Possible transmission fluid leak
Low beams don't work but high beams do. What do I do?
My horn has stopped working
03 Ford Escape V6 Oil/Coolant/check fuel cap lights
2001 civic won't accelerate when pressing gas petal..?
would turning the rotors make my front end go out of alignment?
How do I know if a jump starter is suitable for my car?
is my car battery bad?
Is a slight steering wheel vibration normal in a 2012 Civic when cold?
Sluggish Acceleration
BMW 320i 1992 Gearbox in Sports Mode
Renault 1.4L 16v Oil Dipstick Location
94 f150 at highway speeds in second gear
Is there a way to test ignition coils with built-in ICM?
2006 impala reverse beeping noise
BMW e36 wont maintain idle
Honda civic 2003 dead battery from cold
How to remove the flooring system from Mercedes 614d minibus
Truck won't crank; no sound from starter relays
Did cold weather cause my Jeep's heater fan to stop blowing and then start again later?
first "non-replaceable" parts to break
What's the name of this part?
Ways to increase driver space and comfort in a small car?
Will wiper motor get damaged if windshield wiper fluid got frozen?
What kind of tools could I use for some aluminum body finishing work without doing any cutting?
Will cars annual service light still come on if I do an early service?
2015 Hyundai Sonata not accelerating
Permanent car camera secuity system?
Can I still use OEM steering wheel controls with an aftermarket head unit?
Should fan belts slide when the fan is turned by hand?
How do I replace front CV axles for a 2004 Subaru Impreza Outback Sport?
2005 Chrysler PT Cruiser - Check Engine Light is on and has started regularly sputtering
Why do the lights flicker when I accelerate?
04 chevy trailblazer tailight and control issues
Car won't start in the cold
Burnt oil smell when revving engine
2001 Subaru Legacy L Wagon - Gas smell and light shaking
2001 Ford F150 Serious Fuel leak
Can a bad battery damage voltage regulator?
Ford Expedition knocking and repeated spark plug wire failures
magnet on oil-filter- is it a good idea?
Can I place a mechanical water temp sensor within the radiator hose pipes?
truck not staying up to normal operating temperature
Why don't we have distance lines on a Skoda reversing camera?
Engine sputtering, not accelerating. Left for 20 mins and is now fine?
Car just started blowing cold air
95 manual civic... loud knocking sound when decelerating
Is DIY bearing and hub for 4wd ok
should oil filter be primed
76 Toyota Hiace radiator drain
Time based versus milage based service
What good is it for an engine to have lower CCs and higher BHP?
2003 Ford Taurus SE, Vulcan engine - Chirping sound from intake manifold, car stalling out?
How to remove white stains from Lumina Dashboard?
scooter won't restart after shutting off
Can I safely upgrade to an AGM battery?
Is a secondary air injection pump motor necessary?
Does the air screw only affect the pilot jet?
Clutch or damaged 5th gear?
My 1999 Mazda 626 LX just shut down.
Two-stroke dirt bike piston running into spark plug
What do I need to purchase a vehicle from someone off of Craigslist?
Squealing sound coming from driver side on 99 park ave
How does air get into the engine with a bad IAC?
How long should I wait to turn on my rear defroster during the winter time?
Toyota Corolla CE110 -1996 Airbag indicator won't lit No error either
My blower has stopped working with heater or a/c
Vibrations at idle
Broken spark plug stuck/seized in place
Engine cuts out VW Golf Mk1 1989
2007 honda cr-v dead battery, electrical fuses blown
Engine, sudden reduced power with soft shaking
Front tires hitting struts
Motorcycle - sudden brake failure - suddenly gone - is it safe?
After car runs with temp normal it drops to tempature reading cold
Do I have to jack up the car to replace the valve core?
Why aren't my "street performance" pads performing well on the street?
My car starts fine but spits and sputters until I unplug my temperture sensor then runs without sputtering
Jordan 125T fuse box
Back up lights do not go off Toyota Tacoma 2002
Oil level is lower after a few hours' cool down than immediately after driving
Replacement Interval for Carbon or Charcoal Canister
Using Acura or Honda crankshaft pulley holding tool and not impact wrench when loosening the bolt
Changing Ford e4od to 4r100
what is exactly steering feedback?
Broken tubes underneath 2000 Dodge Ram 1500
When unidirectional tires are rotated, do they also need to be flipped?
My rear license plate is loose because of a missing screw
Wet conditions cause heat to come on full blast
External air mode smells bad
Power steering doesn't turn on until gas pedal is depressed
ODIS 5.0.6 diagnostic tool : how can I remove an option from a transformed vehicle?
Will anti-Freeze leave behind residue?
2000 Toyota Camry power seat will not move forward more than 1" from back position.
Which rim to buy
Honda FIT 2011 Smart Key
Engine Heat Indicator effects
Filling nitrogen tires with normal air
hooking up a battery tender to your car for the winter
wont start only rapid clicking 2004 chrysler concorde lxi 3.5L
2005 Honda Civic LX remote key will not lock doors while car in on, even when the remote is not inside car
Single Cylinder 2 stroke bike with twin exhaust, will it need two chambered exhausts?
Can OBD-II be used to control the vehicle?
What is a good way to hide your cigarette lighter hub?
How many ml between L and F (Oil)
loud clunking/banging noise coming from the front of my car
Non LSD oil in a LSD
Does a jump starter with lower amperage than your car battery work?
What causes battery terminal corrosion?
Lots of sparks and heat when jump starting a car
2000 Toyota Sienna Rear Blinker Assembly Clips Broke Off
2000 Jeep Cherokee 2WD battery light comes on
Using Sprayway glass cleaner as waterless wash?
How do I know where to place my air filter?
Unwrapping and replacing two positive-side battery cables
Why has my battery gauge on my '94 Ford Thunderbird stopped working?
how to temporarily fix a gasket leak?
Replacing new tires on front because rear ones are a different size
How do I get the most out of a "smart" OBDII scanner?
Is a power steering flush likely to be necessary at 60k miles?
Electrical problem with Ford Fiesta diesel
brake squeal and grinding rotor even if I had just installed new pads
Ignition wire breaks while driving
MB ML 320 wont go past 60 mps and vibrates
Why does car rumble/shake with light pressure on accelerator?
2004 LEXUS GX470
1988 chevy k1500 350
Is a temporary covering required/recommended around a broken headlight?
Can I make a Kevlar (or fiberglass) part without a vacuum?
Car overheating when ac goes from hot to cold
Why is my Temperature gauge keeps going up to hot and car loses power whenever this happens
Overheating 2003 Honda Civic
Ford Escape 2014 - is there a practical reason why climate recirculation is on a timer?
Alternator, Battery, or Fluke?
Honda overheating, can't find leak and no pummels of white smoke?
Change dashboard language in Honda Fit 2012
Acura TL 2001 squeaking noise
Is it ok to use a different oil in my LPG Suzuki?
What is this pipe coming out of the petrol tank under the seat
Why does diesel engine need a warm-up before the start-up?
Looking for battery for Honda Activa 2010 Model
What is the best diag tool for peugeot, citroen?
Transmission Fluid Pump - 2008 Crown Victoria Police Interceptor P71 CVPI
Chevy Malibu 2009 won't start
can I only replace only 3 tires on a FWD van?
How do I prevent bushing wear and what parts besides the suspension uses bushings?
Collision repair with Bondo and used parts
Replaced 02 sensors, engine light still on
Camry 2000 temperature gauge
Brakes not working after being parked up for 3 years on Jeep Grand Cherokee
2011 Kia Optima Repair
What causes a low coolent temp light to come on a 2012 Honda civic
How Much Deviation from Ambient Temp is Normal for IAT sensors?
Why would one install widebands on vehicles that are setup for narrowbands?
Craftsman snowblower: sudden death
can not get the oil plug out
What is this squeak in my Dodge Ram 1500, and how can I fix it?
Oversize Engine Oil Drain Plug?
Testing PCV: Constanct Suction or Pulsing Suction
Started stuck when it's cold outside (-35C) subaru outback 2006
What could be causing my car to shake at high speeds?
Oil Level Citroen C1
Blown head gasket on a 2003 Honda civic
Subaru Outback subtle vibration while turning
1999 mazda 626 v6 Lx, 140k miles engine wanting to stall @ stops
car not starting after few km
Labor cost/cost of head gasket repair/replacement on 2003 Honda civic
Which tire pressure is right for my 2008 Toyota Yaris's front tires?
What is the best way to determine if my hydraulic motor mounts are bad?
Citroen Xsara went into "Eco mode" then total blackout
Viability of using an electric impact driver instead of an air impact wrench
Volvo V40 wont start, red led light on speaker flashes rapidly
Electronic Flasher replacement for LUCAS FL5 to work with both -VE and +VE cars
What is the proper way to install a hose clamp?
2005 Chevy Aveo doesn't acclerate over 60 mph
How does automatic air conditioner work? 2 scenarios
Toyota Tazz 1.3 clutch grunding
Ticking noise when accelerating
Horn blows constantly and tail lights remain on
Ford Expedition Eddie Bauer 4.6 V8 2003 automatic rpm goes high
Code Needed to Reset Stereo
Number of motors RWD Tesla
How bad is it for transmission if you release clutch without gas in second gear?
'03 civic makes loud wobbly sound in engine when average going 40mph @ 2000rpm
Car still burning oil after replacing head gasket and rings; what's next?
'02 Hyundai Accent keeps blowing the ignition fusible link
Poor idle speed when engine is warm
Bmw 320 d 2011 n47t
What factors are considered when deciding on gasket material?
Is 60/40 solder fine for splicing wires that have to endure hot engine bay temps?
1999 Toyota RAV 4 Car Stops when AC is powered on after driving for a while
97 Sentra Slow Acceleration?
Is there an advantage using 2 smaller motors on Tesla car's rear axle?
Can I use Fix-a-Flat after it froze solid?
Would leaving a battery booster with only one terminal connected harm it or the battery?
How does a supercharger differ from a turbocharger?
Do I have to rely on wire color to correctly wire up an O2 sensor?
2003 Toyota Rav4 ECT Too Low for Readiness Monitor Drive Pattern
Can the catalytic converter from a 2005 VW Beetle be used in a 2004 VW Jetta?
What Means Fuel Shut Off?
Dodge Ram SRT-10 Problem
Braking causes steering wheel vibration
Dodge Ram SRT-10 Tires
How is "Fuel consumption (economy) - combined" Calculated?
'06 Scion Tc starts then shuts off in two seconds
2008 Toyota Rav4 passenger turn signal flashing rapidly, hazards normal
Engine oil leak from motorcycle
Clutch is stuck disengaged and pedal will not move
The poor man's Start Interrupt Switch -- non-obvious way to disable starting
How much to get an old restomod running?
Scraping Noise from front right wheel on bumpy roads
Won't pickup speed
Changing Exhaust on Royal Enfield
Rental car gearbox broke down
2005 Scion TC Automatic Skips Drive and goes to 3rd
Constant power drain, even with all the fuses pulled
Coolant/antifreeze leaking out of engine block (See photo/video)
Did I damage my car by trying to move in reverse with the handbrake on?
Car AC is not working
Renault/Dacia Logan 2014+ engine temperature indicator?
Ticking/clicking when accelerating 1997 Dodge Caravan
Tire pressure sensor doesn't read
Turbo gain level
Why does the dual motor Tesla have more range?
Toyota camry 2003 front seat stuck forward
1998 BMW 318is excessive current draw - possible starter issue
Intermitant Crank / No Start - 2002 Oldsmobile Alero
Ford 2000 wind star , tool slid into hallow area above front driver side wheel
Sound fluctuation after Aerial replacement
1st gear hard to engage unless stopped, Subaru 2004 Impreza Outback Sport
2004 Subaru XT under powered and smoking after oil change
my car acts like its going to stall at a stop
Ford Fiesta Mk6 Diesel Engine Fault
1995 Toyota Corolla cranks but wont start
URGENT: How to unlock e230 mercedes benz model
check engine light 2006 kia sedona
I lubed a sticky throttle and now it's worse, but only in the cold
Brake fluid to be used on a 1960 Chevrolet Corvair
Leftover parts after head gasket change; are they engine mounts or braces?
Old gas in 2 cycle engine
Engine's Normal Operating Temperature
Bad dashboard coolant temp sensor?
O2 Sensor - 1998 Toyota Camry 2.2L 4-cyl
Modest braking sounds similar to squealing tires
What is the direction of rotation of the motor?
Reasonable price for getting doors repainted?
E46 engine chirps when idling in the morning
Mystery rubbing or slapping noise while driving
Major electrical melt down in wiring
How easy (is it possible) for an amateur to change the drain tube of a motorbike fuel tank?
Car Hiccups when engine is cold 2002 Mustang
Continual Brake Issues on a 2002 Kia Spectra
Identify these vintage Ford hubcaps
Why should I connect the red/positive terminal first when jump starting?
Diagnose and Handling of Frozen Batteries
How to check 05 mustang quality of lights and sensors quality
Any reason I couldn't replace my entire fuse box with self-resetting breakers?
Ventilation of batteries
2001 GMC Jimmy wont start?
Dash compatibility and the ECU
why is it not good to stall a cold engine
Gapping New Spark Plugs from the Dealership
How much does spark plug gap affect fuel efficiency?
Kia Sportage 2002 radiator loss of water with no overheat or water leakage
Clio I indicator control non-functional
Opel corsa's horn alarms when car is locked
What could cause Oil Pressure light flickering
How to Inspect a Fuel Filter to See if it Needs Replacing?
What to Inspect / Clean / Change After Buying a Used Car Without A Service Record
2006 Honda Civic Won't Start
Oxygen sensor PID for 2004 Toyota Camry 4-cyl
E46 Check engine light on at high altitude
Clutch less shifting - why does it work? Is it bad?
Best way to wash a soft top?
Royal Enfield Classic 350 - Motor Break-in Best Practice
Any way to prevent the dome light from being always on
Using different rim that what I have?
Driving on a tire with different aspect ratio number than recommended?
Drive side window won't move in a 1999 Saturn SC2
Mazda 323: How to find OEM Part Numbers
Shifting: hard to pull out of reverse and sticks going into first and second
Jeep electrical/charging problem
04 Ford mustang has no bass
Ford Focus 2004 1.6l Rear Noise
Surely I'm refilling my transmission fluid incorrectly
'99 Honda accord sputtering when accelerating and stalling at idle
98 Ford Expedition. Anti theft-ignition problem (car not running)
My tire wobbles
I dropped my bike and now it won't start
Clunking Noise from Rear, Right Tire when hitting bumps
Proper way to do maintenance on an air bag system (SRS)?
What parts are usually changed when the timing belt is replaced?
Driving my truck when it started shaking and making strange sound
Compliance Bushing for 2007 Honda Odyssey
What is seafoam? What does it do? How do you use it?
Engine smooth after techron then rough again
2000 pontiac montana overheating
Will a worn clutch ever completely fail to engage? If not, what will cause this?
Coolant level is below "low" in the expansion tank, dealership service says this is normal?
Car shudders above 45 mph after a spin out into a ditch
Burned spark plug melted cylinder head
Vauxhall Astra Rear Jet Washer
What is the normal fuel consumption for a 1995 Toyota Carina E 1.6 CC 4A engine?
To repair or not repair?
Block Heater Honda Civic
will running my 89 accord without power steering fluid burn out my pump?
Saturn Headlight Problem
How you call pickup truck's trunk cover?
custom built silicon carbide discs
07 Subaru Forester XT Electric window working intermittently
back brakes smoke
I have a 2001 ford fiesta that when I brake the steering wheel vibrates up and down not side ways
Outside temperature displays wrong values in Peugeot 207
Replacing an engine in a Chevy pickup ('85 K10). Is 190hp enough?
TPMS Rebuild Kit - Do I need it for a normal tire change if I don't have TPMS problems?
Clicking of Brakes
over loading, missfiring
My car doesn't leak oil but I have to tap it off every 500 miles
High Idle and Engine Noise in Chrysler 300c Hemi
Toyota Verso 1.6 VVTi 2006 Overheating 7 Not coming on
Why is my car tramlining(pulling/veering when I hit road imperfections)?
CA: Dispose of car with past due tags/registration?
Do I really need to care if my car burns oil?
Falling RPM's and Stalls after Releasing the Clutch
Excessive road noise in Toyota Corolla
Is there any way to replace a ripped ball joint boot?
How to get items out of the HVAC system from a 2003-2007 Honda Accord
2004ToyotaTundra sitting 10 months
Engine Reving Up in Park and Neutral?
Failed inspection on because of OBD2 readiness
Is there a camera system for cars that can record the front, rear, and inside of the car at the same time?
Should I replace the disc?
Strange electrical issue with after market brake lights
1974 Ford Econoline E200 Van acts fuel starved after warm up
In a clip, what does the "Stem Length" mean?
Subaru Impreza 2.5i - What are reasons my engine would sputter when turning off?
2001 GTI not going into reverse, 1st, 3rd, or 5th after clutch replacement
Remove car door lock lever arm
Rebuild for longevity
One tail light stays on. 2006 Jeep Cherokee
Adding aftermarket backup lights
Broken Socket Wrench: My Fault or Poor Quality
1999 Ford pickup starter whining
hotpatch wheels repair kit
Mystery Sensor on Manual Transaxel Housing
Replace original steel rims with aluminum rims
What are these windshield washer parts called, and what should I replace?
97 Jeep Cherokee check gauges light came on and then my battery gauge dropped down to 9 didn't lose any power?
Could 1.9 Nm be enough to accelerate 130kg electric go-kart?
How to properly tighten a wheel on a bench grinder?
Signs of a bad transmission?
Fiat Punto Grande 2007 does not start right away
Honda Accord 2000 V6, loses electrical although engine is still running - what could it be?
honda accord takes a while to start/intermittently stalls
Ford Focus 1.6 Petrol Timing Belt
Diode selection or "Engine Running Only" electrical source on 1965 Mustang?
added too much oil
Trying to order a part, shows up brake knuckle spindle assembly, but all are used for 98 civic?
How to determine if P0430 is O2 or catalytic converter
Steering wheel vibration
How Do Get My 2011 Hyundai Elantra Tachometer, Speedometer and Fuel Guage Display Working Again?
car over heating and white smoke coming out of the hood
why are new brakes squeaking?
Noise when the engine is idle
Ford Puma only blowing hot air
Is there a way to tighten the throttle cable on a 2004 Echo?
Name of inverter gear cog in English
how to hardwire a car.(dashcam)
Will not run after dieing while driving
Oily Sludge in the Intake Manifold
Plausible issues of not having a center stand and solutions for those?
MOT coverage for car issues
Sand on road cutting grooves in brake rotors
Check Engine light comes on every time I return from Griffith obs
Jeep stalls after about 10-15 minutes driving or idling
2008 Scion XD 126K
Knock sensor ground and dieletric grease
Renault Modus wont start
i30 GD Diesel hatch rear wheel alignment query
What would be the best and cheapest way to fix these dents and scratches?
Car turns off due to low RPM, only when starting car
Why do Subarus run so rich under boost
Commonly required spare parts for quad bike (e.g. Yahama Grizzly)
No spark on my new motorcycle
Upsizing a hot rod cooling fan from 7a to 20a
Headlights won't turn on & taillights won't turn off
Ford Expedition Speakers - Loud Pop and Burning Smell
Is it possible to charge car battery through cigar lighter socket?
2006 Volvo s40 started smoking suddenly
Overheating & boiling in the overflow tank
correct English name for specific car part
For the love of all things sacred, what technical reason was there for GM to put a different connector on each side for the rear oxygen sensors?
How much to replace shocks and struts for a 2010 Chevy Aveo?
Foot slipped off clutch while downshifting. Damage?
Upgrade Bluetooth in Toyota 2009 Camry Hybrid
Horrible rotten feet smell from my 2013 chevy malibu ltz
What is this noise?
Issues ensuring battery stays charged
Dead battery any damage done
VW Velocity 1.6i 2007 Fan not working, engine leaking out all the water
Front left controller arm corroded and broke on my 2002 Hyundai Elantra
2006 Miata Maintenance
Intermittent starting trouble with new battery
Hooking up daytime running lights on my vehicle using relays
Idling issues on 1995 Kawasaki ZZR600
1995 VW golf Mk3. need to know where to find camshaft position (hall) sensor
Can I break power steering by turning too far
Single knock sound when stepping on gas
Engine Turns Over Gets to 500rpm, Shakes, Then Loses Power After Spark Plug & Wire Change
How inaccurate is the stock wideband 02 sensor in the SG9 Subaru Forester XT at WOT
Positioning of a resistor
Low MPG for my Ford Focus 2005
Bad Radiator Messed up Head Gasket
water in pump bubbling
popping noise on 07 charger
connecting backup camera in my honda 2001
What happened to side marker reflectors?
Why do open differentials drive the wheels on the ground when a vehicle drives on two?
Power loss in Nissan Primera SVE. Possible causes?
Brakes smell, car pedal hard, light smoke, slows down during gear shift
Yamaha FZ 16 loses smoothness too soon
Can 1/2 drive impact wrenches be adapted to use 3/8 sockets?
Running my camper on solar
Minor body rust sanding and repair
Should rotors be replaced every time brake pads/discs are?
2004 Hyundai Elantra disable keyless entry
Buzzing noise or whining noise from center of car while driving, not related to engine speed
How far can I drive with too much oil?
Buying wider wheels
my tire is wobbling and I need to know possibilities!
How often can I reinflate my tire
How can I tell when a tire was manufactured?
What is "Total litres (reserve, usable) = 15 litres (3.2 litres reserve, 2 litres usable)"?
How to install replacement lens for headlight
Maximum resting 12V car battery voltage
Series Hybrids: Why Isn't Anyone Making Them?
Comprehensive Dictionary of Auto parts
Programming error Buick Enclave 2008
How to hack an on-demand rear diff locker on FJ Cruiser bypassing the ECU?
Clutch/transmission noise
Changing Firing Order in a 4 Cylinder Car
Using dry moly lube as an alternative to anti-seize
Peugeot 207 Handbrake lever loose with handbrake on
weather causing power loss
Do I need expensive tires for my Audi A4?
Front wheel scraping noise
2002 explorer anti theft light
Engine doesn't want to stop
Leaking, then not leaking, carburetor
Why are gears designed in this pattern in motorcycles?
What is the Bluetooth revision supported by the 2015 Prius C?
What's wrong with worn-out suspension?
Should I put my (UK) Automatic into Neutral at stops?
Burning smell when getting out of the car
How do you replace the cupholders in a late 90's (1999) model Toyota Corolla?
Media center or bluetooth extension/kit for 2007 Honda Accord?
Alternative location for motorcycle ignition coils?
Is it bad to switch gears to D while my car is still moving backwards
At a complete stop, why is my RPM in Neutral gear greater than Drive gear?
Is it possible to plastic weld a bumper with a heat gun?
97 Mazda 323: Where is the IAT sensor?
1974 VW Bug Headliner
Out of round wheel?
Will a 95 4AFE engine work on Euro 4 gasoline?
Typical voltage drop when air con, radio, lights, etc. in use
do diesel engines have Idle Air Control Valve?
Why is the oil pan plug not at the complete bottom of the system?
Car always takes several attempts to start, what's the problem?
Location of O2 sensor on 1990 Toyota pickup
oily sludge in coolant reservoir
Battery high voltage
Rear camera screen flickering
What's wrong if I replace a signal light bulb, but it still acts as if it's burnt out?
All signs of clutch slipping but the car only has 48,000 miles. How can this be?
How to Clean Lightly Fouled Spark Plugs
No fuel pressure after changing fuel regulator
how to find part number for slide-out tray cover that has cigarette lighter
1993 Ford Taurus 3.8
How to replace broken AC pressure switch Kia Optima 2006
Vehicle Technology Controls
Can I use a different size donut spare tire for my 97 Accord?
Why does the brake on a 2000 Sienna click and squeak?
Stiff clutch on Toyota Corolla: can it be adjusted?
Is it common for ECU's to maintain individual limit maps for each knock sensor?
Polo 1,6 TDi 2010 Jerking and getting gradually worse
Cooling system flush procedure questions
Car Hesitate Sometimes While Driving
How difficult is it to change the shocks on my 2007 Ford Ranger 2WD
95 Honda civic ex, OBD port not giving check engine light codes
2001 Fiat punto: slave cylinder repaired brake warning light
2003 Ford Escape battery and alternators problems
Starting issue on a Fiat Uno Fire 1100
Where is the clutch pedal located on a manual 1998 Ford Contour?
Partially blowing a motorcycle main fuse?
where is the 2003 Wiper Relay on a 2003 honda accord?
95 honda civic ex, smoking heavily from exhaust
Replacing hub bearing repeatedly - 2007 Jetta
What are the black dots that are at some windows edges?
Rough idle in neutral
Why would engine noise in cabin be much worse in one vehicle compared to another?
blue devil head gasket sealer
Old Air Compressor Rebuild (and general piston engines) - Oil On Cylinder Walls?
X-Trail replacement remote key unlocking receiver
Consequences of not fixing rusted body parts
2.2 ecotec on 2008 Cobalt - Timing chain tensioner will not come out of head
2001 Ford F150 howling when braking with trailer
checking specific gravity of battery fluid reads 1/2good. Should I charge or replace?
Storing a car on wood blocks in storage unit
Car feels like it's filling up with fumes
What wears out windshield wipers?
98 Honda Accord 2.3L
Irregular Fuel Pressure and a Old Clogged Fuel Filter
How many book hours would it take to replace a short block?
2005 classic will start when cold but has trouble starting when warm
difference between 175/70R 13 and 155 R 13 tyres
Do car dealerships check if a car needs recalled parts for free?
Can a 41mm shock be replaced in Bajaj Pulsar 150 by removing the company fitted one?
AC blower won't turn on after replacing battery
2006 Jeep Commander Driver's side window controls only work for rear windows
Car won't start sometimes
Replacing tires for 2001 Subaru Outback
volvo s40 2005 model, remote unresponsive
radiator stop leak
Windshield washer fluid for sticky bugs
Boot Liner Mat not drying after battery leak
1994 LT1 350 in a Caprice wagon. Oil getting pumped into the coolant and flowing past the coolant reservoir cap
Transmission won't shift into second after rebuild
How do I wire an MVH-150UI to a Peugeot 206?
Remove Alhambra/Sharan seat cover
Why don't car manufacturers treat rust-prone parts of a car with rust converter?
Radio stops playing when I change volume
Car would start roughly and then coast with cyclic acceleration (foot not on peddle)
Will not start after new battery was placed
Do I need to service rear Drum Brakes?
Front Driver-side window stopped working
What type of flange is this and what's its application?
2001 Maxima starts but won't stay running
Engine hesitates and sometimes stalls after filling gas tank
Are you supposed to give the engine gas when shifting gears?
Is this plan to use old 12V battery until it fails a good one?
2005 Honda Civic - Oveheating
Clock inoperative, 2006 Toyota Yaris
Check Engine Light for bad gas cap
Do all 12V batteries produce the same amount of current?
Clutchless Downshifts Using Throttle Blip on a Motorbike/Sequential Gearbox
Diesel engine starting / first start of the day problems
What kind of technology is used to create this "The Self Balancing Electric Motorcycle"?
I accidentally fueled my car with E10 (10% ethanol). What should I do next?
What is the Carter Gas Filter for?
Coolant leak - 4g63 sohc 2.0L non turbo
Why hasn't anyone beat the 6:11:13 Nürburgring Record set in 1983?
Will my tyres fit?
Can I still drive my car when one of the tires has lower pressure?
Semi synthetic oil engine break-in
Oil pressure decresases when I step on the gas
VW Mk4 Golf/GTI airbag indicator warning light
Charging battery after a jump start
Transmission not shifting from park
What does the vacuum hose below the EGR assembly on a 1997 Ford Escort attach to at either end?
95 Honda civic timing marks
Symmetric tyres with tread reversed in each side of the axle
Best way to control engine cooling?
New CD Receiver requires the microphone for Bluetooth audio?
95 Honda civic reset timing
Mercedes Benz GL450 Squeaking noise when cold start
Unibody Frame - Straightening Procedure and Limitations
Windshield chip - what constitutes "edge" of windshield and can I DIY this?
How long after plugging a tire before I test it?
what could be draining my battery on my Chevrolet Silverado
What do the numbers on motor oil specifications mean?
2015 jetta on highway in wrong gear
2008 Prius Dead Battery
Are More Recent API Oils always "Better"?
2014 Ford Fusion Front Speaker Replacement (Wiring Question)
8th Gen Honda - No Start, No Crank (down the rabbit hole)
newly rebuilt engine, long warm-up & severe shaking
Honda XR650l first ride after winterization
2000 Honda Accord won't start when engine is warm
1987 GMC pickup - will not crank
Bypass power steering pump?
Wheel Vibration - Right front tire
Does the brake pad need to fit perfectly into caliper?
What are some Seafoam Alternatives
Why can I not set my Tempomat (cruise-control) to a speed below 30km/h?
Odometer gained 65,000 miles after battery replacement
2000 Honda Civic fuel tank problems
2003 F150 5.4L V8 Long Term Fuel Trim High Bank 2
Tire rotation to fix low tire pressure?
What will cause my Ford Expedition not to start?
How much more slowly do synthetic oils degrade compared to conventional oils?
Petrol vehicles, what are the advantages and disadvantages of a turbo charger?
Cannot get Kubota tractor engine to fire
Does downshifting ( Engine Braking ) help when my car brakes CAN lock the wheel?
Lost torque on my Yamaha XVS650
Do power steering hoses just burst randomly or is it usually caused by installation error?
Brakes pads changes and cutting rotors
Which car is this?
Derbi Cafe 125 stalling when changing to 1st
How to improve suspension on my bike TVS Star City 110 CC 2012 Model
Current from key to solenoid of starter motor relay
Are 'voltage stabilizers' a scam?
What is a "confidential vehicle identification" number?
Mixing brands of DOT4 brake fluid
Would "one cylinder's out" semantics include a head gasket?
I accidentally kept my vehicle Choke ON while riding?
Astra G 2.2 - Electrical Issue
Negative-grounded vehicles: some switches on positive, some on negative, why?
Where is the alarm siren located in a Ford Ka 2010?
2005 Toyota Avalon how to reactivate vehicle's ECU
Ford radio unlocking
How extend a drilled hole
Yamaha FZS Ver- 2.0 Engine Seizure
Opel Corsa D engine issue?
Air-conditioning intermittent failure
1998 Honda Accord V6 - Rough Idle/Stalling
Is a loose part on a 1995 Mercury Tracer important?
Is shifting to neutral on a decline more fuel efficient than keeping the gear engaged?
Is it possible to check if the fuel filter on a Yamaha XJ600 is getting clogged?
How do I retrieve the check engine codes without a scanner for a 1999 Dodge Ram Van 3500?
Does more frequent tyre rotation make tyres last any longer?
Do directional tyres need less tyre rotation than non-directional?
Steering wheel vibration at 60+ MPH
2004 Chevy Silverado 4.8 check engine light on
How to find a used car with telescoping steering wheel?
1997 1.8t Audi Quattro - using coolant
Switching off the AC before turning off the engine to increase longevity - urban myth?
Over heating problems please help
Why would I feel disbalanced or thrown around when riding a motorcycle
Risks of "excess and lack" of Engine oil
Does the size of engine cylinder affect the efficiency?
Car Jerks Early Morning
2005 Ford Escape Airbag code 16 - corrective actions?
Can I use Mercon V as power steering fluid?
Manual transmission difficult to put into gear. Do I need a new clutch?
How long will my motor last having clogged catalytic converters?
Battery/alternator on 99 Chevy Prizm?
What exactly is OBD Calculated Load?
1997 Ford Expedition Intermittent Hot/Cold Air
Is it possible to replace Honda Shine rear shock absorber by Gabriel or Escort?
'95 Chrysler Lebaron Shifting
Performing a Cylinder Power Balance Test
Volkswagen Golf MK4 - Oil temperature sensor coding out
2002 Subaru Legacy, Grinding Sound
2001 Toyota 4Runner - ECU Drive Cycle Reset
Blend Door Motor/Actuator install 2002 Excursion/Super Duty/F350
While driving, my handbrake gets automatically engaged (maybe)
Engine Turns but won't start
Temerature gauge goes to zero
'93 Cavalier ECU issue
Charging an SLA battery for storage in an automobile
Is it dangerous/damaging to start an engine with a spark plug removed?
Brake pedal is hard to push even after new brakes
1993 Ford Taurus LX 3.0 Catalytic Converter
Shaking steering wheel after new tires
1987 Yamaha FZ700 headlights not working
VW Passat Estate B5 - Parking brake suddenly slack but cable not broken
"tick-tick" sound in Enfield Clasic Motorcycle
Tires for a Opel Vectra 2003
High idle while coasting in neutral
Calculating MPG from MAP sensor (or converting MAP data to MAF data)
Turbo Charging Suzuki Splash/Ritz
Is it necessary to purge the entire brake circuit if only the front wheels flexible are changed?
Carburettor jetting on installation of aftermarket air filter
How to avoid having air bubbles in clutch line after cylinder replacement?
How to clean brake fluid spillage from vehicle floor?
What is the cause of a soft brake pedal after bleeding?
What's an acceptable battery power drop on light load?
How much air should a tire lose each month?
New clutch master cylinder not filling with fluid after replacement
New breaker points not working
Brake Pads worn in under two months
Replaced rear rotors and pads, now both rotors hot on first test drive
Fuel Efficiency vs Engine capacity
Fiat Punto Door Dent
2008 Toyota Corolla - Overheated while idling, coolant full or very slightly low
How to bleed Toyota Tacoma clutch system?
Grinding when shifting into 1st from a stop
Car stalls after running
Resurfacing brake rotators without replacing pads
How to test charge-holding condition of car lead acid battery
Water is dropping from car?
Car will not start
Dust Under the Doors
2007 Suzuki Forenza motor
My 2002 vw golf keeps dying?
05 Mustang electrical problems
How to fix 2007 Dodge Ram Hemi Overdrive Problem
Oil in the cooling system on S10 V-6 4.3
2nd starter installed that is just spinning and not engaging the flywheel
CAN Bus action list
Mazda MPV 2005 only fits 500ml of window washer fluid
Dodge Caravan 2000 sudden rev
1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee battery issues
Ditch water in radiator
ISUZU CUBIC mixing oil in coolant
02 renault scenic. Metallic tapping sound when engaging the clutch
Standard mounting screw for vehicle relay
Immobiliser starter relay versus fuel pump relay
Is this rust on a new truck's underside normal?
'04 Echo shock mounts, Type A vs Type B
Clicking noise when starting from low speed, going over bumps
What happens to a car engine when giving max throttle while not in gear
No power situation - 1990 Mercury Couger
Can a Bad Valve Cover Gasket Cause Oil to be Burned?
Replacing 3rd gear synchro on a Tacoma
Converting floor jack to tranny jack?
Smoke + water from exhaust while starting MM 540
Gear slips MM540 while applying clutch/stop accelerating
Clutch issue in 1995 Mazda Miata
Fuel rail pressure port size on 1985 Porsche 911
Non-starting Uno
Should we wait a few seconds before starting the engine?
Heavy Towing 2007 Chevy Avalanche 5.3L
Replace shaft seal in power steering pump
I want to attach some hooks inside my car
Split flange for converter-resonator coupling?
Pontiac g6 runs lean; throwing codes
How do I reduce engine idling rpm without stalling it?
Fault code: P0812: Reverse Input Circuit.
Damaged Muffler Degrades Performance
2004 Jeep Liberty overheating
Achieving least wear on clutch when changing gears?
Can a blown head gasket cause overheating, without losing coolant?
Battery Cable Replacement 1987 Chrysler 5th Avenue
2.5L four-cylinder able to tow 2,700lbs?
Mazda 323P,Electrical circuit of engine control
How do I troubleshoot a P1443 code for a Chevy Equinox
Is Honda Shine Rear-Suspension claimable on Warranty\Extended Warranty
Ford Transit not going into 1st gear easily
Duke 390 Tyre rotation problem
Which car parts require more energy than the starter?
My motorbike handle gets a hit when I hit a bump or pothole
2004 Nissan Altima manifold exhaust bolts
how do you wire in an emergency stop into 12v
Tire puncture with glass
2005 Civic Lower Control Arm replacement or Bushing?
What is the part called that connects the engine to the air intake system? (Photo included)
How to find and access the actual terminals of car battery
Yamaha fz700 brake and headlights problem
Urgent! BMW 318i 2007 E90 Heating Up
Diagnosing pinging issue in 2003 Nissan Sentra
Accidently put biodiesel fuel in 2009 Nissan Altima. What to do?
Manual engine has no power in third fourth and fifth gear when driving up an incline.
Focus ST170 2002 Electric Mirror only works horizontal
Repairing of electronic throttle control
Installing lower speed-rated tires than recommended
What will happen if the clutch release/throw out bearing fails?
Causes for engine/oil gunk around bottom of engine bay
Running 4 tires of a slightly larger section height than stock/recommended
Is it possible to drain oil pan without getting any oil on your fingers?
How to test for radiator leaks?
MG ZS 180 - overheating clutch
Daiwoo Kalos engine squeal on ignition
1986 VW Westfalia van A/C
Steering wheel "center" different from vehicle "straight"
Audi A4 (B8) Whine
RPM bouncing when in idle, especially when AC in switched on
Kia Rio Overheating
Master cylinder leak
BMW e46 problems after Lysol in air intake
BMW e46 cabin air vent smells
Will vtec engage without a factory released VTEC ECU when swapping to VTEC engine?
Sideskirt repair
Bent front fork on a bike
2006 Suzuki SX4 Vibration/Lurch/Sound
Honda CBR 250 won't start after heavy rains, puttering noise
Small drip from the rear end of Ford F-250
Can metal putty be used to repair stripped threads in aluminum castings?
Small Gas Engine Throttle
Loss of engine power between 2100 and 2500 RPM on humid days - 2011 Malibu
How can I tell which hub bearing is making a noise?
My car was recalling but my car is already more than 10 years old. Repair free?
Loose wires in 1993 5.0 V8 F150 Engine
Look at the Valves Without Taking Everything Apart
BMW e46 AC intake location(s)
How to know BMW e46 AC type
2014 Jeep Grand Cherokee -- quiet whine from steering wheel -- what's causing it?
A Suzuki GZ125 marauder that won't power on at all
Civic won't start after replacing head gaskets
Transmission fluid leak 1993 5.0 V8 F150 Engine
Chevy Cobalt starter has two hot wires that have current regardless of ignition switch
Installed new alternator, now no power
Oil leaks after oil change - shop says engine oil pan gasket needs to be replaced
Fork tube seals Suzuki sv650
'03 Honda Odyssey Radio Reset
Weird gouges on the tire sidewall. Are they going to blow?
Does briefly flying in air hurt my car?
Painting Racing Stripes
1999 Ford Ranger Exhaust Repair
OEM cables don't match new LED mirrors, need specialized adapters?
Identifiy this car from the 40's or 50s?
2002 Peugeot 206 Clutch won't disengage
Where can I find the reverse light fuse on a 2004 Toyota Vios
How to extract data from ODBII?
Any truth to the "myth" about changing transmission fluid in older vehicles?
replacing distributor-- spline doesn't align
Relationship between Diameter of the Wheel and the Turning Radius
Do the front wheels turn a little bit on potholes and bumps?
2000 Toyota Celica GTS aftermarket exhaust system
Last year my timing chain had broken
2003 Acura tl overheating
What is the difference between an automatic and an AMT
2006 Saturn Ion won't shift into drive but will in reverse
Metal bracket popping out at the entrance of steering shaft near the brake pedal
Is my Forester's caliper bracket bolt hole stripped?
Replacing Cam Position Sensor; any gotchas?
2002 Camaro ls1 wont start
Need to replace valve cover gasket immediately with signs of seeping/leakage?
2009 Chevy Equinox Turn Signal
Opel Astra H CDTI 1.7 ISSUES
Is there a trick to easily removing stuck rubber hoses off fittings?
Why are most engines made with even numbers of cylinders?
Why did V4 engines never take off?
Can you help me identify this pipe connected to the engine?
Pros and cons of using straight antifreeze?
What is the redline for different gears for Peugeot 107 2005 model?
Are there varying degrees of engine misfire?
Radiator Leak Overnight?
Is it a bad idea to use a Pozidriv screwdriver on a Phillips head?
Volvo S60 T5 Auto gearbox replacement
Mechanic Didn't Diagnose Full Problem
What is the difference between a 180° V4 and a true boxer motor?
Tire Replacement
Looking for a suitable lubricant
Mitsubishi Galant over heating with battery light and brake light on
2004 Mercury Marquis LS A/C & fan problems
Squealing noise when reversing and turning, from RHS of car
New Pads, Rotor, & Caliper; Grinding, Squeaking, and Heat
Flushing coolant after driving only with water in
How to know when thermostat is open?
Coolant spillover tank boiling but engine not overheating
2002 Honda Civic Si Air Box
2000 Audi A4 1.6 weak motor power
Replacing the 2015 Fiesta S's ugly chrome grill with a Euro kit?
2008 MB C300 Will not start
Locating a correct replacement for Honda Civic seat lever
Car turning itself off in highway
What exactly is Honda's i-VTEC technology
Flushing built up Rust and Mineral Deposits in Cooling System
Central Locking Help: Why are there 3 wires for each door lock?
How to test if head gaskets are blown?
steering wheel shakes in a turn
Does a brake controller need direct battery connection, or would a switched source work?
Is it safe to reuse oil that was drained for a repair?
Scooter break-in period - Actual scientific backing or urban legend?
How does cylinder leakage tester kit work?
Can the evap canister valve be ordered and replaced separately for a 2001 Toyota Camry
Why is Diesel Engine called as Quality Controlled and Petrol called as Quantity Control
What are the Advantages of a Single Side SwingArm on Motorcycles?
Mechanical ABS system - Scam or Legit?
SAAB 93 Car Audio system upgrade
Peugeot 307 horn not working
2006 Honda Civic Hybrid -- starting problems if not recently (12hours!) driven
1996 Ford Mustang 3.8L V6 - Intermittent Stalling on Slow Down/Stop
Changed Spark Plug Missing (not firing)
Importance of engine compression ratio
Does Crud Hold Old Engines Together?
What is Variable Valve Timing technology?
Gases from car batteries
Can someone identify this part of the engine on a TVS Apache
A most intriguing cold-start misfire mystery
Engine sound rumbles/grumble noise 800-1300 RPM
New struts on a 2000 model year car with 225k miles, replace coils?
How did the tyre shop flatten my battery?
96 Chevy Cavilier Leak From the Transmission
Why aren't fuel pumps powered by drivebelt?
What tools are needed to DIY wheel alignment?
Advantages of direct vs sequential fuel injection
AC stopped blowing cold air
Engine on BMW G650GS 2011 does not start when it's hot
My Ford Escort ZX2 not starting
AC suddenly stopped working?
The brakes on my vehicle continue to pulsate, even with new rotors and pads
Identify parts I need from a supplier catalog
Why do we need to cool air after it leaves a turbocharger?
I have a 1993 GMC sierra 1500 and I have some questions about the grounding
Rear blinker failure on camper trailer
ac compressor pulley making noise
When to change Timing belt - Peugeot 307 2003 1.6cc
Do you need a charged battery for a car to Idle?
Battery Drains Every 1-3 Weeks
brakes still pulsating
Peugeot 206 indicator not working properly
Mitsubishi L200 MK4 2003 right back passenger window wont go down
What are some problems faced when driving vehicles during heavy rain?
What are the effects of not having ABS?
What model carburetor is this? (Mikuni Corp)
What parts/gears should be replaced if taking tranny down?
Is it possible to test tranny when off vehicle?
Do I need to reprogram ECU when adding custom Air filter
4 new tires on 2013 Explorer?
Could very minor impacts have caused electrical problems?
How is engine load determined?
2001 Lexus ES 300 bank 1 misfire
What is Opel/Vauxhall's TwinPort Technology?
Rusty exhaust manifolds
My 98 Honda CRV power steering gets heavy after driving for a few minutes
Can replacing valve cover affect engine performance?
Individual wheels' toes are out of range but combination is within specs
95 Corolla overheats, probable coolant leak or maybe thermostat, need more advice.
Reverse grinds and transmission won't lock into 1st gear
Altima 2006 2.5 S Code P0462 = Fuel Level Sensor A Circuit, Low Input Fuel Gauge Is Inop
hard shifting and snapping noise
No windscreen washer fluid coming through (VW Passat 1997)
Why doesn't my rev limiter bounce?
2006 Solstice - car won't turn over following engine replacement
Are there plug-n-play ECUs?
Why is martensitic steel used instead of grey cast iron for ATV disc brakes?
Is it typical for a shop to charge extra for labor if you bring your own parts?
To repair, or sell: that is the question
Radio Stations overlaying and interfering
Long term storage of parts
Why is this hollow plastic piece attached to the Karizma's air intake?
Car and bike. How to keep it in good condition when unused for two months?
Long silent delay before Honda Accord 2003 cranks
Most important : CAMBELT , SHOK ABSORBER or BALL JOINT
Switch from XM to Sirius on a 2013 Nissan Altima
No Sound from one Car speaker
How important is it to replace engine torque mount? (have pic)
How do final stage resistors fail?
Had major overheat issue but engine was rebuilt 3 months ago
Intermittent instrument panel light & windshield wiper failure
Is vehicle's fluid level monitoring the best way to detect all leaks?
Starter motor 'stutters' (Mk1 Golf)
Aveo 2012 brakes do not work when the engine is running
Audi A4 1.6 2000 Coolant level sensor flashing
Read vehicle speed data in real time
Read steering angle data in real time
BDL primary driver inner plate install
Torque wrench vs regular ratchet
Leaving vehicle on 4 jack stands several days
Dodge Ram 2500 gasoline won't run after key starts
Fuel line leak - can't separate disconnect
What happens when cranking vehicle in gear?
cause of Rough / fluctuating RPMs in low RPMs
Two 12 volt power sources into one device
Can frequent engine lugging lead to blown head gaskets?
Proper power steering fluid for Buick Enclave?
Long brake pedal travel after replacing pads
Mounting bar end mirrors on non-hollow bars?
Where does the dinging sound come from?
Why are my headlights always powered on?
Suspension broken - attempting triage
Should I insulate the air conditioner pipe in my car?
Possible cause of sudden breakage of windsheild?
Replacing carburator with EFI
Installing an RPM meter
Rust underneath rear of car (Toyota Mk1 MR2)
BMW 320Ci (E46) flat battery, caused by light?
Why are there large differences in oil-change intervals?
2009 Crown Victoria-- Problem
How much fuel does it take to start an engine?
Is it complicated to retrofit ABS?
Identify a piece in the air intake assembly
Acceleration and engine issues
Rear wheel wobble
Are floor jack and jack stand pads necessary?
Annoying hissing sound from passenger side window
deep pressing of disc brake lever when whee not in position
Does it matter which side to turn crankshaft?
2006 G35 - Body shop installed wrong front bumper
Cylinder Leak-down vs Compression Test
Can machine resurfacing of cylinder heads cause valve malfunction?
Consequences of leaking valve covers
98 honda accord 3.0 v6 bad idle, running issue
Chevy 4.8 misfiring
Vauxhall corsa diesel leaking oil
2003 Nissan Frontier pick up 4 cylinder
My car A/C works sporadically, and has weird symptoms, help?
Bikes power is iffy
my car cuts off while driving
Where is the e46 AC drain hose located?
How to test if heater core is causing cooling malfunction?
How, and why, do you test coolant concentration?
How to diagnose a bad spark plug?
Can I use tap or A/C water in my battery?
Why does diesel engine have redline much lower than petrol engine redline?
Does turning off the radio and other electronics in a car before shutting off the engine prevent battery drain?
Spark plug wires arcing when car is cold
Where is this plate from?
Brakes lock up when you put the vehicle in reverse
Check engine light 2005 Toyota Camry
Holding crankshaft still while unbolting pulley by shifting to smallest gear
Low rumble/groaning noise when come to a slow stop
How to wire an ignition switch for boat throttle controller
2 cycle engine has spark and new carb won't start
ECU Diagnostic Port cut off and Check Engine Light disabled
Is there a way to check if you're being ripped off for accident repair costs?
Dripping water from under the water housing
Pre-purchace Testing with a Vacuum Gauge
Car transmission jerky downshift to 1st gear when braking to a stop
Is the steering ratio of Ford C-Max constant or variable?
Installing a Camry engine in a Highlander
Does Mazda's Skyactiv-G engine avoid EGR altogether?
Find the version of a motorcycle
08 Audi A4 B7 2.0T DTC P0503 speed sensor erractic/high
AJS Regal Raptor cranks but won't run
Doors unlocking themselves after being locked for hours. Mitsubishi Verada
Wheel offset effect on performance
How to add Fog Lamps to Maruthi Suzuki Alto 800
Washing shop clothes with lots of motor oil on them
Why not have drive chains instead of drive (serpentine) belts?
Torque spec variance with Anti-Seize
Fuel efficiency and volumetric efficiency
Car explosion during compression
Hyundai Getz roof antenna mount broke
Synchromesh, Helical gear design
Can shaft journals ever lose lubing against bearings?
Can an old car engine be used outside of a car?
Brakes smoke on driver side, but only after non-level terrain
Rim/tire two wrongs make a right?
Why my bike shows petrol missing before 2000 RPM in all gears?
Engine sounds like it's in 4th gear while it's in 5th gear, the revs stays normal
What exactly is a "burnt valve" and what causes it?
Suggestions for replacing/upgrading exhaust/silencer for a 125cc Motorbike
Why does an engine's idle RPMs take time to settle from a cold start?
What causes an engine idle to increase briefly?
Dodge Journey Crew GPS activation
Can't get my riding mower to start, Craftsman LT1000
Ford Focus TDCI (2003) chokes at red lights
ESP warning light on
What to Look for When Buying a Rebuilt Engine
Converting Cylinder Compression Specs to Inches of Vacuum
Is there really such a thing as a skeleton key?
Is there a way to know that window film is what it's advertised?
How to find the cause of sudden high fuel consumption of a motorbike?
Outside of a total repaint, can anything be done about clearcoat rot?
Portable generator starter problem
installing car radio - cords issue
Brakes sticking in front [2010 Chrysler Town & Country]
Equipping tire pump with pressure gauge
How to find out my car's specs?
Explanation of phrase relating to tyre tread depth
Can a blend door be easily fixed/replaced in a Ford Escape Hybrid 2006? Also, passenger side airbag removal?
Car jerks when stopped in traffic
Sealing a roof leak
Hard to start in the summer
Misfiring plugs
Craftsman lawn mower won't move
Which convenience features in a car affects fuel economy?
2005 Suzuki Katana stalls when put in gear
Puddle under passenger side of car/ A/C blowing hot air
Does using the entire rev range of a car damage it?
1987 Yamaha fz700 handlebar lock
What causes too much fuel for my Briggs and Stratton engine?
AC Honda DX Civic 95 not cooling button for recirc AIR unlit
Slight vibration while idling
My mechanic asks me to press the clutch pedal while starting engine during winter
Kawasaki H2R flames come out of exhaust system
megane 2 2005 (55 plate UK) issues starting
Why do manufacturers use different bolt types on cylinder heads?
Removing material scraped onto car paintwork from plastic wingmirror
Are Boxer Engines Easy to Work On?
Transmission knocking and coolant bubbling?
Cleaning blowby with Seafoam
High beam bulbs burnt out?
Replacing stereo in 92 Ford Explorer
Fishtailed so easily? Bad tires? ABS?
How to test timing chain/belt assembly before sealing engine closed?
2006 Infiniti G35 - Blown engine following Kwik Kar engine flush
Can you replace only the rubber in 2008 Jetta (Mk5) wipers?
Gasoline and Temperature
Which areas of a car is most susceptible to rock chips?
2001 toyota corolla electric window goes up half way then pushes outward and stops
Is it difficult to retrofit Air Conditioning?
How to verify if a oil pan needs to be replaced
Infamous WRX/XT overheating problem
Does limiting the use of a vehicle's turbocharger improve fuel economy?
turn-sensitive road noise
Oil all over outside of engine
Rotor removal help
Is cylinder leak down test needed if compression test results are fine?
Subaru Forester Power Tailgate won't open
2002 Ford Escape creaky steering (correlates to AC)?
Engine Mounts issue can be caused by replacing Alternator?
Why don't thermostats have a sensor?
How can I keep the windshield frame in place?
Can a "handy" person remove and replace the rear spoiler on a 2004 Toyota 4runner
Grating Sound coming from beneath Jeep
Can't get gas in my truck
Why do valve lifters get stuck? How come they unstick by themselves?
Cadillac CTS 2007 3.6 oil consumption
Rumbling sound from brakes in Lexus
Brake fluid leak after recent brake line replacement
Leaving '08 Civic sitting for a few months
94 Camry Le shut off going down the road; cranks only after cooled, then shuts off again
What damage does a car suffer if not regularly used?
Second battery for Android Stereo
Preventing Car Theft by Removing Fuses
Gas pedal suddenly not giving power to my car
When to get an alignment
Can windshield wiper arms be shortened or lengthened?
No sound to single speaker, even after replacing the speaker
What are the names of each window on a typical non-commercial vehicle?
2007 Hyosung GT250R not starting, some repairs have been made
Air conditioning compressor
Non-interference engine explanation animation/Videos?
Access to Piaggio MP3 engine
MX5 lost power after spark plug change
Be van with problem at higher altitudes
What is a stress riser?
Getting information from manufacturing code on Exide car battery
Do Compression Rings and Oil Ring Wear at the Same Rate?
Seized brake caliper following brake pad & disc replacement - what could be wrong?
2006 Pontiac g6 rough idle and intermittent spongy brake and starting issue
04 Tahoe "Engine Coolant Hot" message
Replacing the power steering hose(s)
synthetic oil change frequency
A/C now blowing hot air
Handbrake not engaging on hills
Renault kangoo 1.4 2006 has no power
Is the knock an early sign of Dual Mass Flywheel problem. Main dealer says acceptable noise?
Is it safe to overload the roof rails?
2003 Chevy Cavalier (manual trani) stalls when coming to a stop after the car warms up
2008 2AZ-FE rougher, throatier idle; and growl on heavy accel out of sharp turn
What is an acceptable amount of up/down play in a distributor shaft?
Should I worry about buying this bike?
Which cars are more comfortable?
Electronics not working after trying to replace stereo
Excursion SuperDuty Cannot Calibrate Speedometer
How to clean cylinder head and engine block contact surface before gasket change?
How Many Partial Oil Transmission Fluid Changes Until Clean
Wheel and tire clearance to trailer chassis
Should I lap my valves if I have easy access?
Manual Transmission Grinding Occasionally Shifting Into Fifth
How Difficult / Expensive is it to Swap An Automatic Transmission?
How to Detect a Bad Transmission When Buying a High Mileage Vehicle
Live scan tool for OBD 1.5 GM transitional?
Lugging vs stalling an engine
Security Relearn for 2006 Chevy Aveo
Safe engine braking in automatic cars
Car slides on painted lines
Octane rating of fats and oils versus diesel fuel
what happens to a car that hasn't been driven for 3years?
Alternator voltage range
Tire Vibration from right rear tire at high speeds
Crackling/popping when wheels move at slow speed (e.g., rolling forward in drive)
2006 Solstice - CEL, no DTC, won't crank
1998 Ford E150 Van - Implementing Power Doors and Windows
Can this tire sidewall damage be repaired or should I replace the tire?
Should the spare tyre be periodically replaced?
Rear Mazda 3 tyres wearing from the inside
Engine revs to 4000 RPM without pressing gas pedal
1999 Mazda 626 Auto Transmission Starts in 2nd, wont shift past 3rd
How does brake-by-wire exactly work?
Steering suddenly has become very loose
DIY carbon-fiber parts layup
How to clean engine when oil is contaminated with metal shards?
Brake fluid gone, rear brakes out. '99 pathfinder
2010 jonway scooter won't start
Why are intake valves dirtier than exhaust?
Jumping car with too many amps?
How to prevent the windows from sticking to the rubber seal?
Dashboard Warping
Determine age of timing belt on a 2003 Honda Accord before purchase
Ford Sync MyTouch Weather
1999 Eurovan fumes in cabin
When to Use a Timing Set with a Needle Thrust Bearing?
Torn tire tread and sidewall on Subaru Impreza
Should I care about valve order or are they interchangeable?
97 thunderbird brakes
brake pedal staying down. Then ok after a few days being stood
Red vs black vs grey RTV - what's in a color?
What is this pump-type nut fastener called and where is it useful?
Do I need to change these struts?
Fluid Leak Near The Power Steering Pump
Acceptable amount of slack in a timing chain with high mileage?
Yamaha fz700 handlebar bent
Saab 9-5 has problems starting
How do you test analogue electrical circuits?
Old, oily, wet gasoline. What to do with it?
What does valve lapping compound actually do?
Lapping valves with a drill
Honda Oydesssy wont start
'08 Impala Front power locks don't work properly in hot weather
2006 Honda Odyssey: input radio security code with broken buttons?
Pressing on gas and brake at the same time by mistake - How harmful is it to the gearbox?
Are CO2 emissions proportional to MPG figures?
2006 Nissan Maxima transmission
VW Passat 2.8 4motion b5 - Lack of Acceleration
2002 Honda Civic not starting
Implications of a Leaking Power Steering Pump
How much does it cost to fix headlights and window up/down button?
Honda FIT GP1 HYBRID 2011 knock
Do you really need to cool down your turbo after hard driving?
What Power Steering Fluid to use with a 99 Nissan Almera?
Correct AC Compressor for '04 Dodge stratus SE 2.7L 6cyl
2011 Jetta rear brake drum removal
What does D-3 light mean and why did it randomly illuminate?
Modern cars and diesel warm-up time
Old immobiliser playing up, won't add new transponders
I drove my car about 1 km before realising that I didn't release the handbrake. Will this cause any big problems to my car?
Options for removing broken lug nut?
turn signal blinks wrong direction
Retrofit Ford 460 For Fuel Injection
Reverse Gear Doesn't Work Anymore on an Automatic
Valve lapping and lubrication
I have had wheel alignment and balancing several times, still my car is shaking
Screeching noise when attempting to start car
Hissing sound near brake pedal, stops on brake pedal press
Second hand car - Engine/Tyres/Etc
Key Card Battery Low message after replacing battery
Found a lizard in my car, I have not driven it for 20 or more days
How come I can put in more gas in the tank than possible?
AC clutch engages but still no cold air
How to remove a stuck oil plug?
1993 Mercedes 300e should there be movement in my power streering pulley?
My car is running very poorly when I start my 1994 Buick Century
How to diagnose a bad stator?
Clunking sound?
Is it better for car's longeviety in cold climate or hot climate
Honda Civic 2014 EX Block Heater
Do A/C Hoses Go Bad in Other Ways than Leaking?
How critical is a Serpentine belt replacement and is it worth $400
How does a clutch work?
how does rack and pinion manage to move each wheel alone
Why does my front wheel rotor is heating up more than rear one?
Play in the steering wheel when driving slowly over a bump in a turn
Replacing Starter Relay on Honda Accord 2003
High Beams work, Low beams don't, But . .
What is the proper term for this hose line from the fuel tank?
Valve reassembly
Consequences of cracked metal bumper
Oil Pressure Sensor Leak
2003 Yukon 5.3 with 278,000
Paint black bumper in white
On start up car shakes, steering and braking are very HARD on 2006 Nissan Maxima
Dust in gasoline
JLO Rockwell 2F600
2011 Chevy Traverse alternator problems
Car body cleaning is a tedious job
2000 Chevrolet Silverado - Clicking Noise From Front Differential
Remove Transmission Oil Pan Stuck Bolt
Do I need to paint my bumper?
Mustang 95 hand brake and abs problem lights on
Should starter pinion be greased?
1995 VM Jetta/Vento - ECU pinout for my car
VW Golf 2001 Mk4 Diesel ASR Engine Problem
Mileage varies by driving at different speeds
Checking a fuel pressure regulator that is out of the car
If there is a vacuum leak, after you shut off engine, there should be no assisted braking immediately
Scratch front bumper white car
Is there a source assessing repairability of motorbikes and cars?
Why do hybrids still use mechanical transmission?
My 2009 Pontiac Vibe makes a screeching noise at startup but stops after it starts up
Early rotor warping on newer 11 Lexus GS350
Smokey A/C from 07 Toyota Camry XLE
Do I have to change the chaincase lubricant when adjusting the clutch during routine maintenance? 2015 HD Road King
Strange sound started all of a sudden from front part of the car
Why does the power output peak and then drop as engine speed increases?
Jeep JK Clutch vs Slave Cylinder
Torque curve on modern turbo-charged petrol engines
What causes my Mustang to buck when I let off the gas at a high RPM?
Trim repair on a 2003 Ford Focus
1995 Geo Tracker - Shifting Issues
Effects of driving through deep water WITHOUT hydrolocking (car still bogged down and died)
Identifying specs of speaker from Chrysler Concorde
Evaporator canister purge system advice needed
What Do I Use for a Thrust Plate After Double Roller Timing Chain Swap
Dash Lights and Headlight Angle Adjust Stop Working
Compatibility with automatic transmissions between MDMA and M4TA Honda CRV 98
How long does items in the engine last in general for standard size cars?
Mazda 323 2003 astina radiator fan not working
(Video) Very Loud Hissing/Spraying Noise, Transmission?
How do you normally screw/unscrew bolts on the type of belt pulleys that has 3-4 bolts?
Wrangler JK transfer box options
VW Golf IV Possible Engine Misfire
Which is least likely to cause twisting off of rusted bolts? Impact gun or breaker bar
ok still not working right 95 Geo Tracker clutch
2001 Elantra keeps throwing the same check engine light code
Where can I find a reference for Honda part numbers?
Headlights on my Mazda truck aren't working
How to find the diameter of an automobile inner tube
1999 Ford Expedition 5.4 sparkplug/ignition coil replacement
1999 Ford Expedition 4x4 5.4 front cracking noise
What is Zongshen ZS125ST Carburetor 24mm KF Standard of Japan compatible with?
Is it reasonable to charge the customer $1000+ to assemble the top of the engine?
Honda Civic 2000 DX, Check Engine Light Becomes On but Does Not Give OBD Code
Since when is CAN bus mandatory for new vehicles?
5th gear slipping of 5th gear at 3000 revs, but not into neutral
Crossover amp selection question
Differences between Honda front grille part numbers
oil change indicator on after oil change 2004 colorado
AC leak best solution
When to Use a Sleeve 'N' Seal?
Starting a Lexus that has been sitting and has a good battery
Where is the engine temperature sensor located on a Mazda 323?
what engine came in 2007 chevrolet avalanche LTZ?
Engine run-on (dieseling) condition suddenly getting much worse
1.6 Petrol engine overheats intermittently
Unable to connect OBD2 scan tool
Multiple dashboard messages on my 2004 Volvo S80
A/C shuts off periodically; switch off and back on and will work again
Fuel pipe on 2014 Accord
Timing Sprocket Marks Disagree with Distributor for TDC
What are the advantages of electric and hydraulic power steering?
Will I damage my heated rear windscreen if I leave it on?
Volkswagen Jetta 2006 front right door window stopped working
Honda Accord 2006 back right door lock got stuck
What kind of air compressor do I need for a proper auto body point job?
What is the Fuel Tank Ventilation Valve?
How do automatic wipers work and how can they fail?
Reliability of water test for valve seal
What could this water leak be under my car?
What are the different types of disc brakes
Effects of leaky exhaust valves
Does wheelspinning damage my car?
severe tire shake at highway speeds under acceleration
Interpreting AC Delco's manufacturing date for car batteries
How to get mold smell out of car - 07 Ford Mustang GT
Engine jerking and revving, multiple failed ignition coils
Minor grinding noise and vibration when car is idle
Replacing the Faceplate on an after-factory Alpine stereo
How critical is it to match the stock fuel pressure regulator pressure when replacing it?
1990 Nissan TRX headlights and Tail Lights
Repeated rear bearing hub assembly failure
Minimum RPM at idle speed
Noise and vibration when car is moving
My steering wheel wobbles between 60 - 80 mph
Install Air Conditioning in the car that does not have air conditioning build in
Can't unlock the driver's side door with the key
Should I pull up the handbrake as high as it will go when parked?
I get a blast of hot air during stop start driving. What could cause this?
A/C does not cool when speeding more than 100kmph
After replacing A/C Schrader valve and O-Ring, Do I need just refrigerant?
A relatively new tire question
Are valve guides normally reusable?
What is brake imbalance? How can I fix it?
Sputtering and jerking while driving
Car won't start, dies after jump
Broken 2009 Town and Country power sliding door
AC alternates between blowing hot and cold in hot weather
Motor oil going into the radiator and reservoir- Chrysler 300
Can a tow truck tow you and your trailer?
How to Determine If front Brakes Do All the Work?
Subaru forester electric window motor - part identification
How do I finish my DIY, single-stage paint job to a gloss?
What is choppy throttle response and bad fuel mapping and can it be fixed?
2009 Kia Rio - Potential Misfiring?
How to Track Down an Electrical Short
Residue lapping compound in valve shafts
Why would I paint my car engine?
Idle drop in 1991 Buick Park Avenue
Transmission replacement and changing gear ratios
Water leaking into frame case/engine?
After long journeys, gear slips in 5th, but not into neutral
Lights works when car turns on but won't start when I turn the keys. Would it be the starter?
x3 bmw latest model has a diesel knock, opened the top one piston not reaching tdc
How does a torque converter work?
Motorbike Lack of power/speed
What would cause the cam carriers to shatter on my BMW 3 Series (2011)
Roof paint peeling badly, with rust -- what to do?
How can torque converters fail?
Why is this motorcycle burning oil, and how can I get it to stop?
What is the pin layout / labels of this oil gauge?
Reprogramming a Magneti Marelli Microplex MED604C
Dodge Stratus 2000 shaking at idle after timing belt replacement
Are there plugs for sale that are used to plug unused (thin) vacuum lines?
Brake cleaner vs carb cleaner vs throttle-body cleaner
What is this lever?
What is that sound?
Why is my Chevy 2008 Cobalt not acting as though it's getting enough fuel and reading "cylinder 4 misfire?"
Burn marks near SOME exhaust valves inside heads
Key won't turn to off position on 2010 Chevy Aveo
Do valves rotate over time?
Trouble with lights on truck, using dc-dc converter & flasher unit
Hyundai Tucson died while driving; will not start
linking a phone to a car via OBD-II and Bluetooth: Automatic (1st gen) in Europe
Will an inspection done by a certified mechanic reveal any and all damage done to a car that has been in a previous accident?
Fluctuating amp meter on 1948 automobile
caliper leaking...
Clunking Sound in 2008 Chevrolet Malibu
Citroen C4 Grand Picasso 2007 Multi Function Screen C failed
Shortblock vs Longblock
Necessity of draining gas for a vehicle that has been sitting for 2-3 years
How much amperage is an average car battery?
Mystery wiring harness underneath the gearshift on a 2004 Ford Focus
I have a small 196cc 6.5 horse power engine
Can a vehicle be harmed with bad inputs via an OBD-2 port?
BMW 320d es auto engine size
Cleaning Oil Siphon Tube with Brake Cleaner? (Is brake cleaner oil-safe?)
Car wont turn over after trying to get it out of snow
Honda Civic 1997 steering fluid leak
Do cowl hoods actually help with engine cooling?
2006 Pontiac Solstice - Wipers turn on by themselves
Is It Harmful to Have a Small Gap at the Bottom of Trunk Weatherstrip?
1995 Mercury Sable 3.8l - 2300rpm at Starting Of Engine but Will Not Fall Below 1500rpms
Car shuts off right after cooling fan turns on
Why is American Toyota cars design different from European Toyota cars?
For 2 identical car models, 1 being cabriolet, which consumes less fuel?
How to remove engine cooling fan from a W169 Mercedes A-Class
Clutch pulls in too easy after reassebling the clutch basket, what did I did wrong?
different tire ratios
What's the difference between a Compounding, Finishing, Buffing, and Polishing pad?
Car pulls to right when letting go of accelerator?
CRC field calculation for CAN 2.0 B
How to measure angle when ratcheting a bolt?
Honda Jazz 51 Electronics Won't Come On
How can I turn my rear window into a one-way mirror?
Removing the smog pump on an 84 Ranger
Run-flat tires vs. fix-a-flat?
What happens if you keep starting the car for too long?
How to measure torque statically?
Cooling the ignition coil
Will using a higher speed rated tire do anything for the car?
Removing stripe or decal glue from exterior paint
Do any generic OBD tools provide re-keying OBD Key?
Better instructions how to use a micrometer
What is this thing behind my oilpan and is it bad that it's cracked?
Can hooking up jumper cables incorrectly damage the electrical system of the receiving vehicle?
Gauging valve lashes with shuffled set of lifters
Gasket sealant with exhaust manifold
What can dry or get damaged in a car after idle time?
Machine turns off randomly and won't start after staying off for a while
honda accord 1997 2.2L timing belt
Burn through old gas or mix it?
What is the difference between a MAP and a MAF sensor
Change calipers on both sides?
Recommended rotor disc combination for Ranger truck. Normal usage
Wiper fluid sprayer no longer works on Nissan Sunny 1997. Could it be a blown fuse?
How easy is it to overfill transmission fluid?
Could too much transmission fluid cause problems?
STEAM coming from under the hood?
Cheap repair of hole in car paint
I recently jump started my 2004 pontiac grand prix gtp that has a Pioneer model fh-x700bt stereo. It now doesn't work. what could be wrong?
Air Conditioning not cold on 2011 Honda civic
Push start a car with automatic transmission
Ignition Switch vs. Ignition Lock Cylinder
05 jeep wrangler rear sway bar connection is broken
sludge in radiator after shaving head 2005 Hyyndai Elantra manual transmission
Wheel bearing noise?
Toyota Camry 2005 automatic gears won't engage
Adding a key to Nissan NATS system
Effects of Dirty Piston Heads and Intake Valves
Popping Sound when A/C is on - 2009 Kia Rio
Integrating Fast OBD Readings and GPS
Ford Explorer Weak Air Flow Defrost/Air Conditioning
Muddy bass on my 2014 Honda Accord Coupe w/7 speaker system
How long will a 12V vehicle battery last if vehicle not used?
How often to change oil if vehicle gets under 1500 miles per year?
VW T4: Which spare bulbs do I need to carry with me?
What does it feel like to drive an unloaded RWD Japanese pickup truck in the wet?
Music stops playing when pressing the clutch down
vauxhall corsa 2003 no power
Reboring a cylinder: compression ratio of new piston
How Much Liquid Can I Put In My Cylinders Safely?
Battery terminal connection issue
Is vibration for a new clutch job normal?
Is it dangerous not having air conditioning cabin filter?
Milky Oil in the radiator - Mazda 323
Damage from the Brief No Oil Pressure after Oil Change on Start Up
oil in my radiator
BMW 320i Gearbox lubricant replacement
Strange steering problem
Acceleration problem, but only immediately after stopping
How does FWD moves rear wheels without skidding
mazda mx5 or toyota mr2?
Parking a motorcycle with hot engine
Putting a Different bumper on my car
Quick Oil Change place overfilled my BMW Z3
Maruti Suzuki Swift Check Engine Light On And Engine Coolant Temperature Needle stay at 'C'
Does draining a battery typically leave it in a state that it won't take a charge?
Building a custom car
After five years in garage diesel car wouldn't start, what should be done?
Ford Ka 2006 revving on it's own
Hauling a motorcycle cross country — more or less wrong ways to do it.
How do I find the manifold absolute pressure sensor on a 1998Honda Accord
Automatic: revs dropping then stalling when stopped at lights
I have a car drive-train question.
Shifter(auto) stuck in park and override won't work
'95 Chevy Blazer suddenly refuses to start
A/C Compressor not turning on?
Inconsistent warm engine tick sound in 2013 F-150
Is it necessary to maintain antifreeze to water ratio?
1999 GMC Safari Shocks
Motorcycle transmission occasionally pops out of gear
Having starter issue
Dealer can't program new ECU for 2001 Mercury Cougar because of transmission type
Timing chain cycle vs. sprocket marker position
Why use a 12-cylinder engine over a 8-cylinder engine
Mechanic says lock is nonfunctional from broken power window?
Disconnecting negative battery terminal
How to find model year of this Honda Shadow bike 'NC34-1002157'?
O2 code and cat efficiency code
High idle, not shifting gears - 1995 Mercury Mystique
MG Rover Immobiliser removal
What damages may I have caused draining oil by filter?
Why is lugging hard on connecting rods?
Fuse box above battery melting
Is vacuum line still necessary with manual locking hubs on an F350?
Extra door seal mod
2015 VW Golf TSI Standard accelerating automatically
Engine Running Fast in Park
How much gasoline fuel to keep in tank of low use vehicle
Hatchback vs sedan snow performance
Remote Key Fob working only inside the car (close to receiver)
Do I have battery or engine problems?
Ford Fiesta Light Metallic Blue Scratch Repair
Ford TDCi 1.6: more performance in cold weather
How often to start/drive a vehicle to keep it healthy?
How do I remove my Parrot MKI9200?
My transmission is coming out of gear just as I get going
Unknown red wiring harness near cooling fan area on a Ford Focus 2004
Speedometer stop working on My Opel corsa C 2006
Clutch gone on my Leon Cupra after less than 2 months of ownership
Does tyre pressure affect road noise?
Can I run on 7 cylinders if I shut the injector to that cylinder off?
How to make ride less bouncy?
Automotive electrical question
what does the highend OBD2 scanner offer?
Would waiting a few weeks to replace pads and rotors have damaged calipers?
Oldsmobile Stalling at Stop
How to dispose of battery terminal clean up leftovers?
Would ethanol-free gasoline avoid damage related to low usage?
kraftsman lawn mower runs for 10 minutes, sputters and dies
Needle Going Wild in Engine Vacuum Test
what vehicle disk brake diameter 220 mm tickness 10 mm
How do modern engines differ than older ones
Should a tire with cracks along the outer perimeter of the sidewall be replaced?
07 Toyota Sienna Heater takes 20 mins to blow hot
Proper fuel type for Toyota Prius 2011
2000 mustang 3.8l v6 smog pump issues
golf mk1 1990 clutch problem
Central lock intermittently working
Changing Freeze Plugs on a Mazda 626
Mazda 626 with Unknown Coolant Leak
Honda Accord 1997 - Steam coming from small part of radiator, leaking coolant
2011 Ford Focus 1.6 (UK) stalling often
Engine oil found in the radiator - how did it get there?
The Ford Emission Control System light remains steady
How to learn motorcycle maintenance theory
How are some manufacturers or retailers able to sell for so much more, while others sell for less?
2006 Altima slow to shift into 4th when running cold
Do valve cover gaskets need to be replaced every time you reopen the valve cover?
2000 Toyota Celica GT stalls with acceleration few minutes after starting
Why do LED running lights turn off while the turn signal is blinking?
What are some signs my transmission is having problems?
Cracked & frayed wire everywhere!
What are the implications of driving through flood water when I have a high air intake?
Car door unlocks and motor can be started via remote when I don't want it to. How do I prevent this?
What could be the result of this missing o-ring?
98 Park Avenue Windows won't work
Why do most mass-production motorcycles have their intakes facing backwards?
Diagnosing Vehicle Brake Lamp Fuse Blowing; What to test next?
Clamping two 2" exhaust pipes together
Oil level increase and in few days drops to nothing
Six to Eight Engine Swap 1968 Mustang, what parts are required
Is the Ice Bear scooter 600cc engine made by Honda?
Is it safe to lower the S550 (2015+) Mustang by 1" in the northeast US?
Does stalling damage my car?
Why not use gasoline on diesel engines or vice versa?
How do variable-length intake manifolds work?
What is the difference between CAN-C and CAN-IHS buses?
Peugeot 207 depollution fault
56 Passat 2.0 Tdi dull humming noise somewhere behind driver seat?
Assembly lube or engine oil when reassembling cylinder heads
voltage regulator overcharging?
Transmission Fluid Leaking from AC Condenser. Can I replace it myself and drive it to shop to do the before & after work?
RPM problem (car is jerking)
Oiling lawn mower air filters
How to close the re-circulation flap?
Removing oil stains from the driveway?
Should I replace the AC's expansion valve?
Codes like P0171, P0101
Should I let air out of my tires?
Headlights come on by themselves
Car declared a total loss, what do I do?
2015 hawk 250cc enduro motorcycle
Washing Engine Bay / Underside From Oil / Dirt
Low beams won't work
How can I estimate CO2 emissions for a vehicle travel distance
Is it OK to not fix a power steering rack leak?
2002 Dodge Stratus loses all electric power after jump starting and running a few minutes
Nissan vanette, low beams not working, high beams are! New relay wires still no change? It's a 1998
Will any starter relay / solenoid do? For my motorcycle
My clutch cable has been stretched and since tightened to fix it. Should I replace it?
What is the 2000 civic SIR coolant temperature sensor thread size?
2014 Subaru Forrester AC Compressor clutch noise, slippage
My temperature gauge slowly goes to top then car dies
Repair broken light connector on Volvo 240
Which Engine is more powerful?
Why the wasted spark in four-stroke motors?
Rack and pinion replacement alternatives
Wheel bearing grease quantity
Can I install a beeping transponder in my Toyota corolla
new starter in 74 pontiac with 350 turns over and fires but won't stay running
Does Max Power RPM Equal Max FE?
oil spots on Air Filter
2004 Nissan Altima with new alternator won't accelerate, but will rev in neutral. No power in car.
96 honda accord wont start
How can I determine if it is more cost effective to run premium fuel in my car?
What does an EXUP servo and subsequently EXUP eliminator plug actually do?
My BMW X5 won't stay running
When should I perform a valve head adjustment?
Failing starter motor - why does whacking it help?
Sticking Injector or dead CIS?
Does electrode size/shape matter?
Headlights- One Side Low Beam, Other side High Beam
Hyundai Elantra 2001 wont start. Hear sound from the top of the engine when I turn the key on
Rain tyres for motorcyles
Audio noise when laptop connected to power inverter and the car's 3.5mm audio jack
Determine Tire Age
'00 Honda CBR929RR - Unknown issue, help!
GF4A-EL Transmission Flush
Daughter's 2005 Nissan Sentra 1.8 SE - No Low Beams - High Beams Fine
Why did front rotors and brake pads have to be replaced after one year?
Who decides Idle engine rpm and how?
What do you do with dielectric grease on spark plugs?
replacing wheel studs on a 92 Buick century
Wipers come on in the off position
Symptoms of valve adjustment necessity
Intermittently loss power steering on low RPM
2004 Ford Explorer accelerates too quickly from idle
timing belt 96 honda accord vtec
Error MIL: off Spark ignition
fuel tank always be full at 90%
Which is better, Power to Weight Ratio or Horsepower
How to Remove Baked On Gaskets
GSF400 Bandit carburetor model or type,
2002 Dodge Ram 1500 overheating
noise at idle after replacing new clutch
Removing catalytic converters on a 2000 v6 Mustang?
Formula For Homebrew Gasket Remover
How brake vacuum booster works?
Tyre Pressure monitoring system
Honda Civic Touring 2014 - can use R16 instead of R17
Portable jumpstart kits: why aren't regular car batteries this small?
Does resting your foot on the clutch wear it out?
Can I fit parking sensors on the front of my car?
Car is slow to start, shakes occasionally, and smells hot... but runs fine?
How to find source of power steering fluid leak?
TVS Apache RTR 160 - What Grade Engine Oil Should I Use?
How can one find a trustworthy mechanic?
What to do when accidentally overfilled a car battery
2009 Volvo S40 sudden thump
How to activate Aux on Japanese Honda Fit 2009 Gathers VXH-093 cvi?
Honda Shadow VT750 louder exhaust noise, low power
Can I take the front rotors and put them in the back
Does fire damage the electrics of a vehicle?
1999 Yamaha 80hp Outboard Electrical Problem (Rectifier Overheating)
2007 Hyundai Sonata Automatic Key Won't Turn
Oil resistant marker for timing chain positioning
What vehicle does this ancient ignition coil fit?
After Replacing EGR valve and tube: repeat of code P0401 for 98 Accord V6
Why such a large difference between car stereo & speaker power?
Part 2. dodge overheating
Paint thinner/magic marker smell coming from AC
Can you change HP by adjusting valves?
What is the purpose of a smog block-off plate?
Rust on Brake Calipers
Low idle and tacho twitching after electrical cut out
2000 mazda 626 v6
toyota altezza cutting and maintenance
Are low-impedance fuel injectors just a placebo?
2005 Mini Cooper manual transmission stuck in between gears
Battery Light Won't Go Off Since Changing Battery
Why do engines run badly below the normal idle speed?
How do the bore and stroke affect the characteristics of an engine?
Chrysler Town and Country Van Door
How does a lightbulb with two filaments know which one to light up?
Small engine starts then stops
How does the choke on my mower work?
2004 Honda Civic, No Start, No Power, Key Light Previous Trip, Possible Spark Plug?
Spark plug blown out of engine in one cylinder, twice.
How does push starting damage the catalytic converter?
Is it safe to charge two batteries off of one alternator?
Difference between mineral engine oil and synthetic engine oil
Metalwork: How can I maintain a curve during the planishing process?
Is it bad if gasket maker gets into bolt holes?
Why do cars allow you to shift from Reverse to Neutral/Drive without brakes?
2000 mustang v6 engine swap?
2000 mustang v6 3.8l tapping noise camshaft sychronizer bearing or timing chain?
Why is the symptom of a bad camshaft position actuator hard-shifting?
Brake Lights Won't go On, Tail Lights Won't go Off
I lost one of my Toyota axio 2015 smart keys. How can I create a duplicate using the other key?
Wind Shield Wiper not working
30K recommended service for honda civic 2013
Occasional Crunch/Grinding noise when shifting into first gear at speed
How to re-start Sentra after 6-yrs storage?
ODB2 Fuel Level 2004 Chrysler Town & Country
Drive cycle on 2001 Saab 95 with codes P1312 & P1110
How to repair cut/ripped convertible soft top?
Car can't start after rocker gasket change
Skoda Fabia - reverse parking sensors not working?
Electric car charging - what types of chargers are used, and how many of each?
The coolant is boiling when I shut off engine
Ticking in the engine
Safe Way to Remove Engine Mount Support?
Oil pressure low on an 84 Ranger
Bolt reaches end of hole but threads don't grip
Car radio stopped working
2005 toyota tundra double cab special edition - rear axle seal replacement
Will an auxiliary battery hurt a vehicle's alternator?
Rough Low Idle and Engine Shakes, Hesitation and Lack of Power
2007 chevy cobalt reduced engine power
How to properly add engine oil?
How to dispose of engine coolant?
Cars 101: How is torque conveyed from transmission to differential?
Ford has proper fuel pressure and spark but won't start
Timing belt changed, won't start
What is a rod knock?
2008 vti refuses to start.what should I do?
How to remove this gear from this pump and motor?
What are the original tires for the 2002 Honda Accord SE? Any place for me to check?
adaptor for 1994 Mazda B2300 P/U
Golf mk4 climate control show speed instead of outside temperature
Installing a new water pump - what to do about the gasket?
Can I use Dexron III H for power transmission requiring Dexron IID/III?
Is it important to fix paint deterioration?
Information from an EEC-IV on 92 Ford F150
99 Jetta - ":Three Tones and Flashing Brake Light
First time brake job - can't get new pads into the brackets
Is it a good idea to top off the gasoline with higher octane fuel in a specific case?
Spring vs worm gear clamps?
2000 Kawasaki Vulcan Vulcan 800 Throttle Cuts at High Speeds (85mph+)
What is OSHA/NIOSH?
Brake pad failure and chewed up rotor after 1 month
What does it mean when manufacturers state two cars are of same platform
Steam out of exhaust after complete engine rebuild
Dodge Caravan headlights; 1 on with running lights, other on with headlights
Air Impact Wrench vs Air Ratchet Wrench
Can dry rot be prevented for long term storage?
Does "bumping" up and down a kerb damage my car?
Impact vs. Regular Sockets
Corolla 2009: I would like to fix my front spoiler myself
My overflow is bubbling or boiling but my car isnt overheating
Is it recommended/necessary to wear rubber gloves while replacing a car battery?
Does hitting the exhaust on bumps (Bottoming Out) damage my car?
How much should it cost to change to brake fluid on a ford fiesta 2012 Hatch
Could a vacuum valve be responsible for a P1110 code on 2001 Saab 9-5 2.3T with check engine light on?
Downshifting to a stop- wear and tear?
Steering wheel doesnt return to center in peugeot 108
Advice for buying used car
Is it bad to drive slow at low rpms in 4th or 5th gear? Do you get better gas mileage?
Will putting new subs and amp in car drain my battery
Coolant boils over but temp gauge registers normal
Mazda 3 wont start
Automatic A/C recirculation problem
Installing an aftermaret cd player Peugeot 307 2003
How can you change a pressed wheel bearing without a hydraulic press?
2006 Hyundai Santa Fe stalls in the rain
How to unblock washer jets?
Not using antifreeze in warm climates
2011 Hyosung GT250R - Stalls and Stutters at Lights
Vibration at idle, much worse after warm
My aqua/prius c came without a auto side mirror closing/opening option when locking/unlocking the car. How to install that option?
Sound insulation material for an old car? Foamed underlayment vs rock wool
Will using the AC accelerate refrigeration loss due to a leak?
98 Toyota 4Runner headlights turning on without truck on
Should overflow tank be filled when replacing coolant?
What are swirl flaps?
Defective connection between radiator fan relay and ignition?
Do greasable ball joints tend to last longer than sealed ones if they're regularly greased?
How much vehicle life is added by rebuilding cylinder heads?
Rattling sound and loss of power
A way to tell if mechanic used synthetic or organic oil?
Should I be worried about bumper reinforcement condition after being rear ended?
Merdeces stalls after 30sec-1min, and battery warning light is on
Requirements to use 55W Bi-xenon 6000k projector on yamaha r15 v 2.0
Toyota Avensis '99 - engine performance problem
CanBus - monitoring
99 Jetta transmission trouble
Is there a way to guage when a 2015 Honda Civic reaches its normal coolant operating temperature?
What is a 20OE Wiper Blade?
Why do they called motor bike instead of engine bike?
Car Stereo and separate clock keep resetting when car is turned off
Spongy brakes after brake pad swap - moisture or bubbles?
Is it possible to tell if brake fluid needs to be flushed just by looking at it?
my honda civic 2007 won't start
What makes a good oil filter good?
Excessive Vibrations in Drive when holding down the brakes
Can a valve suddenly break in half? Versys 650 destroyed engine
Where are ECUs and for which tasks are they used?
can big sub woofer be a problem for car cng cylinder
DPF (Diesel Particulate Filter) and Turbo: Golf TDI Bluemotion(hybrid)
Reversed the battery terminals - What damage have I done?
Testing a used car: steering is not 100% light
Car won't start, lights and electronics flicker
Starting using a deep-cycle battery
Car won't start, possibly due to ants in batteries
Can I jumpstart a non-hybrid car from a hybrid or full electric car?
Ticking or clicking when accelerating
Does shifting gears at 10000 rpm damage my car?
Half of my cylinders aren't firing. Is it safe to move my car to a garage (~30km)?
Car won't start with a perfect new battery
How to cleanup disk brake rust rings
How can I increase the ride height of my vehicle?
Is it bad to shift into reverse while still moving forwards?
where to buy the tool for this special hex nut?
Will power-steering while stationary cause greater tire and steering wear?
What happen if an engine is welded directly to frame (no mounts)?
Kawasaki EX650 - What causes a stator to burn out?
2012 Chrysler T&C - Exterior mirror questions
Subaru Forester XT 2002 driver power window malfunctioning
2006 Nissan Altima brake and battery dash lights
Viable replacements for lead-acid batteries?
Can trouble codes P2138 & P2279 be related for a 2005 Honda Pilot?
Chiptuning for a car with DPF (Diesel Particulate Filter) is a bad idea?
Volvo S80 II 2.4 D5 DPF (Diesel Particulate Filter) regeneration conditions
2001 Toyota Sienna LE P0330 Error
Motorcycle Headlight Dies After Engine Start
How can I make my metal pedals less slippery when wet?
What is the howling noise from the roof bars when driving at speed?
Why does a petrol engine need to maintain an air-fuel ratio, while a diesel engine doesn't?
New engine and clutch, have weird vibration @3K RPM
What is the simplest way to replace a Subaru front power window motor?
How long can I keep motor oil for before it needs to get put in the car or thrown out?
What can we reliably tell from an in-vehicle battery voltage display?
ECU replacing procedures
99 honda civic motor issues
How is barometric pressure related to emissions testing?
What OBD II protocol does the 2004 Ford Explorer use?
Tuning an ancient carbureted Honda motorcycle
What is the car's sound?
Paying a mechanic to replace a blown engine for a used one - should he be responsible for changing gaskets?
Can I replace the halogen H1 55w headlight bulbs on Peugeot 307 with decent LEDs?
How to repair assist handle on 2015 Toyota Avalon
How does the coolant disappear?
Help finding diagnostic software?
Why do engines get louder with age?
Whistling noise from rear door
How many liters of oil do you use for servicing?
2003 Jeep Liberty 3.7 v6 misfire
How to calculate fuel consumption?
Car won't start - replaced alternator - didn't help
Wiring Harness / Fuse Panel Repair
What is the effect of adding more cylinders to an engine design?
High speed steering & wheel vibration
Why is cold-start fuel mixture enrichment necessary?
2006 Pontiac Montana
Fuel gauge not accurate
Cleaning the gas cap to rule out that tightness is the cause of the "check engine" light
Replace 2009 Cobalt LNF Fuel Tank Pressure Sensor and Shroud
How hot does an exhaust manifold get?
Why is there a hissing noise when I open my petrol cap?
Wiring both reverse sensors & camera on reverse light - Short circuit threat?
How to get in fourth gear
Pontiac Sunfire mysteriously won't start
2001 Infiniti QX4 rough idle - leaking fuel damper vacuum port
Paint is cracking and showing lines, like dried mud
Best way to remove broken bolt from intake manifold (broke nearly flush)?
Toyota Sienna 2005 ignition switch issue?
Car shaking when braking
2004 ford taurus - screeching sound when attempting to start the car
HVAC blowing out of defroster and floor
I have a 1999 chevy blazer back wheel getting hot
All warning lights came on, the odometer did not.
1993 Merc 300SE always stalling soon after startup, fuel pressure tests > 50psi
how do I fix a cracked cylinder head
Mercedes Benz- Atego truck indicator lamp not working
can running just water ruin my water pump
Ford Escort overheats when switching FROM highway TO city driving
Does using heat in the car SAVE gas?
What repairs can a garage do without asking for permission if the car is in for MOT and service?
Plugs: One side dirty, one side clean?
2002 Stratus doesn't crank when key turned (radio is also off)
How do parking brakes acting on disc brakes work?
Mechanic says that I must change tires with him before he will rotate them. Why?
Loud clicking noise
Can a performance air filter cause a car to burn oil?
Can a crimped or improperly-routed turbo oil return line cause smoke?
Why does my 2012 Honda Fit's engine oil quickly get dark but my ~2009 Ford Edge's oil seems to stay quite clear?
High beams always on, except when lights off
Fresh battery, no lights on 1979 Honda CB125
John Deere LX 266 lawn tractor engine dies
2001 honda civic with starter hesitation
How do disk brake pistons retract?
SAAB 9-5 wagon throws P1549 Code (Boost control valve)
Transmission not responsive - Dodge Durango 2001 slt 4.7
What is "Long Gearing"?
Does revving a car when cold make it warm up faster?
What CAN'T the check engine light tell you?
Utility trailer lights issue
Coolant light is on even after topping off
Erratic Oil pressure in a 2005 Chev 2500HD with 6 litre gas engine
How to become a self-taught amateur mechanic?
Why the different the colors of terminal corrosion on the battery?
Car won't start until days later
engine light is blinking now
BMW radiator problems
03 Pontiac Grand Am won't start
2002 4Runner - Smell of fuel by drivers side
How to simulate that automatic-engine stop feature?
My 1992 Volvo 940 Turbo won't Accelerate
Loosening stuck power steering hoses
ATV engine does not start well
Changed alternator in '05 Altima, now it won't start
Drive no longer works on my Chrysler 300
Low-side and high-side pressures lower than expected after AC repair
Would a non-turbo diesel perform better in high altitudes than a comparable gasoline engine?
Diagnosis: Gasoline leak
How would a bad barometric reading affect gas mileage?
Does it cause wear on a clutch if it's partially engaged, but in neutral?
What car has a hood badge with T in an Elipse with a slash through it?
I drove with my Parking Brake on for 30 mins: should I be worried?
Switched battery terminals when installing, 2008 Chevy Cobalt
Weird charging issue
Does 5w-20 synthetic engine oil provide better resistance to heat than 0w-20 synthetic engine oil?
How do I flush out bad smells in my air conditioning?
Headlight sealant?
Oil on radiator cap what could be the cause for that?
2003 Tarago with Headunit 16069 want to change language from japanese to english
What's the best alternative to carnauba wax for coating a winshield under extreme heat conditions?
Power Steering Only Works on Left Turns
Which is the best / most reliable car automatic gearbox technology for frequent climb mountain
1995 Yamaha virago 535 Fuel pump problem
Manual Transmission- Can bad shifting destroy transmission
Is there any protective sealant or bladder within a motorcycle tank?
How can one calculate volumetric efficiency without a MAF sensor?
New oval car speakers.Which size?
2009 Kia Rio Radio seems to not be able to get a signal (no sound)
Does Ford SYNC 2 resolve unresponsivness issues?
Remove alternator before cleaning
1983 Mercedes Diesel - Loses Power Over Time
Hesitation in RPM drop when shifting manual transmission, 2007 Mazda6
Hybrid auto vs convential car ...longetivity?
Toyota Corolla won't start without fiddling with the central locking first
Steering feels vague, especially when going over bumps (Mk1 Golf/Rabbit)
Is starting with my automatic transmission in Neutral a good idea?
Pioneer Navigation Setup video playback
What does it mean when soot is coming out of my exhaust?
Are recommended tire pressures the same for non-stock tires?
my timing belt is broken and top dead centers (TDC) are off
How does AP Racing differential bore brake master cylinder work?
ECU signals to CAN bus
Noise from gearbox since new brake pads and discs
Running cables from rear camera and parking sensors to car front in a Honda Fit 2015
Hiace 1996 ignition/motor problems
Automatic - Cold engine uses tons of gas to move
Rough idle while warming up, goes away after a tiny rev
Which cars have noise cancelling installed to reduce rolling and engine noise?
What is causing vibration on my 2001 Miata LS track car?
Loud High-Pitched brake squeal
Brown splotchy stains on my tires
HuiFei Android HeadUp Unit not shutting down completely, ACC and CONST wires mixed up?
Car Battery problem: The car did not start
Gearbox impact of skipping gears driving downwards
Transmission sometimes downshifts forcefully with a clunk when I let off the gas 2003 Dodge Grand Caravan
Why are VW recalling their cars to remove a defeat device?
Will driving through puddles do any damage to my car?
Running in oil a for light diesel engine (Japanese, Toyota 3L)?
Big motorcycles at stop lights; why do they keep blipping the throttle?
Is it ok to start the car with my GPS, cell phone, etc. plugged into the 12V port?
How to check spark plugs on a Yamaha R6
Where is Cadillac CTS 2007 3.6 OBD2 connector?
Mazda 626 Won't Start
Coil Spring Load and Ride Quality
Oil leaking, bad valve cover?
What is the drive cycle for OBD-II equipped GM vehicles?
2006 Chevy 2500hd 6.0 gas. Brakes need help!
06 Pontiac Torrent 3.8L V-6 temp gauge stopped working and cooling fans started running constantly when engine is running
1998 Saturn SL starting issue: no crank, no sound
Will Driving 100 Miles With a Misfire Damage My Car?
Interpreting ABS/DSC fault code
95 Honda Del Sol Si manual won't go into gear when idle > 1000 rpm
Problems with starting my Motorcycle
Highest Fan Speed on AC/Heater Blower no longer works.
Car doesn't start, cranked at first but now it doesn't
2007 Ford Focus wagon
Is a tire with exposed wire safe to drive on?
1998 Galant not starting, has no thermostat
How do I find out what the Series number is on my Briggs and Stratton Engine?
electric windows broken
2013 Honda Civic battery hold down bracket plastic cap wont come off
Why should I clean bug and bird debris off my car?
My 2011 Equinox check engine light came on. I had it coded - read P0013
Should I be concerned about a very slow leak in a patched tire?
Brake squeal when driving up a slope or turning right
Can a conventional car be used to charge an electric car?
Impact of cigarette lighter ports on car battery
White Powder Forming on Battery Hold Down Bracket
Starter or Electrical?
Intermittent CEL, several codes
Does the alternator have to be a Bosch?
Steering wheel shakes at around 80 mph
Trans case on 1999 Dodge Ram noise
Honda Civic hybrid won't start
Diesel Engine Power
Can I use DOT 4 brake fluid when DOT 4+ is recommended?
Is my new car engine damaged?
Ac on 2006 jeep liberty
Low-pitched buzzing/droning sound at highway speeds
Bent winter allow wheels, repair myself with rubber mallet?
Engine oil going into the coolant
How can I empirically evaluate the condition of my used motor oil at home?
How can I listen for a tire noise without driving?
Radio volume slowly decreases to silent
I damaged 1 rim. Should I replace 2 rims?
What is this recall for my Vauxhall/Opel Zafira heating?
Car engine dies when I am not pressing the Gas
Is a valve stem and valve guide oil seal replacement on my 4.0 Ford possible?
2014 Mazda 3 Audio with Android phone through USB
Why does my clutch "bounce"?
Can I disregard the sticker on my sparewheel?
The car won't start the battery is new, there's not even a click sound
Is there a tyre pressure gauge that is easy to use?
Honda City vTec Slow Start
After putting on new winter tires, my steering is weak/light
How can you command a vehicle's odometer to calculate the remaining distance?
Hyosung GT250R Leaking petrol
What does paint failure look like?
6L90 Transmission swap
Replacing a single tire
Is there a key code with my Kawasaki
Car won't unlock with remote and won't start? Toyota Camry 1999
power window relay Pontiac Grandville 1971
Electric power steering column noise
Blocked water flow in engine?
Bolt pattern equivalency reference
Engine noise / rattle when clutch is fully pressed [BMW 320d e46, manual]
Suzuki vl 250 wont start
my 2003 Santa Fe won't turn over but has full power
Air / Fuel Ratio Problems relation to Fuel Trims
Tire damage from mounting/unmounting, normal?
Why do high-end electric cars have mechanical brakes?
Is OBD-II a universal standard?
My car has problems starting, but the dealership checked the battery and said it was fine
Car radio cuts out the car will not start
Measuring Horse Power and torque without a dynamometer
positive ground / neg. ground
Low rpm when gas is pumped
How do I find out the proper torque number that I need to apply to an oil filter?
Can I use my 1/2 inch torque wrench with smaller sockets?
Fuel Economy Gauge Modification
Will songs in subdirectory play on CD MP3 player in cars?
What is this ticking noise while pulling away?
OBD2 to USB Cable for Windows 10
Electronic key won't open car unless I open with key first
Should I apply anti-seize to the back of brake rotors?
Hand brake up and you drive new car
New starter overstarting
Does the checkengine light clear itself on it's own or require manual clearning?
Do car manufacturers provide specific make/model/year information for each diagnostic-trouble-code?
Effective way to clean inside of windshield?
2002 Ford F350 Superduty 7.3L Turbo diesel using a quart of oil every 43 miles
Honda Civic Hybrid 2010 oil life indicator
Naturally Aspirated to Turbocharged
Fuel consumption at same speed of different engine
As a consumer, can you buy the "OEM service manual" for your car direct from the manufacturer?
Why Does a Cracked or Loose Distributor Cap Cause Problems?
Do I NEED block heaters for winter?
1968 VW Beetle Steering Shaft/Box Slip
1996 Honda Civic won't start
Honda Accord 1998
What pitfalls are there when buying an old car with low milage?
accidentally placed oil in the atf reservoir in a BMW 520d. How do I fix it?
What is the State of the Ignition Pin of a Vehicle?
No radiator fluid in resevoir
Multimedia system fuse detach
Odd Dashboard Cluster and Control Behavior
2000 Yamaha R1 Quick Action Throttle
1996 Rav4 not warming up properly when driving and heat not hot
Can I use Turbo Diesel oil in my Petrol car?
2009 Toyota Camry's brand new OEM power window master switch won't control the drivers window
How does the thermostat work?
Fixing vibrations caused by replacing springs?
How to diagnose BMW MOST bus fiber optic for a break in the loop
Should I repair before selling?
my car fuel consuption is very high!
Should I leave the license plate screws in while the car is unplated?
Misfire on 2000 Subaru 2.5 diagnosis problem
Why does my 2016 Mustang GT Manual jolt/thud when I shift?
Auxiliary Shaft Sprocket
Why would my odometer reset to the same mileage whenever I turn off the ignition?
2010 Volvo S80 - Cabin HVAC system schematics
Question about Ryobi P261 Impact Wrench Torque
Is there any problem with jack a car from its side?
Engine oil reducing almost to half
ford mondeo v6 st24
Does using an impact wrench instead of a breaker bar prevent damaging to nuts or bolts?
2000 Toyota Sienna Rear Blinker Assembly Clips Broke Off any idea how to fix clips.? and where to get clips..?
Winter is here, what measures should be taken to protect a motorcycle?
2000 Chrysler LHS coolant tank is giving off a bubbling sound when I park the car.
Are inverters bad for your car?
I need to replace the female part that a headlight bulb fits into
Near stalling shake at slow turns
Car doesn't like ceramic brake pads
I have changed my Kia Carens tire size
tire bubble on audi
How to conduct an at-home winter safety check?
Does a corroded starter drain battery?
Brake light connector drops to 0v when bulb is in, 12v without bulb
Mondeo MK3 power consumption and damaged radio
Unable to move in first and second gear in VW Polo
Sidewall has gashes, should I replace?
2002 Honda CRV Suddenly Throwing Multiple Codes and then a Dead Battery
Rear end Differential - rebuild or replace with used?
Does intermittent starting difficulty indicate alternator or starter?
Does towing an automatic transmision car in neutal with engine not running will damage it?
Read error codes without scanner on Pontiac G6
ABS (Anti-lock Breaking System) light turns on in hot weather?
2005 Honda Accord 4cyl low idle and stalling when warm
Do Distributor Caps need Regular Replacement?
When reconnecting a battery, why connect the positive first?
Any open-source OBD scanner analysis tools?
What are the properties of a car painted using electrostatic coating?
Empty Radiator with no leaks
2003 Pontiac Grand Am Wont Start
What is making a noise under my steering wheel when car is not moving?
1999 T&C Low-beam Headlight Replacement
2003 Honda CRV oil leaks
After brake bleed, pedal goes to floor
How do you remove a stubbornly stuck rear hub on a 1993 Honda fourtrax 300?
Why are most motorcycles 5 speed than 6 speed?
Citroen C2 Alternator
Glue to repair sliced door rubber molding seal?
I almost stalled and my oil light came on
Front of the car(sedan) hitting speed bumps when approached at right angle
2008 Ford escape hybrid blend door actuator
White smoke is coming from my engine. how do i find out what it is?
Lexus IS 2007, wont start, electrical issues noticed.
Need to source PD-pump for small engine dyno school project
Sources for a used Positive Displacement pump
Wire front camera+sensors+display on SINGLE Ignition switched 12V wire
Fiat 500 (2010) airbag replace - crash sensor help
2011 Mini Cooper R56 Hardtop Sparkplug Gap
Shop replaced engine, blew about six weeks later
What is overboost?
High beam failure on Toyota Corolla 2010
Lapping Valves - Using Water as Test Medium
Aircon doesn't cool when car is stationary
Studder first starting
Frequent spark plug change
How Often Should A Camshaft Sensor Switch From Low to High?
2002 Mitsubishi Galant - Squeaking and starting problems
Mazda 323 F is losing power when driving?
Is there a fuse that will turn off with a delay after turning off car?
Two cable connectors under each car seat - what are they for?
Electronic disaster after replacing water pump and alternator on a 2008 Scion?
Setting Polling Interval on a Elm327 adaptor
1996 Ford Explorer Speedometer and Shifting issues, O/D light flashing
What is the Lovell Factor?
Where can I find out the colour for the alloys of a Nissan Micra K12 sport+ 2005?
Headlight troubleshooting, where do I start?
What's is this part?
1997 Honda Odyssey - How do I know if the valves are still good after both the timing belts broke?
How often does my engine check fuel octane?
Filled oil with 10L - the car now has problems with the engine cutting out or badly vibrating the car
Very slight arcing of good spark plug wires
2 Volts on Car Battery
How can I tell if I would benefit from higher octane fuel?
Clio 2001 stereo question
Why does my brake pedal go to the floor when i start the truck up?
Should I avoid full throttle when driving with a cold engine?
Accord 2002 SE Temperature gauge
2006 Honda Odyssey sliding door stuck at *top*
my ute wont start
Ford KA won't start
1980 Chrysler LeBaron Failed Emissions Test
Have a 2000 Jeep XJ Cherokee Sport with Electrical issues
Changed front brake pads on 06 GMC Z71, then the master cylinder and brake booster failed
How to connect a 11-pin flasher relay so that turn signal dash indicator lamps work?
Transmission Grinds only in second gear - Need Assistance
Resolved: Idle RPMs fluctuate and engine hesitation
2010 Mini Cooper S - Coolant leak from thermostat housing
Disconnect cable and hose from cabin 1996 Toyota Rav4
How can I change the sound of my tires?
How to wire trailer brake to 2014 Ford Focus ST
Does a 2010 volkswagen jetta 2.5 have a timming belt or timing chain or both
what damage or extra wear (if any) is caused by turning over the engine while in gear (manual transmission)?
Mounting front license plate?
2014 Nissan Pathfinder decreasing fuel economy
Replace 2003 Highlander engine w/Avalon or Camry?
Tire depth is 4, is it safe to drive?
All 4 tyres for Santro Xing 145/70/ R17 can be used instead of original 155/70/R17 tyre size
How to choose Car Tyre Pressure Monitor Valve Stem Cap Sensor Indicator
How to glue foam panel to painted metal (underside of car hood)
2005 Dodge Caravan - Erratic Misfire
How involved (crazy) is it to lift my Pontiac a couple of inches?
Car screams after 14-day non-use upon start-up
Neutral Gear Significance during slight downhills in Auto Transmission
E46 rough idle with coolant light on
Citroen C4 - Poor idle and low rev performance?
Snow Blower Break In Smell
Interpreting Cylinder Compression Readings
What compressor type does 2010 Lexus RX450h use
Can 100% calculated load be reached in neutral?
How Many Times to Crank During a Compression Test
Winter tyre sizing
When breaking in a diesel - treat it gently or drive it?
How do I stop my shock spring from rubbing?
loss of gauges on a 2003 Ford Escape
Sticking While Rotating Crankshaft By Hand
How much should I replace in a motor swap? (Plymouth 440)
How to stop car steaming up?
What precautions should I take when using snow chains?
Jiffy lube put too much oil in my car
Charging a spare car battery with my car
Locating Special Tools for Auto Free Hub Removal
Terminator 2 1990 Harley Davidson Fatboy FLSTF technical information
Yamaha Virago XV125 registration year
Why are taillights usually colored red?
How do you program the keyless entry remote for a 2012 Chevy Malibu
Where is positive and negative terminals under hood of 2006 Volvo S60?
03 chevy impala trasmission will not go forward nor backwards
Is it good to start your car up until the engine temperature gets to the middle?
How to remove front forks on motorcycle
Can a Crank sensor cause fuel pump failure?
Can there be 2 fuel pumps in a petrol car?
Replacing Spark Plug with Laser Iridium NGK Spark Plug
Cold weather and gas smell
Moped dies when trying to give gas after filling up gas tank
How to Reset AirBag codes without expensive scanner?
My low beams don't work
This drip is causing my 2000 HONDA CRV to overheat
Disable the alarm on a 2001 Audi A6
How Does a Stuck Purge Solenoid Cause Problems
Car will not start Sometimes?
Handling voltage range mismatch between electric oil pressure gauge and pressure sensor
chevrolet, Impala 2012, 3.6 LS
My battery light came on, can I still drive?
charge socket on a Fuel Cell car
Banging sounds coming in front of my car
Will mixing Dexron VI with another transmission fluid damage the transmission?
Chevrolet 6L90 transmission interchange
ECM replacement - starter runs during reprogramming?
Causes of Premature Alternator Failure
2002 Ford F-150 idle problem
Should fuel pump noise be changing according to electrical load and RPM?
2015 Toyota RAV4 service manual
Increase of RPM meter after reaching my destination
My Ignition Timing is Retarded, no seriously, it's really screwed up
Car stored for 6 months shows low oil level after 300 miles
RAV4 speedometer sometimes stops at 0, sometimes (less often) works perfectly
1994 Honda Accord EX (F22B1) - Valves still making a ticking noise
Should I inflate tires that are low pressure from freezing weather?
What is rev matching, and how do you do it correctly?
'Re-Timing' my Engine after timing belt removal
Have I caused engine damage by cranking it backwards?
Single-cylinder engine - no camshaft position sensor?
Why does my gear-shift lever seem to freeze in position sometimes?
Is there such a thing as a "drive tire"?
Kia with no power
Mercedes veto Exhaust
Broken Spark Plug removal
Is there a way to clean air getting in the cabin?
Motorcycle front brake's are weak
Should I give a little throttle after my car starts?
Can I retrofit heated side mirrors if it wasn't an option with the car?
My car won't start. Nothing happens
Vauxhall Corsa heating problems
Toyota Avalon 2006 headlight low beam height adjustment
Rotor replacement on 2010 Honda Accord w/ 170k mi!
Where (and what?) are the fuses in Renault Megane Grande Scenic?
Possible Fuel pump damage
A strange rattling only when accelerating from 0 in cold weather
Will mixing multiple types of automatic transmission fluid in a power steering system cause problems?
Starting 6 HP outboard with cordless drill/driver
Android App for ELM 327 that allows to reset codes for Cadillac CTS
How can I fix my cracked radiator temporary for a trip? Is there any way to do it?
Consequences of failing to replace bad struts and sway bar bushings
How do I get rid of spiders inside my car?
Help with six cylinder out of a trailblazer.05 into a 06
Is it dangerous to drive with partially torn control arm bushings?
on 1989 f350, after turning ignition on to crank position, turn key to off and remove key, starter continues to crank . what is sticking?
Ford KA Car stereo reset after battery removed, requiring security code
Afraid to crank engine - how can I tell if my cylinders are flooded with water?
Antifreeze in my engine, and now it's making a ticking noise
Ford Focus with error code P242F (DPF failure)
BMW E90: Coming Home automatically on darkness
Low beam not working in headlight
how do I crank a remanufactured engine for the first time?
judging oxygen sensor quality
Low beams are acting weird
How to calculate the amount of consumed gas?
03 Chevy Suburban Fuel Pump Failure
2006 Honda Civic, Automatic, Weak Start-up
Is manual start/stop good on older cars?
Is it normal for the car to vibrate on the BITE when no gas is given in a manual transmission?
Problem with wipers on 1993 Ford F150 302 v8 5.0 liter
Honda CR-V 2001 window winding fault
brakes have been bled still go to floor
Finding a constant and non constant power wire in a car
Parking Light on 1990 Volvo 240 Not Working,
1995 Ford Thunderbird
Power Brake Booster Removal
A/C Temporarily Cures Low, Hiccupping Idle
Lawn tractor won't start
How do I check if I have bad fuel in my car?
2012 Audi Failed Smog - Will Dealer Repair for Free?
How do I test fuses with a circuit tester?
02 Mustang GT 4.6
'06 Ford Focus Central Locking Failure
While in Drive, transmission failed to engage after stopping at light
Burning a lot of oil. Need tips to reduce!
How can you tell when rusted metal brake lines should be changed?
Ford Bronco doesn't drive right after front end work
How would I go about becoming a mechanic?
How do electric car transmission systems work?
Is a water-logged brake booster salvageable?
Constant drain on battery solution
How to tell if timing belt is due to be changed by visual inspection?
On a non-interference engine, do you have to replace the timing belt?
Is there another name for an alternator spacer block?
2015 Audi w/ Lane Assist The steering wheel sticks around center while driving on the free way
What actually happens when the engine approaches redline and the rev-limiter is reached?
Formula to calculate emission rates
2006 Chevrolet Equinox warm heat blowing
Audi A4 (B8) safe to drive with vacuum leak?
Ford ikon 1.8 nxt diesel - Starting problem
What car would I need to buy (secondhand) to replace my currently wrecked BMW 318i motor?
Auto Trans gear selector does not engage ANYTHING?
Conequences and remedies of a cam seal leak
charging battery bank with two vastly different batteries
Can driving long distances cause motor mounts to crack?
I have a 2000 Suzuki Grand Vitara 5 Speed Ticking noise
While raising the accelerator suddenly my bike's speed goes down
Does anybody know what this is?
Is there is a way to repair the paint as the new car?
Paint light scratches repair
problem changing gear volkswagen polo 2001
2008 Opel Zafira possible windscreen leak
Vibration when at idle and in gear
2007 Acura RDX (base) key wont turn to LOCK (0) position
Why don't wipers clean the entire windshield
Bad exhaust leak or valve interference after HG change?
What does my serpentine belt run?
2005 Honda Accord coupe low beam not working
What is the theory behind rpm and torque?
What is this in my 5.4 triton?
Check engine light 2005 Toyota Corolla
Received frames from vehicles with multiple ECU chips
Motorcycle petcock leaking around bolts to tank
Leaking gas tank from rust - needs sealed. What materials should I use and how should I do it?
What gauge wire should I use for adding USB ports to my car?
2001 Rover 25 Overheating
How do cigarette lighter splitters work?
What is happens to the brakes when an automatic drives below the speed for 1st gear with no added gas?
2010 Subaru Legacy weird bolt holding stereo
What is the year of my Mercedes C220 car? [UK]
Does putting vehicle in neutral at slope cause clutch plate spoilage?
Hard cold starts only
Engine surges when depress accelerator past a certain point
I put oil in the coolant by mistake in Chrysler 300c Hemi
Should I leave my wheels straight when I park my car?
Can I stick speakers to the parcel shelf without drilling or making holes?
White smoke coming from hood in cold weather at a stop light? [2003 Ford Taurus SE, Vulcan Engine]
2006 Scion Tc Base - lots of vibration and bad smell from exhaust
Interference vs non-interference engines
Detect engine stumble or hesitation
Honda Unicorn skids every time I use the rear brakes only
OBD II power when key not in ignition
Door lock cover on Toyota Highlander
RPM problem Ford 2009 Crown Vic
1997 Honda Accord F22B2 - Electrical Issue After Cylinder Head Repair
I just found out that my muffler wasn't even connected. I was driving it around lots is that bad?
1998 Chevy Blazer - Headlights not getting power on one side
Temperature gauge stays in middle even when engine overheats
Coolant disappears from coolant reservoir but no leak observed
Can a faulty gearbox cause a clutch to wear?
Differences between pullrod and pushrod suspensions - Pro's and Con's
Engine not functioning properly at idle (cold or hot), during driving, slow acceleration, does not increase speed
ALS (anti lag system) - What are the various types of ALS systems used on forced induction vehicles?
What could be causing the rapid loss of tyre pressure?
Should I change one spark plug and wire or all of them?
Is it necessary to change the leads when changing spark plugs?
Lexus RCF - Torque Vectoring Differential, How Does it Work?
OBD-II reader has power but shows nothing
2004 Tahoe Conking, Glub Glub Glub
Does the Toyota Prius stop if driven off without the key inside?
What is the area in front of a car where brand logo is held called?
What are these two rubber-ended attachments used for in a compression tester kit?
Is there a car black box to help solve the mystery of Sudden Unintended Acceleration?
Different Battery Voltage
Do I need to replace clutch kit when refitting engine
Honda CB400 Super-Four - Power Issue
Transmission Fluid Change - High Mileage Vehicle
Subaru Legacy cam belt change
What non-driver, non-terrain factors can affect vehicle miles per gallon?
2011 Infiniti G37 - Throttle Response Issue
1993 toyota 4Runner - White Smoke from under hood and neon yellow liquid leaking from somewhere
Automatic Transmission - Reverse Flush, what is this procedure and why is it dangerous?
Load on bed of pickup for extended period of time
Driving on bad wheel bearing 04 F-150
Rotor Replaced and MY Car is only 3 years old
Coolant type for 1977 Diesel
Undercarriage corrosion when move away from states with snow
What would go into a tranny swap on a modern vehicle
Power Steering Failure - caused by cold? which fluid?
Calculate car battery life using OBD parameters
2003 Honda Accord - Intermittent no start/no crank
Dealer put on a different tire than the rest, is this bad?
What is the Seller Registration Number on a Bill of Sale?
2015 Honda Fit iVTEC - Shifted into 2nd Gear at Highway Speeds
1980 Civic hatchback clutch won't engage but gears are felt
Motorcycle Starting Issue - no longer starting after attempting to jump with a car battery
How to check if bad spark plug threads are causing compression loss
My brand new car is shaking while steering wheel is not
Carrying a bicylce on a Saab 9-5
2002 Nissin Altima 2.5SL - repair/replace a fuel level sensor function-slosh
2014 dodge avenger - Brake Squealing and Grinding Sounds, Front and Rear
2001 Jeep Grand Cherokee - What is Involved With Replacing the Negative Battery Cable?
Why is antifreeze mixture not as stated?
A foul odor inside vehicle, like something is dead inside vehicle (Toyota Camry 2002), especially when car is not running
Rough idle when AC is on
15 ppm of CO levels inside car
additech fuel additives - good idea or not?
Brake pedal has "dead zone" in the middle of travel
Ideal Coolant Temprature for BMW F20 116i
Central locking disabled using coin
Tire Pressure Adjustments When Needed
Getting MIL on a Dodge Grand Caravan 2012 without an OBD device
Will this panel fit a C4 for possible onboard PC upgrade?
Brakes knock and make springing sounds shortly after starting to drive
Is there a way to search music in a 2005 BMW 320D Touring
Water underneath floor carpet - Mazda Protégé 2002
2003 Honda Accord Vibration and noise in engine
Can a universal catalytic converter be legally fitted to my Prius in California?
How to trigger an idle throttle position re-learn?
74 Corvette with slight pop in exhaust
Do I follow the same recommended tire pressure when I change to nitrogen filled tires?
What is the "dollar bill" test?
What are the effects of excessive oil changes on an oil pump? (read description)
What would be better for an engine driving at 60mph or 70mph? I wish to get the most miles out of my engine?
1968 Beetle Front Shocks (Koni)
1980s motorcycles and engine size: still good performance?
When jump-starting a car, won't there be a huge back current into the dead battery?
1968 Beetle How to adjust adjustable beam
oil level on dipstick
Car leaks oil when driving, Oil from exhaust pipe
Engine continues to spin after putting in neutral
Toyota Camry 2003 drive seat won't move forward
Fuel consumption is bad
Using regular unleaded gasoline in a Lexus RX330
Letting Off Gas Forces Open Loop
Calculate tyre pressure of a car from OBD parameters
Does haveing multiple layers of tint make sense?
Car won't reach operating temperature
Oil pressure and fuel pressure formula
Can steering be electrically controlled?
How can I tell if I have bad cats?
Inaccurate fuel gauge
Honda Civic 2004 - Airbag Error code
Intermittent no start and no crank on Mazda 323 2000 AT
1988 Jeep Wrangler - How do I do a DIY alignment?
2001 VW Jetta 1.8T oil light on, but oil level is full
Is a chuffing sound from a 1999 Saab 9-3 sign of an exhaust leak?
Mist coming out vent and water leaking under dash
Is there such as thing as acoustic windshield tint/film?
Is the Chevrolet TPI batch fire injection?
Replace Yamaha FZ6 radiator for two smaller ones
What controls O2 sensor/lambda cycling?
I just patch my tire what's next
What's involved in getting a piston engine to spin the other way?
Hyundai Santa Fe - Engine Oil Pressure Valve
2006 Jeep Commander - heat problems
94 Dodge Ram starts and runs shortly, then shuts down; first happened while driving
Fuel Consumption Paradox
Determining active gear from OBD2 for Ford Fiesta
Diesel Engine Runaway - What is it?
Car battery appears good but car won't start
How is Dodge Spark Advance Controlled by the PCM if there is a Distributor?
Chrysler Voyager 1997 - How to run defrost without automatic switch on the AC?
Jeep stalls a lot has trouble idling after battery pulled for a long time?
Keeping track of removed screws?
Who gets title if you sell a frame and an engine separately
KTM Duke 390 - Does it have to be hot to ride?
1995 Ford F-250 - Starter continues to run until the batteries are dead
Relation Between RPM and Spark Advance
2005 4 cyl Ford Escape
1987 Dodge D150 High Idle and Dieseling
93 chevy c1500 4.3L electric window moves freely
Oil overfill problem/oil foaming
Audi A6 C6 on board computer is off
Do additives within oil separate?
Strange loud noise coming out of my VW passat 2008 fsi
VW Polo (2015) user manual
Why is a volume test necessary when diagnosing fuel delivery problems?
replace heat-loosened tie rod parts?
Diesel engine suddenly doesn't start and returns to normal without aparent reason
VWAG TSI engines and intercooler
CO, NOx, HC plot with AFR Table
Toyota Highlander 2015 rattle sound at (cold) start
How do I pull error codes from my Kawasaki motorcycle?
I'm planning to buy a 2nd hand car, how do I know if a car won't give me headaches in the future?
Can I charge a 12V car battery with a 16V 1.5A adapter?
Does E85 fuel increase oil consumption?
Filling gouge on oil sealing surface in aluminum engine block
Disconnect seat switch to disable airbag?
2009 Aprilia RSV1000 - Piggy Back ECU, Should I get one?
Will an old engine have worse fuel efficiency than a new engine?
Ford Focus engine cuts out at 3000+ RPM
Citroen C4 Picasso - Whining noise when turning steering wheel
What is the expected lifetime and failure mode of lead acid battery?
1996 ford courier 2.6 petrol duel cab
VW Bora V6 2005 - Sump Replacement Question
2008 Mazda 6i - Do I Need to Flash the BCM?
Can I Mount auxiliary lights for Hero Honda Passion 2002 bike?
Clutch failure symptoms
Why would a lambda sensor fail?
Wheel removal solutions
Is white powder on the battery terminals harmful?
Is pre-heating a modern engine worth it?
Windshield scratch prevention
Can I buy a used car to learn auto repair & DIY?
Suddenly losing electrical power, but after jump start, test the battery and alternator, they seem fine
How can I test my thermostat?
2002 VW GTI 1.8T - O2 sensor fault code only when exceeding 70mph
Plugged tire, should I patch it if it holds air or I'm ok?
How does seat belt allow movement at slow speed but disallow at high speed?
Top speed of my Bajaj Pulsar 135 is decreased after changing Clutch plate
Can hydraulic power steering be damaged if fully turning the steering wheel to the left or to the right?
Is it common to fail engaging first gear or a manual transmission car occasionally?
Golf 4 water loss
What do you use to clean oil off of drive belt
Why do many hybrids have little or no trailer towing capacity?
Can diesel engine be harmed as easily as gasoline engine by over-revving?
One tire worn 1mm more, what are the chances of an alignment problem?
Do I need to eliminate old gas before changing fuel injectors?
Why is there no drop-in biogasoline like there is drop-in biodiesel (e.g. NEXBTL)?
Trouble Shooting Lawn Tractor Starter Engine
1978 Ford 302 is using a lot of water
What is causing a clacking knocking like sound on my toyota camry 1999
Sharp whining noise coming from rear of the car
How do seat belt pretensioners work?
Replace the brake servo at 51k?
Why no exhaust gas turbine generator in hybrid vehicles?
How to Improve My Diagnostic Process
When stopping, should I put the transmission in neutral?
Why do heavy vehicles almost always use diesel engines?
Why vehicles use fuel and how can fuel economy be improved?
Lacing spoked motorcycle rims
Why do old motorcycle engines rev so slowly?
Snap on flashlight lockout mode
I just replaced my CV Axle and the now the brakes are making scary noises
Battery Explosion - What are the reasons a battery would explode?
Wheel Positioning - Camber and Toe
What is needed to put a stereo into a Silverado?
Turning off Toyota Yaris ABS system
Valve Adjustment - 1975 Harley Davidson Ironhead
How do I get to the top bolt on the starter of my 1997 Saturn SL1?
Motionless car with tire spinning on ice causes burning rubber smell?
Yiben YB50QT 50cc Scooter - Carburetor Component Identification Question
Expose Car Hardware information
What senses/controls how much fuel is spent for a given RPM?
Saying its running hot but full of coolant and not over heating
2010 Grand Caravan smoke coming from the hood
Drivetrain sounds like rustling leaves above 4k RPMs
Non-functional gas pedal, engine stalling, dead battery: broken alternator?
What does "clutch grabs hard" mean?
2003 honda accord battery light
How do lambda sensors work?
Transmission damage due to uneven tread wear on AWD vehicle
Scatter Camshafts - What are they and why do I want one?
What is the difference between DOT4 and DOT5 brake fluid?
03 chevy impala- I have a bad misfire
My 94 Toyota 4runner doesn't seem to gain speed even while I'm flooring the gas pedal...whats the issue and how can I fix it?
Why don't all diesel engines have throttle plates?
What is DEF and how is it used?
Engine temperature low when it's cold outside
Why did Ducati decide to use the desmodromic valve train rather than a more tradition valve train?
Can snowblowers auger belt weaken or is this just wet snow
Frozen windshield wiper fluid on road trip
Does overheating that goes away under high RPMs indicate a sticky thermostat?
A lot of smoke coming from exhaust after oil change (mixed old with new oil)
2009 Chevy Malibu key programming failed
jeep compass 2012 with 4wd locker on, only one rear wheel spins
Removing a car battery - order of wires explanation
What to Check When Replacing Struts
Why do the batteries on some cars need to be hot-swapped?
97 Honda Accord won't start after head gasket replacement
What can I do with an Inline Spark Tester?
What is valve float and how does it impact engines?
Where can I check if my vehicle has a manufacturers recall for a defect?
What makes a worn car shock spongy and soft?
Snowblower - 2 cycle oil without stabilizer
How can I determine my HVAC layout?
New fuel pump and spark plugs but gas pedal still not responding
Will increasing line pressure increase torque capacity?
RPM drop when coming to a stop in neutral, Civic 06
2007 Ford Explorer - No Start, No sound, No power
Burning Rubber while driving and after
Engine idle surging on startup & sputters during acceleration
Rhythmic clunking sound somehow connected to the thermostat I just had replaced
Is my gas pedal long enough to enable heel-and-toe shifting?
Socket wrench turns loose on top of spark plug
1996 Ford E350 Club Wagon - Brake pedal will not return
Vauxhall Corsa 1.3 CDTI Thermostat replacement?
Battery and Alternator Pass Test - 2003 Mustang GT
2007 Hyundai Elantra - Car beep when I lock the door no longer working
How does one use a chain press to remove a motorcycle chain?
RPMs jump to 2500 when clutch is disengaged or transmission put in neutral
Car won't start but battery is new
Gasoline grade manufacturer recommends vs what was used during testing
Why Have More Than One IAC Type Device On an Engine?
Multiple issues with AUX input (Mazda 3 2007)
Should I avoid hard braking when I've changed my discs and pads?
What should one do to reduce the HP lost at the wheels on an automatic transmission?
2000 Vw passat 1.8l oil is in radiator
Power cuts out when I wiggle positive battery terminal
2003 Toyota Avalon hard to start in cold weather
VW Passat B5 Rear Door Central Locking Issue - Door Lock Actuator Replacement
2004 VW Passat B5 Cigarette Lighter Broken - Common Problem
VW Passat B5 EPC Light on Dashboard
What Engine/Transmission combinations am I restricted to with a Ford 9" Rear-end?
Intermittent fault with engine start inhibitor on Citröen C3
When does it make sense to replace a camshaft?
Fiat Punto Wont Start. Fuel Light & Three warning lights flashing
Break-in engine
2005 Honda Accord 4cyl revving idle when warm
2004 VW Passat B5 Peculiar Engine Noise
What exactly are fuel trims?
Cheap vs Expensive Fuels
I used 0W-30 instead of 0W-20. Is it serious?
Is it possible to auto close the power window of a car using OBD and CAN bus?
AirbBag and 4x4 light is on after changing BMW X3 battery. Why?
Normal Operating Temp for an Automatic Transmission
New Case - Watered the battery and got rust on one of the engine pipe
How to detect engine/ignition (on/off) status using OBD2?
Is control module voltage and battery voltage the same?
1998 Nissan Sentra transmission
2004 V8 LT Chevy Suburban No Heat at Idle
What is the average radiator capacity on 6 cylinder engines?
What is Lobe Separation Angle (LSA)?
Two-Stroke vs. Four-Stroke Diesel Engines - What is most commonly used in heavy vehicles?
Mazda B3000 (Ranger) Truck takes several tries to start?
Two-Stroke Diesel Engine - Do they use forced induction on them?
Cold temperatures and tire pressure light
Replaced a ton of parts - grey/white/black exhaust smoke and funny noise persist
Fiat Siena EL 2001 was starting but jerking very bad whist running
How to use an engine stand
In the US, how do I tell if a car is in good condition?
How to replace front fog light housing on a Corsa C 2005
2001 Clio Leaky Roof - Sunroof issue?
Premium vs. regular in medium compression engines
Are there downsides to making an accessory socket always live, if accessories are removed when not in use?
2010 dodge ram 1500 reg./E-85
Will using premium gas increase gas mileage?
Dynamometer Question - How is it operated and what are they doing?
How does a dynamometer work?
Pontiac G6 sounds like a prop plane. Wheel bearing?
What Can I Learn From Exhaust Manifold Temps?
On-Board Diagnostics (OBD) Readiness Monitors
How to choose the best jack stands and wheel chocks for a vehicle?
Should I fill my tire?
Battery light on after new alternator
Why do Formula 1 cars use engines with many volumetrically small cylinders?
How does Valve Overlap affect emissions?
Is it healthy to drive with a bad IAC?
Formula 1 valve trains
2013 Toyota Tacoma flashing 4x4 light on dash
2004 VW Passat B5 How To Choose New Wheels
How To Read Car Tires
Why are the blades of car radiator fans unevenly spaced?
What does the letter at the end of a tire code signify?
Awful sound when coming to a stop even after brake pads and discs replaced
How can I secure the power block for my LED headlights?
2000 Suzuki Grand Vitara 4x4 flashing
Why won't my engine rotate?
Honda R8X-S heat seize
headlights come on by themselves when car sitting in sun
Tire Speed Rating Naming Convention
How To Pump Up Car Tires (finding the optimal PSI for your tires)
What is meant by degreeing a cam?
Remanufactured 5.3 engine not firing on one bank
Checking Tire Pressure when the tire is warm or cold
Does waiting until the gas cap become faulty cause any damage?
Identifying Suspension Parts on my Mazda 626
How Urgent is it to Replace Worn Out CV Boots
Radial tires: Do they bulge at too high pressure?
hi I've just done engine overhaul car is not starting
fuel consumption in CR-V 2007
Gear ratio from speed and rpm
What is an English Wheel and how do I use one?
How do I apply Fibreglass and Bondo?
2000 VW Polo struggles to/won't start when engine warm
Quick paint job now, or wait until I can do it right?
Ford F-150 4x2 4.9l straight 6 misses after lots of work
Blipping the Throttle
2004 VW Passat B5 What and Where is the Locking Wheel Nut?
Cam Belt vs Belt Drive vs Serpentine Belt vs Fan Belt vs V Belt vs Timing Belt
'98 Passat Locked when FOB batteries changed, how do you unlock it?
Can you identify this part?
I own a 1989 Mercedes 560sec that has rpm surges for no real reason
How to build a palm coupling to compressed air coupling adapter?
Bad Cat? Bad smell in Car when heating on
Why does my 2005 Mitsubishi Pajero use excessive amounts of fuel?
When doing body paint, do you cover up bolt holes?
What is a 6 Pack and will it add performance to my engine?
How to increase horsepower?
What are Performance Camshafts?
1997 Ford Fiesta Strange Ticking Noise
Should negative trickle charger clips be attached to the battery negative terminal, or ground?
What is cold tire shearing?
1973 CB350-four, no spark on 1 and 4 when it's cold
Heater only blowing cold air
Magnetic Active Suspension or Magnetorheological Damper
5-Stroke Engines - What are these things?
High revs after changing spark plugs
What is the right tool to expand a large spring-type hose clamp?
How to Tell if an IAC needs to be Cleaned?
2000 Buick Century not running after spark plug change
How to flush coolant with only access to expansion tank?
How does Audi A6 C6 battery level meter work?
What are cam shaft end bearings?
What are crankshaft bearings and how are they different from camshaft end bearings?
1998 Plymouth Voyager
1982 Yamaha Virago - Several things are wrong and i'd like to repair myself
How do I make all of this work together?
Fuel system question
Hand Brake Loose
Calculate amount of fuel injected
Calculated vs absolute engine load
LTFT and STFT values are off and don't make sense
Camshaft problem not sure what needs replacing
What is regenerative braking and why don't we use it?
What exactly is a piston?
How to tell what color your car is (not in door jamb)
What causes more gas consumption - Idling with AC or Heat?
How does tire pressure affect susceptility to hydroplane?
97 Chevy lumina serpentine belt came off the bottom pulley
What possible causes for the "check engine" light can I check for myself?
What causes more gas consumption - Idling with AC or Heat?
Craftsman 42" snowblower pulley removal part 47026
Possible EGR problem on Fiat Idea Multijet 1.3 Diesel
My car will not start after being driven fine
Grinding type sound in steering wheel of a 2011 Mitsubishi Lancer EX
Can a crankcase venthilator hose being off cause misfiring?
Cheap tyres on rear of car?
Chevy Cavalier 2002 2.2L
Are there different greases for inner and outer CV joints?
Toyota Raum Radio memory loss
How are diesel engines better for the environment than gasoline?
Clicking noise in Opel Astra
Heater blows cold at idle 2007 town / country
What actually happens when there is not enough oil in a car engine?
Suzuki 2004 sv650s wiring
Good car for full electric conversion
How exactly does an increase in engine temperature cause a car to breakdown?
What does a flywheel do and what is it connected to?
2004 Chevy Malibu won't start after changing timing chain, crank sensor and ignition module and coil pack
How do I remove a broken drill bit from metal?
Is there a benefit to belt driven motorcycles?
What is a chopper?
Leaking Fuel Injector Seal
What exactly is a clutch?
Mazda 3 2011 1.6 Lts Gasoline - ECU
Does exhaust gas pressure impact the output of narrowband lambdas?
What prevents engine oil from mixing with petrol in motor bikes?
What is a bobber?
Poor battery condition, replacement required! Or is it?
Gear selection on 6 speed box
What is the proper way to use the belt adjusting bolt when changing belts on a civic?
2003 Mazda Tribute Rear Wiper Fluid
How is this pavement optimized to suppress water splashing?
Dirty air filter seal
1967 Ford F100 miles per gallon
Heat blowing hot but only on low
revving sounds and the engine cut
car won't start after short distances
Computing Wheel Torque From Engine Torque
What exactly is meant by "engine coolant"?
Mahindra KUV 100 and Suzuki Alto OBD protocol
Are there any advantages to "manual" steering?
What is the cost/benefit for reprogramming an ECU for a non-enthusiast?
Abnormal wiper speeds and intermittent failure of wipers, 2004 Dodge Ram 1500 Quad Cab
Exhaust Backpressure and Its Impact on LTFT Values
Couldn't Get the Axle Out
What actually happens when there is way too much oil in a car engine?
What exactly is a head gasket?
What exactly is an intake manifold?
Chevy Cobalt key stuck in ignition, battery dead
What do the terms "combined port" & "direct injection" mean?
Engine consuming oil and white smoke comes out when starting the engine while cold
Screeching sound at slow drive and breaking
Displacement sensors for car wheel and datasheets
Summer windshield washer in winter
Engine starter just won't stop starting
What is the "propane test" and how is it carried out?
My subaru legacy will not boost
Is it ok to use a scissor jack instead of a floor jack?
Why do Harley Davidson engines suffer from such poor performance?
Gem Harness - MAZDA 2 1.6 2011
Does this crack in a battery terminal post indicate that the battery should be replaced?
Th400 Transmission help
How can I tell if a flat car battery is charging when hooked up to a trickle charger?
Vauxhall Vectra engine (1.6 petrol) cuts out
How to find your manual?
How much does a driver weigh?
Tires uneven measurements
Metal rubbing metal padding
Low beam head lights quit working
Do straight/short pipes burn out valves?
Dodge Stratus struggling to accelerate
Will factory 2016 Toyota Corolla "S" 17" wheels and tires fit a 2014 Scion Xd without rubbing?
Why do two-stroke engine exhaust pipes look so strange?
Brake flush vs. Replacing the brake fluid
Additives in Engine Oil
What will upgrading the Camshaft do to my BBC 454?
How do you plan an engine build?
Making a 1st Gen (1998) RAV4's accessory socket always live - which relay and how to access it?
Mitsubishi Colt trip computer mode change?
Emergency Brakes feel like they are set but are not
Brake squeaks on 2013 Cruze
Why do 5 and 6-speed transmissions typically need different gear ratios?
Why did manufacturers go to other than 1:1 transmission ratios?
Failure to start in frigid temperatures
BMW M52 coolant refilling
Squealing brakes on 14 ' Audi S4 (B8.5)
1983 Ford Thunderbird MCU port
Standard vs Carbon Ceramic Brake Discs - What do you pay for?
What exactly is a gearbox?
What is meant by the term "gear ratios"?
What are all the different types of fluid in a car and a short summary of their use?
What actually happens when there is no brake fluid in the brake fluid reservoir?
What actually happens when there is not enough coolant in a car engine?
Does 2000 Mercury Sable LS Premium have 12V available?
Is it normal both TPMS sensors fail just after changing tires?
2006 Camry Remote Control Programming doesn't save for more than a day
Hot air only flows to vents, not to defrost?
Power steering works normally to one side, but hard to the other
Auxiliary input status and Auxiliary input / output supported OBD2 PID
BMW E60 (525d M Sport 2005 UK). Cranking but not starting. Fuel Pump/Relay issue?
Bluetooth module causing interference with aftermarket setup
What is a "Z" frame?
Why do casting numbers on engine blocks matter?
What does "Chopped & Channeled" mean?
Car battery won't charge above 50%
Why do diesel fuel lines have to be bled?
Does Ford's heated windscreen/windshield normally drain excessive current?
2009 Hyundai Sante Fe - gas smell in cabin after replacing fuel sending unit. has been repaired 4x's now
What is an "A pillar"?
Help me with my hand Brakes
How much horsepower to expect from a cold air intake in Dodge Ram
How do I get more power out of a rotary engine?
Calculating AFR using injector flow rate and mass air flow
What Front End Work Requires an Alignment Afterwards
What is the motorcycle equivalent of OBD-II?
Wheel alignment from OBD parameters
2010 Hyundai Accent starts but won't stay running
Where can A/C condenser be located other than in front of radiator?
Is my car safe to drive?
Toyota 04 Camry
Does driving at top speed damage a car or stress the engine?
What exactly is a "knurled piston"?
What exactly is an "idle jet"?
What does under-square and over-square mean?
2005 Mazda 3 at warning light at cold start ups
2003 Chevy Malibu Deluxe. Engine counter balancer timing
Ford Tractor 5600
How would you move a small vehicle a relatively short distance
What are the basics of the combustion cycle in wankel (rotary) engines?
What is the efficiency delta between rotary and modern four-stroke engines
ECM Fuse Blown what to test next
How to move car a small distance without tow dolly
Ford Focus 2012 Continuous Wiper Issue
Scania clutch issue with syncromesh gearbox
Issues cold starting diesel van
Replace or recharge a battery after is has been drained?
2004 VW Passat B5.5 - Why are my wing mirrors being weird?
Why would headlights stop working after turning over
Vehicle light problems 101 (2000 buick century)
trouble codes on a 1993 chevy silverado
Are there any vehicle engines that don't have a mechanical oil pump?
What are some good options for bumper pushing
Scooter: Motor goes off when accelerating
2006 Honda Civic Hybrid - instrument panel lights going haywire
How do I go about replacing the head gaskets in my Dodge truck?
How do old cars actually lose horsepower?
What are the benefits of a dry sump?
What is meant by bore and stroke?
Toyota corolla verso 1.794 petrol vvt-1-t2
Advice on learning automotive repair knowledge
ATMA on OBDII not Working
Trouble starting car, cold weather. MB A140 W168
Corrosion on battery, won't start, making clicking noise, won't charge
VW Golf TDi smoke
Best Way to Clean CV Joints of Old Grease
How Much Grease to Put into the CV joint?
How accurate and precise is a dyno and why?
The critical components that define an Adv tourer from other motorcycles
My mechanic forgot to put Coolant and now my car is not work! what can i do? or who should i blame
Conversion from kW to HP?
Steering Pump whining; no fluid loss
Proper glow plug operation
2005 Altima Shuts off while stopped, starts back up
2008 Vw Jetta won't move? Transmission issue!! Help
Does Vaseline dissolve rubber?
Are there any plans to update OBD-II?
How will diesel engine perform with air in fuel line?
1994 Silverado not accelerating past 35
What is a sprag unit and what does it do?
Inspecting and reparing third generation (1996-2000) Dodge Caravan heater mode door
Window frozen shut
Why is a W-16 called, well, W?
How does PCS on 4l60e work?
Why is my car so icy in the winter?
What makes two-stroke engines less fuel-efficient than four-strokes?
OBDII ELM 327 Bluetooth adapter - is it reliable?
Honda Civic starting problems?
The purpose of covering the grill during cold weather
Why does my car die completely (after a battery recharge)?
Why is the effect of a bad fuel pump more noticable at higher speeds?
why do my tail lights and brake lights remain on when 95' honda accord is turned off?
Can anyone identify this connector?
Changing gears at what speed?
2000 jaguar locks
Will putting de-icer spray in the washer bottle remove ice from my windscreen?
Charging circuit
Can you run an engine without a radiator?
How do you un-seize an engine?
Steering tight and orange fluid on ground after failure to start
Why does my RPM drop when sitting idle at traffic lights?
Mitsubishi lancer 2003
Why don't cars use Sequential gearboxes?
How does one fix peeling paint on a car?
When is a cold air intake system beneficial?
Do car batteries degrade when left charged, boxed and unconnected for long periods, e.g. in a shop?
Do any car batteries come dry with the electrolyte in a separate container?
2000 Dodge Ram 8 cyl Doesn't want to run, Have to keep foot on the gas
leaving the rear defroster on constantly
2005 Ford Escape airbag light & beeps
Acceleration pickup of a car
Roller rockers to a stock valve train
How is a power steering pump vacuum leak test performed?
Alternator grinding - Is it OK to drive to mechanics?
Radio and Charging Outlet Stopped Working
Fault code 27 with engine light on '94 Jeep Cherokee
What is an A/R ratio?
Heim joints with zerk fittings
Why does a gas engines torque and horsepower curve always meet at 5252 RPM?
will not start, when I just had driven it about a hour ago
How do I get the sway bar link to line up with new strut and spring?
Hyundai Accent starting issue
Location of exhaust manifold
What "type" of engine does a Ford Fiesta, 2008, style climate D, 1.4 TDCi have?
Is the Ford Fiesta 2008, style climate D, 1.4 TDCi engine made by Peugeot?
External Combustion Engines - What are these things?
Steam Engines - What are these things?
Natural Gas Engines - What are these things?
Engagement delay when shifting from neutral to drive or reverse
98 Saturn SL2 Starter and Water Pump Will Not Work
Steering ratio for European Ford Focus Mk2 (2004-2010)
2006 Pontiac torrent
What's the most environmentally responsible method of car parts cleaning?
How to get the most money out of potentially totalled car?
Does a screw in the tire mean sidewall damage and tire replacement?
Will having a radiator full of engine oil do damage to the motor?
Need help installing engine with 2-wire crank sensor into 3-wire setup
What actually is brake horsepower (BHP)?
2006 Honda Fit loses power after starting, but runs normally when warmed up
What is a head?
How does intake manifold runner length effect the power curve of a car?
What are common cold weather starting issues with cars?
What is the most efficient method of getting your car unstuck from snow?
What is the safest way to jumpstart a car surrounded by snow, ice and water? Can I get electrocuted?
1989 7.3 IDI wont start
2000 Mercury Marquis Check Engine Light Issue
How can head port volume affect the power curve of an engine?
Would bored out 307 need new heads
How do I change my HDD navigation from Japanese to English?
Clutchless Shifting - Wears Rings or Assembly?
Disabling OBD2-Interface in a car
How much extra should I expect to pay to have a Turbo replaced at the dealership as opposed to at a garage?
2011 Ford Fusion Heater Issue
Consequences of a Dirty Intake Manifold
Water leaking from bottom of engine
Cadillac CTS How to deal with water in spare wheel compartment
2001 Jeep Cherokee sport check gauges light
What exactly is meant by the phrase "plugging in your engine"?
BMW E90 pre facelift - REST heat button / fuse
Valve Guide Replacement - 1988 Jeep Wrangler
Odd Transmission slip
How does a transfer case split power between front/rear?
What battery should I buy for my vehicle?
2008 Toyota Corolla 141 Fuel Consumption Too High
BMW 320D E46 Facelift
Alternative fuel consumption metric to MPG to measure actual engine efficiency?
What is a governor and what is it used for?
Blows cold until the car is moving
What are the pro's and con's of compression braking vs. exhaust braking?
How to control a car (accelerating, braking, steering) programmatically?
Why or why not increase engine efficiency by running the car "fuel-lean" (using a turbo or supercharger)?
What exactly is a catalytic converter and why does it need to operate within a certain range?
2006 Mazda 3 low brake pedal
1995 Mercury Grand Marquis, loud whine corresponding to engine revving
What is the best "automatic" gear to be in when going up a snowy incline?
My engine stalled and wont restart - after downshifting - Automatic Trans
What is the part number for the i-mid source wheel on a 9th generation Civic?
Key Doesn't come out of Town and Country
LandRover Defender Discontinues
Nissan Leaf 2013 - 2015 Model
Toyota Premio SMART Key
Do I need to replace both front struts if one is OK
Water Powered Cars - What are these things?
2000 Celica engine dies or shakes when I pump gas
Mercedes Benz E300 BlueTEC HYBRID
Pneumatic Valve Spring Operation in Formula 1
Vespa PX 150 Fuel and Carbon issue
Brake Mean Effective Pressure, how is this an effective measurement tool for engines?
Yamaha R1 intake tract configuration
How exactly does a differential work?
Looking for 2013 Ford Fusion Stereo wiring diagram - SONY system
How to Remove Core Plugs? (aka Freeze Plugs)
Safe way to drill through the engine bay firewall
I scraped my car against my moms and i need to remove the white scratches
Why does the Check Engine code for emissions failure disable traction control and cruise?
What mechanical action is heel and toe (clutchless) shifting trying to accomplish?
Speed difference between rear wheel and front wheel drive
1999 Ford F250 XLT Super Duty – Oil in coolant
Is the smoke or powder produced from an airbag detonation dangerous/toxic?
How can I dispose of the waste products I get from working on my car more effectively?
Which types of air filters are best at filtering, without causing notable problems?
My car won't crank
With the weather is getting cold, I have problems starting my 2001 C240 Mercedes
hard to start to start the car when weather is cold
Can I use any portable powerbank to jump start a car
Vibrations and Torque Converter Failure
The causes of a noisy serpentine (auxiliary) belt
Toyota Corolla '70-'73
What is the difference between torque and horsepower?
Engine MPG / Economy
Fan accelerates increasingly when idle/at a stop
'04 Daewoo Nubira brakes keep sticking on after disc and pad replacement
My rpms are going high and my mph take a minute to go higher on my GMC Yukon
How to tell if you have a bad clutch?
What exactly is ram air induction?
How exactly does running fuel-lean increase the temperature of ignition?
The top speed in the my owner's manual seems to be too low. Is this normal?
Motor and radiator problem will there be and damage to motor or anything
2005 Toyota Corolla intermittant battery drain when not running
Mercedes ML350 M272 random misfire on cylinder 3 and 4
Malfunction indicator light after a charge to low battery
Vespa Plug,Contact Point and Condenser
What does it mean to have a stiff first gear?
Starter solenoid clicking continuously
Ticking sound when stepping on Brake
How can you use the headlights to tell the quality of your battery?
How can you optimise the rate at which your electronic devices will charge in the car (fast in-car charging)?
Remote will not always unlock car plus cannot insert key into ignition?
Diagnosing P0171 2007 Toyota Corolla
Would Pulling the Handbrake Help Remove Brake Rotor Rust?
Lifetime transmission fluid
Differences between Homogenous and Stratified-Charge operation
Mysterious honda civic 2002 overheating some time
How does the speedometer on my dash actually work?
Temporarily stop fuel going to carburetor
reprogramming a key for 2006 chevy malibu
What is wrong with my car?
Can the throttle position be high during idle
How come gears don’t normally change in an automatic car?
Does (forcefully) overriding the self-canceling damage my indicator levers?
One time snow removal
Is this PCV hose broken?
What is the problem if my car's engine stops running in the middle of a ride?
What kind of service to get done on a car in its 4th year but having only 10k miles?
Is it possible to extend the length of the shaft on an existing turbocharger, further distancing the compressor from the turbine?
What are the brightest bulbs for projector headlamps?
Distinguishing between mechanical and electrical failure in ignition diagnosis
How to test gas station air compressors before use?
Why do you have to replace brake pads on both rear wheels at same time?
I changed struts and got alignment done, shop said steering is "returning from the right too fast"
1998 Mazda 626 LX with CEL and rough idle
2002 honda accord dim lights will not work
'96 Saab starts, stalls
What is a Blower?
Where can I find statistics regarding car life expectancies?
Is there correlation between fuel efficiency and preferred gear at certain speed?
Can I put 225/75R16 on a vehicle meant for 245/75R16?
Stopping distance of a car
Difference between OBDII and CAN
Installing new Body Control Module
How Important Are the Rear Shocks / Struts
Used odometer supposedly showing incorrect reading
Persistent squeak and transmission issues
How does the tachometer on my dashboard actually work?
Vibration felt, heard and seen when in Drive at stop but disappears when shifted to Neutral
Honda oydessy year 2000 does not go in reverse does not go forward but you can drive it in netural
Coolant Reservoir
what could cause a scraping noise after tire rotation
Minimum Care of Leather Interior
Late 90 Honda Civic cooling system hose broke off ,is it safe to drive?
1994 GMC Rally 3500 Low Beam out, High beam works intermittently
Help with Strange Intermittent yet predictable parasitic battery drain?
Response to 2001 Toyota Carolla vvt code 1349: what should I do?
VW Beetle Distributor Identification/Timing Specs
Can long term parking affect alternator?
What's the Purpose of Park on an Automatic Transmission?
Rear ABS Sensors Peugeot 307
What are slip rings with respect to a cars alternator?
1997 Escort idles rough when a/c is off
Why might you choose to change to using an aftermarket throttle body?
What is the effect of the throttle body on the power curve produced by the engine?
2014 Dodge RAM 1500 Hemi 5.7 Liter 4x4 - Loud Squeal
Mini Cooper 2003 - Changed lights to LED, insanely fast indicator lights now
Cause of double trailer dump truck brake lockup
2002 golf dead battery - Was able to jump - Bad alternator or Battery
Any possibility of engine stall if engine brake is active during gear shift?
Why does my new tail light keep blowing the fuse?
3rd gen vios hitting speed bumps even on-angle entry
Why does my motorcycle's brake get loose easily?
How to calculate Car "Distance Till Empty" without knowing the fuel level
What's the difference between BMW 320i SE and Non SE?
Problems with the accelerator please help
Hours of labor required for 2007 Altima 2.5 engine refresh/rebuild
SMAX Zetec 2.0 TDCi 2010 Plate - Why wont my car start ? (see video)
Intake boots for 79 GS1000
2010 mini cooper , Steering wheel unstable and tends to deviate all over. Unable to diagnose the problem
Honda EU3000is K1 Generator - Replace Gas Tank
Can't seem to start vehicle
Peculiar Interior Lighting Issue
Do worn brushes in an electric fuel pump increase fuel flow rate?
Strange noises from AC/Dash board
How important is the procedure to service a car every 6 months
What grade of fuel should I use for my car?
pulsating loud noise from new spare tire, that was already balanced
2004 Dakota problems
2006 VW Jetta Diesel won't warm up
Unable to remove oil drain screw
Mini Cooper 2003 - Identify rear indicator light wiring to install LED resistor
Driving car with half engaged clutch
Checking the motor's RPM without an in-dash tach
What's inside a spring shock absorber?
What is this noise from the front (tires or such)
How to diagnose blown tail lamp fuse
How to trigger headlight washers on 14 ' Audi S4 (B8.5)
How to maintain a car's interior when left unused?
instrument cluster warning lights
Honda Odyssey ex-l res anti theft radio code issue
R56 mini cooper turbo sounds
What oil should I use for Hyundai Sonata 2004?
Overfilling the oil level
Could I implement the modern Atkinson cycle on a petrol engine with variable valve timing?
Replace car batteries with capacitors?
What Damage may Accompany a Broken Axle
Burning air pressure switch
What is spark plug heat range
Loss of engine power when using headlights
2004 VW Passat B5.5 - Is one of my heated wing mirrors actually broken?
1999 Grand Prix started to consumed gas
I reversed polarity on a jump pack when attempting to start my 2000 Dodge Neon.
Is firing order sufficient to tell if a crankshaft is cross-plane or flat-plane?
Locked out of my accord
Manual 2008 Ford Ranger won't go into gear sporadically
City Jetta Passenger Windows Unresponsive
what is the normal operating temperature indication on the guage?
Losing coolant fast after just fixing radiator
Jerks on 2nd gear at low speed
Weird grinding sound from the gear box
Brake fluid doesn't move in the master cylinder container
Old starter clicked, wont turn over engine. New starter wont even click - no noise at all
How to restore and care for leather?
Engine Temperature from OBD data
Follow up question on spark plug heat range
Do I Need to Replace Complete Rear Brake Components
What is a "crank throw" and how can I determine the number of crank throws on an engine?
Motorcycle won't turn over immediately after a pit stop
Van makes knocking noise, even after it has been off for hours
05 Nissan Maxima SL 3.5 P1283
Multimeter - Basic Functionality and Howto
Revving and rattling sometimes when braking
backup lights stay on in park and switch off
Hyundai i30, 1600 cc Difficulty starting
Car stalls/dies suddenly while driving and is not starting again
What are the advantages of upside down forks?
Tire SideWall Damage. Replace?
Battery light flashing after alternator install on 2004 Ford Escape
No low beams but do have high beams
Strange brake noise
What made Ferrari choose this particular firing order for their flat-plane V8's?
1995 Dodge Viper
What does an actuator part look like?
Ticking noise while idling that increases with acceleration
Driving slower at low constant rpms or driving fast to get to destination faster, which saves more gas?
Disconnected wires near battery in BMW e46
2004 GMC Yukon Denali, intermittent no crank/no start/no noise
What can you expect after applying leather protection?
what would cause lack of movement in the gas pedal, causing slow acceleration?
What driving speed gives the best fuel economy?
citroen c5 2007, AL4, noise when on R
Why do pickups and large SUV's use 4x4 and generally not AWD?
Keep Alive Memory (KAM)
How to increse Idle Air OR Gas - 1986 ford ranger
Start a circuit or device when you insert key in car ignition
Brake lights don't illuminate until pedal is pressed by about 5-10mm
How does Audi Crown Gear Center Differential work?
Why is it that the front of the car lifts up when releasing the clutch?
Car manual says I have to wait a few seconds before shifting to reverse, why?
Volvo D13 Boost and fuel mileage problem
Are there cars that can shift to reverse even while moving?
Okay to add new oil to old?
Tried to shift but failed at very high rpm how much damage did I cause
Drive by wire disables steering when car is off?
Are all drive-by-wire cars completely (brakes, clutch, gas, steer) by wire?
How to apply brakes so there is minimal wear and tear?
Why do electric motors produce peak torque instantly vs gasoline engines
Difference between fuel pressure and fuel rail pressure
Turbo shaft broken
How often should I change my Nissan Sentra's (2012 model) oil?
What is the difference between "multi port" and "combined port" fuel injection?
Is there any benefit in performing a 4/7 swap on an LS engine?
1990 Mercury Cougar LS stereo wire color diagram
stuck in park no power to dash or windows
What is Neo-Chrome?
Car Making Noise After It speeds up
Are older cars' cigarette lighters the same as modern
How can I tell which parts of my car are "By Wire"?
2001 honda civic dx over heating problem
What are the Advantages & Disadvantages of a Boxer engine?
Can I replace my R14 wheels/tyres with R13 wheels/tyres?
What is making this noise coming from the rear end of my car?
Battery Draw while car is off at 3.24
Hyundia i20 heater failure
Why are the spark plugs from the same 2 cylinders corroding faster than the others?
What kind of sealer should go over bondo and primer?
Ford Fiesta Mk6 heater blower fan motor resistor location?
Calculate current drain from the battery in a drive
How do nonlinear speedometers work?
BMW E90: Professional Radio (Alpine CD73) USB Adapter won't work
1995 Pontiac Grand Am Over-Heating and Cold air from heater, why?
How durable are engines at maximum power
Lada Niva 1700 Carburetor Model
2005 Crown Victoria Police Interceptor showing codes P0053, P0054, P0059 and P0060
No ignition lights and spark
What would cause my truck to shut off during me cranking it?
1985 Suzuki lt185 cap starter problem
Effects of loss of oil pressure after oil change
2007 Honda Civic Coupe won't crank
Differences in valve springs
Check for overheat damage
Re: Dry Gas (specifically STP Water Remover)
Are two-wheeler battery types interchangable
2003 Buick Rendezvous overheating without steam, coolant overflow at normal temperature
Peugeot 406 1.8 engine, oil comes to radiator
Temperature of coolant before and after radiator
What is commonly used nanofluid coolant for automobile radiator
The purpose of Smart Junction Box in a car
Relay for Auxiliary Fog lamps of 54 w (27W x 2 lamps)
Cleaning mud from motorcycle radiator
What's the point of servicing a car?
Brake malfunction indicator turns on, all gauges die off, but engine and brakes still work
Why does my garage insist on using an engine flush when changing the oil?
Are manual transmission cars disappearing?
Can i use ATF for power steering?
Occasional ABS fault
Will slamming doors shut damage my car?
Why do cars still use mechanical blinker relays?
Possible cause for piston melt in CNG 6 cylinder?
Reason for high petrol useage (Ford Focus Titanium 2013)
Security and engine issues
Squealing noise and battery gage drops
Oxygen sensor malfunction
Why are there multiple CAN buses in vehicles?
Coolant boiling and smoke coming out of engine bay
How can I jump the solenoid in a starter?
How is video transmitted in the car? (E.g., from backup camera to NAV display.)
Does an Engine Strut Bar have any effect on performance?
How can you unfreeze frozen windshield fluid?
Is it safe to lift up your wipers in cold weather?
Could a modern car be modded enough to work without ECUs?
Lubricating Spring Compresor Threads
Honda civic '97 crank, no start. Once started, drives fine
After many repairs engine still vibrates (1995 Ford Probe, 4-cylinder, automatic)
2002 Toyota Camry LE trunk lid will not open
Is Torque App reliable to read O2 sensor data?
98 Olds Intrigue headlights turn off when driving turn back on by using switch
How to Identify which O2 sensor is faulty WITHOUT readings from the car's system
Feedback coming from gas pedal on 14 ' Audi S4 (B8.5)
Identify serial protocol in Honda Odyssey 2007
No water flow in the radiator - 99 Cadillac STS
Rear Window Defogger with only one terminal
What are the pros and cons of fiberglass body?
BMW 320D 2011 ED - Engine Malfunction Icon
Are tyre repair kits a viable alternative for a spare wheel?
"Missing" motor
STEERING ISSUE 99 TAURUS
Driving simulation while on front jackstands
Is it really not advisable to let your fuel tank get low on fuel?
My car locks lower gears when on high speed, why?
Hyundai XG350 - Positive or Negative Ground Battery?
Higher idle RPM on first start at morning
What does BHP@rpm mean?
What does NM@rpm mean in car's spec sheet?
How do I know if car ECU has a REV Limiter?
Is there a rev matching device?
2004 powerstroke white smoke now no start
No fuel pressure
ECM vs. PCM vs. ECU?
High pitch hum/ringing
Squeaking sound before the engine starts
VW Bora (1.9 L TDI) - Misfire on cylinder 2
How to start my motorcycle when the kick-starter fails?
Brakes to the floor HELP!
Single headlight does not come on but is not burnt out
P1135 code on 2003 Toyota RAV4
Which vehicle manufacturer produces scissor jacks that have hex heads?
BMW E46 electric headlight leveling
Higher than normal fuel consumption - What could be the cause?
BMW E60 530i - Dashboard LCD Issues
Running thick oil in a small engine
Effects of anti-freeze concentration on engine temperature
2004 Saturn ION with Ecotec 2.2: Engine misfire with code P0300, ICM problem?
Cut and Polish: Looking for help on how to do my car
Starting Enfield with low/dead battery
Over heating of my 05 Honda Civic
Can I change a single worn tyre instead of a pair?
Reverse is now 1st gear on manual transmission
How much current should my car draw with the ignition on?
Replaced belts and they still squeak
I have oil in the coolant of my Suburban what is the cause?
What's the vehicle lifespan effect when turning systems off by using the ignition key?
Where does the Toyota Vitz air intake take air from?
Tazz 2e oil leak coming from
Oil leakage or normal engine procedures
Waterbottle cap still poping off
Min/max fill for coolant reserve/overflow tank in abscence of markings
Mitsubishi eclipse convertible 2008 shaking problem
My clutch won't engage all the way down
Engine stalls out when I top off my jeep with gas
Alternator whines when it's cold, 2000 Toyota Camry (5S-FE engine)
How do I troubleshoot the source of oil in my coolant?
Brakes Slipping/malfunctioning
Cold air intake causing rich condition
98 Mercedes ML 320 - Overheating Issue
Is disabling the airbag inflators a task that an amateur can tackle?
Why go for aftermarket air filters?
What is a leak down tester and what can I do with it?
Correct behavior of 2001 Prelude front side markers when hazards on
Ohlins Rear Motorcycle Shock - How do I setup, care for and tune it?
Motorcycle Speed Wobble - How do I figure out the problem?
Aluminium engine vs Cast Iron engine
What are the specifications that describe a change in look (for SEAT Leon)?
I have 225 45 r17 winter tyres on golf but peugeot 207 with 205 45 r17 tyres - could I interchange
ENG PWR REDUCED 2009 Chevy Cobalt LS
2006 Subaru Forrester overheating and no heat
Is it possible to repair an intermittent or flaky turn signal flasher relay?
Porsche 918 - benefits of top mounted exhaust
How do the chain adjustment nuts on the swing-arms of a motorcycle work?
Damp leaking cabin, tips to trace leak and advice to dry it out
Electric water pump control
1981 ford f350 New duraspark kills the power
What's the cause of Diesels' typical clatter noise?
Do cars ever use electric water pumps?
Will it hurt to be off 5" on width on tires through conversion
Car overheats idling in traffic
Are BMW automatic transmissions less reliable than manual ones?
Shifting Problem
I've just been rear ended. How can I check for damage?
Loud bang while driving, then lug nut is missing - what happened?
Why do dealers seem to prefer to replace parts instead of repairing?
My Toyota fails under full throttle but not when feathered
How do I check the exhaust system for damage after being rear ended at about 5mph?
Transfer Case Options 4l60e
1999 Toyota Tercel shakes when stopped
1999 Ford F250 XLT Super Duty won't go into 4-wheel drive low
Brake lights and turn signals don't work (but head and tail lights do) on 1998 Ford Expedition
How to eliminate odors from the vents?
Short shifting after full throttle
Brakes make a "POP" sound and then I can't brake
2014 Toyota Matrix: inadequate AC
KTM Duke 200, Broken Airbox
Clutch sticking, wait until engine's warm
Hesitant starting when engine is warm - possible vapor lock?
How does clogging tailpipes result in carbon monoxide in the cabin?
Techron Fuel Injector Cleaner vs Techron Concentrate Plus
How to actually measure a T-Top on an IROC-Z
Optimal RPM range for manual transmission
Where can I find the little snap-on fixtures that hold my Yaris bumper in place?
Hubcap question
What is the technical name for the steering wheel adjustment lever?
2004 buick century ft pass / rear driver side pwr window goes up not down
General Tire Altimax
Can you recognise this motorcycle?
what is the exhaust pressure of bajaj pulsar 220cc engine 2014 model?
2006 Ford Fusion - High Oil Consumption
my brake pedal is sticking in the depressed position in cold weather
Identifying neutral switch on 2008 mazdaspeed3 transmission
Motorcycle kickstarter locks at certain point
Do air filters purify air better with age?
Why would I want to magnetize a screwdriver?
What is a tap and die set and how do I use them?
Alternatives to left-handed thread without resorting to specialist tools
Automatic transmission sticking after car has not been driven for 3 months
Where is IAC valve on 2003 Ford Ranger 6 cylinder?
Battery cuts on a moped when off the kick stand
Bad pitting on carburetor causing small fuel leak
Is this windshield crack definitely caused by impact?
Identify partly burned chip on a circuit board
Multimeter to check car battery current
After perfoming tune up to my jetta 2.0
2004 Honda Civic ex rpm spike and lose acceleration.
Do I need to replace just my one rusted rear rotor, or do I need to replace both rear rotors?
Can we determine the Cleaning Requirement of Air Filter Using OBD
Mazda 3 fn4a -el transmission on tune up
can i change oem tyre 256/40R21 105 y to 265/60R 18 or 265/70 R 16 on my mercedes ml 350
Replacing a starter motor: will i need to replace the ring gear?
2014 Dodge Grand Caravan will not shift out of park
Possible engine knock in 1995 GMC Jimmy
What is the Connection Between Failing Torque Converters and Vibration?
2010 Ford Taurus keypad panel pulling away
Varying acceleration while riding
Any huge difference between high performance and stock fuel pump?
Vaxhall Astra H 1.9 150PS it stops in the middle of the road by pressing the gas pedal
03 Pontiac Grand Am will not start. Transmission problems?
Can I use washing up liquid to wash my car?
1995 jeep grand cherokee stopped working
OIL ON MY ALTERNATOR
Are there preventative measures I can take in case I lose my Odyssey key?
Motorcycle parts that need to be replaced most frequently
How to diagnose undervolt in electrical system
2010 mini cooper steering wheel loose after changing tires
Steel radial belt showing on front tires only?
Does recirculated cabin air pass through the air filter?
2007 honda civic trunk screw & peg wont come out
What is a smoke test and what kind of tools do I need to do it?
What type of welder would I need in order to weld titanium?
Rusted gas tanks, how do you repair them?
The brake pedal goes to the floor after starting the engine
Are there any (legal) ways to increase halogen headlight brightness?
Over filling oil engine and engine stop starting
Is it possible to access multiple CAN buses through the OBD-II port?
Diagnosis of slow brake leak
Which knob setting best cooks the mold inside HVAC?
My car's diesel exhaust smells really bad
DIY: Prepare Virago for both tall and short riders
How does the transmission not strip itself when applying the brake?
Is it necessary to replace functioning spark plugs?
No fluid under thermal sensor | '89 Jeep Cherokee reserve cooling system won't drain? | Car dies while running? & Car dies without running?
Where is the "Black Box" in a vehicle and what does it record?
Why is my car showing "Trip [A]" and some different miles on odometer?
any downsides to early spark plug changes?
For cleaning HVAC with Lysol, should the AC be on or off?
Why does my car's switched 12V drop to 5V when I add an accessory?
What is the advantage of start-stop button over turn-key igniton in a car?
What could be causing loss of coolant - crystals forming around expansion chamber
Honda FIT GP5 vin number
replaced fuel pressure regulator, still having same issue
What's this part? Hanging from left rear of Subaru 99 legacy.
Difference between fuel injectors and emissions standards
Why is oil on my throttle body hose?
Looking for easy ways to set error codes
How good is auto engine start stop feature?
Ignition Key Replacement
Car turning off everytime I idle
How to Test an Ignition Coil with a Multimeter
How Fast Should a Depressed Strut Piston Return?
My Ride is Still Very Bouncy after Changing the Struts and Strut Mounts
Amplifier is causing battery drain
Do I Need to Ground the Spark Plug When Testing
Will sleeping in my car damage it in any way?
Preventative maintenance to avoid winter start difficulties?
Considerations for soldering car battery wires?
Honda civic '97 not starting
PCM Bench Testing
What mechanical revolution is measured in "RPM"?
1995 Honda Civic lx overheating
Toyota aygo damage repair
Oil in my coolant & no longer in my oil pan?
Car OBD protocol?
306 Peugeot Vivante 1.9 diesel won't start – I have changed glow plugs and relay
Testing automatic choke on a scooter
Is it fine to use higher octane gasoline than what is recommended on the fuel cap sticker
Problem with Temperature rising after 30 minutes of driving?
Subaru Outback with EJ25 making noise when easing off the accelerator
2004 Hyundai Sonata starts and then dies
1996 Toyota Camry unlocks and locks itself
1983 Mazda 323 won't start
Radio lights are on
2000 mondeo overheating
On my '99 Grand Am the electric windows, A/C, dash gauges, speedometer stop working sometimes
Severe Noise Under Acceleration from a Stop or Slow Speed
How do I use redex? How often should I use it?
What is SAE 0x15 Short Term Fuel Trim Bank 1 Sensor 2?
06 Saturn Ion 2 2.2l P0101
Overflow reservoir bubbles after driving not overheating
Do I really need to wash the outside of my car?
1991 ford explorer 4x4 metal screeching
City golf 1.3 overheating badly
Wealth of info? 69 Yamaha 100 L5T
ABS light is on
problems with different pair of tires on front , rear axle for passenger car
Motorbike has no power, but kick start works
I have a 1996 Mercedes e320 I constantly have to put coolant in the reservoir coolant levels always low
New Car - Tips for living on a muddy/bumpy road
Testing specific wires in harness cable
2002 Ford Taurus E brake light on dash stays on
lack of acceleration mazda 3 sport
Coolant in engine... Head gasket going
Looking at buying a used Dodge Journey or Minivan - squeeling sound while pressing gas?
Fj cruiser rear diff lock
Low water pressure and oil pressure at the same time
Power door lock failure when engine is off
How are the rear headrests in a 2010 Ford Fusion removed?
Why does my air compressor fail to start when the tank is partially full?
When you replace a car battery, would anything in the A/C system be touched?
50cc Chinese Scooter GY6 QMB139 hard start when cold
Do long blasts of the horn damage it?
Do I have an ECU problem?
Does cruise control usually involve braking functionality?
Key-on electrical for the Honda NC700x
2005 Civic - Strange electrical issues
Turning off a manual transmission car by stalling the engine
Car won't start
What is the effect of different spark plug electrode tip diameters?
ABS/ESC units used for Active City Stop (Ford)
12V Battery change
obtaining Remaining Fuel Level from a 2004 VW Polo (Mk4)
Is intentional kick-down bad for the engine?
Brake fade and spongy brakes at high speeds
Headlights not working in 2006 Mazda6
suzuki 85 lt 185 wont start
Can I use a digital multimeter in resistance mode on a "no-load" circuit?
2005 PT Cruiser Emissions Light On Periodically
2005 Facelift Corsa C - Rumbling/humming sound & others when driving
Dodge Charger with Excalibur AL-1510-EDP security not starting with regular key
1961 Chevy Apache - Low beam headlight won't work unless highs on
What makes some engines more sensitive to head gasket failure?
Indicators Not Working But Hazard Lights Working
How to upgrade a motorcycle battery to a bigger AH battery?
2003 Toyota Corolla, 185k: erratic OBD codes, fuel smell, other symptoms
Does increasing head gasket thickness make it more failure-prone?
What are Tappets?
What are the various kinds of tappets / lifters and the advantages / disadvantages of each
When installing air ride suspension how is pinion angle set on the axle?
Is a parallel 4 link safe compared to a triangulated 4 link?
Measuring A/C refrigerant I got 96 PSI, is 96 PSI bad?
Part number for intake warm air flap on VW Jetta MkII
Car idles rough and makes rattling sound in neutral
Lower control arm mounting bolt replacement size. 2004 Mazda B3000
Rubber gasket maker on rocker cover
Swift Dzire Battery Sign remains ON whenever car is started after 9-10 hrs
Brakes grinding when roads are snowy
Paintless dent removal for old tank
Is it possible to fit mashroomhead air filter in Honda Stunner CBF 125?
Mazda 626 1995 automatic won't shift gears
Sequence for bleeding brake lines?
Fuel lines: is Nicopp OK for gas?
Fluids for Citreon Berlingo Diesel With Manual Transmission
94 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo
Civic R18A2 oil consumption
2005 hyundai elantra error code p0501
Diagnosing a rhythmic engine noise
Petrol to CNG converted cars
Breaking in a new catlytic converter?
Sporadic speedometer, and performance lags when speedometer not engaged
I have a BMW E30 the check light for brake & registration comes on & bulbs are all OK
Tank Dents - 69 Yamaha L5T
What could have cause these scratches on my LCD?
Replacing a very old radio by a slightly less old one
1991 Ford explorer shaking on takeoff
Thermostatic Cooling Fans
2012 vw jetta rear brake shoes
Has wrong glow plug damaged piston?
How to make an electronic system know which gear the engine is on?
My car shut off while driving
Car dies immediately when started
Rough Idling in Citroen C4
Motorbike chain tight when in gear pushed forward but loose when rolled backward
How do I determine the spark plug gap for a 1999 Mercedes E320 4matic Sedan?
Motor has been serviced in time and a day later the car won't start
I have replaced my brake cylinders, but the brake pedal goes to the floor
Honda Civic 2002 Coolant sprinkles back from Rad cap
High oil warning in Mercedes B class diesel
Audi A3 2001 1.9 TDI ASV - which motor oil to use?
Nibbler Identification
Reccommended booster for 2000 Jaguar S type (3 litre petrol, UK)
Engine jolting and struggle starting
1998 Honda Civic - O2 sensor or catalyst failure?
2002 Hyundai Elantra
Erratic single fault code: P0420, P0440, P0446. Normal variance, or indicative of something deeper?
Motorcycle muffler is stuck
fuel system problem
Side mirror fell off, what adhesive should I use to re-attach it
honda civic 2000 model
What type of Stero Cord / Port do I have here?
Vibration when braking
Engine weakening and suggested maintenance for Bajaj pulsar 220F
What type of power steering fluid do I use in my 1987 Dodge Dakota, 3.9 L, 2 wheel drive pickup?
Will an engine overheat if it has no coolant recovery tank?
Belt driven Water pump failure?
Engine hesitates and stalls when warm
my cars coolant dries up atleast less than a half litre after i drive around 400 km. why?
What fuel injectors I have to install?
Skipping gears when downshifting
Add central locking and electric windows to Land Rover Defender (1999)?
Putting a cover on the bike while engine is hot
Should you stop a motorcycle's engine with the side stand?
What are the cold cranking amps required to start Jaguar S type 3l petrol engine
Why does air always blow out of the dash vents?
Tire Maintenance
Firing a Coil on Plug
removing crankshaft pulley without the puller tool?
My Yamaha cut off while idling and now there is no power
What is the maximum torque a 1/2 drive can withstand?
Changed the brake caliper on the driver front side of my 2003 Ford Expedition and the wheel wont turn. What's wrong?
Hood smoking, coolant leaking. 92 Subaru legacy
2012 KTM Duke 200 - Low acceleration in low rpm
Does synthetic oil expire?
Light shudder on idle speed
Jetta mk2 petrol, reasons for loss of power other than fueling & ignition
Ford Focus MK3 disable key free entry
How bad is this strut mount damage?
Manual transmission noise
Replace driver side first, then passenger side brakes?
Why do tyres go flat after a few weeks of non-usage?
1999 Honda Civic xD hatch back overheating
Is there a reason keyless ignition cars do not shut off when it can no longer detect the keyfob?
What is a safe procedure for replacing a fuel filter on a 2000 Toyota Camry?
Can the warning chime tone of a 2007 BMW 525i be changed, or shortened somehow?
How often do you need to run a car?
Engines in our company's fleet frequently overheat
Do most tyres have the year of manufacture printed on them?
Seized nut & bolt - difficult to access
What Is The Output Voltage For The Mazda 626 GF 2L 98-2002 Coil Pack?
What options are there to minimize thread corrosion in rust-prone applications?
2012 Ford Fiesta S speedometer calibration
GM 4L60-E Rebuild Questions - Part 1
Volvo V40 - How to locate the fault in central locking?
What is a transmission filter kit?
2003 honda civic overheats only after freeway speeds
How to test the function of a water pump?
I have engine oil in my coolant. What might be the reason?
Radio not playing music through speakers
Ball joints and boots are constantly in need of replacement?
Possible causes for poor traction and handling
2003 Buick Century Right Turn Signal Stuck when dark out, car dies when left gets used
Can getting rear ended crack your engine mount?
What are the characteristics and uses for desmodromic valves?
How does the car's ECU detect a misfire?
Identifying fastener on 2013 VW Jetta TDI brake rotor
How can you assure a torque wrench is working properly?
What Color Should the Spark Be When Using a Spark Tester?
Should I use a shorter accessory belt?
Tires for my husband's Mustang
Why after a certain RPM with the same gear selected the car no longer accelerates?
Why won't my crankshaft turn a full rotation?
Are There any Benefits to a High Voltage Coil Pack?
Passanger door central locking not working properly
Interchangeability of motorcycle parts
External regulator just installed and now there is a battery drain that kills my car
What does pie cut exhaust mean?
Effects of sway bar stiffness on rough, uneven roads
Is there a suggested wall thickness for steel tubing when building frames?
How thick should sheet metal be for steel wheel tubs?
Holding clutch when braking
Immediate braking mechanism?
How does the ignition system control the Energy of the spark?
Why winter tires gives better mileage at 15+C
which is more popular brake, disc brake or drum brakes in passenger cars in US? can anybody give a rough idea about percentage
Specifics about changing a brake caliper on 2000 Toyota Camry
Can I use "Designed for BMW" Michelin tyres with a non BMW?
Vehicle tries to stall when at a stop
All-wheel drive single tire placement
Which types of protectants are safe to use on automotive tires?
Engine oil refill volume in Bajaj Pulsar 220
1987 GMC Sierra - Can't connect to OBD diagnostic connector
2003 Buick Century dies when left turn signal is used in the dark/ right blinker stuck
Does rolling forwards while in reverse gear damage my car?
I have a 2006 Ford Explorer that seems to bog down
low beam does not work, daytime running and high beam do
VW Golf (04, MK5) NOx sensor issue
engine push rods
Do naturally aspirated engines need back pressure in the exhaust pipes?
Is there a way to upgrade the GM Intellilink System?
No Damage/ top fuel economy rpm shift point
Will my 2002 Mustang make it from California to Iowa?
Radiator leak 92 subaru, repairs possible or replace?
Is 155/70 R13 75H suitable for Hyundai Santro?
How Common are Voltage Drop Problems?
1998 toyota corolla automatic cranks but no start
Change electrical switch of the ignition switch on a Deawoo Cielo (1995)
dodge ram 1500 RPM's problems
2003 honda accord not starting, starter and battery ok
2002 Dodge Durango brake lights not working
How Much Pressure Drop across the fuel filter is normal / acceptable?
2004 Honda Pilot wont start
What are these dots on my roof?
Disc brakes don't stop!
Why does my overheating car cool off on declines?
bearing noise soon after tire replacement?
Can you charge an electric motorcycle at an electric car charging station?
Idle gets stuck at 2000RPM
98 olds intrigue stalls while driving
What are the visual signs that brake rotors must be replaced?
How to remove tank pad glue?
'08 Kia Spectra won't start after head gasket/timing belt replacement
Lean Fuel Code on V10
removing spindle cap
2008 Honda Accord Automatic Transmission - Transmission seems to be slipping. Is it serious?
carburetor failure in yamaha dt lanza
BMW - what happens to car bluetooth phone if I connect audio from iphone via A2DP adaptor?
Unable to redirect airflow from floor to defroster, etc.in 2006 Cobalt
My Lexus RX 350 back window shattered. Is this possible by weather or only a person?
Should I replace piston rings on chevy 350?
2002 Suzuki RM250 - Dies after warm up, restarts after cleaning wet plug
semi loud growling noise at all speeds
keep getting air in the fuel line
Did I blow my 1998 civic up?
Yamaha Seca - Motorcycle Idle problems
P0304 code on PT Cruiser
Why is the engine on my Royal Enfield Classic 350 shutting down?
Why does GM still insist on push rod engines?
Automatic Transmition shifting gear not changing to anything other than D
Can't recognise or open these custom motorcycle lights
Sudden change of the odometer reading in Perodua viva elite
Jetta 2001 GLS 2.0, AC clutch won't come on
What does it mean when the ELM327 OBD2-reader gives two lines of info for 0100 request?
Opel Corsa lite 1.4 2002
What exactly is an outer CV joint and how can I replace one?
Replacing brakes on 14 ' Audi S4 (B8.5)
Need explanation on Commanded EGR and ethanol%
When getting rotors turned should the thickness be exactly the same throughout?
Bluetooth not working - Any ideas?
Is there any side effect with using brake cleaners as a general grease or oil cleaner?
Toyota Matrix 2012 Oil Filter Cap becomes extremely tight and hard to open
My car won't shift into second its a 5 speed what can it be?
Found small debris in used oil
Why could my vehicle be shaking around 60mph after hydroplaning?
Supercharger calculations
Supercharging small engine
How to shorten a driveshaft?
Prius dash board completely off and engine does not shut down
Replaced busted brake line but the brakes still don't work
How much distance would 1mm off front brakes translate into?
What OBDII protocol does a 2014 Mitsubishi Outlander use?
Brand New Hyundai Santa Fe 2016 2.4 L uses 15 L/100KM
Did the mechanic break my camshaft?
How do I reprogram an immobilizer system on a 2005 Honda Civic?
Are expensive high-brightness 55W headlight bulbs worth the investment?
GDI intake cleaning before or after oil change?
Old windshield chip
How do hybrid's with all-electric mode typically handle oil changes?
My 2008 Volvo xc70 dashboard shows steering wheel locked, car will not start, what can I do?
Should I change transmission fluid if it's black?
Coolant fluid in canister purge valve line
Identify that part of my S56 BMW M Coupe
Why use distance to indicate the usage of an engine
Mazda Familia - Hesitation with full fuel tank, gets better as fuel level drops
Can I program a new aftermarket FOB for 2005 Mercedes benz c320?
Once-only thud knock when open throttle
Peugeot 207 convertible: "impossible to move roof: outside temperature too low"
Weird "old"-sounding engine noise. What's the problem?
Volvo AW55 W mode hard shift avoidance
Muted howling noise at about 2000rpm Nissan Micra K12 2005
Honda Civic Mk8 FK3 interfacing with ECU/body computer
Car stalls on intersection or when coming to a stop
How to measure a vehicles wheel bolt pattern?
Do I need to worry about varying boost pressure when installing an electric supercharger?
Rough idle @ stoplights - O2 sensors reading zero voltage
Turbo equivalent on electric motors
2006 Jeep Commander - heater is only blowing hot air
1994 Dodge Dakota V8, Antifreeze leaking from water pump
How to fix U0164 error code for Chrysler 300 2006?
For how long should I idle at a stop?
Problem switching in new dome lights in the front
Hyundai Tucson has trouble shifting when ESC and DBC lights come on
Brake judder on new rotors
Chevy sonic 2014
Access locked trunk of Corolla 2003
Troubleshooting Trailer Lights
Citroen C3 Picasso HDI 1.6 - Oil Consumption Question
Oil leak: any idea of the likely source?
Nitro OBD2 SCAM OR WORK?
Ford Focus 2008 Error code: P2585-61
Fork bent and replacement
Can I transfer a 2007 Kia Sportage home-link into a 2016 Kia sportage
New brakes, intermittent ABS light and battery light
Does stopping the engine while it is still moving/turning damage my car?
Diesel engine vs petrol engine characteristics
2007 BMW X3 3.0Si wont start
How did they start diesel engines before the glow plug was invented?
1998 Oldsmobile Intrigue - Takes fuel super slow
Toyota Fortuner OBD2 protocol
(Mandatory in the EU) CAN through OBD-II?
Honda CBF 600: odometer has no reading -- what can this mean?
How does raw fuel damage the catalytic converter?
Electric Oil pump
Restoring a third party Sailcloth soft top
Stubborn rear fog light (BMW E46)
1996 Mustang GT won't start with shifter in Park, but will start in Neutral
Honda accord speedometer petrol needle and temp needle not lighting up
Do these EBC brake pads look like a counterfeit?
Emissions Problem: Lambda AND CO Slightly High on my 98 Mazda 626
Why does the air conditioning suddenly blow cold air?
Can a weak battery destroy an alternator?
Engine won't rev past 2500 in Park/Neutral
Auto transmission just stopped working while I was driving
How to go VTEC with a D16A8 DOHC engine
Rod knock in my engine?
Vibe: Rear door lock no longer affected by remote
Alignment and Lower Control Arm Bushings
Radiator has a leak and the upper hose is clogged, car does not overheat. White smoke from upper hose
Thread on bolt - what happened?
Will a ground to the frame work properly if the bolt is powder-coated?
Do cars go from Drive to Neutral on their own?
Jack stand placement on frame rail for 2000 Toyota Camry
Is there something that can be applied to electrical connections to prevent rust and corrosion?
Bumper cracked after 6 months being repaired at bodyshop
1993 Jeep Cherokee tries to turn over but wont
Can engine oil type cause a car to overheat?
What is this thing hanging from a wire from the front headliner at the top of the windshield?
When do car manufacturers stop making the current model year and start the next model year?
Detect AC(on/off) and Window(open/close) of CAR using OBD
Correct braking technique on a manual transmission
How can I calculate MPG using an OBD-II Device
How to find out if my non-fuel injected car has a rev limiter?
Do cars consume less fuel when in Neutral?
Clutch smell after botched attempt at accelerating on a ramp
Merits and demerits of OHV vs OHC
What are the various causes of preignition / detonation?
What additional wear will occur on the drivetrain from running larger tires and not regearing?
Power Steering Pump Leak...Wrong Fluid Used
Can you still "motor" a manual transmission car with the starter motor?
Alternator isn't charging battery properly. Replace or swap regulator only?
Gear Shifting is Very Hard
Honda Brio AC Problem
Tyre with a cut or crack
Dodge w150 318 727 torqueflite; need help with wiring
Discerning a component of a motorcycle
2004 Hyundai Sonata GLS won't start
Car rolls back when braking at low speed on 14 ' Audi S4 (B8.5)
Motorcycle exhaust rattling / clunking / popping / burbling on deceleration
06 Solstice LE5 DTCs
Time Delay Relay and Flyback Diode
2009 Honda Accord 2.4l P0300 P0302 P0303 P0339
volvo ignition key
2003 Suzuki Katana GSX600F - No Start Issue
Mysterious coolant leak HOLDEN ASTRA
Why does my car jerk and jump when I stop?
Wireless headset standard for Dodge Van
Hard time starting car, Tried New Battery but issue has returned
Buy a new car or old car
How to get the swamp smell out of my car?
How do you take wheel locks off a '95 Mercury Tracer?
98 jeep wrangler 4- cylinder charging problems
Anyone know what car this is?
Connecting to the Battery During Emissions Testing to Measure RPMs?
Can't find schrader valve
Strange overheating behaviour
Does the brake bleeding sequence really matter?
CAN data for Mahindra
Ford Econoline Van AC Failing
Effects of sunlight on engine oil
'90 alfa 164 V6 3.0 12v bad idle when hot / hard to start / bad rev under 2000 rpm
Worrying sound while shifting : released the clutch too quickly?
Which oil filter has the highest debris capacity?
Clunking sounds when decelerating or idle with clutch engaged
How can vehicles run on E?
Replace lifter without removing heads or engine in 2000 Mustang?
VW Golf MK4 1.4 16v 1998 - Steering wheel hard to turn after Power Steering Rack change
peugeot 207 cc depollution system faulty when roof down
Why is one of my interior components electrified?
Audi A1 makes a loud engine sound
Is the unreliability of the 400 Small Block Chev an Urban Myth?
How do I get to see my Mode 06 in OBDii
Should I get the tire checked?
TPMS sensor on tires for 2010 Nissan Altima
My Jeep is making a squeaky noise when I apply the brakes and when I drive slowly it makes a clunking noise
Is my 1999 blazer having transmission problems?
The Testing Procedure for the Mazda 626 Alternator in the WSM is Unclear
Will higher octane fuel improve towing power?
Starting Problem
Why do attempts to charge a flat car battery with an electronic battery pack give results as if there's a short circuit?
BMW 1 Series (2016) Bumper Repair
2012 Ninja 250 Clicks When Trying To Start
How clearly dilineated are the four strokes of a four-stroke engine?
Why are shock absorbers in wishbone suspension systems mounted on the lower control arm?
Canister purge valve constantly opening
2012 chevy equinox blows hot air even shut off
Making a custom exhaust
Which electrical parts in motorcycles are obligatory for basic driving capacity?
Is there a way to use a PC as an ECU for testing CANBUS Sniffer devices?
Why do we mostly use fossil fuel instead of a more reliable and larger sum fuel?
08 Silverado 5.3 rough idle and dark cold start exhaust
When jump starting a car why not hook up the negative on the donor car last?
Engine sputters when turning left corner
2013 Honda Accord clicking repeatedly on its own?
1998 VW Beetle - Clutch and Electrical Issues
Where can I get help finding my way around the engine of my specific model of car?
Rhythmic "soft screeching" noise for a minute after cold starts on cold days ... sometimes
A/C only kicks on when set to defrost
How much disc brake drag is acceptable?
Will a Slight Overfill Harm an Automatic Transmission
How Does Being in Drive Disable the Starter on an ATX Vehicle?
Torque convertor shudder?
Is tire life by mileage a failure point or wear point?
2004 Crown Vic seat belt tensioner won't extend
In Canada, would doing my own oil change void the warranty?
The Kawasaki H2R Motorcycle has a blower, why doesn't it have an intercooler?
Opinion on buying a Lancer A17++ vehicle
Is there any advantage to keeping the battery "topped up"?
Rumble strip noise on 1999 F250
"Valve like" noise after modifying camshaft ninja 300
Pontiac G5 transmission sometimes grinds when shifting into first while stopped, occasionally stalls car
Is there something I can use to replace a fuel gauge sender float?
Engine temperature range?
Car is shaking, feels like the car doesn't have as much power, gear knob also shaking and exhaust smells of fuel (and was louder than usual)
is there always pressure when taking off the gas cap? Does it relate to a full reading on gas guage?
Warm fuel injected engine stutters when accelerating
Mazda 3, temporary acidic vinegar/mayonnaise smell
How to Adjust Camber on a 1999 Chevy Suburban
2013 Toyota Highlander Snow Tires/wheels work on 2016 XLE?
AC Cooling stops at high speed
Coolant expansion tank issue
Can I balance my wheels at home?
How do I save myself from a sinking vehicle?
IAC valve cycling eratically
Slippery handlebar grip handles
2000 Dodge Neon P1390 Cam/Crank Correlation
2009 BMW 328i Crank but Won't Start
Razor Dirt Quad kids ATV payload limit
MINI R53 won't turn over - immobiliser problem?
Does a carburettor engine apply fuel at high speeds when the pedal is no longer depressed?
Bleeding Brakes 2002 Bonneville with ABS
Fault code decoding
Bleeding Brakes
after replacing icv,intake boot,valve cover gasket and return to stock air box from CAI,car will not hold idle 325i 1994
Transmission slip
Before changing a fuel filter is it ok to let the line run dry?
What could cause high RPMs but no power?
Wheel rubbing/tight at one point per wheel revolution
Are widebands known to go lazy over time?
Is it bad on your fuel pump to have your tank run low?
Is charging my engine battery like this bad?
Pros and cons lowering sedan?
I hear a click when i go to start my car... But starts up on second attempt
Looking for software/device to track members of a riding group
I drove my car with the dipstick left out, did I do any damage?
Startup problems: low idle RPM and stall on pressing the accelerator
Car stalls and won't restart, but disconnecting the battery fixes it?
What steps can I take to keep my car (V70, driven primarily for short commuting) in good condition?
Proper parking technique for a car with electronic parking brake
How to measure transmission fluid levels?
How much gas does a car use per-mile?
Why am I not moving after starting car and shifting to Drive?
Replacement: How do I determine what wiring harness goes with my headlight?
Why is there a trend towards cantilevered rear wheels in recent motorcycle designs?
How to raise the car higher than the jack stands will allow?
Buy a car for cheap to avoid registration costs?
What's better about an expensive distributor?
I feel small bumps while driving
2002 Sonata that accelerates on its own and with braking seems like shift lockup. Also at a complete stop the car is still reving
Renault Clio 1.2 2003 all the car does is clicks - Starting Issue
Subaru - seem to have broken a tooth in starter pinion or ring gear
Car battery ground appears to have severed, is it safe to jump?
Is it Possible to Control Lights through OBD-II Port?
F350 2002 wiring problems
Purpose of highlighted mirrors in trucks
Do cars and passenger airplanes use the same type of exterior paint?
2000 Honda Accord - Attempts to start cause lights to go out with no clicking and fails to start
2006 Mercedes E350 4matic , v6 engine
'Click' Sound on Applying Brake
2002 Mercedes E320 - Exhaust getting into the cabin of the vehicle and causing headaches
Oil level indicator on my 2005 Caddy CTS message center does not indicate problem, even though oil level is dangerously low.
2005 Pontiac Grand Prix overheating
Two Fuel Pumps died
Does free revving a diesel engine to 4000 rpm (1.6 crdi- hyundai) cause any damage?
Why do modern vehicles omit a temperature gauge?
Hydropneumatic suspension ride height
Do Manual transmission cars perform better than Automatic transmission?
Golf MK4 Window Motor Click and Window wont open
1991 lexus ls400 v8 AC condenser removal
2002 Honda Civic suddenly not starting (with clicking noises) & not responsive to power keys
What can cause my motorcycle to shift into gear (but not all of them) without using the clutch?
How to flush engine coolant system after oil intrusion
Why are H4 LED headlights not designed correctly?
How to Use Glue on Dent Puller Tabs
Should Multiple Coolant Hose Leaks in a Short Time Worry Me?
What to take into account when looking for rims
Engine stops and re-starts by itself
Brakes getting tight on their own
Power on issues - Car radio
Is this the ATF drain plug on 06 Ford Fusion (please confirm)?
My 94 Honda Civic..which is a manual..will crank but not start... but it will clutch off
How can I keep stray cats off my car?
MAP sensor covered with gasoline
Cleaning brake fluid (general tips)
What are the pros and cons of having "summer wheels" and "winter wheels"?
Cold Air Intake and Engine Wear
93 325i E36 - help with tires
Headlight and dome light flickers
Cleaning and Shining Black, Under Hood Rubber and Plastic Parts
Are there requirements for building a car-PC and it's software?
Why is a flywheel important to a car?
What are the benefits of a lightweight flywheel and why aren't they lightweight already?
Should a suspension air bag be changed after so many miles?
Optimal acceleration for automatic transmission?
2010 mini cooper transmission noise and gear shift at RPM higher than normal
Horsepower at wheels calculation
BSFC (Brake Specific Fuel Consumption) - How is this a beneficial measurement?
How is AFR calculated from ODBII readings
john deere sx75
Why do combustion chamber combustion gasses turn the engine when it only burns?
Modding Honda Ridgeline cigarette lighter to power USB ports
Radiator Water Issue
VW Jetta GLI making intermittent grinding noise on launch
how much coolant required in chevrolet spark
4x4 for sports cars (street use)
WOT uphill, no increase in RPM, consuming more gas?
2006 VW Jetta TDI EGR cleanup
2000 Mercury Sable instrument cluster and headlights do not turn off
Motorcycle Starting Motor does not crank, WHY?
Car interior rattles on idle
Mercedes c240 4matic: permanent AWD?
As all metric threads appear to have the same angle, is a metric thread file universal?
Does putting an automatic car into neutral at stop lights significantly harm the transmission?
2003 Ford Focus 5 speed Stuck in Reverse
Mercedes E-350, 2006 sedan ignition problem
Can't get into trunk of 2000 mercury marquis
Software solutions to lighter flywheel issues
What is fish plating a frame?
Mazda CX7 metallic pulsating sound when driving below 20 MPH
Wheel rim chrome repair
Does Tig welding a frame add more strength where fish plating isn't required?
What is the effect of changing rim diameter while keeping wheel width constant?
Is there a way to section a frame without fish plating?
How to fix P2195, P1172, P1174 and P2197 error code for Honda Accord LX 2004?
Who came up with "suck, squeeze, bang, blow"?
mercury milan key stuck in ignition, shifter will not come out of park
Temperature gauge between half and 3 quarters?
Does starting and stopping the engine lots over a short period of time in a non start-stop car damage anything?
Direct Injection Injectors - How do they prevent blow back into the fuel system?
Does it save wear on AWD drivetrain to shift to Neutral before going into Park or Reverse?
04 Pontiac grand Prix fail
Thermocouple vs Thermostat
Oddball Cat and Exhaust Manifold 04 Nissan Xterra
What does it mean to retard an engine?
Should I get a wheel alignment?
Aftermarket Pneumatic Suspension - Pro's and Con's
Is it safe to drive in race conditions with missing lug nuts?
2005 Honda DX 4dr 5spd - Gauge Cluster and Int Wipers not working, why?
1989 toyota camry revving to 4-5k in park and neutral
Needs alignment or brakes?
Replacing Headlight Assembly On Vehicle
Can a car AC unit be run on just the car battery?
What is my friend's wife not telling him (about this tire)?
How to keep wheel ramps from sliding?
Is there a way to test a failed tire to make sure it meets specs?
How do you get more horsepower out of a 1979 Mazda RX7?
What is the difference between H7 and H7U bulbs?
Wankel Engines - Port Tuning
08 Silverado 5.3 engine "click"
My car is sputtering
Oil leaking into spark plug well despite new gaskets -- is RTV a solution?
one wire alternator
What is in fossil fuels that we can't mass produce?
Problem with locked door
Car rattles at low RPM
2011 toyota tundras loses power under load
VW Golf mk4 stereo no longer has power
Volvo Turn Signal Light Problem
1994 Toyota Celica - Possibly getting too much fuel and causing a flooding condition
Parking Light Switch Engages Head Lights
My BMW 325xi smells like gas
2006 Dodge Durango 4.7 L V-8 running hot
My 05 F150 engine knocking
2003 Tibaron ECU fuse blows while driving, not when idling
Ball mount ground clearance
How can I repair cracked/broken non-structural carbon fibre parts?
1998 Ford Explorer loss of power on take off
Ducati Monster S4 electrical problems
Car loses power while driving very briefly and on hills?
My 2005 Honda Accord with OBD codes: 0507 and 0011. Howto Troubleshoot
2002 Subaru Forester S - Multiple Non-functional Electrical Components
My feet turn black
Ticking noise which gets faster at idle and slows after blipping
Basic operation of a choke valve
Does brake fluid require topping-up as brake pads wear out?
What type of Ferrari's came with wire wheels?
5th Gear slipping out when letting off gas pedal in Toyota Landcruiser HJ75 - 1990)
Suggestions for refinishing suspension springs
Hand turned the crankshaft while in gear. Clutch damage?
Wrinkled seat cover. Solution?
What can be used to protect the under-carriage of a hot rod?
2010 Toyota Matrix - Brake Shake Highway Speeds
Ford Focus 1.4 ZETEC - possibly ECU problem?
Is RAV4 SE higher trim than RAV4 XLE?
Rotors - Slotted and cross drilled, are they better than OEM rotors?
2004 mustang v6 new altenator and battery
Pontiac Solstice - Starter Issue
Is Lysol a good treatment for the musky AC smell?
What would happen if you shifted into reverse while you are going forward?
Will bigger rims raise my car height
I've got oil in my coolant but no coolant in the oil - Ford Triton V10 Motorhome
How does mounting +1,+2 and +3 affect your vehicle?
2000 ford ranger won't start
Why Does Coolant Flow Through the IAC and Throttle Body
What is the yellow precipitate in my outboard's carburetor?
Are classic cars safe?
1993 Model Craftsman (917.257560) dies when blades are engaged
Car randomly pulls left or right when braking
Can I only get an alignment on new tires or is the salesman just being pushy?
Is there a way to check for rust on a classic car before purchase?
Is sand blasting safe on old cars?
2010 TDI Jetta Strange A/C Pressure Readings
2006 wrx overheats going slow but not at speed
Mercedes CL500 Water pump & AC
Basic Roadside repairs courses
Starting issue with 2007 F350 6.0 diesel
Brake issues 2004 Pontiac Grand Prix
What is the "Activated Carbon Cannister"?
Motor blown after first oil change of the season after sitting all winter
MB 2004 C320 wagon overheating at idle
How would you repair a clogged windshield wiper sprayer?
How do I fix my Heater & A/C in my car, suspect vacuum problem?
What is the process of "mini-tubbing"?
03 Honda Civic Serious Brake Caliper Question
Interior Dash Lights & AC Control Lights Are Out
What is more important the age or the mileage of a vehicle
Rover Mini Mayfair Auto 1990/H
Do Front-Wheel Drive cars consume less fuel than Rear-Wheel Drive cars?
2004 ford taurus motor knocking when car starting
How can I detect vacuum leaks without access to a smoke machine?
Is there any car that comes from factory with a integrated dashcam?
How do I remove oil sludge from an installed engine?
Ford F150 broken spark plug removal
Can I salvage a towbar from an identical donor car?
1998 lincoln continental with fluctuating idle when put in gear only (drive/reverse)
Trying to figure out if my rotors are bad?
Hand-testing Shock Absorbers
Do pistons keep moving when the car stops?
Triumph America 2002 running lean on one cylinder
Why do some engines use both TPS and MAP sensors?
Does the oil level in my Pulsar 220 FI change the engine sound?
Does using a ratchet size adaptor on a click-type ratchet wrench reduce the applied torque?
How can I remember when to service my vehicle?
Excessively over filled motor oil. Ran for a few seconds until smoke came out. Now my car won't start
Does Fiat need dedicated FiCom OBD hardware and software for diagnostics?
What are the protrusions on a front-end bra for?
what sensors and formula are used to control VGT/VNT turbos?
How do I inspect a used tire?
If only replacing two tires should they go on the front or back?
How to remove metal valve caps?
Can a modified or non-fixed firing order yield a racing advantage?
Horrific Squealing on Start - 2002 Pathfinder
How can I determine the turning profile of an articulated vehicle?
Small crack/gap between cylinders on block
Why has my car burnt through all the oil?
Uses of small sized 1/2" drive sockets
Mode 02 - Freeze frame data use
06 Cobalt - Car dies while driving and won't start back up
Is there a difference in cars manufactured for hot or cold climates?
Dent removal from passenger door
Car sounds and feels like wants to shut off
Engine running rough after spirited driving
Is it Safe to Drive With Low Engine Coolant?
Why does a diagnostic tool that can erase messages cost so much more?
2004 Isuzu Ascender Sputtering and Possibly Misfiring
Nissan door does not open from outside
Why does my car engine rev so fast when running uphill
What is the liquid used in the 2014 M3 charge air cooler?
How should I properly connect a high-current accessory?
Engine revs without much acceleration
Where can I find a power adapter to run a car stereo from a wall outlet?
2000 Ford Taurus ABS reluctor ring grinding on lower ball joint
96 Ranger. I replaced the clutch. Now it won't go into gear
Can I drive with a broken/without the spider spring in my clutch?
What are the differences between a normal and an anti-hopping/slipper clutch?
How to Make a Homebrew Engine Degreaser Spray?
I changed the oil and might have put too much in. What do I do?
What is the funny looking thing attached to my new mazda3 key fob?
1991 Celica with 3SGTE motor been sitting for a year- what can I expect?
Starter stays engaged
Heavy noise from the tappet of my RE Classic 350
Fixing a gasket oil/transmission fluid leak with epoxy glue - possible reaction with oil?
How to test if oil is leaking into combustion chambers?
Why should I back off all valve lash adjusters until valves are closed when changing a head gasket?
Minor boost leak and shrill tone at peak boost: hose clamp, gasket or blow off valve?
Do no-name tires go through thorough testing?
Main engine not firing after non-engine-related fixes (replacing fuses and transmission fluid), starter/fan fine
2010 Ford Taurus in neutral has higher idle speed
Corsa D Stuttering Accelaration with Malfunction Light flashing
How to remove the 50 amp, 80 amp and 100 amp fuses from the positive terminal of a RAV4?
How to test a bolted-in heavy duty 50a / 80a / 100a fuse with a multimeter without removing it?
Ford Focus won't crank no clicking light on dash come on.
How to check if spark plugs are firing? Coil-on plugs
Overfilled my B&S 725ex self propelled lawmower
Slow speed crunch/pop sound?
What is a vibrator on a Model T ignition coil for?
What would be the need for more than 2 ground wires in any car, truck, suv, van?
Help installing LED tail lights
Overheating '98 Subaru Legacy Outback EJ 25
How fast is one RPM on average?
Motorcycle dumping coolant from tailpipe
What are the dangers of refilling your air conditioner yourself?
Transmission disengages itself
Tire slash or blowout on 2005 Corvette
Meaning of relay acronyms: H-LP, E/G, DIM etc
Shifting on a motorbike by preloading
Do I have to reprogram the ABS module to fix the ABS light on 528i BMW?
I think my clutch is failing, how can I tell what needs to be replaced?
Can a lightning strike cause your car to not run?
Prepare car for long distance towing
What are the "1" and "2" or "L" gears used for on an automatic?
Volvo V60/S60 <2012 LED bulb replacement
Is it okay to splice a backup camera into the reverse lights?
Hydraulic steering goes left but not right
Will I damage my car if I don't fix evaporator core leak?
Gear Shifting from Neutral to Drive
Have any systems been created for electric cars to intentionally reduce torque in icy conditions?
Car bounces back and forth after shifting
Overheating and more
Can't start a Kawasaki GPX 750
Inside temperature reading 13 degrees lower than actual outside temperature - what could be the problem?
Does a full fuel tank speed up the CEL turning off after changing the fuel cap?
Does engine braking an automatic wear out the transmission?
Interface tracking device with OBD II (or alternative sources of data)
Tmec 50QT-2 scooter wont start
Engine oil sludge
Tires squealing when braking
Cylinder leak down test to detect oil leakage
How much force is needed to push a piston down?
Lexus HS 250h car; a/c noise from inside the car
2003 Dodge Durango - Can I take the front drive shaft off and drive the vehicle?
Honda Jazz 2007 1.4 Dsi CVT
How long would pouring a little oil into a spark plug well take to stop a car starting?
08 Saturn Aura needs help
08 Silverado static/scratching noise from dashboard
2000 Chevrolet Silverado brakes dragging, 4 new rotors, 4 sets of pads, new e-brake shoes, new front calipers
Volvo V70 turn light activator
CVT transmission slipping
Broken shifter? My 96 Ford Taurus won't shift out of park, and I don't know why! Help?
How can an oil plug just fall out after three months and 3,000 miles and the car has just 35,000 miles on it, 2014 Ford Escape
Automatic car won't start, steering wheel won't turn, key just makes car click etc - but radio works?
How to diagnose the cause of no power reaching the spark plugs when power reaches everything else, after checking fuses?
Starting a 2 stroke jet boat after several years
Replacing a dashboard for another one with more indicators
How long before replacing tires that are already at 2/32?
2005 Ford Taurus U Vin Unstable Idle, Charging System Problem?
Cylinder misfire after leak down test
2016 RAV4. 18'' vs. 17'' wheels?
When spraying a part of a car, how do you avoid 'cut off lines'?
Unsticking a stuck rear electric window
Seat heater fuse at 12V even when ignition is off?
How bad is 30% cylinder leak?
Service intervals of different cars
VW Transporter T5 - p1503 Generator Terminal DF (Load signal) Signal Improbable
Coolant pouring out from under 1998 GMC Yukon as fast as i put in
Proper operating temp for a 1983 Mercedes 380SL?
No Acceleration, loss of power, backfiring, CEL, stalling
Why has white powder formed on metal parts after cleaning with degreaser and what can I do about it?
What is powder coating and how do you do it?
Smell of Ammonia when driving. What can be the reason?
How to lock crank shaft while torquing central screw?
Paint color code between metallic water based and not water-based (Mayerling Green)
How do brake lines connect to their respective fittings?
Jetta Part Identification
Toyota Camry 2007: The Brake Bleeder Screw is rusted and stuck
What are the consequences of using an expired tire?
Please explain Horsepower and Torque
There is vibration in car (2008 Honda CR-V). Getting new tires did not solve the problem
Citroen C3 - Passenger Doors Fail to Open
Strong gas odor 1997 VW Eurovan
Leaking water under bottom left of the engine block
Smart and effective ways to light up a garage without relying on power outlets?
2001 pontiac montana minivan- gas gauge does not work
My brand new bike stopped while running - why?
What should I use to maintain leather seats?
2000 Tacoma Stalls then Wont Idle
Missing part on '87 Ninja 600R
How does hydropneumatic suspension perform vs conventional suspension?
Car gives knocking noise from front during braking
1989 Chevy Scottsdale 2500 HD 5.7 liter 350
Car Shuts Off during low RPM and only happens at night or early morning
Transmission Dip stick reading at Hot level
Why is gas around a car battery only at risk of ignition from jumper cables?
Remote does not always lock/unlock the car: diagnosing RF receiver issues
Does turning fan speed down affect AC compressor load
Why is oil filling up in my air intake system?
How can I be sure that a rod knock is actually a rod knocking?
2003 Dodge Ram 1500 3.7 engine knock
Best way to add amp and sub to car
2006 Chevy impla 3.5
Re-wiring Harness in Jet Boat w/ Ford 460
What kind of amperage and sticks needed to weld a nut to a stripped cap/bolt?
My car wouldn't start
BMW Tyre pressure control system (RDC) - tire replacement
Does P0420 on a Vibe result from a pre- or a post- O2 sensor?
2006 Mazda 5 2.3L cranks but no start
High acceleration and dying when brake is pressed
2008 Grand Prix GPX
6 YO Honda CB Twister 100 cc bike delivers rough (struggles to keep pulling) power output post 40-50 kmph
Am I missing a cover in the underbelly of the glove compartment?
Locating the O2 sensors and the cat along the exhaust
What action to take when GM Goodwrench breaks something?
How to remove the clips of the Honda Emblem. Safely
Benchmark about quality levels in car parts
Tire Replacement - 30k mile, mechanic says its okay to only replace one?
Motorcycle front brake lever too close to grip
Should I replace fuses as a part of regular maintenance?
Hardware Installation on Fiberglass boat
What does a liter class engine mean?
Tire showing low pressure after few KMs of ride
What's the best place to safely store a life hammer?
Can I stock brake rotors or brake pads for more than a year?
How do I make a self start bike using a Hero Honda CD 100?
What make and model carburetor does a Farmall H tractor have?
Is it acceptable to use a 3/4 inch socket to loosen what are presumably 19mm lug nuts?
Gas Pedal, Power breaks/Steering stops working... for a while?
How do you compare two ECU maps
Oil low - incorrect oil already in. Stick with the wrong type or add correct type?
Vauxhall/Opel Astra H How to remove front door electrical connector
Bike currently running rich due to aftermarket exhaust, will adding an aftermarket air filter without any ecu work fix it
2001 pontiac montana sw- what is the wheelbase length?
50/50 Coolant Dilution after distilled water flush?
How do I roll my 4x4 vehicle back onto its wheels?
Is it safe to place wood between a car and a jack stand?
2009 prius front grill fans blowing air out
Why does an engine revving at 3000 rpm produce O2 variations of 1-2 Hz?
Soldering wires in a wiring harness
RPM rising to 3000 in neutral and Parking gear this happen after travelling 10 to 20 kms
Very occasionally, my old car doesn't start. Is that normal?
Wrong oil in trans
Mode 06 approaching failure limit
Is it bad to mix different refrigerants?
Mixing Oil Types
Wheel stuck to Rotor
Forgot outer retaining circlip on front wheel bearing, what do I do?
What is this extra light on my headlights?
2005 Honda CBF 600 -- clutch plates get stuck overnight
Check engine lights came up after Air filter change?
Honda truck waiting recall parts/sitting @ dealer lot....good or bad?
What are the yellow triangles on truck wheels for?
Wavering sound on mower
What's the best body filler to paint a car
2008 Genuine Buddy 125cc - Starting Problem
Noises & "Feedback" while cornering
What can I do to prevent my air conditioner from smelling moldy as the temperatures begin to rise?
Static electric shock as I leave the car
Increase my cars BHP?
Nissan Micra 2015 (K13) - Missing front bumper vent
Maintains speed when I let off the gas
Does body side molding damage the paint?
How to remove latex over spray from my 89 Honda
How can I fix a key broken off in a door lock?
Bushing in a motor?
Accelerator pedal goes to the floor sporadically while driving
95 Toyota Tacoma 4x4 Clutch Staying Engaged
95 Toyota Tacoma 4x4 clutch plate staying engaged
How can I restore leather color?
Diesel engine won't start when hot
can I use Liquid dish soap to wash a car prior to polishing
How can I know if the airbags have expired and what are the consequences?
Trying to bleed clutch system
No power at higher RPM
In Cylinder Pressure Testing With a Pressure Transducer and a Oscilliscope
Why does my car cut off the first time I try to start it?
Charging Battery
Royal Enfield Classic 350, Clutch is not disengaging
Brake pedal bottoms out
Is PTFE (Teflon) tape safe to use on brake bleeder valves?
Are oils from the skin a problem with turn signal bulbs?
Tracking down non-engine sounds
06 Solstice (Yay) Fuel smell after hard acceleration
air bag light stuck on
Does 2WD mode save me gas over AWD(auto) mode?
2000 Honda Accord O2 Heater error
2003 Toyota Camry dirt guard panels under car front, are they really necessary?
Newly replaced brakes smoking
New car - soot on rims and slight burny smell
Briny/salty smell from fuel tank?
1999 Jeep Cherokee 4.0L electrical problems
What to look out for when buying a car that hit a deer?
How to fix an injector leaking into the manifold?
Is it possible for the ECM to even attempt hitting the stoichiometric point if the pre-cat O2 sensor has failed?
Safe Vehicle Operating Temperature while towing
Honda Activa purchased 2 days back.. morning faced starting issue
Idle RPM is not setting properly sometimes
How to clean the mold inside the A/C drain hose?
Bmw E65 CAS/DME SYNC
What fuel lines are recommended for a propane carburetor?
Do any internal modifications need to be completed if switching over to a non-standard fuel delivery carb?
Must the voltage of the post-cat O2 sensor cross 0.5V?
Coolant leak after AC recharge
94 Z28 LT1 Camaro. Intermittent stalling/starting problem. Been haunting me forever
2002 Lancer - Shaking when accelerating at higher speeds
Can wheels turn if the engine died when in gear (automatic transmission)
Throw out bearing, input shaft bearing, or drive shaft support bearing?
Auto determine the bluetooth device is OBD or not?
Percent of Air and Fuel used for Combustion
Can't find out a correct fuel pump for my vehicle
how to clean rust on chain (motorbike)?
OBD-II Enhanced PIDs
Honda Accord Head Bolt
What does the OBD error code P0100 mean?
My lambda sensor has a collar around it, I can not see how to unscrew it. (2009 Ford Fusion)
Excide Battery manufacture date
Car dies while driving
Why do fuel need to be high energy to work inside a vehicle?
Translating raw CAN responses into meaningful min/max/value
BMW 520d e60 2008 diesel engine won't start after switching off
Peugeot 207 gti depollution fault
Create Car Battery Load from Smaller Batteries
Engine burning oil
2006 Jeep Liberty - AC clutch won't engage
is it just the battery
Missing part from a brake pad kit
Cause of greasy gunk accumulation under exhaust headers
After new brake rotor installation, white smoke come out of brake system
Can steering wheel angle/torque sensor fit to a car that had it optional?
What Springs do i need to drop 3"
Dirt bike carburetor problems
Is it unreasonable to expect nation chain mechanics to recognize a blown head gasket from a radiator problem before installing new radiator?
Oil Change Steps? (check my list) 2014 Impreza
car won't start when putting the key in the ignition
very low speed in fact no pick up at all and lot of vibration of my ford fiesta diesel
Mitsubishi Eclipse dies while driving, then won't stay on after cranking back up
2012 Jeep Patriot Heater Core Leak
2007 Yukon XL issues in four wheel drive
Where Does My Boats Main Negative Battery Terminal Wire Go?
Should I use gasoline 87, 89 or 93 on 2016 RAV4 SE
What is the correct procedure for removing and replacing the oil pan on a 2006 Corolla?
Oil burning: differenciate between bad valve seals or piston rings
Damage to shocks over speed bump
How difficult is it to replace a car radio on a 2000 Honda Accord?
How difficult is it to replace a car radio on a Ford Focus 2012?
Hard vibration when idle under 1000 rpm
'86 Ford Ranger won't start
2001 Ford Fiesta Stalling
Vehicle vibrates when driving past 120kmh, this is after doing a routine clutch change on a Opel Corsa 1.4i
1999 Chevy Suburban Sluggish Start
Which 18-pin automotive connector is this?
Car turns off when travelling at high speed
Brake lights no longer work on a Volvo V70
No power but battery, alternator, and connection are good
Replacing a boat's blown CDI fuse
Brakes don't work
Is it possible to rebuild the batteries of the Nissan Leaf?
Issues with 2003 Ford Focus headlights
What exactly is porting a wastegate and what situations would I want to do it in?
What is this odorless water dripping from passenger side of car?
Can I fit Audi 4000 compatible shock absorbers onto my Audi 80 B2 1.6D?
Ventilation fan (blower fan) stopped working
2004 Volvo S60 starting issue
What are these loops in the brake line for?
Which motorcycle engine and transmission configuration would have a higher top speed?
Minor scratching on plastic fender/skirt
1997 Ford Ranger brake pedal hard, air noise, not returning
A quart to much oil in my Toyota 4 runner 2001
Calculating actual speed of vehicle based on wheel size?
Blown fuse on K1 GSXR 600. Fuse replaced, but still no power
Driving a car with four out of five studs tight on one wheel
Coil popped out of head
Is this diagnostic correct?
Why is there no pressure in my 06 Chevy Impala...?
cooling system vw
Engine smoking with normal temperature gauge
Proper way to stop auto transmission car
Why did my Kymko 50cc Agility Scooter suddenly stop running?
Motorcycle bogs down under load
Oil Leaking in Back of Engine: Fresh oil under the oil filter cooler
Volvo S80 (2008) Ignition - Car Not Starting
How much pressure in ATMs is acting when a combustion happen?
2005 Montero LTD — Brake Warning Light - Intermittent
Sunroof motor working, but will not retract
Starting a diesel tractor
Is a greasy exterior a sign of bad maintenance?
How do the rear brakes on a 1995 Chevy 1500 self-adjust?
Do all airbag squibs on Opel Corsa C include steering angle sensor?
2011 Jeep Liberty ran without oil, did this cause my engine to blow?
93 Dodge Dakota ATF cooler line
Failure in A/C compressor due to flood?
Boat Not Getting Power to the Starter Motor
Honda Civic O2 Sensor
Oil pan worn/ mazda6
Torque reduces gradually after certain RPM
Unable to shift into low range when cold on my 100 series Toyota Landcruiser
Car Ethics, Book Value and Disclosure when selling older cars
How exactly does Sport Mode work in an automatic Subaru Outback?
Identifying Lug Nuts that came with Motegi Wheels
Ignition key gets blocked when wheels are removed and fixed again
89 Pontiac Trans Am GTA Stalls No Start
How can I tell the approximate real milage of this vehicle?
1999 Subaru Forester - bad acceleration, rough shifting
EFI engine car failed Emission test?
2006 Audi A4 2.0
Paintless dent removal long term side effects?
Don't know if its my transmission, or gears
2001 Chevy Cavilier brake issue
Engine stalls when RPMs reach 4500 under load, but not when vehicle stationary
Where do spark plugs get their electricity?
Replacing interior lights with LEDs (2003 Jeep Liberty)
How do I know how much tread I have left on slick tyres?
2005 Subaru Legacy Outback 3LR g H6
Getting Wiring Harness through Radiator Support?
1996 Oldsmobile Ninety Eight: door handle/lock dented in, stuck shut
Is it better to hook up a Battery Maintainer for 2 months outside, or take our chances with the battery?
Low beams don't work but the high beams work in a 2002 Toyota Tacoma
New 2015 Hawk 250 Enduro
Rust From Repaired Chip in Paint Didn't Go Away
How long do the entire combusting cycle take?
Pivoted curved-path piston engine
Would JB Plasticweld work well for radiator repair?
What kind of DLC did Toyota's have before switching to OBDII?
Cranks, but No Spark and Can't Connect to the ECU
Electrical issue in vehicle - fuel gauge drops to zero when horn is activated
Recreate new car smell
2003 Impala no brake lights
How to replace Alternator out (2001 Nissan Sentra) [pictures inside]
What is this part on a 1997 Chevy Suburban (4WD) [picture inside]?
How is it advantageous for fuel management to detect negative mass air flow?
My 2004 PT Cruiser is overheating
brakes wont bleed after replacing lines from mc back 98 gmc jimmy
2003 Dodge Ram 1500 3.7 backfires and won't stay running
2005 sebring overheating
1st and 2nd cylinder not combusting in dual carburetor'red setup
No power to my 1988 LS650 Suzuki with new charged battery
Semi-permanent power inverter
How can I check if a wheel axle is straight?
Missing a bolt to take out to remove alternator 2001 Nissan sentra
Diagnosing fuel pump relay on 2004 Acura TSX
I need to replace an engine in my heritage
Could Hydrogen Be Used as a Fuel?
Why do the running lights turn on when the car is off?
how to boost petrol engine of a small hatchback
Why is plexiglass not used for car windows?
1997 Honda accord will not start
Burning Smell and smoke
1999 Katana 750 will not start
2010 Hyundia i30 - Should I keep the batter lead removed in order to prevent the battery from flattening out?
Does a Toyota Corolla need liners for their rear wheel wells?
How to calculate the angular velocity ratio of a cardan shaft?
Why does my Weedeater muffler glow red?
E85 in my 1988 ford F-150 XLT Lariat
1998 civic lx overheating
loud noise in front end tires at 60 mph
2011 hyundai ix35 2.0 petrol trouble shifting from 1st to 2nd when its still cold
Should the inflation pressure for low profile tires be the same as for regular tires?
Ideas for rewiring headlights – convert from halogen with DRL to HID + LED DRL
Ducati Monster 821 - Ignition problems
VW Passat diesel fails to start when the engine is warm
How do I reset my display on the 2014 Sonata?
2007 Nissan Quest RPM issues
Correct Relay Splicing Methodology (Backup Camera & Reverse Wire)?
What is the benefit of Forged Internals in an engine? Pistons, etc
Where is the PCV valve on my 2011 Ford Focus SES (Duratec engine)?
Can a mechanic not share inspection results to the the seller?
2003 Toyota Corolla 1.8 petrol, using coolant but not leaking
Use of a stirling engine to generate electric current from exhaust heat in an automobile
front struts 2000 taurus can not knock out lower mounting bolt. nut is off
What's the Difference Between OBDII adapters and Toyota Mini VCI?
Multimeter Voltage doesn't match ECU Voltage
Turning on Loads caused an Increase in Alternator Base Voltage
Cleaning pistons and cylinders with oven cleaner
Anyone know how to upgrade rear backup camera on VW Routan or Chrysler Town & Country minivan (2009 model)?
Gauging tight parking spots
My motor in my 2003 Honda 400EX Four Wheeler is making a ticking noise
Dual suspension to monoshock
Light bar vs Car battery
How to fix P0301,P0302,P0303,P0304,P0306,P1399 error codes for Honda Accord 2000?
Are there potential issues with leaving a car without a battery for a few days?
Do I really have to pull the engine to remove broken spark plugs?
Does Pirelli have a motorcycle tire warranty?
Fuse box location for 2006 Renault Scenic
Stuck valve, loss of pressure. Risky or only poor performance?
Power to separate starter switch only when motor isn't running
More In Cylinder Pressure Testing Questions
Trying to fasten a steel tube to an exhaust manifold
Why does my manual gear sometimes slip into neutral?
U-Joints for a Pickup
Starting fluid, does it require a spark or autoignite?
Oldsmobile Alero (2004) brake issue
Are there any risks if I use impact wrench to loosen lug nuts while the tire not touching ground?
2003 Mercury Sable - lack of power and hesitation when accelerating
Grease on wheel bolts or not?
What computer does a Toyota Corolla use?
Terracan 2.9 crdi 2004 won't start
Which of these parts can protect my gasoline from theft?
Multiple misfire on a 1998 Infinity Code
Proper way to install a U-Joint
faint whining sound coming from air conditioner
Honda Civic- no start-no crank
2003 chchevorlet S-10 pickup truck
VW Mk4 TDI (ALH) – Suggestions for Removing Stuck Water Pump
Starter problem with 1994 Honda Accord
02 upstream wire harness diagram
Hero Passion Pro - Choke Issues
I lost a door lock wire inside the door
RTV Sealant or similar for replacement of lawnmower crankcase gasket
08 Silverado 5.3 cold start exhaust smoke and engine stall
Lawn mower safety cable issues
Is grinding the "ear" of a disc brake pad ok to make it fit?
Car not starting after few kilometers of driving (Chevy Cruze 1.8L 2011)
Water leaking through visor area into interior
Reset TPM system on 2005 Toyota Corolla
Will a 205/55r16 replace a 225/45r17 tire?
The Parking Brake on my 1965 Buick hasn't been used in 20 years, what maintenance should be done before use?
Why does stopping and starting a car in heavy traffic burn more fuel?
Weird starting and not starting for my 2005 Kia Sedona
Nil HydroCarbon in the exaust
What alternator failure modes create excess drag without making allot of noise?
Is Ackerman steering solved?
I have a 2002 Mitsubishi L300 SWB Van - Can it get too cold to start it without damaging it?
Should I remove the rings when cleaning a piston?
Can I avoid buying a ridiculously expensive replacement starter motor?
What is the part on older van power windows that typically fails and how do I replace it
Why do trucks have a plastic flap under the front bumper?
Suzuki Swift running cold - replaced thermostat and the issue persists
2009 Ford Ranger heater Blend Door
Why did my clear coat turn out matte instead of glossy, and how can I fix it?
Is reverse gear in a manual transmission equivalent to any other gear?
How to Remove Stripped Hex Bolts
Coil On Plug, Testing The Primary Coil
Is an exhaust mute bad for 2 stroke engines?
2007 VW Jetta Wolfsburg Edition
How to detect Passenger Seatbelt Indicator using OBD2
How often should I change oil in the CVT transmission
Increasing rear sprocket size for torque gains, will a dyno tune be required?
Cannot pull a "deep" vacuum on AC system
Temporary scraping noise coming from wheels
What is this part?
Effects of shutting off Nissan altima (or any car) while in drive
What is causing my starter to arc?
1996 Ford E350 (5.8L) Mass Air Flow Sensor - where is it?
dirt bike low rpm lugging
Troubleshooting wires and fusable links in '96 Dodge Dakota 4 cyl. 5 speed manual
BMW R1200GS LC Warm Up
Can a tyre of r14 fir into a wheel of r14
Can I fix the power seat in my ML430 myself?
Car goes in reverse when put in drive
Standard Practices for Use and Care of Click-Type Torque Wrenches
Engine block (?) break, please confirm and suggest causes - 2003 Suburban
Solid front axle squeak while steering in wet conditions
Brake pad and caliper seizing
Are mutliple oil and filter changes necessary to 'clean' an engine?
1997 Subaru WRX STI Type R - Strange and occasional turbo lag
Pranged bearing bracket on main driveshaft: can I drive the car?
How do I properly break in an engine after a rebuild
1988 RX7 not starting, buzzing
Is V-TEC Reliable?
The ac clutch kicks on and off in sync with the radiator fan. This is definitely not right. Whats wrong?
Cheap diagnosis/repair of damaged fairing
Changed alternator bought new battery will not start
Recondition clear coat?
Steering wheel vibrations at highway speeds
Electrical - Low beams out, high beams still work
my motorcycle take more time to accelerate
Remapping a used engine
Given the following scenario, what type of engine (diesel or petrol) allows for greater acceleration and/or top speed?
(2003 Mercedes SLK230 Kompressor) Disarm the Alarm without Key Fob
99 Corolla blower motor noise - possible cause?
Where can I get my torque wrench calibrated?
What is wrong with my Ford Focus? Missfires and more!
97 Eclipse GST Turbo
I charged my car battery with no water in it
Brakes are soft
1988 RX7 not turning over
How to Properly Reinstall Rotor and Stator on Suzuki DL1000
How can I fill the tank on my older pickup truck?
how much electrolyte is usually used on a regular 100 amp lead acid battery
WV Golf IV '98 - Right side blinkers not working on signal
Coolant pressure issue
Ticking noise during acceleration
Timing chain for a sunfire
Can I use a different diameter tire size on my current wheels?
What could be causing battery drain on a 2009 Honda Pilot?
Timing belt replaced, engine dies after jump starting
Rattling noise inside driver side air vent
Car won't shift after clutch replacement
Battery maintainer vs trickle charger
Is battery bus voltage available via OBD2 scanners for 98 Avalon?
A/C Cycles On and Off in '02 Honda Civic
Brakes Smoking After Driving
Thumping/Knocking noise coming from the rear (suspension?)
2002 Citroen Saxo - Clicking / tapping noise from inlet manifold
cooling system problem throwing water out when its hot
Is it safe to fix a bent motorbike wheel?
VW Golf electrics problem with door closed
Honda CBF600NA with 150 CCA Battery?
My Toyota dealer replaced my water pump and failed to replace my coolant
How long can "Stabil"ized gas stay fresh? and can it be improved?
R32 Skyline GT-R low power
my 2011 Chevy Equinox check engine light on, reads code P0420
2015 Sentra tank does not fill up completely
What is the point of the exhaust?
2001 Toyota Corolla vvt code 1349 turns check engine light on and off
1993 Ford Probe GT that has no spark and can't hear fuel pump kick in?
Can hydrogen gas work in all ICEs?
Why do car manufacturers use plastic parts in the car?
2006 Fusion, unplugged blue plug behind glovebox, now one headlamp and brakelight not working
Need help installing Pioneer car stereo in 2006 Hyundai Sonata (power antenna)
Can I use modern brake cleaner on exterior engine parts?
What problem does a negative vacuum reading indicate when blipping the throttle?
Is it safe to run a car with the oil level above max?
Which factor determines the number of teeth in a sprocket
Parking in the open in heavy rains
Quadrajet issues
2002 Pontiac Sunfire
Buzzing sound coming from Audi A3 2.0 TDI engine
Should I apply grease to my trailer hook?
Installing clip on bars, limited space available. Will an adhesive be neccesary?
Paint Code - LeMans 1988
Bad voltage regulator?
What is this quarter window part called, and how can I get a replacement?
Bulge in infiniti q50 driver's side bridge stone
Hard steering on 2001 Lexus ES300
Why is the speed of a motorcycle measured at the front wheel?
Overwhelming the Eng. management system, is there specific course of action to recover faster
Sharp cornering is turning my Service light on for a second
What temperature should the A/C blow?
2005 Impala OBD2 not working right
unmatching tire sets
Need urgent help - car cut out and instruments frozen and will not start
Opel Meriva 2009 - Clicking noise
Troubleshooting P0507 code on 05 KIA Spectra?
A/C clutch 2000 grand marquis is leaking
Rumbling noise when going slow or stopped
Rough Undercarriage Ride
Checking oil on a newly-aquired used motorbike
Diesel car struggles to start when cold
Only one radiator fan running
OBD Accessory External Power Supply
Why is it necessary to pump the brakes while bleeding them?
Loud Clicking/Groaning sound when braking at low speed
Troubleshooting PO705 code on 1996 Nissan pick-up truck 2.4 liter engine
Warped disc rotors again?
Identifying sound from pulleys to replace appropriate part - 2006 Altima 3.5
2002 Mazda B2300 compressor trouble
New fairing from China - front centre cowl - screws don't fit
LEXUS ES300 '99
Intermittent power failure in hot weather 2007 Escalade
2005 Hyundai Santa Fe Won't Start
how to start a semi?
Current mud tires 35x12.5r15 - can't seem to find the size (all say r15 or r17) - so what do I do now?
Engine oil in coolant
Does R-134A refrigerant normally have oil (liquid at room temperature) in it?
honda civic 2005 overheating
What is compromised with rebuilt calipers?
Golf 3 1992 Model
What are the potential causes of a single cylinder loosing compression?
Jaguar Mk 9,Power steering
Auto door lock does not work with automatic transmission shifting to and from “Park”
A/C loses chill when turning on blower. Why?
Does OBD II pin 16 output is always 12 Volt?
What is the muffler? How does it work?
Is there a difference between a sunroof and a moonroof?
Will a 4x8 sheet of plywood fit inside a Suburban/Yukon XL (2007-2014)?
Using sunshine to cool down the car
Where is the fuse box on a TGB Urban 125cc scooter?
2001 Chevrolet Silverado Ignition
subaru impreza 1998 clutch noise
Find all modules supported in my car
How can expand the functions of my key fob?
1996 Mercury Sable overheating while idling
Car lost power. New alternator, new battery, and just had an oil change
Any way to assess my brake disc condition?
Replace Airbag Unit on Audi A3 8L?
Testing after complete brake job, no pressure while applying brakes
Where is the part of the car that senses the i-key?
2007 Chevy HHR, check Engline light ON, 2 to 4 cranks to start, won't accelerate beyond 80 mph
bluetooth not shutting off audio when answering the phone
Won't Start, No Crank, Lights Inside Work, Key Issue, Electric?
Normal to leave nail in tire after a flat?
Seemingly poor A/C efficiency in Chrysler Town & Country
ac issues with 2005 pontiac g6 3.5L
Can low gear oil cause a syncronizer not to work?
Husqvarna zero-turn mower keeps throwing blades
Safe to buy new piston for your two wheeler engine
Term to indicate how much force one needs to exert to steer the wheels of a car
Tire sidewall damage near rim cosmetic?
Using a thicker head gasket when the cylinder head resurface limit is reached
VW Jetta 2003 GLI 6 Speed manual stuck in gear.
Engine died after driving fast on highway
Engine Service Light - Erratic Idling 2007 Toyota Matrix
Where does the piston stop after the ignition is turned off?
What is a good solution for patching a tear in a canvas rag top?
Hot cranking problem on 6.6 duramax
1988 Prelude guages stop working when hot
What does the dust shield behind the brakes do?
2005 ford freestyle aftermarket upgrades for Hp
2003 Mazda Tribute Airbag Warning Light
Can I use hard tools to remove hardened carbon buildup on valves?
Tapping into the on-board computer
injection fault Renault Megane 2 1.5dci
my 2000 vw eurovan makes a whining sound
2002 Chevy Blazer - Oil in coolant
Should you replace the MAF sensor housing when replacing the MAF sensor itself?
What would keep my 2007 Pontiac Torrent from starting?
Convertible top vinyl small crack repair
Easiest way to find a refrigerant leak on a 1999 Olds Intrigue
Why does the engine have lesser pulling strength when the fuel in the tank is lesser?
AC Blowing Heat
Car horn works only sometimes and with very very low sound
Sudden loss of some electrics whilst driving
1999 Toyota Camry Transmission issue
BMW 3 series e40 2011 halo / angel eyes
Can running a car with zero oil warp the crank shaft, in turn causing the harmonic balancer to shake off?
What is the best way to repair these motorbike wires?
Repair question on wheel vibration
1998 Toyota Pre Runner Will not start?
Flat Repair with wire exposed?
Shouldn't a loss of compression equal a loss of power?
How to not hit the car in front whatever the car?
How much room do I need to avoid carbon monoxide poisoning?
How to make the side mirrors open or close with the locks of the car?
2000 Ford Focus will not start
1994 Toyota will not start or crank, but the key dings. What could this be?
Honda civic 1.4
2011 Ford Mondeo 2.3L - petrol fuel pump keeps failing
What sort of temperatures do exhaust manifolds on large engines reach after normal operation?
Suzuki GSX 150 fuel knob position
Volvo S80 Ventilator odor
Tyre Valve Pin Too Far In
Change clock to 24-hours mode on radio in Honda Element
2015 Honda Mobilio - Car shakes when started
Car door dented
Transmission Swap – how to modify mounts?
How Does a Quick Shifter work in a motorcycle
How to test for a leak in the exhaust manifold gasket?
2010 Chevy Cobalt will not turn over
Are there any OBD scan tools compatible with a Volvo V50 2005 Europe
Motorcycle randomly loses power
1997 Infiniti J30 is sometimes very slow to get power after a full stop, otherwise fine
A fuse slot has disappeared
Burning smell and smoke from rear tire
2004 chevy silverado 1500 brake pedal is loose after turning the engine on
Leaking gas tank due to road damage. Is repair in-place an option?
Designing IC engine
what is the difference in terms of effective use comparing stainless or normal steel wire brush/rotary tool?
How can I connect the flashing light circuit from an alarm into the main vehicle lighting on a Toyota Hiace van?
Why can't alternators provide full current at idle?
Diesel Yaris doesn't start very well after an alternator change?
Will cold air blow if A/C Clutch doesn't engage?
Mercury Comet Gear Shifter Is Loose
How to repair B1C2B error code for Dodge Grand Caravan 2013?
1989 Ford Econovan - clutch issues
Air conditioning only makes cold air at idle
What to use to lock two flanges together?
Am I doing something wrong the way I'm entering/leaving my car?
Tools for removing / installing valve shims without removing the camshaft
gearshift problem on Polo 1.6 2007 econoline
How to troubleshoot carburetor?
No compression on my two stroke
DIY OBD II "Memory saver"
Decreased MPG, clicking sound when pressing accelerator
My 99 Aurora oldsmobile overheating
What is causing this slight vibration?
BRAKE ROTOR RUST
Sealing / effectively preserving restored headlights
My left rear tire looks kind of flat
99 ford escort zx2 turbo jumped timing belt
Do I have to do anything to brake calipers in order to prep them for refinishing?
Skoda rapid 1.6 diesel, 2013.. engine oil burning
Engine specifications for 10.2 liter Chevrolet V8
Are bucket shims for mainstream Japanese cars interchangable?
Brake pads finished on only 1 front wheel
How can I fix the paint in my car?
holden jackaroo won't kick over until the third attempt
Need to rotate an out of reach bolt or pin
Will it harm the transmission to drive with a defective Turbine Speed Sensor?
Ford Explorer 2014 child seat in second row middle seat
How to diagnose if sporadic turn signal functioning is signal flasher or signal combo switch?
Loud squealing sound, only while driving (2002 Toyota 4Runner)
Battery drain when car is inactive
350z cranks won't start
How to determine exactly what's wrong with my alternator?
Can I use a FN4A-EL Turbine Speed Sensor on a GF4A-EL?
Correct fitment of wheels using hubcentric rings
Bike is not starting after 1-2 days of sitting idle
2006 Honda CRV with engine sludge issue
Should the rear brakes get hotter than the front in a RWD vehicle?
Front end vibration
What type of Brake Lube to use
engine stalling when coming to a stop
Bigger/smaller tires
White smoke from Passat
Diagnosing oil consumption on Nissan VQ35DE (350z / G35)
How to know if the spark plug or the ignition coil needs to be replaced
Clicking when I brake..?
Removing clear coat from a soft top.
Bench spring broken at 90' curve
timing belt and camsaft problems vtec 3.5 v6 honda ridgeline
FORD FIESTA 1.4 YEAR MODEL 2013
I hate thieves - Ideas on DIY deterrents
"Always Replace" (torque-to-yield) Bolts
flickering screen when in reverse with engine on
Clicking sound when trying to start
Sources of Torque-To-Yield bolts?
Things to check before getting a second hand car
Subaru Forester - Timing Belt
Is each turn with a beam torque wrench additive?
Can polishing compound ruin my car's paint job?
2001 Suzuki Intruder W/'03 ENG burning out voltage regulator
How should I remove paint from calipers?
What's the most efficient way to manually hold a specific speed?
Emtrac Plus Battery
Are resistance/capacitance based brake fluid testers reliable?
Citroen jumper buss key code sign in dash
Why nitrogen and not carbon dioxide is used in critical tire applications?
How do I reprogram my original Mercedes smart key
Cant Remove Nut on Clutch
Overheat, coolant loss, P0170/P0117, hard start, smoke, delayed throttle, no vtec
Where do you install cylinder heads, camshafts and valves in different engine types?
Troubleshoot 2002 Chevy Impala Windshield Washer Pump
what the torque should be on my 2000 gmc 4.3 intake maanifold
2002 Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo turn signals
Impact Wrench Mystery – breaks loose axle nut, but can't undo wheel lugs…
Where do the Camshaft Go?
What to do if your radiator is leaking?
2006 vauxhall astra keeps having battery drained and wont start
Is this the correct brake union for my cylinder?
2003 Subaru Outback Legacy, Blown Head Gasket
How to fix 2007 Mercedes SLK daytime running lights?
2000 Honda Accord Codes?
2009 Chevy Malibu turn signal problems
How to reprogram an 86 corvette chip key to a new Electronic Control Unit
Why would I want to measure torque while loosening a bolt or nut?
2010 malibu ac stops and temp Gauge drops
what is wrong when oil leaks from bottom of oil pan in a 1992 toyota corolla
2002 honda civic a/c not working
How to repair and clean alternator
2002 Toyota Tacoma multiple issues?
Troubleshooting Smoking Diesel (2002 VW ALH TDI)
1991 Mazda Navajo clutch issue
How to reseal tire where it meets rim?
Draw more current than its original ouput
1999 Suzuki SV650S - Intermittent clutch lever stiffness
Is it possible to detect defect of vehicle's engine by examining sound it makes
Chevy 2007 Trailblazer Sputtering in the Morning. Code P0171 has come up in the past
Left car running with heat on; now won't start - need help diagnosing situation
Anyone have experience with a faulty fuel press? Regulator?
Coolant Flange - What is it really called?
1995 4.3 Vortec w/balance shaft timing chain
1999 Ford Ranger - Removing head gasket and found mystery coolant line (?) coming out of firewall. What is this?
Does a constant blown fuse always indicate a short?
1996 Toyota Avalon How to remove a dashboard?
Renault kangoo 1.5dci smoke
Which parts in the diagram are syncronizers?
What Type Of Camshaft Location is most common?
Do Most Common Engines Have A Cylinder Head?
Indica petrole 2006,coolent leakege
What are primary & secondary engine balance?
Why do Internal Combustion Engines have specific "Firing Orders"?
Installing a 3rd party radio in a VW Polo
How do A/C professionals dispose of refrigerant?
Oil filter on my motorcycle is not coming off
Driving in 3rd gear what will it do to the transmission
1999 s10 radiator?, running, coolant system problems
Fuel meets rubber
Does coil rewinding have a negative impact with the existing system?
Can I cut these two bolts to remove the exhaust manifold on a 99 Ranger
Engine shuts off while shifting gears
Does leaving the choke closed increase fuel consumption
How long should a battery take to recharge from a wall socket charger?
Is it a good idea to wax my windows?
China yy50cc qt-6 scooter fires up but when throttled it will choke out and stall
If you change your oil with synthetic can you never safely go back to using conventional?
Replacing an instrument cluster on an 02 s80 Volvo with a junkyard one?
Vehicle cuts off while driving
Are 2011 ford fusion headrests interchangeable between option packages?
Different clutch "power" on different cars
What happens when you start a car?
2006 Chevy cobalt speakers
How would a camshaft start moving during a cold start?
1991 Pontiac Grand Prix 3.1 Liter - Alternator replacement fail
Clicking brakes after wheel bearing replacement
Idling problems on 2004 Ford Mustang 4.6L V8
96 toyota camry cranks but wont start
Nissan Navara 2005 Automatic
Honda accord high beams never shut off
What material are combustion chambers made out of?
repair air intake and exhaust and gas lines on a 2013 china yy50cc qt-6 scooter
Search car parts by VIN
06 Hyundai Tiburon 2.7l Automatic Speedometer and Odometer Inoperative
AC on 12 Fusion
AC Compressor Working?
Radiator bubbling over
What's gonna happen if I disconnect 'single piston'
P1070 code error for mitsubishi space star
Why would my Toyota Corolla die soon after starting it?
2004 Malibu not starting
Having trouble finding socket and wiring harness for xb 2005 left blinker
I cannot identify this 2004 Volvo S60 part
Boiling Antifreeze
Need to find out what part is called
2005 Chevy Avalanche
Dashboard lights flickering on and off after changing a starter
Which grease should I use on wiper mechanisms?
How can I identify which alternator is the right one?
What stops a car window from falling down?
Meaning of dashboard "Check Engine Light" on motorbike
How to fix P0300 and P0302 error codes for Hyundai Accent 2008?
Malfunctioning Ambient Temperature Gauge - 2004 Subaru Forester
brake problem with my 2000 chevy blazer
How important is it to clay before polishing and waxing?
Please help with my Intake for Opel Corsa 2014
Why do I connect the positive and the negative to the battery on a boat?
Are there some kinds of modern car, which cannot be bump-started?
2000 Buick Regal Heater/Air Malfunctioning
What is the difference between an inner tail light assembly and an outer tail light assembly?
Will towing a trailer hurt my 2008 Subaru Forester?
Why is my car losing power when accelerating?
How good are clay bar substitutes for "claying"?
Tightening Stud Without Bolt Head
Jeep Wrangler Sahara (86,600kms mileage)-Oil change
What is the cause of this strange engine noise and white smoke from the engine?
How can I resolve my mileage and CHECK ERROR on my meter?
Noise disappears when depressing the brake pedal but appears otherwise
When idling, AC does not work and engine overheats. What's the cause?
Why don't cars have a cylinder head with separate barrels?
What type of connector / terminal end is this?
What happens if I change the oil when the engine is cold?
2010 Hyundai Tucson Intermittently Stalling After Starting
Why does the Air Conditioner compressor cycle on and off even when it is hot in the car?
Will any Gasket Work on a Ford L4 Engine?
What are all the holes on an engine block deck surface?
Is my voltage regulator really bad?
2000 Honda Civic SiR turbo sputter and stalling
Safe jack / jack stand points for 2002 Ford Focus
Installing Moog stabilizer / sway bar links on 2002 Ford Focus
Focus ST 2.5 MK2 - Cambelt changed, super charger noise when giving throttle
How to choose between mild and agressive clay "cut"?
What voltage does the ECU need?
Engine tap/knock/noise within a few seconds of starting
How to leak down test a cold engine?
What is gained with "performance" spark plug wires?
Longer crank time
Esp not available message
How to refurbish an old motorcycle?
1997 Dodge Ram 1500 Stereo Wires Different
Is it possible to tell if a head gasket is bad just by looking at it?
Preventing debris from falling in engine while changing valve cover gasket
How To Remove The Alternator From A 1998 Toyota Corolla 1.3 4E-FE Engine?
Fiat uno mia 1.1
Ninja 300 camshaft failure, possible causes?
Meaning of P0245 (16629) DTC on VW ALH TDI Engine
Where does hose out bottom of carburetor on Yamaha yw50ap go?
Troubleshooting Low Turbo Boost
Is my battery draining while car is off?
97 Ford Ranger occasionally won't start
Does AC usage change based on blower speed?
Toyota Celica ST185 problem, doesn't start
Oil In Spark Wells (NOT Valve Gasket or Seals)
Air/Fuel ratio at 3%-5% of throttle position (closed throttle)
Slow acceleration when pressing hard on the gas
Is it right to say that VTEC is solely by Honda?
What to do about leaking power steering fluid
Fuel injection modification for increased displacement
Royal enfiled classic 350 sounds like tak-tak while riding?
Need Advice On Designing New Cylinder Head
2000 Toyota Tacoma - Won't start and it isn't the battery
Engine stuttering when idle or low rev (no check engine light)
Find interior width of cars for three car seats
Yamaha F40F outboard boat engine continuous alarm when starting
What do I need to install the front number plate on my car?
Automatic toyota 2002 premio car straining noise
What is this? maybe a sensor?
Manual transmission: high RPM / low power in all gears after shift linkage bushing replacement
Where do you go to find illustrations of car parts?
40MPG at 100MPH?
Steering columns squeaks only when tilted upwards
Eliminating Mold/Mildew Smell from Car without Cabin Air Filter?
How likely is a recently replaced AC condenser to be bad?
non reactive gas pedal
Car radio that I can develop for
Ticking noise on acceleration & idle?
The fuel gauge is messed up
Oil leak at rear drive shaft... 86 jeep comanche
Cracks on both front and back differential - Normal?
Rough idle + slow acceleration + engine dying after spark plug change
How to seal / repair large crack in bumper
Ford Fiesta 1.4 TDCi Oil Leak
Trailer socket problems
Acceleration practices and wear on automatic transmission
transmission blown?
Clutch Slipping on Motorcycle
Loud whining sound after revving. Alternator, maybe (but why)?
Is there any difference between pressing the gas pedal and opening the throttle by hand?
Craftsman push mower won't start after hitting stump
Ford Courier 2005, Cant engage 4wd high gear
Sealant plus wax, or just sealant?
How can a fuse drain a car battery?
Bike making squeaking sound while upshifting
What is the name and part number for the large splash-shield item under the engine?
Is it possible to repair the lower engine cover assembly?
04 Mercury Montery stalling while driving
What can cause a gasoline engine to suddenly & mysteriously stop (non-catastrophically)
Nissan Altima catalytic converter ruined twice in one month
Brake pedal is pulsing when I apply brakes? Is it caused by ABS?
Safely washing engine bay of Ford Focus
install software after HDD changed
Astra H Oil found in coolant
Electrical reverse lights stay on
EFI vs VTec Engine Types
Honda ATV TRX350 4x4 '89engine remove, how to disconnect from drive shafts?
Starter Motor Intermittently will not engage
Motorcycle Lithium Battery - Potential Parasitic Drain
Engine knocks and engine speed falls below idle upon releasing the throttle
Front brake caliper mounting bracket out of alignment with rotor
How was I able to lock the keys in my 2014 Honda Pilot?
Can valet keys get wet?
Jet Boat, Cavitation or Misfire?
What is the likely cause of engine oil in the coolant on a 07 Pontiac Wave?
Why does my engine vibrate at idle only when I have the AC on?
Testing and diagnosis for hissing sound only in forward gears 2000 Toyota Camry-LE
What issue could I have that can be remedied by high quality gasoline?
Why don't rally cars have airbags?
Spark plug broke off in engine - can I drive the car?
P2195 trouble code 2007 Toyota Sienna
What is the proper course of action after over-filling oil during an oil change?
How to diagnose low alternator output
How to fix C0035 and C0036 error codes for Chevrolet Uplander 2007?
Why isn't the Pikes Peak Hill Climb used as a benchmark for automotive companies?
How many volts/watts does a car battery give off?
8-9 Quarts of oil in engine after adding a stupidly high amount. What kind of damage can I expect?
Why are car dashboards so uniformized and include less-useful indicators?
Start a dead battery car with a power/USB charger
Coolant has oil residue
Starter squeals and fails to start
Mixing Coolants
Is the diagnosis from a battery/starter/alternator tester meaningful?
Under what conditions "BRAKE" light in dashboard can be related to malfunctioning ABS?
Maruti Alto Starting Problem
How to fix B10A2 error code for Ford Escape 2013?
What is the choke on off position in passion xpro?
Where is the ambient temperature sensor located on an Opel / Vauxhall Insignia 2.0 CDTI 2010?
Can heat plus vibrations from passing cars cause a car alarm to go off?
How to fix P0128 and P0826 error codes for Chevrolet Malibu 2005?
What tire size will provide a softer ride and less oversteer?
I entered the wrong radio security code, now I'm locked out
What do you call the distance driven on a vehicle?
Honda Hornet engine stalls
Vinyl steering wheel restoration
Troubleshooting non-functional starter after collision
2012 FJ Cruiser shudder
To Use Max AC or AC
Did Mechanics break my TPMS?
Can a 2013 17" Forester rim be fitted to 2002+ models
Ignition timing of 4 stroke two wheeler
Which is the Best Scan and Diagnostic tool for Asian Vehicles?
Car Would Not Start
Yamaha Gladiator SS 125 model motorcycle engine problem
Window Regulator Price Disparity
Are generic steel rims bad for car/tires?
BMW 3 series 320D ac blowing hot air
Where is the Nissan Rogue purge valve?
Coolant Level Sensor Connector Replacement
Car low RPMs nearly stalling a couple minutes after startup
Honda Accord Maintenance Minder accidental reset/ what to do now?
Indicators & wiper failure after running for a while
Activa engine noise
Hero passion pro India Bike is only get started on choke
How to fix P0302 and P0401 error codes for Lincoln Town Car 2001?
Can Lucas Transmission Fix provide a temporary fix for a failing syncro?
How to fix P0300 and P0304 error codes for Hyundai Accent 2009?
How to fix P0335 and P0727 error codes for Cadillac Catera 2000?
Troubleshooting low boost pressure
Will new 100 watt headlights be too much on battery?
Do Ah in Car batteries matter as much if your alternator is working correctly?
What could cause the engine temperature gauge and AC to fail simultaneously?
Can I put a coil-on-plug system in any car?
09 Mazda 6: Metallic rattling sound when accelerating at low speeds
Can Getting Fuel Injectors or Ignition Coils Wet Ruin Them?
Engine Controller Design
Leftover gas in the gas pump due to hose design
Car Won't Start After Disconnecting and Reconnecting Ground Cable
How toxic is brake fluid?
Mysterious "5th" Gear on a 4-Speed Automatic?
AC Compressor running but no cold air?
Engine Braking Force
Can bolts become fused with an exhaust manifold? If so is it possible to remove them?
Citroen Xsara - Worked this morning, now won't start
Grind/Crunch Sound Near Alternator (video)
Nissan Primera Timing Belt Lifespan
Need to repair connector for the Temp Sending connector on my Buick Nailhead engine
Motorcycle front disc brake scraping sound
My 2004 Chevy trailblazer won't accelerate or just got maybe 5-10
CVT Belt Repair Problem on my '08 Qlink Legacy 250cc Scooter
Washing a vehicle in the hot sun?
What can cause intermittant stalling for a Ford Windstar van?
If I don't change pinion seal right away how much damage can be caused?
Retrieving handbrake status light and reverse light from OBD II
High beams work, low beams do not. What is wrong with headlight?
Speaker setup in Subaru Impreza
Is this tire puncture able to be plugged?
Motorcycle won't start without jumping the solenoid
How do you remove a broken oil dipstick tube?
Hydraulic pump receiving power but not running
2002 Honda Civic over heating fan does not comes on
Steering control panel upgrade for the 2015 Kia Forte
Fuel Type (octane) for Mazda Axela 2010
What could be causing my front right brakes to get tight and decrease in speed very rapidly on a Ford Focus 2006 zx4?
Overheating in E-46, 3.23i
Accidentally poured gas into antifreeze in tractor
New LED 3rd brake light stops working
Does a CEL always result in an OBDII DTC?
Strange dull areas on paintwork after trip to bodyshop
Vibration when Stopped in Gear with Foot on Brake
Acura MDX rear-seat cup holder not opening
After market lights
Intermittent starting problem
Coolant loss out of overflow of an 1980 c-10
How did luxury cars provide smoother rides without active suspensions?
04 GMC Savanna G2500 4.8 V8 No Power
Discharging alternators
My 2004 Audi a4 is making a gurgling noise from my engine
Higher CCA in batteries in warmer climates
2004 Mazda 3 runs out of gas while gauge still show fuel
How over-square can you go?
Drove with extremely low oil, engine light on
(UPDATED 8/29) 2006 Hummer H3's radio (Pioneer NEX 4200) turns back on after the car is off
2001 WR426F Leaks a bit of oil out of the breather tube, is it normal?
Thumping noise after pad and rotor replacement
Brakes or front tie rods
Car stumbles and stalls after adding fuel additive
Rear right side vibration
Why are my new tie rod ends or ball joints sticking?
Why do vehicles handle better with heavy loads?
2006 Jeep Grand Cherokee transmission issue
Engine noise and smoke while driving with low oil, no longer starts
Idle doesn't hold on 2006 Toyota pick up truck after giving a jump, actually failing to give a jump.
WHAT ARE THE SPECIFIC SYMPTOMS OF BURN TRANSMISSION
2002 Yamaha YZF R1- Fault code 15
How does dynamic control light works
Mazda 3/Axela RVM light when OBD2 adapter connected
How to adjust power for 1st & 2nd gear in classic 350?
Why is my shifter lever extremely stiff or hard to shift gears?
LED Blinkers - Burning out on 1976 Triumph Bonneville
BMW 3 series 320D 2010 brake light and inspection light
How can you tell if a water pump or water pump gasket is bad?
Are there "standard" torque values for fasteners?
Where is the voltage regulator on a Honda Wave 125cc?
Windshield wipers on '98 Chevy S-10 work sometimes but not all the time
Toyota 4Runner - automatic (Old model ) misfires and delay in changing gears. What is the problem?
Ram squeaks after driving for a while
which lane to turn into?
How does an ignition switch work?
Can't Start '08 Civic (Diagnosis)
Oil light is always on (2006 golf 1,4i)
GM's "Quad 4" Engine
What are the Ignition Switch Wires for?
Why aren't rotary/Wankel engines used more in motorcycles?
2003 Opel Agila is making a funny ticking noise on starting
How do I tell if I screwed up my oil change?
How do I treat aluminium oxidation on body panels?
Changing from two heated O2 sensors to a single O2 sensor
Tire Pressure Sensor Sensor RF Frequency?
96 corolla: is there a way to break steering wheel lock with only minimal damage?
Electrical issue Ford Flex
I3 engine balance/power delivery
Transit lacking power
2008 Audi A6 - How to play music via smartphone?
What is a VR6 Engine
Water dripping on driver's foot. How to fix it?
2003 Kia Spectra - New radiator cap for a new radiator?
2005 Prius-After replacing 12 volt battery, door won't open, but car runs
92 chevy truck distributor problems
What can cause a steering wheel to end up misaligned, and how to investigate?
BMW 316 - Do I need a new timing chain?
Mazda Bongo Friendee 2002 charging system or alternator not working after incorrectly jump-starting it
Occasional trouble idling
Why is not replacing the engine air filter bad for the car?
Is there a rule of thumb for estimating volumetric efficiency?
Lost key for Mercedes 2000 c240 need replacement
1999 Dodge Durango won't start after backwards jump
Possible dead battery?
Why are there non-directional, asymmetric tires with asymmetry between left and right?
Motor Industry reliability data - is there a source?
Honda Civic - new battery, won't turn over, shooting vapor
How can I tell if a car battery that went completely flat is permanently damaged?
Small tire rubber split
Do I need to bleed all 4 brakes if I only opened one line?
ABS kicks on when I am moving very slowly
1995 Chevrolet Blazer - Spits and sputters over 45 mph
Broken Exhaust Manifold Stud - How to remove?
Carb. Rebuild or Adjustment?
Broken Exhaust Manifold Stud - Replacement part specs or part number
Side effects of small amount dirt from spark plug well
Why no fluid from bleeder valve
Can you leave heads sitting on a gasket overnight before tightening down?
Grinding noise while driving
Difference between FMS and OBD
Ideas for removing a broken screw in battery hold down?
Matting / Discolouration when spray painting car
Subaru Impreza rear wiper relay?
No start/crank following ignition cylinder fix (93 Camry)
Is a "coolant housing Ieak" coming from the housing or thermostat?
Toyota Prius Mk2 "gasoline only" operation mode
Odometer and radio cut out sometimes when I hit the brakes
Work involved in changing master cylinder and brake booster on 1972 Mustang
Integrity of plastic welding for car rear bumper
Accelerator pedal stuck briefly - how to make sure it doesn't happen again?
power steering fluid is being pushed out of the top of my resevior
Most reliable way to stop an automatic with a stuck throttle
Brake system maintenance
Two cars with different engines going at 100 miles an hour on the same route will be equal to each other on a no-traffic highway?
Car battery back to front (positive on front left) - problem?
Do parts (like Brakes) & brake dust still contain Asbestos? What years did parts contain Asbestos (or anything equally / more dangerous)?
Prevent (or significantly reduce) brake line rust
03 ford expedition with a poor idle to start
2002 BMW x5 won't start, does not click, no electrical power
95 blazer evap can purge solenoid valve to evap purge pressure switch valve
2004 Honda Odyssey won't start for a few seconds after key moved to ON position
01 Grand Prix No Crank when it sits in the hot Sun
Should an automatic drop gears while driving flat without using any pedals, or should it cruise?
what is round cylinder on top of classic car engine
Can I paint my entire Class C RV using fluorescent green and how long will the paint job last
How do you adjust a motorcycle clutch?
How to protect floor mats?
2000 chevy cavalier cheap upgrades
Corsa C electric power steering ECU 12V power polarity
battery light will not go out
Most effective weight reduction in modern cars?
Technique to test an alternator - fact or fiction?
2005 nissan altima alternator getting hot
Using the two blank fuse spots on my Prizm for accessories?
How to fix B223D error code for Jeep Grand Cherokee with engine 3.7L of year 2005
How to fix error code P1000 for Ford F-150 with engine 4.6L of year 2006
Exterior lights turn off
Found a set of car keys, now what?
Fix error code P2122 for Mustang 2014 with engine 3.7L
no crank, no start issue: main relay clicking like crazy
Why wont my #1 fan run on my on 2003 Pontiac Grand Am?
2012 hyundai accent runs rough
2010 Chevy HHR jerking
Reconnecting Kawasaki GPX 750 1998 to Keihin G301 carburator
Likely cause of poor performance at low RPM but normal at higher RPM?
Is Stabil ethanol treatment a suitable alternative to ethanol-free gas?
Options for catch can setup
Why do Diesel engines have a higher compression ratio than gasoline engines?
Coolant still in oil after head gasket change?
1997 pontiac firebird ignition key lock cylinder problems
What else should I inspect after repairing hole in intake hose?
Diesel engine timing?
1997 Eagle Talon won't start after overheating
Why won't my car even crank?
How much in advance can you spot or diagnose a failing battery?
When the handbrake is not working, is it safe to fully depend on putting car into park instead?
Oil Cooled vs Water Cooled
Is it possible to confirm that my oil cooler is leaking (without removing it)?
Steering rack bushing needs to be replaced. Do I need to replace the whole rack?
Replaced catalytic converter, O2 sensor went out, Replaced it and check engine light is still on
Can I use 15w-40 Shell Rotella diesel engine oil instead of 15w-30 for my 4G63 Mitsubishi gasoline engine?
Why does my ALT fuse keep blowing?
2013 Toyota Tundra disable emergency brake alarm
97 Infiniti J30 died out at stoplight, unknown electrical issue
Cruise control will not turn on (cannot be enabled nor set)
Shift struck when try to put it in to 1st gear
Corrosion on positive terminal and cable
Automatic sticks in reverse briefly after shifting from reverse to drive
Can revving the engine in neutral cause damage?
Should I wait for my car to be completely stopped before putting it in reverse?
2000 Dodge ram wont idle!
2009 Ford Focus SE, Vibration returning after replacing Engine Mount
Ignition causing problems with Electrics?? Ford Focus 06
10mm allen wrench is too small 11mm is too big
Excessive water dripping from exhaust
rpm in my car drops very quickly to idle when I foot off accelaration peddle
Car stalls in idle with AC on
What is difference between stock CDI and racing CDI in a 4 stroke motorcycle?
What could cause 1996 Volkswagen Golf Chico loss of electrical power?
Repair or replace steering knuckle?
engine will not start - suspect immobiliser
Car won't start hours after passing over water
The car engages gears but does not move and when i depress the clutch it also sounds like grinding metal
Diesel, fuel pressure drops at speed
Help with unknown car name
Corolla rumbles at 2800 RPMs but not higher
What is this U shaped tube sticking off the intake hose?
Removing fuel pump fuse on diesel engine
Why has my RAV4 started whistling after I turn off the engine?
RCD 310 : are steering wheel controls resistant?
Should I replace the ball joints or the tie rods first?
Given that one of the reasons diesel engine produce black smoke is overfueling, why do diesel dragster produce so much soot?
Car wont start unless I use jumper cables but battery is fine
Car stopped with battery warning light, battery tested fine and appears fine
Does engine sound and performance differs with different quantity fuel?
What is this small vent?
How does a lock-up torque converter work, exactly?
2004 Toyota Celica Dash gauges brown-out issue
Replacing lock cylinder and ignition starter switch but what about codes/keys?
Asking a question about power steering pump
Are my alternator brushes too short and what problems do short brushes cause?
Replacing VW 6 CD Changer with an AUX port
B&S 500 Series push mower stalls when forward momentum stops
Headaches when driving older pickup truck
2002 Jeep Grand Cheerokee Laredo hesitate/jerking + multiple CEL codes
Egr valve cleaning (2.0Tdi 2005)
Diagnosing an engine oil leak
Where does Subaru Impreza 2008 fuel filter lies?
Is it necessary to replace an oil filter every oil change?
2010 VW Golf MAPS sensor issue/car won't start
Replaced bad camshaft sensor on '97 Ranger, still won't start
Car died at red light and now it won't turn over
Everytime I go to change my oil filter it's extremely hard to remove. Any way I can make this easier for me in the future?
I have a '67 Camaro 350 with a starter that will not work when hot
99 BMW 323i E46 5 Speed Manual Trans Stuck In Reverse
Hyundai Getz 2010 making creaking sound
Are silicone and dielectric greases interchangeable?
Low voltage at reversing light socket - is it the switch? What else could it be?
Rear Rotor 2006 Dodge Grand Caravan
Something Blocking Stick Going Into First Gear
2006 auto dipstick missing on my vectra C
1984 BMW 733i Trailer Attachment?
Is it OK to run a diesel engine with a blocked fuel injector return line?
BMW E91 - remote key won't open doors
Town Car over heating problem
Oil evaporates/burns-off (becomes thicker), should top-up be thinner?
My car is overheating but its not waterpump or thermostat related by-passed heater core
Subaru 2002 Impreza 2.5 TS - Head Gasket
Reading Vehicle Speed Sensor on 2005 Honda Accord from Cruise Control Unit Port
consumption rate
Starting trouble
Why spraypaint a stator when refurbishing an alternator?
What is the effect of flaking stator wire insulation?
85 octane gas causing engine knocking and retarded CAM time?
Is it safe to store my FZ6R in a hot garage that an air conditioning unit emits exhaust into?
Car wants to die in low RPM when I start it and jerks when stopped if it hasn't warmed up
Is the dye used for diagnosing oil leaks harmful to an engine?
2003 Honda Accord not responding to accelerator
Citroen C4 2.0 HDI 2005, Lighting in ac controls and headlight adjustment not working
starting problem citroen berlingo van
2007 Saturn Aura power steering fluid loss
How do i tighten my sprocket with these bolts?
Pressing brake makes a fast clicking sound and the brake pedal jumps
My 1992 Geo metro w/auto transmission does not shift automatically, but works fine shifting manually
My AWD car has a FWD option. Why/When would/should I use FWD?
Slack in Parking Brake Line
Car starts if I press accelerator multiple times. Battery drains otherwise!
Battery light flickering
Can "hybrid" be removed/disabled from Lexus RX400h?
1997 Chevy Camaro, remote start works but key does not
Where does this oil filter gasket go?
Engine reversing water to the over flow container
What can I do to combat wire embrittlement?
2004 Subaru Forester black smoke oil not accelerating
Honda Odyssey alarm goes off randomly
Should I put my car in first when parked?
04 Lexus ES330 Multiple Ignition Coil Failures / Poor Coil Feedback Signal
06 chevy trailblazer vibration and humming in front end
How does the Koenigsegg Regera work?
fitting steering wheel controls to polo mk5
Lag at accelerating and/or loss of power
Are there major differences between a third party and manufacturer battery?
Self oil changes on warranty
How is ignition coil feedback useful?
Motorcycle won't stay on when in gear
Head light bulbs
Window & door lock not working on Golf Extra
Pulsating brakes and vibrating car after pad replacement (that later went away), should I continue driving?
AUDI A4 2009 1.8 TFSI engine compatibility (swapping engines)
Why are oil changes made more difficult by filter location, undertray, etc?
2004 Honda Civic error code P0340
How do I reinstall the floor mats on a Renault Kangoo
Why won't my Sears lawn tractor go?
The inner part of the left rear tire is covered with oil
Automatic stalls, then struggles to go up gear, revs bouncing - would low/bad fuel explain this?
125cc moped light problems
Subaru clunking and whining - differential?
Is it a good idea to remove the catalytic converter?
Differences in the same vehicle make/model/year across different markets
Does Rain-ex damage wipers?
What data are OBD-II scanners capable of logging?
What is this panel on the doors?
Can I replace my ECM in my 2007 Nissan Quest with a used one
How can I replace the perished seal around my rear lights on my BMW E46?
2005 Chevy trailblazer 4dr 6cyl 4.2vortex
Turbo Failure Modes (VW TDI VNT15)
Is Engine Air Filter Replacement Necessary on a 2005 Honda PIlot
2003 Dodge Ram AC malfunction
Honda civic 2010 steering/body vibration after 99kmp
What caused these scratches
Very high short term fuel trim
Aftermarket Radio Issues
Corolla not mixing coolant with heater core?
Can I run the engine for a short amount of time with a loose crankshaft pulley bolt?
Which side of the engine is the "front"?
Toyota camry 1997 electrical short in Dashboard
Ticking after much engine work
What's the meaning of a "lean" vs "rich" air fuel mixture
5 inch lift and no brakes
Adaptive air suspension problems
Fast Linear actuator
2007 CTS low beam headlights don't work, but high beams do work
Diagnosing the oil leak in ignition distributor
Torque wrench or impact gun on large bolts
Is messing up this gasket my fault?
Problems turning left in a 2002 Chevy Silverado
Does a '99 Dakota brake lines use a bubble flare or a double flare?
How important is bulb grease when changing low-beam or high-beam headlights?
Can I Use The Stock Honda Pilot Subwoofer On an AF Headunit
1974 Dodge Sportsman RV won't start - how to troubleshoot an RV
Why is this Oil Cooler O-Ring / Gasket Bad?
Using an oil filter o-ring in place of an oil cooler o-ring?
What are the side effects of bad hubs in a car
Stator and Rotor vs Magneto
Troubleshooting Cooling System Problem
Door Monitoring Through OBD-II Bus
Toyota Prius Does not Start up
2000 Lexus ES300, 3rd brake light is out
How could the code point to a faulty cat, when the O2 signals are normal?
2005 VW Golf 1.4 will not start, has new battery
2015 Dodge Dart
09 ford f-150 misfire cyl.5 and 7 only has spark and pulse only went is hot
automotive LEDS specified as 6v-36V required 9 or 12v... why?
Did I need an alignment?
Timing Belt need replacing? Unknown mileage
1995 Lincoln Continental A/C problems
Engine not firing on all cylinders on start
Front differential growling dodge dakota big horn 2010
Mazda Demio Rattling/Knocking sound
Full-Size Buick shudders when braking after tire change
Why does my car have this strange behavior when in 1st gear?
Shifting with torque converter locked?
battery fully discharged, got a jump-start, but what do I do now?
what is the process for replacing 12V car battery?
Radiator fluid leaking from reservoir
Clutch pedal is sticking and will not go down all the way on a 1994 nissan frontier truck
2003 Kia Pregio Diesel Van: engine starter problem (video included)
Wobbly clutch pedal
What would cause wear on one side of brake pads n rotor that were replaced not 6mo. ago
Focus CMAX 2.0 Petrol 2006 replacement autogearbox - does it require to recode the vehicle?
How do I find a cheap car stereo with aux?
Low whir when moving on my motorcycle
Engine Tap noise
Is it bad to use household window/glass cleaners to clean the windshield?
2012 Volkswagen Polo Match DSG - are these dash startup lights normal?
Can standard spark plugs be used instead of platinum/iridium?
Squeeze some extra life out of radiator and condenser fans
Cause of limp mode in Vauxhall Astra which ECU code is relevant?
Automatic Transmission RPM changes from 1st to 2nd gear
What is the purpose of this disc brake shim/clip?
Is it possible that fuel consumption increases after changing an alternator?
why does the VW dealers in NA have a different battery than OEM?
6 Cd Changer to Aux Out in 2005 Honda Pilot
What may be the cause of oil in radiator
I just removed ALL of the catalytic converters on my 5.7l Toyota Tundra. Now What?
THoughts on TerraClean vs CarbonClean?
Why isn't my ac working after I jumped the car?
Volkswagen Jetta 2005 2.5L timing chain replacement?
Any benefit in doing regular maintenance in authorized Infiniti dealer?
2015 Honda Fit LX, 20k miles, key will turn but engine will not always start on first try. Why?
Sticking brake pad on 2012 Kia Rio 1.4L
Skoda fault codes / Low Turbo boost
What is the function of this little red button?
1998 Nissan Altima Slowly Discharging Battery with New Alternator
coolant fans on 93 cadillac seville are not working
What's Reserve Capacity, and how's it different from A⋅h?
Car suggests shifting gears too early
LDV 2.5 Maxus: Does the high-pressure fuel pump have a fuse?
Driving with parking brake on
What are usual causes of problems with central locking system?
Car splutters and rpm won' increase when gas pedal is depressed intermitently
Prius 2004 (generation II): problem with brake drained hybrid battery
2002 Jeep Liberty 3.7 v6 misfires and bucks
Ford Taurus 2004 3.0
May Have put Supreme gas in car instead of regular
Corrosion on battery post
How can I tow a RWD manual transmission car with a tow dolly safely?
Prius 2004 (generation II): brake/ABS warning lights
Car hesitates when starting on a cold start
Steering wheel vibration after changing mounts on a 2002 Ford F150 4.2L V6
How to quiet a noisy passenger seat?
Honda Civic 2007 AC compressor replaced, clutch not engaging, no ECM signal
Bump on the floor in the back of sedans
Sputtering at low rpm and massive loss of power, sudden onset and persistent
Is alternator/voltage-regulator supposed to power everything always at 13.5V+ at idle?
Car battery bad, or alternator?
My coolant has oil in it could this be the coil?
Why is there white smoke coming from the exhaust where the tailpipe and muffler meet and it looses power it is a 2000 Mazda626 234000+ miles
Bike starts only when fuel petcock is in reserve position
Best diameter for exhaust valve opening for sound/performance
Can mixing octanes cause the check engine light to come on?
Garage tech drained oil and forgot to refill. I drove off - what damage could this have caused?
Can I keep driving with P0456?
Why does my brakes not compress all the way until I slow to 40Kph
Why no common ground for two 12v deep cycle marine batteries connected in series?
Solstice - Can an exhaust leak cause (really bad) hesitation?
Clutch slipping on Scania 420
What sort of maintenance do GDI injectors need?
How to isolate whining noise in 4wd power train?
Keyless fob and radio dead on Pontiac Vibe 2005
2007 Kia Spectra engine temperature fluctuating
Entirely mechanical motorcycle?
Why is my 1996 Impala running hot & the coolant in reservoir tank is boiling hot?
What model of bulb should I buy for BMW 320i 2006?
Do fault codes get recorded with a time stamp into a log with a history of DTCs?
Engine reving up and then stalling when first starting
Drove a car for 5 minutes with half of its coolant missing, have I killed it?
What reasons for a Brake pedal that depresses slowly
Long Term Motorcycle Storage
Old age car, with inter-related issues?
possible to record rearview camera footage while parked in a parking lot
Why 2010 Honda Civic1.4 spark plug fail and damaged coil and cap?
94 pontiac transport - direct shorting of blinker / brake light circuit - fuses blowing
Do car manufacturers change reliability of their cars by country?
2003 Honda - Air Conditioning not working - why and how to fix it
1995 Subaru impreza acceleration problem
Why is the ATF Level checked with the engine running?
Need Help with Honda Engine Swap
Nissan xtrail T32 manual gear box/transmission issue?
Help with '98 Civic EXI engine swap: d15z4 to d16a7
What is a "dummy injector" used for?
2011 Nissan Titan runs poorly when outside temperature goes up
Will an AGM/SLA battery still be at risk of overcharge even if its control voltage exceeds the alternator's regulated voltage?
Cleaning after a mice invasion in 2001 Toyota Corolla
Charging 24V Battery with 12V Alternator and Isolator
P0305 cylinder 5 misfire detected
How to repair a cracked plastic bumper
Diesel runaway - stopped miraculously by itself
We have fuel injection, why not air injection?
Starting a Nissan Sentra
'98 Ram 1500 - One tail light not working
2001 Honda Shadow VT1100C2 Gears will only shift into 1st and 2nd
Overheating 1996 Honda Civic
VW (Bosch) TDI injection pump fuel shut off solenoid functions
Are there any downsides to the Coates valvetrain?
Stumbling when starting after garaged
06 G35 Coupe Engine Compatibility
Did I ruin my master cylinder by putting vacuum pressure on the reservoir?
Engine Size and Fuel Consumption (cost of driving Audi TTS)
2003 ML500 Reprogramming Key
How to remove brake line nut without stripping?
What does it mean to "bench bleed" the master cylinder?
Spinning/buzzing/whining from engine compartment without the key in the ignition
Is my bike running rich or lean - I have both symptoms
Difference between Limited-Slip Rear Axle
Honda vfr 800 vtec 2011
what could caise a Rattling noise while accelerating if the AC is on?
I have a ml500 2003 i bout a key from some were eles am trying to reprogram my key am in Woodbridge v.a
Flat towing in neutral
2008 bmw 750li e65 torque specification
97 ram ac problems
Diaper rash cream on paint
How to remove rust from the cooling system
How can I find all of the specifications of a car?
Impact of conventional clutch A/C compressor vs. Variable swash plate on the efficiency of an engine
Drum brake shoes question
Possible chassis damage
Timing chain jumped. Probably bent a piston. Is my engine worth fixing?
Changing Carburetor
active noise cancelling for buses
Cylinder #4 fouls spark plug every six months - Is my engine toast?
When should I disconnect the battery to stay safe during repairs?
Is it ok to plug in battery backward to do compression test?
Cant get my Camry to accept the new FOB
2003 Yukon Climate Control Panel has no power
High Mount Stop Light in 2010 Honda Civic EX Coupe stopped working
2004 ford f150 smoke coming out of my two back tires
How does water/meth injection on a diesel work
Identifying right socket size
Fuel economy a reasonable measure of a used vehicles engine condition/reliability?
Trouble installing new bolts into rusted welded nuts
Brakes 2011 Ford Explorer
Paint quality of used cars
2004 Mazda 3 - Passenger side window receives signal to go up but not down
Repair or live with 1996 Lincoln Continental Check Ride Control
Strategy to identify a good mechanic?
Identifying a part behind front bumper cover
99 Suzuki Savage 650
Oil, brake, servicing reminder lights turn off using OBD-II
Mitsubishi Pajero (suv) 1992 v6 3000 Differential Oil Leak
Trouble Code decoding
VSS accuracy at low speeds
98 Mazda 626 with Intermitant Stall and Restart Problem
Volkswagen Vento ABS sensor repair
fix P0615 Infiniti FX45 2003.Please help me find out what is going on and how to fix it
Add an extra speaker to car stereo?
Electric Ford Focus - all lights flashing when trying to start it
2006 Grand Prix GXP V8 high mileage engine
06 Solstice - weird hesitation / bogging under heavy throttle
What is code p2647 for 2000 camaro z28
Should interior panels be held together with cable ties?
Transmission Problem?
Can a Relay that's enumerated in a Fuse Box diagram be optional? (Missing Relay in Fuse Box)
Range Rover Overheating
Car starts when it wants
2003 Honda blinkers not working
Does a plastic model engine have enough real combustion engine replica parts to simulate working on a real engine?
2005 C4 Citroen starting problems
Riding motor cycle in a slow moving traffic
I have no interiors lights and my fuses are OK, what could be the cause?
What role does CDI unit play in limiting the revs?
Suzuki Marauder gz125 fried wiring on ignition/starter circuit
What is full service / interim service / service a / service b?
Used Car Condition - Is a Compression Test a good proxy of engine health? (and what's a leak down test?)
Locked Motor - Can it be fixed without replacing the engine?
Where do the intake/outtake tubes go on a motorcycle coolant reservoir?
No pedal resistance in the clutch - 1998 Ford Ranger
Hyundai Santa Fe 2004 3.5L Random Misfire hesitates when accelerating
Does my ac compresser use oil
Fuel gauge very inaccurate and unstable on Mercedes e200 (Kompressor) 2006 model
Clutch noise after changing gears
Best way to access fuel efficiency data during operation?
Rust on rotors after non-use, mechanic said they need to be replaced
How does the BMW M4 GTS achieve low water consumption in its water injection system?
Is engine start failure reason for dealership mechanics to check fluid levels?
Start Engine If Battery Drops Below "X" Volts
Mazda mx5 mk1 1990 Cam oil seal leak B6 engine with 167.000km
Dodge Durango Transmission Temperature via OBD2
Re-stud old winter tires
Keeping my battery charged through driving alone
Difficulty putting car in gear
Overfilled the engine oil by 400 ml
Should I be getting fuel in my fuel filter even when the ignition is off in my 91 Firebird V8?
2009 BMW 335i sedan
GMC Yukon leaking coolant. Wondering where to look
TO hone, or NOT to hone,,, That is the question
Difference between black and blue eml327 diagnostic tool
SD card map for 2011 Nissan Rogue
Back wheel is still smoking after changing brakes. What could be causing this?
Engine oil light stays on for 4-5 seconds during cold start
A class Mercedes 2005 - seems to have power, but doesn't crank
Need to identify windshield washer fluid reservoir
Volvo XC90 Mk1 parking brake too weak
Scania problem in engaging gears
Honda NX 250 Carburetor vacuum pipes
Have my tyres been tampered with?
How to test an automatic transmission attached to non running engine?
Does opening the throttle mean a leaner fuel to air mixture for starting?
Oil pressure light stays on for 4-5 seconds after cold start
Car Security System Problem
Is it necessary to have the wheels of a car aligned with the body when parked, due to weight on the axle?
Small amunt of oil leaking from between cylinder head and engine block - what does it indicate?
Volvo S40 - problem at ~2,000 RPM
BMW E46 2002 Check Control and Radiator is lighting on Dashboard
Water Coolant Tank Boiling
Is there a 1:1 relationship between boost pressure and power increase?
1998 S10 Blazer Getting No Brake Pedal After Repair
Renault Megane 1.9 diesel convertible won't crank when I try to start it
Honda Element won't start
Why would an Injector and the Idle Control Solenoid be linked?
Dash switch panel on 1995 VW Golf fan switch melted, only works on 4 high. Can this be fixed from inside the cabin?
Transmission fluid levels
I forgot to release hand brake and drove a little. Is my car damaged?
Thick white (maybe blue) smoke from tailpipe while accelerating, then the smoke stopped and car runs normally
How long is a fuel cell expected to last?
Sometimes my KTM starts and sometimes it doesn't
What does the ECT button on a 94 Camry do?
Coolant leaking from the back of motor between firewall
Does this part have anything to do with a C.V. drive axle?
What is the difference between 245/75R16 and 265/70R16, and will it damage my car to drive with one smaller tire?
2005 Honda Pilot Subwoofer Lower Wattage than AF Headunit
Does engine braking use petrol?
Coasting diesel engine with automatic transmission
Chevy Silverado Fuel Pressure Is Erratic With Rough Idle Only When In Gear
how to patch radiator reservoir leaking from the bottom?
Grinding start on cold mornings
A/C Clutch not Engaging on my Honda Civic?
Side Light issues (Daytime running lights) - 51 plate Clio
Radio intermittently drops out or looses settings (2009 Lexus ES350)
Tread wear only in front tires
1999 Mercury Grand Marquis LS - map sensor, fuel filter, AC, tune up, what could it be
Why is my drive axle clunking when I first accelerate or release the pedal?
Brake fade after servicing
Tires have developed some cracking, are they ok?
Are these signs of a bad body shop paint job?
Any idea what the red colour on the engine block in this photo is?
less coolant everyday in the radiator reserve tank
Can leaky cylinder explain oil loss to burning?
My megane 1.6 2005 is running poorly
What's the difference between a taillight, taillight assembly, and taillight lens
Repairing broken power steering pump mounts
Steering wheel/gas pedal vibrations after new tires and wheels
How to calculate fuel consumption and CO2 emission on flex fuel cars using OBDII data?
How can I remove a stuck cigarette lighter?
Is this Mazda 3 motor mount broken?
Bottom of Impreza banged driveway apron
Honda A12 Maintenance Service (14 Civic EX 38K miles)
"Fill nitrogen in tires" poster - are the claims credible or just hot air?
Citroen C4 2.0HDi VTS unable to start
How will I know if something is wrong with the engine due to the radiator
If my wheel bearings are freshly replaced, what could still be causing a loud whining sound?
Redundent radiator
The Infiniti MCE-5 VC-T - How does it work?
1999 Chevy Cavalier Oil Levels
Headlights come on then go off
My car is shaking like wave on small bump
2012 Ford Escape negative cable removal
EMS light and lack of power
Is it okay for master cylinder to be crooked (leaning to left) on aftermarket power brake booster?
Which fuse blade type should I use for Honda Accord 2001? Regular size or Mini or Low-Profile Mini
MIL comes on intermittently with Knock Sensor code
Suburban won't start
Tell tale signs of a valve cover leak?
Measuring and buying new rims for my vehicle
How does color temperature influence headlight performance?
Car stereo wiring for illumination
Bosch MAP Sensor Voltage issue
"Keep in low gear" driving a gearless electric vehicle
AC vacuum held at 24in for 5 hrs at elevation 6K' but dropped after 12 additional hours to 16in
a/f mixture for 4 cycle brushcutter
What does this BRP factory manual mean by "fiber hammer"?
Did I just screw up my paint, or is it just dried polish?
Just bought a car, engine running hot, found pure water for coolant
Thin metal piece from 2003 Ford Windstar
How to troubleshoot a car not starting problem
Cold weather tire pressure adjustment
Which acceleration threshold for blinking brake light?
2000 Ford Explorer Electrical Problems
Stripped Thread: Motorcycle Brake Lever Master Cylinder
Nissan Murano 2016 tow capacity
What else should be changed if I already have the oil pan off for cleaning?
Help me understand catalytic converters and exhaust restriction
Could a car left sitting for 6 years ever run again?
Do I have a blown Head Gaskett or Bad Radiator?
Cleaning a Car Headliner
Are these symptoms of a bad Alternator?
why the check engine light on 75 mph speed?
Is my Honda push mower dead cause of too much oil
Renault Clio 2002 high idling on startup
Handlebar Internal Weight Bar too long, but is correct part
Ford Flex Navigation Screen "System is off to save battery"
What may cause Transmission fluid leak in coolant system of 2005 Lincoln LS Sport 3.9 V8
How to reprogram key fob remote for central lock?
Hyundai Getz - A/C (interior) blower doesn't turn off
Should I get 2nd Opinion on head gasket issue?
General Order Of Engine Removal Steps
How are Kevlar tires different from other tires?
2012 Pathfinder won't remember radio station or daylight savings setting
1993 Ford Taurus - Clanking noise and now won't start
Is anyone working on a battery-powered motorcycle (a real one, not a toy)?
Possible reasons for failing to turn on ignition, strange vibration and sudden stop of engine?
How does a real-time mpg display work?
Car won't start...alternator or starter?
Replacing Rack & Pinion Seal
1998 Maxima keeps revving
Why do service manuals specify a range for torque? Are there any reasons for being at one end or the other?
Lexus RX200t octane
My Saturn LW200 (2.2L) 2002 shows a error code P0719, does anyone know the problem and how to fix it?
Triumph whistle mod for KTM RC200
Why smaller engines on newer vehicles
Adjust carburettor without hi-speed adjustment
Looking at buying a 1997 Toyota Camry XLE V6 with dark colored ATF, mistake?
Car Clicks While Turning Over
How to manually turn the flex plate on an Automatic Transmission
How does tire pressure vary with altitude?
Why are road test drives of to-be-released vehicles plastered with fabric?
Mercedes Benz E280 engine won't stop
can an autogas/lpg system damage the 6.2l v8 corvette engine?
Is a bad AFM (Air Flow Meter) a likely cause for fuel cut at high RPM and poor performance at low RPM?
Ford Focus change ignition pat system chip
2012 Mazda3 shifts gears but won't move
Shouldn't my post-cat O2 sensors (lambda probes) be reporting varying numbers?
When buying a used car, how much to discount for cosmetic body damage/scrape
Ford Fiesta 2001 1.25 engine issue
Hydraulic clutch not engaging after bleed F350
Tire slowly deflates. One click per rotation noise while braking on same tire
My Honda civic 1.7 cdti steering wheel shakes when braking at high speeds
VW Golf Mark IV (2004) low acceleration with pedal maxed
Keep Volkswagen TDI or let VW buy it back?
Is a bigger car safer than a smaller car?
Can I run more stuff off of the radio accessory switch?
2004 Honda Civic Instrument Cluster Lights Don't Stay On
Can I confirm clutch slippage by shifting without disengaging the clutch (while stopped)?
Can an ignition coil melt-down?
2000 Toyota Camry LE window fails to roll up, but only when it's really hot
Can I *safely* run a Direzza ZII and Direzza ZII Star Spec tire on the same axle?
Prius V towing of ultra light camper
Seat Ibiza Electronic power control
2005 Pontiac Grand Am No Crank No Start No Fuel
vehicle will only pull when in 4 low. its a5 speed. at first it just happened to reverse but now it's the forward gears too
How to remove oil-pan when only sealant is used
toyota highlander moonroof stuck open
Would the brake proportioning valve be the cause of my brakes getting tight by themselves.
Can I use unleaded gas in when premium is required if it's an older model?
2000 Focus won't crank after electrical repair
What kind of spark plug should I choose for LPG conversion?
Ford Ka '98 coolant boiling
Can I use ultracapacitors to generate current pulses to run a motor?
Is is possible to stop a GM radio theft lock light from blinking
1996 Chevy K1500 Silverado ZZ4 5.7L - Rough Idle, Plug Damage, Overheating, EGR
'06 Charger Broken Glove Box Latch
How to troubleshoot soft clutch in 1999 Ford Ranger?
Reading OBD Data from the Old Honda 2+3 Pin DLC
What is an intake heat control valve for?
What is the purpose of the rubber cup in the master clutch reservoir?
Best quicker faster acceleration NGK spark plugs
How much damage did I do to my engine running for 20 minutes on only a quart of oil?
Electrical Issues 2001 GMC Sierra 5.3L
How to add a rear bench seat to a Chevy Express cargo van?
Honda Accord 2003 electrical problems after engine wash
Is there any risk in driving without a tail pipe?
NGK spark plug for timing advance
whats the difference between the motul c2 and c1 chain lube oil?thanks in advance
1991 Chevrolet Astro - Vents, AC, Heat Not Working
Front Brake pads and Discs both replaced
Why did my van hesitate, then stall and not restart?
2007 V6 Mercury Milan Premier key stuck
Honda Accord: ABS Sensor hasn't fixed problem
Antara Electronic Handbrake
Spring tensioner safety
If a manual timing chain adjustment is out of travel, does it indicate the timing chain needs to be replaced?
What's ECON and how is it used properly?
Avoiding the grease, dirt and oil from getting onto the skin and under the nails?
Driving after oil change - break in period?
Honda Shadow Phantom VT750 2016 trouble starting
Is it safe to drive with a crack in the windshield?
Are A/C Control Panels Universal?
Replacement Battery for a 2005 Ford Focus
2005 Chrysler Sebring coolant bubbling and leaking
Oil leak after oil change
2003 Honda Civic steering problem after collision
Prevent birds from making nests in wheel well
How to install muffler gasket on chainsaw?
Other Things to replace on my van while doing the valve cover gasket
What would cause a slow drain of a battery?
Can the viscosity of the oil affect gas mileage?
They said I had no oil or coolant in my 2016 Elantra
On a 2004 Mitsubishi Lancer, Can a separated catalytic converter be re-attached to the exhaust manifold?
Engine's RPM drops right after start and after letting off the gas
Car Battery Flat After Sitting for 9 months - BMW e87
Best way to remove carbon and gunk build up
Is this tyre damage a problem?
A/C still malfunctions after repair. How concerned should I be?
Vehicle Tracking unit to headlamp relay supply
Damaged tailgate strut attachment point in WRX
Vauxhall Zafira rear lights not working
ECU help required
Car battery dead for a while... now it won't charge?
What caused bent intake push rod?
Car doesn't shift smoothly
How does a cobra alarm system disable starting
Do self driving cars talk to each other?
New Calipers But Brakes are Locking Up and Getting Hot
What could be causing strange idling behaviour on twin carb motorbike?
Changing fluids (power steering and rear differential): when and why
My Van is Slipping Gears
04 Chevy Malibu classic new fuel filter cranks but does not turn over an it's not the theft system
Slight delay in power after rectifier regulator blew
SilLabs OBDscan can't connect to Alfa 147: latency too high!
Idle dipping and rising when headlights are on - not Idle Air Control Valve
Mixing synthetic and semi-synthetic oil
How long will gas stay fresh in a five gallon plastic container
shakes at idle in drive but fine at park or neutral
Drum show off center with cylinder
Coolant draining in Subarus
Is it bad to change wheels/rims often (10-20 times a year)?
Reversed ignition and constant wires
Fixed exhaust leak, running hotter now
Bubbles coming out of the radiator. Head gasket?
2010 Ford E250: the wrench icon came on and van shut off
Blue smoke coming from exhaust
I'm having a hard time visually inspecting brake pad wear
Honda Civic Hybrid: IMA Battery and egg-like smell
Help with Alignment Numbers
Is the 16,000 km oil change interval for the 2016 Corolla correct?
I had a gas leak and put a new hose on it. It was fine until we put clamps on and now it's leaking again
2004 Ford Ranger heater stopped working after repair
Rear Bumper, Reinforcement?
Fuse #5 keeps blowing on 2000 Dodge Stratus 2.0L
2003 Honda CR-V broken part identification
Jump starter for model A
Starter Gear On Riding Mower
What's missing from my engine case?
What is the loud clanking sound at low RPM (video included)
Rear brakes cylinder leaking; how bad and ok to sell car?
1999 Chevy Cavalier transmission-to-engine support brace
Where are the spare fuses on a 2014 model Suzuki Alto?
My Power Steering Doesn't Work All the Time
high oil consumption and oil pressure, possible PCV system malfunction
Handbrake cable for Toyota Corolla 1993
What options do I have for installing an O2 sensor in a cast iron exhaust manifold?
Car starts with remote, does not start with key
A/C kicking on and off, not putting out cold air
My car's revs keep dropping
Acura smoking and shaking
How to tell if a Subaru needs a main seal replacement
Why does a tire have the same air pressure when mounted on the car and when not?
2005 Corolla paint or coating peeling off
What are the specifications of the BXT-36R battery?
2003 Honda Civic Pulling to the left after collison
Car shakes when in gear when stopped but not while driving
Excessive Coolant Expansion with No Overheating
Meaning of Timing valve is open
ABS Fixed but traction light still on
What is the "gentlemen's-agreement" on the 600cc motorcycles
2003 Element electrical? motor?
2008 Volvo Bushings & Sway arms rattling
ELM 327 How i can know a calculated CO CO2 HC & NOx with ELM OBDII? Is it possible?
Topping off with lower viscosity oil in my Jeep?
Help Diagnosing Engine -- Truck starts but won't run after repairs
What kind of coolant can I use for my 2006 Subaru Forester? Does color matter?
Judging self adjusting clutch reserve
High RPM's at highway speeds
What are the differences between a dual mass flywheel and a standard flywheel?
How do I remove this wheel bolts cover
Leaf spring preparation
Repair Hole In Seat
2006 Pontiac Grand Prix suspension problem
2010 ford edge headlights
Can not fill gas into tank for 2004 Honda pilot
Effects of higher oil viscosity
How can I know if a TSB has been applied to my vehicle?
Testing nose weight - how level does the ground really need to be?
Brake Job 1998 Ford Ranger XLTV6 - 4.0L vin X 245ci
How long it take for car engine to heat up to a normal range ? 2005 Toyota Camry 2.4L L4 FI DOHC 16V
Is it possible to know if a screw hole needs to be re-threaded?
BMW cranking but won't start
Does car instability driving on diamond ground pavement indicate something?
2003 Honda CRV Part Identification
Nissan Quashqai acceleration problem
Exhaust smells coming from ventilation system
What are the options for repairing threaded bolt hole without drilling
Are belt conditioners safe?
How to replace a broken knob in my old trailer
Stuck brake overheating transmission?
Turning ignition off with clutch engaged, transmission in neutral
2010 Toyota Corolla 4-cylinder
Electric start isn't functioning anymore
What could be the problem? Battery or something else?
Car shutdown / won't restart after driving through puddle (2006 Pontiac G6)
Car Accessories (ACC) turn on after car is off and then drain battery - 2006 Hummer H3
Sporadic keyless entry (2013 Altima)
2005 Chrysler 300c won't start, possibly connected with theft alarm system
How can I remove perfectly round locking wheel lugs? What tool can I use?
Car won't start because of mysterious electrical problem
Engine 'lugging' when turned off with clutch engaged, transmission in netural
Mazda 3 passenger side control arm - move engine and transaxle slightly forward?
When I press the brake and my car is shaking
How do I know which fuel line goes to the engine and which goes to the fuel tank?
What are the consequences of driving a car with a fuel filter installed backwards?
Strange sound after replacing starter and battery
What could cause the throttle to stick in my Ford Ranger?
Rattling noise while clutch disengaged / car in neutral
How do you know if the replacement battery is a good one?
Holden Captiva - Lots of oil pouring out the radiator expansion tank
Loud screech when starting my 2008 Matrix
Why is my '05 Ford Crown Vic smoking now that I've added Lucas Stop Leak engine oil?
Towing a Bobcat
Womp womp sound coming from rear
What is causing my LEXUS RX 300 Automatic gearbox failure?
Excessive Coolant Expansion: Part 2
Why is my 1993 Cadillac Deville acting like it's out of gas when the gauge says it still has fuel?
Got serious earth terminal corrossion
What Color should Oil Be in 2006 Duramax after Oil Change
Before reapair wiring - may Skoda Superb (2010) have an door impact sensor?
Can a pothole damage the brakes?
2004 Saturn Ion Quick Connect from OEM
Codes P0320 and P1391
Do month-year coloured dots on batteries signify install-by expiration date?
2004 Ford Escape Battery Light
Electrical Issues -- possible alternator
Why is my car missing, surging, shaking and rpm's idling radically
Electronics work fine, but engine won't start
Oxygen sensor connector harness side
THAT Solstice - What causes an exhaust back-fire?
'14 Cruze Front Brake Noise
unique alternator issue
What tools are needed for a mechanic in Scotland
Reusing self locking nuts
starts sometimes, other times either nothing or one click when turning it over Mazda 626 special 5 speed 1998
Control module voltage
Why does the fuel indicator take time to register a newly filled tank?
What can I use to cover cosmetic chips in my crash helmet?
how do I identify this bolt for local purchase?
Interpreting O2 sensor readings
Overheating 2005 Pt Crusier
What does the ECU use the long term fuel trim for?
What effect will replacing manifolds with headers have on oil temperature?
Hot wiring 2002 C230
Mini Cooper With Low Engine Oil
97 manual ford ranger throwing a camshaft position sensor code
Should I keep the engine running for a minute or two after reaching my destination to cool down?
Are torque sensors used to reduce cam belt failure damage?
Dashboard lights when ignition is turned on
My car won't start but everything else works
2001 Subaru Outback - Shaking at Stop
Why is my LED turn signal "randomly" blinking too fast?
Could the battery be damaged using mineral water instead of distilled water?
Ford Escape Alternator Working Intermittently
2005 Ford Focus, damaged front end
ITBs with a charged engine
replacing parts for Oil leaks on mercedes 230 slk 2001 and time it takes
Car memory recovery after battery removal
Is 'feeling' how gears down shift on automatic car indicate gearbox or clutch nearing it's end?
Should I replace my timing components when I replace the water pump?
Failed inspection due to rust on rotors?
Chrysler 300 shifts from Drive to Reverse when going uphill
Cannot Access ABS-control-unit with ODB2-adapter
1998 V6 Mustang -20+ LTFT on both banks
Identifying chewed wires of my 2005 Ford Taurus
How long can a car battery be uncharged before it is ruined?
A back door power window on a 2012 Subaru Forester not rolling up
Engine Warning Light of dash?
Grinding clutch
Can a permanently stoich or lean running engine ruin a catalytic converter?
V2 engine white smoke and not running very good
peugeot partner 2002
inverter installation (two inverters) in a truck
2008 VW Jetta: Small (A/C Condensor) Cooling Fan Not Running
How to remove sensor for rear tailgate
Why are these paint dots under the timing belt cover not consistent?
Why are these cam pulleys constructed differently?
Stripped Threads on inside of Oil Drain (Motorcycle; '72 Honda CB750)
What can happen to your motorcycle when you don't maintain or use it for a period of time? When do things start to go wrong?
Will a small engine oil overfill damage the engine or turbo?
Replacement Radiator Cap
How to loosen the crank pully bolt with hand tools?
Help !!! 2007 Honda Accord 2.2 diesel not starting intermittently
Possible warped brakes?
Gel seat modification for KTM Duke 200
Engine knock due to contaminated cylinder, is there a way to purge? 1998 Ford F-150 4.6L
Small black box located under intake manifold
Is Tom Ogle's 100+mpg engine actually feasible?
Starter issue with 98 Mercedes ML320
Wire Lights '72 CB750
Looking for a complete car list (mfg,model,year etc) for Europe
Corolla 1999 - My parking brake light randomly turns on and off
My head gasket was fixed but I still have a leakage
Torque wrench not clicking
90 Subaru Legacy - Pull Codes
How do I install a turbocharger and a supercharger on a 2008 Hyundai Accent?
Is the procedure for an oil change different for a turbocharged engine?
engine runs rough for ~1 min, then starts ticking for a couple minutes, then fine
My 2000 Lincoln Navigator does not start, just a click
Drove car through deep flooding. Engine chugging. Now won't start
GOLF MK4 1.4 16v engine swap to 1.6
Hydraulic fluid reservoir caps
How to test if turbo is properly working in a 2006 Forester XT
1998 Nissan Sentra (automatic): Hard/No (Re)start, Intermittent Stalling, Jerky Acceleration
My scooter got tipped over by a parking car. How to make sure there is no serious damage?
Is it possible to wire an aux cable directly to the radio wires under the dash of an automobile?
Number three plug fouling days after I put it in
Low RPM U-Turn in 4th Gear - Why doesn't it stall?
How to remove a stuck (maybe melted) connector from the blower motor resistor
Where to get dashboard screws for Volvo XC90?
At what time of day/temperature should I refuel my vehicle?
What can cause slow oxygen sensor readings?
My Reverse Just Went Out/Everything Else Is Fine
Can a loose serpentine belt damage my power steering
When painting a bare shell, why mask it up?
10/89 (1990) Subaru Legacy EJ22 - OBDI Code 45
2005 Kia Amanti electronic systems turn on randomly without key in car
Float carburetor leaking gas
What is the large metal bar that sits behind the bumper?
Verify Genuine Toyota Brakes
2000 Lexus ES300 Knock Sensor code P0325 P0330
Should I use my front brakes continuously or intermittently?
What emergency gear and tools should I keep in my vehicle?
Will never charging the batteries of a hybrid electric plug-in vehicle damage it?
Front Brake Pads problem
VW T5 8000 Miles Clutch Burnt Out
Is it true that most of the engine wear during its life time occurs during a cold start up?
Car Audio remote volume control
Fiat Punto Evo 2010, headlight bulb not turning on
Spark plug thread broke inside the engine
350z auto shifted vibrates
Duplicate OBD code - or reading it wrong?
What are the disadvantages of wasted spark ignition? (Consider single cylinder engine)
Is there a way to use a power steering hose assembly with wrong fittings?
What can make my wheels hard to turn
Cast or Forged Wheels, is there any real-world difference?
Cast or Forged Alloy Wheels: Is there any way to determine the difference when buying?
Car brake failure on sharp incline and back once off incline
Leaking(Cracked) Water Pump
Hyundai Tucson dash lights
Z71 package details for old body style, late 1990s, GMC Sierra
1998 GMC Sierra: swap in V6 + 5spd manual into one with factory V8/auto
Volkswagen Golf Mk5 2005 2.0L Oil pooling on top of engine
heat indicator light goes off and ac switches off after some time
How to black out chrome window trim with rain guards?
Honda 2000 CRV overheating after coming off freeway
How to clean Car's HVAC and AC system
Weird noise from front right tire
Radically different car maintenance schedules in manual and service instruction sheet
Is it bad to mix tire brands on a motorcycle?
Steering wheel shakes and wobbles bad at 70km+
Light ticking sound on acceleration otherwise don't hear it not loud oil change done about 2 mos. Ago no lights temp gauge fine
2007 Mercury Mariner - Car is shaking and whining.
Storing manual transmission diesel car for 4-6 months, what 'else'
How can I diagnose intermittent low boost on a turbocharged diesel?
No power to my motorcycle
Pep boys battery check reliable?
Tire peeling on tread after curbed lightly
Broke brake bleeder valve
Do good shocks have any oil below the top half?
Higher level in brake fluid tank after pad replacement
2002 VW Passat Wagon 2.8 V6 Vibration (Drivetrain?) Certain Speeds/Situations
Is the after catalyst oxygen sensor used for engine mixture control?
Temperature gauge needle is on Hot, but engine is not overheating
Is it okay to have a permanently on cigarette lighter/accessory port?
What could cause an MPFI engine to balk when the throttle is opened?
Basic Automotive Maintenance Repair - Compiling a Toolset
Fuel Consumption high
How to re-torque a partially loosened overhead camshaft?
Can cats leave scratch marks on cars?
Does an H-pipe improve exhaust flow?
What Accelerates a Vehicle With a CVT?
How can you tell if the engine is not brand new?
Safe to store bike with no coolant?
2001 Jeep Wrangler wiring part for headlight switch
What is this box next to my car's battery?
Is there a viable option for updating OBD-I to OBD-II in order to increase possibility of engine tuning?
98 Subaru Forester starter motor replacement part compatibility
Who Makes or Sources helmet screws for a MSR Xpedition motorcycle helmet?
Oil overfill with residue in exhaust manifold
Clutch problem in I20 Magna Opt Diesel
Volkswagen Jetta Interrmittent starting problem
Would using tires that are slightly smaller cause problems?
Mazda 3 2010 - Engine Shake at Idle
2004 kia sedona slow cranking
Check engine light is on but no codes provided when checking with reader
Is an engine mount a "covered component" under power-train warranty?
2010 Ford Taurus glove compartment parts won't fit
Hit a curb; chewed up rim and took a chunk out of tire. Will they need replacement?
My truck died while driving
Can (possible) exhaust system damage cause random misfires?
Head unit not starting after cranking car at low voltage
3.4 2000 chevy venture ls is pushin water up in the radatior
2001 Saab radiator end tank has split open (6" SPLIT)
How can I remove a scratch from a mirror?
Stopped to put petrol in my car drove out the garage went 3 mile car cut now wont start
Back passenger rim heating up after tire change
2000 Camaro headers/Borla
Radio static with wheels at certain position
When I shut the bike down there is horrible fuel smell
How much leaner can you responsibly run an old engine?
Would not allowing my vehicle to downshift uphill be fuel efficient?
Extremely over tightened pinch bolt, how to remedy?
How to determine injector size for custom engine?
Car makes grinding noise when starting, changed starter and battery, what is the problem?
Does flooring the throttle while traveling at lower speeds increase fuel consumption?
Brake pad doesn't fully contact disc
What points of failure should I be aware of when driving with only the parking brake?
Removal of tailgate trim on Peugeot 307CC
2007 Chrysler Pacifica AWD - Trying to diagnose vibration between 30-40mph, driveshaft or rear differential?
LS1 - ticking slapping noise w video
Why do injector prices vary so vastly?
One side of 2015 VW passat gets cold air and the other side hot
Consistent pull to the left when braking
How do seat belts function?
Blown Head Gasket always goes hand-in-hand with Engine damage?
Water temperature sensor location
Anyway to ditch keyless ignition for ignition that uses a key?
Need to find replacement light bulb for '60s Delco radio
Do remote starters increase engine wear substantially on keyless ignition vehicles?
How can I check if handlebars are straight?
How can I check if the steering assembly on my motorcycle it straight?
Drove a New Volkswagen Jetta for 3.5 miles on a city road with hand brakes on
Why not use a standard hose clamp instead of OEM one-time use clip?
Do solvent/gel-based tire dressings have a tangible impact on tire life and performance?
Why does Honda Civic 05 overheat when water reservoir gets full?
Honda Odyssey 16 inch rims
When do you top up steering fluid on a 1997 BMW 318ti Coupe?
Engine Oil Change Leak Seizing?
Mercedes 2002 E320 cranks but won't start, has new battery
Power level of stereo in Honda Element 7-speaker system
free moving bike in gear
What causes a 20% difference in fuel economy between winter and summer?
Is it really necessary to resurface cylinder and substitute piston?
Why is engine oil replaced more often than transmission fluid?
Single reverse light on Dacia Sandero
Why couldn't I shift into 1st gear with car not stopped in my Renault, but my Volvo lets me do it?
Alloy Wheels Ford SportKA
When to bore a block during a rebuild?
Why are recommended oil weights lower for many newer cars?
Changing Coolant in a 1999 Ford Taurus
Why can a motorcycle can rev higher than a car in spite of both reaching same speed?
Affect of burning oil on O2 Sensors
I have a 97 toyota camry, I turn the key over everything works fine except it just clicks?
Car jerking over 2500 RPM
Is there a reason vacuum bleeding can't be done with a syringe?
One of four tires has developed a defect, what are my options?
Can you replace a Toyota Highlander Engine with a Nissan Xterra Engine?
Added two stroke oil to my gas. Now what do I do?
Are garage outlets for electric cars evolving to 120V/240V/480V or to 30A/90A?
2004 PT Cruiser Overheating
12 volt circuit Voltmeter shows drop
Honda Odyssey: Neutral/unlocked steering wheel without draining battery?
1972 Honda CB750 Motorcycle Choke
Repairs cost more than engine, but car might have some life left
What is Honda HDS HIM?
Why is it almost impossible to put the car in first gear at high speeds?
Possible causes of burning antifreeze after head gasket replacement?
Heater not working 1999 Hyundai Elantra
Truck won't budge in neutral. Could it be due to a cracked transmission bellhousing?
What is the 'typical' or 'most common' set of ratios for a motorcycle transmission with a smallish motor?
What is a tire speed rating and is it important that the speed rating matches on both axles?
How to Fix Check Engine Light (OBDII code: P0172)
Is a rebuild my only option with blue smoke on startup?
'05 Peugeot 307: Oil in the Coolant
Tire marks in sharp turns
Hit by a bus - can I use a dent puller to fix this?
Rear brake piston hard to turn back in, uneven wear on pads
checking the transmission fluid
What is an orbital motor?
What is the "clock dash" problem?
'97 Ford Ranger creeps forward while clutch pedal pressed down
Why would I need to press down black and red cables after replacing battery?
Isuzu KB won't Start after an Hour
Engine coolant below minimum after driving
Air Bubbles in Fuel Lines of Peugeot 206 HDI
Modern cars do not rust faster in coastal locations - Myth or truth?
Where can I find my minimum tire pressure?
Do primary and secondary coil resistances correspond to number of windings?
How often does engine oil need to be replaced if the car is barely used?
Oil is leaking to my spark plugs. how do I clean it?
Car not starting after jump
Hard shifting on 2003 VW Jetta 1,8 with manual transmission
What is a good process when diagnosing a transmission problem?
How can I make my gas pedal and brake pedal more aligned?
RPM shoots up at full throttle Slipping Clutch?
How to demonstrate that rear shocks are failing?
What happens if I use the wrong weight of oil?
Engine overheating - mayo in oil sump mystery
Why is there a power loss in my small engine motorcycle at a certain RPM range?
2007 Hyundai Tucson - Left rear alignment is maxed out
Intermittent ticking noise in 2015 Subaru WRX
2006 Dodge Grand Caravan - Rear blower won't blow hot air, only cold
2007 Honda Accord EX-L V6 - Can I use 2 different strut brands in front and back?
Is it OK to run a trimmer without the plate-filter support?
Alternator capacity and electricity flow, Isolator relay, wire gauge and auxilliary battery
P2104 Throttle Actuator Control System Forced Idle error, but car runs fine
2002 Ford Focus SE. Too much oil?
Internal or external gearbox problem?
Are the electrical issues of the Scenic II series fixed in the Scenic III series?
What is the average lifespan of a turbo?
How to increase the lifespan of a diesel turbo?
Can I put E10 unleaded fuel in my 2004 Ford Freestar 4.2L?
Is the problem with individual locks or the remote entry locking system?
"Fan hitting something" noise when switching on "Inside Air" button
Bouncing rear wheels during burnouts and powerslides
Is a noisy alternator sign of imminent failure?
Why is there no valve overlap on 1987 V4 Honda?
2001 Ford Explorer High Idle
Power Loss in lower gears
OBD2 steering angle PID
How does cylinder deactivation work?
2003 Yamaha 650 V Star won't start
Ford F150 1999 4.6L anti freeze leaks from drain on engine wall
'89 BMW 525i E34 - Starting problems if car not driven for a day
Is the Nissan Skyline 350GT (Infiniti G35) brake self-adjusted?
Resonance Chambers on Four Stroke
2014 Hyundai Elantra - Spilling water sound
When is an engine flush a good idea?
Why is air buffeting worse for most cars with the rear windows than the front windows?
2000 Chrysler Town & Country brakes are jamming. I have replaced calipers, rotors and pads
How to touch-up paint on wheels?
How do I determine if I am on 1 or 6 at TDC?
Do 3 and 5 cylinder engines have uneven power delivery?
Anyone use a custom fuel line repair kit from eBay?
Stainless Steel Fasteners
How to definitively diagnose hissing in steering in my 1997 Mitsubishi Pajaro?
What is the difference between AC Delco Spark Plug 41-808 and 41-905?
2016 Toyota Camry Automatic Alarm Lock
Torx vs. Star Fasteners
Replacement/Copy of 70s Honda Key
When is remote start unsafe?
Will a manual vehicle stall at low RPM without being on the accelerator?
2001 Honda Civic EX overheating fans not working
Knocking sound coming from Torque Converter in my two speed
Shift car into park during red light
Heat car and defrost windshield with deep cycle battery
brake pedal sinks to floor when vehicle is started
Can I use clutch friction plates for a Triumph Street Triple from 2012 for a Triumph Street Triple from 2015
What is this covering used on the wires (blue and yellow). I found it on my KTM 390 Wiring Harness
Best way to repair a rotten fuel line?
Clicking noise when stopping and accelerating. AC issue?
What year did they upgrade the separator plate on the Subaru Forester from plastic to aluminum?
Should I change automatic transmission fluid JUST because it's brown?
CEL comes on when using fuel with ethanol
Difficulty removing Outer Tie Rod from steering knuckle
Outer Tie-rod removal
2005 Ford Explorer Sport Trac Exhaust System
Toyota Prius 2011 Model Grades
Kawasaki ZR -7S has soot in exhaust system
Whining noise in my front left speaker
Nail hole plug not repairable?
Broken coil spring
Engine Does Not Run with Choke off (Honda CB750)
Is this a right MAF signal?
Emission performance of a vehicle using OBD
Why isn't injection managed to use the entire intake stroke?
Relation of VIN of a car with emission norms of a country it is sold
Is WD40 a penetrant?
Cutting an inner tie-rod: how
Is it legal to put a Ferrari engine in another car if you are not certified by Ferrari?
How to properly apply heat to loosen screwed-in outer tie rod
2002 Chevrolet headlights problem
O2 Sensor on 2005 VW Jetta
How long to let a NA car cool down after hard driving?
Is Spare Wheel is always Steel and not Alloy Wheel
Volvo S40 T5 - No crank, no start - "Immobilizer See Manual"
Why are spare wheels smaller than normal wheels?
Body control module broke while my Peugeot was being painted. Is this just a coincidence?
How do you remove the metal plate that locks the oil pan in place on a 99 ranger?
Mode 01 PID 01 OBD-II
2001 Chevy Silverado PU Low Beams
How can a car be tuned for low/mid/high end torque?
How do I unlock the computer that controls the dash?
how to determine TDC after bottom end rebuild
proper oil for 1940's era aluminum ford engine
Alignment: how much pull is OK
bleed fuel system mercedes 364 engine
Low on oil and don't know why.
Elantra will not start
Does petrol gradually get a higher octane rating with evaporation over time?
control car's steering angle from linux
Unknown adaptor for 2009 Mazda 2 headlight
What happens if a mechanic puts no oil in your car during oil change and the engine picks up oil sludge
Is it possible to retrofit an ABS?
Highbeams on when car is turned off, DRL light on when car on and headlights off
Lapped valves still leak but slowly
What are the advantages/disadvantages of the CRV 2WD over the 4WD
Speedometer on Opel Corsa sometimes not reacting
My automatic transmission has a strange vibration/bumping in all gears when cold
OBD reader returning "0 Codes" way too fast?
What are the common causes of inconsistent/dead flashers?
What's an effective way to protect headlight lenses from fading?
Is it important that the four tires have the same mark on the sidewall?
2008 Pontiac Grand Prix GXP electricity cutting in and out
How Does Infiniti's Lane Keeping Assist (Direct Adaptive Steering) Work?
How does compression release work?
Do any new cars come with cast iron engine blocks?
What is better for sparkplugs, inconel super alloy or iridium?
Tie-rod boot replacement
1994 Mercedes-Benz C 180 (W202) won't start
Buying a car without a service history?
2008 Chrysler Town and Country: RPMs change, but speed doesn't
Error code P1061 on a Dodge Dart?
What exactly is a jackshaft?
How to install a Low Fuel Light and a Seat Belt Light?
Extracting piston rod's "wire" C clips
Transmission Lost Reverse Gear
Is it possible to bleed brakes without using floor jack?
How do car cooling systems cool the engine? Won't the air flowing through the radiator flow over the engine (as it exits the car) making it hot again?
I have a gas leak on a 2011 F150 Ford truck
Clutch is soft after car sat for 2 weeks
How to reset the "Maint Reqd" light in a 2015 Toyota Rav4?
Do you need to replace injector seals if they are removed from the intake?
How to diagnose low water temp on Mini Cooper
ignition lead replacement
Reusing a Metal Water Pump Gasket
A safe way to turn the engine without a crankshaft pulley tool?
Central Locking on Trunk Lock doesn't work? Manual lock works (Seat Cordoba 1.6 gasoline 2000)
Fans not working car keep running hot ac stop
Help with speaker installation
What type of pins do H13 headlight sockets use?
Hyundai Elantra 2010, interior dashboard backlighting lights flickering on and off
What should you look for when buying tires from a junkyard?
Should I have run out of engine oil?
Why doesn't the engine fire unless I twist the throttle? (Yamaha FZ6 2011)
Craftsman lawn tractor
My low beam only works when I take the high beam fuse out
96 Impreza ECU Pinout
Do my new oil rings have an excessive gap?
Are wet cylinder liners' shims utterly neccessary?
Multiple misfire codes with oil in coil pack well
how to get to spark plugs on a C109R Suzuki?
What is this part called? (Rear wheel lock ?)
Finding Replacement AC Condenser
Can A Catalytic Converter Fail Due to Age?
Nothing comes to life when I turn the key
I dropped some food into the hole under my hand brake
ford focus 2002 low idle problem varying
Car Does Not Start Periodically
Loss of water in the radiator
Why do cars die after removing jumper cables?
How can I avoid damaging my engine with a manual?
How to interpret torque spec ranges?
Properly Aligning My Timing Marks
What would cause brake / tire to wear out on only one side?
Is it safe replace 225/65R17 tires with 215/60R16?
2002 Mazda B3000 (Ford Ranger) Not Turning Over, Flickering Lights
Does my electronic parking brake remain engaged if I disconnect the battery?
VW Jetta parking brake loose after rear brakes replaced. Is it related?
2004 Dodge Ram 1500 Belt Squeal/Chirp
Skill level and safety critical risk level for ABS module replacement
Holden Commodore (1999) won't click over but everything is turned on
"No key" flashes on dash board with key inside car
Worried I put in wrong grade of gas
Does increased load of electronic devices from your car reduce fuel economy?
Honda Civic 2005 doesn't restart after 10-15 km
Engine gradually loses power while driving highway speeds
Will boring a cylinder affect its longevity thereafter?
How often should I replace windscreen wiper blades?
Car wobbles around 20 MPH
Replacing rear view mirror
Should you change a thermostat when changing your water pump
Overheating issue - 2000 Grand Am GT
Tie-rod final test
Need info on engine exchange 2007 malibu from 2.2 to the 3.5
During Combustion how important is it to have an even burn?
Suzuki Grand Vitara 2004 wiring
Is it possible for a diesel engine computer to detect (and prevent) a runaway condition?
OBD MIL commanded status and DTC stored
OBDII across the world?
Milky cloudy clear coat after rattle can spray
2006 Nissan Altima Not Starting When Engine Is Hot
What Could Cause Flash Over / Arcing to Reappear on New Plugs?
Automatic transmission shift problem on a 2002 Chevrolet Impala
How much can I tow with a 1997 Chevy Suburban?
Can I use an air compressor to change car tires?
Replacing only one front strut?
Mini-VCI J2534 cable question
Is there any good treatment for a speckled / pitted windshield?
Position of brake calipers different between wheels
Drivetrain stuttering on 2001 F-150 automatic
How much current should 2007 Mazda6 draw when off?
How do I remove these electrical connectors on the inside of my drivers side door?
Uneven readings for tire pressure
LIncoln Continental Power Steering Leak
What are the safety sensors & cameras on those new windshield packs? (like Volvo city safety)
Car engine stutters when hot, and sometimes stalls
Intermittent ABS indication - 1998 Grand Cherokee
2004 Toyota Corolla does not start with key
Strange noise from timing belt area
Bang & small flames when I tried to jump start, now nothing
How can I deprogram the key fob of my Explorer?
What should the idle speed of an engine be based on?
Mazda 323 1985, carb model wont start when hot
In the PCV system, is an "Oil Trap" the same thing as a "Breather Box"?
Winch wont pull
Where to find good manuals for Yamaha motorcycle?
Engine misfires when car hasn't been driven for a couple of days
Triangular Wear Pattern on Edges of Cam Lobes
Rpm falls below idle when declutching at high rpm
What type of coolant should I use on a Dacia Logan Laureate diesel (2016)?
How to disable the Torque Converter Clutch Solenoid on a 2001 F-150 with the 4R70W transmission
When to replace the brake calipers
How to clean battery terminals?
Battery at 12V but car still not starting
Should a Timing Belt Pulley Spin Freely or Not?
Discovered disconnected part when removing wheels
Using a solid state relay in a car
While releasing the clutch slowly in first gear it comes back loose suddenly. What could be wrong?
How to connect pc speaker with 12v output in car without noise and voltage issues
Heater problems in 2001 F150
Check Engine Light
GETRAG G56 with Gen3 5.7L hemi
What is the difference between Toyota GTS and TIS software?
Water like drop coming out of the exhaust of the car stops?
OBD2 Mode 9 Calibration ID and Numbers
How to unlock Ford steering column
What's the easiest way to remove chewing gum from a medium-pile floor mat?
Dipstick Readings
2008 Honda Civic EX - Mysterious loss/restoration of electrical power when parked
Exhaust fumes visible in car
What would happen when if fuel is added during the combustion process?
Specs for a powered tailgate strut
Why do we push start cars in second gear?
Changing spark timing to use a lower octane fuel?
What is unsprung weight and why minimize it?
Automotive engine compartment parts and connection diagram
Will my fuel tank empty if I leave the fuel lines disconnected?
Uneven front tyre wear & steering wobble
OBD2 expert in ipad to bluetooth elm327 mini
What causes my LEDs to briefly and faintly turn on?
Can dangling wires that originally went to the blower motor resistor short out the entire car (including engine) while driving?
Why do I get weird-looking fuel trims when connecting the OBD Fusion app to a 2009 LR3?
No coolant in Radiator
How do I choose the correct thermostat?
Why doesn't a car parked in first gear roll backwards?
Location of Fiat Panda electric power steering fuse
AWD systems with/without transfer cases
Safety for different years
ABS and VSA lights on
Compatible fuel tank 2005 Smart ForFour
1997 Chevy Blazer with 4.3: Transmission fluid overfilled by the shop, now it's leaking. Is it from an overflow vent?
angle grinder versus sawzall
Where is the wiper relay located on a 1995 mercury grand marquis?
Squeaky belt issues on '95 Chevy S10
Lower mileage vs newer model year in used cars
Broken Automatic Shifter Cable Replacement
Car can't speed more than 100km/h
Do the VW T5 seats fit on the T6
how to get the part number of car parts?
Reservoir tank boiling over and steaming
Seat Toledo engine stalls when warm
100 Scratches, easy fix?
Mk4 Astra judders, runs hot p0420 p0170 p1130
Low beam not working in Pulsar 150 AS
02' GMC Envoy. Engine KNOCK, not rod knock
What pressure should i run in my winter rally tyres?
Honda Accord 1.8 Sport VTEC will not always fire and start
2007 Chevy Silverado 1500 LT how to repair door molding
Difference between revving in park vs. accelerating in drive?
Performance Issue - 2009 Infinity FX50
02 Sienna new brake squeal and grind
1977 Chevrolet C10 Scottsdale v8 5.7
Engine cranks but won't start
1992 Honda Accord overheating issues
Can I replace my ignition coil with a ECU?
How are rotary valves sealed
Cadillac CTS can't take key out of ignition, automatic gearbox lights would not come up when changing gears
Replacing an ECU
Ford DuraTorq TDCi EGR system (Euro4) operation, blanking
Why is engine displacement frequently a few CCs below an exact number?
One wheel sometimes vibrates periodically after rotor & brake change
Where are the fan relays for the 2007 v8 Monte Carlo
New Car Oil Change
Smog test fail, lack of oil?
New ALTERNATOR + BATTERY yet car STILL won't START! :'(
Where does a distributor gets it's power from?
Rebuilt engine started, but with strong clanking sounds
Car only starting sometimes
2008 PT Cruiser 4cylinder non turbo
Vehicle parameters available on OBD2 port
2008 Chrysler Crossfire - Check Engine Light
2007 Honda Civic p0843 high error code. Replaced switch, no change. Won't shift into 4th
In vehicle network
VIP future champion gas moped (carb)
Are there alternatives to lead acid batteries?
Can summer and winter wheels be of different size for the same car?
VIP future champion gas moped won't stay running
Rough idle problems on 93 Miata
25Nm vs 28Nm - How accurate should a torque wrench be?
Do I have to use clamps or does the sealant do the same thing...I need help
What does a wet intake port (direct injection) mean?
BMW E90 330d door lock fault
About Hyundai Atos 1998 1000cc fuel
Stereo buzzing noise when lights not on; recently installed reversing camera
Finding Hard To Find Parts – Clutch release fork for a 1995 Geo Tracker
What is the point of heating the IAC Valve?
What factors determine steering ratio?
Bulb confusion - 1995 Camaro front turn signal
New to mechanical work. Is this a safe way to clean oxygen sensor, or any similar part
What is the purpose of a microphone placed at rear view mirror?
Popping sounds and engine feels supressed when starting car
P0171 and Fuel Trims
What's generally on the other side of the oil filler cap where oil is poured?
What happens if I disconnect the battery while the car is running?
Boat part what part is this?
Oil in my radiator, but no water in my oil
Check engine light with code P0455 comes on when fuel tank is below 3/4 full
2003 Nissan Altima's heat is only lukewarm
Mazda 3 gear drops at high speeds
Why does using the low range of a 4WD transmission give better acceleration?
Tachometer reading fluctuates at constant engine load/speed
Bike wont power up
What is an igniter?
Manual Mercury Milan is stuck in reverse
06 Explorer rear windshield washer fluid not pumping
Digital torque adapters minimum setting
white smoke coming from engine
'05 Altima cranks, but will not start (sometimes)
Air trapped inside threaded "blind" hole vs. hole integrity
V6 Toyota 4Runner - Broken Crankshaft Pulley
What is this connector on the rear bumper?
Identifying faulty O2 sensor with scan tool
Knock in driver's side front suspension when reversing out carport and driving down driveway
OBD2 CAN Protocol: ISO 15765-4
shuddder in 2.5 subaru engine
Why would you need a crank sensor if you had a cam sensor?
Why do hydropneumatic suspensions need hydraulics?
What do Rear-End Collision Avoidance System do on Ice?
Lawn tractor, difficulty starting in cold weather
Changed spark plugs now engine idles high
painting over bare metal
DLC Pinout for SVX ECU
What's the best gear to leave a manual vehicle in when parked?
What to do about 1 tire mounted on rim in wrong direction?
What should always be replaced when rebuilding an engine?
Why a sudden power drops and becoming more frequent?
Why is there a difference in timing belt replacement intervals between two countries
1994 Chevy S10 2.2 L LS pickup-no heat or ac and sounds like a fast sewing machine
My 2011 Honda Pilot hesitates/shudders when starting forward from a complete stop. Any thoughts on cause?
Rolling / pushing car in gear
2003 Chevrolet Tracker - Brake Warning Light
How or where to determine/find the pinout for the Canyon ABS pump (545-00579)
What differences are there between straight cut and helical cut gears?
How much can sub-optimal octane affect efficiency or power?
Is this a standard alignment issue or something else?
How can I connect an Aux input to a 2004/5 Honda Jazz stock stereo?
Diagnosis on thumping noise from the front
Engine down on power
What are instant failure reasons for an older (not old-timer) automobile?
Ford Fusion ABS Pump Selection
Can hooking up battery cables incorrectly ruin the throttle body in a 2007 Toyota XLE V6
Best way to remove rusted steel bolts from aluminum parts
How to Reverse engineer the manufacturer specific protocol on OBD2 for acquiring enhanced vehicle data
Why would a brand new water pump make noise?
electric power steering: wheel centering significance?
What's this automotive connector?
Does leaving a manual car in gear when parked damage the car in any way?
Tacoma Power Steering Pump
rapid driveline clanging on ice
Honda CB125F GLR 2015 stuck seat
.Custom bolted starter support mount?
Timing belt issues
What controls the rate at which the revolutions decrease when gas pedal is released at neutral?
What is this sticker on the coolant expansion tank trying to tell me?
CAN-BUS only reading one repeating frame
How can you upgrade your "no-extras" car with original components you bought from a broken but better version car?
P0420 Catalyst efficiency below threshold bank 1 With CO emission only!
2008 impala noisy power steering pump
2010 Honda Fit Transmission Replacement
1998 Ford Mustang jerks badly on acceleration after I shift gears
What is correct tire air pressure for my impala 2005 replaced tire?
Difficulty starting car: caused by radiator leak?
How long to wait for radiator to cool down before working on it?
2003 Ford Ranger Drivetrain Noise while Coasting
How many fair labour hours to change a clutck kit of a 2L GWM Steed 4x4
Troubleshooting fluid leakage onto the engine area?
Check Panasonic battery production date
Hard Start 2007 VW Rabbit 2.5L
Tuning van side-door
KA24DE motor terminology?
Volvo V40 (2001) driver door won't lock
Jump starting when boot is locked Volvo bifuel v70
If I am replacing a brake caliper should I also put in a new rotor, even if the existing one is in spec?
Can lug nuts be tightened with a powered non-impact driver plus torque wrench?
Error code P074B on a 2013 Ford Focus (2L engine)?
What H means in flywheel dimensions?
How do I apply a high quality and lasting finish on trim pieces?
Incomplete Catalytic Converter Monitor on otherwise flawless old Tacoma
Reviving an abandoned Holden VE SS UTE
1999 Subaru Legacy 2.5 Overheating
Need I press clutch pedal while starting my car in neutral?
Toyota Avensis Verso 2002 (sold in Italy) CLM20L - which OBD version compatible?
Does 14' Audi S4 (B8.5) have rear brake pad wear sensors?
Using 4wd on snow/dry pavement bad for 2012 Pathfinder?
te: 95 Integra Engine Coolant leak
Clutch "catch" point has changed, along with distance needed to engage
Low vibrating noise 2009 Civic
2007 Mustang, Bad battery?
Ford Fiesta Oil Separator
Maintenance Repair Costs (Labor Hours)
Renewed brake pads
99 1.3 Corolla 4E-FE engine - possible detonation, surging
2015 VW Jetta ODB codes
Can I add a rear evaporator in place of my rear heater for my passengers
Truck misfires/backfires/shakes/loses power when cold
Spare parts database for older cars
What is required for a remote starter system in a vehicle without a transponder key?
polo 2012 - can you add heated door mirrors
Best routine for making a frozen car driveable
High and low beams swapped after lens replacement (2006 Dodge RAM)
Why does my car stutter and sometimes die at low RPMs, but only when the fuel tank is full?
Air Conditioning button "on" by default
Why do some Engines vibrate less when the RPMs are slightly higher than when at idle
Automotive Relays - Are they water resistant? Proper placement?
Numbers on alignment chart, are they low enough to ignore
Camshaft sinks too much into block: add spacer washer at its end?
Could oily sludge in cooling system affect engine temprature?
rumbling of the engine during acceleration after a rainy day
Engine oil requirements
Restoring a Laverda 750 SF - Where to start?
What are vehicle emission limitations in Bavaria?
1994 Chevrolet S10 2.2L LS pickup - gas smell when starting
Why won't my car start?
Did the mechanic ruin my car with double dose of oil?
Should I change the shock absorbers on my Honda Sp shine?
Upper vs Lower Control Arms
Hard knocking noise with temporary loss of power in a 2002 Jeep Cherokee
tires with TPMS. Why do they behave like this?
Battery on a Suzuki Marauder
Low oil pressure, car doesn't start. Have I damaged my engine?
How do I identify model of my Mikuni carburetor
car stalls after lifting rear end
How do you test a Subaru Ignitor?
Are DIY store bolts okay for critical components?
Winter tyre procedure recommendations
Anything wrong with this custom brake caliper design?
Does disconnecting the battery reset on-board memory?
2008 Ford Escape Hybrid - Ignition, electrical issue
Is 12 volts safe for testing injectors?
Unknown sensor chevy spark 800cc
OEM brake booster vacuum line replacement
What is a good and responsible way to clean a lambda/O2 sensor?
VW Golf won't start suddenly
Cigarette lighter socket no longer charges phone
High rpms slow acceleration
Honda Civic Won't Start with New Battery
"Minor" Rear-end Collision on Audi A4 (B6), Exhaust Damage
What could cause burning engine oil and a decreasing coolant level
Metal crashing/friction sound while starting RE 350 classic
Evans Waterless Coolant
Why do dealers want their technicians to use True RMS multi meters?
2001 Grand Marquis - No Start - High STFT - High RPM
OEM wheel studs don't fit my car?
2005 Dodge Grand Caravan sputters & stalls after refueling
Unresolvable system leak error codes
I thought my brakes went out, but now I still don't know what caused my accident
Fuel system hose routing - Triumph Bonneville
No heat in car blowers
Understanding Car Servicing for a second hand car
How difficult would it be to swap out my regular spark plug with a Coil on plug or coil near plug?
Causes of melted connector on H4 lamp for headlight
No Heat No Clue
2007 Subaru Outback 'Leak' ... what is it?
Found a cut hose
Car will turnover, but not start
Must I put chains on all four tires of a vehicle with all-wheel drive (AWD)?
Air conditioning of old car gives out toxic smoke. Car is about 14 years old but very sparsely driven.
Why Ride by wire when the fuel injector is there
04 Dodge stratus fluid leak
honda accord 2000 lx valve chatter
Third brake light on 2010 Chevy Malibu
What are the safety issues of having a childseat on the front seat?
Engine Lugging at higher rpm?
Bolts vs. rivets for securing swing arm rubber bushing mount
Is it legal to charge for work in the same replacment area?
What is the name for the spoiler above the cabin of a semi?
What are performance requirements for heavy (commercial) trucks?
I'm leaking antifreeze
Engine noies in Chevrolet Aveo
Is it a cause for concern if one headlight beam points lower than the other
2009 Hyundai i30 Wagon Surging
Chemical Like discharge from RE 350
How Long to Power the Injectors for a Fuel Pump Volume Test?
Coolant heat storage system: can this be retrofitted?
Timing Belt Tension VIDEO
Why do the front wheels of my car get so hot?
Does a 2001 Buick Century have a timing belt or chain?
Hit a curb today, taking a chunk out of the tire and some damage to the rim. Is it still safe to drive?
Intermittent "low coolant" light. What to do next?
2014 E250 Tire size change
Seeking tips to install replacement Camry door handle: rod insertion
What is piston slap?
Clicking Noise when the battery is turned on
How are EVAP system leaks detected by the ECU?
Service Mileage and its effects
Is remote start and cluster connected to 8.4in radio?
Possible causes for a high temp gauge?
Engine sounding rougher than usual, but passed MOT 3 weeks ago
Weird metal sound when accelerating from 0 MPH (with recording)
Did I overfill my diesel engine with oil?
Is it a problem to use synthetic ATF as power steering fluid on the Land Rover LR3?
Which codes does the front oxygen sensor throw?
Which car parts affect alignment?
unable to open 97 Camry door
How can I access the output of my backup camera?
Programmatically defrost car windows?
Can I use a car wash to de-ice my car
Did they upsell me to new tires and associated services?
What are these metal clips where my wheel rims meet the tires and what are they for?
Identify Valve Noise RECORDING
SAAB 9-5 automatic transmission warning
No heat in my 2008 Pontiac Vibe
What is the procedure to fix vehicle roof paint inexpensively?
Rattle sound at low speed in 1st and reverse
Startup current DC motor - Fuse?
How long can I drive my truck with the wrong coolant in it?
Help to modify RWD trans-axle bearing design
Rear Noise when reversing then accelerating slowly
2011 Chevy Malibu ltz gas intake issues with check engine light
Found a 10 mm nut in the transmission fluid
Where is the air hose from the manifold located on a 2006 jeep liberty?
Manual Transmission - Why Can't I leave in gear at Light
Clicking noise when applying pressure on brakes
Cadillac CTS "Traction Control Off" displayed after driving 15 mins
How can I troubleshoot a U0208 DTC code on a 2009 Land Rover LR2?
Overheating Subaru
Winter tires 195/55r16 fit on a 16x7 rim
Difference between P0133 and P1133
Replaced my upstream O2 sensor, still get P1133 code
What do serial numbers on ECM mean?
"Standard" tyre width vs. rim width chart
How to prevent or reduce condensation inside the car?
How to best deal with ice buildup on inside front window of car?
Holes in exhaust manifold
2006 Nissan Titan making grinding vibration at 20 sec
2008 Mazda Tribute brake pedal very soft
protect gas lines from corrosion?
Replaced battery... However
2009 Toyota Yaris Hathback - rear light change?
2005 Chrysler Town and Country sliding door
2005 Escape not starting
Why is a 12V outlet that provides 120W protected by a 20A fuse in my 2015 Forester?
Grinding noise when braking after fitting new pads and discs
2002 Subaru Legacy coolant overflowed, relatively new head gasket
How important is it to register the new after-market battery in BMW vehicles?
1999 Ford Ranger Battery Drain
What's wrong with using domestic flex cable for automotive purposes?
Gear stuck in neutral when engine is running
Power drain at fuse panel
Suddenly have oil leaks in lots of different places
How do I go about troubleshooting DTC codes?
What is "seal saver"?
clutch makes noise and small vibration when disengaged
What diode for 12v automotive circuit...?
Car with rebuilt engine cracked after driving 3,000 miles
Winter tires and summer tires
Motorcycle Engine Test Without Oil
How to find a part lost in the snow
Vespa idles fine, stalls with throttle
How do you open a locked door when the unlocking mechanism is jammed?
Does it cost more to repair a dent than the difference in resale value?
Is there any way to test the condition of a brake booster and master brake cylinder outside of the car?
2004 Pacifica overheats
Equivalent of “gas can” for electric vehicle?
When braking and the car is near to stop I hear the sound of acceleration
serpentine belt or alternator or battery? car keeps dying?
Interior Rattling
How much can sub-optimal octane affect fuel economy?
Are transmission axles hardened?
Is there is a relation between temperature of engine and the torque
95 Integra Power hiccups
How to fix my Honda Ballade. 92 Model (Luxline)
XC90 D5 Oil fill triggers Engine management code
Kandi 150 cc dune buggy won't start. I need to know whether I have a bad fuse or a blown starter motor
How would you stop if the ignition switch failed while driving?
What are the most common recommended "scam" repairs/maintenance?
'07 Cobalt Steering Intermediate Shaft Boot Installation
Oil overfill repair
Disappearing coolant without a trace?
Can't fill car up with gas
New tires produced over 3 years ago
08 Grand Prix Air System question?
1989 s10 Blazer Cold Start issues
half size wheel covers
Troubleshooting ECU related short circuits
How should I troubleshoot drum brakes that squeal during forward travel, but not in reverse?
Cleaning toddler accident from car
Why does my 2006 Chevy Equinox have no heat when all repairs for the heat has been made?
Way too much oil, loss of power when accelerating & smoke pouring from under the hood?
Why can some cars pull up a hill with just the clutch?
1998 Subaru Forester
How will having two batteries effect the charging system of my 2004 Honda Civic?
What can possibly cause an EPS malfunction?
Fuel Trim Readings
Reliable budget small diesel car - around 4-7 years old
How to Fix 2004 Chevy Tahoe Heat Only Works if You Slowly Ratchet It Up
Vehicle does not start after installing new ECM
2006 Toyota Prius in Africa
What problems can extended use of water as a coolant during the summer months caused by an internal leak
What should I be looking for in a gas cap?
Should I use the heater while warming up my car?
Will having a CAI void my warranty?
Hard to steer when really cold - ~20 to 30 degrees
Do I Need To Change the Tire If the Sidewall Is Damaged Like This?
2006 Hummer H3 incompatibility bug with aftermarket radio - need advice on swap out
Automatic Transmission is Skipping 2nd Gear
2003 Honda CRV grinding noise from starter - possible flywheel damage?
Hard to engage 1st gear and reverse gear when parking for manual transmission.
Shaking when stopping
Clutch problems in 5th gear
Passat B6 2009 Fog lights as normal lights
Chevy Malibu 2009 coolant sensor
What reasons could justify setting the left wheel to have a different caster angle from the right wheel?
Brake pedal traveling further than before
How come both windshield washer jets are very weak?
What is the safe limit for engine coolant temperature?
Converting Motorcycle From Traditional Distributor to CDI Ignition System
Data for car parts and sensors
Can stock headlight wiring deal with 110 W bulbs?
Torque specification thread lubricant best-practice as specified by manufacturers
4-way car connector to 7-way trailer connector
How to clean oil from cooling system?
1989 s10 blazer loss of power on slopes
Trying to bleed brakes, but getting no fluid out
Switch from N to D without brake
2002 Honda Civic, will not start without maintenance override procedure?
Classic 350 Heavy engine noise
Vibration following replacement of universal joints on drive shaft of rear wheel drive vehicle
1993 Mitsubishi Colt sometimes refuses to start
Installing a battery in a carbureted motorcycle with ABS
Random misfires and 2+3 cylinder misfires on 2009 Accord
Corolla - Coolant leaking from timing chain cover
Properly draining a motorcycle carburetor
2002 Pontiac Sunfire Leaking coolant from front center
Manual left in first with parking brake - burnt tire - how?
Cigarette lighter plug inside clip missing (Astra mk4)
2006 Hummer H3 - Driver side window and Door Lock not responding
What could be causing fuel pumps to die?
Fork oil for Suzuki GSXR 155 Naked
Does putting down the visors help defogging the windshield?
Sounds like brake disc is making contact with pad shims
Change gear without pressing the clutch when engine is off
Can't get a fuel pressure reading
P0302 error code Nissan Primera p12
Thermostat behavior and failure modes
Is error code P1684 common when the battery is replaced?
Motorcycle Tire Pressure for Rain
Cruise control repair
What is the difference between Stage 1 & Stage 2 Performance chips for an '89 S10 Blazer?
1996 Mazda Soho 1.3 - Idle throttle control valve acting up
Can I replace my TR7 carb mounting rubbers with nylon?
Discover 100 T nitrox shock absorbers replacement with other modals/ brands
Nissan Versa 2009 - Air in Car just stopped
Starter Motor grinds on first start attempt
Do fuel pressure regulators allow some fuel to flow even when not turned on?
What are the ramifications of leaving the Honda IMA battery "dead"?
Mazda 2 engine fan starts after turning engine off
2001 Hyundai Accent handbrake sensor
Lincoln MKX 2013 Front Bumper Mystery
Appropriate epoxy to apply to air dam on 2011 F-150
What can I do to maximize the efficiency of the defogger?
How can I install a battery kill switch in a 2006 Prius?
Recommended 100k mile maintenance
Any harm in leaving a block heater running after starting the engine?
09 Honda Odyssey No Start
Aftermarket wheels and tires and persistent mild vibration
Electrical issue 1997 Jetta 2.0
Should you hold the clutch in if you slip the clutch too much during a launch?
Possible clogged injectors?
Hyundai Sonata 2004 2.7 Electrical Drop
Renault Kangoo overheating - Waterpump? Thermostat?
Should I be worried about a Clio cough and lights flashing?
Can I jump start one car with two other cars in parallel?
2004 Hyundai XG-350L heater not blowing hot air, barely warm
BMW 320d B47 2014+ Did they fix the timing chain failure on the B47?
Should a bushing or sealant be used when bolting a gun safe to the cab floor?
P0300, P0302, P0303 on 2003 Honda Civic 1.7
Why do manufacturers detune engines?
How important it is to drain all the oil when doing an oil change?
Why is the oil light on in my new Honda Pilot after 4000 miles?
Why don't some modern cars automatically turn off headlights when stopped?
99 Chevy Venture leaking water
How can I increased mileage of my Bike
Why it is necessary to use choke for starting bike?
Less than specified bytes of data from OBD
Audi Q3 wet passenger footwell
Why do hybrids have the aesthetic wheel cover on the body?
Noise over bumps
What does this symbol of a car balancing on two wheels mean?
Opel Astra J: passenger seat belt warning isn't working, does it affect airbags?
Engine turns over, fails to start
Is it possible to replace the I20 rear parking camera lens
Is TPMS service recommended when buying new tires?
Ford F250 5.4 Triton - Oil pressure dropped, engine ran rough, won't restart
2011 Dodge Caravan having problems starting
Swapping tires with a different aspect ratio
A/C Not Working But Has Gas
Polo petrol as first car for a family of 4 to 5 people
Ford Ranger 3.0 TDCI XLT - Fifth Gear Problems
Astra MK6 - when warm, rough idle and shudders while accelerating
Gas pedal stops responding after driving for some time
Suburban air bag light
Does my mother's car have a thermostat problem?
Is an injector an injector?
Keyless Entry System Nissan Versa Sedan 2014
Refilling custom shock absorbers with brake fluid: too soft performance?
How to diagnose a P0125 on a 2001 Lincoln Navigator
Ac stop working after unplugging battery on subaru legacy bl5
Feedback sensation and noise at gear shifter when pressing brake pedal
After replacing starter no start
Positions of relays in fuse box of Honda Accord 2003
No start on 2002 GMC Savanna 1500
1993 Ford F350 stalling when braking and when put in gear
Does it really cost less to buy a vehicle new?
Ford Ranger stalls after starting up
2012 Great Wall v200
Possible Bad Pressure Control Sol. in my 4l30e?
Volvo V60 key needs new battery, will it 'forget' the car?
Engine Oil Too Low
Making cargo space even in Toyota Sienna?
How to replace an alternator on a BMW 3 series E46 320d (M47 engine)
How to replace the grill emblem of a Fiat Croma?
Coolant and Power Steering Leak
Power Steering Service
Can a loose radiator cap cause P0420?
Car engine vibrates vigorously with air conditioning on at idle speed
What is the significance of rotating tyres in this pattern?
Alto LX erratic start up behavior
Park assist cameras for lane change
VW Golf 6 - Error ESP and won't start
1980-95 Ford Truck Power Steering hose seals
Replace or Repair Mazda MPV 2000 faulty ECU?
1995 Buick LeSabre Start Up Issues
98 suzuki marauder 800. No power at all
Checking just bought new car?
Pressure build up in power steering reservoir
2006 Sequoia VSC TRAC, VSC off, and brake lights keep coming on
How do manufacturers detune engines?
Front Right Wheel locked up while driving
2005 e280 Mercedes OE parts and auxiliary circuits
Reattaching windshield mount mirror - '05 VW Jetta
Got water in oil while flushing radiator. What should I do now?
'05 Accord - No heat; changed thermostat
How to calibrate / reset the MFD (touch screen) on 2007 Toyota Prius
Battery /Starter
Timing related on 2000 Ford Excursion 6.8 Liter V10
Windshield wipers not wiping properly
Engine Overheating - Strange Behavior
Turbo concepts and implementation on an Alfa GTV 2.0 V6 TB
Do I have a fuel pressure or injector problem, or am I just chasing ghosts?
My Corolla is burning through gas like air
Shaking steering wheel while turning, squealing. Power steering?
What is the purpose of DEF in VW?
2016 Honda Accord Sport
Is it bad to continuously turn cruise control on and off?
Things to Consider While Installing a Radiator
problems with starting my motocycle
Honda Accord 2.0L i-VTEC Executive 4door - Automatic Transmission
Water leaks on passengers side feet when raining
Tire alignment Issue
What clean, non-sticky lubricant can I use for door hinges?
What is the power rating on this engine?
What are the ways from which I can remove scratches from my bike tank
Too much 'Tik-tik' noise from Rocker box after driving 10-15 km from cold engine condition in my classic 350
Which is the offside link arm on my suspension?
Audi A5 how to interface to car indicators, brake lights and reverse?
1992 Ford F-250 4x4 5.8l 408ci stroker tuning questions
Superbyke RSP 125 no electric not starting
What are possible sources of a squeek/mew when letting off the brake pedal?
Rewiring Liebherr crane with magnet
Faulty EVAP engine code
Complete exhaust system replacement necessary?
Tips for finding and identifying wiring diagrams
Fixing headlight that keeps blowing fuses
Dash gauges jitter then settle, stubborn starting, occasional stalls
Could this be a defective new tire, only 5 days old?
Ball joint did not fit as deep on the new control arm
Dashboard, radio, etc. turn on when turning key everything dies
Lose of Power when Headlights On and Accelerating
Can hooking up jumper cables incorrectly cause one to have to replace the throttle body?
Transmission fluid
Is this normal (low area below front of 2002 Honda Odyssey)?
Do these coil on plug waveforms suggest I have a bad engine controller?
Temporary power loss on 2006 Smart ForFour
Is my clutch worn out?
Motor clicking sound!
Harley Davidson: Can the engine be damaged by too much oil?
2002 Honda Civic Overheating
One low beam light doesn't work
Aftermarket radio problem
Will eliminating factory catalytic converter have effect on emission testing?
Damage during jumpstart
What could be making my truck skip?
What does a good injector spray pattern look like for a four hole injector?
Do keyless entry outside buttons work if key is inside?
2006 Pontiac G6 - brake lights turn on when brakes aren't pressed
Coolant and water in oil problem
Fuel Pump Suction Performance
Timing chain cover gasket
Honda Civic runs, warms up, and dies
O2 sensor replacement
Do all car stereos output audio with DC offset?
How to fix broken exhaust pipe?
Determine Chevrolet Cobalt Year
Can radio communications be fully disabled in a Tesla?
Car all of a sudden stopped blowing heat/ cold
Ford Ka mk1 stutters and dies
Identify 2000 New Holland Connector
95 Acura Integra LS: 3rd, left & right brake lights remain on after engine shutdown
2005 Hyundai Santa Fe headlights only work on high beam
Car dealer taking more time to repair. Is it ok to leave car idle for long time?
Honda Civic 1997 should the car be on or off when bleeding the brakes?
2005 V-8 4 runner 72,000 SE
What is the make / model of Vin Diesel's father's car in the original Fast & the Furious movie?
Why is it difficult to start Hyundais?
Why are my injectors different colors when they all have the same flow rate?
Grinding noise rear passenger side when braking at low speed
How does a timing light detect the electricity in the plug wire?
2008 MINI R56: White smoke coming from turbo after oil leak fix
opel corsa c 1.7 DTI won't reach engine temperature
Can you identify this Jaguar rear end?
Car AC cooling but not heating
Reliable 12V supply in car
Oil sludge residue help
Genuine Honda power steering fluid...do I have to use this?
What causes my car to die while in park after pressing on the brake?
Advice for nightmare backyard project
Effects of the flywheel having broken teeth, Toyota Camry
Multiple Batteries Charging
Gear grinds when changing down into 2nd on VW LT 35 TDI LWB
What is the the base fuel calculation in a fuel injected vehicle based on?
Adjustable pushrod can be installed in new royal enfield classic 350?
97 Suburban overheating
How to get a CD out?
Hub bearing grease: regular or for cv joint?
Engine problem while accelerating
Fuel Pressure Regulator, or something else wrong in my 1997 Chevy Suburban?
What's the risk of not changing out a fuel pressure regulator?
Is it normal that shifting from first to second gear requires side pressure
96 nonvtec motor convert to vtec and put into a 94 honda del.sol
Correct power steering hose replacement
Can a slipping/dry serpentine cause every cylinder to misfire?
2012 Mercedes ML350BT Shutsdown Randomly While Driving
Can the fuse cause my fuel pump not to turn on or is it the camshaft sensor that doesn't let my fuel pump to turn on?
2006 Lexus GX470: Convert navigation model to non-navigation?
Removing engine from Nissan E23 van/minibus (engine under seats)?
Loss of current to fuel pump
Coolant in the sump. Could that cause the engine to seize?
What damage does accidentally throttling too much before you clutch up into a gear change do?
Permanent solution for tik-tik noise in royal enfield bikes
First service for a 2015 Ford Edge AWD
Do injectors leak or injector seals leak?
2006 Mercedes CLK350 - Oil / coolant leak, or a mechanics mistake?
2004 Durango making bad noise after driving in D2
Does Lexus RX 400h/450h have electric power steering?
Truck problem need some help
will it freeze if i leave it overnight with no antifreeze or water
5.3 L removed from 2007 Avalanche LTZ. Active Fuel Mgmt bypass possible? PCM?
Could an air leak into the valve cover produce creamy brown oil?
Is it OK to use Redex fuel additive in winter?
Grille cover for '95 civic EG without AC for cold weather protection of engine
Checking Transmission Fluid Condition
Oil change needed soon? (Ford Taurus)
Should I start and idle the car for some time if I don't drive it on cold weather?
Start up problems-Toyota Celica
Car seems to have completely dead battery, tapping the negative terminal restores full function
In Tank Fuel Pumps Pros and Cons
High pitched sound coming from car when heat is on
Defender Right Indicator Incorrectly Canceling while Turning Right
Why is my car hard to start only after a few hours?
Sound of air leak during kickstart and during engine running?
A very simple circuit to supress 12v pulses from illuminating some LEDs
Ford VNR 9000 Radio code
Keeping windshield ice-free without heater
Removing interior trim pieces
Any means to add more batteries to an electric car?
how to remove this battery tray bolt and what is it?
Does the ABS Comm connector just pull off or does it have a special way to fasten?
what happens if I drive without coolant?
Push back /Obstruction feeling while braking
Why are there separate Fuel Pressure Regulator and Maximum Fuel Pressure Tests?
Stripped screw holding rear lamp assembly
Do I have a problem with my wheel bearings?
Removing wheel housing liner - Understanding instructions
Safe way to get a few more inches under car on flat surface
P0171 and P0174 in 2008 Range Rover HSE
Jetta Mk4 TDI 1.9 - Hard to start when cold
Ford F-150 (2011, 5.0L) wobbling pulley and rattle
Body kit attached with some kind of rubbery adhesive. Anyway to detach it safely?
Low Gears - "Clutch Bouncing off of Flywheel"
Overcharging car battery
Radiator fan not turning on
Toyota Avensis Verso D4-D 2002 after turbo & timing belt replacement drives differently
2012 Honda Civic 1.8 ABS, VSA, Power Steering Warnings and Pump Runs Continuously
2006 camry- doors lock themselves
2011 Equinox Heat only on high RPM
Nut and bolt terminology. What is the name of the fixing in the image?
When to fill tires with air
Toyota 2.0 D4-D (1CD-FTV) engine versions
Engine is vibrating when idle and seems like missfiring
2012 Toyota Camry LE 2.5L SFI DOHC 4cyl missing sensor connector
Doesn't want to start
Intermittent power loss possibly due to dirty fuel
What kind of transmission issue does this sound like?
Dodge Ram - no heat at idle but have heat when driving
2005 Chevy Impala Gas Gauge shows half reading when gas is empty
2006 Kia Sedona Cranks but will not start
BMW 320d Coupe - Oil Leak
Brakes on VW acting on their own
My 2008 Hyunai Accent is misfiring on two cylinders, bad gas?
2002 Buick Century - Sporadic front turn signals
Testing / checking a water pump
How do I fix this coolant flush?
Help with spark plug stuck upside down in well
How i can change the language to radio for Mazda Axela 2014?
How Long does engine take to relearn lean condition is resolved?
What is crankshaft grinding and why is it done?
How are crankshaft crankpin journals ground?
Wheel covers for '95 civic EG with drum brakes
Changed brake pads and bled the system, but brakes go mushy when engine is running
Driver's door beeps when open
Mazda 3 really bad idle related to fuel pump
Subaru Outback (2004): flat tow with another Subaru if running? Fuel line repair?
Weak spark on one cylinder
UK - Fiesta 2001 1.25 P0302 Cylinder 2 Misfire Detected
Shuddering between 60 and 70 kmph: 2008 Fiat Panda
Using an Anderson plug to jump start a vehicle
Steering wheel stiff while turning while driving
Totaled car; should I buy my own parts?
Are rear rigid axles repairable? If so, how?
Vibration at certain RPM after timing belt replacement
Emissions per mile of high MPG lean-burn gas-powered cars versus standard gas-powered cars
2013 Ford Fusion: Radio & Heater/Defroster turn on and off by themselves
Engine running rough and a "Service StabiliTrak" message after vehicle has been sitting, why?
Overheating at idle - mechanic says head gasket
'04 Mazda Demio idles like an old tractor
What size hole should be drilled for an individual tap?
Do I have a fuel pressure or injector problem Part 2
2013 Chevy Cruze Degraded Transmission Fluid
Opel Adam 2016 Car feels bouncy
Brake pads dragging on front discs on Honda CBR125R (2012)
Briggs & Stratton 7.5 hp wood chipper loses power after an hour of runtime
How misaligned can timing sprockets be before valve damage?
Can a catalytic convertor be to small for an engine?
Engine noise/rattle on startup
How to disable tracking/beacon on kia soul ev?
Weight of oil and synthtic vs conventional question
Changing or disabling vtec switchover RPM in 7th generation Honda Accord
2015 Kia Soul base
VW Wiring Harness Repair / Replacement
One Citroen C4 remote doesn't work after driving (but the other does)
"Starter Motor Solenoid relay Switch"
No Reverse signal in car harness. Connection comes from reverse light?
Car vibrates when in idle, especially with AC on
My Car Wont Turn over Need Help!
VW 2012 Jetta Sportwagon 2.0L TDI clunk in stearing wheel
Honda CR-V 2009
Mustang dies when I put it in park
Remove/Replace engine wiring harness on '02 VW Jetta TDI
One car speaker problem
Toyota dies when I turn on the AC
No 3rd and 4th gear selection
Headlight washer blocked by ice
Cranks, but slow to catch. Dies after starting
Could this be the source of an exhaust leak
What is the typical spring rate for a racing car shock absorber and what does it depend on?
How warm should a relay get?
Is it possible to have glow plugs on all the time for certain amount of time?
90 Toyota 22R engine low idle, shaking, extremely jerky acceleration
Why we needs to chages brake pads?
Is there a chemical limitation to the mixture an engine can maintain?
2005 Mazda 3 2.3L rough idle
Driving without oxygen sensor
2016 Chevy Silverado white smoke and the smell of oil
Can you run an engine with an acorn shell in one of the cylinders?
How often to set tire pressure
SCANTOOL cable giving errors BUS and CAN when connecting to a TOYOTA
Locked doors during power failure
Citroen C4 screen wash pump location
Engine misfires when cold
My Honda Shine gets auto accelerated?
How does the Prius (2011) re-ignite the gas engine without causing too much wear on the ignition?
Chrysler Sebring won't start
No fuel being sprayed
Radiator leaks after replacing radiator & water pump
What type of oil should I select for Greece?
Stamping hand tools with initial
2015 Buick Encore fuel pump
Mystery-2008 Scion xB sticks in gear
Bypassing the Neutral Safety Switch? No start no crank issue!
Why is my clutch not working properly?
My 2011 Equinox LT
What would cause differences in spark plug wear on a '97FordRanger?
2014 Chevy Cruze squeaky serpentine belt
Does water around a gasket imply an exhaust leak
Car electric issue due to cold weather
Is my head gasket cracked?
Why are rear and front spring rates different?
2005 Kia Sedona sensor question
How is Intake Manifold flow measured?
My remote key fob only works a foot from my door.
Impossible to separate ball joint
Front left speaker/tweeter back to life after high volume?
Modify transaxle tip to have splines instead of key slot
Excessive brake pedal travel on a Toyota Sienna
Different pipe pressure on motorcycle exhaust
Is an aftermarket amplifier really necessary for standard applications?
What kind of wear does a spark plug cable go through?
Turn Signal Killed Battery?
Does BMW use piezo-injectors for all their diesel engines since N57?
Chaning turn signal flasher in a 1996 Buick Century
my Hyundai vibrates at RPM 3K
My dashboard lights are dim
bleeding of brakes on my elantra 2005
Are there any throttlebodies known to fit as replacement for SU carbs?
Power steering out after driving through deep puddle
2009 Ford E350 Econoline Passenger van OEM Navi upgrade w Ford Sony Factory Amp
Odd yellow electrical connector (GM)
Knocking/Vibration Brand New Kia Cerato - Aftermarket Wheels
Water bogged and now I'm stranded
Transmission problems diagnosis
Can I leave my car on a jack for several days?
Can improper coolant concentration increase coolant temperature?
How to know if the brakes are rear/front or diagonally split?
Bumper squeaking on new car
Pulsar 220dtsi engine oil level
Engine Runs Cold Nevers warms up above 1/4 way. 1995 Chevrolet G20 4.3L V6
How can I determine transmission model?
Why is my car jumping while I drive?
Intermittent starting problem 2004 Pontiac Grand Prix
Nissan Versa 2014 reverse light wire
Car lurched slightly after changing rear brake pad
Truck overheating; no coolant flow through radiator
Car won't start without a jump
What Does It Mean When Your Car Won't Start and Your Radio Won't Come On?
engine started briefly then 3 loud clicks and stalled,
'09 corolla dim lights not working
Restart when stalled while moving
Can a check engine light reset itself when a scan tool is connected?
Why can't they add more gas particles to the pressure higher to force a piston down!
How much oversize should you target when choosing a throttlebody?
Why is such a high energy density needed for a ICE?
1998 Mercury Sable LS Climate Control - AC stuck on?
2009 Corolla Center Console Cup Holder Insert won't stay in place
2008 Ford Escape hybrid brake and computer problem
Is four-wheel steering used for lane-change maneuvers in any production cars?
Car won't start after driving
Clean mildew from inside interior paneling
Brake pedal soft after changing pads
Saab engine smoking
What damage can one expect from towing an all wheel drive(awd) with 2 wheels down?
Pipe and white smoke come out to the exhaust pipe
What is the performance gain from four-wheel steering in high-speed emergency lane-change maneuvers?
2013 Mazda 3 Loses Power
Is car not idleing a key problem?
1993 Honda Civic keeps blowing the 50 amp fuse under the hood
My 99 Ford Mustang will not keep a charge on the battery. We have replaced the batter 3 times since last summer. What could be draining it?
Start Car When Remote Battery Is Dead
Buying an older car. How to decide on the balance between age and mileage?
Is there a reputable list of well rated van models and/or engines?
Valve lifters hitting camshaft when hand cranking
Jimny problem after service
Pink residue and overflow around the coolant reservoir
I shorted out my flasher relay, what would have been damaged?
Wheel covers for MPG, recommendations
How do I change language in my Navigation/CD/DVD System?
Dominar 400 engine coolant level
Filling the tires with something other than air, to avoid puncture hassles?
Poor Acceleration after certain speed
Engine Overheat via Head Gasket Leak
Hole in the engine of John Deere riding mower
ECU/PCM plug pinouts
How does cruise control interact with my hybrid car?
Why are wheels labeled "R16" when the 16" is actually the diameter?
Sway bar and lower control arm too far apart on one side (sway bar link)
PCV Valve hose question
Low voltage when using remote starter
Help tracking down a battery drain issue on a 2007 Vauxhall Corsa
Fork bend issue!
Compression/power increase for ethanol engine?
How to correctly select a line clamp?
What is gasoline used for in an engine?
What options exist for adding three seats with 3 point seatbelts to a MWB Ford Transit?
2007 Chevy Silverado How to remove interior rust
Remove broken spark plug threads
Problem with my 02 Lincoln Ls
Car with EGR and without catalyst
Difference between OEM windshield and aftermarket?
Loose front brake calipers
Mazda 3 2005 delayed tire rotation
1998 Honda ST1100 gas leak
Difficulty of shifting down to 1st while moving (manual)
Jeep hard to turn right after starting
I have nissan 240 1985 problem in electricity the problem
My stereo turns off when I step on my brakes
1999 ford f150 4x4 extended cab...bogged down moving rpms and misfiring
Fitting a MotoGadget V2 Unit on my motorbike
Can "performance" fuel filters actually increase fuel flow?
SAAB 93 1.9 Diesel from 2007 won't crank
Considerations for downsizing wheel diameter
can a loose 12v power receptacle cause a GPS to burn out
Is there a treatment to prevent CV boots from cracking?
2005 Ford Escape engine block exuding gas fumes
Has my motor seized?
Is there a diagnostic that can be done on a used hybrid car's battery pack?
Truck died at light but started again once facing downhill
Mazda 323 code P0763 - replace transmission or just solenoid?
What is the common trend for tire wear? Drive wheels? Steering/braking wheels?
Toyota Yaris Fuel Saving
2002 Ford Escape oil in coolant
Cooling systems without a drain valve
what does B/G mean in trucking?
Likely source of 'grease balls' in brake caliper piston cup
Electrical? Idk what it could be
What's a reasonable time for doing a one person brake bleed?
Hissing sound when depressing the brake pedal
Dead battery, but headlights not dim
2005 Peugeot 206 has hard shifts and a P1167 DTC
In a manual car, does changing gear quickly put more wear on the synchro's?
Diagnosing stuck temperature gauge on Vauxhall Astra Mk3/F
Do I need to replace all engine mounts after one has failed?
Should I use open engine oil that was left over from previous oil change
"SIS ESCAPE" message on dash of 2015 Isuzu NQR?
Preventative maintenance on 10 yr old Honda Accord with 65k miles
What is the small metal square attached to the wheel or tire?
Why operating shift knob gear at high rpm while upshifting from 1st to 2nd is smoother than at lower rpm?
When loading a car trailer how should the load be set?
2000 Volks Jetta 2.0 Codes P0303 & P1255
Volkswagen push-button start
How to repaint your steering wheel emblem?
Can I insulate my van's floor UNDER the bottom, in the undercarriage?
Why do so many diesel engines have problems with aluminum oxide in the cooling systems?
Flame speed: gasoline vs ethanol?
Calculate vehicle range using OBD-II data
Yamaha Crux-S Shock Absorbers-Rear
1999 Polo 1.6 GL Petrol - Reduced power - Loud hissing noise
Lifting primer and paint around sanded areas
Hiding bodywork lines with body filler?
Battery resting voltage drop after trying to start
What other hacks exist to disconnect a "quick-connect"-style fuel line?
Noisy 4.6L Mustang engine
Motorcycle won't start the second time. Flooding?
2004 Kia Sedona 160000 miles Timing Belt Replacement
Cobalt problems
Why do some axle repair bearings have two seals?
Lift Kits or Air Suspension system for my 2015 Ram 4x4?
Is antilock-brake failure common in 90s-era Hondas?
Taking my car to get inspected today in NY
Calculate Intake Manifold Absolute Pressure from MAF Engine using OBD Data
What are the long term effects of parking outside?
Ticking noise in a 2011 Corsa SXI at 54000 miles
When will a new emission driving cycle be implemented?
What's the purpose of having the cat right after the exhaust manifold
Check engine light mysteriously turned off
2010 Chevy Traverse Driver window controller
What is the purpose of secondary air injection?
How are rotary engines balanced?
Effectively planning and seeing a DIY project through to completion
How does a remap work? Is it harmful for a car?
2012 Sonata GLS won't turn on
Unknown indicator on dashboard: P67-y on dashboard Toyota Vitz (Yaris)
mercedes benz 308D precombustion chamber is leaking compression after tightenning. is there any thing I can use to colse the remaing air pockets
Check Engine light soon after starting car
what alternative Engine Oil could I use?
When connecting diagnostic PC to OBD port - What is the most detailed output file?
2004 KIA Sedona Timing Belt Replacement
Why does my dome light and "door ajar" light come on when I make a right turn?
honda 2002 turns over but will not start (freespins)
My clutch only engages when it's almost completely out
Keep car in best condition which is not regularly used
Squealing above 55mph
Would an ethanol engine require a catalytic converter?
1999 Honda Accord can't change ventilation mode
Will an airbag light fail safety inspection in NJ?
KIA Rio 2015 locked on the 3d gear
am i supposed to use gas when i a shift gears on a manual?
Is it safe to mix Hyundai OEM coolant (green color) with Prestone Cor-guard 50/50 coolant (neon yellow)?
Pass-through hydraulic hand brake cylinder
car heated up please help urgent
Solstice! Car starts to run rough after hitting the gas, intermittently.
What does muddy transmission fluid indicate?
Steering wheel became tight but Power steering pump not making noise
2007 Ford Territory headlight/taillights issue
How to clean exhaust manifold mating surface
13 " to 14" rims on lightweight 3x5ft trailer
Octane number definition differences in different countries
Why can a reasonably new car consume oil?
How long should the engine be off until checking oil level?
Should I be concerned about these cracks on the giubo?
Will 93 octane fuel burn completely in an 87 octane engine?
Replacement tires, can it blow my trans case, or anything else?
Another way to heat air in car engines?
What are the benefits of direct ignition (coil on plug) system?
Hole in engine of my 2011 Toyota Corolla.
Intermittant start 1999 Toyota Tacoma 4cyl
How do I remove the cup holders of my 2016 Mazda 6?
What causes new spark plugs to burn out quickly on 2005 altima
What does the color of the coolant indicate?
What problems can a loose radiator cap cause?
Needing to drop the hood from considerable height
Used Michelin tires safe to install?
What do professional battery testers actually measure?
Why does the stability control light blink when ABS is doing its job?
What is wrong with tyre
Very difficult cold starting
Jumping a bad battery?
Why do some cars have battery under the trunk?
Exhaust Manifold Nuts won't screw in all the way
How do I put my automatic car into neutral while moving in drive?
Vintage Car Radios .Issues with modern Antennas
What is more cost effective: re-charging a car battery or replacing it new when it dies?
Wheel fell off after new tyres fitted
Getting VIN's of North American Vehicles
Are car batteries meant to be disposable or are they re-chargeable?
Won't start with a new battery and won't turn over or make any noise
How can I repair my scratched dash?
Initial pickup feels decreased with improper thumping in my royal enfield classic 350 2015 UCE
What is better for selling a car, inspection by dealer or highly rated local mechanic?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using lithium batteries in automotive applications?
Voltage Problem
Why does my car sound more laboured and vibrate more when I switch my front windscreen demister on?
Jeep Liberty Brake Light Indicator
How do you know if two transmissions are compatible?
Transformation of Energy in Cars
How to fix loose connection at back of fuse box?
Is there a fuel cell that uses electricity to split water?
Why aren't electric forms of heating used in internal combustion engines
How do connect any rear door speaker to my sony aftermarket car stereo
Vauxhall Viva clutch slipping - does it need the work that's being quoted?
Vw caddy bakkie with a 1.8 mp9 conversion
Maxima, Alternator & AC
Who is responsible for making sure the correct insurance is on a car with a lien on it?
1-2 sec delay between phone video and car audio connected to phone via bluetooth
2002 Honda Civic: Starts in the morning, but wont start after driving for a while?
Overreving the engine vs too small RPM
Why is there no 1-4-2-3 Firing order?
Need to change Rod bearings...any tips?
Let my VW idle for almost 2 hours, came out and engine smoking. Is it totaled?
Holden Commodore 2010 Reluctor Rod
Mercedes C200W203 No click at ignition and hesitates
T4 non starting problem
How do I get wheel tick info from vehicle?
Engine braking downhill and fuel consumption
1989 S10 Blazer Rear end differential
How much can New tires affect the speed on a car?
Merc C class 2.2 CDI W203 tire skipping
If a customer asks me to check for tracking devices, where should I look?
2007 fusion power stering hose keeps rupturing
2011 Jeep Compass No-Start
What will happen if a small nut is lost under the valve cover?
2008 Ford Escape Hybrid Stop Safely Now - P1A0C
Why buy an ECU with the highest version alphabet?
Changing performance on my 2008 Suzuki BoulevardC50T
What are some signs of contaminated fuel?
Why is my car not charging?
Hearing noises when braking until the brakes "heat-up" during winter time
1982 yamaha seca 750 engine wont turn over
Smart ForFour power steering problem
Power steering fluid looks orange
How can I calculate wheel size
Transmission not going into gear until the engine is accelerated to a very high rpm
How to diagnose a knocking sound that I hear when the car is running?
Numbers of cylinders effect on sound (even firing)?
Catalyst Temperature
Welding sheetmetal
Camshaft sensor testing
Engine missfires when idling, but only when hot
Why do we place a negative cable to the ground instead of the negative terminal while jump starting a dead car battery?
Is this a good explanation of EGR principles?
Ford Taurus Grinding Sound Slowed Movement
I have Vespa sxl 150 scooter.It behaves strange while giving aceleration
Knocking valve sound after gasket replacement
Can the amount of ampere hours in a car battery be determined by it's output in volts?
Starting my Honda Accord in Michigan winter?
How long can a flat tire sit before the sidewall is ruined?
How to select a good recondition vehicle
2003 Honda Civic LX won't start
Why do I hear sound from the ABS on RAV4 hybrid when pressing the brake pedal at standstill?
Can I use windscreen repair resin in wet weather?
1968 Mustang 200: Vibration when accelerating
Idle issue on a 91-92 Accord
2001 Volkswagen Jetta VR6 Won't Start
ECM voltage, spark spike
How to replace 2011 Jetta 2.5 SE seat position airbag sensor
Torquing pinion nut on pinion shaft—can it be done with tires on ground?
Cleaned throttle body, MAP sensor suddenly dead
Car battery - Disconnected just positive while doing work
Car stalled. Brake pedal fully depressed and will not release, car engine will turn over but will not start
Diagnosing Hydroboost Brake Systems
Should I get an owner's manual or repair manual?
Grinding noise on engine shut off
Battery voltage and ABS system
Why not always run boost?
Renault Master - locking and locking barrel issues
2001 Honda Civic - random no-start, fixed by battery disconnect
Are bigger tires better in snow?
Diesel or gasoline engine for short trips?
No injectior signals and error codes
2012 Mitsubishi Galant SE
2004 Nissan Frontier V6 2WD Radiator Fan Clutch Removal
RPM wildly fluctuates while idling
what in the thermostat opens when it reaches a certain temperature?
Why is my 2002 VW Passat battery going dead?
What is making the sloshing sound in the right front part of my car, under the hood?
BMW E92 335i 2008 head gasket
Battery problem for paddy harvester
Replacing/upgrading from R12 to R134 system in 71 C10
What are different anti-seize compounds used for?
LTFT high and never changes
What deteriorates engine coolant, Milage, age or both?
Where to learn about manual transmissions?
Bad ground cause alternator to output low volts?
Broken off fuse in case
Battery tested good but it keeps getting drained. Is my alternator failing or is it because I don't drive much?
Royal Enfield classic 350 engine off while running
Slightly low MPG - need help with my checklist
Need to read OBD-II steering angle PID on 2009 Toyota Camry
Ran out of fuel while riding, what's worst?
Coolant reservoir empty
In auto transmission second gear stuck for few minutes
Does it matter if you only flush half your coolant?
Would a torn inner tie rod noise reduce in occurrence and severity when the car is warm?
Why can't I connect my R/R directly to the battery?
Honda cbr250r ECU question
Do engines absolutely need an O2 sensor to function properly?
How to deactivate the button that control auto open and close of side mirrors
Planning to fit an oil catch can into my car. Any problems with this setup?
What to do if you don't know if you have DOT 3 or DOT in your brake lines?
Is it bad to run a chevy volt out of gas on a regular basis?
95 Integra Starter
1996 Chevy Silverado losing power
fuel consumption - gear - rpm relation
replacing a voltage regulator on a snow machine with a tansistor of some sort?
Prevention against turning of the camshaft during the tensioner replacing in 1 cylinder 2 valves 4 stroke engine
2013 accord - sudden power steering failure while driving. Error code 71-01
Coolant leak 2006 Jeep Commander
Engine knocking, or......?
Is the manufacturer's cold tire inflation pressure in regards to a constant value?
Rattling noise that goes away when braking?
Does the computer oscilate engine power
Location of the fuel level sensor?
My motorbikes front fork oil is leaking and making a noise in brakes
2007 Escalade - grease on front axle
1991 Buick Skylark shakes when applying brakes
2000 Honda Civic Ex 1.6l Coupe - AC doesn't engage
Standardised engine oil temperature range?
Should bikers keep one spare spark plug in kit always?
Reasons car loses ability to accelerate with time?
I have honda steed vlx 400cc
Azera Valve Cover Gaskets
Do i need a new motor?
Should an alternator ever run over 14.5V?
Will this Relay circuit work?
B18A1 Acura Integra Motor
Why is there no air flow thru my heater core?
choosing between the many ways to fill exterior trim holes
Can a secondary audio wire harness be spliced into a factory head unit harness?
Head studs' threads larger length: problematic issue?
heavy soot buildup in a new car on tailpipe
Dropped Bike on Left Side and now It Won't Start if in Gear
Mercedes B200 ABS+ESP+Tire Pressure lights after simple repair
What is a tire bubble?
Add sensors to stock car alarm
Replaced radiator and Thermostat, Car Still Overheating
Car battery recently replaced - could it cause static buildup?
Is the "italian tuneup" a real phenomenon?
Do these dents warrant replacing the doors altogether?
Combining two single cylinder engine using chain in the crankshaft - Is it Reliable?
Fiat Palio 1.2 injector failure
What is causing slight steering wheel vibration?
I have an MG ZR and it's been parked up about two years, what do I need to get it running again?
Temporary loss of engine power when headlights flashed after jump start
Engine sound louder when accelerated from 20mph - Nissan Altima 2015
97 chevy lumina water in oil
07 Suzuki Boulevard S40 leaking gas
Does thick snow considerably reduce fuel economy?
Car shakes from 60 to 80 mph, not tires, wheels or alignment
2004 Mustang 40th edition won't start sometimes
What is the formula to determine a relay for aftermarket lights?
What is the difference between a knuckle and spindle?
Securing rods for threading: how to avoid vice bites?
What could be making this vibrating sound?
Troubleshooting engine damage after radiator hose failure
What does in mean if upshift indicator on 1987 VW Golf misbehaves?
95 Integra LS starter selection
In what recent model year were the Chrysler Town and Country brakes redesigned?
GL-4 or GL-5 for gearbox oil replacement?
Do parking lights serve a purpose in this day and age?
Should loctite be used on suspension components?
Blue Devil affect on water pumps
Car Hard Start - in Cold Weather only
What is this please :)?
Volvo XC90 8V AWD car speed to piston revolution speed ratio changed after repair
Cheater Plug for Level 1 EVSE to Level 2 EVSE
Is it worth the effort to overhaul a 95 integra starter?
Should this tire be replaced?
Why does my automatic transmission not shift sometimes?
2012 BMW X5 50i high engine oil consumption
'09 Chevy Malibu - No Crank, No Start - Heavy Troubleshooting Already Completed
Toyota Vitz rough idle
2003 Audi A4 1.9 TDI stalls when driving
White smoke and burning smell from engine area, can you spot the oil leak?
2009 Ford Fusion Tail Lights Outs
2-stoke motorcycle engine stops when shift to first gear
Identifying cause for (pram) wheel squeak
Replacement for Car Amplifier ( Rockford Fosgate Punch 60x2 )
Car won't start abs just got a starter put on
Toyota vitz 2007 1.3 2szfe gear box replacement
What are the risks of jump-starting a modern car?
2003 F350 7.3L Superduty starts when clutch is depressed regardless of key position
How to remove vibration damper from a Volkswagen 1.8 TSI (EA888) Engine?
1998 cherokee sport 4x4 hydraulic clutch problems
2000 Honda Civic ABS Light On, Speedometer and Tachometer not Working
Can We Charge Maintenance Free Battery?
Inner tie rod "Lock Plate" (Nissan specific?)
Why does the radiator fan have to start when turning the A/C on?
Jeep engine issue
Head gasket sealer or head gasket replace
Backtracing: P0606 (PCM fault) to P0716 (Input Speed Sensor) to Faulty Gearbox
Battery Open circuit voltage
2014 Ford Fusion rear seat heating
How did my moon roof and all my windows open without anyone driving, touching or not being in the car in 2 -3 days?
Can someone identify this part. Peugeot
Why a two-lever valve spring compressor?
2005 Chevy Suburban 2wd 1500 Battery Drain tied to RTD 30 Amp Fuse for Air Ride Suspension
Oil pressure light and vehicle idle
2005 PT Cruiser Turbo check engine light
95 Integra LS Starter: Procedure to replace plunger and starter
How can the connections of an aftermarket wire harness be joined to a stock harness?
Can a modern car start after days of interior lights shining?
4 cycle weed eater problem
Misfire in single cylinder 4 stroke engine
ABS Pump motor disassembly
Overfill oil on 1.5 Liter VTEC-e Civic 1995
Honda Fit 2007 Headlight problem
How to verify the safety of a lift for a full sized pickup?
Painting engine block & ancillaries being assembled: when is the right time to do so?
Cheapest way to transport a non-functioning motorbike across town
Is it necessary to turn off the engine while refuelling?
2001 Jeep dash board not working
Clunking/grating sound coming from front right when turning left at speed
Aftermarket Exhaust
honda activa power start problem
Honda XL250R-C Carb ISSUES
99 f150 heater problems
98 GMC 1500 SLT ac electrical problem
My Van Burns Oil Quickly With No Smoke or Visible Leak
2012 Ford Focus idle fluctuation
JB Welding a Stripped Oil Pan
Guide pins in brake caliper
Can I ride my motorbike without fenders? UK
What are the possible reasons for an Engine Knock?
2002 Monte Carlo SS
How can a cv joint break suddenly?
Engine braking with CVT - does it hurt the engine in some cases?
Hyosung GT650R Comet Radiator
Tricks for disconnecting sensor connectors
Which are the MX-5 B6 engine camshaft specifications?
Car pulls to the side when driving or braking on a bumpy road
Can wheels become unaligned after replacing struts?
Design of a double A-arm suspension
Going at 60-70 KPH in first gear - does it damage the transmission?
Can I hold an engine (with aluminum block) using its gearbox studs?
Oil in the cooling system due to failed oil cooler
ford focus 2003 new starter stays engaged new ignition switch,new wire harness to starter how to test starter relay
Reverse on Auto transmission isn't engaging properly after extensive engine braking
Why is this valvetrain pitch-black?
'04 Seat Cordoba makes a rythmic pulsating sound
Need to find out which type of radial shaft seal I have
Rotor replacement, one or both?
How is it possible for the crankshaft RPM to not directly correlate to the driveshaft RPM?
Why don't oil drain plugs use NPT bolts?
Towing a 72 Chevy pickup
What's this box under the hood of a 2007 Lexus ES350?
Battery terminal protectors
Air conditioning hisses, but gauges show pressure, no cold air
Smoke coming from behind engine with a stutter at idr
What could cause high HC and CO, but low NO and CO2 in a smog test
Emissions Test / U0121 CEL Disimissed Itself
VX Commodore Uneven Brake Wear
Should I Replace My Rotors
Rear width of 1997 C/K 1500 (WMS to WMS)
Knock on 2000 Mazda 626 after replacing the alternator
09 Buick Enclave 3.6 No Start
Buying a used car that is a few years old but high mileage
2002 VW Jetta Wagon 2.0L - Gear shift stuck in park (automatic)
What is this indicator for?
Audi A4 tick / scratching noise, parking brake fault
2003 Jeep Wrangler - Coolant Leak
2009 C300 not starting
minivan with 48000 miles needed front driveshaft replaced?
Does the computer in modern cars record the maximum RPM attained by the engine?
Flat tire right after replacing all tires - what could be the cause?
1994 Pathfinder (barely used for 6 months) bogs and then dies. Troublehooting help needed
Does charging the battery on a regular basis damage the alternator over time?
Is ATF effective for cleaning carbonized heads and pistons?
Speedometer doesn't work and transmission won't shift
Head bolt sequence for 4.3 liter 1995 Chevy 1500
Are thick bands of rust on brake rotor indicative of a braking issue?
2003 Mercedes Benz C320 Having ROUGH IDLE issues
Trunk lid will not open
Seat Leon TDI Stylance 2007
2002 kawasaki zx6r stutters
Pop out spark plug: Can drive to the garage?
High vacuum pressure on idle after timing gear and chain replacement
Normal Variation in Cylinder Temperatures on a new or properly tuned engine?
How can I find the date code on my battery?
Can a check engine light be connected to power steering? (Hyundai Getz 1.1 Gsi 2007)
What types of bits are needed to work on a modern car?
Not sure if my block heater is working
How to tell the Difference: Condensation Drain Vs Lubrication Hole
How can I remove paint off my truck?
my hyundai vin code is not valid
2003-2006 Honda Accord v6 - ATF refill amount
2003 Rav4 Reverse light switch
08 Mazda CX-9: Is this a transmission leak?
Welding, Repair, or Patch Catalytic Converter Crack
ac only works on high
Why won't my 1992 Pontiac Sunbird run without starting fluid?
How to install bluetooth in a 05 Lexus ES330?
I'm looking at a 1978 F-150 Truck that pulls to the left in between Shifting gears. Where ould be a good place to start looking?
adapter for ODB2 device
Coolant in the cat, can it be saved?
Why don't we have slow diesel engines?
How to correct brake pedal click from the interlock solenoid on a Nissan Titan
Why won't my '05 VW Caddy rev past 3500rpm?
Can I test the parking sensors on my 2007 Chrysler Pacifica with a multimeter?
Why does opening the throttle body make the engine rev higher?
Is it normal that a cold engine takes longer to start?
Is it safe to Drive an hour or more on the highway after a brake pad change?
Can you prevent the diesel bug with a silver coil?
Replacing lost 2010 Hyundai Elantra Key
Controlling door lock/unlock via CAN bus
Is this abnormal tie rod play? (Axial rotation)
oil pan removal
2010 KIA Rio Engine stalls, then won't start
emergency brake on while driving
Extending oil change intervals by changing oil filter frequently
Bleeding brakes on a 06 chevy equinox
Can retail OBDII scanners "kill" my car's ECU?
Volvo 2.0D engine "self-oscillates" after changing timing belt and adjusting fuel-injectors
Older craftsman lawn mower 14 HP popped out of neutral to first gear
What do I need to consider when converting a mechanical speedometer over to electrical?
2003 Honda Accord Crank But no start
Reactivating Corsa gamma features
I have a friction sound coming from the front bottom leftish side of my car - what should I look at? (Video inside)
i have a womp,womp sound coming from my left front tire
Ford S-Max radio/sat nav unit identification
Jeep Wrangler shudders/stalls when put in gear after cold start
03 Honda Accord lx 2.4 vtech misfires and stalls when cold
2003 Ford Escape V6 oil light showing
Slipping Automatic Transmission when Cold
Strange brake pedal 'popping' sensation
SOHC System Engine
My '06 Nissan 350z (UK) alarm goes off when battery connected
Dipped headlight near side won't turn on
How much pressure is needed to force the piston down in an ICE?
P0106 error in a brand new car
Ford Fiesta 2001 1.25 Zetec won't start, stumbles/stalls
Effect of smoke ingestion on fuel injected car engine?
OBD2 Mode 1 PID 12
Suzuki motorcycle radiator doesn't get hot
Scraping sound from front right wheel area
Engine hot, radiator cold
[Toyota avalon 1995]How to disable the seat belt chime?
2012 Dodge Grand Caravan clutch/transmission fail
Alternative to seal strips for crankshaft rear-end bearing cap/seal plate?
How do i find a vacuum leak in an 02 aurora oldsmobile
Is there any advantages of the mounting side (left or right) of the motor in a FWD vehicle?
1995 GM OBD transitional 1.5 scan tool
1998 Grand Cherokee 318 V8 losing coolant
my engine over heated
timing belt pulleys
Buick LeSabre '97 - 'Security' indicator light goes on... why and how to fix?
Does different voltage jump starter make a difference?
What Mikuni carb model do I have?
Constant issues with the Calliper
2014 CRV, Won't start after leaving keys in ignition for 15 minutes, clicking sound
What is torque steer?
Carburetor needle broken
Why car and motorcycle are not packaged with box?
Starter motor doesn't "let go"
'04 Corolla won't start sometimes
Impact sockets with a Torque wrench reduce accuracy?
How To Test New Timing Chain Before Engine Closed?
08 Mazda CX-9: Jolts after traction ctrl and slight stearing pull
Which of these things knocked my wheels out of alignment?
1998 Chevy truck/suburban/tahoe heater control not working (burnt resistor)
Fiesta 1.4i lx Zetec engine 2002 model Mk6 - Misfire on cylinders 1 & 4 only
Why is my 2012 Chevy Equinox heater only blowing cold air?
My 1998 f150 4.6 only blows out lukewarm air
battery in a 2000 jeep grand
Car running hot
Simple fool proof way to identify Bank1 and Bank2 side
scooter won't start at all
Is this brownish red gunk definitive evidence of a blown head gasket?
Should I depress the clutch pedal when braking to a stop?
Oil Leak from Drain Plug
Engine temperature reading higher than usual
2012 Honda CRV brake pads, how do I dispose of them?
How To Diagnose 3rd Brake Light (Without Proper Equipment)
My upper radiator hose is never pressurized but car never over heats....?
What is the Capacity of Gas Station Pumps After the Fuel Mixing Point?
Keep control cables from freezing on snowblower
What would happen if i took the throttle plate off my 5.3L V8 engine?
What grade of bolts should I use for motorcycle brake hardware?
Is it ok to mix different clutch fluid color?
Engine flush a good Idea?
Is mixing two types of coolant in my Ford Fusion 2008 (Oreilly Universal and Motorcraft Gold) damaging to my coolant system?
Had new tires put on back or car, and rotated to front, suddenly i have break steer on hard braking
2011 Subaru Outback grinding noise when starting car
Battery acid clean up
What can cause a vehicle's rear brakes to click and squeal only in reverse?
What would cause those two codes?
HELLS BELLS! Auto part shop sold me wrong parts/mechanic installed them. What are consequences?
Mayonnaise on tip of dipstick - new car, low miles, well maintained. What to do?
Change battery side side-light bulb 2004 VW Polo E RHD
How to store a just rebuild automatic transmission
95 Integra: Broken Nipple to hose
What are the stereo voltages?
Coolant pump question
Can a belt burn without squeeling?
Why does my car tick while idling. Tick increases speed with increase of rpm
Rear door on Matrix won't stay up
I have question about my Bmw 325I 1995
Did I install the end link incorrectly?
Using too much oil between oil changes
Jumping solenoid to start scooter
Poured small amount of oil into coolant reservoir
O2 sensor location for 1990 pickup 4x4 3.0L
Is RPM Running too high?
Read vehicle speed from Isuzu D-Max 2015
Reccomendations for non-HID LED headlight replacements?
Emissions - High CO reading only
Stick shift - strong judder on pullaway
Loss of power in my royal enfield classic 350
CRV Black Death -- recommendations
What is this piece of metal at my caliper?
2007 Chrysler Town & Country van ... A/C not working
Is it ok to drive with the tire scraped like this?
Why do multi-axle vehicles have "innie" and "outie" wheel hubs?
Car wasn't starting, now starts up fine
Nicked cam journal - how bad is it?
Bajaj Pulsar 150 decelarating problems while riding
Is it possible for a 4.5Ah Li-ion battery to crank a 1000cc engine? If yes, how?
The first gear gets stuck
how many amps do a ignition coil draw?
MOT in UK, is there a tolerance time when the MOT is expired?
Clicks but doesn't turn over
why when my car's engine is warm it need long start for turning on?
Oil Treatment made Nissan Altima harder to use steering wheel
Check Engine and VSC lights Toyota
Where did the term horsepower originate?
2005 Kia Amanti will turn over perfectly but wont start every time!
CBR125R servicing and DIY checks intervals
Manifold vacuum vs performance
College Student Out-Of-State License and Registration
Where can I get a comprehensive list of GMLAN Symptom category codes?
Power Steering Failure on 2008 Ford Taurus
Honda 919 (CB 900F) idles low when cold
Why Tachometer shows idle RPM range instantly when closing the throttle and clutching
Fault find blown cigarette lighter fuse
How Carburetor/FI will handle fuel supply in high inclination angle
Why do the headlights of supercars looking flashing on video
Can I use a rear rotor from another GM vehicle on my 2006 Cadillac dts
Does it make sense to clean pressure solenoid when changing transmission fluid?
Did I toast my caliper?
Can your tire receive a thumb-sized hole without you noticing?
Car shakes when braking: warped rotors or alignment?
Resonant humming noise at 118km/h
Coolant temperature in truck does not get to operating temp
Which rpm´s should i run my Turbo Diesel at?
OBD or CAN - what's mandatory (EU and US)
Electrical problem with my 125cc. motorcycle
Remote fuse switch
Why did they add angles to torquing
Steel for crankshaft's / camshaft's woodruff key
How to apply exact force to a parking brake peddle
Car won't start, humming noise at the back of car
Different tread depths on 2wd?
Why have to concentrate on exhaust gas instead of inlet mixture in Indian Bikes for emission control
Minor oil leak and very little white smoke
Rattle at some point of clutch engagment when the pedal is coming up
Window motor replacement 2001 Subaru Outback
How I can tell if my engine was damaged, due to oil spurting out from a damaged oil filter?
How does condensed water get sent out of an exhaust system?
Antipollution Fault on a C4 petrol
cvt transmission
What technical challenges prevent deployment of pure active suspensions?
Would it be okay to top up manual transmission fluid (GearOil) when engine is hot
How to deal with this type of nut
What's the starter current for an old 3-cylinder diesel tractor?
350z limp mode and low oil
Engine ID, transmission swap compatibility?
I put transmission fluid in my engine; what to do about it?
2004 honda pilot fuel vent problem...can-not-fill-gas-into-tank
A/C working but engine overheating
How to determine component causing overheating?
What is the name of this part? (motorcycle)
On a starter motor what is TH?
I have a 2008 Mazda 3, and it's not blowing cold air
My Touran VW 2011 Key Fob has gone crazy
Car audio settings battery backup
How dangerous is a tire with a cut in the sidewall (filled with nitrogen)?
ABS noise and pulsation in brake pedal while braking
Will fitting a physically bigger battery reduce the working life of the alternator?
2005 VW Jetta TDI 1.9L Engine Noise
Pros and cons of increasing car clearance
Starting problem when it`s cold
What is the reason for hardwiring ground wires for cooling fan and a/c compressor?
Downsides to replacing only two tires on FWD car?
Reversed with handbreak on and manual transmission - how to diagnose problems if they arise?
Surface rust on chassis - body shop or mechanic?
What are "normal" battery recharge needs for modern cars?
Broken sway bar link
Replace brake pads on motorcycle open brake fluid lid or not
How can I confirm if my (petrol) car's engine oil was actually changed?
What causes some herk and jerk while braking?
Humming/Vibrating Noise When Accelerating
Lexus IS F Curb Damage On Tire. Do I Need To Replace? HELP
wont pass 2000 rpm
What is this part in a motorcycle steering called and what is its purpose?
Finding an elusive parasitic draw......?
1998 Mercedes ML320 - Too many keys?
Stripped out head for rocker arm bolt
Could a stuck EGR cause better gas mileage?
Installing rear fog lights
Have I damaged my car by driving with handbrake, do I need to take to a garage or should I ignore for now?
Do I risk damaging the valve seat if I lap this valve without removing carbon build-up?
Emptying motorbike master cylinder
2004 Dodge Ram 1500 HEMI
What would cause a solid turn signal indicator?
What is a spark plug terminal nut?
Why don't most cars have a feature to keep the engine running with the doors locked?
Car won't start. No noise. All electrical seems to work fine.
Trailer AFC converter turn signals blink together
Will my exhaust pipe melt nearby plastic or PVC?
Mazda 3 2012 start up problems and violent shaking. Please help
clunking noise over bumps from rear right 1997 ford ranger 3.0 liter 5 speed manual transmission
2006 Chev Cobalt Wont go forward
Why is my van overheating only at high speeds and cools down if heat is cranked up?
Occasional engine break
VW POLO 6n1 1998 Battery Warning Light What it means?
I'm trying to figure out the date of this puch moped
How can I analyze my Acura TL's response to low octane gasoline?
AC doesnot cool when speeding more than 80km/h or 2800 rpms
Crank vs turn over vs start vs whatever
leaking coolant driver side half way back on engine in 2001 chevy blazer
car engine wont start and randomly turns off while driving
What is causing discoloration around door latch
How to troubleshoot Intermittent Battery Light Issue in 2003 Honda Civic?
How safe is it to advance spark timing?
2006 Sedona stopped running while driving, will not start now
Error Stabilization Control (ESC)/ ABS warning shown on my car dashboard
Squeaking when driving
How much kilometres it takes to fully set new hydraulic tappets after installing in royal enfield classic 350?
Can driving through puddles damage your vehicle?
How to measure speed of a car
Do I have to flash the computer after changing the transmission
Is there such thing as flushing coolant to often?
Headlights only working when indicating left
Sudden Random Misfire and Stalling RX300
Why aren't turbo-driven AC compressors more commonplace?
My vehicle fans turn on but no air flows through
How do I put new clips on my ford truck door to the interior door panel it tight?
On my Mazda 2 (2011 Black model) The door open light is staying on and will not lock
Could taking coolant through the intake filter realistically cause permanent inability to start?
Putting overhead interior light cover back on-08 Ford F150
Strange oil consumption in a 2010 Audi A4 2.0T Quattro
Do turbo-charged engines have stronger internals?
High idle on fuel injected motorcycle
Cracks in coolant expansion bottle
What is this container in the engine and should it be filled with water?
What are cam slide adjusters?
Best practice to tell if an interference engine has bent valves?
How can I tell if water got into my engine crankcase
Nissan Sentra vvl
How do I remove my license plate bolt?
Welding on car - damage to ECU, battery, alternator?
vibration/right side shaking when driving past 60 kph, but only when accelerating
Is it ok to put LED light for Hero Honda Splendor Head Light?
What should I do about the battery light?
2003 Ford Mustang 3.8l v6 oil pan removal
How to disassemble Pierburg electric fuel pump
Engine overheating for short period of time
Results surprising said lab reporter of emission testing on Toyota Qualis Diesel 4 wheeler on AVL DiTest MDS 205
Is this cylinder head junk?
My new Yamaha Mt07 has mixed tyres, is this wrong ?
Is putting the small sized Rear tire for bike increase the mileage?
Motorcycle won't start sometimes
Do these tyre cracks necessitate replacement?
C5 Emergency 2nd gear after gearbox oil change
Prius (2nd generation): 12v battery keeps dying
Using a Paint Thinkness Gauge to Detect Collision Damage
Windshield Wiper Transmission Linkage Bushings for 2002 Civic EX (1.7L L4)
Are Standards Cheaper Than Automatics (Average)
Transmission won't go into gear - Strange
Why doesn't my 2001 Tiburon have power after grounding the positive post momentarily?
Car won't come out of reverse gear unless rolling
OBD-II Mode and PIDs specifically used for Electric vehicles?
Car seat re-foaming
Damaged sidewall - is this safe or should i replace?
changing oil for the first time on Kawasaki ER6N and need advice?
How do I tell if I need a blower motor replacement or blower resistor?
Rear brake howls when leaving a stop light
Glove box on Kia Forte 2010 won't open. What are my options for opening it?
Gear of Car takes time to shift from 1st to 2nd gear
Power steering issues
How to replace the transmission temp sensor?
2008 Ford Focus 2.0 Zetec, wont rev higher then 4000 (redline 6.5), white smoke out the exhaust when petal is released
Clunking noise from dash of 2005 Ford Explorer
How can I re-attach rear muffler pipe to muffler body
This valve is pitted - what options do I have?
How can I determine if a 2015 Nissan Leaf can be monitored/controlled via an app?
Does a Nissan Leaf necessarily have a 6.6kW capacity on-board charger if it has Quick Charge port?
Ignition coil overheating: what to blame?
2001 Ford Ranger 4.0 p0302 Mystery Misfire
Driving down hill in gear without throttle
Car rattles when someone seats or go out of the car
Motorcycle misfires
Saturn Vue 07' 3.5L 62,000 idle
Door panel removal
Does it matter what kind of coolant you use in your SUV?
Engine starts with carb cleaner
I read that pulsar 150 have 15 lite. Fuel capacity....but I filled the tank it takes 18 lite...is this possible
Estimated labor hours for transmission replacement
Drive in reserve for greater mileage
tire burst AFTER overloading
Showing Oil Pressure When Engine Cold and Not Running
High/low beam on motorcycle auxiliary LED lights
Lexus RX 330 Key Won't Work (driver door)
500 hp from a naturally-aspirated Honda K-24?
Lack of power when cold under load
Hood Unlatches but Won't Pop Up
How to reset the oil life percentage in my Honda car
Help me diagnose the cause of this intake valve burn
How does this timing belt look like
Is this valve toast or could I possibly salvage it without tearing into the engine?
Gearbox whining in 5th gear
Subaru Impreza 2012: circuit is good, bulb tests good, but won't light
Can carbon buildup on a valve seat cause idle surging?
Washers under head bolts: Should I use them under stud nuts?
Can wrong size tire on both sides damage the differential
Transfer case is leaking, is it easy to fix myself?
Troubleshooting: Startup/Ignition
buying a new unused car parked in storage
How can I move my push-to-start car with the starter?
Carb adjustment on carb where L and H aren't marked
Non-destructive cost-efficient method for measuring state of rustedness of a vehicle
Dual hydraulic system
What is blow-by?
Same engine but different intake manifold design: which one should I use?
2010 ford focus NO START
1973 F100 360 FE 5.9L Stalls when put in gear
1983 22R Randomly started sounding like a chopped harley
Hooked jumper cables up wrong. Mechanic says car is unfixable
Less mileage and bumpy ride in VW polo after shocks and timing belt replacement
Would using a cooler plug help or even prevent this level of exhaust valve damage
Battery charging in enclosed space (garage)
Looking for engine replacement on a 2002 v6 4.3L Chevrolet Silverado
When can desulfation extend the life of a battery?
Installing a dashboard camera
How should a vehicle be stored if it won't be driven for a long time?
Will it harm an engine to use 10W oil when it calls for 5W?
2014 Ford Focus - won't start, lights, horn, radio, etc work, but engine won't turn over
Nitro R/C buggy starts then engine quits
New head unit in old Renault Clio (96)
VW 1.9 TDI after total engine and turbo repair burns oil
How to reset the transmission on 2010 pontiac g6
Kymco people 50 vacumn hose (s) diagram
Why is toe in and toe out required at all?
Mazda Axela Hatchback has slow pick-up
Subaru Forester power window stuck
Looking for Fuel Injectors for a Renault Clio Expression 1.5 cdi 2006 plate
What springs? Cargo Control/Lift
->Horrific squealing when car is first turned on?
Engine stumble w/AC on
Squealing Brakes (2012 Chevy Cruze RS)
2002 Camry Sludge issues
2004 Chevrolet Optra cooling fan
Lawn Motor Troubleshooting - No Spark?
Doing my own maintenance
Why won't my 2002 jeep liberty move when I hit the gas?
2004 Honda Oddessey won't change gears after starting
How does excessive undercutting of valves make an engine less streetable?
What is this PCV hose connector near the throttle body?
Why do LEDs go out on (boat) trailer tail-lights?
FM transmitter, aux-in adapter, or car deck for car audio? help please. :)
Bike feels like it's leaning constantly after dropping at standstill, associated steering issues
What could cause ABS on 1 wheel when braking at slow speed?
How would a car handle differently if it had independent brake controls, like a pedal bike?
High end supercharged LS2 will not accept throttle and is now missing on one bank
Is it norml for smoke to come out of exhaust?
My 2005 PT Cruiser battery
PLEASE HELP!!! Driving with emergency brake on
Hyundai Santro difficulty in cranking when engine is Hot
2004 Volvo S60 D5 diesel (Euro 3): clouds of black smoke
Why is towing a manual transmission car, in neutral, with the drive wheels on the ground, considered safe?
Metallic thud sound
How much oil should drain from a lawn tractor?
318 V8 oil pressure problem
99 nissan altima not starting, makes a buzzing noise but engine doesn't turn over
Should I be concerned about eccentric valve rotation?
Why does my gas engine sound like a diesel?
Is it safe to use a lugnut with a different outer shank diameter?
BMW 525i 2001 after maintenance makes whining sound, hesitates before moving
Clutch Peddle Pops Down When Barely Touched and Doesn't Return
CASE / CKP relearn without GM Tech II. 09 Chevy Malibu
Can wheel alignment and balancing affect brakes?
Why does "i" stand for petrol?
07 Nissan Xterra SE catalyst service code
Is it safe to get power from OBD 2 port for dash cam?
2017 Volt misfire during open loop
Car will not start while trying to jump start, just clicks
P0172 System Too Rich, while fuel consumption is too low
What other maintenance items are good to do if a transmission is dropped?
Why is my car pointer going slightly down and then, when accelerating from 2500rpm to 3000 rpm
What does "Most Japanese cars open sideways" mean?
electric windows, fuel gauge,temp gauge,speedometer,rpm gauge all stopped working
Engine halts when turning on AC
Will the dealer removing some minor paint marks/drips on the side of a car hurt?
IAT reporting below zero temp on MB w168
Can motorcycle engine be tilted by 90 degrees?
Seat belt / airbag light ON polo 2013
No kick start in bikes a problem?
The brake pedal goes to the floor
Motorcycle exhaust can size
2010 Ford Escape - Bent Schrader valve causing a leak?
99 grand jeep cherokee limited v8 4 wheel drive
My seat belt alarm/sounder no longer functions - 2004 Carolla
Can I use several car batteries to crank a big engine?
Jump start car battery
Can i fit a topcase on this motorcycle?
What kind of car is this
Engine died in Camry Altise
Lexus won't start
2006 Buick rendezvous rpm jump
Honda CBR150R Engine Oil Overfill
How is vehicle speed calculated?
Taillight Not Working Even with Bulb Replacement
P2118 Motor Current Range/Performance
Want to direct wire Sirius radio to delayed shutdown of car radio
My brake pads on one wheel only last a month or 2 each time I change them?
How long once I should change engine oil of my motorcycle
Raw Engine Noise
volvo c30 DMF or driveshaft bearing?
more wattage bulb in my pulsar 150cc 2016 model
Why do tow truck drivers never turn off their engines?
Upholstery Repair
High fuel consumption/1997 Toyota corolla
Thickness of aluminium on Alcoa type forged aluminium wheels.
Replacing bulb in heater unit on Peugeot 207
Woodburning stove / heater in a van
Power locks unlock only (2002 Toyota Rav4)
Oversize rod bearings question
Name of thin metal tube / bar running across front and right of early RAV4 engine compartment
Question about power mirror motor ( Dorman 924-5204) connector
Where are the lift points on a 99 Ford Ranger?
Do I need any special tools to replace a ball joint that appears to be able 'bolt on'?
Is this starter solenoid bad (video)?
What is wrong with my Overheating Civic? [Pictures]
I have an 03 Alero that won't start
My Honda Accord is overheating
foreign object in windshield vent -dangerous?
Brakes fully applied with a light pedal press
AC not working after disengaging the battery cables for my alarm keep blowing 5 amp fuses
Is it normal for motorcycles to switch off if they are not revved after several hours of being idle?
Why does my motorcycle cut out at random intervals?
Is a leaky exhaust system on my motorcycle a problem?
Is it OK to mix up used roller bearings and races?
Honda CRV 2000 Model Unusual sound when accelerating
Why is the throttle on my motorcycle jumpy?
Connect car amplifier and capacitor
Pending overheating related OBD codes disappear before becoming stored?
Steps to find the current firmware verison of Mercedes Command
Upgrade wheels on '02 Honda Accord
Can I replace just one valve cover gasket?
banging sound rear underneath of the car
Car won't start.
Turn signal strangeness, and not just a burnt out bulb. 02 Safari Van
Renault Master spare wheel - best place to keep it
Is a gas car as sensitive to terrain as an electric?
RTV gasket maker
truck vibrates even in park
What is this cable hanging down and should it be connected to anything?
Can exhaust smell like coolant without it being a blown head gasket?
What does it take to program a used ECU?
Delay in starting scooter due to loose brake connection
Honda CBR125R oil leak after service
Engine vibrations in neutral gear and RPM needle jumping (stopped after a few months)
1991 Chevy Astro - O2 Sensor and Low Compression
2001 buick century security system preventing car from starting
Spark timing advances as engine gets hot
66 mustang automatic (3 speed) adding fluid after removing pan gasket
1998 Grand Cherokee 4WD wheel hop
What are these advisory notice items - are they serious?
dipstick channel is blocked
How to tell if crankshaft sensor or Camshaft sensor is bad
Problem installing rivet nuts
What is this hose that is leaking yellow/amber fluid?
Do ignition coils on small motors (lawn mowers etc) determine timing?
Can a Battery Conductance Test tell the difference between damaged plates and sulfation?
Resolving rubber window seal damage
BMW F700GS has to be pushed for starting
Cannot control heating/air due to bad DVD! (Acura MDX)
How come I cannot find rear calipers for a 2013 Outlander Sport ES, manual transmission?
Chevy Cobalt engine replacement cost
How to convert Amp Hours to CCA?
Keep on shifting to N from D
Car sputtering when accelerating from a stop
Can low tire pressure cause the ABS warning light to come on?
Why did the old-school thermal flashers remain in use for so long?
Having to change the brake pads and rotors after 20k km
Rubbing sounds when making sharp turns after getting the brakes replaced
Jetta (Mk4) Body Repair
3 rings vs 4 rings pistons: which design is better?
oil leak over tappet cover of suzuki swift 92
More difficult to start the MotorCycle
Can a bad coolant temperature sensor or a bad wheel bearing hub cause my check transmission light to come on?
P1633 "KAM Power supply voltage too low"
Is there a risk of igniting the incoming charge with wasted spark systems?
spark plug connected to wrong cyllinder bmw 328i f30
Peugeot 206 suspected heater matrix leak
Cooling System and Overheating
Should I replace my bushings and brackets with my stabilizer links?
2004 Honda Civic with Puzzling Cooling System Issues
OBD II Scanner refuses to communicate with the vehicle!
jiffy lube oil change problems?
Subaru Legacy 91 idle issues
Removing head while maintaining timing chain tension & position
Can i replace R13 rim with R14 rim
Triangular/Parallel four-link suspension system, how it works
Downsides of running a motorcycle without a battery
Honda Nighthawk 250 oil does not rise to the cam lobes
My 2002 Ford Explorer XLT revs up when at a complete stop
Cold start on LPG, vaporizer freezing issues
Con rod fastener's washers: tabbed or spring washers?
Homemade 'Car' Vehical
Battery died and now car will not run
Rough/loud knocking and different noise when accelerated
Mystery Coolant Leak
What is surface charge and how does it affect battery testing?
Clean car and look like brand new
P2646 after Head Gasket Replacement....WRONG or NO OIL?
Lapping valves by hand - does the compound have to be cleaned off?
Holes on Carburetor
Non-blown blown head gasket
connecting led halo lights on 2006 accord
Rebuilding an engine: pistons installed, crank rotation "very" stiff
noise in my rear end when slowing down
Rear shock size
Voltage Regulator problems on a 2000 Plymouth Neon
Piston deck clearance: is 1.4 mm under deck too much?
Bolt SITTING in car after Head Gasket repair?? 2005 honda civic won't go above 4,000 rpm
Viability of replacing engine 1996 Volvo?
Mixing sea foam and gumout
Unsure what to repair first after 27 point inspection
Ford fiesta diesel brake pedal hard
Can OBD2 devices send car alarm to a smartphone app?
Stuck lifter; roller pin backing out
Pistons ordeal: more pistons problems; two issues in one question
2003 Mazda 6 power windows not worKing
Identify this part?
Object in center back of Volvo 850 engine compartment
Spark plugs problems with Honda Accord
Can anyone help me identify the source of this noise? The whining was there previously but the rattle appeared on the journey home tonight
Highlander Hybrid losing oil/coolant
engine speed rises but the vehicle lack power
Can I fit any model variant body kit on the same model?
Radio no longer works after short circuting the lighter
2011 Mazda 6, alarm sounding from little black box that sits under the dashboard
How to remove engine noise from audio player?
new stage 1 clutch slipping after upgrading mag size?
How do I change alternator pulley on 2001 Fiat Ducato?
Uploading a tuning file to my car
PTFE or standard high temp grease for a slip joint?
Why is the roll center of the car suspension designed lower than the car's cg?
What do hood scoops do to prevent water being ingested in to the air intake system?
temparature gauge does not read until driving car longer than 10 minutes
Block flatness tolerance?
Would my 2005 Focus's computer have a memory of past faults?
Brand new brake pads still squealing
2008 Mazda 3 engine cooling fan won't work
How serious if corrosion on the inner sill of a Ford Focus?
How do I remove a motorcycle clutch cable that has no adjustment nut?
Oil leak, weird engine noise, power steering cuts in and out [MX-5 Mk1 1997]
Brake pedal spongy after pad/rotor change and bleeding
2004 Mercury Marquis - check engine light flashes but never develops into misfire code
Tire pressure for Tesla S 90D with 19" wheels, front & rear engines and air suspension
Gas will not flow into tank
Shelf life of NOS fuel filter
Hands still smell like gasoline after multiple washings, it is safe to handle food?
honda accord mysterious starting problem
Is it recommended to leave fuel in the tank of a non-running motorcycle?
Ignition turning engine over when key is off
Battery at 13.7 volts disconnected, 14.7 with engine idle or revving, while various small intermittent problems suggest voltage is low?
Small gouge in edge of tire...
Jumpstarting a vehicle with no charge time
What would happen if you tried to start an engine with the cam gears meshed
Why don't valvetrains use an idler gear between the cam gears
Wrong type of transmission fluid used
2 Stroke 70CC Scooter Engine
Rim size for 215/55/R17 tire
Modify (cut) piston skirts: does it also cuts its lifespan?
Grinding sound comming from gear Box
Light abrasion on the valve stems - is the outlook gloomy?
Recommend Engine Oil grade for 250cc Oil Cooled Motorcycle Engine
Why do race cars need suspension?
Where do I store spare tire?
Are portal axels the best option to maximize clearance?
2201 Ford Ranger - Remove bolts when painting in new bedliner?
My 2002 Chevy Impala
Fixing vs replacing a radiator?
What is the first point of failure on an engine?
Need Help Identifying Broken Suspension Part - 1995 Chevy Lumina
How to insert plastic ring bushing
2000 Suzuki 1500 Intruder problems switching to N
Can a car operate without a catalytic converter?
Alignment Measurements after hitting a curb
What causes a vehicle to catch on fire?
Kia Sorrento 2006 making vibration on gear change
Wheel alignment based on different vehicle model
What would cause a drive shaft to snap in half?
Swapping fully-synthetic manual transmission fluid for semi-synthetic
Drain coolant as much as possible through radiator drain valve?
Over filled oil, drained excessive oil. But now has lost power and sputters. How to fix?
GM power steering fluid -- what kind do I need?
What to do about this rust on trailer wheel, suspension and part of axle?
Currently available cars (under $35K) with adaptive cruise-control and lane centering?
Whirring Sound in the Engine Bay
While riding bike , Pressing clutch turn off the motorcycle
How to replace center (third) break/stop lamp/bulb in Ford Galaxy 2009
Jump starting leads
2004 Tahoe: Oil and Coolant Dissapearing
What is the most important factor when considering tire size?
2011 Forte lurching when accelerating
On rebuilding an engine: can anyone define "free spinning the crankshaft"?
Hum from Opel Corsa GplTech when throttling
Why is it dangerous to use tire plugs on long, straight cuts?
What happens when I fill diesel in a petrol car?
How long time do I need to run the engine to charge the same amount of power that the starter took
2010 Chevy Traverse Head Lamp replacement
Oil may have been slightly contaminated on last change ... change again?
Weed Wacker Not Running Properly
Is the ABS going to make problems because of the different tire height between the front and the rear?
Why don't cars use kerosene (and engines optimized for kerosene)?
1998 saab 900 2.0turbo automatic
Suddenly one tire flat (Opel Corsa 2004)
How do I program a new key for 2000 Mercedes-Benz c230 kompressor?
Tire side wall damage from curb
Vw lupo 2002 1.4 . Raking gear noise when in neutral
How do I remove a tachometer cable from a motorcycle engine?
Peugeot 307 2006 model 35000 miles on the clock
Do my brakes really need to be replaced due to rust?
Frequency of timing belt change on Volkswagen Golf
Radiator Fan On to Off Ratios by Temperature and Humidity
Toyota Ractis 1.5 cvt
Should I flush coolant after using UV dye in coolant system?
2010 Ford Fusion CARB certification
Is the use of the Vehicle Descriptor Section of ISO 3779 Standard VIN Numbers public information?
1994 Volvo 850 GL randomly stopping
Connecting rod bearing torque specs 2003 Ford Mustang
Jeep Grand Cherokee 1996 limited model - lack of power while sudden accelerating
How can you prevent the frame and undercarriage on your car from rusting?
Expansion tank overflow without cap
Oil Leaking after Oil Change...Seems Shady
How do I work on vehicle start issues without killing the battery?
1995 Chevy Lumina - Would Dashboard Gauge Respond if the ECT Is Faulty?
Black water from exhaust, cylinder misfire and rought idle
Why are engines mounted so that torque goes sideways?
Why is it still overheating
Help identifying this
Bypassing bad diodes on failing alternator
Why do the RPMs drop when the car stops at red lights, stop signs, and give way signs?
How is a variable displacement A/C compressor controlled
How to unscrew my bolts to replace brake discs on Toyota Yaris?
Skoda Fabia 2005: what I need to know to buy a diagnostics machine?
Can an 18V-5W Solar Panel Provide an Equalizing Charge for a Battery?
Trailer Hitch Limits on 2007 PT Cruiser
Determining root cause for cracked BMW coolant reservoir?
How much electricity / Power does it take to keep a car running?
What, if any, kind of mesh can I place over my cabin ventilation intake duct?
Replace headlight mode selector
Where is the fob receiver located in the 2005 Mazda 3?
Royal Enfield Classic 350: Dislocating Carburetor Clamp
Motorcycle Alternator Output Capacity
Conflicting statements RE Towing Capacity in Owner's Manual - How much can I tow?
Suzuki sv650s will not start, no lights, no fuel pump, nothing
Should I stop shifting out of gear without the clutch?
What's wrong with diesel on alternator
Connecting rod bearing
New Tires, car shaking/bouncing at high speeds
Why does my Honda Activa handle vibrate a lot at low speed?
How to determine scooter wiring polarity without tools?
How can I flat tow a 2003 manual Jetta 5 speed?
2014 Hyundai Tucson engine seized
Reservoir tank is overflowing on my 2000 Pontiac Grand Am
Car will not start after short sitting period
How to repair a crack that is inside a windshield
98 Honda Civic Overheating
Is horsepower determined by the pressure in the combustion chamber?
2000 Pontiac Grand Prix Idles at a higher temp than normal
What actually affects engine compression ratios?
Why is my cars acceleration not working properly?
How to use acetone vapour to clear headlights?
2003 Honda Civic hybrid overheating issue
Captiva problem
Power steering squeeling
Adapting transmission half axles: best way to?
When I slow down at an intersection or lights, my engine light comes in
Why do cars accelerate when the clutch is in the friction zone?
How do I find the width of a car?
Is it worth it to cover windshield stone chips with transparent tape when waiting for repair?
Is repair of stone chips on heated windshield possible?
Sidewall of tire repair not leaking or deflating
Cluttering sound during braking and turning at low speeds when ABS is active
May the suspension become harder with the time? How to tell if it is broken if it is not soft enough?
Engine overheating and radiator releasing water. What is the issue?
How to fix/replace shifter button?
RPM Flucating when ac is on
Anti-seize type and location to use for brakes
When does a towed trailer need brakes?
Cig lighter blown fuse
Engine Oil Grade All New Honda CBR 150R
High O2 voltage paired with high LTFT reading
AC slow leak - accumulator 1 year old replace or keep using to find leak?
Does free revving diesel engine near redline for 2-3 seconds harm it
How to make a motorcycle reflector shine again?
Does a lean misfire smell like unburnt fuel?
Starter solenoid breakdown
2009 Honda Pilot 4WD
Could heat from a dryer vent damage the paint of a car?
Riding mower goes backwards when I press the gas
CAN bus motorcycle problem. Very weird!
What rims are these?
What is this tube coming off from 1 of 2 motorcycle carburettors?
Diagnosing Electrical Problems
Addtional LED lightstrips for cars
Two-stroke vs four-stroke design
Why can't I get my thermostat housing to seal?
Paint of the door is peeling right after paint repair?
I went to start my car and nothing happened and no sound
2001 Toyota Tacoma collects rain water in bed
Caliper missing one boot
What is the coolant fluid used in a 2015 BMW X 5–5.0i turbo coolant reservoir?
Necessary tools or caveats for working on R12 AC
broken serpentine belt, 2007 Chevy Cobalt
2005 Suburban rear passenger window drops about 6 inches.
Reverse engineer a scan tool to display what commands it sends
I doubt Car AC problem in my Volkswagen Polo
Where's the temperature sensor on Skoda Fabia 2005?
Tire bulge: Should I replace all four or just the one?
24V truck charging circuit problem
If my starter is spinning but not engaging flywheel, what is the issue?
Does no CEL after lugging engine indicate bad knock sensors?
Where does the power in an idling engine go?
Can changing from R to D at slow speed in new types of automatic-like transmissions cause maintenance problems?
New steering rack feels like it reaches lock faster - turning circle decreased
Does shifting conventional automatic to N at standstill decrease fuel consumption and improve torque converter lifetime?
Is it possible to use bicycle chain oil for a car?
Transmission or not?
Should I clearcoat my headlights after sanding and polishing them?
Checking engine head for flatness: what clearance generally, in mm?
2009 Ford Edge - Loss of power only from 45 - 55 MPH
New Serpentine Belt Installed, Still A Squeal
Ecu problem on my 1997 toyota corolla
Starter or battery? -- Why wouldn't my car start?
Should anti seize lubricant be used on the wheel lug studs when rotating tires?
07 honda fit stereo anti theft reset. Where is the 7?
Towing AWD Subaru 2010 Outback with auto/manual transmission
Should I do combustion gas test in radiator or reservoir neck?
Do I need to use Genuine Honda Coolant?
Broke down from lack of oil after 2 weeks since service
Fuel pump fuse location
Rough Idle & Stall While Stopped
Broken catalytic converter 7 engine damage
BS4 Royal Enfield Classic 350CC stops all of a sudden though the fuel is set to ON and tank is filled with at least with 7 ltrs
Kawasaki Z750S weird electrical problem when starting, any idea what could be the problem ?
Golf randomly cuts out while driving, won't restart
Are there replacement RF keys?
L100 John deere engine 17hp replace with 21hp?
High idle when put in forward gear
Fuel pressure regulator location?
RPMs are high on kia rio
2016 Audi — Audit trail for Central Locking?
What is the difference between JASO MB and JASO MA and JASO MA2
Do I need to drain engine oil as per manufacuters recommended kms
Strange case of low-speed squeaking / grinding noises after new tires / alignment
How does fuel stabilizer work chemically?
Is this chemical residue on the car surface? If so, how do I repair this?
Washer pump not engaging for front wipers (possible inverter problem)
A/C hose blowout while charging new system, do I need to add more oil?
73 F100 ignition
The Mystery of the Misfiring MINI
Engine oil as transmission oil
Two wheeler front suspension
Why choose either recirculated or dump to atmo blow off valve?
Is it safe to drive with broken wheel lug nut.?
Would a camshift position sensor cause my symptoms?
Oil sump for 2 stroke vehicles
BMW 320i / e36 / M50 overheating
Xterra goes limp, dashboard goes dark at random
What is this knocking noise in my 2002 Corolla?
How to remove "concave" hex oil drain plug?
Diesel engine on LPG
What fuse in the 2001 Holden Barina XC controls the reverse lights?
Audi A3 (2001) battery not charging
Wsed suzuki car problems
How can I tell whether the windshield and side windows are UV protecting?
Mazda CX9 : Temporarily remove all parking brake HW
Is there clearance for the valves to go, in case of busted belt on a C4 1.4 V16 2005
Which Toyota and Honda models have emergency brake in between driver and passenger?
Are these center caps on Audi wheels exchangable?
What can I do to get the oil pump to work?
Hard Brake Pedal
Is there a difference between a cylinder compression gauge and an oil pressure gauge?
Ford full sized Bronco front and rear rack diner idea?
Problem with clear coating headlights
Nissan Almera 2005 Parking lights and Dash light stop working
Sand like residue inside my engine bay area. Could it have been flooded........?
clear fluid leaking from 2001 Rav 4
Jeep Rubicon sport 2007 3.7 won't go into gear
What exactly is key programming?
Where is a fuel filter located on Astra H (2008) Z18XER gasoline injector?
My car is sipping too much fuel
Safe voltages for jump starting
Oil spray on windshield, running rough, and smoking
Starting problems, could it be something other than the battery or alternator in this case?
I have a Mariner 5 HP outboard. I need info please?
My battery was hooked up backwards
New breaks sliding\gliding?
Ford Probe '95, 2.0l, 85kw starting problems
is primary drive ratio included within the gear ratio specs?
Hyundai Santa Fe not turning over
New pads and rotors, left side squeaks when turning right
VW Golf 6 2010 error code P2455
Rough start with sputtering and strong exhaust odor
Mower runs for a bit then smokes, sputters and dies
2001 5 speed VW Jetta shutting off shifting to third
Change tyre size on mk1 Ford Ka
O2 sensor high voltage
Why does my motorcycle's performance decrease?
I ran my car on almost no oil for a few weeks before realizing the problem. Now what?
Unable to shift at high RPM on a motorcycle sequential gearbox
Tyres with a lower ply rating as replacements on trailer?
Audible clicking at high speeds - what could it be?
Jeep Cherokee Torque/Reaction arm
Why are my brakes spongy but nothing is leaking and the level is fine?
2002 Nissan Quest breaking down
What is "non-hardening thread locker"?
honda shine 2014 model-Battery getting dry within a week
A 2009 Hyundai accent that has a new starter and will turn over but won't start would be because of what?
2003 Chevy Tahoe Service Brake Light appears periodically
my 2008 ford mondeo will not start at times, any suggestions?
Overheating with bubbles when parked
VXR Issue (Won't accelerate)
Help - camper van electrics
AC compressor not staying engaged
Would the GM extended-range electric VOLTEC system be practical in a truck or SUV?
Socket stuck on lug nut stuck on wheel
Engine/model information for lawnmower
How should I modify a car to live in it? How risky are used cars?
What did I break and what do I need to replace?
Knocking in a 1970 Dauntless V6
Transmission oil quantity
Noisy Hub - Does the EVP cover it?
2008 Ford Focus Starting Problem
What is the term use for these motorbikes?
Toyota Conquest 2e
How car parts codes works?
Number of times you should refill and drain your cooling system to get pure water?
Why do automakers use "Blue" to refer to eco features?
Draining cooling system & Distilled Water
Is it okay to add straight anti freeze to an engine?
2002 Chevy Tahoe rear brake issue
Frequent vibration at highway speed
Calculate boost from MAP Sensor via OBD-II
High pitched noise from engine bay at high RPM
Projector Headlights very Dim
Burned valve Ford Focus 1.6 16v (2010)
Maxima 02 gear stuck in neutral
When braking I hear/feel a clunk at 40km/hr
Loosing Engine Power Mid to High RPM
Motorcycle pulls to the left, possible accident damage?
Hit a curb, took a chunk out of the tire. Replacement?
Is a car dealer required to offer an extended warrantee?
What is the average fuel economy of a 100 cc bike if I ride above 50 km/h?
Starter was recently replaced but my truck keeps not starting
Truck will not move forward in drive
Tahoe Won't Start - Video
Problem with float height on a Honda CB400T
Peugeot 308 Anti Pollution and engine rev drop with odd sounds (video)
How to setup an emergency brake warning system?
Two different coolants in my radiator
AC Recharge Failed / Broke Compressor?
What do I do after adding extra oil/gas mixture into the car, which now won't start?
Is 15V too high for a standard car battery?
Oil Change Frequency
What is my cars problem?
Can I use this coolant in a Toyota Camry 2003 with water?
How do I resolve acceleration issues with my Mahindra Bolero?
1600cc VW Aircooled Engine Backfires with no power when hot
Paint inside of brake rotors?
Antilock braking system
Power Steering Fluid Leaking from some kind of ECU controlled actuator
How much movement is normal in sealed brake master cylinder?
Car loses all electrical power, then suddenly comes back after a few minutes
Over full oil on a road trip
Speakers in the back not working anymore. Config or Hardware error?
Engine shutting down during LPG conversion
Super weird Yaris 2003 A/C problem
Toyota stalls when AC is turned on
How can I remove black scuff marks from paint work?
can a car be painted in a small area where there are some scratched? or we have to paint the whole side
What kind of DC/AC motors can be used to run a small electrical car?
CD Player Makes Sound, Doesn't Play CD's
Hood Only Opens When Pulled Up On
10 bolt to 14 bolt semi-float 6 lug swap - C1500
Open source OBD II scanner hardware without ELM or STN
AC Recharge Failure - What did I do wrong?
Am I being misled
New AC compressor - steps before turning it on?
New Water Pump Hard to Turn
rock groove on brake rotor OK?
Honda Dirt Bike cr70r not accelerating well
1997 Isuzu Rodeo AC condenser fan turns off after it heats up
Brake fluid Differences
Does a dual-clutch transmission require synchronizer cones?
Is there a type of product or chemical I can use to flush out a motorcycle engine block and gear box?
How can pit crews remove wheels so fast?
Need help fast with my truck please
How can I change the bulb in my 97 Subaru Legacy shifter?
Please help idk if transmission, sensor or something else
DipStick shows upper limit even before recommended amount of oil is poured
Plastic damage from throttle body/carb cleaner
OVERHEATING SILVERADO WHILE TOWING
Why doesn't the brake caliper piston retract when brakes released?
What fuel type is more explosive?
Toyota Yaris 2010 A/c problem
Stuck in d3..please help
Very Strange Starting?/Electrical Issue
Why don't rubber tires burn due to friction heat when the vehicle is moving
Volvo S40 2008 damaged driver side mirror
Mazda3 - Slight vibrations, noises and rocking
Can lowering springs make the car handle worse?
Yb50qt-5 choking out
Does the themostat have anything with the A/C working then not working
Low beam is a lot brighter than high beam, why?
Unexplained Low LTFT on my Mazda cx7 2.3 turbocharged
Can I program a new key for my Toyota Corolla 2013?
Installing a lower strut brace: What will happen when I remove the bolts connecting the control arms?
Is there a way to invalidate "old" keys on a Toyota Corolla 2013?
What is differences between supercharge and turbocharge?
Excessive camber on the left front wheel?
Coolant loss through overflow tank for 1997 Volvo V90 wagon
Planning to replace hid bulb to led H1 connector
What causes a coolant leak to happen and then suddenly go away on it's own?
Tire Pressure Sensor Replacement Doesn't Register
my subaru's getting no injection signal from ecu
coolant in oil of 2008 Pontiac G-6
Second opinion : Bad starter?
Can overfilling a gas tank damage a fuel pump?
Is it safe if I forgot to put the handbrake on when I turn off the car?
Adjusting excessive camber by bending the rotor assembly?
How to keep jump starter fully charged
Trying to identify a vehicle, post-war
Cut on my car's tyre
Strange noise when putting automatic transmission on "Drive" or "Reverse"
My 2005 mazda 3 has power sometimes, runs great, then another ill start it and it has no power it just doesnt wanna go. Gas to the floor and all
Vehicle Stalls at lights and going up hills
1996 Chevy G10 Van - Coolant Leak, No Overheating
What kind of trailer hitch do i need for my Econoline 250 Extended
Camry 2004 , Engine Cranking but not starting!
Why is it difficult to replace a wheel speed sensor?
What happens if I add 2 liter of stale gasoline to my car's gas tank?
2002 Honda Odyssey weak A/C, refrigerant full
"Revenge of the Tree" - A plastic insurance policy?
Dirt bike kickstart question
Screeching noise when the wheels are rolling
Why has my 02 Forester lost power?
P0017 after oil change
Did I blow my engine with too much oil?
What is the stick shift called in an automatic?
Tool for stubborn CV axle
How to mount a 2x4 to a cargo van wall without drilling?
AC only works when low on refrigerant - Stumped
2006 Honda Civic Won't Start - Green Key Symbol
Why did a failed jumpstart work?
Engine is slightly more noisy after rear seal replacement
Dead battery after trickle charge stopped working
Does the cabin air filter protect anything other than my lungs?
Does H1 LED Bulb Fit in to existing H1 HID Bulb Projector?
Truck burning through a lot of gas
Reverse gear and marble noise
Civic smells of burnt plastic and smokes a little twice a day
Oil light flashes after changing to synthetic motor oil
Side Mirror Hits Cover
Fiat Uno 1.0 cylinder head valves
E39 key chip not recognized with another key
Do I need a new battery or a starter?
A/C works but doesn't blow out front dash vents
02 FORESTER VOLTAGE
White smoke from tail pipe and loss of power when accelerating
Is a custom-made grate on an exhaust pipe a bad idea?
Dipstick markings still correct after sump modification?
Using vegetable oil to flush engine of gunk
What does the hybrid engine do with surplus energy?
Rain sensing wipers not clearing often enough
Oil in coolant recovery tank, how urgent is it?
Yamaha R6 engine stalling when downshifting
Is it time for a new steering rack?
What is this thing that is falling off under my car
2004 Jeep Sahara battery problems
Tyre pressure ratio
2016 ford explorer signature LED headlight issues
What breakpad height for 256mm disc
No A/C when car is stopped???
Very slow acceleration with RPMs hitting 4-5
How does a push-to-start system "know" when to disengage the starter motor?
Clutch problems
Timing issues in a MK 3 Volkswagen golf
VE Calais satellite navigation option
Affordable-ish but not-too-cheap-looking rust repair for wheel arches?
Can driving in drive 2 damage my car
Maintenance Light Reset on Toyota 2015 Highlander
Fuel filler neck has 1 broken pipe of 3. What is its purpose?
Tire crack, requires replacing or not?
Misfire in cyl 7 on 2007 Suburban 1500 4x4 with 5.3 L flex fuel LTZ
Loctite vs anti-sieze
Toyota 4runner Automatic - Stalls when shifting from 2nd to 1st in hot weather
Grinding feeling on newish motorcycle brakes and rotors
What size socket to use on a 2002 ford explorer 4.6L V8 engine
Why doesn't my A/C blower motor have speeds anymore?
Clicking and turn signal blinking after disconnecting battery
Leak in boot around (steering) arm on passenger side a big threat?
Why does my car have cold AC at idle, but intermittent on the highway?
Engine overheating
What is the most typical location of slow leak in the AC system?
Car lost all power, garage cant fix it, spark plug / coil pack replacement?
Avenger 220 - pickup become Unusual After 10000 km
Replacing only one strut increase wear?
Why is my car making a knocking noise?
How to patch holes in the van floor?
Does my tire need replacing?
Jump starter cable wiring
Adjusting the timing of a distributorless Toyota 4E-FE engine
Subaru Blitzen overheating but heater blows cold air
Pencil Coil Operation
Strange metallic stickers on rims after repair shop visit
Rubber ring near sway bar bushing
98 Chevy Malibu 2.4 liter has fuel and fire but will not start
How to fix a shallow bump dent?
Why does my brake pedal rise up when I turn off the car?
Unexpected CV joint disassembly - want to verify fix
Honda CBR 150R won't start after leaving idle for a day?
Fuel meter strange behaviour
why Buick Park Avenue blowing hot air on drivers side?
Can I fill my gas tank with E30 without any problems?
Temp Gauge reads car overheating....engine temp. is fine
What could be causing a grinding noise when car accelerates quickly?
6-speed automatic transmission w/ OD lock-up torque converter Fluid requirements?
How rubber bushes works in parts like swing arms or wishbones?
Windshield wiper fluid in a temperate climate
92 honda accord overheating
Keeping car in hand break or gear after it has been out on a rainy day?
2008 VW Jetta AC blower/Wiper fluid/12v charger working intermittently
Vent Valve (Solenoid) leak and fuel consumption
1982 chevrolet p-30 southwind 31 foot motorhome replace airlift airbags inside the coil springs on front
Rough Idle Only When in Drive with AC On
What is the thread and size of a Chevy Malibu 2009 Hybrid with ATC blower module retaining bolt size?
**strong burnt rubber odor** coming from the passenger side REAR tire area
What is the difference between depressing the clutch and keeping the gear in neutral?
When engine is running but car is not moving, then is Power consumed from engine or battery?
What size tee fitting do I need for temporary tank?
Do I need to align my tires after replacing the struts?
How mainfold heat affects carburettor's performance?
In general, are there signficant differences between OEM and non-OEM brake parts?
Mazda 3 (2008) coolant leak, only when starting the engine
Best lubricant for trailer hinges
Engine oil change interval difference
When running a pump off your car battery, does it matter of the car is running or not?
Brake Bleed Sequence for Chevrolet Suburban 2015
What is this left pulling on my car
Why did my smog check cost so much?
How can I repair clicking sound when you try to turn the key?
I have a 2000 BMW 540i. I have been getting "check coolant level" from the computer recently.
Engine seize after water pump repair
Parking 2 wheelers on side stand
Tail lights, brake lights, and plate lights out
Am I wasting my time priming the filter after an oil change?
Temperature gauge is at 3/4 mark
having to refill the radiator everyday
2000 Chevy Silverado brake issues
Rain-x, windscreen washer fluid, and freezing temperatures
My 2006 Pontiac torrent main fuse box caught fire ..
Sticky front brake
What's the lowest voltage I should accept on a brand new 12 volt AGM motorcycle battery
2002 Sub Forester S 2.5 AT Huge power loss going up hills
Driver's side front wheel placement
Alternator going bad twice after five months
Unknown radiator plumbing leak
Audio System Noise-supercharger whine
Replace discontinued evap line?
Coolant temperature sign is gone and fan is running!
2005 Saturn Ion running rough after running for 30 minutes
How is fuel pressure maintained when the pump isn't running?
The clutch keeps going out in my truck
oil in coolant reservoir ... urgent ... Peugeot 206 Xri ... 2006
Possible coil pack issue. Cause?
Oscillating - Noise after accident (front left)
Optimal clutch engagement speed at wide open throttle
2.5 AT Forester Power loss
Is it normal to hear noise from brakes when turning the steering wheel at standstill?
How to replace the door lock relay on Honda CRV 2005
2008 Honda Lead SCV 100 Running Issues
2008 Honda civic ex remote locks on same fuse as radio?
Can a rear end collision cause damage to the brakes?
Is hot desert weather the source of my recurring car problem?
Chainsaw part ID
Clutch pedal became "springy" after installing new clutch
Mazda 3 Gear Shift and Gear Indicator
Realistc V8 fuel consumption and values displayed on vehicle instruments
How to remove coolant hose from T piece
p0123 - replaced TPS but still dies while driving
1988 F150 INLINE SIX no dash or interior lights,brake and tail lights are now inop
New car AWD tire replacement
4L60E small RPM flash during 2-3 upshift
Reasons for complete brake failure in 1996 Subaru
On my 2017 Honda HRV, a blue thermometer light on the dashboard is always on in the morning indicating that the coolant temperature is cold
Which 4 wheel drive to use to pull boat out of harbor?
Is a positive multimeter measurement at the blower motor power connector sufficient to diagnose a failed blower?
2006 katana 750 help
07 Escalade - Unknown sensor
Convert kick-start motorcycle to electric
07 Escalade - Adjust pulley alignment?
Are there any cars where the blower motor is controlled by switched mode power supply?
Anti-glare filters on factory installed dashboard instrumentation
Tires and warranty
2001 f150 excessive spindle, bearing(inner and outer) and rotor wear
07 Camry Engine slow RPM and excessive fuel consumption reading
Importance of centre bore in hubcentric wheel mount design?
Is the Calibration Verification Number (CVN) unique
Car Idling High, but with no apparent vacuum leaks
Where is my Bosal Oris detachable Tow bar hidden in my Mercedes ml500 2005?
1994 GMC 6.5 Turbo Diesel
ford focus cmax
How often I need to change the motor oil of the Honda Fit 2008?
Horn activated itself with engine off / passenger ac hot
how can i replace the front airlift air bags on my 1982 chevrolet p30 chassis ,
Battery Voltage low when car is running. Should I be concerned?
How do you fix spray paint marks on car hood?
Honda Civic won't start after sitting in the sun, but fine if parked in the shade
How to assess the severity of a cut on a tyre sidewall
Can a engine become scorched with out ever running hot or overheating?
I'm going to replace my manual transmission. What else should I replace at the same time?
05 Civic losing power shortly after take off every time I start the car when warm.
Lot of oil in radiator
When clutch full disengaged and engine on high revs, feeling of friction in clutch
Is it possible to just change the crankshaft and bearing and 1 connecting rod with out changing the heads on the vehicle
Reverse not working, tranny noisy
Car don't start without jumping it
Why do most performance cars have longitudinal engines?
What could cause these noises coming from the front of my vehicle?
Replacing vehicle springs with magnets
Which is better in terms of Fuel Efficiency/Maintenance? 4 speed AT or CVT?
Re-attach roof rack rails
I just bought a old 96 saturn and it has black oil
What to do with aftermarket radiator as far as installing engine coolant sensor
charging system/ 1996 Jeep
motor barely turns over and melts ground wire,
Will putting a 5x115 lug pattern wheel on 5x114.3 fit?
My wind shield wiper is not working
Identifying make/model from impact damage?
Why are there differences in 2 Smog Check VIRs?
Is a +/- 10-15 rpm idle fluctuation normal?
Why won't the engine start after replaced top gasket?
Realised tyre was leaking air within 30 hours of buying the car. Should the dealer fix it for free?
Left oil filter o-ring behind during an oil change
tempreture light flashing on audi a4(B5) 2000 model 2.4i
Strange Automatic Transmission Issue
Car just clicks when starting, and turns off while running
Illusive evap code - Hard to find the issue
Procedure for throttle body and idle air control replacement (ford ranger)
Why is my 2012 Impala still shaking after I got a tune up?
Is it that the engine seized?
How long does it take to build oil pressure
What proportion of the motor oil comes out when just removing filter?
2008 Malibu LTZ ECT sensor location
Keeping a motorcycle battery charged using a nearby car?
ford taurus 2010 sel. lights flashing
Honda civic 1997
Weird AT gearbox behavior on Volvo S40
2006 Hyundai Sonata GLS emissions fail
Why does my clutch pedal squeak
A/C Sealant Risks?
Will an oil extractor also drain the oil in the oil filter?
2008 Chevy cobalt starting problems
Headlight one low one high beam
Is there any way to muffle the engine braking noise from trucks?
How can I rev a "drive by wire" car from under the hood?
Help! Too much pressure in cooling system
Possible causes of rotational axle play and rattling
Bleeding Fuel System A4 2.0 TDI
If engine doesn't seem to consume any oil, how often should I check the level?
Problems when I'm driving lack of power
Leaking A/C Valve 06 Honda Civic Mark 8
Is it safe to drive this car (pics; broken shock; negative camber)
Burning smell after stalling in hill start
Steering wheel controls with non-iPod audio player in Nissan Sentra 2012
Should the EGR be activated at idle?
How does turning a single bolt 45 degrees and then another 15 degrees differ from turning it 60 degrees?
What will happen if the knock sensor fails?
Positive crankcase pressure in Astra H 2008 Z14XEP
My brakes get really hard when its hot out side
Motorcycle low top speed
horn fuse blows after charging the battery
Tire sidewall advice
Vehicle shakes when accelerating
2017 Golf - Remove rear external door handle
What's the best way to re-paint only a corner section of a bumper?
Excessive Coolant Expansion: Part 3
2003 Mitsubishi Galant won't start?
Why do newer cars use fuses smaller than in older cars?
Coolant leaking from the radiator hose
How to increase low end torque in motorcycle?
Riding Brakes Downhill in a Hybrid
2003 Mitsubishi Lancer won't crank despite new battery and alternator
Cooling fan shuts off after getting up to temp
How to Tell No MOT Advisory Notes?
How can I repair this cracked plastic caravan skylight?
Can an alternator be damaged from the shock of a low-speed collision?
Mercedes Axor wiring diagram
Which is longer lasting HSS-E or HSS coated wth TiN?
Blinker not working due to corrosion of socket connector pins
honda crv 98 idle too low and rough and eventual stall but ok when driving
Does the dash temperature sender unit also provide input to the ECU?
Windshield weather stripping resecure
Error code P200A on 2013 Kia Sorrento
damaged rim - is a new need a new one?
Noise/buzzing on my insignia
Why can't I reinstall my automatic cam chain tensioner?
Why did my sprayed-on paint job look like it was rolled on?
Renault master red key icon won't shut off
Manual Tranny jerkiness on and off throttle
How to figure the best state of tune for custom four-stroke single?
1UZ-FE 89-94 Lexus Sc400 low rpm and shaking with AC turned on
Safe rounding of CCA during battery load testing
Cotter pin question
Why does my VW diagnostic codes give "Implausible Signal"?
WRX Power Steering Engine Light
Fuel misting during refuel
Starter issues with low battery only
Car will not start & interior lights flicker whenever I try. No noise whenever I turn the key
Rapid Turn Signal
Noisy steering after pwr steering leak fixed
How long do incandescent indicator bulbs last?
When does engine lugging occur
Rumbling noise: tires or mechanical
Car does nothing when key is turned
How is the timing belt changed on vehicles with no timing marks?
04 Expedition ac compressor locked up and the engine wont start?
Can wheel bearings be damaged by hitting a curb while the rims remain intact?
Misfiring plugs changed but same issue!
What part of a car makes it tilt to the inside of a turn?
Hyundai tester software
How could suspension result in sawtooth tires?
2010 Hyundai Elantra squeals loudly on start up
Power: carburettor vs fuel injected engines
My KARR alarm gets disarmed by someone else's remote(s) occasionally
2001 Nissan Pathfinder - What other years have interchangeable body parts?
How to Clean Engine Block Surface For MLS Gaskets?
Please help me identify this car part
Identify part found on garage floor
Mildew Scent in Car when Off
Is the shock bolt kit a reliable repair kit? A prequel to the obituary
Does speeding reduce the life of your car?
Wiring a switch in horn line for on/off operation
Hyundai Accent mysteriously stopped starting
Why is my 2005 chevy impala engine knocking?
The purpose of this steel ball on the hex key of my drill attachment
Would anyone know if the o2 sensor is the pre-cat or post-cat?
How come my car won't idle after i changed spark plugs?
96 honda accord 4 cylinder intermittently overheats
Synthetic transmission fluid for a Peugeot 508 1.6 turbo petrol?
Code P0421 Mitusubishi Outlander/Temperature gauge goes up
Should the seals and pistons in a new caliper be flush with the caliper body?
Recalibrating speedometer over OBD-II
Radiator fan doesnt work!
Airbag light blinking after ignition switch replacement
1996 Chevy G10 Van, Loud Intermitten Squealing / Groaning
Intermittent Metallic Rattle and Rotational Noise
can i fit clutch friction plate of same size but different company for old motorbike?
How dangerous is it to drive on country roads with a potentially failing wheel bearing?
How to test start a vehicle repeatedly
Removing scratches just using toothpaste?
How much heat do failing wheel bearings generate?
Why do Formula 1/Indy cars use high profile tires?
2005 Dodge Stratus that won't start after sitting for 5 months
Really hard to find A/C leak on 2007 Mustang
Battery light has been flickering for about a year now after replacing alternator and battery
What is a weight distributing hitch versus a weight carrying ball mount?
1998 Yamaha XTC750 Super Tenére carburetor air box is not lining up with the engine
oil leak after oil change
Scratched my rim and wheel on curb what should I do? Leased car
Can i Use The Same Old Bolts On The Same Cylinder Head?
Do IIHS safety tests changed from year to year?
Replaced throttle body - now horn won't stop honking
2007 Pontiac g6 keeps blowing fuse
1955 Chrysler Windsor no response when I turn the key
My Volvo XC90 will start without key in the vicinity
2000 Nissan Frontier is hard to start
Importance of matching battery reserve capacity to printed spec
What makes luxury cars and super cars so expensive?
Why does the inlet pipe into the thermostat housing keep blowing on my 2005 Honda Civic with 1.7L engine?
2002 Chevrolet Tracker Brake Lights on dash are going on and off
Belt noise only when A/C clutch is engaged
How do automatic headlight level adjusters work?
Incorrect fuel injectors - How much damage can they do?
Vacuum leak above brake pedal
2001 Nissan Sentra will not pass 2000 RPM in drive
motorcycle battery correct voltage
Camshaft position sensor low input on Hyundai Accent 2008
Which is better when driving at 60 kph?
Running low oil on engine would give my 4stroke kart more power?
Can't get into first gear
Why does my truck die when I have the ac running?
2007 BMW E90 320i Individual
Used engine oil
I have an 07 Honda Accord 6 cylinder with a brake issue... Maybe something else too
Can headlights become opaque on the inside?
My Volvo S40 2006 Immobilizer Not Releasing
Tank reading half full. No more fuel will go in
Can you use Brillo Pads to get slight build up of carbon on spark plugs?
Positive cable smoking......
EVAP Leak One Day After Engine Work - Unrelated?
Freon leak around dryer -Honda Accord 2000 SE
Drum brake adjustment question - First time
Drove with radiator cap not tight all theway
How to make automatic wipers more sensitive to rain (beyond control setting)?
Overheated while driving now it won't start
CLK320 ac problem
Can pressure caused by temperature cause ignition coils to unseat?
How to change oil in Aprilia Atlantic 500?
Who to hire to attach a weather seal?
Odd lag with Mitsubishi ASX auto
Clicking noise from front wheel
2014 honda crv rear seat removal
A/C pressure drop when clutch engages
2000 Buick Regal GS Key fob Half Paired
Do I have a Bad Catalytic Converter?
Brakes go to floor after bleeding
Room Fuse and P1632 on a 98 Mazda 626 GF ( European )
Size of the tyres
What is this part of my Carburetor ? And what does it do?
Why does the radiator fan start after riding 15 minutes?
What is the name of this Idle Mixture Screw Plug?
Car temperature drops to a little less than 1/4 at highway speeds. Any reason to be concerned?
Radiator cap pressure and how it impacts stress on cooling-system and engine?
What portion of the cooling system is rust formed in?
Should I perform any special checks when buying a high mileage car?
Maintenance more expensive for Infiniti-discontinued G25?
Occasional hesitation on acceleration 2015 Subaru Forester
Can not working upstream sensor cause engine overheat?
06 Torrent temp gauge stopped working, fans on, trouble starting sometimes
White smoke coming from 2010 Dodge Caravan -- where's it coming from?
Precautions before changing air filter
How do I check the brake fluid in master cylinder of my car?
Vehicle cut out whilst driving
Is it bad to use scooter oil in a motorcycle?
Intermittent Wiper Wiring Nomenclature
Where is the TVSV valve located in a Toyota Tercel 1987?
Oil in water coolant
Key is stuck and car will only go into reverse
Why does this wiring harness connect the rectifier AC side to the ignition switch?
Is it bad to start your car in neutral while in motion?
Can the serpentine belt change affect transmission?
Chevrloet Sail LS Engine starts missing when car is driving with AC on and it is hot outside
Damaged Tank, How did it happen
Car Shaking at red light stop
How do I diagnose trouble code P0567 OBD-II in my car and what are its causes? Which component of cruise control system should be checked first?
Diagnosing the leak location in a power steering system
Does regular Stop Leak fluid work in Asian vehicles such as ES 300?
When adding coolant, there's no space for water
2012 Mazda3 Bang and Lurching Forward at Cold Start
How to un-stick a schrader valve on high side of AC
Corolla 2008 Replacement Key (program transponder chip)
Can an undercharged battery cause the van to have trouble keeping a high enough idle to keep running?
I put too much oil in my motorcycle, is it going to harm it?
What vehicle does this master cylinder and booster go too
Heater and AC don't work?
gauges fluctuating but vehicle won't turn over
Honda civic 03 overheating, checking the cylinder head and block for cracks?
Check engine light is on
How do I fix the error code P2002 which is caused by filter or sensor in the exhaust of the car?
Wiring fog lamps with horn relay
Car started then stopped. Now doesn't turn on or crank
Tire Sidewall Damage
Mixing crossply and radial tyres but not on the same axle
2002 Ford Windstar only blowing hot
2014 Ford Taurus, digital fuel indicator is out of norm, then check engine light came up
Is oil on the manifold dangerous or will it just burn off?
1990 VW passat b3 doesn't start, engine shuts down on gas
Battery Problems
Faulty Motorcycle Regulator?
Engine stoped working
Honda Cr-V AC Died
MG F MGF is my heater hose normal?
Mitsubishi engine turns over for a several seconds before starting
On old cars with a carburetor, how does pressing the gas pedal lead to the engine rotating faster?
10mm socket fell inside dashboard of 2008 Corolla
Hole-in-One. Small extension and socket fall into valve
Broken front driver's side suspension
Trouble connecting 16 pin car stereo power cable to Pioneer radio
How do you clean out blue devil (sodium silicate/liquid glass) out of your cooling system?
98 Dodge Ram van b2500, 5.2L gas, 223k miles, runs great overall......stumbles when cold.
Can I mix 5w30 and 5w40 engine oil
Rumbling noise on sharp left turns
Slashed tyre? Or something else?
Honda CRV unknown buttons
Poor running after head gasket replacement.
2008 Jeep Wrangler ticking when idling and gets faster as rpms go up
Help please! Loud clicking/ knocking sound coming from engine
Oil pressure light on Golf R Mark 7
Mini Cooper 1.6 Diesel Carbon Coming From The Exhaust
2014 Kawasaki Ninja EX300A Clutch
Wish to understand why non-stock vehicle alignment is an issue
2005 Subaru Forester Overheating
Can I remove the valve cover to retrieve the extension with 8mm socket that fell into my engine?
It is possible turn off a car with an electric signal?
High beams work, low beams do not
Fixing rough door scratch?
Engine oil reduction issue (On high RPM)
4th gear to 5th gear puts to 3rd gear often?
Why is a modem triggering car alarm?
Rotating tires based on time or miles?
What to use to seal airbox gaps
MOT advisories: slight brake bind and surface corrosion outer sills?
Skoda Fabia SDI 2005
Coolant - meaning of label on bottle
Should you change your oil even if your car isn't driven very often?
Cannot pair two phones to one car
I have 5th gear issue , can i drive in 4th gear at 100km to 115km?
Does the 95 Toyota Camry have a single belt for alternator, ac, power steering and drive?
Poor pickup of my car
Truck shaking at certain mph or when under load
Motorcycle Gas Pump Auto Shut-Off
Strange vibration from steering wheel
how do I clean 4 qts of 10W30 out of the cooling system,
Is this the proper way to fix a front reflector in a bmw x3?
Super 95 E10 vs Super 98?
2002 Audi S8 oil loss during road trip?
Broken gear shift?
2002 Chevy Trailblazer new front calipers installed, bled, but pedal goes to floor
1990 Passat won't start second time
Advice for cleaning an electrically actuated EGR valve
Review and component check 2.0 Turbo FSI while out of car
How big should an oil leak be to make engine removal worth it?
Local mechanic ok to repair exotics?
Renault Scenic II 1.9 dci, model 2004 facing start problem!
Is it necessary to have an alignment done after installing Firestone Coil Rite air helper springs on a 4WD vehicle?
Car Engine Stalls
Ford fusion throttle body?
Bendix rotation over shaft: what can cause overspin?
Can I add an aftermarket AC to the existing AC in my small hatchback?
Chevrolet cruze 2011 code 82?
Scraping sound when I get off car
charging boat battery
What is most efficient setting for the AC?
two conflicting mechanics opinions on what needs to be fixed, which one should I work with?
Need Help Identifying Sensor Connectory - 1996 Chevy G10
My 1995 saturn keeps throwing belts
Suzuki Liana 2003, Sounds very loud in engine and won't increase rpm?
If trans fluid is low enough to cause issues, how long after adding new fluid should issues go away?
Pitted rotors but a lot of wear left on the pads - leave them or change them?
99 Ranger, rear brake drum won't come off
Motorcycle fuel tank inspection procedures?
What would it take to get CarPlay in an older Outback model?
Vehicle alternator voltage/current output's relation with throttle / engine load
Can I safely use E10 95 octane unleaded in motorbikes?
Bearing features (2RS versus 2RSH)
Foul smell when taking air from outside (not AC)
Not getting coolant in the engine
Applied dielectric grease to an exposed wire to the starter
Motor Oil In Coolant , No Coolant In Oil
Are the axles on a cargo trailer supposed to be visibly bent?
Subaru MY2008 WRX Turbo
How do I bypass the speed limiter on a Suzuki GSF1200 (Bandit)?
Air Conditioning don't blow cold air 2011 Honda civic, dealership shop is quoting my girlfriend $1,600
2010 Hyundia Elantra, are these repairs necessary?
2007 Toyota Highlander GPS Navigation map no longer works
Truck only miss fires when it gets up to temp
2007 KOW VULCAN 800 LOST COMPRESSION
1996 Acura integra 5speed clicking noise
What is the normal (expected) idle on 1999 Chevy Blazer 4.3 V6
suzuki savage the electric died the battery is good
engine bogging at certain rpm
Low Speed Steering Vibration
Is there any advantage to aftermarket hoods with heat extractors, or are the extractors purely aesthetic?
BMW 320D 2010 hesitating to accelerate while on highway for few seconds
2000 subaru forester 2.5l
always takes a few attempts to start the engine (no cranks), even with new battery
Mounting new shocks/struts for 2002 Ford Focus SE
Not receiving multi line response ELM 327
Sorento Speed Boost on Brake
Car mobile charging point fuse
Cleaning Throttle Body - Can a beginner do it?
Can the bottom of a piston be scratched and not damage the cylinder?
How to determine which fuse is always hot?
Recommended fuel for Honda Fit Sport 2008
Why is rain not a consideration for sedans' rear windows?
Why is my car struggling when it gets hot? (breaks, bearings, transmission...?)
Is my working area safe?
proton wira 2004 user and repair manuals
piston damage impact
2005 BMW r1150r leaking gas
Ran 2002 PT cruiser w/ out coolant/water, overheated but temp gauge showed normal.
Why are side mirrors glass?
How many miles does it take to recharge a flat battery?
Audi oil change interval
Strange chain sound happened just once and now bike will occassionally come to a halt and wont move even in neutral for 15 minutes
What's wrong with my car?
Is the time belt replacement criteria exaggerated?
Looking for "engine running" signal
Why different fluids in car systems
2014 Hyundai Elantra wouldn't start
Error stabilisation control (ESC) and Error start stop
Replacing headlights hb3 12v 60w with hb3 12v 65w
How to make touch up paint less visible on gray car?
Why are tachometers scaled in tens of hundreds?
Small coolant leak in after replacing the intake gasket
Why do car starter motors draw so much current?
Air conditioning in my car works but takes a long time to cool...?
Where can I find the code for my Ford Figo music player
Can I start my car while the battery is being charged?
