Rules of thumb for present value of retirement funds given current age and income?
Individual Investor Safe Reinvest Gains Strategy?
How do I know if Home value is likely to go up?
How to get an ITIN if I don't have passport?
No Claims Discount
Getting cash by using credit cards
What's the difference when asked for "debit or credit" by a store when using credit and debit cards?
US Banks offering Security Tokens in 2012
Can Indian citizens in India do short-trades in the US?
Recommended education path for a future individual investor?
Why some banks require some particular software to take photos of checks for deposit?
What Excel function to use to calculate the return or interest rate on a savings account?
When should currency be exchanged when traveling, if ever?
Why would something vanish from credit report?
Knockout certificate (Long) fell more than 6% even though the underlaying security rose 1.2%
New York State Tax allowances (IT-2104 2012 vs 2011)
What is the difference between state pension plans and defined contribution plans?
Must all details match exactly if receiving payment via my personal bank account?
What tax advantage should I keep an eye for if I am going to relocate?
Can the risk of investing in an asset be different for different investors?
What is the daily rebalanced leverage ratio that is ideal for the S&P 500 based on past performance?
First time investor and online brokerage accounts
want to refinance FHA loan, may move out unexpectedly and would like to keep as investment property, what are my options?
How can I switch my credit card to another issued by the same bank, keep my credit history, and get the sign-up bonus for the new card?
Virtual (one-time) card number expiration period
US citizen sometimes residing in spain, wanting to offer consulting services in Europe, TAXES?
Is there a threshold at which estimated taxes must be paid electronically?
What is involved in becoming vat registered in the UK? any advice?
Getting a USD cheque, without too many fees, and with a sensible exchange rate?
Jointly filing taxes in 2 different states
Accounting for payment into wrong currency account
Should I pay off zero interest debt early?
What is the list of free bank house appraisal like the Chase home value estimator?
Where can I find historic performance data on Barclays Aggregate Canadian Bond Index?
Starting off as an investor
How to find if a loan has PMI Insurance? (death in the family question)
How can I come up with a good personal (daily) budget?
How do bond funds have a higher return that the sum of their bond parts?
Gnucash extension to generate interest entries
Mortgage loan plus home loan
Is it better to buy a house at the end or beginning of a year?
Is it good to get 2 credit cards for different bonus?
Why is mortgage interest deductible in the USA for a house you live in?
401k Contributions + Employer Match be greater than Maximum Contribution?
How can banks afford to offer credit card rewards?
What are the risks in buying a property from a "Tax Deed" auction?
How to calculate my real earnings from hourly temp-to-hire moving to salaried employee?
Family/divorce lawyer wants large retainer before taking on case. Is this normal?
Can a loss in one Roth IRA make up for a gain in another when trying to withdraw early penalty-free?
I have an "excellent" credit rating. Do I need to get a preapproval mortgage letter?
Can I check multiple lenders for mortgage rates, via preapproval, and have it only count as one hard inquiry on my credit?
What information do I give to my customers so they can pay me with PayPal?
Advice on low-risk long-term strategy for extra cash?
what is the meaning of allowing FDI in Insurance and pension funds
I live in Brazil, I have no US bank account and received a US Treasury check. How do I get my money?
What is the standard real estate commission to sell a million dollar home?
What is the best option: conversion of excess contribution to traditional IRA; distribution, or leave for now?
History of full retirement age: when were there policy changes?
How should I record the changing value of an investment in accounting software?
Should I close unused credit cards before applying for another?
Seller refuses to accept offer on home until after inspection
I want to invest in a U.S.-based company with unquoted stocks, but I am a foreigner. How to do this?
Are in-kind donations from my S-Corp tax-deductible in any way?
What are my options if I am not eligible for my 401-K plan?
Former 401(k) plan closed and check mailed to me. Can I roll over this money and avoid paying tax?
What happens to public shareholders when a public stock goes private?
How can I find the cheapest prepaid credit card?
Account that is debited and account that is credited
meaning of "differing bought and sold value of shares traded;" "money flows into vs out of" a stock
Why do people buy stocks that pay no dividend?
What does it mean if my firm's retirement pension (not 401K) plan is incrementally vested?
Effect of a "Bond Bubble" Bursting?
Buying a home - whether to pay large downpayment or invest funds elsewhere?
Is it possible to place money in an account where I can authorize people to view the balance?
Starting over with quicken
Why am I getting "Pre-approved" loans from random financial institutions in the mail?
Is PayPal aware that in Chinese-speaking countries, the last name precedes the first name?
Multi-year profit/tax question
Pros & cons of buying gold directly vs. investing in a gold ETF like GLD, IAU, SGOL?
How much does a tenant eviction cost in Miami and New York City?
What are the costs to establish an LLC and to maintain it?
What's the minimum revenue an LLC must make in Florida or NY states?
How much can you write off on a car lease through a LLC?
Are 401(k) fees based on contribution amounts or total account balance? What's reasonable?
Calculating cost effectiveness of a medical plan
How meaningful is the "stock price" of a stock?
Is the $5 USD bill from Series 2006 supposed to glow brightly under ultraviolet?
Safety of keeping savings in a mortgage account
Guaranteed way to accept payment?
Check addressed and mailed to outdated, wrong address
What is the tick frequency of stock?
How can one hedge against property price change when buying a home?
What do these numbers mean for the S&P?
Where to invest proceeds from home sale to be used to buy new house within five years?
What is the opposite of a hedge?
How much do brokerages pay exchanges per trade?
Intro to Investment options for a Canadian
Terminology: What are the labels associated with a share called?
Bank changes exchange rate of transaction
How do I set up my finances when first moving out?
First time investor wanting to invest in index funds especially Vanguard
Tax treatment for non-matched 401k vs. a Roth?
How can one offset exposure created by real-estate purchase?
leaving the amount on a check blank
State taxes for nonresident international PhD students in Massachusetts?
Funds in closed bank account have gone to the government
Does it make sense to talk about an ETF or index in terms of technical indicators?
Comparing an Income vs Growth fund
What are the ins/outs of writing equipment purchases off as business expenses in a home based business?
What does the "SEC 30-Day Yield" mean for a Bond ETF?
Rate of return of stock index
What are the implications of a corporate stock repurchase or share buyback program?
How can I tell if a forex signaling service is legitimate?
Add $5000 to existing retirement account
Growth of unrealized gains in tax-managed index funds
Is the concept of an "odd lot" adjusted to stock price?
Why is my mortgage rate for a refi higher than the prevalent market rate?
Owning REIT vs owning real estate - which has a better hypothetical ROI?
Need help with completing a backdoor Roth IRA conversion
Income tax on international income with money not deposited in India
Is it correct to take interest swap rates as a prediction of future bank rate?
Why are some countries' currencies "weaker"?
Computing portfolio return with net inflow/outflow
Payroll reimbursments
Where is dividend information published?
If I leave my job, what happens to my flexible spending account?
Taxes on a stipend contract in Norway?
How to transfer large sum from out of country to USA?
What is a bull put spread?
Does Hurricane Sandy or other natural disasters make it a good time to buy US Muni Bonds?
What do brokerage firms do?
P2P lending in Maryland?
Asset Allocation Tools that understand Mutual Funds
Are there any alternatives to ING's Electric Orange that have similar features?
Stock broker's profit margin & criteria
Why aren't companies calling their 7%+ notes if interest rates are so low?
American (Private) Ankylosing Spondalytis Health insurance costs compared to the British NHS
Balancing a messy flat account
How do I obtain the foreign equivalent of homeowner's insurance when buying a vacation home in another country?
ESPP strategy - Sell right away or hold?
Do margins on a brokerage account affect your credit score?
Can I get my savings from my mom's bank now that I'm 18?
How can I verify that a broker I found online is legitimate?
Can I change banks for my HSA account?
Would extending my mortgage cause the terms to be re-negotiated?
How to pay myself as a single person corporation in Ontario? Should I get an accountant?
U.S. VISA gift cards and usage in Europe; technical and/or legislative insight?
Home rebuilding cost vs "Cost Approach (If Developed)" on appraisal?
Non-qualified Savings Plan vs. 401(k) for Highly Compensated Employee
Is there any drawback to paying credit card bills immediately rather than waiting until payment is due?
Overall portfolio vs. your investment product's portfolio?
Mortgage and/or unit trust
Should I open an individual 401k account?
Calculate 'Credit Score' from Experian statutory credit report?
How frequently is the list of constituents that make up the S&P/ASX 300 updated?
What's the fastest way I can raise my credit score from nothing?
As an individual Indian freelancer, do I have to create trade license & Current account?
How much time does one have to pay an invoice in Australia?
Penalties for cashing out on a SIMPLE IRA early
How risky are penny stocks?
What are the primary expenses I should account for in my budget upon college graduation?
Can my employer make me to pay for their tax mistake from my future paychecks?
Find monthly interest rate from principal, monthly payment, and loan's term?
Getting Started with personal accounting software
What are my investment options in real estate?
Why is retirement planning so commonly recommended?
What is the advantage to me in not paying off my debts?
Are there Cashflow Positive Investment Properties in the USA?
Income tax on my online drop-shipping business (India)
Does maintaining a low (versus zero) balance on a credit card improve your credit score?
Is it always bad to purchase a business you don't understand?
Are there loans for buying businesses?
Is person-person lending/borrowing protected by law?
Is a trustee sale winning bid all inclusive, or are prorated taxes & fees due?
Should I pay off investment property mortgage
Confused about employee stock options: How do I afford these?
Why should one only contribute up to the employer's match in a 401(k)?
Continuous compounding in practice
What is the meaning of "FQ2"?
Steps/Procedures to open an online stock trading account in the US
How does paying off one of two mortgages affect my credit score?
Does it count as long term gains if you buy and sell more shares of an existing stock holding?
Could a 401k or IRA contribution switch my current taxable income to a lower tax bracket? is this the same for traditional and Roth 401k?
How to reactivate my dormant bank account in the US as non US resident?
My landlord is being foreclosed on. Should I confront him?
Taxation of muni bond bought at a premium
Properly calculating personal taxes
How to base my income tax bracket?
Paying import taxes in different EU country than my home
What are the cons to using a brokerage account for day to day banking?
Can I deduct the cost of licenses for tools/utilities and services come tax time?
I am closing one credit card and getting a new one. What order should I do this in?
Switching apartments & the correct way to exercise notice period with current landlord?
Can my sister open a Coverdell ESA for my son?
Why could rental costs for apartments/houses rise while buying prices can go up and down?
What are the common income tax deductions used by "rich" salaried households?
What is the purpose of property tax?
Why can it be a bad idea to buy stocks after hours?
How can I accept donations for a loved one's health care?
Is the money that you get back from deposits or rebates taxable?
When is the right time to buy a car and/or a house?
Digital money pots?
Where can I find company filing information in Singapore?
Recent permanent resident: Should I have filed Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (FBAR)?
How do I fix my credit score when I have bad things in my credit history?
Personal property insurance + travelling insurance + accident insurance + health insurance
Explain the HSI - why do markets sometimes appear in sync and other times not?
Saving Money in Fixed Deposit Account VS in Saving Account (with various interest rates)
Buying a small amount (e.g. $50) of stock via eToro "Social Trading Network" using a "CFD"?
Closing on two mortgages (investment refi & primary home) -- is it ok to do them simultaneously?
What are the tax rules of owning a vacation rental property?
Can I get an Amazon Rewards Visa just for the gift card and then close the account?
Do I have an option to transfer parent plus loans to myself?
How to find historical stock price for a de-listed or defunct company?
Tax deduction helping a friend pay tuition
How do I get a list of the top performing funds between two given dates?
Can I just file a 1040-ES?
Can I deduct my Goodwill donations from my taxes in Kentucky?
Can I negotiate to have a credit card interest fee waived?
How can I cash out US government savings bonds?
How will making monthly student loan payments before grace period ends affect credit?
Want to buy expensive product online. Credit line on credit cards not big enough. How do "Preferred Account" programs work?
Financed medical expenses and tax deductions
How do you account for a cash payment by a customer in which some is used for payment to a vendor?
Is there a benefit to creating a donor advised fund to make charitable donations instead of simply donating to organizations each month?
how to deal with involuntary out-of-network charges
Mutual Funds Definition and Role
Overpaid Rent Owed By Real Estate
How does the FDIC know how much to insure trust accounts?
Organizing finances and assigning a number to each record type
Ideas about Gold Investment
What is a trade exchange and are they reputable or not?
Investments: Feds buying more treasury bonds? How does it affect Bonds (going up or down)?
How does S&P schedule reviews of sovereign credit ratings?
Can limits be placed by a merchant on which currency notes are accepted as legal tender?
Am I financially ready to move out with my boyfriend?
Why are interbank payment (settlement) systems closed for weekends and holidays?
Why are the administrative fees for the three biggest donor-advised funds identical?
Rules about spouse's HSA
How do online referal systems work?
Who ultimately receives principal and interest of a mortgage payment?
Question about ex-dividend date timing
My bonus is taxed at a higher rate than my regular paychecks, so should I contribute 100% of my bonus to 401k?
When to swap from 50k/100k/50k auto policy to something higher, 100k/300k/50k or more?
Employer overpaid 401k - what's my liability?
How much of my scholarship money do I need to pay Taxes on?
How does a public company issue new shares without diluting the value held by existing shareholders?
What are the indicators a stock is part of a pump and dump scheme?
Personal finance management: precise or approximately?
US tax - effectively connected income
Intra-day trading software and services?
Can my employer limit my maximum 401k contribution amount (below the IRS limit)?
How do banks lose money on foreclosures?
Why would anyone buy a government bond?
Investing in REITs - VGSIX vs VNQ
What are the cost differences between a deed In lieu and a judicial foreclosure and the effect of those differences?
To minimize the spread costs in shopping in the North or Europe
Got a "personal" bonus from my boss. Do I have to pay taxes and if so, how do I go about that?
Are individual allowed to use accrual based accounting for federal income tax?
Selling before "Fiscal Cliff" potential change to capital gains tax?
Deducting last years (undocumented) side business loss
Time-Weighted Rate of Return & Money-Weighted Rate of Return
In what state do usury laws apply?
What are the contents of fixed annuities?
Find the exact time of a credit card purchase with Chase
Optimal way for withdrawing vested company match from my 401k?
How do you go about calculating how much you need after retirement?
Indian working in US on H1B - Do I have to pay taxes on interest earned from Savings Bank Account in India
Why are there two interest rates shown on streamline eligibility notices?
Gains/loss calculation for staggered buys & sells?
How can I determine if a FHA loan refinance offer is from a reputable lender
Selling Stock - All or Nothing?
How To Transfer Money Online So The Other Person In Another Country Receives It In Cash?
How is exit load calculated in case of SIP in mutual funds?
Credit Card Approval
Good way to record currency conversion transactions in personal accounting software?
What is the best way to pay back a(n unaffordable) private student loan?
What does this mean? SELL -10 VERTICAL $IYR 100 AUG 09 32/34 CALL @.80 LMT
Mint counting an IRA contribution as a pure expense
If I make 66K per year (US-Pennsylvania, Single filer) and I give 3000 to a 5013-c organization How much in tax relief should I expect
Personal Banking using accrual method
International Wire from Brazil to Puerto Rico
Duplicating transaction splits in gnucash?
Dealing with fractions of a penny
Is PMI rate set until 20% paid off
Currently a Microsoft Money user on PC, need a replacement suitable for Mac
What determines a tax resident in Florida
How to create a college savings account for a kid without his mom being able to tap into it?
Can a F1 student file, as a non-resident, a joint tax return with US Citizen wife
Work as a contractor for my current employer rather than become a full time employee after my graduation for health insurance continued coverage
US taxes and refunding/returning payment
Should mainland Chinese invest in the US market?
How can I be pro-active about my 2012 tax deductions
Does investing in a company support it?
Will a contribution towards Traditional IRA be deductible for 2012?
US - foreign tax credit - which year to claim in?
Retirement formula for annual compound interest with changing principal
F1 student, as a non-resident, filing married separate tax return with US Citizen wife
How can I get free or discounted checks for my bank account?
Debit/Credit confusion
How would I categorise a personal account?
I'm living abroad, can I choose to not pay state taxes for that time?
May I claim money earned but not received in 2012
Real interest rate number in Word data bank is yearly or montly?
Paying UK tax when working remote for a US company
How to set up my business as a self-employed contractor
Multiple accounts stagnant after quitting job.
Foreign national moving from US to Canada, how to file tax return (340 days in US)
Best software to import finances
How much time does a doctor's office have to collect balance from me?
How is it possible that a stock has a P/E of 0.01?
Is $0 unpaid interest on a student loan effectively 0% APR?
Gnucash category structure for funds distributed across multiple bank accounts
Apartment donation or gift for foreigner living in US
Personal "Profit & Loss Statement" required for mortgage?
Can the alien husband of a US Citizen choose to file as a non-resident
Locating a CPA/EA who is well versed in non-resident taxes
Effect of community state laws on Married Filing Separately filing status
Software to roll up funds distributed across multiple bank accounts
What could a malicious party potentially achieve by having *just* a name, account number, and sort code?
Over how much time should I dollar-cost-average my bonus from cash into mutual funds?
Why are prices in EUR for consumer items often the same number as original USD price, but the GBP price applies the actual exchange rate?
Are there tax implication on buying US stock while on a job transfer?
How to change stock quantity in KMyMoney investment editor?
What to write in a salary negotiation letter?
(Almost) no credit unions in New York City, why?
What is the economic explanation for the high cost of weddings?
Any savings vehicle which is sheltered from both US and Canadian income taxes?
Nonresident Travel Money (Card or Bank Account) Solution with Emergency Cash Feature in Euros?
What amount of money do car hire companies lock on your credit card account when hiring a car?
How credit card companies tolerate if you preload your card and use it like a prepaid card? (EU, world)
Can I convert a traditional IRA to ROTH pre April 2013 and have it matter for 2012
VAT and duties payable when importing personal goods from Switzerland and the Channel Islands to the EU?
Should I save for a down payment or pay off school in cash?
Is there any reason at all to have a traditional IRA if you already have a 401k and earn more than a certain amount?
Travel expenses for an out-of-state rental
Help required on estimating SSA benefit amounts
New to working as an independent contractor, what do?
Web sites for historical foreign currency exchange rates and inflation data?
Can I dispute Visa charges beyond 60 days?
Can an online broker charge a fee just for registration, without any deposit?
Why are US target retirement funds weighted so heavily towards US stocks?
How do the personal finances of additional cardholders affect your reputation?
Property Tax Deduction in Illinois After Home Sale
How to Deduct Family Health Care Premiums Under Side Business
Amending a separate tax return to a joint return
What is a term for a company bank account that has been set up for non-business related expenses?
Opening a bank account in the USA as a foreigner
US Equities: Gainers by Market Cap Dollars (not percent)
How is tax attributed on a joint savings account?
What information is sent to merchant with online/POS credit card and "no name" gift card purchases?
How to trade large number of shares?
How to calculate the total managing/transaction/etc costs of an index ETF and an index mutual funds?
To decrease spread cost with a currency account in exchange of currencies
Pay off credit cards in one lump sum, or spread over a few months?
So the vending machine tore my $5 in pieces. What now?
What is the status of the Child Tax Credit for 2013?
How is investing in a bond fund different than investing in a stock?
How is your credit score related to credit utilization?
Same-sex, multiple state income tax
HMV gift vouchers bought on a credit card. Can I claim them back from my cc company?
What does Personal/Internal Rate of Return mean for a 401k?
Pre-tax 401k and post-tax Roth 401k contributions commingled into same account? Tax treatment of withdrawals?
Where can I find Term Life Insurance with Variable Payoff?
Is there any "Personal" Finance app that allows 2 administrators?
Specifically when do options expire?
Execute or trade an options contract?
Is there any real risk in having all mutual funds with the same brokerage?
How can I build up my credit history when I have nearly none
When to apply for RRQ (Régie des rentes du Québec) benefits: earlier, age 65, or later?
Does a bid and ask price exist for indices like the S&P500?
Separating money in bank account without opening another account
Investing in US Markets from India
Do W2 employees pay medicare and ca disability employee?
How to calculate the standard deviation of stock returns?
Is there an investment vehicle that simplifies the work of setting up a bond or CD ladder?
Does it make sense to refinance and convert the HELOC back to a fixed 20 year low rate mortgage?
Should I include my hard assets as part of my net worth?
How should a new investor allocate funds in a Roth IRA?
Accounting for escrow payments in Quickbooks?
How are derivatives treated in bankruptcy?
How to protect liquid assets from risk of hyperinflation
How to use Mint.com outside US/Canada?
Get financial reports on Canadian companies
What are the advantages or disadvantages of paying off student loans early?
Is an incorrect address on a W2 a problem?
Why sales of a company can be more than its earnings
How to take care of pension funds if career is spread over many different countries?
Why does the biotechnology industry have such a high PE ratio?
Do I have to close my US bank account because I'm leaving the country?
Considerations for taking a sizable break from working
How does refinancing work?
What are the disadvantages of a backdoor versus conventional Roth IRA contribution?
Reinvesting dividends and capital gains
Can Roth IRA first time home buyer withdrawals be made up?
Ink Stamp for Depositing Checks
How is money held in escrow for a home purchase from a IRA treated by the IRS?
How do I reconcile a pre-payment on a credit card in Quickbooks?
Quick formula for calculating total interest in my head
How to determine mutual fund or ETF capital gains taxes in Canada?
Would any experienced individual balk at the idea of ignoring a 401k plan?
Automating Certificate-of-Deposit purchases into a ladder-like scheme
What laws/regulations are there regardings gifts in the form of large sums of money?
Overpaying my mortgage monthly payment
Does putting my name on my wife's condo mortgage raise my credit score?
Is household disposable income a real or a nominal value?
Tax implications of restricted stock units
How can I get approved for a store credit card?
Does ownership of a mutual fund in another account sufficient to buy more if it is "closed to new investors?"
Sign up for credit card only for rewards and benefits, then cut it up - pros? cons?
What's the connection between P/E ratio and growth?
Confused regarding filing taxes as a non-resident alien vs resident alien.
New construction closing in a year; how can I lock in mortgage rate?
Do online brokers use market makers?
What is an inclearing check?
Primerica: All it claims to be?
Would student loan consolidation through a private party still be tax deductable?
Who is the issuer in a derivative contract?
When can I start making contributions to a 401k
What happened to buyers of ABT right before the split?
Donation Value Of "One Bag Of Clothing"
Get tax deduction for expensive car expense
What's the best way to handle FSA transactions in light of a pregnancy?
How to automate and streamline saving for multiple large purchases?
Canada: No taxes filed since 2003 while living in another country
As a freelancer, how to receive money from overseas company to my individual bank account in India?
Capital gains on no-dividend stocks - a theoretical question
How to deal with my job change & 401k loan that I can't fully pay back?
How should I calculate the opportunity cost of using a 401(k) loan?
What does "check payable to" mean?
Received W-2 but was never paid
Are there downsides in refinancing with 5 and 1/2 yrs left?
Equity or alternative compensation in an LLC?
How do interest rates work?
Bid/ask spreads for index funds
What's the least risky investment for people in Europe?
Calculating capital gain tax on selling rental property I lived in for a while, and renovated?
EU deposit guarantee fund for failed state guarantee
Capital Gains taxes on an inherited house
Savings Account Rates vs. CD Rates vs IRA CD Rates
I'm in the US on F1 visa, received a W2. Not sure what to do now
I married a noncitizen. How do I properly file a W7 with our joint return?
What is the best approach to save money for College for three kids?
How to avoid tax when taking a windfall in small chunks?
How can I donate money to the Canadian federal government?
Credit Cards Similar to Co-ops
Include all W-2 forms on a Part-Year-Resident State return?
How do I tell if employer tuition assistance is included in taxable income?
How can I realistically compare the Cost of Living for two locations?
How do I assume title as the co-signer on car loan after the borrower's death?
If a company in China says it accepts Visa, does it accept all Visas?
Calculating the profit earned from a leveraged futures contract
Why do some companies have stock symbols on different markets?
Paid part of my state refund back last year; now must declare the initial amount as income?
Pros and cons of cashing out my RRSP in order to repay HELOC used to start a business, now failed?
What are the minimum investment requirements for the S&P500 spyder (NYSE:SPY)?
Why were numbers on these income statements recorded differently from year to year?
How to find if a public company has taken out a loan?
How should we prioritize retirement savings, paying down debt, and saving for a house?
If a company goes private, does it still count as a capital gain/loss?
What are the advantages of paying off a mortgage quickly?
Online directory for investment advisors/financial planners in Canada?
Put-Call parity - what is the difference between the two representations?
Transferring money from 403B to 401K?
Can multiple inquiries with only one mortgage lender over months hurt your credit?
Closing intermediary credit lines
is it good to buy insurance policy as investment for beginner?
If I don't participate in my employer-sponsored FSA, can I open my own HSA?
What happens to an HSA when I am no longer eligible to contribute?
How are bank accounts linked to other accounts?
Personal liability insurance with no car or house
Is it a bad idea to have both pre-tax and Roth money in a 401k?
Most cost-effective way to purchase individual bonds?
Fixed-rate mortgage vs HELOC
Pay cash for a home, get a reverse mortgage, and buy stock
House EMI. Is it better to take a shorter or longer tenure?
Is a blank voided check the same as a fully filled out voided check?
Defaulting on an unsecured line of credit
Refinance and then take out home equity loan
Stock exchanges using open outcry
Free source of corporate bond data?
Which state do saving interests come from?
What happens if I receive a refund on a credit card with $0 balance?
When does it make sense to cancel collision and comprehensive auto insurance?
Can I work with two or more mortgage brokers at the same time?
Bill to expect after receiving basic emergency services at out-of-network hospital
How does mobile home insurance work?
Are most financial needs analyses created equal?
Individual 401k and employed at another company
Plot company's stock prices against company's quarterly net profits
Can someone explain recent AAMRQ stock price behavior to me?
Recurring deposit interest calculation compounding period rule in India
How can one guarantee income in the event of incapacitation and also in the case of death in UK?
What is the market rate of non-cash ISA fund administration fee in UK?
Is there a problem with buying small amounts of a no-fee mutual fund every two weeks?
Why do short-term term deposits and GICs pay more than longer ones?
Buying a house for a shorter term
Futures initial margin and maintenance margin
What risk of a diversified portfolio can be specifically offset by options?
Filing taxes in two states with combined income of over $106,800
Are commissions paid to realtors for finding tenants for my rental property tax deductable as a rental expense?
Failed attempt to refinance my rental property, can I deduct the cost of appraisal?
How can I show more detail in GnuCash Reports?
Holding a bank account in the US, without citizenship, while no longer living there
401k Catch up Provision - Limits on timing?
How does an index rearrange its major holdings
Is there a no-fee way for Americans to send electronic payments to American small businesses?
If I amend my federal tax return before I file my state taxes, what do I do?
Best way to transfer a mortgage, and keep the house?
Who decides, and how, each year's increase in the Canada Pension Plan's YMPE value?
How to find out if a company is legit?
Why don't some places require a credit card receipt signature, and some do?
If I transfer brokerages for a taxable investment account, who is responsible for sending Form 1099s?
FAFSA implications of filing jointly?
J1-Intern Tax Filing Help
What can I plan for to save money on my mortgage?
Can I cover a short sale with the stock I already own?
Merchant dispute with airline over missed flight, and which credit cards offer protection?
Is there a website which shows indexes and their corresponding ETFs?
Assessed value of my house
Mortgage-based budget spreadsheets?
How can I get a home loan within 2 years of bankruptcy?
Overseas Foreign Earned Income; Can I take the Home Office Deduction for a home office based outside the United States?
Entropay Legitimacy and Validity
I’m going to Russia. Where should I exchange my currency?
Itemized deduction when not on lease, utility contracts, etc
Should I use a Roth 401K rather than 529 to save for children's college?
In Germany: can i live in a Betriebstaette to circumvent payment of the Rundfrunkbeitrag
Investments other than CDs?
Paid by an American company but working from France: where should I pay taxes?
How to Split a loan, and how much should be my investment
Homebuyer Credit - 2008 Installment Repayment
Apple's Cash Pile
Is there any US bank that does not charge for incoming wire transfers?
Overpaying credit card to simulate a credit line increase?
New Car Tax deduction
How do I claim investment income that was earned in a jointly held account?
I'm 29, single, and healthy. Do I need life insurance?
Left US after 2 year secondment 4 years ago. Cashed 401K in 2012
Time between quarter end/fiscal year end till earnings report
What's the justification for the DJIA being share-price weighted?
Selling on eBay without PayPal?
How do you go about buying a house directly from an owner? I.e. no broker involved?
Account with NatWest compromised. Will I get a refund?
How can I correct a Free Fillable Forms reported error?
Why is Dell currently trading above the buyout price?
Investment Portfolio Setup for beginner
Advise for closing secure credit card
Peer to Peer Lending in the UK
What is the technical name for the type of security whose price updates once per trading day?
Show liability payments with expenses?
Does an out of court settlements have to be declared as income?
J1 Student Intern Tax for Indians
Taxact workflow with respect to choosing filing status?
What is the point of the stock market? What is it for, and why might someone want to trade or invest?
How do the wealthy pay for things?
Buying a home without a Real Estate Agent - Who should I get to do the paperwork?
Physician Mortgage: What's the advantage of using one, vs. a regular 20% loan?
How should somebody just starting their career begin investing for short-term goals?
Where can I find all public companies' information?
Where can I find accurate historical distribution data for mutual funds?
Determining resident status when filling W-4 form in
Health Insurance and Disability Question
How do I make a small investment in the stock market? What is the minimum investment required?
What's the equation for savings growth, that considers contributions?
Does making all one's payments through a credit card make sense?
Is there a generally accepted term for fractions of Currency Units?
Repurchasing products at a store with a different credit card than the one the order was originally paid with
Refusal to do auto pay
Whether to prepay mortgage or invest in stocks
Most expeditious way to convert EUR to USD?
My student loans are on an income-based repayment plan. How does this affect my debt-to-income ratio?
What do the Sizes on Bid/Ask Quotes Mean?
Do common stocks and preferred stocks have any differences in terms of percentage of the company per unit they represent?
PMI cancellation based on original mortgage amount
How to buy stock on the Toronto Stock Exchange?
Companies with steady and high dividends
Why is the dominant investing advice for individuals to use mutual funds, exchanged traded funds (ETFs), etc
Can I take money from my 403b to buy a home at 65 years old without penalty
Is there difference in risk between physical or synthetic replication of an index by an ETF?
What is the difference between FINRA share volume and NASDAQ share volume?
Can the foreign tax credit be more beneficial than the foreign income exclusion?
Can I open a Roth IRA with more than one company at a time?
PAYE Coding Notice in my name, but referencing a workplace I am not employed to
Would a bank take shares in mutual funds as security for a mortgage instead of a down payment?
OBRA, Social Security, and year end taxes
How can I calculate the number of deductions I should use?
How do I report using an IRA distribution to purchase a first home
Books about investing and finances
T4 and RL-1 (Employment Income)
Box 56 - PPIP insurable earnings (RL
What are the transactional costs when buying and selling a house?
Why doesn't the U.S. government pay interest on tax withholding returned via a refund?
Are Square credit card readers practical for individual use?
Do Square credit card readers allow for personal use?
Is Indo-US scholarship received in INR exempt from tax?
Interest rate question
What is the average value of a credit card or debit card transaction?
One lease owner continues while other moves out
What assets does the term "security" encompass?
How long to wait after getting a mortgage to increase my credit limit?
Paying Self Employment Tax 1040ES Monthly
How can Mastercard's interest rate be more in Norway than in Finland?
What is the effective interest rate on a credit card that offers 0% interest with a 4% balance transfer fee?
Which scenario is better for getting rid of mortgage insurance faster?
How do I estimate the future level of my Roth IRA?
For qualifying for a mortgage, is it better to have a small business showing a loss or a pay stub with short history in the company?
What tax forms should REIT owners expect to receive?
Should I take a separation benefit from a pension or wait until age 55 to get employer matching?
How to reconcile these contradictory statements about the effect of volume on stock price?
Lump sum annuity distribution -- do I owe estate tax?
Effect of community state laws on nonresident aliens when Married Filing taxes separately?
Why is financial data of some public companies not available on Yahoo Finance?
What securities is Return of Capital applicable to?
Why do PE ratios for small cap stocks tend to be greater than those for large cap stocks?
Please explain short interest; specifically, why is it called "interest"?
Consequences of not closing an open short sell position?
What approaches are there for pricing a small business?
As a Canadian, how can I apply for and get a U.S. credit card?
Forex vs day trading for beginner investor
Next option(s) after house is not selling on market?
What are the benefits to listing a contribution to my Roth IRA as a 2012 contribution instead of a 2013 contribution?
Financing Education through Credit Card or Student Loans
Relocating and buying a house simultaneously - How to handle pre-approval on fluctuating yearly income?
How to evaluate different account (RRSP, TFSA, ...) and investment types (equities, bonds, cash) combinations
can the government or debt collectors garnish money from any bank account to which the debtor has access?
Are there any benefits to investing with a group of friends vs. by myself?
Remote work. Live in one state, company in another state. tax witholding
If low-cost index funds are considered the best investment, why are there so many high-cost, managed funds?
Plan to receive a lump sum, how to handle taxes and red flags?
If I get cash compensation for my stocks (following a merger for example) does that qualify for capital gains tax?
Basic Info On Construction Loans
Should total revenue or profit be proportional to money x investment time
How long does it take to have no credit history?
Do I pay taxes on investment income in a traditional IRA?
401k Option - Lifecycle or S&P Index - what are pros and cons?
"Taxes" charged on car rental bill -- are they sales taxes?
Reducing cost of emergency room visit
What to fill out for NY State & City on IT-2104 for single person?
Points paid on purchase of principal residence - tax deductible?
Taxes: what do I do about getting a w2 from a startup that has gone belly up in the US?
Personal bank account in the U.S. opened while on a J-1 Visa: Can I still use it?
How can a person with bad credit climb out of it?
Will getting a new credit card and closing another affect my credit?
Credit card chargeback for a travel booking site?
Capital Gains and Tax Brackets
Can I deduct taxes for home office as a freelance computer software developer?
Analyst estimates for an insurance company
e-gold VAP - safe to use?
Why don't the employment rate and unemployment rate sum up to 1?
Grad student - Pull money from 401k, or get student loan?
Overseas fund transfer by certified check
How to see a portfolio's overall profit or loss on Yahoo Finance?
What forms must I fill out to pay taxes?
What's the difference between gross pay and net pay? What do the withholdings mean?
When does Irish Stamp Duty apply for UK investors buying Ireland domiciled shares?
Cash out retirement account or sell and downsize the house to pay off line of credit?
How do public-company buyouts work?
Received a late 1099 MISC for income I reported already, do I have to amend?
What category should I specify for gross salary in Quicken?
Who pays the tax on sale of stock when jointly owned?
Can I still deduct contributions to my Traditional IRA?
How to measure the cost/value of an Asset in the Financial Statement
How to invest in gold at market value, i.e. without paying a markup?
Rollover IRA: Open with my broker, with my bank, or other? How do I go about evaluating?
do/can credit card companies track individual items purchased and their details?
Does Sec 132 on W-2 lower state tax base?
"Out of Pocket Maximum" and health insurance plan terminology & calculation?
Which Benjamin Graham book should I read first: Security Analysis or Intelligent Investor?
Protecting savings from exceptional taxes
Traditional IRA to Roth IRA 2012
Filling State taxes with different Wages in different states
How do you do inflation calculations and estimates?
Do I have to pay a capital gains tax if I rebuy the same stock within 30 days?
Why might it be a bad idea to invest 100% of your 401(k) into a stock index fund?
Mortgage points vs. down payment: How should I look at the break even point?
Any good software for value investment?
How do I opt-out of the Social Security system?
International bonds, currency differences, and effect of inflation on such bonds?
Can a non-resident claim an out of pocket health cost tax deduction?
How do small cap stocks perform vs. large cap stocks (like Dow constituents) during bear trends?
What happens during the windup of a bank?
Resident of Oregon, student in Idaho, Income from California - how to file taxes?
Why are mutual fund dividends and capital gains reinvested at different prices on the same date?
Do I have to spend money with my credit card to increase my credit score?
Equity prices during currency devaluation -- Mexico 1994
What's the cost of rebalancing when you buy through a fund supermarket?
Are paying tax vouchers required?
Canada: Filing multiple years income tax (carry-forward)
How to compare expense ratio and turnover of two funds?
Does my wife need to sign IT-203 (NY state return) if I supply IT-203-C?
What investment options should I consider for my emergency fund?
How is the price of VXX determined?
As a contractor, TurboTax Business-and-Home or Basic?
Moving money from my savings account to an IRA - why am I paying taxes on it?
Evidence for timing market in the short run?
Is Tradeking collecting too much information when I open an Roth IRA?
Question about F1 student filing California State Tax Return
What is a better way for an American resident in a foreign country to file tax?
Transferring a Property (with a loan) to a relative in Maryland
How long after new employment before applying for a new credit card?
For Tax Purposes, What Does "Provide at Least Half the Cost" Mean?
Is it necessary to file taxes if you've made less than $15,000 for the year?
Can you replace Roth IRA contributions that you withdrew?
Where do I owe taxes while I am contracting overseas to Germany?
Does getting a 1099 from another state count as working in another state if I was physically in my home state?
How do I sell an expensive item online without offering a warranty?
How can I observe exchange rates?
Can two people jointly purchase a single share?
Can I rollover some of my Roth 401(k) into my Roth IRA even if I'm still employed?
First time landlord looking for software to manage rental properties
Do performers pay taxes on comped meals and hotels?
What are the advantages of an IRA over general investment accounts?
What should I include on line 7 of US form 1040?
Are there taxes for exchanging goods in a barter transaction?
Wash sale rules between tax advantaged and regular accounts
Is my wash sale being calculated incorrectly?
Must I accept Canadian funds if I do business in Canada
How do I calculate the dividend yield for Disney Co?
Tax Code of D0 and 944L
Are there any market data providers that provide a query language?
H&R Block tax preparation software made arithmetic mistakes. How should I proceed?
What sort of investment accounts are generally used for short term (not retirement) investing?
What does the term "match the market" mean?
What are some FSA eligible expenses that can be used for baby care?
How to dispute a balance transfer that never posted with other creditor?
ITIN Application - IRS requesting original passport
Calculating the total capital of a company?
In my US income tax return, is it okay to use my spouse bank account for direct deposit?
Dentist screwed me on a bill. Do I have any options?
Which instrument to use to trace the Aussie Stock Market?
Is my reimbursement taxable?
Reporting sign-on bonus in case I need to return
Is it a good idea to increase W4 allowance claim in order to fully fund 401k?
Tax advantages of using 529 plans to save for child's education?
529 Plans vs Coverdell ESA
Why am I never approved for credit cards instantly online?
Mileage Deduction as Independent Contractor?
Do I owe state taxes for a temporary (4 month) residence in California?
What is the minimum out-of-pocket amount I need to buy stock?
Insider trading of a linked security like an ETF your company has a heavy weighting in
How to find out if a company has purchased government (or other) bonds?
How to figure out interest received from 'cash and cash equivalents' in a balance sheet?
Spain: Convert cash to electronic money?
Deadline for Electing S-Corp Status -- What does it mean?
Roth or Traditional IRA if getting a dramatic increase in income this year?
Does business income generated while physically present in NY count as New York Source income?
Is there a fool-proof way to keep up with inflation?
Is there an application or website where I can practice trading US stocks with virtual money?
How do I pay my estimated income tax?
Creating S-Corp: Should I Name My Wife as a Director/Shareholder?
401(k) Investment stategies
Can I open an IRA to reduce my tax bill?
"Dispute" Credit Report by pointing out debt that they don't show?
Rolling over my 401k: Who is "New Plan Trustees of [insert name] Plan"?
Purchasing first car out of college
How secure is payWave debit card compared to a chip-and-PIN one?
US Tax Pitfalls for People Having a Pension Plan Abroad
Filing an extension and its effect on ability to choose between married filing status
Is it possible to not pay self employment taxes on income reported in box 7 of 1099-MISC
Significance of first name on joint tax return
Price graphs: why not percent change?
Will I face complications when rolling my Roth 401K into a Roth IRA when I become a grad student?
10-Year Treasury Future Quotes
Should I lease, buy new, or buy used?
What Canadian banks offer two-factor authentication (such as password & token) for online banking?
When is a SEP IRA appropriate, can a Roth IRA suffice for self-employed individuals?
How do I account for monthly expenses when calculating how much house I can afford?
What happened to the Google Price Index?
Filing Form 7004 if an LLC's only members are husband and wife
Is it possible to calculate/estimate W2 based last paycheck?
Foolish to place orders before the market opens?
Choosing the limit when making a limit order?
Traveling abroad for about four years and working as a freelance writer. Who do I pay taxes to?
As a Canadian citizen living as a legal resident in the United States, with no income: do I need to file in Canada?
Why is the 2013 Withholding Calculator giving me such incorrect recommendations?
Can a foreigner filing US taxes as resident claim Lifetime Learning credit?
Is backtesting a reliable concept?
W2 and 1099 (self employed) income in same year: social security taxable income limit?
How can I have a 4549 from more than 3 years ago? Can I amend a return for which I've received one?
Can my employer adjust FICA contributions on payroll they have already processed?
Expected total principal + gains from a vanguard life cycle account upon retirement after 33 years?
Investments backed by physical Diamonds?
Where can I find quarterly earnings-per-share data for the major U.S. market indices?
Can I invest in the housing market via the stock exchange?
What do these numbers mean? (futures)
What are the tax implications of a normal sale of a house?
I inherited financial assets like stocks, bonds, etc. What should I do with them?
Does a total due tax of over $1000 automatically get placed in a quarterly payment plan?
How can I invest in gold without taking physical possession?
Does money made by a company on selling its shares show up in Balance sheet
Why pay for end-of-day historical prices?
Can the interest on a cash out refinance for a rental property be claimed as an expense?
Indian working in Canada has income in US (Sold shares) - How to file taxes/file for extension?
Is candlestick charting an effective trading tool in timing the markets?
Do I have to pay the Internal Revenue Service in West Africa in order to transfer a government check from West Africa to a US bank account?
Why do some symbols not have an Options chain for specific expiration dates?
How to choose a good tenant as a private landlord?
Can two companies own stock in each other?
Is there an advantage to international stock diversfication?
Are you allowed to start paying into an ISA, transfer, and then pay into the new one?
Is a credit card chargeback appropriate in this case?
Can I open two cash ISAs in one year, or for new savings and one for transfer?
What is the compound annual growth rate of the major markets?
Should rebuilding credit include getting multiple credit cards?
Financing with two mortgages: a thing of the past?
Borrowed Canadian Money and paying back in US
What college degree should I pursue to learn about stock and forex markets?
How do wire transfers get settled?
ITIN-Issue-IRS requesting for original passport/Certified copies
Buy US ETF as foreigner -- a bad idea?
Should I use regular or adjusted close for backtesting?
Salary equivalency: London vs Berlin
Filing form 8606 for non deductible IRA contributions
"Inflation actually causes people not to spend"... could it be true?
Does a land with an existing foundation (poured-in) qualify for a conventional home mortgage?
What are the risks with ETFs with relatively low market caps?
Will someone be disadvantaged working longterm as a Contractor vs Permanent Employee
How to get the lowest mortgage rate on a new purchase?
What is the best resource for determining a specific age-based asset allocation?
How to calculate average drawdown of a trading system?
How do third-party banks issue car loans?
How do I calculate the interest on my deposits to my landlord?
Is there any way for a buyer to guarantee that there will be no chargeback in PayPal or GoogleCheckout?
Is there a step-by-step procedure to find a security's intrinsic value?
How can I hedge against local home value?
Why is the bid-ask spread considered a cost?
How can I estimate business taxes / filing fees for a business that has $0 income?
Interest on security deposits paid to landlords, in Michigan?
Will I lose a lot on health insurance by changing employer? (Yearly OoP Max)
Why did my limit buy order execute at a lower price?
What does it mean when someone says "FTSE closed at xxx today"
Calculating Profit Ratio (Gross Margin)
Why are some long term investors so concerned about their entry price?
Where can I find announcements of official GDP figures for the US and other countries?
How do I arrange a private mortgage between myself and a trusted individual?
Can I transfer my investment property into a SMSF?
How much in inflation protected securities (TIPS) should I buy?
Tax questions - Working from India for US company
How do I build wealth?
How can I make a profit by selling a stock short?
Why trade futures if you have options?
Can i short securities in a normal(non-margin) account
Why do moving average acts as support and resistance?
What time period is used by yahoo finance to calculate beta
What is a rule of thumb for accruing debt on a rental property?
Why liquidity implies tight spread and low slippage
When buying / selling a house in the UK, is it normal for solicitors' fees to be due before or after completion?
Why bid and ask do not match the price at which the stock is being traded
How to use debit card with money on savings account?
How to enter members drawings on a balance sheet in a UK LLP
Can GoogleFinance access total return data?
When shorting stock, why does buying to cover help limit a trader's loss when the stock rises?
In a quote-driven market, how do market makers figure out bid/ask prices and bid/ask sizes?
How to use a stop and limit order together?
What is the process through which a cash stock transaction clears?
How much penalty will I have to pay for paying my tax installment late?
Can someone explain the different kinds of annuities?
How does the process of "assignment" work for in-the-money Options?
What does "Company Distribution" mean on Google Finance's stock screener?
How much should I save each month so I can retire early, in my Third World country?
Can I get my payment back on a vacation booked with a company that went into receivership?
Can I invest in the USA or EU from an Asian 3rd-world country, over the Internet?
Why do more floating shares mean less volatility for the stock?
Does doing your "research"/"homework" on stocks make any sense?
Yield of a municipal bond with a sinking fund?
Why have I never seen a stock split?
How do I buy an option that doesn't exist yet?
Pay off debt with RRSPs, or refinance and roll into Mortgage?
Why doesn't a mutual fund in my 401(k) have a ticker symbol?
I specified the wrong IBAN number when transferring money to a UK bank. How can I correct this?
What capital gains taxes do I owe on stock sales in India?
Why don't institutions share stock recommendations like Wall Street analysts?
Ex-dividend date and time zones
How to avoid Paypal holding incoming payments?
What industry standard values should I use when making assumptions about inflation, reinvestment rates, and real estate?
Does Medicaid pay for prescription drugs?
How can I know if the ETF stock is bought by stock participant (change) or the fund (vs. outflow)?
Can my wife claim a deduction for her personal superannuation contribution if she got the Parental Leave Pay?
Full Time Job and Self Employment and a 1040ES
How quickly does decreasing credit utilization affect your credit score?
What does the settlement date of short interest mean?
How do we know the number of shorted shares of a stock?
Selling my house and have been taking home office deduction. What will I owe?
Index mutual fund "minimum initial investment" inside a Roth IRA?
Is 'days to cover' a useful metric in identifying the potential for a short squeeze?
How can a beginner start an investment portfolio in Europe (France)?
Couch Potato Portfolio for Europeans?
How can I estimate the sensitivity of a bond ETF's price to interest rate changes?
Employee stock option plan with undefined vesting?
Comparing pre-tax versus post-tax health expenses?
FBAR semantical issue
Non-tax-resident of Canada needs to pay taxes for investment account earnings?
Money Flow index (MFI) and deciding when money flow is positive or negative?
What does it mean when a business reports its costs on a "fully loaded basis"?
Conflicting information about late recharacterizing of excess contributions
Where does the stock go in a collapse?
Is it legal to receive/send "gifts" of Non-Trivial Amounts to a "friend"?
Selling stocks - capital gains
Value of Pension in regards to salary negotiations
How to pay comingled personal and business credit card charges for small corporation
How can I replicate Vanguard's Total Stock Market Index using their S&P 500 and extended stock market funds?
What happens to your investment if the broker (which acts as a custodian) goes bankrupt?
When a merchant accepts bank wire transfers, how does the merchant know who has wired him the money?
Can I form a company to rent a car or apartment to my wife's employer for her to use?
Low cost real estate appraisal options
How do I set up a budget in Quickbooks 2010?
Will I have to pay taxes in India when I transfer money from a US bank to an Indian savings account?
How to fill the IRS Offer In Compromise with an underwater asset?
Retirement Funds: Betterment vs Vanguard Life strategy vs Target Retirement
Tax withholding on ESPP discount
U.S. Bonds Taxed Interest and Current Value
Which colors can one use to fill out a check in the US?
How can one fill in the cent portion of the numeric amount on a personal check in the US?
For which alterations on a personal check in the US does one need to initial?
How should I specify income that was saved abroad on my children's FAFSA?
Benjamin Graham: Minimum Size of the company
Economics: negative consumer sentiment following failure to upsell
Why are fund managers' average/minimum purchase price from form 13F the same?
What do I need to know before opening a line of credit?
Is there a non-US app (Chrome/iPhone/Cloud) where one can set financial goals and keep track of progress?
How do I calculate two standard deviations away from the stock price?
Why did one-year notes pay more than 10-year notes during the 1980's crisis?
How to account for Capital Gains (Losses) in double-entry accounting?
Which expenses eat up investments the most: sales charge (front / back-end load), foreign exchange spread, or expense ratio?
Is there anything I can do to prepare myself for the tax consequences of selling investments to buy a house?
How to start a business when you owe the IRS and Everyone else?
Do I need to keep paper records for my business?
Can the IRS freeze a business Bank account?
Paying taxes on income earned in the US, but from a company based in Norway
Long term saving: Shares, Savings Account or Fund
Why does the principal/interest applied to my balance fluctuate in spite of making payments on-time?
Does buying/selling a stock for a loss count as income?
How should I move out of my own house?
Is there a difference between managerial accounting and financial accounting?
Am I exposed to currency risk when I invest in shares of a foreign company that are listed domestically?
Why do banks want you to pay off interest before principal?
What rules must your broker follow when buying/selling shares for you at the market price?
Transfer large amount of money from one Wells Fargo account to another
What extra information might be obtained from the next highest bids in an order book?
Is there a term that better describes a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) when it is negative?
How is the dividend payment calculated when an asset is disposed on the ex date?
Does market maker buy when nobody else is buying and sell when nobody else is selling?
Is there a U.K. prepaid card having SWIFT, BIC, or IBAN codes, for money transfer?
Does total US public debt include state debt?
What is a weak long in the stock market?
Can a trade happen "in between" the bid and ask price?
How to quickly track daily cash expenses that don't come with a receipt?
What is the reasonable amount yearly for a Hospitalization + Disability Income + Critical Illness Insurance?
Federal 30% Solar panel rebate this year v.s. "business" expense (W9 the contractor?)
How to report my revenue from Apple iAds and App Store sales, without an invoice?
Does the bid price of a stock change depending on which brokerage I am using?
Is there a Yahoo Finance ticker for NYMEX Crude Oil Front Month?
What report format can be used to motivate a young adult to learn about investments?
Is there a service to find the best & least expensive term life insurance?
Is having a Critical Illness Insurance worth it?
Paying Off Debt: When CC Companies Won't Reduce APR
How to teach personal reconciliation and book balancing
Why would analysts recommend buying companies with negative net income?
Pay team mates out of revenues on my name
If I use stock as collateral for a loan and I default, does the bank pay taxes when they sell my stock?
Black & Scholes article : option pricing
Does a corporation pay same capital gains tax as an individual?
Account number on form W9
How is a probability cone read?
Can I write off time I spent working on my business?
Do you have to be mega-rich to invest in companies pre-IPO?
Prepaid credit/debit card for a foreigner visiting the US
What is the "Short sale circuit breaker rule"?
Gauge the strength of the resistance level of a stock just using EMA
Understanding signal line crossover vs zero line crossover in MACD
Rationale behind using 12, 26 and 9 to calculate MACD
Is it possible to take advantage of exceptions to early withdrawal penalties on a 401(k)?
Getting my first Credit Card
What is a good price to "Roll" a Covered Call?
How many IRAs can I open/add-to/purchase in a given year for my family?
Building Credit with Credit Card
Is there a country that uses the term "dollar" for currency without also using "cents" as fractional monetary units?
Taxes and part-time consulting
Why does heavy volume indicate the strength of a trend?
Why does the calculation for percentage profit vary based on whether a position is short vs. long?
Is there any reason to not request a CC limit increase?
Getting around Gift Tax in US
My parent claimed me as a dependent on their 2012 taxes. Do I have to claim their income on my FAFSA?
Is a lease still binding if not all of the parties sign it?
Can I make a graph of savings in Quicken?
How can I deposit USD money in my Australian checking account while incurring as small a fee as possible?
Best S&P 500 index tracker available in EU countries?
How do euro hedged index funds work?
Why are taxes on actively managed funds higher than those on index funds?
Cheapest way to trade ETF and mutual funds in UK for an ISA account?
What do people mean when they talk about the central bank providing "cheap money"? What are the implications for the stock market?
When can you use existing real estate as collateral to buy more?
In double entry accounting, how do I enter a loan?
If I get laid off after moving to a new state, will I be eligible for unemployment benefits from my old state?
Are companies in California obliged to provide invoices?
Domestic Partnership Health Insurance and Tax implications
Any Canadian tax shelter for lending to friends or family?
What will be the consequences if Negative Gearing is abolished in Australia?
Is it more tax advantageous to add an owner to a car in the event of a death, over inheriting?
Does a cash advance hurt your credit or (official) reputation in any way?
Where to find the 5 or 10 year returns for a mutual fund?
Debt sold after 5 years in collections
What happens if a collector doesn't respond to a debt validation request?
Is a debt collector allowed to make a hard inquiry on your credit report?
What is Adjustable CompLife insurance? Should I continue to pay the premium on my policy? If I stop, can I obtain any of the monies?
When determining the size of one's emergency fund, do you also count hypothetical unemployment benefits?
Does high credit utilization, coupled with paying off my balance in full each month, increase my chances of an automatic credit limit increase?
Non-tax advantaged investing over 401k situation
No Late Fee Credit Cards - What is the gotcha?
If my identity is stolen, is there another way to authenticate identity to the major credit bureaus other than my credit history?
Where do stock traders get realtime updates on Fed announcements? Is there a feed I could scrape?
What is the difference between an A+, A or A- Insurance Company?
Does an RRSP loan provide any benefit, vs. simply making monthly RRSP contributions?
Receiving online payments without disclosing my name and home address?
Where is "Cash Credit from Unsettled Activity" coming from?
How do multi-currency bank accounts work? What is the advantage?
Move self-directed RRSP account to another institution while avoiding transfer out fee?
Why don't brokerages charge commissions on forex trades?
401(k) plan/investment fees: Are they the expense ratios, or something else as well?
Can I get a tax deduction for excess post-tax 401k contributions?
Using GnuCash for accurate cost basis calculation for foreign investments (CAD primary currency)
How do credit union loans and dividends vs interest work?
How can I get a refund when I am in a country and I bought something that is based in other country?
Reporting 1099-? (takes place of 1099-G and 1099-INT) on tax return?
How does bank deposit insurance work in Singapore?
Calculating historic S&P 500 returns
Can an online store say they don't have a refund policy as part of their customer agreement?
Save a dollar for house downpayment or put it in an individual 401(k)?
Does the Fed keeping interest rates low stimulate investment in the stock market and other investments?
What are the tax implications of selling an investment property?
Is it normal to hold and pay for two apartments at once when moving?
Move from Stockholm to Ireland
What happens when a home is worth less than the amount the owner owes on the mortgage?
How can I reduce the amount of tax I will pay on the sale of an investment property?
How do IRS pre-tax commuter benefits work?
How can someone invest in areas that require you to be an accredited investor [without qualifying as an accredited investor]?
How can OTC scams affect you?
Why does my credit score bounce back and forth over a 30'ish point range?
Is there a difference between a company's profit vs earnings?
U.S. citizen hired in U.S. but working and resident abroad. How should my employer be handling my taxes?
Is it legal for a hostel to write down my debit card information for security purposes?
Can I go from a stated annual rate compounded annually to a semestral effective interest rate?
Why would a company issue a scrip dividend and how will this issue affect me?
Insurance for a house which is not homeowners insurance?
How should one structure a portfolio given the possibility that a Total Stock Market Index might decline and not recover for a long time?
What costs should I consider when planning to maintain a vacant condo for a few years?
Why would you not want to rollover a previous employer's 401(k) when changing jobs?
I just made $50K from selling my house. How should I invest the proceeds?
How do I calculate the total return on a bond series given its yields?
Am I required to have a lawyer create / oversee creation of my will?
ACH data for Deutsche Bank, Germany?
How are brokerage accounts protected from theft, computer glitches and fraud?
Discount Rate vs. IRR
Is it safer to send credit card number via unsecured website form or by e-mail? What safer options are there?
Can a Canadian resident in the US transfer funds from one RRSP to another?
Where can I find historical United States treasury note volume?
Taxes on money received from a death benefit
Tips for negotiating a rent increase (as a renter)
What is the theory behind Rick Van Ness's risk calculation in the video about diversification?
Mortgage advice needed please
What accounts for the "average" FICA payroll tax paid not being close to its 15.3% theoretical maximum?
What are the procedures or forms for a private loan with the sale of a vehicle?
U.S. citizen, working for U.S. company, living in Mexico: Where do I pay taxes?
How many days does Bank of America need to clear a bill pay check
When purchasing an IRA, should I contribute to a previously-opened one, or open a new one?
How to calculate dividend yield for the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) index?
Why would I want a diversified portfolio, versus throwing my investments into an index fund?
Forex, trading "currencies" or trading "relations"?
American living abroad and not working for an American company - tax reporting and bank accounts
Why do mutual funds and ETFs in the U.S. not capitalize dividends?
What software and make charts, screen stocks, like in this answer?
How to get the opening price of all NSE equities before the market close?
How to quantify the cost of your Credit Score?
Calculate the after tax cost of 403(b) contributions?
Do I need an ITIN to submit form W8BEN when required by the payer?
How and Where can I easily pull data for the Dow 30?
If I exercise underwater ISOs, can I claim a loss?
Is business the only way to become a millionaire?
Can a non-California resident have CA licence plates & driver's licence without risking being deemed a resident for tax purposes?
Annuities of a non-annual time span
Is accepting a pension cashout (either on retirement or termination of employment) better than an annuity?
What are "credit" transactions I see in my credit card bill?
Are there any disadvantages to DHA Investment Properties?
Is it better not to compartmentalize savings for multiple financial goals and better to imagine it as a single corpus?
What is a reasonable credit limit?
When would one actually want to use a market order instead of a limit order?
How do banks prevent fraud in international wire transfers?
Questions about government bonds that have already matured
Should I cancel an existing credit card so I can open another that has rewards?
Where do web sites get foreign exchange currency rate / quote information?
What are good investments to use as hedges when the Federal Reserve draws down quantitative easing?
Filing personal with 1099s versus business s-corp?
Due to the repeal of DOMA, can I exclude imputed income if I amend prior year returns?
Common-law separation, splitting savings/debt
What type of pension should I get?
In your 20s how much money should you have and how to properly use & manage it?
Former company didn't yet process my 401k rollover. What is considered timely, and are they obliged to process it?
Should I move my UK ISA balance into an Australian savings account prior to emigrating?
Shelter personal corporation dividends in a TFSA?
How to record existing double entries in GnuCash
Rate of change of beta
Do I have to pay taxes in the US if my online store sells to US customers even though I don't live in the US?
Investing: P/E Ratio basic question
What is the difference between a structured collar and a normal collar in finance?
Why does quantitative easing negatively affect stocks?
Loan-with-PMI vs other loan: which is best to pay down
Processing PayPal transactions Via GNUCash
Why doesn't changing the Discount Rate change IRR?
How do I calculate income tax on income that includes freelancing?
How can I get a current account for working as a freelance event manager?
Do transaction fees for mutual funds apply when purchasing additional shares?
Is writing out the entire spelling of the cents on a check acceptable?
Can I claim the foreign earned income exclusion for remote work?
Joint account that requires all signatures of all owners to withdraw money?
Verification of student loan amounts
How do I sell a home that's owned jointly if my partner doesn't want to sell?
Are coupons from bond ETFs reinvested?
Capital Gains Tax - Does this apply only to the actual "gains" or to the entire amount of my sale?
Sanity check on recommendations from a financial advisor
Adding some more value to some existing fixed asset
How many weeks of living expenses does the average American have savings for?
How to start investing/thinking about money as a young person?
Do I have to pay taxes on money sent to me in the US by wire transfer from another country?
What is the difference between "withdrawal" and "distribution" from a 401(k)?
Does there exist a kind of loan where no part of principal is paid, while interest is still paid?
How do freight derivatives like Forward Freight Agreements (FFAs) work?
Which is the most liquid market for trading?
How does spot-futures arbitrage work in the gold market?
Concerning ETF that do dividend reinvestment for you. Is that taxable?
Mortgage vs. Cash for U.S. home buy now
ITIN application rejected, and IRS lost one of our passports. How to get back the lost passport?
Incorporating, issuing stock and evaluating it
How to distribute additional deposits in my CD ladder?
BMO Long Federal Bond Index ETF
Shared mortgage ownership
Why does low interest rate prevent bankruptcy and foreclosure?
In the event of a corporate spin-off, how can I calculate the correct cost basis for each company's shares?
What does it mean that a mutual fund is some percentage "short in cash" or "long in cash"?
Why do 10 year Treasury bond yields affect mortgage interest rates?
Is it ok to request a chargeback for an insurance premium?
cross-currency accounting
Claiming Allowances on W4, based on my household
How can I create a debit card online outside of the US?
How do you maintain your personal financial account #s and passwords?
Why does my checking/savings account offer a higher interest rate than a standalone savings account?
Are mutual funds a good choice for a medium to low risk investment with a two year horizon?
U.S. credit/debit card for non-U.S. citizens to use on e-commerce sites to buy digital goods, e.g. ebooks?
Comparison of cellphone connectivity options
What do I use for the article number and % rate on the W-8BEN form, for publishing & selling my ebooks?
Can a stock exchange company actually go bust?
Bids and asks in case of market order
Is the delivery price of a forward contract different from the forward price?
ESPP in the UK - worth it? Disqualifying / qualifying sales?
Saving money in college while paying for college
Can you buy out a pink sheet listed company by purchasing all of the oustanding shares?
What to enter on the check ordering form?
Buying life insurance at the age of 25
How does the 10 year U.S. Treasury bond work?
What else should I file along with a 1040x for when I was misclassified?
How much principal do I get back with a target-maturity ETF?
Quicken "EFT" vs "TXFR"
When must a health insurance plan provide contraceptive coverage under PPACA?
Do the proceeds from selling an option immediately convert to buying power in a margin account?
W-4 Allowances - IRS Calculator
Qualifying income for Roth IRA for a child?
Alternative to mint.com
Are there debit cards tied to commodities?
A non-US citizen getting a US credit card
Can a gift be re-gifted before a Chapter 7 Bankruptcy?
Teaching school kids about money - what are the real life examples of math, budgeting, finance?
What is the difference between a Loan, a Lien, and a Mortgage?
Are there fees or penalties for holding less than $10K in a Vanguard Admiral Shares fund?
Why do interest rates increase or decrease?
How to calculate tax amounts withheld on mixed pre-tax and Roth 401(k) contributions, and match?
Income in a country that does not tax foreign residents and living in a country that does not tax foreign income
India Income Tax: Need to Pay Tax on Savings Account Interest for FY 2012-13 Or Not?
Why should I trust investment banks' ratings?
ITIN received but original passport not received after 100 days. What to do?
How long will it take for my credit score to reflect my name having been taken off a mortgage?
Do I need to collect GST/PST for providing software services to companies outside of Canada?
How do brokers handle "hidden" stock orders?
How can one relatively easily show that low expense ratio funds outperform high expense ratio funds?
Can I bring a real estate agent with me after my first visit to a new home?
How to determine fair market value for a home donated to a fire department for training exercises?
What is the amount of extra interest I have to pay along with my tax due?
Why would a person not want to purchase a Personal Liability (Umbrella) insurance policy?
What factors you have do you count on to speculate effectively?
What is this kind of price graph called, and what is it useful for?
How are dividends for shareholders of banks paid?
How do banks fail if they do not have capital problem but only have liquidity problem when Fed exists?
What could happen to Detroit Municipal bonds because of Detroit's filing for bankruptcy?
What's the easiest/best way to be informed of a Director selling shares of a company on London's AIM market?
How do share buybacks work?
Is the price of a long-term STRIP typically higher than that of a short-term STRIP?
Why would a car company lend me money at a very low interest rate?
Would a mortgage lender consider our savings in CDs to be as good as cash?
How can my friend in the U.K. cheaply transfer money to me in Israel?
I received some good advice recently, but what if you don't want to retire?
Can someone recommend a book that discusses the differences between types of financial statements?
Need help with my financial situation/life, very unhappy
Should I just pay off my car and student loans?
Temporarily reduce 401k contributions to help save for a downpayment?
OTC Markets, Time, and Trading
What is the secondary market like for diamond jewelry?
Automatic bill payment - direct deposit or automatic checks through mail?
Does an industry 'standard' have any affect on when a stock might split?
Do any banks issue one-per-vendor credit card aliases / unique numbers?
Is "AGI" the same thing as "taxable income"?
How does a preferred share "Annual Concurrent Retraction Privilege" work?
How do I handle taxes on a very large "gift" from my employers?
How do I calculate tax liability on the turnover of a small vendor?
Do credit checks by mortgage companies affect my credit score?
Is a divorce buy-out of a house a taxable event?
Will a stop-limit-on-quote execute in extended trading?
Using a HELOC as downpayment
Does money received from the estate of a deceased parent count as income?
How do I find the value of British Energy Nuclear Power Notes?
How to enable my employer to pay for resident taxes/FICA they did not deduct from paycheck
As a beginner investor, should I start investing with mutual funds through my bank, or with an online broker?
How do I tell the Canada Revenue Agency that they're sending someone else's documents to my address?
Over contribution to 401K between two employers, and maximizing employer match?
How much capital gains tax is due on the sale of a home if most income comes from Social Security?
How should one account for inflation when planning retirement savings and withdrawals?
Where can I find recent information about which major shareholders changed their positions in a given stock?
What can I expect to pay when meeting my first financial planner?
Tax considerations for selling a property below appraised value to family?
What happens to my credit history if I pay before my credit card bill is generated?
Is buying or selling goods for gold or silver considered taxable?
How to cancel an online order and get a refund back from a U.S. service provider?
How do I account for money paid to colleagues out of my professional income?
What's the purpose of having separate checking and savings accounts?
Should withheld income tax be included as income?
Alternative to a financial planner?
How does the US federal income tax system work?
Am I still building a credit score if I use my credit card like a debit card?
Are there any tax benefits for job-related expenses?
Will I have to pay taxes in India when I transfer money from a US bank to an Indian bank (Different a/c holders)?
Does the Federal Reserve have the power to buy municipal bonds through quantitative easing?
How do I avoid paying higher taxes on freelance work in the UK?
What are the pros and cons of setting up a 529 plan for myself?
Specifically, what does the Google Finance average volume indicate?
Are low commission trading sites safe?
How do I pay taxes on earnings from the sale of my Android app?
What happens if my order exceeds the bid or ask sizes?
How do I get my name removed from a co-signed car loan?
Collecting Dividends while insulating volatility through options?
How does purchasing your own country's currency as part of a currency pair work?
If my credit card payment is due in 3 days time, will anything I order today have to be paid by then too?
How do I enter a house sale into my accounting package?
If I have a lot of debt and the housing market is rising, should I rent and slowly pay off my debt or buy and roll the debt into a mortgage?
How does selling rights issues work in practice?
What basic information should I know before obtaining a credit card?
What do the terms par value, purchase price, call price, call date, and coupon rate mean in the context of bonds?
If I contribute to my spouse's RRSP, is every dollar of my contribution tax deductible?
Should I finance a car to build credit for a mortgage next year?
What's the best gold investment strategy for a Singapore resident?
Tax implications for a 100% 401k contribution limit
How do I evaluate a potential investment in rental property?
Is it normal to have 28.5% of various income taxes deducted from my paycheck?
Are there any tax deductions I can claim if my in-laws move in with me temporarily?
Why can employees under 21 enroll in 401(k) plans?
How do I estimate my taxes when I have only 1099 income?
Can I depreciate a car given to me?
What is the basis of an asset that is never depreciated?
Is it bad practice to invest in stocks that fluctuate by single points throughout the day?
How does PayPal remove money from your credit card account?
Which is a better method for keeping my credit utilization low: spending less or getting a credit limit raise?
How do I apply for a mortgage after a cash closing on a property?
What steps can an independent contractor take to force a company to send him his last payment?
Can anyone in India get a credit card?
What are NSCC illiquid charges?
How much higher should my APR be than my rate?
How do I calculate the percentage to add to a credit card invoice?
Where does most of a salary go?
Do I need to claim the sale of a used car on my taxes if I received the car as a gift?
Will I face withdrawal penalties if my payroll processing company reverses an incorrect 401K contribution?
Am I really house poor?
How do I deal with a collection agent who refused to state a reason for calling?
How can my Canadian friend send me money in the United States?
Does the Foreign Tax Credit cancel out all US tax liability?
Is there a tax burden by selling IRA then paying back within 60 days?
Can company owners use lay offs to prevent restricted stock from vesting before an acquisition?
What is an "at close order" in the stock market?
Are there any circumstances in which unvested employer 401(k) contributions revert to the employee?
Where can I find a list of all reverse listings on European stock exchanges for a specific period?
How did a fradulent charge get on my credit card?
What are stock indexed funds and how do they lower taxes?
How mistake-proof is the process for receiving an Tangerine email money transfer?
If I put in a limit order for the same price and size as someone else, which order goes through?
Can a foreign bank manager name me as the kin of a deceased customer if I don't know the person?
Can a US bank prevent you from making early payments to the principal on a home mortgage?
What is the tax treatment of scrip dividends in the UK?
Condo Purchase - Tax Strategies [US]
How come the Russell 2000 has only 1974 stocks in the newly updated list?
How effective are hotel condos for investment properties?
What is a normal amount of money to spend per week on food/entertainment/clothing?
Should I activate my new credit card if my name is misspelled on it?
How do car market price companies get their data?
Does a non-vested company contribution count towards the annual 401(k) limit?
Is the age of my parents' credit card helping my credit more than the balance is hurting it?
What happens if a bank loses your safe deposit box?
Personal Allowance in the UK - Are immigrants entitled to it?
Should I be concerned about a loan refinance offer that adds $1000 to my loan in exchange for $1000 in cash?
How do pension contributions and gift aid alter your personal allowance (and hence tax code)?
For most loans, do you pay interest on the principal or amount remaining?
What are my options for paying off the large balance of my federal, high interest student loans?
What are the 'special rules' for opening a bank/credit union account if you are a foreign person?
What are the tax ramifications of an Australian citizen purchasing mortgage notes secured by California real estate?
When I sell an OTC stock, do I have to check the volume of my sale in order to avoid an NSCC illiquid charge?
How to account for personal baby sitter?
Why do most U.S. companies pay their dividends quarterly, as opposed to annually?
What should I consider before buying a condo under construction, for flipping at a profit?
How do CDIC savings insurance work?
How does order matching happen in stock exchanges?
Am I always guaranteed to get my principal back if I purchase a bond?
What should I be aware of when renting a home to a corporation instead of an individual?
Getting a loan to buy a second house from family in India
What is the most efficient way to transfer money from the UK to a US account also in my name?
How to get information on e.g. bonds apart from obscure abbreviations?
Are there any tax concerns with small periodic vs larger less frequent contributions?
How can I challenge or confirm a shady home appraisal?
Can I claim a tax credit on money I send to India for my parents' healthcare?
What is an exercise price in regards to restricted stock awards?
Where can I buy bonds and other securities other than stocks?
What foreign exchange rate is used for foreign credit card and bank transactions?
What does the term alias mean in the context of payment cards?
Will being a guarantor impact my ability to rent an apartment for myself?
Can I somehow claim my live-in brother- and sister-in-law on my taxes?
Is there an online service that provides public company information through a public API?
I'm self-employed, should I contribute to a SEP-IRA or a Solo 401k?
Do I have to order checks from my bank or can I buy them from a local printer?
I'm a college student. Can I afford to buy this new car?
How does an eviction affect a guarantor's credit score?
When does a pricing error become false advertising?
Does a stock's price represent current liquidation of all shares?
Evaluating a Job Offer: Defined Benefit Retirement vs 401K is the salary increase enough to make the move
Can we estimate the impact of a large buy order on the share price?
Can I claim a US tax benefit if I'm paying a mortgage on an Indian property through an Indian bank?
What considerations are there for making investments on behalf of a friend?
Which earnings can be withdrawn when making an in-service withdrawal from a 401k?
Is there a most efficient way to pay off multiple loans with the same interest rate?
What is the role of expense tracking in the long term?
401k early withdrawal impact on unemployment benefits
Upside-down mortgage - pay it down or invest elsewhere?
Employer wants a key man insurance policy on me, should I agree?
Should insurance pay me tax (hst) on top of the quote for home repairs?
What taxes do I pay on interest earned on a savings or GIC account?
What capital gains taxes do non-resident Canadian citizens owe?
Does the IRS give some help or leniency to first-time taxpayers?
How can net profit be positive when expected payoff is negative?
Is it possible for a bank to initiate an incoming wire transfer?
Which state do you pay taxes in if you work in a different state than your employer? Specifically, if you live DC and work for a company in New York?
What is the optimal way to calculate tax: apply tax to each item, then sum the prices, or sum the prices, then apply tax? When are prices rounded?
Where can I find P/E and CAPE data for different sectors, countries and market capitalizations
Why would people sell a stock below the current price?
How can I pay a vendor using a wire transfer from my credit card?
I plan on receiving a $200,000 personal loan via wire transfer. Do I have to report this to the IRS?
In double entry accounting, how does income become equity?
In a rising market, is it better to opt for a fixed energy tariff or not?
Do jumbo loan limits apply to the amount borrowed or to the property price? Can I avoid a jumbo with a higher down payment?
Chase auto-pay enrolled but don't remember doing so
Can I add PMI to my principal balance when I take out a mortgage?
How to pay bills for one month while waiting for new job?
If I give my daughter $57K for her mortgage down payment and closing costs, will I owe taxes on the gift?
Loan from Canada to UK
How does investors' finders fee work in the USA?
When does giving a gift "count" for tax year?
Company gets rid of bonus structure and replaces it with cash and options. What gives?
Can I do a Roth 401k rollover to Roth IRA and withdraw contributions I've made this year?
How do I get my passport back from the IRS?
Help with calculation of interest on a security deposit on a rented house?
What's the difference between a 457(b) and a 403(b) retirement plan?
If mortgage payments are deductible, how much of my income is left over each month after the mortgage
How can I remove personal loans from my credit report?
Can a parent open a 529 for a minor?
How are employer matched contributions handled in rollover from Roth 401k to Roth IRA?
How do markets "factor in" a future event?
What is the class of mail the IRS uses to return the original documents submitted for an ITIN application?
Can a US citizen living abroad with a permanent US address use that address to open a portfolio account?
Are bank accounts linked to your address?
Periodicity in stock charts
Can I use 0% Intro APR for getting a car loan?
Why aren't Paypal donations allowed in some parts of Europe?
What is the maximum amount of money I can send from the US to India per year?
Where to borrow money between college graduation and employment?
Incorporating real-world parameters into simulated(paper) trading
What does "first, last and deposit" mean when looking for an apartment?
Understanding my pension plan
What does "/" and "^" mean in ticker symbols? How to translate these symbols into yahoo?
Tax implications in India for sending money to India from US
What is a formula for calculating equity accumulated while repaying car loan?
Should I purchase company stock through my ESPP?
How to report "Business Interest Expense" in California Tax Form 540NR Schedule CA
Good expense tracking and budgeting application for India
How do Transfer Agents/Share Registrars get the names of beneficiary shareholders
Does dollar cost averaging into a bond fund mitigate rising interest rate risk?
How do taxes work with donations made to an individual, e.g. for free software I wrote?
Stock sale cost basis calculations for 2013, now that rules changed, is FIFO or another method the smartest financially?
How to calculate the proportion interest/principal of this fortnightly (bi-weekly) loan payment?
How do I calculate sales tax to many items?
How do banks feel about loaning money to independent IT contractors for a home mortgage?
I've got $100K to invest over the next 2 to 7 years. What are some good options?
Minimize capital gains on sale of investment/rental property
As a first time home buyer looking for a mortgage, are there financial advisers to help me through the process?
If I expect to have little earned income in a few years, should I prefer a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA now?
For a sole trader, what is the benefit of using a business bank account?
Is my mortgage more likely to be sold if I pre-pay principal?
Does California tax personal K-1 income from an out-of-state partnership?
Can my broker lock my cash account if I try to use the money from a stock sale during the three-day settlement period?
How to deal with a landlord charging more than what is specified in the lease when I break the lease?
Can wire transfers be reversed? Is there a law or regulation providing for it?
Any other options for cash-out/construction loans?
Are there bond funds that hold all of their bonds to maturity?
Are there extra fees for a PayPal Premier account?
Are S-Corp tax savings irrelevant at a high level of business income?
Negative properties of continuously compounded returns
How to lower my rent when it is listed as less than what I am paying
Business partner says a wire transfer is being "reviewed" by Homeland Security. Is this normal?
Corporate structure for sole purpose of gambling.... LLC vs S Corp?
US income taxes for an Indian citizen with US-sourced income
How to determine the final value of a U.S. Savings Bond at maturity?
Calculating required rate of return for an income-generating savings account
Choosing a vehicle to invest a kid's money on their behalf (college, etc.)?
What options exists for a group of people to collect money in a secure way?
I don't live in America. How can I buy IPO stock of newly listed companies in the United States?
Have there been "flash bubbles"?
How to find the smallest transaction fees and commissions available and reduce trading overhead?
Why have U.S. bank interest rates been so low for the past few years?
How long will I have to wait to get a mortgage after the short sale of my house?
Do retail traders get any advantage from learning methods of mathematical of finance?
Tax consequences of a Cashier Check made to me?
Is my financial plan for buying a house logically sound
Should I pay off more of my principal before selling my house?
Using a current house as collateral for a loan to buy another house
When driving in the USA, how do I insure against large third party claims?
How to record the finding of 10 dollars lying on the street and their subsequent placement into one's wallet (in gnucash)?
Salary account in gnucash: charge vs. income // example transactions
How do you calculate the P/E ratio by industry?
If you own 1% of a company's stock, are you entitled to 1% of its assets?
If I buy a share from myself at a higher price, will that drive the price up so I can sell all my shares the higher price?
How does the Pension system work in Poland?
Would it be wise to add a person to the Title of my property to obtain a loan?
Method for calculating the wisest amount of liability to purchase for car & home insurance?
Opening personal bank account in Marbella, as a non-EU resident
W2 vs 1099 Employee status
Who gets the periodic payments when an equity is sold on an repurchase agreement?
What are some strategies to determine how much I should spend on rent when I have a lot of savings?
If I lose 20%, what rate of return do I need to break even?
Never filed FBAR in 17 yrs and now need to cash out RRSP
What's the benefit of a credit card with an annual fee, vs. a no-fee card?
How should I handle student loans when leaving University and trying to buy a house?
Do employer RRSP contributions show up as income on my T4?
Stock market vs. baseball card trading analogy
Does the Canada Revenue Agency (CRA) tax other income at the marginal tax rate?
Why I can't view my debit card pre-authorized amounts?
Do dividend quotes for U.S. stocks include witheld taxes?
How does it work when the same ETF is listed on several stock exchanges?
Gift Tax owed on the transfer of a Home Equity Loan
Tax Consequences of a Gift
Consult as an individual or as a company?
What does "basis points" mean in this context?
Tax ID for an international student investing in U.S stocks
Questrade - What happens if I buy U.S. stock with Canadian money?
Can my own corporation deduct my expenses even if I am a full time employee?
Making good use of the (optional) Num column in gnucash? "name-of-counterparty" column
Moving mid-year to a no-state-income-tax state (Indiana to Washington)
Looking at Options Liquidity: what makes some stocks so attractive for options traders?
Does it make sense to buy an index ETF (e.g. S&P 500) when the index is at an all-time high?
How many home purchase loans can a non-resident Indian get in India?
I sublet my flat. What should I put when scholarships ask me for the owner's contact information?
US tax liability for a non-resident with a US LLC that does business in the US
What does the average log-return value of a stock mean?
Why are mortgage interest and taxes considered tax deductible?
Can I invest in local businesses and infrastructure?
Why can low volume move a stock price drastically?
Process for dissolving a recently-opened Colorado LLC?
Do I need to refile taxes after receiving late K-1?
Annuities question - Equations of value
Calculating a stock's price target
Ways to save for child's college education where one need not commit to set contributions?
What effect would currency devaluation have on my investments?
Transfer mortgage between two different properties without penalties
Why is a coin an asset whereas a note is a liability on the Federal Reserve's balance sheet?
Inflation rates to expect over the next 30 years, 401k planning
What does Capital Surplus mean?
Can Japanese banks receive payments via IBAN?
Tax implications of lump sum vs monthly payments
Opening American credit cards while residing in the UK
How are futures contracts setup at an exchange?
Exercise ISO or NSO in solo 401k?
With max contributions possible, what are the advantages of an IRA over a solo 401k?
Where can I find historical data on home equity loan rates?
Is a "total stock market" index fund diverse enough alone?
Bank account in Germany for non-residents?
Do my parents need to purchase long-term care insurance?
Can I receive payments (EUROS) from my International clients in my savings bank account in India for my business services
Retirement accounts for non-working spouse
Is money from selling an investment property taxed at the marginal rate?
Will life insurance be a problem if I go from full time to contract and back to full time?
What corporation tax am I required to pay as an independent contractor?
Is real estate considered a depreciable asset?
As an independent contractor, should I always charge the client the GST/HST?
Do I need to file taxes jointly with my girlfriend if we live together?
If my fiance gifts me $18K and we get married before the end of the year will the gift tax apply?
How can contractors recoup taxation-related expenses?
What is the difference between "term life" and "term life with group rates" insurance?
What are the time limits on a 401k direct rollover?
Historic (CAGR) of DJIA, S&P500, NASDAQ
Tax Implications of Renting a property
Is there a difference on how the property is divided during the divorce based on gender, in the U.S.?
How do you find the value of a physical product over a period of time?
What exactly is BATS Chi-X Europe?
Should the cost of using public transit get deducted from my personal income or my corporations' income?
What income bracket(s) are eligible for the GST/HST credit in Ontario?
How is the Canada Employment Amount tax credit calculated?
Why does paying out all corporate income as salary reduces the risk of being labeled a personal service business?
Does it make sense to incur a business expense just because it can be deducted?
Is financial assistance of CAD 3000 to an international student visiting Canada for research for less than 3 months considered taxable?
Should I File a W-4 Next Year If I File One In The Middle Of This Year?
What is the difference between pre-tax and post-tax paycheck deductions?
Which tax year does a bonus fall under?
Should I always hold short term bonds till maturity?
FHA with 15% down and PMI
Are Bond Coupons reinvested at YTM
Margin account: how to calculate the stock price that might trigger a liquidation of positions?
What does the business term 'blue sky laws' mean?
Explain: "3% annual cost of renting is less than the 9% annual cost of owning"
Trading US stocks from India
Tax-advantaged retirement savings options for someone with no 401(k) and high income
US sales tax refund for international tourists/visitors?
How does remittance work? How does it differ from direct money transfer?
Can I start a home based business with an online company, if I owe back taxes?
Special bank account required for a LLC?
How is "Balance Subject To Interest Rate" calculated?
Automatically splitting payments between people
As a US Permanent Resident, how much money I can send from the US to India in my NRE account per year?
It is ok if I under-report my cost basis for certain securities?
I'm thinking about selling some original artwork: when does the government start caring about sales tax and income tax and such?
Are there any investment strategies which take advantage of an in-the-money option price that incorporates no "time value"?
Is there any public data available to determine an ETF's holdings?
Do dark pools have to declare the volume transacted at the end of the day?
Track expense memos and payees in GnuCash?
Why are there hidden bids and offers in the US stock market for the more illiquid stocks?
Why hedge when one can simply reduce the position size?
Why did prices of Treasury securities go up when US lost its AAA credit rating in 2011?
Help me understand Forex in Interactive Brokers
100% Contribution to 401K / Payroll Taxes
Accounting Question - How Capital Investments are Tracked?
Why are options created?
How to reconcile final payment on installment sale for IRS form 6252?
Gift tax on investment property bought below appraisal value from a non-related person?
Is a broker's fee equivalent to one month's rent reasonable in San Francisco?
In a hedge fund, what is a "Partner"?
Should regular withdrawals come from equities account or fixed return account?
How to declare/deduct owner occupied multi-unit property that only owner occupied one year, but is partially rented the next?
If I haven't filed in 2 years, does year 1's refund automatically apply to year 2 and prevent penalty?
Adding a sale condition to a new mortgage
Question about large capital gain
Is it worth the trouble to enter a contest with a non-cash prize?
What's the maximum single withdrawal amount from an ANZ bank ATM in Laos?
My employer is switching 401k plan providers. How might this work in practice?
When filing MFS (US), do I need my separated spouses W-2?
What is the formula for the Tesla Finance calculation?
Possibly an error on my credit report, what can I do?
How much money am I allowed to transfer to India into my own Indian account as a non-Indian foreigner?
Does selling mixed-term stocks with a LIFO tax strategy make sense?
Does long term asset growth really converge to that derived from compound interest formula?
Will foreigners using a US broker to buy non-US stocks be subjected to 30% withholding tax on dividends?
How to calculate the closing price percentage change for a stock?
Can I connect a PayPal account to a business bank account instead of a personal bank account?
Can I estimate other people's credit limit at the grocery store?
How to find SEC filings that are important to stock market
Desktop application equivalent to Mint.com?
401k tax advantage vs lower fees in taxable account
How does the Patient Affordable Care Act (aka "ObamaCare") affect my taxes?
Are tax federal or state tax refunds taxable in the next tax year?
What to do with DB pension funds after leaving company in late 20's?
What kind of legal agreement do I need to obligate myself to pay 1/2 of a mortgage
I had to pay an adjustment and interest on an old state tax return. How do I account for this on my later return(s)?
Economic way to transfer money from China to U.S.?
Change rates between RMB and U.S. dollars for money transfer between China and U.S
Does money borrowed from other people in U.S. need to be reported in tax report?
What is Loss Assessment Coverage?
TOCOM oil in USD
Do I have to pay tax in US when my stay extends 183 days. I don't earn in US
Mutual fund net expense ratio greater than gross expense ratio
What price index should I consider when saving?
Where can I find a good online fundamental data provider for Hong Kong stocks?
I have a loan with a 6.5% interest rate. Should I divert money into my 401(k) instead of prepaying?
Former company acquired. Do I have to move my 401K investments, or can I leave them?
Is the very long-term growth of the stock market bound by aggregate net income?
What happens with an international transfer in a different currency than my own?
What should I do with the change in my change-jar?
Can I make PayPal release pending balance on personal payment sooner than 30 days?
How to work around the Owner Occupancy Affidavit to buy another home in less than a year?
Rolling over a mixed 401k (Traditional and Roth) to a Roth IRA
Do CFD providers withhold liquidity in a market panic?
Can you legally refuse to accept out-of-state income after quitting a job?
When to liquidate mutual funds for a home downpayment
Tax consequences for commingled money rolled over from 401k to Traditional IRA to Roth IRA
How does a mint determine the face value of precious metal coins and what does it mean?
Exercising GM warrant
Meaning of "Provision of Collateral"
Peer to peer lending business model (i.e. Lending Club)
Does a balance transfer from a credit card affect our credit score?
Is there a law requiring that some amount be held when sending money out of the US?
Can I buy mutual funds from more than one company with multiple Roth IRA accounts?
financial statement
Why does Yahoo miss some mutual fund dividends/capital gains?
Invoice for solicitors fees when selling house in the UK
If the creditor goes bankrupt, am I still required to pay back the principal I owe?
What legal actions should I take to get tuition fees refunded after the school went bankrupt?
Where I can find the exact time when a certain company's stock will be available in the secondary market?
Late payment of corporation tax UK
Clarify on some Stocks Terminology
Difference among prepaid card, prepaid debit card and debit card
What's "wrong" with taking money from your own business?
"International credit report" for French nationals?
Is it advisable to take small planned loans before going for a huge home loan?
How can I debit money to Accounts Receivable in Gnucash without raising an invoice?
Why should I report extra income from a side-job to the IRS?
Filing late taxes in October
How to calculate micro lot leverage?
Social security "bonus" for married retirees?
Does it make economic sense to get a cheaper online degree rather than a traditional college degree?
Will paying off a credit card early affect my credit score?
Who writes option contracts and when do they get written?
Elderly person selling mutual fund?
Why would a stock opening price differ from the offering price?
Taking a car loan vs cash and effect on credit score
Mailed in One-time Payment by Check
What is the best way to stay risk neutral when buying a house with a mortgage?
Where to find site with earnings calendar?
Freelancer in India working for Swiss Company
Difference between full and mini futures contract
Mutual fund invests in mostly the same stuff as ETF, but has much higher expense ratio? (biotech sector)
standard method for learning more about a specific sector? (particularly biotech sector)
Whole life insurance - capped earnings
First time investing advice (Canada)
How can I see the holdings of a mutual fund?
When offered options as part of a package from a 2 year old startup, how is the strike price derived?
Tax free savings or mutual funds (Canada)
Are wage loss insurance programs worth the cost compared to having an emergency fund?
Why hasn't public key encryption or one time password been introduced to battle online card fraud?
Does a stay at home mom need term life insurance?
What questions should I ask a mortgage broker when refinancing a condo in Wisconsin?
Should I pay the student loan now classified as bad debts
What would stop someone from taking advantage of wide bid-offer spreads in extended hours trading via short selling?
Should I attempt to consolidate my own debt, or hire a professional? (Are there caveats to consolidating your own debt?)
How can I find data on delisted stocks?
Credit Card vs Personal line of Credit
How to calculate Social Security benefits if retiring before the early Social Security age?
Is it possible for the average person to profit on the stock market?
Money transfer from Australia to India - avoid receiving ends service tax
How to treat multiple currencies in global asset allocation?
Can you use external money to pay trading commissions in tax-free and tax-deferred accounts?
Using Loan to Invest - Paying Monthly Installments by Selling Originally Bought Shares
How can I buy U.S.-listed stock as a South African?
How can a UK citizen recently living in the U.S. establish a U.S. credit rating?
What would the broker do about this naked call option?
How do I get a debt settlement letter to agencies to erase bad credit details on the three reporting agencies?
Self employed as IT consultant and as massage therapist: Do I need 2 HST numbers?
What criteria should I think about as I evaluate UK trading platforms?
Order to sell bond / stock at one of two prices crossed, rather than one price
Is the mortgage interest calculated on original principal or remaining principal
Can a husband and wife who are both members of the same LLC file a joint tax return?
How can I self report and undo Roth IRA contributions, due to exceeding the AGI limit?
How do capital gains count towards gross income on your tax return?
Question about data from FTSE 100
Can I rollover my traditional IRA $ to another IRA in my spouse's name?
Why would I not rollover my 401k into an IRA when permitted?
Are individual securities transactions archived by the U.S. government?
Calculating IRR when you have reserves
Who gets how many shares when an IPO is oversubscribed?
Does dividend on 401(k) have any effect on gains
First time home buyer using IRA
the move from Primary market to secondary mark
Using Loan to Invest - Paying Monthly Installments with Monthly Income
Can i transfer money via Indian bank atm to citibank account?
Market percentage growth per timeframe
Are 'no interest if paid in in x months' credit cards worth it?
Who pays the fee on a NYC no-fee co-broke apartment rental?
If a bond has a par value of 1000 and a monthly coupon rate of 3.650%, do I get $36.5 every month until maturity?
California state taxes on Health Savings Accounts
Do insurance companies pay for court appearance?
Can you sell on the settlement date?
Rectify demand outstanding in India when tax was already paid
Can future rental income be applied to present debt-to-income ratio when applying for second mortgage?
Will I have to pay tax in India for a transfer into my account from the US?
What do "cake and underwear" stocks refer to?
ESPP cost basis and taxes
What is the best way to borrow money to consolidate our multiple outstanding mortgages?
Does SIPC protect securities purchased in foreign exchanges?
Why does Google Finance show the NASDAQ Composite way up but Yahoo! Finance shows it slightly down?
Confusion about 401k and Roth 401k
Are loans that charge a fixed interest amount based on original principal throughout the loan still used? If so Where?
Futures contract month code
How do I calculate the quarterly returns of a stock index?
Capital gains taxes on share of inherited property?
Losses and costs of selling mutual funds in U.S
Complete Opposite Calculations and Opinions - Using Loan to Invest - Paying Monthly Installments with Monthly Income
Stop Order for Bonds
Wash sales + restricted stock in USA: grant date or vesting date?
Forward Contract Extension
Need a formula to determine monthly payments received at time t if I'm reinvesting my returns
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account (DCFSA) over-contribution rules
Is it to my advantage to refinance with an LPMI option (Lender-Paid Mortgage Insurance)?
Enquire about a missing bank account which was opened by my deceased uncle in or around 1978 in Italy?
How to invest 10k dollars, at the age of 23?
Does the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) require insurance to be paid with pre- or post-tax dollars?
Stock buyer and seller information, and abuse of anonymous markets?
Can the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) itself go bankrupt?
Can I make a final RRSP contribution after moving to the U.S.?
Spain: Cash deposit(s) into Spanish bank account taxable?
Is this understanding of S-corp taxes correct?
Do we need to provide correspondent bank information for wire transfers?
Help to understand some investment comments?
Estate liability for co-signer to Sallie Mae student loan?
Is it possible to add a person to an existing LLC?
Options: Letting it expire or sell when profiting?
What is a good time to start investing in a targeted mutual fund?
Why is that we discount all the coupons and par amount of a bond at the same rate?
Why would a tender offer be less than the market price?
Looking to invest a part of my savings in state loans (bonds), how do I approach this?
Appropriate model for deferred costs as a line-of-credit
What are the tax regulations and ramifications of personal loans?
Stocks and Bankruptcy
I need to pay for Domain Name in USD - How do I make payment in INR
What makes a Company's Stock prices go up or down?
Do I need to file a 1099 form for contractors associated with hobby income?
Should I buy my first car with all of my savings?
Possible outcomes of needing a Tree Report before Mortage? [UK]
High frequency of Bank Transfers without Card Reader
What to ask for on a business partnership?
Why is the regulation of "swaps" important to failing systemically significant institutions?
Currency exchange problem
Can you short a stock before the ex-div. date to make a profit?
How can I find car insurance with 3 major claims on my record?
Can leased car be declared as part of net worth?
If I repaid a monetary gift, is still considered a gift by the IRS?
$140,000 student debt. What are my options? Please help
VAT on Web Services outside EU?
When to start with year 0 and when with year 1 when calculating NPV?
I am a 23 yr old looking to open a Roth IRA. Should the fund I choose track the S&P?
Opening a bank account in China
What's the formula to calculate the monthly or lump-sum investment amount for a desired future value?
Does one need to pay income tax on pension income in Canada?
What are the tax implications of purchasing mutual funds in the US with Australian dollars?
Roth IRA contributions and Roth 401(k) rollover
Fair Value of a monthly payment given two Bank Payment structures
What can I do when the trading price of a stock or ETF I want to buy is too high?
OHLC chart, is it graphed on bid prices, ask prices or executed trades?
Why do insurance companies in the United States have an enrollment period?
Identifying "Dividend Stocks"
Is there a term for the risk of investing in an asset with a positive but inferior return?
Effect of Quantitative Easing on Price of Bonds
Are there cons to paying monthly bills with a rewards card and then paying it off monthly?
How do I maximise my returns when using margin in my brokerage account?
Why is there an income restriction on contributing to a Roth IRA?
What is the typical time taken for SIPC to return money and stocks to brokerage clients when the broker goes under?
Where can I find definitive terms for a preferred share?
Do I need to report income to the US if working from home from Canada for a US company?
Can liquidity provided by CFD be almost as good as the real market action on the actual exchange?
International Inheritance via Trust
Exchanging US Dollars for Indian Rupees
Is a tax applicable or not if I lent my brother money in India while I am abroad?
How to compare pre-tax and post-tax expenses?
How do I work out my tax when I change jobs?
Life cover until death means?
Why are estimated taxes due "one month early" for the 2nd and 3rd quarters only?
Is this a different Travelex chip and pin card?
Investing at the beginning versus throughout versus the end of the year
How can I estimate the standard deviation
Offer Price for my stock not shown on quote and a subsequent sale higher than my offer
What exactly is "Perfect Money"'s guarantee?
Possible for me to purchase my own health insurance pre-tax?
Is it a good idea for me to divert savings to pay off my debt?
What is a cash back mortgage and should I consider using one?
Are U.S. mobile provider contactless payment services compatible with similar systems abroad?
In Quebec, what kind of financial assistance might be available to an unemployed single mother with kids?
Why credit cards are sold through banks and not from Visa or MasterCard directly
Do charges made accidentally to the wrong name still get processed?
Can my bank automatically pay my credit card company without my consent?
As a Canadian citizen working in US, can I claim my Canadian university tuition tax credit in US?
Which tax year does a bonus fall under in Ireland?
IRS returns more money than my calculation - how can I find out where I was wrong?
Why is the volume highest at the beginning and end of a trading day?
Friends come with hat in hand, but I don't think it will help
Is Investments by Bodie just an expanded version of Essentials of Investments?
Is there a difference between buying few shares of an expensive stock vs many shares of an inexpensive one?
Is it a wise decision to sell my ESPP stock based on this situation?
Can an individual have multiple credit scores from different credit rating agencies?
Does converting IRA to Roth count toward contribution limit?
The five-year rule and backdoor Roth IRA conversions with non-deductible contributions
Is it possible to withdraw your cost basis from an investment to minimize capital gains taxes?
working for US Comany In India
Does revenue equal gross profit for info product business?
Indian Resident Working for US company
Should I keep separate the capital used by my two businesses?
What is the "California SOS file number" and where do I find it?
How can I correct my address when filing federal and state income taxes with H&R Block Online?
How does Fed's imminent cut-off in its monthly buyback program detrimentally affect Emerging Markets currencies?
I forgot to deduct my HSA contribution in my 2012 tax return. How can I file an amended return?
Does it make sense to max out contributions earlier in the year?
How to exchange 100 EUR for INR?
Receiving restricted stock units as a dual citizen
Selling equities for real-estate down payment
Providing Client W-9 or W-8BEN forms
How do I determine the IRA contribution limits for my non-working spouse who is over 50?
Who is responsible when property and the loan are in different names?
How does mortgage payoff work logistically?
"limit order" vs "at-or-better order"
Can one see the transactions in the stock market?
My employer offers an FSA and HRA but it's not enough. What other options do I have?
Market Making vs Market Taking (Quotes vs Orders)
Bait-and-switch on new car lease
How does this retirement fund calculator work?
Does Warren Buffett have a personal portfolio that is public?
Will unpaid taxes prevent me from getting a business license?
Education Tax Return in US
What can I take from learning that a company's directors are buying or selling shares?
Freelancing to UK company from India
Is dividend taxation priced in derivatives?
Can I contribute my existing Treasury Bills into a Roth IRA?
How does Bill Me Later check a person's credit using DOB and Last four SSN digits?
How does the fluctuation in the foreign exchange market occur at the same time in all countries?
Getting (historical) Standard & Poor Stock Guides
Learning investment--books to read? Fundamental/Value/Motley Fool
In what category would I put a loan I took to pay an expense
car loan life insurance
Will safe deposit boxes go to creditors when a bank in the United States goes bankrupt?
Is there anything comparable to/resembling CNN's Fear and Greed Index?
How does one typically exit (close out) a large, in-the-money long put option position?
Airline ticket dispute
How is income earned on a J1 student visa taxed?
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles question
What is the best way to fix my credit?
How to pay for Alzheimer's care?
What kind of taxes might I incur if I sell off intellectual property from my small software business?
Trustable, official sources on holdings, purchases and sales by finance academics/professionals?
How to sell option with no volume
Bankruptcy and Mortgage Reaffirmation
Explain this balance transfer offer
How are stock options priced?
Why has the contribution limit for IRAs increased so much over the years?
Is Cash Value Life Insurance ("whole life" insurance) a good idea for my future?
New or Used Car Advice for Recent College Grad
How did Bill Gates actually make his money?
Employer 401K thru Fidelity - Investment options
Can you identify this broker/trading platform by looking at this picture?
When getting a business loan, does it look better to owe the IRS or the credit card companies?
What is my take home salary in Chicago for 110K annual?
Can I prepay a Credit Card to make a Large Purchase greater than my credit limit?
Why people still look for "naked" short-sellng stocks instead of short selling CFDs
Choosing between two car deals on the same car - NPV
Canada - tax for non-resident from sources outside Canada
Tax implications for buying property in another country
Taxes on selling a classic automobile received as a gift
What should I do to pick the right consultant to open offshore bank account
Does the back-end ratio for mortgage affordability include credit card debt if a balance isn't carried on the card?
Tax Form 1099 and hourly worker do i file a W-2 if my employer filed the 1099 for me?
Can I open an investment account in the US for my US citizen sister living abroad?
Any reason to be cautious of giving personal info to corporate fraud departments?
Should I sign the back of my credit card?
How do I claim moving tax deductions in new year?
It it legal to enforce collection of an (incorrectly) estimated tax bill
Which index fund or ETF should I buy, assuming my money is at a specific company?
What kinds of financial assets have a fixed payment and finite time?
How important are records of fraudulent applications?
Ensuring payment from client
Less than a year at my first job out of college, what do I save for first?
Loan with Sallie Mae at 16 without a Co-Signer
Just want to ask if my bank account is safe by giving out my account number?
How should I apply for another credit card after being denied twice already?
Can someone explain in simple and direct ways how the gift / donation tax works for a lottery winner?
What percentage of my income should go towards expenses?
Dealing with fraudulent criminal records resulting from identity theft
As an investor or speculator, how might one respond to QE3 taper?
U.S. Taxes: Can you deduct or depreciate equipment that was both bought and sold in the same year?
Changed from job that had a 401K, and the new one doesn't. How do I answer when filing?
Should I switch/rollover my IRA to a Gold IRA at Regal Assets?
Can I invest C-corp or S-corp profits by purchasing stock, bonds or property to reduce tax liability?
Did basically all mutual funds have a significant crash in 2008?
Does a restaurant have to pay tax on a discount?
How is money in a Roth IRA classified as either "earnings" or "contribution" (basis)?
Should I deduct or capitalize the cost to replace a water heater in my rental property? (details Below)
Monthly/Annual Payments Calculation with percentage increase to equal exact dollar amount over exact specified period
Should I pay an erroneous bill in collections if it is a tiny amount?
Donations for a new computer taxation help?
Capitalize on a falling INR
How a mortgage backed security fluctuates
Is it common for student loan debt to be paid with another loan found at lower interest?
How to account for Unrealized Gains in a Trial Balance?
What can a customer do to reduce damage from a data breach?
What percentage of my income/assets should I commit to vehicles?
What is the minimum age for early retirement
Do I pay tax if I convert INR to CAD to use in Canada
Do laddered term life-insurance strategies give significant savings over getting re-rated with shorter term policies?
I'm a programmer and need a formula for calculating overal ROI
Too late to max-out my 401k but need an alternative to offset taxes?
Can you re-contribute withdrawn Roth IRA contributions?
Initial investment limit for an HSA? An IRA?
Tax applicable on selling of agricultural land in India
Over contributed to Dependent Care FSA for 2014
Inherited Stock
Will a lump sum payout reduce charitable contribution?
Can a company donate to a non-profit to pay for services arranged for before hand?
Are there any consequences for investing in Vanguard's Admiral Shares funds instead of ETF's in a Roth IRA?
Maxed out Roth IRA already & don't have access to a 401k. Any alternatives with tax benefits?
When bi-weekly payments are made on a mortgage, is the bank required to zero out the interest?
Does paying off a car loan increase or reduce a persons credit score?
Employer changed my Roth 401k to a traditional 401k. Can they do that?
Are stores that offer military discounts compensated by the government?
Tax rebate on Home loan on mother's property
How Does A Special Memorandum Account Work
Home insurance score drastically decreases after car insurance claim?
Should I sell the home in 2014 or continue to rent it out?
Is it possible for a private person to buy shares of technology companies pre-IPO?
An index fund in my 401k performed very well this year. How to deal with the gains?
Short Selling Specific to India
Both retired and now want to be snowbirds but have a few of questions?
Tax benefits to buying stocks on Dec 31 vs. one day later?
Where can I find the historic stock prices of delisted stocks?
Receive money from US Client to Myself in India by selling services
Limiting Fees for Monthly Contributions
Should I expect money back after filing taxes if tax bracket changes to lower bracket?
Technical Analysis: the concepts of overbought / oversold don't make sense
When do Bank Accounts become dormant in Turkey?
Are GIC and term deposit interest rates fixed, or do they vary?
Accounting: Automatically Sort And Put Timestamp In Right Corner On Invoices I Receive
Why is transferring money online to someone else's bank account so difficult in the U.S.?
What should I be wary of when opening a savings account?
18 year old making $60k a year; how should I invest? Traditional or Roth IRA?
Are U.S. salaries typically measured/reported before tax, or after tax?
I am not a U.S. citizen. What happens to my 401K if I have to go back to India?
Is it safe to give someone the following information?
Why does a stock price drop as soon an I purchase several thousand shares at market price?
Would long-term treasury bonds (e.g. TLT) generally rise when stocks (e.g. SPX) fall?
When do I sell a stock that I hold as a long-term position?
Switched from employee to first time contractor AND moved to different state
Are there any other investing methods I should look into?
What does a reorganization fee that a company charges get applied to?
Why did my last paycheck of the year have a big decrease in Social Security taxes taken out?
Bonds, rates and the way they apply during their lifetime
Is real (physical) money traded during online trading?
How would by Taxes be calculated on H1B and India Partnership Firm
Can I transfer my West Australian rock lobster quota units into my SMSF?
UK self assessment : Declare childcare vouchers?
How can I withdraw a mistaken HSA contribution?
is this a chip & signature amex?
When is the best time to put a large amount of assets in the stock market?
What are some common ways to generate cash income from a portfolio in retirement?
Is there any way to rebalance an investment portfolio while reducing/minimizing taxes?
What determines price fluctuation of groceries
How often does the prime interest rate change
Difference between bank rate and prime rate
How can a bank offer a higher interest rate for a savings account than for a GIC?
Re-financing/consolidating multiple student loans for medical school?
Simple income and expense report in gnucash
I'm a non-U.S. citizen that paid Social Security tax. I'm leaving the country. Can I get my money back?
What's the difference between "direct credit" vs. "local wire transfer"?
With respect to life insurance, why is reversionary bonus called "reversionary"?
Effect of inflation on stock market
What tax software automatically determines the best filing status, etc?
On what dates do the U.S. and Canada release their respective federal budgets?
Add phone to my parents phone plan
When to convert employee shares in an RRSP into cash, even if there is a penalty?
How rate of interest scheme in bank works?
What to do about not having an ITIN for spouse if IRS isn't being responsive?
I am not a UK citizen. What happens to National Insurance I paid, when I go back to India? Can I claim any of it back?
GnuCash and version control
Where can I exchange small bills for larger denominations?
Where can I find information about the relationship between the owner of a company and its business administrator?
What do brokers do with bad stock?
Receiving important daily wires from abroad?
Who is the counterparty when buying shares through a broker
Why some things are traded in an exchange while others are traded OTC
What am I actually buying when trading in CFDs
Simple IRA Non-elective Contributions and Maximum 401k Employee contributions?
What does "retirement" mean with regards to an RRSP and any early withdrawal penalty?
Why initial mortgage payments go towards the interest and not principal?
US retirement account types
Usage of non refundable tax credits
Taxable status of health insurance premiums for family under new health care law
When a 401k plan cites a percentage of salary, e.g. for matching, is it pre-tax, or post?
When do I pay taxes if I'm self employed?
If I just moved, am I more likely to be rejected for a credit card application?
Do I need to repay back my line of credit in the form of monthly payments?
Transitioning from paper-trading (demo trading) to real trading?
Which businesses provide financial planning services for newly married couples?
What price is a limit buy and a limit sell order settled at?
How much lump sum investment in stocks would be needed to yield a target stable monthly income?
American taxes if living outside the US and get paid by US company on a US bank account
Does cash back apply to online payments with credit card
Gym membership tax deductible?
Can I use a Credit Card in India to deposit and borrow cash
What, if any, IRA options are permitted with my high salary?
Is there a finance API of some kind to get all holdings for a specific mutual fund?
Capital Gains Tax with Multiple 'buy' Transactions per Stock (U.S.)
Lending money to someone: how to book?
Can institutional, quant, or other professional traders "prey on" (make money from) retail investors?
If I owe unpaid taxes for last year, but am due a refund this year, will the IRS keep the difference?
What sustains residential real estate prices in California when household incomes are low?
Can I get a dumbed down explanation of risk measures used for evaluating stocks?
Is there a more flexible stock chart service, e.g. permitting choice of colours when comparing multiple stocks?
How to automate the tracking of ratios and other values for a set of stocks or ETFs?
Fees aside, what factors could account for performance differences between U.S. large-cap index ETFs?
Should I invest in the pre-IPO company stock offered by my employer?
Who determines, and how, the composition of the S&P 500 index?
Are the Social Security Tax and Medicare Tax on W-2 considered tax deductible?
Return of value to shareholders in an ISA
What happens to a 401k if you leave your job indefinitely?
How are HSA contribution limits calculated when filing taxes jointly?
ETF's Market Cap Inconsistency
How to protect your checking account from unauthorized transfers?
U.S. permanent resident and tax reporting?
My first investment $15K
Investment options for 18 year old?
Who Can I Hire To Calculate the Value of An Estate?
Increase or decrease amount to be withheld each pay period?
If a company's assets are worth more than its market cap, can one say the shares must be undervalued?
Will a company's stock price be affected when warrants are issued, or exercised?
How much will I pay in agent's fees or commissions to rent a house in Boston metro suburbs?
Should my retirement portfolio's asset allocation become more conservative over time?
Online stock screener to find stocks that are negatively correlated to another stock/index?
Am I able to conduct a private sale of public shares at a price that I determine?
Why are there OTC securities and whether they're limited to institutional investors?
Reasons behind a large price movement of a penny stock without any recent news releases?
How can I claim tax back from whilst I was working in Austria?
How can an H-1B holder withdraw 401(k) balance before returning to home country? Taxes?
How do rich people guarantee the safety of their money, when savings exceed the FDIC limit?
Purchasing items with a Instant Credit Card (Fixed Deposit)
What are the standard industry practices or disclosures for computing compounded interest on retail deposit accounts in the United States?
What is the difference between hedging and diversification? How does each reduce risk?
What to consider before buying (exercising) a family member's private company employee stock options, about to expire?
Canadian Contractor for US Company - Tax Forms
Why is a stock dividend considered a dividend? What makes it different from a stock split?
Is SIPC coverage on cash as strong as FDIC?
Getting out from Wireless carrier contract without a penalty
How exactly does France's "rich tax" / "millionaire tax" of 75% above 1 million euros salary work?
Effect of debt utilization on FICO score: is it overall, or individual?
If the housing market is recovering, why would a REIT index ETF (e.g. VNQ) not be performing well?
Timing between loans and applying for a new credit card
Can merchants tell the difference between a credit card and embossed debit card?
When to start investing in an index fund? Wait for a bear market, use dollar cost-averaging, or another approach?
Why do the banks charge for using credit card in ATM?
Is it true Visa & Mastercard can choose a more beneficial date (for them) for the exchange rate on a foreign transaction?
Student on F1 visa with paid internship: How to estimate & file a tax return for refund?
How and where to get the time series of the values USDEUR?
Should I be filling out form W-9 for somebody I sold used equipment to?
What is meant by "buy-side firm" and "sell-side firm"?
Contributing to a Roth IRA while income tax filing status is "Married Filing Separately"?
Can I draw funds from a personal line of credit to pay its own monthly "minimum payment"?
Why are wire transfers and other financial services in Canada so much more expensive than in Europe?
Can a self-directed IRA hold non-qualified stock options (NSO) with a vesting period, without being considered self-dealing?
Married Filing Jointly & one spouse has employer 401K. Would each still be able to contribute to a Traditional IRA?
Why does the stock market index get affected when a terrorist attack takes place?
How to find cheaper alternatives to a traditional home telephone line?
Paying taxes super early: is it possible to send the IRS money for my 2014 taxes even though the 2013 tax year isn't over?
Saving money on the electric bill: What are some worthwhile ways to reduce consumption & costs?
How to get 0% financing for a car, with no credit score?
In Canada, how can I most easily/cheaply send money to a friend online?
Might I need a credit score to rent, or for any other non-borrowing finances?
Differences in conditions on shares to private vs. public shareholders?
Why do I have to pay Georgia state tax when I work in South Carolina?
H&R Block says form 1120 not finalized? IRS won't take it yet?
Currency Settings
Relation between interest rates and currency for a nation
If someone gives me cash legally, can my deposit trigger an audit for them?
Myth, or not: If using a secured card to build credit, paying off in part each month has more benefit than paying in full?
Does a stock really dip in price on the ex-dividend date? And why would it do this?
Buy To Let Mortgage For Relative - Tax Implications - UK
Difference between limit order book and level 2 quotes
Does modifying an order cancel the old one and submit a new one
How can I buy government bonds from foreign countries?
Should I prioritize paying down my higher interest debt over building an emergency fund, or vice-versa?
How can I send a 1099-Misc if a contractor won't provide an EIN or SSN?
Which mutual funds is Dave Ramsey talking about in The Total Money Makeover?
How to calculate the equity owned in a jointly owned mortgaged property?
I want a long term savings account for my daughter. How should I proceed?
Is a Scan of my receipts enough for my accountant?
What variety of hedges are there against index funds of U.S. based stocks?
Mutual funds and taxes (US)
Health insurance allowed benefits: different for different plans from same insurer?
Deciding on whether to redraw from mortgage
Standard versus Enhanced Owner's Title Insurance
How an ETF pays dividend to shareholders if a holding company issues dividend
Retirement & asset allocation of $30K for 30 year old single guy
With respect to insider trading, what is considered "material information"?
Interest from Saving Account and Taxes
Is there any calculator where you can put a set amount of money in and track the actual returns of the S&P 500 between any dates provided?
Why wouldn't an option's last trade price be between the current bid and ask?
Pre-Tax Plan Election - Employers Benefit Plan
Interest on Amount Exceeding CC Balance?
Would an ESOP issue physical shares or stock options (call options) to participating employees?
Can I use an FSA from multiple employers in a year?
How long does a bank's "Know Your Customer" (KYC) process typically take?
Is impounding property taxes and homeowners insurance into a mortgage cost effective?
How do I bet one stock will outperform another stock?
capital gains on oversea property for non-resident of Canada
How can I compose a graph of historic data of some arbitrary benchmark?
Will an ETF increase in price if an underlying stock increases in price
Options price vs implied volatility - who drives who?
Options trading volume vs moneyness
Why does a call option's price increase with higher volatility?
Should my scholarship be tax-free?
Payroll question
Who (owner/ writer)needs to pay the option assignment fees
Can I put my personal loan into my savings account until I use it all?
Does my company's decision to change 401k plan providers hurt me?
Should I learn to do my own tax?
Filing tax return as dependant or independant
Insurance quote - Report Moving Violation
What is the use of mortgage insurance premium paid to CMHC
Investing in DHA property in Queensland
Am I eligible for a student maintenance loan?
Upward Spike in US Treasuries despite S&P Downgrade in August 2011
Inverse Relationship between Volatility and Beta
Is the interest on money borrowed on margin in/for an RRSP considered tax deductible?
Can we buy and sell stocks without worrying about settlement period
Why are so few options ever actually exercised?
Multiple people interested in an Apartment
How to fill tax return for income received to paid the health insurance premiums that my spouse pays for me?
Is it possibly to keep money purely online?
Can a US expat have and use an HSA for the tax benefits while living abroad?
How do you get out of a Mutual Fund in your 401(k)?
Supporting a Kickstarter project: Should a customer's pledge payment include sales tax, e.g. GST/HST in Canada?
Possible to purchase multiple securities on 1 transaction?
Will a stop order get triggered if the floor is hit and trading is halted?
Why was my credit card just cancelled?
How to make spreadsheet to plan loan payments
If I moved abroad, what happens to the U.S. apartment lease I'd be breaking? Would a debt follow?
Tax rebate on house loan for under construction property
What amount will I get back if I hold a bond to maturity?
Per Capita Income VS. Household Income
What do "yield type" and "duration" mean in this table of bonds?
Employer limits total 401K contribution to below IRS max. How can we max out our pre-tax contributions?
What to do with savings for 3-5 years?
If you have a Delaware LLC you don't need, is there a free way to get rid of it?
Why government bonds fluctuate so much, even though interest rates don't change that often?
Is reimbursement of a brokerage transfer fee taxable income?
My former employer made a mistake calculating my 401(k) contribution/match; what is my responsibility?
Is it worth it to buy TurboTax Premier over Deluxe if I sold investments in a taxable account?
If NYSE has market makers, what is the role of NYSE ARCA which is an ECN
How to calculate amortization table with pro-rated first month
How to divide a mortgage and living area fairly?
How can I pay off my school loans (denominated in dollars) with Euros without an exchange fee?
Do individual investors use Google to obtain stock quotes?
What to do with documents from a closed bank account?
Married now, do our domestic partner benefits get taxed differently as spousal benefits?
When performing wash sale calculations does time of day matter?
Can I claim my girlfriend as a dependent?
How to properly understand international wire transfers?
Should I be concerned if Turbo Tax computes my rental depreciation higher this year?
Nuances of the pattern day trader rule
If I take a loss when I sell my car, can I claim a capital loss deduction on my income tax return?
Lending money to a friend, can I get it back?
I need help understanding inheritance annuities
How much should I tip if a robot waits on me?
Misspelled cardholders name: any official policy of MasterCard?
How many dollars I can transfer to my Indian bank account without letting IRS know?
How can I calculate yearly interest of my investment gain?
Roth IRA vs. Traditional for married couple with AGI over $120k?
Negative Balance from Automatic Options Exercise. What to do?
Asset Sale: Net proceeds to cash AND capital gains?
Where to record existing assets when starting double-entry accounting
Online sites for real time bond prices
How a company can afford to give away so many shares as part of its ESOP
How to understand adding or removing "liquidity" in stock markets with market/non-market orders?
Is compounding interest on investments a myth?
Creating a personal company
Yearly tax calendar for my S-Corporation: What tax forms are due on what dates?
Paying restaurants in cash instead of credit card - how signficant is this?
Do I need to file W-2 for nanny under age 18?
Sending money from US to China
What are the laws or rules on 401(k) loans and switching providers?
Calculating Daily Returns for Futures Contract
How to withdraw 401K?
Net Present Value (NPV) Question?
If USA defaults on its debt, will the T bond holder get back his money
Health care billing concerns
What are "electronic calls" and "daily calls"?
Day care tax deduction
Why do only a handful of Canadian companies have options trading on their stocks?
Can I deduct "Non-Reimbursable Expenses"?
I'm saving money too fast. What should I do?
If I work abroad and earn money in that country, does UK tax apply to it?
Am I doing the math for this long straddle strategy correctly?
What happens to a cashed out Roth IRA in a divorce settlement?
Are capital gains tax-free in a Vanguard tax-free fund?
Will I receive a 1099-B if I bought stocks but didn't sell?
LIBOR and prime rate fluctuation
What risks am I taking if my well-off close friend is asking to use my credit to flip a property?
Are car buying services worth it?
What evidence is there that rising interest rates causes Canadian condo prices to go down?
US based small business consulting in the Philippines tax help
How can I determine my basis for a gift of mutual funds?
Do I pay taxes on a gift of mutual funds?
How can I easily show difference between Current Assets and Current Liabilities in Gnucash?
Can I get my property taxes lowered?
What are some quick ways to lower tax bill due this year?
The board of directors in companies
Why online brokerages sometimes allow free ETF buying
Any reasons why I'd better not black out security code from my debit card?
How to understand a volatility based ETF like VXX
If I'm cash-flow negative, should I dollar-cost-average the money from my bonus over the entire year?
Investing for the 18 yr old college student
Is it wise for an independent contractor to avoid corporation tax by planning to only break even each year?
How to contribute to Roth IRA when income is at the maximum limit & you have employer-sponsored 401k plans?
Will be getting a car loan with my folks as the primary account holder. Can the car be titled to me?
GnuCash "Currency Sync Point" (Fix currency in a wallet at a given date)
How do I find out the recent negative information on my credit score?
When calculating my assets for insolvency, do I count joint checking/savings accounts?
Effect of early pay off and using again for credit card
What is the difference between Protected-equity loan vs Equity loan?
Opening UK corporate bank account remotely
Considerations for holding short-term reserves?
Secured line of credit vs collateralized loan
Why the borrower needs to pay premium for mortgage life insurance
Explanation on Warren Buffett's famous quote
Why would preferred shares have less potential for capital gain compared to common stock?
401k with 4% match in face of buying an apartment complex
How Warren Buffett made his money
Who gets the margin call when a bear ETF goes down
Is naked short selling illegal
Is there a Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for Canada
Looking for a term that represents open, high, low, close, volume
How to calculate interest payments without EBIT
Should I give to charity by check or credit card?
How do I avoid paying income taxes on the sale of my business abroad?
Fund Roth IRA for previous year after filing taxes
Stayed outside USA for 2 months: Does that reduce the taxes?
Does CDIC deposit insurance just protect the principal or the interest also?
Taxes: How to account for income from fellowship
Can I claim my parents as dependents on my tax return if they stayed with me for 5 months?
Are tax deductions voluntary?
I file 83(b) election, but did't include a copy of it in that year’s tax return
Can I legally include an expense made to a school that was later refunded? (American Opportunity Tax Credit)
Are Credit Card statements sufficient for receipts to itemized deductions?
Tax implications upon withdrawal of 401(k) or IRA while residing in India
What is the "Taxable portion of a conversion" in a roth IRA?
What will happen when a bid price is higher than an ask price?
Deflation Risk on TIPS
Validity of Visa Electron abroad
Is the best ask price the ask at the "top" of the order book? What is the "top" of the book?
Where to find Amazon Canada's GST/HST Number? Wasn't on invoice emailed to me
Why is early exercise generally not recommended for an in-the-money option?
What is safe to share for an international bank transfer?
Why do P/E ratios for a particular industry tend to cluster around particular values?
Which student loans to pay off first: Stafford or private?
Borrowing money for a semi-urgent medical expense
How is a stop order price different from an ask price
How to read a mutual fund spec sheet?
What happens when a non-U.S. citizen who's been making money from the U.S. moves to the U.S.?
Priced out of London property market. What are my accommodation investment options?
Buy/Selling prices at the stock exchange represent someone Selling/Buying at that price?
Calculating accumulated value of an annuity with changing payments?
Ways to ship a package worldwide and get paid by the receiver on delivery?
Investing in alternative strategies for people in their 20s/30s
Can you borrow against a home that you don't fully own, i.e. inherited part, but without estate fully settled?
How is credit-card utilization calculated when you have more than one card?
What is the value in using the "split transaction" feature present in some personal finance management tools?
Continuing group health benefits from old employer after resigning
Equation to determine if a stock is oversold and by how much?
Do I pay bid-ask spread if I trade on NYSE
Issuing bonds at discount - computing effective interest rate
Hidden downsides of real-estate property tax appeal?
What is the average cost of a LLC tax return and what it entails? (FL)
File as resident or non resident for Massachusetts when one spouse is resident and other is non resident
Given a certain yearly savings, how much can I spend on a capital improvement? NPV of future cash flow
What is the tax rate for VBIRX distributions?
Ownership in company and rounds of investment
Can a father structure his estate's inheritance to his children & one son-in-law in set percentages?
Can I calculate stock value with Williams%R if I know the last set?
Why do employers require you to spread your 401(k) contributions throughout the year to get the maximum match?
Already made contributions to a Rollover IRA in 2013, but exceeded the income limit to deduct. What to do?
Are stock screeners with backtesting a real possibility for a trading strategy?
Weekly budgets based on (a variable) monthly budget
Pros & cons in Hungary of investing retirement savings exclusively in silver? What better alternatives, given my concerns?
Do 414(h) rollovers need to be included on form 1040 Line 16?
How to enter an iceberg order on an online brokerage web platform
I am a Resident Alien for tax purposes. Can I claim exemptions from the India - US Tax Treaty (21)?
Help with Loan Amortization Question
Deducting Hobby Expenses on my Federal Income Taxes?
Suppose earning an APR of 7% for 5 years, with interest compounded quarterly. What is the EAR? What is the Total Return?
Long vs. short term capital gains on real estate
How do I calculate my own assets?
T2200 when you own your house
Howto choose a marketplace while submitting an order for a stock trade
When can you adjust for (and re-allow) a disallowed year-end (December) wash-sale loss?
How does LLC affects my taxes?
How to calculate whether it's better to pay my education loan, or my home investment loan?
Source of income: from dividends vs sale of principal or security
How can a Spanish citizen withdraw an IRA/401(k) accumulated while in the U.S.?
Whole life insurance as an investment vehicle
Relationship between Home, Net Worth, and REITs
How to edit/unpost a posted bill in GnuCash 2.6.1
What are Fidelity's equivalent ETFs of QQQ and SPY?
Will an ETF immediately reflect a reconstitution of underlying index
Calculating payroll taxes & take-home pay: Is provincial income tax deducted from gross salary, or after federal taxes salary?
In Australia how are medical costs calculated?
Balance Sheet: Is it appropriate to list your company's annual budget as a Current Liability?
What is a utility biller?
What happened to Houston American Energy Corp. (HUSA) that made their stock crash?
Indian Citizen Resident in India with overseas LLC Company in USA
Relationship between liquidity and an efficient market
Vanguard fund, Roth IRA, and 1099
Car Insurance Amount not debited
Is an in-kind transfer of existing shares into a Stocks and Shares ISA allowed, i.e. without selling + repurchasing?
How to calculate how far a stock price can drop before a broker would issue a margin call?
If a mutual fund did really well last year, then statistically speaking, is it likely going to do bad this year?
I lost my form W-2. How can I recover it so I can file my claim for an income tax refund?
How do stock analysts estimate the earnings for a publicly traded company? What about costs?
What's a recommended minimum amount for buying an index ETF, to minimize fees/commissions?
How to select a service to use to begin making investments?
Why do credit cards come with insurance, and what is the benefit for the user?
Confused about google portfolio chart
In an LLC formed in the US, if the partner puts in money, does this show up as income on my personal taxes?
Does the filing fee for an LLC count as a business expense when paying taxes in the US?
Geared ETFs - Do they offer more than 3x leverage?
What happens with two FSA accounts and one accidental expense submitted to each?
Sending mail to IRS by which postal method or courier?
Canadian Scholarship in US
Can I short a stock in UK using a shares ISA?
How does the concept of regular vs. after-hours trading work for an online marketplace?
U.S. citizen living abroad: How do I declare my income and file for taxes if I've been delinquent in filing?
How do share dilution scams make money?
Nanny taxes and payroll service
How should pre-tax contributions to an HSA show up on a W2?
Taxes with 1040 NR form
Shifting money between mutual funds
How to file tax for the sale of stocks from form 1099B?
How important is volume when choosing an exchange?
Merrill Lynch historical stock prices - where to find?
Offsetting capital losses against gains for stocks
How do I offset the income of a large Traditional IRA distribution (+59.5age) with other losses (LT or ST)?
3-year horizon before trading up to next home: put windfall in savings, or pay off mortgage?
How can the writer of an option cancel or reverse the position & obligation before exercise or expiration?
Track Lending Club with Quicken
Cashable copy of a check
AMT stock option scenario
Can you bill customer service for your time if they were in the wrong?
Gift tax on sending money abroad from US
Defaulting on credit cards before leaving the country
What is a "single side debit: QMC charges" in bank transactions?
Requirements for filing business taxes?
What is the "rule of 70" or "rule of 72" with regards to investment, and how do I apply it?
What are my options for life insurance beneficiaries?
Seasonal Loan Amortization
Which r in perpetuity formula to pricing a business?
Filing jointly and wife as father-in-law dependent
What is the difference between tax form boxes in the center versus right of page?
My spouse and I can make a budget, but how can I get her to consistently follow it?
Bid-Ask at market open, which comes first?
How can I determine if I qualify for a tax exemption on distributions from a municipal bond ETF?
When should I exercise my startup stock options? How would it be taxed?
Tax Deduction under section 80C for Indian with foreign family Paying International Premium
Transferring money between two banks in the U.S
What happens if a Financial Services Company/Stockbroker goes into administration in the UK?
When following a buy and hold investment strategy, on what conditions should one sell?
Seasonal Loan Amortizations
When writing a covered call, what's the difference between a "net debit" and a "net credit"?
Family, ie. relatives, Debt consolidation Plan
Prepaid Rent (Accrual Based Accounting)
Passing money through a different account to avoid cash pay-in fees
Effective Date And Initial Date
How can I get the car refinanced under my name if my girlfriend signed for the loan?
How can I do a money transfer from Lebanon to India for payment on a consulting project?
Is it necessary for an employer to claim employee rental housing as a paid benefit?
Superannuation: When low risk options have higher return, what to do?
How do I establish the cost basis of shares bought in an employee stock purchase program?
When claiming a moving expenses tax deduction in Canada, does order of events matter?
1099 MISC for elder care? She isn't required to file a return
Do I have to pay estimated taxes if my income will be much lower this year?
Judge market efficiency from raw price action
Is it possible to use an ETF's/index's price near market close to time my investments in its corresponding mutual fund?
Selling the underlying in case a covered call is exercised?
What are the exact catch-up IRA contribution age 50 limit rules?
Is EUR/USD exchange rate usually unstable after a weekend?
If you hire a tax attorney to do your OVDP paperwork, are the fees tax deductible?
Bond prices: Why is a high yield sometimes too good to be true?
Found an old un-cashed paycheck. How long is it good for? What to do if it's expired?
How to determine withholding so at end of the year I neither owe more, nor get a refund?
How do dividends of the underlying security in a security futures contract affect the security futures price?
Buying a car and learning to drive versus paying up study loans
How to interpret a big ask size?
How to execute a stop only if it is hit at high volume?
Does interest income on a foreign bank account (or a high balance thereof) require you to file taxes if below the Personal Filing Threshold?
Understanding the T + 3 settlement days rule
501(3)(c) to donators for trophy party
Is the interest on a non-bank loan for a house still considered tax deductible?
What to do if a company goes bankrupt after I short the stock
Are there any banks in Europe that I can have an account without being in that country?
Tax Self Assessment for (UK) Employees
Is it possible to use part of my pension to pay loans, or to opt out of the pension scheme altogether for a few years until my loans are paid?
Loan Amortization with Insurance
Liability insurance for hobby
VAT on refundable deposit
Calculating the PV and the Remaining Payments for Loans with Steps
How does Ontario's income surtax differ from simply modifying tax brackets?
Debt Forgiveness - Extra Payments
Bond : Difference between coupon and yield
If I have $1000 to invest in penny stocks online, should I diversify risk and invest in many of them or should I invest in just in one?
Why does a small number of bid/ask quotes not cause stock price to fluctuate drastically?
In an LLC Partnership, does each partner report expenses in the partnership tax return or personal tax return?
Rollover IRA vs traditional IRA (can I make contributions to the rollover IRA?)
Should rented software be included on my LLC's balance sheet?
Is it acceptable to receive payment from U.S. in Indian saving bank account via PayPal?
(United Kingdom) Multiple Stock ISAs?
Bi-weekly payment option
Old 401k investment choices: Cash it out, move it elsewhere?
Is 401k employer match included in W2 Box 1?
How to deal with variable income in the budget
Day of payment affecting Payment amount
How can I lookup the business associated with a FEIN?
Federal Income Tax implications of Amazon Mechanical Turk
I am considering leasing a new car for my ex-wife. What can go wrong?
Change IRA contribution year
Days in the month affecting loans?
Why I cannot buy at ask price?
Is there any reason to diversify your investments across accounts at multiple/different brokers?
How to handle missing W2 from failed direct deposit only company?
Money transfer from US account to Indian saving account while in India
Assessing the value of an ETF
Are Americans in as much personal debt as the British? Are the sources of debt much different?
Already did my taxes for the year 2013 and received my return. Can I still contribute to my Roth IRA for the year 2013?
Is paying your bills and loans one day before it's due a good practice?
Tape data for FX pairs on google
Do I include a spouse's Traditional IRA when converting my non-deductible Traditional IRA into a Roth IRA?
Are HSA administrative fees considered distributions?
Loan in US against assets in Canada?
Can an unmarried couple each claim half of the federal EV-tax credit?
Where to categorize crypto-currencies
What would happen if I were to lose all equity in my condo when it's time to renew the mortgage?
If I own 50% of the house, and my partner rents the home how is the rental income taxed?
My company owed taxes for many years, An accountant asked me to ignore it and register a new one. Is it a right thing to do?
How to properly name expense accounts (fees and fines, resp.) with public bodies in the context of personal (non-corporate) bookkeeping?
Are non-US citizens trading on US stocks/options subject to tax?
How do I report dividends on tax form 1040?
How can I have credit cards without having a credit history or credit score?
Had employee options in a company that has been sold to another foreign company. What happens?
Is credit history more important than amount of savings when applying for a mortgage?
Is it better to hold tax-inefficient investments in tax-deferred versus tax-free accounts?
How to pay N.I contributions when both employed and self-employed?
What ways can an employee keep the upside of stock options after leaving?
Do I need to pay tax on the amount of savings I have in the bank?
Allocation between 401K/retirement accounts and taxable investments, as a young adult?
How to find out what Capital Cost Allowance would apply to the condo I invested in?
Pros & cons of Floating Rate Notes (FRNs) offered on TreasuryDirect, vs. Treasury Bills?
How to determine if U.S. federal taxes would apply to postdoctoral fellowship income?
How do you find out who the investors are in a U.S. stock? e.g. how ownership may be concentrated?
Is investing in housing considered an adequate hedge against inflation?
Where to find turnover / average amount of time investors & mutual funds held stocks they purchased?
How should I keep track of my financial assets across borders and currencies?
Capital Gains in an S Corp
Category of purchases on credit card - can it affect credit rating?
Requested to recharacterize 2013 IRA contributions. Broker insists I fill out a "Conversion" form. Is this normal?
How do you determine the risk free rate of an asset?
If I'm an independent contractor in Australia, doing small jobs for a company in NY, do I pay taxes to Australia or The US?
How to diversify IRA portfolio given fund minimum investments and IRA contribution limits?
How to make an investment in a single company's stock while remaining market-neutral?
What does it mean when the broker does not have enough shares to short?
What does it mean to settle a trade between bid and ask?
Home office deduction using simplified method & expensing of non-permanent office modification?
What's a normal personal debt / equity ratio for a highly educated person?
How are long-term capital gains taxed if the gain pushes income into a new tax bracket?
How should a US resident who is a joint owner of a Canadian corporation file taxes?
Am I entitled to get a maintenance loan?
Do post-IPO 'insider' stock lockup periods still apply if you separate from the company
Using a house for collateral
What are the tax implications of exchanging one fund for another in a tax-sheltered account?
Walking away from an FHA loan
What do the proposed changes to FOFA mean for consumers obtaining Financial Advice?
Is there a significant danger to market orders as opposed to limit orders?
Advantages of Shareholder over Director in new Company
What happens if a company you hold short merges with another company?
When to use geometric vs. arithmetic mean? Why is the former better for percentages?
Can I claim a dependent care credit for a dependent autistic adult?
Does the section 1202 qualified small business stock reduce New York, Illinois, or California taxable income?
Transfer Money from My Overseas Account
Received mysterious K-1 form, seeking answers
Does "NET 30 DAYS" on a legal invoice refer to 30 days after the billing period end date, the invoice creation date or the invoice receipt date?
What is the ticker symbol of the mini Google stock?
Does the uptick rule apply to all stocks/ETFs and other securities, or only specific ones?
How to transfer money to an account on Cyprus as quick as possible
Reasonable alternatives to using the Treasury rate as the risk free rate, e.g. for CAPM calculation?
What should I do with my $25k to invest as a 20 years old?
Tax Impact of Selling Appliances in a Rental Property
Why does the share price tend to fall if a company's profits decrease, yet remain positive?
Why do many British companies offer a scrip dividend option in lieu of cash?
Is the amount taxable if my grandfather sells agricultural land
Does freedom to provide services allow me contracting in Germany without paying taxes there (but in my home EU country)?
How can I buy a MasterCard/Visa gift card in the US using European MasterCard/Visa?
Do I pay taxes where I live, or where I work?
401K participant for part of year - Can I contribute to an IRA?
In Australia, how to battle credit card debt?
UK self-employed freelancing in Japan. Who do I pay tax to on my earnings?
Understanding my proxy vote
Spending arrangements for a dependent student studying abroad
First Time Home Buyer & Tax Return
How does the Social Security Wage Base apply to employers?
Can you step up your cost basis indefinitely via the 0% capital gains rate?
What is the valuation of a company based on?
Which account type to use for claimable expense I pay upfront for my employer?
Why are certain currencies considered safe havens in times of turmoil?
How does Google Finance calculate the Institution Owned metric for a stock
What are the consequences of being claimed as a dependent in the US?
Why do stocks priced above $2.00 on the ASX sometimes move in $0.005 increments?
Why might it be advisable to keep student debt vs. paying it off quickly?
What is the difference between trading and non-trading stock?
Do UK tax rules allow you to hold Bitcoin in a SIPP?
How will the New credit reporting rules affect people who are already struggling financially?
Is it a viable/good long term investment strategy to buy only index ETFs?
Forgiveness and payments
How do deferred sales charges affect cost basis for first-in, first-out sales?
interest rate on online banks
ETF vs Mutual Fund: How to decide which to use for investing in a popular index?
After a stock dividend, how do you calculate holding periods for capital gains taxes?
San Francisco vs Madison
Do last minute IRA contributions reduce taxes on dividends and interest paid during that tax year?
Investment for young expatriate professionals
Is CFD a viable option for long-term trading?
What is the numerical relationship between an APY and an inflation rate?
Why would someone buy a way out-of-the-money call option that's expiring soon?
Micro-Investing vs. cryptocurrencies vs. Forex trading
Is Bitcoin a commodity or a currency
Adjusting the basis of a Publicly Traded Partnership (PTP) interest?
What's the difference between buying bonds and buying bond funds for the long-term?
Regulation T and Initial Margin Requirements: How to interpret the 50%?
How can I check if my mortgage balance is correct?
How do I invest in NYSE outside US?
Retirement Plan Income - Distribution Amount
What does an options premium really mean?
How can someone with a new job but no credit history get a loan to settle another debt?
What are the details needed to receive euros from my company in Germany to a bank account in India
Can I claim a tax deduction for college tuition paid but was then reimbursed by my company?
Am I doing the math for this covered call/long put strategy correctly? What risks do I run with this strategy?
How does the currency between countries relate
How to deal with insurance when renting a car from an individual?
What is the best way to get cash from my retirement accounts for a home down payment?
How to calculate how far a shorted stock's price can rise before broker issues a margin call?
How do I properly file state income taxes for a 1099-B that has an out-of-state address?
Company relocation allowance was taxed as income, but then forfeited & paid back. How can I get the tax back?
Is there any benefit to pooling money with family members to buy a mutual fund?
Do I need to pay tax on my unregistered online 'business'?
How to Store Funds Generated through FX Trading
What are Inters/Intex/Supers?
Self-directed RRSP into mortgage investment
Getting financial advice: Accountant vs. Investment Adviser vs. Internet/self-taught?
Getting paid as a Mexican independent contractor doing work for a U.S. company?
How does Vanguard determine the optimal asset allocation for their Target Retirement Funds?
When does the IRS generally decide whether or not to audit your tax return?
Do we need to provide a TIN or ITIN in the W-8BEN form?
What are the ramifications of lawsuits over "breaches of fiduciary duty" for the average shareholder?
Is there a risk I may, eventually, be required to pay taxes on the investment returns from my TFSA?
Why do tax-advantaged retirement accounts have contribution limits?
What is the rationale behind brokerages establishing tiers/levels for options trading?
Double-Taxation of Royalties paid for in Korea to a US Company
What happens to a company when it issues preference shares?
Is there any evidence that "growth"-style indexes and growth ETFs outperform their respective base indexes?
How can I calculate (approximate) the future value of my investments? Is this formula appropriate?
Where does my IRS Form 8582 line 16 get reported?
How can I manage my Credit Card Debt in Australia?
Debit card funds on preauthorization hold to paypal: can it be used for another transaction?
How do we handle taxes a lump sum payments from a SSA-1099 backdated to 2011?
PPF Account in Indian banks
How to bet against the London housing market?
Online streaming video/audio financial/stock programs
How Do I Fix Excess Contribution Withdrawl
How to dollar-cost-average with a large amount of money in a savings account?
How does a company raise capital using Preference shares?
How Long Can It Take For a Check I Write to Clear on My Account?
UK: ISA or regular savings account?
How do brokers make money from margin accounts?
Can someone deduct mortgage interest on two properties?
Is it possible to transfer a 401(a) from one brokerage to another?
LLC Partnership Earned Income vs. Partnership Share
Personal Line of Credit and Credit Utilization rate
Do I need a Like-Kind Exchange when selling a personal vehicle for a company car
Does non-taxable income apply before or after (not at all) taxable income for purposes of tax brackets?
For TurboTax online's "Enter Dividend Income", what goes in the "Broker or Payer" field?
How to invest in stocks without using an intermediary like a broker? Can shares be bought direct?
What are the differences between gold/siver "coin" vs. "round"?
Do I owe taxes in the US for my LLC formed in the US but owned by an Indian citizen?
Can Form 1040a, Line 10 be left blank if the broker's 1099-Div shows 0?
Specifics of filing dual-status return for family
If trade is settled at the Ask, can I conclude that the immediate trend is bullish
What is meant by a market that is technically strong
Where can I find information on the percentage of volume is contributed by shorts?
What does "no adjustments" mean?
Is Form 1040, Line 13 always populated from Schedule D, Line 16?
What is a "nondeductible contributions" with respect to Form 1040, Line 32?
Do bond interest rate risk premiums only compensate for the amount investors might lose?
Are students who pay tuition through scholarship eligible for deduction?
Clarification on definition of Adjusted Qualified Education Expenses
International wire transfer gone astray
What is done to capital to create a perpetuity
Does Amazon.com offer price protection on purchases? If so, how do I request a refund?
Does FIFO cost basis applies across multiple accounts?
GAAP for items that you both sell and make?
How do I judge if I am being made a fair offer by a car insurance company?
What exactly are the SEIS tax benefits and how can I use them?
Is there a way to find out what investment funds have a given stock?
TD Webbroker.ca did not execute my limit sell order even though my stock went .02 over limit
Do I include small amounts of interest on my taxes if they didn't send a 1099-INT?
Dependent care FSA when one spouse is self-employed
Where to deduct gambling losses?
Is it possible to put less than 10% down for a mortgage without resorting to an FHA loan?
Stock Trade Transaction Fee - at what point is it worth it
Undestanding the new UK Pension laws
Applying for EIN when incorporated in another state?
Where can I find information on Loans in foreign currency for the purchase of property in Australia?
Is there any way to split income between the partnering corporations, legitimately, so the HST charged matches what is charged to the customer?
Best way to invest in safe USD bonds for non-US citizens?
Does Vanguard grant admiral shares only on a per-account basis?
Can a 1099 consultant receive unemployment benefits (EDD) after termination from a separate full time job?
What can I do to rebuild credit and get out of financial trouble?
Joining a company being acquired
Can I default on my student loans if I move to another country?
Rationale for lower deduction limits for married couples filing separately?
Buying company shares from NYSE being Ukrainian and currently living in Ukraine
How to calculate ROI on investments?
How to handle unclaimed property income (wages)?
Commission free trades for non permanent resident?
Max up HSA contribution for 2013
Is it possible that for shares to be reinvested in a stock you already sold?
Are all sellers required to comply with the FTC's Cooling-off rule?
Wash sale rule with dividend reinvestment
Do I need to pay income taxes for the money I earn online from a foreign website?
Transferring money to Indian private bank
Is it a good idea to get a mortgage when buying a house, for credit reasons?
Long-term capital gain taxes on ETFs?
Startup Convertible note write-off debt?
Rent or own, given these circumstances
Stock market order execution
What does it mean to have "interest in" or "signature authority over" an account?
Income Tax on Employer Provided Educational Assistance
How do I log a Canadian NR4 form to my income taxes
Do I need to report to FInCEN if I had greater than $10,000 worth of bitcoin in a foreign bitcoin exchange?
I'm getting gouged on prices for medical services when using my HSA plan. How to be billed fairly?
Mongolian bank offering a high interest rate. What's the catch?
How can I transfer the money I made in forex trading to my bank account?
What is the difference between future value of cash and Fixed deposit calculator
Am I allowed to change my mind about itemized deductions and IT-2104
Trading: How do you earn a good income when there is such a small change in price (pips)?
Google Finance: Input Parameters For Simple Moving Averages
Is paying double on a car loan the same as choosing half the term?
Buying Nasdaq stocks from outside United States
Does being added as an authorized user help credit score?
Whether the waterbill paid to HMWS&SB of Rs. 20,000 per year can be used for Tax benefits
Being tax efficient with dividend stocks
As an employee, when is it inappropriate to request to see your young/startup company's financial statements?
I am turning 18 and I am a Student, I need strategies on building great credit soon. Where should I start?
Be a partner, CTO or just a freelancer?
Can I open and fund both IRA and Roth IRA for non-working spouse in same year?
Creating a Limited company while still fully employed
If I own x% of company A, and A buys company B, do I own x% of B?
Do I have to pay state taxes on income not earned while living or working in that state?
Giving someone else access to a bank account in the UK, any dangers?
Display vs Non-Display Limit Orders
US tax returns for a resident - No US income and indian shares
Sales taxes to apply for a Canadian company selling digital subscriptions
Is the Social Security delayed benefit increase in addition to COLA?
What Russell 2000 price action would move TZA on the upside back to its 6000 level?
What is the coloring convention should I adopt for Buy and Sell
Balancing an Interest Accrual Rate Between multiple loans
Can my local municipality charge taxes on rental income I make out of state?
Can I report tax after April 15 if I am sure I overpay my federal tax and state tax?
In what ways is IEX different than a typical dark pool or a typical exchange?
Where does the money go?
Opening a multi-currency bank account abroad
K-1-P (or Equivalent) from Multiple States
Should I sell shares to buy a home so I avoid a mortgage?
Is ETN risk something to worry about?
Is it possible to buy UK Consols (perpetuities)?
Should I contribute to current year RothIRA if I'm unsure if current year income will exceed limit?
Why was there a spike in disposable income in December 2012?
Does it make sense to take a lower salary so I can still contribute to a Roth IRA?
declaring payments to a credit card for a shared expense
Why is routing number called ABA/ABN number?
My Brokerage statement shows "Adjusted due to previous wash sale disallowed loss" what does this mean?
Does the FATCA laws also relates to individuals incomes?
Why do banks require small businesses to open a business bank account instead of a cheaper personal one?
ISA trading account options for US citizens living in the UK
As a UK entity, how to contract with a U.S.-based contractor? Implications for tax/VAT?
Do marketmakers always quote a bid and ask simultaneously
Get free option quotes
Figuring out an ideal balance to carry on credit cards
How is my employer affected if I have expensive claims on my group health insurance?
Is there a rule of thumb when getting roommates in a house?
How bad is it to have a lot of credit available but not used?
Rupee Cost Averaging (SIP) vs. Value Cost Averaging (VIP) in mutual funds?
Comparing keeping old car vs. a new car lease
How do self employment equipment/software deductions work?
VAT in daily rate
How to exchange a heavy box of mixed-denomination coins?
Should question 1 on the Student Information Worksheet be interpreted literally?
Where is income sourced if I work for an agency in one state that provides my services in another?
Gift card fraud: To whom to report? How to recover funds? Is the party which issued me the card liable?
Are distributions from Roth 401k or Roth IRA accounts taxed in India?
How do I calculate "Business Use " of my home when I moved mid-year?
What is the penalty for contributing to a Roth 401k when my AGI is over the limit?
How do I discuss charitable contributions with a difficult Significant Other?
Tax implications of gift from UK to US
Can F1 OPT +H1B claim tax treaty benefits
For the purpose of filing taxes in Canada, is participating in ESPP considered to exercising stock options?
Any reason to keep around my account with my old, 'big' bank?
If stock price drops by the amount of dividend paid, what is the use of a dividend
Where/Who do I have to notice the family status (after marriage) change to in Germany?
What do the numbers on my credit/debit card mean?
Summary of analyst views
Is a Canadian student in the U.S. tax exempt for both W-2 and 1042-S?
Can I claim UI benefits in NY if I moved few months ago?
Amend 540 to 540NR (California State Tax)
Where to save money in preparation of buying second house?
Do I count as student loan interest the payments I make on a PLUS loan that was taken out for my tuition?
I carelessly invested in a stock on a spike near the peak price. How can I salvage my investment?
How do auto-loan payments factor into taxes for cars that are solely used by dependent(s)?
What should I do with a low value pension that I probably won't contribute any more to?
Difference between GOOGL and GOOG
How are options traded on exchanges priced?
What should I consider when I try to invest my money today for a larger immediate income stream that will secure my retirement?
Is issuer's bank allowed to charge fee when cashing check?
First time consultant, doubts on Taxation
How are mutual/index fund MERs fees charged?
OTC Stocks - HUGE gains?
Who performs the blocking on a Visa card?
What is the meaning of "$N industry"?
After paying HR Block for a consultation, are you actually obligated to file your taxes with them if they've found ways to save you money?
How to improve the late payment score on credit report
Who originates loans guaranteed by the USDA Farm Service Agency?
How do I calculate the (likely) property taxes on a new home in a new area?
How did I end up with a fraction of a share?
Personal Loan issuer online service
I gave an incorrect account number to pay my income taxes
Difference in rent listed on company's website and the lease they sent me
I have $20k of imaginary gains from trading last year due to wash sale rules. Should/can I take mark to market?
Should I pay off my student loans or keep it in the bank?
US tax for a resident NRI
American citizens playing foreign sweepstakes
For Federal Crimes, where does the money collected from penalties go?
Roth conversion: US tax brackets for Non-resident Aliens (residing in India)
HELOC with no first mortgage (for liquidity--no plans to spend it)
Is there a tax deduction for renting office space in service of employer?
How do you use the formula for YTM when the compounding is semi-annual?
Chart total return of mutual fund vs. stock with dividends reinvested?
Can I file taxes in the state where I own a home even if I don't live there?
Do I need an official receipt to claim a charitable tax credit?
Is it bad to consolidate and pay off private student loans with margin from my brokerage account?
How to unlock the equity in my leased vehicle?
What if I don't have records of capital gains?
Facebook application income (India)
Do I need to file a tax return on zero income in the US if I became a resident late in December?
So far, expect to only make (1099) income in Q1 of 2014... What's my estimated liability?
What are some options for sending and receiving money electronically?
Removed Excess Contribution HSA in next calendar year, received 1099-SA in current year
Opening and funding an IRA in three days - is this feasible?
Avoiding Double-Reporting Income (1099-MISC plus 1099-K)
Investment property information resources
Can I transfer money from an NRE account to a USA checking account?
Deducting related educational trading expenses from LLC?
Should I remodel or buy a bigger house?
Deducting SEP-IRA contributions as a sole proprietor with no employees
Is my spouse at risk for a joint filing in a year where I have settled a major debt?
Tax on Stocks or ETF's
Can you explain why it's better to invest now rather than waiting for the market to dip?
If Roth IRAs are not reported on income tax returns, how does the IRS police them?
Buying property in India : joint owner
Buying property in India : FBAR declaration.
Selling property in India and gettting back money to USA
Buying property in India: paying loan/mortgage
Estimated Tax Requirements (1040es) Seem Low
Does it make sense to trade my GOOGL shares for GOOG and pocket the difference?
How much can I make (or how many hours can I work) while receiving social security benefits?
Why is the price of my investment only updated once per day?
How close to prime rate for a loan?
Property appraisal protest question
What is the term for a shared budget?
Do I have to pay tax both in NYC and England?
Does making credit card tax payment through service provider constitute IRS form 4868 extension request?
Is contributing to traditional IRA then converting to Roth a way around MAGI limit?
Can I claim a full tax deduction in India of the entire amount withheld from my U.S.-source income?
Can an ETF's expense ratio (fees) change after I buy it?
Tax implications of selling part of land associated with main home
Automatic Extension online filing request gets denied w/ code R0000-052-01 - why?
Free cash flow and capex on morningstar.com
What to do if a state and federal refund is denied direct deposit?
Is it inadvisable to leave a Roth IRA to charity upon death?
UK Expat with BVI company, can my company bank in the UK
Is buying co-workers lunches(reimbursed by them) taxable?
How can I avoid being fined or penalized because my accountant might have failed to file my taxes on time?
Deadline to amend a 1040 tax return filed late?
How to contact the IRS to determine if your taxes have been filed by a CPA?
Is it acceptable to balance transfer a credit card's balance to itself?
Futures margin requirements, can more than the initial margin be used to open a contract
What are some creative ways to run up my credit card bill without any cost to me?
Auto loan and student loan balance
When the market price for a stock is below a tender offer's price, is it free money (riskless) to buy shares & tender them?
Low risk withdrawal from market. Is there a converse to dollar-cost-averaging?
What is the added advantage of a broker being a member of NFA in addition to IIROC
Do I build credit at the same rate when my wife and I share a card?
Whats the difference between a qualified and an unqualified covered call?
Should I convert all my money to local currency when I study abroad?
Loss from selling mutual funds and tax in U.S
MasterCard/Visa: For my second card should I stay with the same network?
Unclaimed Foreign Inheritance
Accounting for paying bills for (and being reimbursed by) another person
How early in a year can one report tax in U.S.?
Can I withdraw cash from selling investments before the settlement date?
How to check about my unfiled tax return 15 yrs ago in the US or how to determine if I still have unpaid taxes to pay
Do Credit card companies only process your transactions or pay for them?
What diference are between carryover and carryforward in U.S. individual tax?
Which state shall I report my tax to?
How to know if I can have NOL (U.S. tax)?
Can I use freefilefillableforms.com to report my federal tax?
In 1040 form, where shall I report my "Total Capital Gain Distributions" reported by 1099-DIV?
How to report specified private activity bond interest dividends?
Can I afford this condo?
How to report "foreign tax paid" from 1099-DIV?
Is the fund received to my indian bank from foreign bank taxable?
Is the address on 1040 and MD resident 502 my previous address in 2013 or my current address?
How to sell a ring to someone in another country?
Is a 401k annual increase program relevant if I'm already maxxing out my contributions?
Can I get an assignment notice as soon as I sell a covered call
What happened to GOOG-stock? Why isn't it 1.000 USD?
Delayed foreign credit card transaction refund created "profit" due to better exchange rate - who keeps the profit?
Allocation of HSA assets
Best way to get started as a young engineer student trying to get into the financial world
Do I need to file tax form 1099 misc for my royalties?
Does SPY option prices fluctuate as much as its underlying
Can a deeper ITM call be cheaper than a less deep ITM call for same expiry date
Moved to the USA from Canada; what is best to do with RRSP?
Online service that computes implied volatility
Why does an option lose time value faster as it approaches expiry
Why IV and stock price are inversely related
Evidence For/Against Real Estate Investing Vis-a-vis Investing in ETFs
What is an "Options Account"?
Do banks give us interest even for the money that we only had briefly in our account?
How much in gifts can I receive per year in the US?
How should I include pension contributions in my UK Child Benefit calculations?
Any problem if I continuously spend my credit card more than normal people?
Should I collect receipts after paying with a card?
Comparing option data between yahoo finance and CBOE for SPY options
Does a large open interest with zero volume in an option give any clues to the trader
Why would someone want to buy an option on the day of expiry
OVDP Penalty calculation for the year of double residency
Is my HSA contribution "individual" or "family" if I had a qualifying event mid year?
How to evaluate investment risk in practical terms
What is fuel surcharge in India?
Why are US treasury bonds priced in 32nds?
How to read an implied volatility percentile chart
Relation between inflation rates and interest rates
Non-Resident Alien investing in a Vanguard mutual fund: is this allowed?
I have about 20 000 usd. How can invest them to do good in the world?
few question about debit credit and liabilities
Are U.S. aliens international money transfers taxable?
Would there be tax implications if I used AirBnB as opposed to just renting out a unit normally?
Are futures options eligible for the 60/40 tax rule?
Does anyone know what Bank of NY Mellon's EB DLs are?
APR without principal repayment?
Taxes when exercising stock options in a privately held startup
Finance the land on a non-financeable house?
Can I be refunded the custom duties I already paid to import a product?
Calculating cost of loan
How does an enlarged share base affect share price?
Shorting versus selling to hedge risk
Making Sense Of This Sentence
What is the difference between a perpetuity and an annuity?
How does a delta signify the probability of expiring in the money
Probablity of touching In the money vs expiring in the money for an american option
Why Gamma is highest for an option that is at the money
Whats the difference between day trading and flipping and their tax implications?
US Tax: Can I modify my state tax return after submitting?
Tax implications of ESPP shares when company is bought out
Understanding option commission costs
Does coownership of a bank account have tax implications?
In need of Algebra assistance
What tax laws apply to Meetup group income?
Mistake of 401 comingled account
Do algorithmic trading platforms typically have live-data access to stock data?
Which software can I use to do partial / progress invoicing? i.e. invoicing several installments?
What are the lowest-expense index funds available to an EU citizen?
How do we correctly sum up returns
Can a safety deposit box fee reduce my taxes if I don't itemize?
Expense ratio of an ETF included in the price or calculated separately
Penalty for withdrawing from RRSP and putting it back into another RRSP
What are the risks to using a tax-free bond fund for short term savings (1-2 years)?
old LLC - revival question and Tax implication
Best way to invest money as a 22 year old?
Is it wise to switch investment strategy frequently?
How do I determine capital gains tax on a vacation property for 2014?
Working with Real Estate Agents
Using a FOREX platform to actually change money
Why does my car insurance premium go up when I remove my wife?
How does 83b election work when paying fair market value at time of grant?
what does "payout" mean
How can I know the minimum due credit card payment and date for an ANZ Visa card?
Is this the correct math for estimating federal taxes using marginal tax brackets?
Is the average true range a better measure of volatility than historical volatility
What to do when my accountant still hasn't filed my year-old personal taxes
If an index goes up because an underlying company issues more shares, what happens to the ETF
Australian superannuation - simple index fund investments with low fees
Renting with the Help to Buy: mortgage guarantee scheme
Splitting already paid bills with housemate
UK university student finance - should I use my sponsorship money to pay the debt?
Difference between naked put, covered put, protective put
How to save money on currency conversion
Pros, cons, and taxation of Per Diem compensation?
What's the difference between a certified check, a cashier's check, a money order, and a bank draft?
Can I pay a bill on a credit card (without cash advance)
How often do Savings Banks in India pay interest?
Use Roth IRA to pay portion of federal student loans?
How could a company survive just on operations cash flow, i.e. no earnings?
Good Percentage Return on Equity?
Remitting Money To India Towards Home Loan Repayment
Are United States Payroll taxes refunded?
Transfering money to personal saving account in India
Taking out a private loan to pay off student loans
How do you declare an interest free loan?
Relocating for first real job out of college?
Should I care about the expense ratio of the money market fund that holds excess cash in my brokerage account?
Formula for determining equity in a home (multiple parties)
What's the difference between 365D, 52W, 12M, 1Y in stock market?
What is the best safe way to earn most interest of 100k savings?
Convention for adding ishares (ETFs) into personal accounts
Do I have to pay an advisor 3% to transfer a pot of £49,000 to another pension provider?
What can I do with unused cheque book?
How are Share Awards and Sales Treated?
Quantiative Easing fuels stock markets, but why?
What's the difference between shares outstanding and regular shares?
A basic put option example
Is there any reason to buy shares before/after a split?
Switch between funds - Standard Life pension scheme
Will I be liable for taxes if I work for my co. in India for 3 months while I am with my husband in UK
Why do I need an attorney to buy a house?
Deposit to help out my Sister to buy her first flat with fiance
What do I need to know before getting a loan?
How does a stock operate when it is listed between two exchanges?
Should I pay extra towards my mortgage or HELOC?
Is there a way to monitor when executives or leaders in a company sell off large holdings?
What gives non-dividend stocks value to purchasers?
Is avoiding fees commonly found with CFD trading possible?
According to yahoo finance, Vanguard's Dividend Growth Fund does not appear to have dividend growth. Why is that?
Can I roll my current Roth IRA in my name and my spouse's name into a Roth IRA that is only in my spouse's name?
Difference between Fortnightly and Monthly pay
Self Assessment UK - Goods and services for your own use
Do lenders usually do multiple credit inquiries only a month apart?
What is the "substantial difference" that might occur in the google shares?
Interpreting mutual fund performance: "Earnings" vs. gains/losses?
60-Day "Borrowing" From an IRA
Can after-hours trading affect options pricing?
What does investment bank risk during IPO?
How can I cash US treasury check in India?
How can I take out a loan to repay my parents for school debt?
Self employment taxation as a non-resident citizen
Transferring large sums of money overseas
On average, is it a good idea to check off the "automatic rebalancing" checkbox on a managed retirement plan?
What does a contract's worth mean?
What are some ways to determine if taking on debt is worth it?
Buying a House and Taking Part of 20% to move initial payment date forward
Short term loan from parents and the IRS
Is SoFi too good to be true?
Retirement saving without employer sponsered plan?
Should I negotiate a lower salary to be placed in a lower tax bracket?
What does volume and huge daily price increases say about stock prices?
"Top down" and "bottom-up approach"
Do I have to pay MLP distribution if short via option?
Double-entry accounting: how to keep track of mortgage installments as expenses?
When is it worth it to buy dividend-bearing stocks?
How risky is it to keep my emergency fund in stocks?
Credit score getting lower - but I'm doing everything right?
When does a mutual fund's "expense ratio" deducted?
Delay in debt appearing on credit card statement
Income tax return for 2013 in Germany - how to?
Claiming business expenses for a business with no income
What are the variable costs for an information company?
ISA - intra year profits and switching process
Large paychecks (RSUs) and taxes
How much of my losses due to investments in a LLC can I deduct?
How will my credit score be affected by a large purchase that raises my utilization if I pay it in full?
Returning Financial Capital to Investors
Is amount transferred by third party to savings account considered as income?
Frequency of investments to maximise returns (and minimise fees)
Tax on graduate research assistant salary paycheck in California
REITs - Traditional Account or Roth
What percent of my salary should I save?
How did Bloomberg keep such a high share of his company?
Why futures has a mark to market concept that is not present in stocks
Saving for retirement without employer sponsored plan
Tax on insurance payment due to car deemed as total loss?
How to buy short term and ultra short term bonds
Peer to Peer Lending Small notes Vs Large Notes
15 yr mortgage amortized as 30 yr with balloon, pay off early?
Can I contribute to an IRA from investment income?
Is there data and proof that a diversified portfolio can generate higher returns than the S&P 500 Index?
Tax documents in Italy
What is the difference between direct plans and Institutional Plan?
How can I cash on equity in my home
Entered trade to buy 500 sh at 57.06 aon stock traded at 56 but no execution broker said aon prevented execution can this happen?
Getting Branch Location using Account/Routing Number in US/Canada
When is money in a private stock sale considered income for tax purposes?
I Lost $1000+ on EntroPay - How should I best pursue getting my money back?
Money Market Account
Can I claim my wife as dependent once she gets her SSN, for a previous years return?
Some U.S. Tax Questions (CPA Concerns)
Origin of a market makers inventory
What benefits do "title search companies" have over physically visiting a land records offices?
Does hitting one type of deduction cap exhaust deductions for other types of donations?
Pros and Cons of Interest Only Loans
Why is volatility in a positive direction clubbed in the same risk category as volatility in a negative direction?
What is the difference between the asset management division in an investment bank and an investment company?
What are the consequences of cashing out a whole life insurance policy?
How can I figure out how much to bid on a parking space?
Avoiding timing traps with long term index investing
Canada: Can an accountant know if you owe for previous years you did not file
Problems with Enterprise Value and better valuation techniques
Does a 1045 exchange require any filing prior to that years tax return?
How can I cash out a check internationally?
Is using an offshore bank account for my company and spending that money in my country of residence considered illegal tax evasion?
Tax Question for US Citizen moving abroad
Should I pay off student loans with existing retirement savings?
Why aren't muni bond yields driven to the point of indifference?
What to do with old company's 401k?
After moving a 401k to a Traditional IRA, can I move it back out to another 401k?
I want to invest in Gold. Where do I go and buy it?
Calculating investment value of student debt and career choices
Is it a bet on price fluctuations and against the house?
In debts now, help please
What is the difference between Child Benefit and Child Tax Credit?
What is an effective way to convert large sums of US based investments to foreign currencies?
Sort Code, Account Number, but no account name
Should I avoid credit card use to improve our debt-to-income ratio?
I am under 18 years old, in the US, my parents have terrible credit, how can I take out a loan?
Can a Nepalese (Asian) open a bank account in US without visiting there?
Still pay for a cancelled transaction with a credit card?
What loan options are there for minors?
How to organize bills and receipts?
Is pacific tycoon a legitimate company?
How do I fill my W4 allowances as a foreign student with two internships this year?
Is a non-cash prize form a work event in California taxable compensation?
How to use credit card (Barclaycard UK) merely to build the credit history?
Must banks in both countries be open for business in order for send a SWIFT/ international money wire?
Declare Bankruptcy or Just Wait Seven Years?
Solving for mortgage payment amount and its deduction on the total principal?
Getting new credit card during home loan application
What happens if the term insurance company closes?
How to get money transferred from the United States to India?
Legal and tax implications of former H1B holder trading in IRA account from India?
Property Records - Foreclosure and Fair Market Purchase, Over and Over
How are long term capital gains taxes calculated?
Selling within a Roth IRA and contributing the same year?
What are some important factors to consider before investing in a stock/index fund and why?
What is the best use of "spare" money?
Using credit cards online: is it safe?
How can I refute an excessive surcharge for debit card payment?
Why is salary a credit if money comes in?
Do technical indicators actually work while analyzing stocks?
How does an insurance policy's Six Month Premium work?
Credit Card with rewards points
Is it better to buy a company with a lower book value?
Roth IRA Limits for Dual-Income Family
What will happen to my wife's debt when she passes away?
How can I correct a mistake on my Credit Score?
Student Loan Debt Forgiveness And The Foreign Earned Income Exclusion
Late to file S-Corp taxes in US
Canadian accepting money electronically from Americans
Is there a way I can get bid/ask price data on the NSE in real time?
How do I do double-entry bookkeeping for separately-managed investment accounts?
Following an investment guru a good idea?
Borrowing from Solo 401K vs Line of Credit
Dual Citizen British/US and online business taxes
Born in the U.S.A., but I have no SSN & I live in Canada. Must I file a U.S. income tax return each year?
Conveyancing Solicitor problems UK
If I donate depreciated stock to charity, can I deduct both the market value and the capital loss?
Interest on last month rent deposit
Why do both stock and bond seem overvalued in 2014?
Ways to get the payment from international client
Keeping your statement balance below ~30% of your credit limit
What happens if I have to return something that I purchased with a credit card that is now canceled?
For Sole Trader is Income Tax better paid from Business or Personal Bank Accounts?
Tax rebate on home loan
Where should I park my rainy-day / emergency fund?[INDIA]
Is there a simple strategy of selling stock over a period of time?
Tax Benefits of Loaning to Loss-Making UK Company
What equity would I have when selling early on in mortgage?
Dell stock buy back
What are the limitations of prepaid payment cards (compared to credit cards)?
Do US ATMs need magnetic stripes?
Taxation on DRIPs in Canada
Settling small transactions between friends via cash vs bank transfer
How do I check my opening balance in Quicken 2014?
I have a 2003 Dodge Caravan with 36,000 on it . Auto repairman says age of car means more repairs
Are guarantor loans reliable or shady business?
Does inflation equal more loans?
Why do I need a credit card to rent a car or hotel room, but not to rent an apartment?
Should I make additional payments on a FHA loan, or save up for a refinance?
are there any special procedures for managing non-petty cash?
Will moving significant amount of cash by using debit card cause problems in the USA?
What standards should I expect of my CPA when an error was made?
When investing a settlement, what tax ramifications should be considered?
Flexible Spending Account & Job Change
Interpreting a Futures Quote
Standardized loan options to purchase employee stock options
Paying for things on credit and immediately paying them off: any help for credit rating?
Is it taxable if someone return me money?
Short position with bullish outlook
TreasuryDirect - workaround for requiring certified forms to change bank account info
Investment options in Australia
Tuition related repayment deduction
In double-entry book keeping, is income always negative?
Why must identification be provided when purchasing a money order?
Do US banks exchange info with countries abroad?
financial institution wants share member break down for single member LLC
250k USD in savings. What's next?
Extra revenue for retiree receiving a basic public pension
How different are exchange rates for major banks on a given day?
What happens to checking account monthly fees when you have a 0 balance?
Can I refinance my student loans and keep an IBR plan?
Where should I sign on this check?
Is there a rule of thumb to help "Sanity check" insurance costs?
Is the Chrysler extended warranty coverage worth it?
Freelancer: Should I start a second bank account?
What is a good service that will allow me to practice options trading with a pretend-money account?
Pros/cons of replicating a "fund of funds" with its component funds in my IRA?
How do I get out from under an underwater mortgage without destroying my credit?
How are the Dow 30 chosen?
Can I buy IPO stock during the pre-market trading on the day of IPO?
401k rollovers (pre & post tax contributions)
I am an Indian citizen residing in the US on H-1B. Can I send my earnings to India to my regular Savings Bank Account?
Which of these unrealized profit calculations is correct? And, why other calculations are wrong?
Conversion of House Sale Proceeds in INR to USD or CDN$ for transfer to Canada
Mortgage Overpayments Two Accounts
Transfer money from Citibank to Norway TT vs Visa withdrawal
Does investing money in other currencies help pad losses in case of a stock market crash?
mortgage on half property
Does using savings to pay off debt in bulk look bad on one's credit report?
Old Cancelled Cards
Pay taxes through employer payroll withholding for 1099 work?
Which card data online merchant can store and what can he do with it?
Why does it matter if a Central Bank has a negative rather than 0% interest rate?
What constitutes illegal insider trading?
What happens to options after a stock split?
Is there such a thing as "stock insurance"?
Need to Purchase Homeowner's Association Documents?
How to start disability insurance when already disabled?
Calculation for balancing portfolio percentage vs. risk
My company terminated me and closed my Flexible Spending Account
Calculate Finance Rate, Interest Amount when we have below line Fees
Starting an investment portfolio with Rs 5,000/-
Why are stocks having less institutional investors a "good thing"?
How to screen on Morningstar for GOLD rated mutual funds
I am not a US Citizen But Can co own the LLC company with my US National Cousin?
Is there a way to live with and contribute to someone else's mortgage payments without the money being considered taxable rent income?
What is the simplest way to describe indexed universal life?
What are the costs of using home equity to invest in another property?
Is there a way to set a stop for a stock before you own it?
When printing a check from a business account is it possible to print it on the smaller (personal) check paper?
What is better - Easy Monthly Installments (EMI) or upfront single payment?
Will I owe any taxes if I can write off every cent?
Can stockholders choose NOT to elect a board of directors?
Do I have to pay income tax if my friend uses my bank account to transfer funds to a third party?
How can I understand why investors think a particular company should have a high PE ratio?
How can I remove a deceased co-signer from my Auto-loan?
Should I max out my TFSA contribution before any other investments?
Loss making business with high share prices?
Deciding between Employee Stock Option and Restricted Stock
Are UK cash ISA's cumulative?
Should I have separate business and personal accounts for my start up?
Settling before T+3?
First Job, should I save or invest?
Sample of first-year choice statement to be treated as dual-status alien
Which income tax return filing form to use in India
Married couple, high combined income: Can we contribute to IRA, on top of 401k?
What happens in small quantity limit orders?
What US law requires a bank to reopen a closed account if a third party sends money to it?
Can I withdraw unsettled funds?
Trading security and tax
Working in Iran for foreign company
Should I lease a 2nd car to replace my 12-yr old car?
Flexplan - a company is taking over another, do I pay the balance?
Transfer money from NRE account to a local Indian account
How to distinguish gift from payment for the service?
How do I invest in other currencies without leverage?
How do I receive payment from the USA to my current account in India
Is it legal to pay for online advice? How would it be taxed?
How are part-year California resident income taxes calculated?
Can I transfer my 401k vesting period between companies owned by the same corporation?
How can I download price data given the ISIN?
Dealing with temporary accounts
Is this the right house and time or do I need more time to save for downpayment?
Job Offer - Explain Stock Options [US]
How to calculate the tax basis for long term capital gain on an apartment building?
How to change if we did mistake in E-Filing income tax in India
Investing in gold with a foreign currency
Life insurance policy
If I want a Credit Card offered through a different Credit Union should I slowly transition my banking to that CU?
Should I be more aggressive in a Roth IRA, 401k, or taxable account?
What numbers do I look at to adjust my salary increases for inflation?
Why does Yahoo Finance's data for a Vanguard fund's dividend per share not match the info from Vanguard?
Do I need to get a business license if I charge users to play on my Minecraft server?
In the face of currency exchange rate, pay off loan or not?
In India, what is the difference between Current Account and a Savings Bank Account?
Gift credit card with no inactivity fee?
Do any publically available documents from IR or SEC include all patents the company holds?
What is the effect of options expiration on equity pricing?
How much will 3 hard inquiries effect my credit score?
What can I do with "stale" checks? Can I deposit/cash them?
Should I make more conservative investments in my company 401(K) if I'm going to leave the job in a couple of years?
Where should a young student put their money?
Can academics write-off research-related expenses? (United States)
Minor stakes bought at a premium & valuation for target company
UK Ltd taxation on stocks/bonds income and real estate rent income
What are some way to decide if a e-commerce site is reliable?
How does a FICO score start out?
Should you always rollover a 401k to a personal IRA after leaving a company?
Can I have more than one current account
Found old bank book of my mothers
When does a public company report a balance sheet?
If my 401k plan allows for pretax and Roth contributions, why would I want to open an IRA?
Emergency Fund vs. Student Loan Payment
Can I trade more than 4 stocks per week equally split between two brokers without "pattern day trading" problems?
Green index funds?
How does tax withholding work for capital gains of selling stock?
Reversing Electronic Transfer of Money
Strategy to minimize taxes due to unpaid wages?
Swedish Eurocard Credit Card
Uncashed lawsuit settlement check
Best option for transferring Euros into Indian NRE account?
Am I on the hook for medical bills by people that are on my health insurance?
Can I use stop limit orders on vanguard orders to prevent loss?
How do I get audited in India and what happens after that?
Can shop in EU refuse to accept a banknote if there is no change?
How can I calculate minimum payment on quick loan?
Why are real-term bond yields systematically declining, and what does it mean for investors?
What are the Long Term Capital Gains for this real estate sale in India?
Understanding Effective Annual Interest Rate concept
Is it impossible to get a home loan with a poor credit history after a divorce?
How do I deal with a clinic billing mistake that was sent to collections?
Settling house with husband during divorce. Which of these two options makes the most sense?
What are the options for transfering money when moving to the US?
Is there a way to create a limit order with both an upper and lower limit
Can customs access PayPal payment data
Escrow check with past void date?
Using a secured credit card to build a credit score for a new permanent resident
Is PAYE Mandatory for Making Salary Payments
I'm upside down on my car loan and need a different car, what can I do?
Why are businesses allowed to deduct expenses from their income, while individuals generally cannot?
First Year Choice (H1b visa) and Child Tax Credit?
Gift tax on currency exchange with friend?
How does 1099 work with my own company
How can I find a lost 401K from a past employer?
Why does the IRS only allow for the itemized deduction of one type of state tax?
Obtaining historical values for a stock
Putting the gordon equation into practice
Why is a home loan (mortgage) cheaper than gold loan?
Having a flat rented for me on expenses vs having a payrise
For young (lower-mid class) investors what percentage should be in individual stocks?
Can I deduct my individual Health Insurance Premium in Tax
Should I charge VAT on a customer who is VAT registered in a EU country?
Why does Yahoo Finance and Google Finance not match historical prices?
Calculating IRR with cashflows vs NAV - getting different answers
Does a post-dated check have any *valid* use for delaying payment?
Return a Roth IRA distribution
What is the deadline to file FBAR for a foreigner recently arrived in the US?
How to flip my options?
Is it possible to re-consolidate student loans after marriage?
Auto debit vs slight over-payment - which is better for a student loan?
Is a 100k salary twice as expensive as a 50k from the employer's point of view?
Questions regarding mailing Notice CP22A
What to do if my aging father is sustaining a hobby that is losing several thousand dollars every month?
Tax deduction for rental repairs after tenant moves out?
Online broker available in Europe - to buy index funds or ETF with small investments
What steps or checks should I do to see if a lending company that cold-called me is legit? Too risky?
What is the risk to a high-yield corporate bond fund versus an investment-grade corporate bond fund?
ROI on Forex Trading
Does it make sense to check your credit score before applying for a first credit card?
What is "liquidation preference", and what are its terms?
Rural home purchase contingent on Internet access availability?
How do I calculate my annual percentage yield?
When does the FHA premium drop off? Refinance to drop MIP
German stock exchange, ETR vs FRA
Superficial loss, converting mutual fund to ETF in Canada
Homeowner's policy - will insurance pay coverage amount in case of a loss?
How to calculate cash loss over time?
Should I pay off my house note before selling it? How does this affect my tax liability on the sale?
How can I prove to the IRS that I didn't receive income that an employer incorrectly reported?
Same fund in ETF and investor share, different expense ratio?
Does paying bills or shopping with a credit card build credit better?
Is there an equivalent of writing calls on personal real estate holdings
Is it okay to put household utilities in girlfriend's name if I own the home?
Missed open enrollment 401k date, do not want to wait until next year
What is the future of 401(k) in terms of stability and reliability?
Does a 0% on Purchases Credit Card include cashback from a store?
Am I using my credit card wrong?
What should I do with my credit card debt?
Why is a US credit score based on credit utilization?
What's the catch with biweekly mortgage payments?
What's the catch with accidental death/disability mortgage insurance?
Joint Account for Common Earnings
Are the inheritance laws different for a green card holding spouse in the U.S. vs a U.S. Citizen?
Using matching on 401k and then cashing out
Treasury bills, how do they work?
Getting over that financial unease? Budgeting advice
Where do company filings go first?
Physical replication ETFs that do not pay out dividends
Where can you find dividends for Australian Stock Market Shares (ASX) for more than 2 years of data?
Where do I invest my Roth IRA besides stock market and mutual funds?
Refused for Debt Consolidation Loan. Why would I be denied this loan?
What to do about infrequent false credit judgement?
How to calculate taxes for an online business?
Received a call to collect on a 17 year old, charged off debt. What do I do?
Student Loan versus Cash ISA
Applying for a mortgage with multiple lendors in a 2 week period
Savings account vs Roth 401k
Paying down debt during a no-interest period
Is it legal for a vendor to reuse credit details from a previous transaction
Live in California but work for Illinois-based company
Why do you think there is a difference in these 2 funds' expense ratios?
UK ISA - Can Only contribute to 1 provider a year?
Is it possible to add a EUR Master Card in PayPal?
Any sane way to invest in both funds and stocks with UK ISA?
What happens to the gains or losses made on the non-vested portion of a 401k after you leave your job?
What are online payment options with no chargeback protection?
As an individual investor, does it always make sense to sell a stock that's gone up due to a merger announcement?
Will charity donation have no effect on my taxes if I take the standard deduction?
How do you calculate whether a 4 year mortgage term is cheaper than a 5 year term?
Is a lease without signature valid/enforceable?
Am I eligible for a refund of Social Security and Medicare taxes for when I was on an F-1 visa?
Determining CMHC insurance premium
What are the common Income Tax deduction for salary earned in Saudi Arabia
Tax implications on money transferred to NRO account
Good trust account in the UK
Can credit card be used as a debit card by making payments into credit card before even using it?
What should be the maximum affordable loan earning X per month?
Is it possible to use an RRSP mortgage to pay off a line of credit?
How do I calculate interest on a personal loan with irregular withdrawals and payments?
Historical company performance data
Is there any way to cash in a pension fund?
Investments - Huge drop in bid price versus last close
For an equivalent company security, does it make more sense to trade them in country with dividend tax free?
Official tax transcript from IRS
Reporting of amortization expenses to FTB California
How Should I Start my Finance Life and Invest?
Does crossing tax bracket matter when choosing to repay loans early?
Possibility of donations in an educational site
What is the logic behind peak interest rates for 390 days FDs in India?
Can you point me to the correct US tax forms if I have a Canadian TFSA mutual fund?
In the US, do brokers or mutual fund managers typically help clients calculate capital gains for tax purposes?
Can a check be indorsed anywhere, or just in the specified area?
Systematic investment plan interest calculation
Lump Sum Investing vs. Dollar Cost Averaging (as a Long Term Investor)
Best way to transfer abroad loan amount to Indian parents Savings Account
How long will defect remain in credit history?
Can I use an HSA to pay financed payments for LASIK?
Formula for variable rate Canadian mortgage
Having two different employer healthcare plans
Can one insure a home's AC unit?
Can I cash in a ripped bill?
Is there a "Rollover as business startup" for IRA?
How to invest Rs.10k in India
Where is the adjusted EPS in the 10-Q form?
How can I open a Canadian bank account from within the US? I am a Canadian citizen residing in the US
Question on Free Credit Report
Question about converting PayPal funds (and quickly)
When is an event worth insuring against?
Equifax credit report insurance quotations
Net money invested in Stock indexes ended up in red
Calculate the optimum contribution to Provident Fund(PF) account
What factors may affect the future value of collectible items?
Amex Backdating
Are search engine rewards taxable?
Is Money earned outside India transferred in NRO a/c instead of NRE a/c taxable in India?
Why would you use an IFA for choosing a pension fund
VAT listing on repair job
Is there any Justification in Diversifying AMONG low-fee mutual index funds of the same index?
1031 Exchange and Taxes?
Is it possible to get a debit card for a non-US-citizen nephew without foreign transaction fees?
US dividends double taxation for foreigners (UK)
Simple Property Management Software
SEC forms filed under different company name
How to take care of multiple student loans (consolidation, payment strategies)
Any downsides to having both 401k AND Roth 401k
Is a Roth IRA preferable to a Traditional IRA?
Choosing currencies when using credit card on vacation
Nominating a non-citizen to be the recipient of assets
US-NYC Tax question about self-employment work online for a Europe based company
Why would a long-term investor ever chose a Mutual Fund over an ETF?
Empirical performance data of ETFs and Mutual Funds tracking identical Indexes?
What is the best strategy for after hours trading?
What to know before purchasing Individual Bonds?
How does Value get rounded in figuring out Bonds Value?
How does a Non US citizen gain SEC Accredited Investor Status?
Can I claim spouse exemption for my dual status alien spouse?
Trading stocks for foreign non-resident citizen
How do you go about exercising a put option with less than 100 shares?
Employer match after tax?
22 year old with about $3300 in collections, should I pay it all at once or in payments to improve credit score?
Website for e-filing income tax india
Tax on NRE account
Legality of purchasing uncirculated bricks of USD
Why does a long/purchased call option have a long position in the option itself?
Can net income attributed to shareholders exceed firmwide net income?
How far into a Defined Maturity Bond Fund does it stop making sense?
Small business tax dates, what is "the date" of a job?
Can I transfer HSA into my spouse's account?
Are precious metals/collectibles a viable emergency fund?
What is the best retirement strategy for an Indian?
What does it mean to be a "high fee" or "low fee" 401k?
Money on the table: Lorillard (LO)?
When should you use an actively managed mutual fund in a 401k?
How do you figure out your investment objectives?
Looking for a good source for Financial Statements
Which CHALLAN to use for paying tax
Can a company run a credit check on me without my permission?
Financial gift or nasty surprise
Taxes on someone else paying my mortgage
Why don't options chain prices vary smoothly?
How a company in India can misuse my PAN number and its scanned copy that I provided as an interview candidate?
Investing for Dividend Income with Canadian TFSA
Married filing separately - Can I take standard deduction if spouse has zero itemized deductions
How can I find out about right-of-way or easements when purchasing Land with powerlines?
For Non US resident is it better to invest in a start up as a individual or as a company?
Should I get a bank account since I recently got my first job?
Will I see a collection on my credit report if I paid the bill in full?
How can I register a UK business without providing a business address?
How do I check if I have already filed my taxes [Unites States]
Can a debt collector keep my payment info?
Time limit for health-insurance to pay doctor bill and send EOB
Query regarding Term plan
Employee stock : US tax for non-US citizen
What should I be doing with my money as I save for a down payment on a house?
Does a person who newly became Indian Citizen need to pay taxes for the asset he transfers to India from his ex-citizenship country?
Why do some companies (like this company) have such a huge per share price?
Verizon and I disagree about the duration of a contract. Do I have any recourse?
Who Bought A Large Number Of Shares?
Could you save money by not paying your student loans
Double-entry bookkeeping conundrum - how to log built-in fees?
Should credit card refunds within the payment period (but after the statement date) be charged interest?
Getting money from online websites I own to my UK bank account
How do companies like WhatsApp and Hike earn money?
Is money sent by my brother to buy a flat taxable?
Good Android app for mutual fund research?
Index Fund Tracking Error acceptable value
How to record a transaction with more than one purpose?
Filling Balance sheet in ITR4 for freelancers
What does this 401K statement mean?
Portfolio theory and the business cycle: Determining ideal allocation to stocks?
What's the tax rate on Roth IRA contributions for a nonresident alien?
Am I understanding buying options on stock correctly
Investing in third world countries
Are there guidelines for whom you should trust for financial advice (online, peer, experts, only myself, etc)
What type of person do i need to manage my life
How much of each stock do index funds hold?
Gold futures' margin
A goldsmith's hedging strategy, simplified
How can I transfer my money between US/Canada bank accounts with as little loss as possible?
My company is changing 401k plan providers. How long should my funds be "blacked out"
How do you get your Canadian stock information?
SEC Form 144 and Form 4 difference
adjust tax allowances
Moving out three months into my one year lease. What happens?
What does it mean that: "Home loan must be secured within 90% of the value of the property"
Where can one graph portfolio performance over time?
Will canceling one of my CapOne credit cards hurt my credit score?
Early withdrawal from retirement appears to have been penalized at 35% (on top of regular income taxes), rather than 25%?
Owing state tax Interest and a result of living in Maryland and working in Virginia
Where Can The Fully Diluted Outstanding Shares Of A Company Be Found?
Online brokers with a minimum stock purchase lower than $500
Add > 5,500 (excess contribution) to Roth IRA for temporary investment?
Why is paying mortgage interest considered by some to be beneficial?
What is a clearing bank, in specific, what does RMB clearing bank do?
In double entry accounting, as an employee, how do I enter expenses?
Is there a standard or best practice way to handle money from an expiring UTMA account?
Is 6% too high to trade stocks on margin?
401k strategy for non-resident Indian planning to return to india
Why GOOG is "After Hours" while FB is "Pre-market"?
Are Roth IRA withdrawals within the same year as contributions tax free?
Why and why would/wouldn't a company split their stock?
Loan math problem
How are derivatives different from bucket shops?
Employer is making a student loan payment on my behalf. Does this need to be claimed as personal income?
Formula for how to distribute a loan payment between multiple loans such that the remaining principal accrues the least interest?
Landlord retracts email offer of lease (Michigan, USA): What recourse do I have?
How to transfer money from the US to India without paying taxes?
Does insurance cover injury playing rec sports
Total assets and current assets
Applying additional student loan payments directly to principal while on a income-based repayment plan
Share holder or company getting the money when investor invests?
Variable universal life insurance vs traditional long-term investments
IRR Calculation
IS it the wrong time to get into the equity market immediately after large gains?
Which date to record for a transaction?
Chart analysis: What does this mean: 200 period moving average?
Risk tolerance as I age
What's an account called that always balances to 0?
Why the different fees for credit and debit card payments?
How should I think about stock dividends?
Why do the banks charge a foreign transaction fee?
How to Compare Two ETFs, Accounting for Expense Ratio?
How to Compare Two ETFs, accounting for Dividends?
Foreign bequests and gifts
Why would Two ETFs tracking Identical Indexes Produce different Returns?
As a contractor, should I overpay my mortgage or contribute to a pension?
Tax on Money transfered to India from UK?
Dual Citizen considering tax implications of working in second country of citizenship
Allocating IRA money, clarification needed
What is the purpose of Social Security and Medicare deductions from my paycheck?
Can a Canadian student with US resident alien status receive the tax treaty benefit after 5 years? If so, how much?
What solar panel subsidies does Australia have right now?
Weightage of products used for measuring inflation
Tax considerations for outsourcing freelance work to foreign country
Effects of past unemployment on mortgage refinance
Do financial advisers in Canada who work at the bank, make investing decisions not in your best interest?
When shorting a stock, do you pay current market price or the best (lowest) available ask price?
Why do grocery stores in the U.S. offer cash back so eagerly?
US immigrant working for foreign company
Motor insurance terms
How can I invest my personal money in my own Limited company in the UK?
I'm a UK citizen, can I use US stockbrokers?
Can banks deny that you've paid your loan?
Can I negotiate a credit card settlement by stopping payments?
Is interest expense a cash flow transaction?
Car taken out in a dealer
Should I get cash from credit card at 0% for 8 months and put it on loans?
European vs. American mortgage underwriting with regards to the health of the borrower
Ticker symbols differences between Yahoo Finance and BestInvest
Risk involved in buying LEAP put and selling short term puts against it?
Can a stock exchange cancel a trade after settlement?
How is stock price determined?
Why is the total 401(k) contribution limit (employee + employer) so high?
How dividend payout happens
What information do you need to provide for a domestic wire transfer?
Difference between a mortgage and buy-to-let in UK
Is there any way to pay online in a country with no international banking system
How to file income tax returns for profits from ESPP stock?
Side work and managing finances?
Will I be taxed in India
How to save tax in India
Who owned my shares before me?
Is it legal to start a new small business while owing personal back taxes?
Loan Amortization with Daily Calculation
Is income earned in the Carribbean considered taxable for a Canadian resident?
When do I need to pay interest on my short sell position?
Car insurance versus personal liability insurance
Exempt income and Roth IRA contributions
Do query services like Google Finance and Yahoo Finance go back to correct busted and adjusted trades?
Large volume options sell
Average interest rate vs compound interest rate
US VAT refund, can it be claimed at a later date?
How to choose a good 401(k) investment option?
How can I calculate my income for purposes of an IRA deduction when I have HSA/401k deductions?
What rules are there for re-characterizing IRA contributions for current tax year?
Early Exercise and 83(b) Election
What happens if I don't sell my share when my company is acquired
Can I refinance a 2004 car?
How to make sense of results from the IRS W-4 withholding calculator?
Transfer from regular savings to NRO account
Financial implications of purchasing a first home?
Calculating Pre-Money Valuation for Startup
What happens to the share of A company that I own which has been bought by B company?
How does the price of expiring bonds expected to change?
How do I find the mappings between sedol and isin codes?
Can I invest in the London stock market when resident on a visa?
What would be the appropriate account for written off loans to friends and family?
What account should passport renewal expenses go into?
Forex trading in US
Should I use IRA money to pay down my student loans?
Downsides to Salary Sacrifice? (UK)
How does the value of an asset (valued in two different currencies) change when the exchange rate changes?
Should I sell or keep the BMW car
Can Ontario university students apply for the "30% off Tuition" or any other significant grant offered by OSAP if they attend school outside Ontario?
What to do if I get refunded by my 401k for being considered HCE?
How should I record invoices in foreign currency in GNUCash?
What is an Installment Rate Percentage?
403(b) and ROTH IRA contribution and rollover
Is insurance worth it if you can afford to replace the item? If not, when is it?
Should a married couple co-sign a mortgage or not?
How can I take advantage of credit card cash back programs?
What are the cons of cancelling a high fee credit card?
Setting and measuring risk profile target for retirement account
Can a bank ask for a quicker repay of a part of a mortgage?
Will I pay tax in my account in India if I get a transfer from UK from a different party
What is the difference between an Independent Financial Advisor (IFA) and an Accountant?
Can a new company see how much you're being paid?
What's the proper way to calculate ROI per year given the ROI for a period of time?
Can you live through a corporation, i.e. conduct personal affairs through a business?
Is it bad to have multiple credit cards?
Too low interest rate in New Zealand
Short Term Capital Gains tax vs. IRA Withdrawal Tax w/o Quarterly Est. Taxes
Is it okay to be married, 30 years old and have no retirement?
Is there a downside to applying for several credit cards for rewards?
Why are credit cards preferred in the US?
Money blocked on debitcard by PayPal
Can I pay too much into an IRA?
Avoid Paying COBRA Premiums When Unused
How does a tax exemption for an action = penalty for inaction?
Facebook buying WhatsApp for 19 Billion. How are existing shareholders affected?
How is tax avoidance on home purchasing avoided with Fair Tax implementation?
are my calculations for PV, NPV, and rate of return right?
How to withdraw money given only account information (account number/routing number/etc.)
Day trading definition
How to insure belongings on road trip?
What does an interest rate "calculated daily and paid monthly" on my bank account exactly mean?
What is my Tax position on short term (90 day) on-site contracts in the UK and will I owe taxes in both countries?
How to pay taxes owed to IRS while in another country?
Minor open checking and saving account
How can we confirm if a telegraphic transfer has been credited to the beneficiary's account?
Should my live-in significant other and I both have renter's insurance?
Buying Fixed Deposit in India from Europe
Chipping away at large loan, or get rid of smaller ones? Student debt
Can I buy stock of a company that just IPO
Sudden Wealth Management
Worked abroad for first 7 months. How many allowances to put on my W4?
Need exit strategy for aging mother who owns aging rental properties, please
Income tax Rebate on more than one property
Dad paying for my new home in cash. How can I buy the house from him?
How do I invest in emerging markets
Paying for Long Term Care Insurance for relative
Should I only look at P/E ratio when valuing a stock?
What options exist to make money in the US on a work-restricted visa?
Best refinance option
Is it necessary to pay tax if someone lends me money to put into my mortgage?
Ways to invest my saved money in Germany in a halal way?
Is Quit Deed all I need?
Better to have a non-registered (taxable) investment account in one/both names and/or based on income?
Ideal investments for a recent college grad with very high risk tolerance?
We're taking a sabbatical in less than two years. Ideas for investing money until then?
Warren Buffett's partnership dividends
Is it good idea to sacrifice some capital for higher income?
How do I determine how much rent I could charge for a property or location?
US: personal income tax calculations and other costs
Why don't people generally save more of their income?
Should I pay rent electronically?
Can I back out from the lease before signing the contract
What is the denominator in the expense ratio?
Capital One Free Credit Report - Effect on Credit Score
Unpaid medical bill - Collection Notice
Pros/Cons of Buying Discounted Company Stock
Credit Cards drawn as Cash Advance to the max and moved abroad altogether
buying a duplex: do i have to pay taxes quarterly?
IRS-4506T, Request for Tax Transcripts reporting delay
Claim tax relief on purchase in UK as full time employee
How does Wells Fargo use my phone number to find my Bank of America account?
Foreign currency in my uncle (no blood relation) account
Self Employed 401k: contributions vs more available deductions
Recurring non-scheduled transactions in GnuCash
Effect of having a guarentor on one's credit
Should my credit report be empty
Investing in low cost index fund -- does the timing matter?
US Stock Market - volume based real-time alert
I'm quitting my Indian job of 5 years and going on a sabbatical. What do i do with my PF?
Borrowing money for study abroad...student loans don't apply
Home Insurance: Must I use money from a claim for repairing everything I'm receiving money for?
How common is "pass-through" health insurance?
What will be the capital gains tax after we sell a rental home?
Single member LLC capital contributions and IRS reporting
Does revenue for a company matter when evaluating stocks?
Paying with a debit card
Can FHA mortgage insurance premiums go up after a loan is issued?
How do donation tax receipts work when I have no taxable income?
How to account for transferring money to an investment account?
Unable to withdraw money from Paypal in Andorra
Senior in College, need advice on my investing plan
How much tax should I pay in US on interest earned on my NRE a/c in India?
Vanguard ETF vs mutual fund
Do I have to pay taxes on PPF in USA?
UK Contractor with Limited Company
Why invest in IRA while a low-cost index fund is much simpler?
Issues with unfiled tax returns
Passing on non refundable tax credits
How are retirement needs calculated for a couple with disparate ages?
I started some small businesses but need help figuring out taxes. Should I hire a CPA?
What are some ways to mitigate the risks of covered calls?
US citizen transferring money to Indian fiance to buy property
Paying off Overdraft first or Credit Card
Long card payment delay caused loss on exchange rate
Is a chargeback appropriate when a company cancels and then later un-cancels a service?
If I sell my house, will I have to pay taxes on the profit?
How to divide investment power between fixed asset and more liquid assets?
How would IRS treat reimbursement in a later year of moving expenses?
About eToro investments
What are the downsides that prevent more people from working in high-income countries, and then retiring in low-income (and cost of living) ones?
How to receive dividend in INDIA
is the bankruptcy of exchange markets possible?
Get money from USA to India
Can I use same stock broker to buy stocks from different stock markets?
Investing in 401(k) and a Roth IRA
Are index trackers subject to insolvency risk?
What happens when a (Internation) Central securities depository goes bankrupt?
Do stocks give you more control over your finances than mutual funds?
Cash a US Government check without bank account
401k Rollover into IRA (First Time Home Buyer)?
Why isn't money spent on necessities deductible from your taxes?
What's the difference between Buy and Sell price on the stock exchange
Home owners association for houses, pro/cons
Capital gains for agricultural land converted to non-agricultural land for the purpose of sale?
How to record (accepting and later returning) other peoples' money? What's the correct terminology for that? // GnuCash
What regulations are in place to protect consumer's investments in UK?
Unable to understand logic behind why there is no exit load on liquid fund
I own a vacation rental in the US and a tenant from Austria wants to do a International Bank Transfer.
"No taxes to be paid with owning Berkshire"
How do I calculate the return on my stock _call_ option, similar to my _put_ example?
Need a loan to buy property in India. What are my options?
Does working in finance firms improve a person's finance knowledge?
What are some quick test to check whether a company is in healthy financial status
When borrowing from a 401k, is the 401k the source of the funds, or the collateral?
Can I use a loan from a Roth 401K as a return option?
How to resolve imbalances and orphan transactions in Gnucash?
Will the market price be definitely lower than 'after hours' number?
Is there a financial product that allows speculation on GDP?
183 day rule in conjunction with expatriate
what's the best option to save money on everyday expenses?
Roth 401k rollover into Roth IRA: How are earnings handled?
Am I supposed to pay taxes when living outside of the states?
Additional credit card with different limit on same account?
Roth vs Traditional Investing assuming same tax bracket in retirement
About to start being an Independent Contractor - Any advice on estimating taxes?
Working for recruiter on W-2 vs. working for client on 1099?
How do I divide equity following separation with cohabiting partner?
Investment Newbie - Options in India - For $10K - for 10 years
Housewife pension options
what is shareholders' Equity in balance sheets?
Wash Sales and Day Trading
How to safely pay with VISA online
Can the Fractional Reserve System be used by the Common Man
How to find information about ethical banking?
How can I buy an OTC stock listed in Nasdaq from India?
Using Fibonacci Extensions to set profit targets?
Why do banks ask if you have accounts with other banks?
what is a good APR when applying for micro loan online?
How safe are withdrawals made using checking account number and routing number? [USA]
How much more can I contribute to my 401(k) this year after I made some Roth IRA, Roth 401k, and 401k contributions?
Can I make a lump sum contribution to my employer's 401(k) plan?
Does a "Vendor credit note" affect reporting on a 1099 form?
What can we conclude/learn from inst. own %?
What's the best time to start holiday shopping this year?
How to know what is my monthly take home
How does investment into a private company work?
Limitations of the 401(k) to Roth IRA conversion escape hatch
What happens to my position if I hold some stocks of a company that gets acquired?
Can I claim the child care tax credit in addition to using a dependent care FSA?
I recently moved to the UK. Should I do something to build a credit history?
How to fill out form W4 when I'm earning $1600 extra income per month?
Bonds vs equities: crash theory
Drive 100 miles per month for 3 years: the most affordable way
Why does the price of the floating rate bonds return to par after coupon payment?
Which is better: Guaranteed 7% or projected/historical 8%
how to fill out W4 when i'm getting $1600 extra income a month
Where can I download all stock symbols of all companies "currently listed" and "delisted" as of today?
How do top investors pull out 20% ROI?
Is it possible to transfer money from UK bank account to Egypt bank account?
Legal restrictions for EU-foreigners to setup bank account in Czech republic
Concerns about paying mortgage early after cash liquid again
Deducting side work sole proprietorship expenses from regular employment earnings?
Why was my Credit Limit Increase Denied?
Bucketing investments to track individual growths
Credit Cards and Home Loans
What are the tax implications of selling an investment property in india?
Who pays the property tax on a home for the year of sale?
What happens if someone destroy money?
Car Accident - Can I get Cash/Check instead?
How can I tell if a mutual fund is open-ended
Is there an investment account where I can owe taxes only if the net of capital gain and dividend payment is positive?
How can I invoice a US company being a foreign non resident in USA?
Should I pay the insurance discounted rate or the full rate for an ambulance ride under my deductible?
Any difference between buying a few shares of expensive stock or a bunch of cheap stock
How can a school club collect money using credit cards?
How to get money from bangladesh
How do I cash a USD cheque in Europe, quickly?
UK :: Do I need to pay council tax as a student, during the summer break?
I own a mutual fund that owns voting shares, who gets the vote?
California S Corp Net Income and Employee Compensation
In double entry book-keeping, how should I record writing of a check?
Can a Covered Call be called away before the expiration date?
How do I transfer funds from Lebanon to the USA without penalty?
Letters in IBAN: How to calculate the hash
Which currency is cheaper for another currency?
How should I be investing in bonds as part of a diversified portfolio?
How does a TFSA work? Where does the interest come from?
How can I determine if my portfolio's rate of return has been "good", or not?
My credit card company is asking for my current income citing "Federal Regulations"
Traditional IRA - First Home Purchase - Does the $10K limit apply to each spouse or the entire household?
Automatic Deduction Receipts: Do I have the right to demand it from the business? What can I do to make them send it?
Proving sale of stock is not short-term
What are non-qualified stock options?
FATCA compliance for small Foreign Company. What do I need to do?
Does it make sense to take out student loans to start an IRA?
CC account in good standing; Can I request a higher cash back rate?
What to do with a distribution as a young person?
Does your total credit limit or debt affect how much new credit you will receive?
Amortization Payments with a delay in initial payments
Profits vs. losses from stocks, options, and futures: separate, or combined?
Raising My Credit Score as a Student
As an employer, how do I start a 401k or traditional IRA plan?
Why can the institutional ownership of shares be larger than 100%?
Shares in stock exchange and dividend payout relationship
Roth IRA Contribution Limit
Dependent care FSA and child care provider Social Security Number
Lump sum investment vs SIP when I have the lump sum
Pre-valuation of the company
How should I record outstanding expenses in GnuCash?
Should I do something or don't do anything with regards to FATCA and TAX isssues
Social security number in the mutual fund account page
PayPal personal account: does it accept credit cards or not?
Is income from ads in apps taxed?
Rental Properties: Is it good or bad that I can't find rental listings on that street?
Current Account without Savings Account
How can I bring loaned money back to US from India
Shared groceries expenses between roommates to be divided as per specific consumption ratio and attendance
How can I use the equity out of my current property to purchase another one?
Credit report - Not able to establish identity
What are the economic benefits of owning a home in the United States?
USD destroyed in a fire
Why is spousal consent being required for rolling over a 401k?
Parking money for a few months or a year
Digital envelope system: a modern take
Understanding the difference in exchange rates across banks and forex bureaus
100 % vested retirement benefits?
How to protect yourself from fraud when selling on eBay UK
Reverse Engineer Loan Payment for amortization
Working Capital Definition
Improper withholding of FICA from student: Getting a refund
What does the phrase "after waivers or absorptions" mean?
What is a reasonable salary for the owner and sole member of a small S-Corp?
Saving for brother's children
What is KIRCHSTRASSE on my statement bill?
Paying tax for non- us citizen
Are retirement contributions for temporary workers in Canada mobile?
Do credit checks affect credit scores?
Rental Property: What is considered decent cash flow? (with example)
How do I get the latest or even realtime information of institutions stock buy/sell action?
Will not using a credit card affect my credit score?
What traditionally happens to bonds when the stock market crashes?
How should I split my salary between bank accounts when working abroad?
Is it possible to buy stock as a gift for a minor without involving the guardians?
Can Health-Releated Services be a Business Expense?
Auto/car loan or mortgage applications and consolidated hard pulls
How can I get leveraged money
How are national insurance deductions calculated in the UK?
401k Hardship withdrawal (First home), without buying home?
Construction loan for new house replacing existing mortgaged house?
How to accurately calculate Apple's EPS
Exempt from US Social Security, too few credits for benefits
Do you have to pay New York State Income Tax if you live in New York but work remotely for a Florida based company?
Season Loan Amortization with Fixed Payments for low season
Possible refinance from 15 year fixed to 7/1 arm
How much cash on hand should one have?
What is a "convertible note"?
Find the compound return
When does an indexing company have to announce its re-balance/reconstitution dates?
Will depositing $10k+ checks each month raise red flags with the IRS?
What should I do with my HSA?
Mortgage Banker vs. Mortgage Servicer - Why go through "middle man"?
Can one earn money from Lifetime Learning Credit if one does not pay income tax?
Buying USA Stocks from Sri Lanka
Tax implication for Indian citizens working in US on L1 visa
Trying to transfer money from a Bank to Paypal account. Being asked for a valid Swift Code
Should I exchange my Scottish pounds for English ones?
Ideas on how to invest a relatively small amount of British pounds
line 1a on form 1040 es: for what time period should i be estimating taxes for?
What should i do regarding taxes if I am working full time and have a self employed 'freelance' work?
Leaving US (I was working with a L1 visa, not coming back), better cash my 401K or leave it until 59 1/2? Thanks
Gifts under the annual gift tax exemption FROM minor children?
Disabled, no-income except SS, on various programs that help...What if I receive a windfall?
How correlated are apartment and house prices in the same area?
What retirement plans/options should i pick for a relatively unstable career path?
What is too much credit utilization on credit card?
What can we learn from when the trading volume is much higher/lower than average?
If you rollover a Roth 401k to Roth IRA and immediately withdraw it, is there any tax or penalty?
Better approach to close loans?
How does ISA allowance cumulate over time?
What ways can I contribute closer to the the IRS employee/employer combined 401k contribution limit?
Using services from both mastercard and visa
How can I transfer and consolidate my 401k's and other options?
Tax benefit to paying off student loan interest while in school
What mix of credit lines and loans is optimal for my credit score?
How do I loan money as a non-resident Indian (NRI)?
Can I take a loan against propety in my children's name?
What kind of symbol can be shorted?
How to define a 'market price' for trading platforms?
Is credit score an international thing?
Can everybody affect your credit score?
Should I pay half a large balance this month before I get my CC statement?
Tax consequences of partially selling a stock
Can I deduct the cost of painting and replacing flooring after a renter moves out and we move in?
What effect does a high credit line have on a mortgage?
Is it wise to sell company stock to pay down a mortgage?
How can I find a report of dividend earned in a FY?
Which currency should I use to pay for my flight ticket?
Can I deduct IRA contributions and take the standard deduction?
Employer time requirements to transfer from paycheck to 401(k)
Can I max out all retirement account types?
inheritance transfers from the world bank in uk
If I receive 150000$ in my Indian savings account how much tax i shall pay?
Can I open a Demat account in India from abroad?
Consolidate or pay off
Is an interest-free loan to a charity an asset when applying for financial aid
After my father's death, how can I transfer 50% of an account to my sister in the most tax efficient way?
Do Visa and MasterCard process exchange differently?
Bonus issue - Increasing share capital
Urgent advice on used car purchase nightmare
CRA made a mistake in our favour
SIP when markets are good
How to find the right credit union?
Can I deduct work equipment I am not required to purchase by my employer?
Can I make a joint account in UK?
Who are the sellers for the new public stocks?
Company owners gift to employee UK
New York State - NY Tax on Foreign Sourced Income for NY Non-Resident
Is the BA Avios Visa airlines rewards card worth it?
Clarification of Inflation according to Forbes
Should I take a personal loan for my postgraduate studies?
Why most of apple stock price since 10years have been gained overnight?
Can a company pay a net salary?
At what point is it most advantageous to cease depositing into a 401k?
How can we determine how much income our savings could generate if we purchase an annuity?
I don't understand all this techincal jargon
How's the graph of after/pre markets be drawn?
What is the rationale for a separate "National Insurance" tax in the UK?
Does immigrating half-way the tax year give tax benefits?
Steps to buying a home
How do foreign transaction fees show up on credit card statements?
Roll over Post-1986 401(k) to Roth IRA
How should I allocate short-term assets in a rising-interest rate environment?
Can I file a NULL return in India?
Does a falling dollar mean doom for real estate?
Where can I see the detailed historical data for a specified stock?
What's the difference between a high yield dividend stock vs a growth stock?
Does a U.S. citizen working in Mexico have to pay taxes to the United States?
Deciding between Pre-Tax 401(k) and Roth 401(k)
Should I enroll in employer sponsored deferred profit sharing plan (DPSP)?
Warren Buffett and Charles Munger advice for small investors?
UK: Personal finance book for a twenty-something
What is the proper way to hold a subtenant's rental deposit?
Is selling only shares you bought with margin on a margin/unsettled cash purchase free ride?
Comparing HDHP vs PPO Plans: Am I missing something?
Why are some moving expense reimbursements taxable while normal employee expense reimbursements are not taxable?
Lending money to a friend to buy a car
Why would we need a "stop-limit order" for selling?
Cheapest way to wire or withdraw money from US account while living in Europe
Are Chase credit cards commonly accepted for purchases?
How To Record Income As An Affiliate ( UK )
why will charges disappear from my debit card then reappear
Does high frequency trading (HFT) punish long-term investment?
Making a loan to a tax-exempt organization from 401(k) retirement investment funds?
Balance transfer from Wells Fargo to Chase
What are some pre-tax programs similar to FSA that I can take advantage of?
Trading platforms: 15 years old
Will it be taxable if I transfer money from UK account to India account?
How are the sub-periods derrived in TWRR Daily Valuation?
What is a "margin-call" and how are they enforced?
Relationship between points and air miles
What is meant by an eligible purchase on a cash back card
Can I earn Frequent Flier miles on a flight using FF miles and effectively get them back?
Open and close credit card to save on annual fee
Where to park $50k for 2 years (taxable)?
Mortgage: Low house price with high income (Canada/US)
Why YTM is higher than current yield in discount bond
Sales Tax Licence/Permit - When is it required and how can I make a use of it as a non-US resident selling in USA?
Combine credit card cash back with other cash back offer
Where to get liability insurance for car rentals, as an add-on to Visa Collision Damage Waiver?
Do points and miles acquired through signup bonuses ever expire
Use mutiple gift cards towards same purchase online
How to use a companion fare if the total fare cost is more than the companion fare limit
How are ADRs priced?
How is a relocation fee of more than 40k taxed?
Are distributions from an S corp taxable as long term capital gains?
Loan with Compensating Balance
Are there benefits to purchasing term life insurance with an option to convert to whole life, and what type of consumers should purchase it?
Money transfer from US to Israel
How is Massachusetts state tax on unrealized capital gains calculated?
Can a bond's market price rise above its lifetime value?
VAT & Tax implications of selling software
A couple questions about Social Security benefits and making extra money
Tax implications of dispersing trust to my child's 529 plan vs directly to me
Calculating the effect of prepaying your loan
How would the following income be taxed?
How can one take delivery on the FOREX market?
Post-tax HSA contributions above the IRS limit
Is there a way to get loan for Retired people in India to buy a house?
How much off list price can I reasonably expect to get from a dealership on a used car?
Is Mint allowed to share user data with other Intuit entities?
Can I open a checking account online in the US without typical proof of residence?
Financially Shielded Entity Separating Individuals Behind It From Risks
How can I adjust tax withholding so that I don't get a large Tax Refund?
How to get variables for calculating "intrinsic value" of Berkshire Hathaway?
Why should I choose a 401(k) or IRA over a standard brokerage account?
Explanations on credit cards in Canada
Pros and cons of opening joint portfolio
When to use visa debit /MC debit
What are the advantages of spinning off a company?
What is selective disclosure?
UK - How to receive payments in euros
Can my parents take out a loan for me out of my account if I'm under the age of 18?
What does inflation actually mean?
Shorting Obvious Pump and Dump Penny Stocks
Fixed Deposit or Recurring in ICICI
Cash Signup Bonuses from Credit Cards
As a Canadian, what should I invest in if I'm betting that the Canadian real estate will crash?
How to calculate interest charged on my loan given a series of dates & payments?
What are the pros & cons of buying a car as a business vehicle
Is there a reason to buy a 0% yield bond?
Buying & Selling Call Options
Market Maker *Ask* below current *BID*
Tax difference in working in New York City compared to NJ
Can you actually print envelopes in Quicken 2014 Deluxe Release R 7 (23.1.7.6) on Windows 7 64-bit?
Insurance against final value
ATM took in the money after spitting it out
Why don't banks give access to all your transaction activity?
Uk citizen working freelance for companies worldwide. Who do I pay tax to?
Taking partial capital loss purely for tax purposes
If a company I bought stock in was de-listed but is now listed again under a new symbol, what happened to my shares?
Getting the sign-up bonus from the same Credit Card multiple times
Interactive Brokers Margin Accounts
Are all VISA cards connected with bank accounts?
What does it mean to be "offset against taxable gains"?
Converting bank statements to another currency?
Is there an upper limit for money that an expat can keep in his US bank account?
Employer Letter for NRI Home Loan
income tax for purchased/sold short term & long term shares
Do I need to pay Income Tax if i am running a escrow service in India
What do I need to start trading in the NSE (National Stock Exchange)?
Why are bank transactions not instant?
Does an employer pay payroll taxes on non-taxable wages like 401K matches?
Why do (ACH) payments that withdraw or deposit on my bank account require 1+ business days to complete?
Calculating Exponential Moving Average
Stolen wallet containing check. What are the proper steps to take now?
I am the sole contributor to my long-term disability insurance. Will I owe income taxes on the amount I receive?
How much cash in INR can I bring to India
Is there an easy way to calculate how much you can contribute to an RRSP if you never have before?
How do I assess the performance of a Kiwisaver scheme?
How do I sell a car that was purchased with a loan?
As a french tax resident, do I have to pay french capital gains tax on a UK property
What money is ISA interest actually calculated on?
Ordering checks for my LLC
If I have 10,000 stocks to sell with 23 B market cap
Are employer 401k matching contributions invested prior to vesting?
Quarterly dividends to monthly dividends
Move money from PayPal in different currency
LLC v. W-2 Taxes when filing in Florida
Why do credit card transactions take up to 3 days to appear, yet debit transactions are instant?
Independent IT Consultant with annual fees less than 10lacs
How is the Efficient Frontier drawn?
Margin Call Question
Making money by using cashback option against a paypal and credit card account
How is Average Length of Credit determined by the Credit Agencies?
Hdgs to be removed from the S&P/ASX Indices
Elect corporation S status for my LLC
What's the catch in investing in real estate for rent?
Can I resubmit W8-BEN with W9 form?
I earn $75K, have $30K in savings, no debt, rent from my parents who are losing their home. Should I buy a home now or save?
How might trading volume affect future share price?
Is my paycheck correct for Provident Fund deduction at the new company I joined in India?
renter's insurance for causing property damage
What is a "property tax assessment"?
End of year crowdfunding and taxes
When should I reduce my student loan payments in order to save up for a down payment on another loan?
Advantages/disadvantages of buying stocks on dips vs buying outright?
Renting or owning my home?
Is it a good idea to accept a £2 million debt-based investment?
How much should a 24 year old contribute to a pension?
Are there any other considerations for picking a GIC besides interest rates?
found a 1994 uncashed profit sharing retirement plan check
Mortgage Refinance
Do I live in a state for tax purposes if my permanent home is in another state?
How can I calculate deductible percentage of business trip?
Markowitz implied returns
LLC and tax filing with spouse
Am I putting myself at any security risks by putting all my money in one bank institution?
How to manage currency risk in international investing
Independent Contractor to an US law firm
How much should I pay to bank for educational loan?
Should my rainy day fund be fixed or should I increase it by a little every month?
How much will I be saving off of interests if I fully pay my mortgage earlier?
Should I split contributions between 2 Roth IRAs or max one out?
What are the most efficient ways to bet on an individual stock beating the market?
What happens to internal stock when a company goes public?
Representing a personal loan with double entry
Withdrawing IRA early to pay off large credit card debt?
If my annual taxes are less than $18.5k, does it mean I get to refund them all?
What is a checking account and how does it work?
What should I take into consideration when deciding whether to transfer a pension fund?
Do I need to register as self employed in Ontario, Canada?
Am I required to file a Georgia tax return?
Best way to find a no-surcharge ATM in my area?
What is the probabiltiy of being assigned if the call expires in the money
Simplifying money management
How do I calculate yearly rate of return on my investments?
Withdraw from IRA or regular savings for First Time Home Buyer?
Renting Out A Spare Room UK
Can I take money out of my Roth IRA any time?
tracking dividend payments automatically
Growing annuity with fixed growth
How does tax work with donations?
Better to get loan from finance company or bank considering the drop of credit score?
Why buying an inverse ETF does not give same results as shorting the ETF
Any compelling reason to contribute to a 401k if my employer doesn't match?
If I could, should I buy a car with cash instead of credit?
What are my investment options in Australia?
What information is needed for a wire transfer?
fastest way to move USD to EUR
Formula that predicts whether one is better off investing or paying down debt
Why is it that stock prices for a company seem to go up after a layoff?
Bringing money to UK for investment purposes
Interest on a deposit
What kind of credit card transactions generally count as a cash advance?
How does delta of an option change with time if underlying price is constant?
Tax deferred savings limits and early retirement possibilities
Loan for treatment
Does being on the board of a bankruptcy-declaring company affect my credit rating?
Investing small amounts at regular intervals while minimizing fees?
Income tax calculate on your per company or on my total income in year?
Live in Florida & work remote for a New York company. Do I owe NY state income tax?
Value of put if underlying stays below strike?
Difference btw Tom/next and Tom/Spot in Fx
Withdrawing HSA excess contributions?
(US) What is the deduction for gifts of appreciated stock with restricted registration rights?
COBRA and "in progress" expenses
What are tax implications of short vs long term capital losses?
Why does shorting a call option have potential for unlimited loss?
If I roll over my retirement into an IRA, can I pay off my school loans at the same time without having that sum penalized?
When is an option a certain number of strikes in the money? e.g. "two strikes in"?
Amendment After 3 Years That Increases the Tax
How to reduce income tax in India?
My sister borrowed money on a home thats not hers, how can I protect the home?
If early exercise is a bad idea, why American option is more expensive than European
Does an option trading below parity always indicate an arbitrage opportunity?
US corporate bonds index
Is it easier for brokers to find shares to short in premarket?
Do my 401k/Roth accounts benefit from compounding?
Why is a stop order not triggered when the asking price is reached?
Where can one download or subscribe to end of day price data for Tokyo stocks?
What data can be extracted from my credit card?
Market index analysis and techniques
Does not having the full (good) payment history on report negatively affect me?
How do banks handle post-dated checks deposited via the ATM?
Is there any reason to prefer Visa or Mastercard?
What is "Local Earned Income Township Tax" and do I have to pay it?
Can I contribute money to a 401k, 457b, and an IRA all at the same time?
Mortgage rate shopping - 14 day period
If I buy bonds near the maturity date, is it a short term zero risk investment?
Filing income tax for nonresident spouse?
Why out of money options show no bid price but a valid ask price
What factors should I consider in picking a bond?
Cobra and existing conditions with new insurance in the future question
How can I report pump and dump scams?
How does the purchase of shares on the secondary market benefit the issuing company?
Is the delta hedging technique of any use for a retail trader
Do options always expire on third Friday of every month
Dealing with Home inheritance
How are the $1 salaries that CEOs sometimes take considered legal?
What are the tax implications of selling shares inherited by me from my father and sharing the proceeds with my sister?
Can I retroactively get the tax assesment on my house adjusted and get a refund on previously paid taxes?
Why is a Roth 401(k) good if there is a long time before retirement?
Should I cash out my IRA to pay my student loans?
Live in Florida, but work 100% remotely for a Virginia company. Do I owe VA state income tax?
Delayed charges on card that has been cancelled
US Citizen sending money overseas
W4 --Additional amount withheld from my paycheck
Real estate loans for repairs
Is the new myRA retirement savings account option worth it?
Factors to consider to take a health insurance policy in India
England: Alternative to Student Finance
How can I invest money in stocks via USA broker, while being a citizen of Ukraine?
Sending income and lottery prizes to Tamilnadu, India from Singapore
Lending Club accredited investor verification
Starting non-retirement investment account
Is an iron condor always preferable to doing a simple credit spread
Why can't I withdraw the $57 in my account?
What is a term for the elements of a balance sheet?
How should my daughter give me money. Do I need to report it?
What is RRSP Withholding Tax?
The formula equivalent of EBITDA for personal finance?
List of Investments from safest to riskiest?
How quickly does short float ratio/percent change?
How high should I set my KickStarter funding goal in order to have $35,000 left over?
Rental property, pluses to move to an LLC
What are the easier to qualify home loans in Canada?
Buying a house, how much should my down payment be?
How can I prove that a bank owes me money
What is a "Revenue Credit" on a 401k account statement?
How trading in currency pair works, underlying techniques and mechanisms
calculating no. of payments
Can I pay past expenses using an FSA opened midyear?
Is my Roth-IRA still valid after if the business no longer exists?
A deferred capital gains tax similar to the real estate 1031 Exchange but for securities reinvestment?
Transferring assets between Roth IRA accounts
Military Separation
Is this HSA too good to be true?
How to stop old item on my credit report from "refreshing"?
Why does the IRS only return half of your money when you overpay on taxes?
How can I take out a personal loan as a minor with a co-signer other than my parents?
Should I always pay my credit at the last day possible to maximize my savings interest?
I'm 20 and starting to build up for my mortgage downpayment, where should I put my money for optimal growth?
End-of-year purchase deductions
What will happen to my shares if company delisted
Sell covered call on an index option
Is it a pattern day trade if you close position in after hours?
Where can I buy real gold and sell it later as shown in market?
Legality of facilitating currency exchange between private accounts
Does level 2 quotes help a non day trader
Not paying cash for a house
Refinance FHA 203k to conventional
How to determine mortgage or rent payment
How do "family" deductibles work on US health insurance policies?
What factors should I consider when evaluating index funds?
Why the ABA on this bank does not correspond to the routing number?
deposit into a single checking account with a joint account
What Happens To Stocks During Hyperinflation
How would you figure the cost of something in the future including inflation?
How are Canada Universal Child Care Benefit (UCCB) & related tax measures changing in 2015?
Endorsed check - does everyone have to be present to cash it?
Why are there different credit rates in each country?
Are there limits on frequency of withdrawal from Roth 401K?
What special rules, if any, need to be followed for US citizens to put money in Australian savings accounts?
How can one identify institutional accumulation of a particular stock using price and volume data?
If I plan to buyout my lease car at the end, do I still pay for excess mileage/wear?
Why do stocks tend to trade at high volumes at the end of (or start) the trading day?
Why are some funds only recommended for investors starting out?
Self-directed rollover IRA and foreign country investment
What is the best way to move money to the US from Brazil?
What kind of returns can I expect from a REIT? How can I find a list of legit REITs - especially outside the USA?
Quickbooks Online 'add' vs 'transfer'
institutional ownership -- why is it so convoluted
What happens to the put option (longer expiration) of a collar if the call gets assigned?
Exercise a put option when shorting is not possible
What is the easiest way to open a foreign Bank Account?
UK Citizen, Japanese Resident - where do I pay tax for royalties paid to UK bank?
Volume of at the money options
How to tell if an option is expensive
Any strategies to screen high risk, hopefully high reward stocks?
Covered call and put options as separate trades
Check number and written amount don't match
Inflation & Time value of money
Square reported girlfriend's business income under her SSN, triggering IRS issues (2012). Square support is awful, what recourse does she have?
For a car, would you pay cash, finance for 0.9% or lease for 0.9%?
Options for retirment investing if no company 401K available
Should I combine all my pension pots?
Net Sales and Operating Income
If my rental property income and mortgage payment are equal, do I need to pay income tax on any rent revenue?
Debit card has stopped working while traveling, and my bank says there's no problem
Is there a Canadian credit card which shows holds?
IRS Rules for Canadian with US Bank Account
Did the New York Stock Exchange ever close on a weekday so they could file paperwork?
I am a US citizen. Can I gift stock options to my parents in India?
Income Tax Refund
Should I encourage my spouse to jointly sign our rental lease?
What would current US interest rates be if left to the free market?
Are medical deductions and FSAs mutually exclusive?
Calculating APR
Can an International student of F1 VISA accept money in her US bank account on behalf of someone else?
What exactly changes following a stock split? Why doesn't "Shares" (on the following SEC balance sheet) change?
What is a "spread" in commodities futures?
Do I have to pay tax on cash my brother is paying me for my half interest in a shared house?
Cost basis step-up on inheritance of real estate
Please help me understand reasons for differences in Government Bond Yields
How is non-deductible portion of Traditional IRA determined at time of withdrawal?
Do I need ITIN as Japanese citizen to get my deposited money back?
Why is the future quote lower than the underlying?
Does a market maker make any money in a liquid asset with tight bid ask spread
How do I use the voting rights associated with my U.S. shares?
Why is it 100 oz and not one ounce?
Time premium of at the money options
How can I find out how much a dealer would really pay for my car?
How secure is my 403(b)? Can its assets be "raided"?
Which are the countries which have zero withholding tax on dividends for foreigners?
We want to sell a house we own 50% but the other parties do not
Do US mutual funds and ETFs pay taxes on dividends?
Ready for my first home
How does AMT/state taxes work for stock options in California?
How do these factors affect engagement rings as an investment?
Is it legal to sell my stock at any specified price to a specified person in US Market?
Self directed IRA holds income property that generates cash flow. Can we withdraw based on wife's age?
What constitutes "Account Activity" in a debt collection timeline?
Can cancelling of the newly opened credit cards increase a credit score?
super confused about bid and ask size. help
Is per diem taxable?
Risks in investing savings into retail superannuation in Australia?
Any Loop Holes for Owner Occupancy?
Can you take a capital loss upon sale after probate action assigns a different value?
How do you get your tax transcript if you are a citizen of another country?
Advantage of Financial Times vs. free news sources for improving own knowledge of finance?
Advantages and disadvantages for Hp gas and indane gas
How does CD early withdrawal fee work?
How to safely exit a falling security?
What taxes does a US citizen doing freelance work (self-employed) in the UK have to pay to the US government?
How to evaluate my mutual fund performance?
Can an undocumented immigrant in the US get a mortgage?
Freelancing from India to US employer: Can they deposit pay to my US Account?
How would I go about selling the stock of a privately held company?
Calendar year changes and Out-of-Pocket reset
What is the different between one company's two OTCMKTS symbols?
If I move money from my home country to the United States, what taxes need paid?
Selling property and transferring money
How can you sell stocks if you do not have any?
What method can be used to estimate additional withholding so no taxes are owed on filing?
What happens to bonds values when interest rates rise?
refund or replacement for a faulty product purchased online with mastercard?
Credit Card Payment Cycles
When to apply for a new credit card?
How is Discover different from a Visa or a MasterCard?
Is it safe to use credit Karma?
Question about being a Resident Alien for Tax purposes
file a complaint to bureaus of a company's residence if you live in another country?
gnucash - Record several years data
Worry about trading High Interest Savings Accounts only by phone?
from when is the time limit for chargebacks counted?
Is there a candlestick pattern that guarantees any kind of future profit?
For my self assessment do I need to fill out both the Capital Gains Summary and Tax Return?
(UK) If i inform the Jobcentre that I am paying someone's rent, will it harm their benefits claim?
Lending Club - Interest rate and interest received compared with total payments discrepancy?
Why do so many people trade a bankrupt company's stock?
Does bank will share our address with others?
Does it make sense to look for medical plans outside "Obamacare"?
Best way to pay off debt?
Approved for a Credit Line of $700 BoA
Finance car with or with out a balloon payment
Is permanent facial hair removal economically worthwhile?
Using the online broker as a currency converter
Exercise an out of the money option
Are option contracts subject to mark to market rules
FICO score provided by discover card legit?
Trade options on index or the ETF that tracks the index
What are ways to increase my income after taxes?
Covered call vs naked put in online brokerages
If I put a large down payment (over 50%) towards a car loan, can I reduce my interest rate and is it smart to even put that much down?
Potential pitfalls of this volume trading strategy
How long are checks issued by Bank of America valid?
How to change the default validity length of a check in the US when emitting it?
Is it possible to reject a direct deposit?
FSA when a retirement agreement has been put into place
PayPal- Quick Overview
Can a name be gotten from an account number?
Sources of Free Stock Market (Nasdaq/NYSE) Data - Tick by Tick
Rationale behind discount bonds?
Where can I open an estate account, if I'm located in a different state?
Is the phrase 'sell premium' another way of saying 'sell an option'
Why having large capital is advantageous to trading
What is the best and most optimal way to use margin
Stock Option Value correlated to net worth of company
Huge return on investment, I feel like im doing the math wrong
Future price == strike price in the future contract?
No Load & No Transaction Fee, are there any hidden costs?
How to buy a Gold ETF in India?
Do I pay taxes on my SSI benefits
International Student in United Kingdom eligible to Invest
If a startup receives investment money, does the startup founder/owner actually gain anything?
How much do I ACTUALLY pay when I am going to buy a car?
Does the following kind of retirement product exist?
How does agreed value insurance work with inflation?
How to choose basic health insurance in the Netherlands?
How (or is it necessary) to rebalance a 401k with only one index fund?
Selling Property In India
First time homebuyer/investor: How to best allocate money towards paying off mortgage?
Different avenues of tangible returns from index funds and bond funds
Sales taxes on Groupons or LivingSocial coupons?
What is the fair value of a stock given the bid and ask prices? Is there such a relationship?
Condo Loss Carryover to offset IRA Distribution
Building credit history as a young foreigner
How do I dispose of my old checks?
How can I reduce transaction fees, such as CA certificate costs, on several wire transfers per week?
How is option margin determined by my broker
Defer bonus pay to next year
Do money markets fluctuate during market crashes?
Do I still need to pay capital gains taxes when I profit from a stock in a foreign currency?
How to pay the due amount after fiing the IT returns in India
Help identifying trading strategy based on Mandelbrot
How do you typically pay a deposit for a house?
Advice on money transfer from Canada to South Africa
Why do pennyauction sites force you to buy credit packages?
Advice on replacing my savings account
send money from US to India in parent's saving a/c
APR for a Loan Paid Off Monthly
How to calculate earnings per share for an ETF
Selling units/shares in my startup to my Roth IRA
Is this a Trailing Limit if Touched Order or something simpler?
Putting a calendar spread as a limit order
self directed RRSP for a non resident
Clarification on options jargon regarding spreads
Project future trend of a stock with high positive autocorrelation
Can I change my loan term from 60 to 36 months?
What is a best way to take earned money from abroad to India?
What does it mean for a normal citizen like me when my country's dollar value goes down?
Brokerage's calculation of my profits or losses on stock trades
Should I file FBAR for the 1st year of permanent residency
Mortgage loan and move money to US
What is tax form SA2002, in the UK
Can my employer change wage rates based upon medical coverage choices?
What does the divided income number signify?
Ready to invest but I'm overwhelmed with the number of brokers and services
Does VSMAX invest in smaller companies than FSEVX?
Is there a reciprocal agreement between US and UK for credit on social security taxes?
401k vs. real estate for someone who is great at saving?
Can I go beyond my 15% contribution cap when I start contributing to 401k in fourth quarter?
Is there a lower threshold for new EU VAT changes coming 1 Jan 2015 related to the sale of digital goods?
How good is FSCS protection vs. eToro?
Tax on transfer of funds to USA
How does a delta neutral portfolio make money
Any minimum 1% tax on taxable-income for low bracket and large capital gains?
Interpreting mortgage rates
Does APR also depends on credit score?
Is there a time limit on claiming medical expenses for HSA?
Do I need to bargain with my credit card customer service for better offers?
Are contributions to ROTH IRA/401k effectivly bigger then to IRA
In-laws moving in (financial/tax implications)?
Shares Canceled after Merger
Analyze stock value
Shareholder in US based company
Why are exchange rates fixed for prolonged periods of time?
Canada: Can financial institutions borrow against all RRSP assets?
Does pursuing the highest yields or pursuing the lowest ones give better returns in the long run?
Does keeping 'long-term' safety net in bonds make sense?
Do I need to pay income tax for money earned in the U.S. & transferred to my account in India?
"In-the-Money" vs "Out-of-the-Money" Call Options
What happen if we do not pay Facebook
Is retaining a deposit for an apartment in this scenario considered legal?
Sole employee of my own S-Corp - investment options? 401k, Roth, SEP?
Is my car insurance trying to pull money out of me?
How can I reduce my tax liability on proceeds from the sale of a company?
Why is the money factor defined the way it is?
Why are rewards for credit cards so much better than debit cards?
APR for a Loan Paid Off in Monthly Payments for 9 Months
Are there services/software other than Quicken that can directly make bank account transfers?
Will my wife's business losses offset my income on a joint tax return?
How to calculate the potential difference of putting money into buying my house vs paying it into a pension
What steps are required to transfer real estate into a LLC?
Difference in Interest Calculations Using Loan Calculator
Get GnuCash to use the Opening Balances account for new accounts
Can amended tax return filed before tax return cause errors?
Do I have to work a certain amount of hours in order to get paid monthly?
Mutual Funds to invest in every week or monthly
Can I open a rollover IRA account in the US when I am not a citizen, nor no longer live there?
Why should I not disclose my salary?
Formal Definition of APR
I have forgot my bank account number; how do I regain access to my account?
Why there's always a very huge volume of trades for AAPL every day before market close?
Buy the open and set a 1% limit sell order
Student freelancer (sole proprietor) and taxes
What's the difference between Net cash provided by operating activities and Operating cash flow?
Managing account other than salary account
How to sell a worthless option
Life Insurance Policy for my Dad
Can i avail rebate on Home loan interest without sale deed and registration
233 days India/132 days US - entire US salary taxable in India?
Could someone help me understand bond information?
Regarding FICA and MEDFICA tax return!
Value averaging vs lump sum
What things should I consider when getting a joint-mortgage?
how is weight in fund calculated for an ETF
Quicken Direct Connect Script/Logic/Add-On Support
How to make a decision for used vs new car if I want to keep the car long term?
Is my salary in UK taxable in India?
How to get money from India to UAE
Which US services allow small/micro-payments using a credit card?
Save on taxes by paying oneself dividends instead of salary from a Canadian company
Calculating the Price of a Bond
How to know more about my tax situation in the States
How to organize bank accounts with wife
Is it possible to sell early on a house in a 30-year mortgage?
Insurance Copay requirement when paying 100% deductible
Closing a futures position
When someone retires is their Social Security check amount set forever?
How should I invest/spend this 50k inheritance?
How do I split my income with my wife?
Best way for for soon to turn 18 to learn about money?
Consequences of having reported FBAR with an account missing?
What should I be considering, as a student with an income for one year?
How to do charitable donation from RRSP? Can there be a tax benefit?
Where to find fund total assets?
Mathematics behind deciding to do a lump sum mortgage payment vs. RRSP contribution?
Are the tax rates same for income from salary, rental, and odd jobs?
Is it a good idea to max out a zero interest revolving credit account?
How is taxation for youtube/twitch etc monetization handled in the UK?
Self-employed individual 401k self, match, and profit sharing contribution limits?
Having more tax deductables than tax paid
Where to park large amount of money that should be easily accessible?
How does GST on PayPal payments work for Australian Taxation?
Here's my plan for saving up for a house - What can I do to improve?
Why HKD-USD conversion rate has been so stable for years?
What's the number 2, 1.84, 2.35 meaning in this news report?
Legal requirements to sell design content, artwork and also freelance in India?
Does this investment strategy have a name?
Sole employee S-Corp 401k - Can Company portion also be made to be Roth?
US citizen living and working in US for a Canadian company.
What is the difference between financial market and market
Pros and cons of filing bankruptcy or paying off debt?
What could be the cause of a extreme high/low price in after hours market?
College 529 plan and state taxes
What are the consequences of IRS "reclassification" on both employer and employee?
Why is a stock trade flat on large volume?
Can you report on time payments on private loan?
1040 Annotations for IRA to Roth trick
Deductibility of traditional IRA contributions in same year as Roth conversion?
What are the risks of buying some platinum right now?
Credit card company doesn't have a record of my account
23 and on my own, what should I be doing?
i have a check from a title company dated 8 years ago
Choosing a strike price when you sell a short combo
Salary Payroll Conversion from Bi-weekly to Semi-monthly Mid-year
When you initial an order in your broker, will you be able to control the buyer/seller on the other side?
When mortgage in dollars should be replace with mortgage in rubles?
Is there any historical example that a market is shrinking down after competition?
Is there a graphic or dataset way to campare the performance of the main currencies over the years?
Income in zero-interest environment
Will I get taxed on withdrawals from Real Cash Economy games?
Live/Work in Illinois but do some work for NY company in Illinois
Ideas for patenting/selling a trading strategy
Straight Index Fund vs IRA + Index Fund
In the UK what are citizens legally obliged to do (in order to not be fined)
How long does a business have to give a refund?
Will getting a secured credit card to buy a single expensive item hurt my credit or help it?
Can there be two primary owners on a car title while only one takes out the loan?
Why does option with lower delta move more?
How good is Wall Street Survivor for learning about investing?
Right way to get paid from US company to India Company
Tax: can back pay be counted for previous years?
Do I need to close out an in-the-money short straddle?
Remit money from US to India from my travellers account
Can a Roth IRA be used as a savings account?
How does end-of-year interact with mutual fund prices (if it does)?
Should I use a bank or a credit union for my savings account?
Certified receipt from IRS
From a tax perspective, how can a business allow a large portion (80%+) of payments to be given to charity (like Humble Bundle)
Car expense deductions with multiple work locations
Where should taxes go when working in USA, but for a Norwegian company
Can/should a foreign person working overseas for a US company contribute to a 401k?
Someone wants my account details and password to transfer money to me
Can people make a profit (in gift cards) when shopping with enough coupons?
Resources for real time market intelligence
Selling stocks at loss (short term) .. should I sell my long term gain stocks in 2014 or 2015?
Do I qualify for a personal 401-K Plan?
Where should I invest if my new 401(k) provider doesn't offer a low risk option?
Legal Financing
Why will the bank only loan us 80% of the value of our fully paid for home?
Can I deduct money I paid to a friend to help rent out my condo?
Should I give my mortgage broker access to my bank account?
Refinance when going to sell?
How poor an idea is it to transfer out of an ISA before the interest is paid?
Can expense ratios on investment options in a 401(k) plan contain part of the overall 401(k) plan fees?
How is income from surveys taxed in the UK?
What reason would a person have to use checks in stores?
Executing a stop loss at the purchase price?
Capital gains on sale of property taken using housing loan
Is there any special meaning when the market price for a stock exactly equals ask or bid?
I'm not broke, but I'm feeling stuck on a fixed income
Would it save money to have company pay for living expenses by taking it out of salary?
Wash sale rule question
How can I fund my US college education?
How can I reduce the risk of credit card closure when paying the balance in full?
Capital gains and flow through tax treatment
Is there a difference between "internalization" and "dark pools"?
Should I invest in real estate to rent, real estate to live in, or just stocks and bonds to earn 10-15%?
IRA Deduction when changing from 401k offered job to non-401k job mid year
Can I have a side income without registering it as a business
Can I use a costco gift card without being a costco member
What should I know about paying taxes for working from home as a new resident in the UK?
What makes an effective and profitable trading system
Stock exchange Last price doesn't match price steps
Is buying a townhouse as a "starter home" a bad idea?
Gift tax with family member gifting real estate
Take advantage of rock bottom oil prices
What are the fees in a targeted retirement fund?
Transfering money from NRE to saving account is taxable or not
What are the tax consequences of selling a condo in Florida?
Opening a bank account in France
Solo-401k interaction with employer sponsored 401k. Limits of contribution from Schedule C income
Calculating underpayment penalty for Maryland state taxes
Is the Social Security with disability option final?
What is fair annual profit for an investor
Protect Money Given Student Loan Debt
What has increased every year for 25 years for the companies on the S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats list?
How to decide on split between large/mid/small cap on 401(k) and how often rebalance
Strategic countermeasures to overcome crisis in Russia
Where I am I liable for taxes?
What to bear in mind when considering a rental home as an investment?
Car accident, my fault what happens with my insurance?
Credit card at Best Buy
Can I claim a parent receiving Medi-Cal benefits as a dependent on my tax return?
1040 or 1040NR this time?
Why not pay in full upfront for a car?
Optimal term/number of months for car finance or lease?
Where should I take some money from after retirement? (IRA, 401K, Roth, Taxable)
Do I have to file California tax return for worldwide income?
How is money transferred between banks?
Best Way to Allocate Invest Dollars Using a Market Timing Investment Approach
Does new car from last year depreciate in value?
Self employed 401k and traditional IRA
HAMP enrollment and side effects
How do margins on tracker mortgages (variable rate mortages) vary over time?
Can I request to change 401k offerings from my employer, e.g. to invest in ETFs?
Overnight charges for brokers holding stocks?
Did Greece really issue bonds to investors yielding 42% interest?
What type of insurance would protect you against the Amazon 1p bug?
How should I pay off my private student loans that have a lot of restrictions?
What happens if I don't pay my rent while my lease still has time to run?
Will U.S. citizenship boost credit score?
Sole Trader or LTD, buy personal house and work from home
What are some ways to negotiate with a lawyer to pay off an outstanding debt?
Principal 401(k) managed fund fees, wow. What can I do?
Is it illegal to refrain from selling stock based on insider information?
Should I treat HSA as taxable or non-taxable in deciding on bonds if my state does tax it?
How do companies protect employees' income from currency flucturations?
How to register LLC in the US from India?
What are the tax implications on selling the Share ISA portfolio?
Mutual fund value went down, shares went up, no action taken by me
Do early payments reset my limit?
How to bet that INR will gain in value
How do I interpret max drawdown and annualized standard deviation?
Transfering balance between VISA cards in different continents
W-4 Worksheet for Spouses Filing Jointly: Who Files the W-4?
Buying a foreclosed property
Is it true that in USA it is a common practice to present gifts with a receipt from store?
Why would my mortgage payment change if the interest rate stayed the same?
Do I have to sell worthless stock to claim a loss and clean up?
Privacy Concerns For Self Employment Taxes
How do I clean up my Memorized Payees in Quicken 2015?
How can I make the accepting of transactions more efficient in Quicken 2015?
401k Withdrawal In US, RNOR Status, and Tax in India
What are my HSA contribution limits if one, but not all members of the family are covered by an HSA-eligible plan?
US tax Implications on (sort of) buying a house in India
Should a retail trader choose a broker with access to dark pools
Explain me the benefit of insurance policy
A second income as a couple
Freelancing and getting taxes taken out up front instead of end of year?
How to protect myself against unauthorized recurring CC charges?
Distribution from a traditional IRA and future contributions to a Roth IRA
I did an experiment with analysts recommendations. How to analyze the results?
Want to put at least $500/yr away for my niece, but NOT for education. Choices?
Is the interest earned on a TFSA account tax deductible if it is moved to an RRSP
What is the difference between a creditor and a lender?
Taking cross currency position with different balance currency
Collaboration on Technical Analysis
Will I, as a CS student, be allowed to take loans for paying the fees of Ivy Leagues?
Why not to invest in an index fund at the end of the year?
How do I tell if I'm overspending on groceries?
How is the annual ROI calculated in Peer-to-Peer Investing?
For a car, what scams can be plotted with 0% financing vs rebate?
How to compare goverment bonds to generic money market position?
Would there be issues with giving someone a gift out of a joint account if the total is over the annual limit per person?
When a fund drops significantly, how can I research what went wrong?
When's 0% financing the least costly (best) option?
How do you enter details of spending in a department store?
Getting started in stock with one special field of activity
Does a house mortgage make it easier to get a personal loan?
Does mechanically disabling payWave/PayPass by punching a hole formally invalidate the card?
My bank refused to do a charge back
Gift Tax and LLC with foreign partners
Gift loan and the 100k rule
My father, an NRI, sold inheirited land in India. He wants to move the money to the USA, with minimum tax. How to go about it?
Paycheck Questions
Roth IRA withdrawal taxes for nonresident aliens after age 59 1/2?
Construction loans - when do payments begin?
What is the process for a Japanese citizen to inherit an IRA?
Is there more money in pockets or in banks?
Why does financial investor bother to buy derivatives and then hedge the position?
Does the death of a spouse affect capital gains calculation of the jointly owned home?
Tax Exemption on Home loan EMI in INDIA
to what extent am I responsible for my wife's student loan?
Why would a passive investor buy anything other than the market portfolio + risk free assets?
Exposure to Irish Housing Market
Investment options
Is it true that as long as you are on a TN visa you have to file taxes in Canada as residents?
How do I handle undocumented Income from consulting to a foreign firm
Home loan for plot owned by my father
Everyone says you should start saving young. However, should my priority be to pay off my mortage?
Is there a risk of abuse in ETFs?
Tax implications of currency exchange between friends?
Can I rely on my home equity to finance large home repairs?
Why would I pick a specific ETF over an equivalent Mutual Fund?
HRA + Home Loan for under construction Property
Net Cash Flows from Selling the Bond and Investing
Which seller is matched to a buyer in the stock market when there are multiple matches?
Home (re)Finance and Providing Additional Information
When is a higher return not desireable in a Retirement Fund?
Buy securities at another stock exchange
What are reasonable administrative fees for an IRA?
Which documents are important to retain?
How can I budget for medical expenses when the medical billing process is so haphazard?
Nanny Tax Withholding threshold
CA PIT / SDI and Federal taxes for our first employee
Nasdaq vs Nasdaq Trade Reporting Facility
Maxing out HSA after maxing out Roth IRA
US resident, Canadian citizen/non-resident tax questions: interest, TFSA, and dividends
How to get cash for shares of a small but successful business?
Can I use an FSA account to reimburse myself only a portion of a medical expense?
Paying tax on monetary gifts
Does settlement of second mortgage count as short sale?
Won an incentive trip in 2013, left employer in 2014, received an earning statement with no cash but a huge tangible bonus listed
NYC property taxes: How can a building worth $12 million have an assessed value of $150,000?
How prudent would it be to invest (stocks/equity) in businesses that are based on Cash transactions?
Credit Card Purchase - 'it is the bank's money no[t] yours' ?
Intenational Credit card
Most Efficient Way to Transfer Money from Israel to the USA?
mortgage vs car loan vs invest extra cash?
Check written to me personally, but for business?
Form 16 for 0 tax payee?
I am selling my business, are there ways to (invest or spend) profit to save on tax cost?
rental property depreciation and recapture on state taxes?
Why is deposit interest rate in the same currency different from country to country?
Vanguard Target Retirement Fund vs. Similar ETF Distribution (w/ REIT)
What to do if your appraisal does not increase your salary after 2 years
Relocation payment from company and tax deductions
Should I use cash back rewards for rewards, or to pay off the balance?
How to gift money anonymously to an individual after collection thru a donation site?
How to invest with a low net worth
What investments work for these goals?
Earning in a declining currency but foreign currency liabilities, what strategy assuming exchange rates continue to decline?
How can the interest rate be disguised in a car lease?
Indian Citizen Getting Paid for Working as Writer for US News Organization
Automatic Investment Plan - Non U.S resident
What should I do when the reality of money present and the amounts in GnuCash differ?
Is it worth using an online platform to invest in various fund houses?
Do I need to keep Title Insurance policy in a safe place
If a put seller closes early, what happens to the buyer?
How can I determine which stores are regarded as supermarkets for a rewards credit card?
Simple tool for running what-if analysis on a set of ticker symbols?
How to split a Roth IRA into multiple accounts?
How much do I need to travel for mileage rewards to beat cash back?
Can an ETF perform differently than its holdings?
Looking to get my first credit card
Is stock trading based more on luck than poker playing?
Why can't I file my California LLC Statement of Information online
How can Ponzi schemes be detected and legally prosecuted?
Separate bank account for security deposit from tenant
Everyone says save at least 10% of your income. What counts as "saving"?
Does FHA goes hand in hand with PMI ?
Put extra payments towards almost paid off house or newer house?
How do I close a bank account that I no longer have any information for?
Would it ever be a bad idea to convert a traditional IRA to a Roth IRA with the following assumptions?
How can I find a list of all North American ETF's including symbols?
Pay for a cheap car or take out a loan?
Taxes on offshore funds held in UK investment account
Any credit cards that won't let you go over your limit?
Fill Up USA TAX
FAFSA, internship and a new house
Handling of credit card bill transactions on bank account when using online banking in Gnucash
EU Start investing for longterm with partner who joins saving in a few years
HDHP Part of Year, HSA Max Contribution
In what order should I save?
Foreign earned income exclusion for DE single-person LLC income
Are SPDR funds good for beginners?
Paying a Navient Loan's Principal
How can I import customers and invoices from a previous year's Gnucash file?
Can I sell shares with old-fashioned paper certificates online?
Student loan debt and business owner: What's the best loan-payoff strategy?
Private student loan balance not moving
Taxes on cash gift from relatives in the Philippines?
Which is better: Employer-sponsored HSA or opening an HSA individually?
Are founders of a company paid dividends?
What is a tranche?
In Canada, can a rejected credit card application hurt?
US resident collecting salary in a foreign account
As a prospective tenant, how can I screen a potential landlord and what should I look for?
Automating high- bank or credit union requirements (e.g. X debit card transactions per month)
Retirement fund and Riester options for university teacher
what happens when I sell my share in the mid of the day when the price is high?
Can I make my savings keep in check with or beat inflation over a long time period via index funds?
What percent of your portfolio should be in a money market account?
Can having a co-signer on a house loan reduce the down payment required?
How to record a written put option in double-entry accounting?
Is there a reason why someone shouldn't buy into a temporarily cheap currency of an otherwise solid economy?
To prevent credit score decreases, what are the optimal frequency and number of credit card applications in Canada?
paying off an auto loan versus Roth versus non-tax-sheltered investment
Can a Foreigner cash a US issued Check in the US?
Reporting software subscriptions
Tax implications of 1099 income across year boundary
Stock portfolio value & profit in foreign currency
Can I deduct expenses incurred to earn side-income, while full-time employed - in Canada?
Investing in USD from the Eurozone (Jan 2015)
What can you with no income do, if you want credit card limit increases?
Next steps for (not me): a recently-divorced single mom, in California, with a 2yr-old
NRE account in indian bank have to pay Income Tax in India
Opening Company in US as non US resident and living in native country. Tax questions!
Wife has FSA with employer, and my new employer offers an HSA plan. What to do?
Can I use a different HSA than PayFlex that came with aetna?
How to search efficiently for financial institutions, credit cards, etc (At least in Canada)?
How do taxes work when your only income is from capital gains?
What is the real exchange rate?
Can my mother keep the money in my custodial account from me?
Is my employee stock purchase plan a risk free investment?
Tax residency options for Australian overseas with no fixed residence?
Is there any chance for a layperson to gain from stock exchange?
Investing in your own LLC - equity or debt
Does Income tax deduct automatically by bank in India?
Why a federal tax withholding of 25% when previous federal withholding tax was 8.9%?
what is a meaning of inclearing check that has remained outstanding for escheated accounts?
Automate Savings by Percentage on varying paychecks?
filing taxes in Canada from another country
Hong Kong - What's the difference between Current Account and Savings Account here
Shares traded and Volume Confusion
Investing in U.S. stock exchanges from Europe. Taxes
Are investor's preference for dividends justified?
Should I get a credit card if I already have a debit card?
Withdrawing from regular vs Roth 401K
Is it possible to get a UK visa gift card while in the US?
Capital improvement and depreciation in restaurant LLC
If I pay the balance due, will I pay no interest in that month?
What does a CFP do?
Why is Morningstar reporting a bid/ask spread of $2.31 (2.19%) when Vanguard reports a 30-day average of $0.02 (0.02%)
Is it possible to get a Visa or Mastercard Gift Card in the US and use it to buy UK products that require a UK billing address?
If I can invest $100 a month, is it better to choose Vanguard S&P 500 ETF or Betterment
what is the timezone that yahoo uses for stock information
privacy concerns when receiving money from paypal from strangers?
How to share profit based on duration and contribution
What name is given to a value such as this?
How to pick a state to form an LLC in?
How much of a company goes public?
Do I pay my quarterly estimated tax if I've only made a small amount?
Got Notice My Personal Information May be Compromised
What are the effects of interest rate changes on long-term bond ETFs?
Mortgage property
Optimal Asset Allocation
What are some simple techniques used for Timing the Stock Market over the long term?
How to correctly track a covered call write (sell to open) in double-entry accounting?
If you share expenses, can someone else claim student loan interest deduction?
15 year mortgage vs 30 year paid off in 15
Does FL based consulting LLC have to pay NY state income tax?
Total gain of portfolio including sold stocks?
Issue with mortgage valuation on new build property
What are the tax consequences if my S corporation earns money in a foreign country?
If I earn 40 credits and stop working, would I get full Social Security benefits at age 67?
Premium Processing Service by benificiary or employer?
Option settlement for calendar spreads
Capital gains on foreign investment?
If I plan to buy a car in cash, should I let the dealer know?
Is it possible to receive online payment via paypal in india without creditcard
Should I write off my time invested in developing a business
Reasonable commission on unique property sale
NY state and federal taxes for tuition and no income.?
Form as LLC or S Corp to reduce tax liability
Life Insurance - How Much is too Much?
When an insider discloses a stock trade are they required to execute?
Do I have to pay the internet installation charges for my home's company internet?
How to get reimbursement of the wrong taxes collected by IRS?
There are 2% cash back (on all purchases) business credit cards, are there ones for individuals?
How to divide up utilities amongst tenants?
USA: Foreign currency savings, trades and tax implications
Working from India in a US company
Evaluating Mortgage Refinance Loan Offers - Short Time Frame
How do Market on Close orders get resolved?
How to treat miles driven to the mechanic, gas station, etc when calculating business use of car?
Multi member member-driven LLC Bank Account without the personal presence of one the memebers
Are there any exchanges in which you can place orders that exceed your funds, but which won't get filled when funds run out?
Should I open an IRA, or will it be redundant once I get a 401k?
Given advice "buy term insurance and invest the rest", how should one "invest the rest"?
Why would Swiss franc rise cause FX firm failures?
How to make use of EUR/USD fluctuations in my specific case?
Any reason to invest in a mutual fund at launch?
Tracking down forgotten brokerage account
How to minimize the risk of a credit card being compromised
Loan of $70k from a friend
Understanding payment options with NS&I Bonds
Non US-resident, need to file 83b election TODAY with the IRS - I have an SSN but it says "valid for work only with DHS auth" - is this OK?
Asset Allocation and Timing with a Cash Windfall in Q1 2015
How much can I deduct as far as tax preparation costs?
insuring my car under girlfriends policy
Will there always be somebody selling/buying in every stock?
What's the difference between Market Cap and NAV?
Why no "reverse direct deposit" setups?
how much of foreign exchange (forex/fx) "deep liquidity" is really just unbacked leverage and what is the effect?
What constitutes 'income' for credit card &c? (US specific)
How can I find out in GnuCash how much I have spent in a given time period?
Newest transactions added on top, not bottom, of accounts in GnuCash?
Tangible alternative to paper U.S. savings bonds?
question about early exercise of a NQSO
What I can do to offset a bad fixed-rate mortgage?
What is bespoke insurance?
What quarter does a payment on the first of the month belong to?
Starting late for retirement
Arguments on the "unconstitutionality" of income tax: What acts, etc. of Congress require payment of income tax?
Principal amount on house loan shown in saving 80C
U.S. OTC Market Depth - Level 2?
Due Diligence - Dilution?
How to calculate Annual Percentage Rate
Weird charge in insurance plan [Netherlands]
Collecting pay while on leave of absence?
How do I protect my credit/debit cards from being stolen or scanned?
Filed as W2 employee but paid erroneously as 1099 employee for 2014
What is the best way to increase the earned money staying in US for an NRI?
Common Stock Options Value
Is there any real purpose in purchasing bonds?
Savings account with mango money for emergency fund
Tax liability in US for LLC's owned by an Indian Citzen
Need something more basic than a financial advisor or planner
Indian resident owning dividend-paying shares in company based in France: Can I save on withholding tax?
Shopping around for loans without detrimentally affecting credit rating/chance of getting said loan?
Preference shares vs. common shares and overall holding structure for a public company?
From India, and also worked in Kuwait in 2014. Do I owe income tax in India?
Is knowingly providing an incorrect/fake reference for a car loan fraud?
Investment strategy for 401k when rolling over soon
What impact does trading in a car have on your credit score?
When to use a stop limit order over a stop order
Student on F1 VISA; trouble filing taxes | Unique case
Permanent resident filing taxes from a UK employer
What is the best way to calculate total yield on a stock portfolio?
Is there a CD that allows additional contributions?
What happens when a company stops trading? (pink sheets)
How can a 'saver' maintain or increase wealth in low interest rate economy?
Getting money paid to a US based bank account for Indian company based invoice
Regarding NRI Tax returns
When is credit card utilization calculated?
Can a store/company deposit a refund into a bank account, then take it back out again?
Can I avoid tax on sale of home after only 1 year of residence?
Question about being a resident
Make money based on interest rate cut in Canada
Which 2014 TurboTax Edition Do I Need?
Are there disadvantages to day trading ETFs?
Can't sell my house because of HOA delinquency rate
Reporting ESPP ordinary income on shares purchased living in Europe
How to invest (trade, or speculate) in commodities?
Value of credit score if you never plan to borrow again?
Can I file taxes on a home based business and deduct expenses even if I don't generate income?
My wife and I own two cars. Which of us need to be insured on each?
Opening US Bank account for US citizen while abroad
First convert owner occupied to rental, then sell --- capital gain?
Tax consequences when foreign currency changes in value
What tax filings are required for real estate transactions?
Sales tax "trick" while buying a used car; i.e. declaring sale at lower than actual transaction value?
No withdrawal from paypal to Egypt, Udemy.com requires paypal. What should i do?
Why is the terminology "put" and "call" not applicable to futures contracts?
Do individual stocks have futures trading
Does this Budget Make Sense for a New Condo?
Claiming car as a business expense in the UK
Calculation, timing, and taxes related to profit distribution of an S-corp?
What would you do with a large land inheritance with high tax rate?
Why may certificate price be substantially below commodity price?
Does NIC Class 4 contributions counts to your retirement pension?
Real estate agent best practice
For a non-resident, Is it worth investing in a 401k?
Is paid time off (PTO) considered taxable income?
How much hassle is it inheriting shares?
Working from home in Vermont as W2 employee for employer in California. Need I file a CA tax return?
Planning to invest in stock, age 16
Why Google Finance puts to two decimal places for the trading volumes?
Is the Investopedia simulator an accurate representation of real stock trading?
How to figure out the life time saving of refinancing?
I have more than $250,000 in a US Bank account... mistake?
Is state tax based on work location or home location
How to start day-trading? Any advice about software for beginner?
Can you replace Roth IRA contributions that you withdraw from the current year?
Do I have to report gift money from my spouse and family?
IRA advisory fee?
What states base income tax on world wide income?
Should I make partial pre-payments on an actuarial loan?
Vanguard limit order vs stop order in a buy scenerio
Paid via PayPal with bank account, but was a couple dollars short
How to donate to charity that will make a difference?
1099 versus corporation to corporation for payments?
What happens to the bond ETF when the underlying bond matures
Why buy bonds when GICs offer better interest
Lend money at a rate linked to the prime rate
Do my kids need to file a tax return?
Interaction between health exchange and under-65 Medicare coverage
What does it mean to borrow long and lend short
Why are U.S. Treasury interest rates are so low vs. other nearly risk-free rates?
How to know if buying a house is a good investment?
Am I double taxed on a lease buyout?
UK Tax: Filling in a HMRC P85 Form - Leaving the UK
Found Mistake on 2013 1120S Form
Applied for loans but chosen not to take them, will this look like I was refused?
Working in Saudi since aug 14, am I considered as NRI and do I need to pay tax
What does "balance available" mean?
Are dividends the only thing linking stocks to corporate performance?
How does an inverse ETF work
How does "on the next percentage" work (for company matching)?
Employer rollover from 403b to 401k?
Why big clients want the contractor to be incorporated before giving them work
How to evaluate annual leave amount when comparing jobs?
Qualified Stock Options purtchased through my Roth IRA
HSA contribution and self HDHP
What can I do all year to be sure I get my best tax return or at least break even?
Why have candlestick charts overlaps?
Received SSDI income less than 15,000. Do I need to file income tax?
Should I update my address tied to an old bank account if I'm planning to move again in a couple of months?
Trading : how to deal with crashes (small or big)
Why is there a lack of correlation between the global usage of oil and the price of oil?
How to divide up utilities when one tenant's rent includes utilities, but others' don't?
Making Money on your Tax Return
Starting a side business slowly
Book recommendation for beginners
Transfer of property proceeds from india to USA
Can I get home loan and claim tax benefit if I repay the loan for a property in India which is in my mother's name?
If I am paying my household employees taxes what should the W2 contain?
Should I buy my house from my landlord?
How to spend more? (AKA, how to avoid being a miser)
How do I get a Taxpayer Identification number for Google wallet merchant account while I am in India?
Extracting money from American Express card
UK Online Stock Tradiing for Beginner and Small Amounts?
India Freelancer - how to get money directly in bank account (without PayPal), how to pay tax for this extra income
How does one calculate this problem?
Investments beyond RRSP and TFSA, in non-registered accounts?
What is the purpose of marking-to-market a futures contract?
tax consequences on selling rental property for citizens living abroad
How to send full loan amount to India from Saudi Arabia?
What happens with an accidental excess contribution to an ISA?
Can a non-citizen claim a US lottery prize on a ticket purchased through a third party?
Why might a robo-advisor service like Betterment be preferable to just buying a single well-performing index fund like SPY?
If I start a company and put in £100, what account should that be filed under?
Most effective instant access savings for a child - UK
Can a dealer keep my deposit (on a non-existant car) if my loan is not approved?
Swap hedging a currency hedge
Not receiving a tax refund because local taxes weren't withheld on my paycheck?
"To open: fold and tear along perforation" -- why?
Basic mutual fund investment questions
Why do almost all U.S. banks have a Salt Lake City P.O. box for accepting deposits?
Health Savings Account Insurance Reimbursement
Do I need to report RRSP gain even if it is not taxable?
ITIN exception 1c- passive income bank letter
Mortage Insurance or higher life insurance
In Canada, how much money can I gift a friend or family member without them being taxed on it?
Why don't share prices of a company rise every other Friday when the company buys shares for its own employees?
Should I pay off a 0% interest car loan or put money towards high principal student loans?
Is this trick enough to totally prevent bankrupcy in a case of a crash?
Online tools for ordering FTSE by P/E
Should I use my primary home or the investment property for collateral on the mortage when buying an investment property?
Where to report 1042-S income and federal tax withheld on form 1040?
Paying over the minimum mortgage payment
Lifetime Learning Tax Credit if company pays for grad school?
Cheapest/easiest way to convert AUD to USD on a short-term (2-3 month) basis
Shares in Chinese startup company
Is it possible to trade CFD without leverage?
Strategies for investing 25k in a taxable account?
I founded my LLC in October 2014 but my business still isn't active. Do I need to file taxes?
Virtual currency investment
I guess I'm American (by birth). I'm Canadian... my investment company is asking an impossible question. I don't have an SSN, what to do? Lie?
Why would one W-2 give so much more back than the other?
Should I proactively declare chapter 7 bankruptcy to end a pending $200,000 personal liability lawsuit before it gets started?
Are traders 100% responsible for a stock's price changes?
IRA transfer - any tax implications?
Who can truly afford luxury cars?
How is Company's Stock option exercise price calculated ?
It is legal if company asks for scans of my Credit Card?
What happened to my remaining money?
Can I expense the rent for a three month contract abroad
What else can I do aside from my job to accumulate wealth?
Why the S&P futures prices are not reflecting the general bullish sentiment of the US stock market
Best way to make most of savings with ISA and Offset mortgage
How do I account for 100 percent vendor discounts in GnuCash 2.6.5
How exactly does dealing in stock make me money?
Why don't boards of directors try to produce results in line with estimates?
For SSI, is "authorized user" status on a bank account the same as "ownership"?
403B vesting and giving notice
Are there statistics showing percentage of online brokerage customers that are actually making a profit trading forex/futures/options?
credit card payment
Are mutual funds safe from defaults?
FOK order type: can they be market or limit orders?
Can we use ETF instead of individual stocks to perform an index arbitrage
Does weekend count for option decay?
Co-signed a loan and I need to have my name removed
How do banks calculate interst on savings account
Why an ETF mirrors the underlying index on a day to day basis but not on a long term basis
What can i use as collateral for a secured line of credit except my home
Selling a home with rules test question
My medical insurance was withheld post-tax instead of pre-tax, what can I do now?
In double entry book keeping terminology, what is the term or expression for when a journal entry both debits and credits the same account?
What do mutual funds gain by being different from ETFs
Is trading stocks easier than trading commodities?
Can I enroll in FSA after losing coverage due to my father losing his job?
At the federal level, are tax-free earnings the only tax advantage of 529 plans?
Expenses vs Capitalizing?
Potential to live in one of two states: Which is better for optimizing income?
How to improve Gnucash QIF import matchings by adding account to each transaction
How do I know what is the current market interest rate for bonds?
Is engaging in stocks without researching unwise?
how derivatives transfer risk from one entity to another
What is an adjustment?
Demurrage vs inflation
Sell or keep rental Property?
Incorrect XIRR value of installment loan?
TIAA-CREF equivalent or else other tax-sheltered plan types in Canada, beyond TFSA?
Fixed Index Annuity a wise "secure" investment?
Hedge against Oil industry?
How to invest a small guaranteed monthly income?
Any difference between W2 by mail and W2 by e-mail?
How does Yahoo finance adjust stock data for splits and dividends?
How an ETF reinvests dividends
Investing in a property fund vs a "feeder" fund
Can I open an RESP for myself and transfer to my children's RESP account later?
Option spreads in registered accounts
TFSA withdrawl to make room for options deposit
Why VIX shares an inverse relationship with SPX
What is the relation between the price of crude and the corresponding ETF
Reporting 988 transactions on tax returns?
Amortizing bond premiums for corporate bonds?
How splits and dividends affect option prices
Why do Americans have to file taxes, even if their only source of income is from a regular job?
How to deal with taxable income from discharge of student loan?
Is credit card payment authorization safe?
Fixed versus adjustable rate mortgages for short duration ownership
Are Bond funds a good idea
Does the ETF ticker price include its expense ratio?
How some mutual funds pay such high dividends
Can the beta of a stock be used as a lagging indicator for the stock w.r.t the market
Who is legal owner of credit card, me or bank?
How do I deal with a mistaken attempt to collect a debt from me that is owed by someone else?
What can I do with a physical stock certificate for a now-mutual company?
I filled the wrong income tax form, what should I do?
Can I gift my wife 14k to reduce my tax liability?
What exactly am I buying when I buy volatility
Saving tax for long term stock investment capital gain by quiting my current job?
What can I do about recovering a vehicle that I co-signed for on a personal loan?
Closed out old 401k. Rollover and cash out option. Received wrong amounts
Can personal banking customers use the BMO Harris Bank remote cheque deposit system?
Is this a valid strategy to reduce interest payments for student loans?
Is gift tax owed when giving money from a non-US person to a US person if the money is originating in a US bank account?
Calculating greeks from given option information
How to calculate Annual Percentage Rate of a loan with unequal periodic payments?
What should a 21 year old do with £60,000 ($91,356 USD) inheritance?
How useful is pre-approval from multiple lenders?
How to interpret a trailing stop limit order
Estimated Taxes Fall Short of tax liability --- how do I pay extra online (Federal and NYS)
Correct way to get paid from a web design?
Does an LLC Protect me From Owing a Mortgage?
Why the call option premium sometimes does not decrease the further out of money we go
Gifting Money for a downpayment
Reclaiming withheld income from past year 1042-S
Under what circumstances is a membership a deductible donation?
Taxable Scholarship Qualifications
What is the smartest thing to do in case of a stock market crash
Donating to US versus Canadian charities to maximizing tax benefits
How to properly report income without 1099-MISC
How to double-entry bookkeep money incoming from sold items?
How to bet on a falling USD without inverse ETF
Is PhD stipend on 1099-MISC tax-exempt?
Investing inheritance money to build a spec home
can alimony exist prior to divorce for the purpose of US tax filing?
Renting Below Fair Rent (with maintenance agreement) - Tax Implications
Can unclear or deceptive company news and updates affect the stock price in the opposite direction of where the company is actually headed?
What are the consequences of being classified as a day trader, in Australia?
Legal way US based Employer transfer money to India based employee
Paying Tax on Stocks Trading
My girlfriend is going to be a public servant. Is it worth to marry now?
How to avoid getting back into debt?
Claiming residential energy credits on US tax return
Is there a "reverse wash sale" rule?
How can I invest in Asian and African Markets?
How do I buy and sell money as an investment online?
Pay off Home Buyers Plan - or not
Argentinian wants to work for company in Europe and receive transfers to bank in the US, how to pay tax?
What is a reasonable International Bank Draft Fee for cashing a cheque in Sweden from a friend in Scotland?
Should business property tax return item values include shipping and sales tax?
Company A is buying company B, what happens to the stock?
Non Resident Alien(Working full time on F1-OPT) new car sales tax deduction
How do I begin investment saving, rather than just saving in a bank account?
Student loans: Invest money until just before graduation (capitalization) or pay interest now?
Why Gamma shares an inverse relationship with volatility
Over the long term, why invest in bonds?
Why do corporate financial statistics vary depending on their source?
Why not invest more in the Healthcare sector?
What does "24Hrs Is A Must" Mean on a Real Estate Listing?
Trade stocks in USA
If I want to take cash from Portugal to the USA, should I exchange my money before leaving or after arriving?
How can I buy an ETF?
Withdrawal of MPF after 60-years old
Fee-Based Online Financial Planners
As a regular person, can I perform/simulate a direct deposit?
taxes, ordinary income, and adjusted cost basis for RSUs
A liquid ETF that tracks the us dollar
40 year old A and J makes 1M a year. What is the best investment to save on tax?
Transfer USD to inr
American opportunity credit with foreign country education
Double entry bookkeeping for a defined benefit pension scheme
Do I need to file Form 3520 if I receive over 100k living expenses from parents overseas?
How many naked option contracts can I write if I want to use maximum margin
What happens when short interest exceeds outstanding shares
should i cash some twenty year old EE savings bonds?
How to sell large amount of options?
Traditional firms vs. Computer managed firms for investing
How to handle fiscal months?
How often are preferred shareholders made whole after a company goes bankrupt?
State tax issues for NJ resident with DC tax withheld, and likely refunded
Strategy for investing in a tax saving fixed deposit account
How to view performance history if we invested in the past?
What are the steps for creating a systematic investment plan for mutual funds?
Tax filing for Summer Internship
Mortgage interest deduction isn't affecting total income tax refund/owed?
Why we sometimes use mean and sometimes use standard deviation to measure volatility
do i have to file taxes in Canada if no income?
Total Yearly Expenditures for a Single Person in the USA
Theoretically, if I bought more than 50% of a company's stocks, will I own the company?
Can a bank statement be submitted as a proof of investment?
I have a 414(h) pension plan as a teacher in New Jersey. Am I permitted to also contribute yearly to an individual Ira?
Remote jobs and incidental wage costs: What do I have to consider?
Tax deductible retirement contribution
Correct term for describing how "interesting" a stock is to buy
How does pre-market trading work?
Paid My Property Taxes Late--In Which Year Do I Get the Deduction?
Calculation of earned income for Roth IRA contribution
What is the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price?
Recording claimable expenses in GnuCash
Transfer money from foreign account to Indian bank account?
Are companies like EquityZen legitimate and useful?
Income Tax form in India for freelancing
How do credit cards, minimum payments, and interest work?
Who does the Title Company work for?
I just received $40K. How should I invest?
How do you choose which mortgage structure is appropriate when buying a home?
(Arizona) Bought a car with financing, do I take it to DMV/DOT?
Options liquidity and trading positions larger than the daily volume?
Income Tax in India for variable Income
Rental Car Company or Insurance Provider: Whom Do I Call First?
Why does selling and then rebuying stock not lead to free money?
Current Account Monthly Pay In
UK: How to *leave* self select stock and shares ISA (without selling the shares)?
How do credit card companies deal with disputes of duplicate charges?
Is the MBA an overrated degree/qualification?
Close an option position after getting an early assignment notice
Determine if my foreign taxes resulted from ordinary or qualified dividends?
How to record HSA-reimbursable medical transaction into gnucash?
Why do some stocks have trading halts and what causes them?
Questions related to medical reimbursment
Start a business or remain an employee?
viewing stock market transactions
Loan Application in South Dakota
Are contributions made to RRSP which are paying back a HBP withdrawal still tax deductible like regular contributions?
understanding percentage logic for an ETF holdings
How much taxes do corporations have to pay on dividends they receive from other companies?
if I have a 414 h in NY can I also contribute to a roth ira?
Calculating selling rate for foreign currency exchange
Jointly owned inherited house
Receiving money from Paypal via a friend in different country
Does it make sense to invest in bonds when interest rates are likely to rise?
Is there a way to avoid short-term capital gains taxes on bond funds?
US Tax exemption for Independent student contractor working from India
How much of my capital should I spend on subscribing to a stock research company?
Are there contracts for fixed pay vs. fixed pay rates?
Pros/cons of drawing income in retirement from sole-owner corporation vs. sole-proprietorship?
Do I need to file taxes for multi-member LLC with no activity (State of NJ)
Short Term investments without interest
Could CRA consider income from frequent trading of listed stock options as regular income, not capital gains?
Is it mandatory for tax preparation companies to offer free basic service?
Why are there no exchange traded options on 3x leveraged ETNs
What should I consider before opening an account at a bank in another state?
What happens to 401k when I change my job?
Where is my dividend?
How do I claim HST compensation on my personal Ontario income taxes?
Value of a collateralized asset
Income tax India change of form for defective return
Why I cannot find a "Pure Cash" option in 401k investments?
How does shorting ETFs work? What are the costs and tax implications?
Tax Exemption on Home loan on property on Father's name in INDIA
Comparing historical performance of different accounts
I withdrew cash from U.S. ATM (not U.S. bank card) and put it into U.S. bank. Is it taxable income?
When a bond is called back by issuer, do i still get the interest, or only the principal back
Extend warranty on current car or trade in for new cheaper car?
Max IRA contributions and expensive 401(k) plan with no match. Where else to invest?
Are bonds taxed every year or only at maturity
Why gamma scalping is not advised for retail traders with reg T margin
What is a Lower Penthouse?
Filling in Form 8802
Market Value vs Book Value of investments
Credit card with no card holder names on it
How can I ensure that a CD sold by a brokerage is FDIC protected?
Income tax implications in India: sending money to ordinary OWN saving bank account
Questions related to leave travel allowance
Basic Roth IRA Tax Understanding
Tuition from tax deduction
Tax implications for receiving a car as compensation for work
1040NR-EZ: Previous year's paid state tax & Itemized deductions
Taxes on gifting a home to a son?
ESPP cost bases for 2014 taxes
Joint bank account and taxes in UK
Non-U.S. Citizen Backpacker Working Remotely for U.S. Company
Dividends reinvested in a 401k or Coverdell ESA show up on 1099-DIV?
"Occupation" field on IRS Form 1040
Number of postsecondary schools attended?
Federal treatment of recaptured depreciation paid to DC?
What is the cost basis of property converted to rental, purpose?
Recovering over-contribution to Social Security between two employers?
What are the rules regarding HSA spending on Medical/Dental tourism?
Is a child also a dependent in IRS withholding calculator?
Foreign currency losing value -- can I report this as a loss for tax purposes?
Living in my own rental property
Make IRA contributions all at once or periodically throughout the year?
Can my UK limited company claim tax relief on donations to foreign charities?
How does an FSA work with rebates?
How do we calculate the gain on primary residence that was converted to rental for two years?
Affordable Care Act Documentation
I landed in the US on 16th Aug 2014 & my wife/kid joined me on 26th Sept 2014. What is my residency status for filing my tax returns for 2014?
US Citizen living and working in Canada for US company - HST?
How do you report S-corporation Shareholder loans / capital contributions?
Why at the money option has higher theta than out of money option
Pay off no interest loan with a personal loan?
Is a US expat with savings in multiple currencies considered to be investing in the non-USD currency?
Debt Relief Agency or cash out IRA?
Can I deduct remaining LLC losses against W2 wages once the LLC is dissolved?
Tax implications of using FSA funds during grace period
Two names on US tax refund, filed as 'single'
Accepting a deposit into my mortgage from a third party and paying them interest
Reporting a debt with $0 minimum payment on loan application
What home expenses can I claim back from working full time at home for a business in the UK?
Who can I contact for free help with certain IRS forms?
Tax on irregular freelance work
To what extent are wedding prices negotiable?
Can I gift money out of a UTMA account to my child's sibling?
How to determine the cost basis on primary home converted to rental (for depreciation)
I'm being asked for installment tax payments, but I just started as a salaried employee. What should I do?
Paying off debts
Social Security and Medicare deductions/payments
Why Does My Tax Free Savings Account Say I Have 0 Contribution Room as of 2015?
Setting up a tax deferring IRA
How can I pull a credit report on my 20-year-old son?
Do corporate stock splits negate share repurchase programs?
I received a refund when I did not return the item, and they won't reverse the refund? At what point is that considered "my money"?
Investment property refinance following a low appraisal?
Not sure whether to File this Year
Can expense ratios for certain ETFs differ between brokerages?
Online resources for understanding credit reports, including a sample?
Can my U.K. limited company lend money to a director or another person?
What are the pros/cons of these investment types?
How does a company get money by going public in an IPO?
How to calculate and claim AMT credit
Sleazy Bait and Switch Marketing -- Is this legal?
Is it smart to only invest in mid- and small-cap stock equity funds in my 401(k)?
Could e-file rejection rule 1040A-030-01 be due to rounding?
Will a credit card issuer cancel an account if it never incurs interest?
Is there any way to transfer student loan debt to my independent contracting business?
Does Income Tax have to be paid in India if i am paying IT abroad also and i am not a NRI
After hitting 80% LTV, my mortgage lender refuses to remove PMI. Any recourse?
How Credit Card company makes money (when considering rewards and pay full balance every month)
Magazine subscription leads to unauthorized recurring payment
How can I receive money in the US without having a work visa?
How can I refinance or get out of a car loan I am upside down on?
Transfer 401(k) after starting distributions
Sell your home and invest in growth stock mutual fund
Receive credit card payment sending my customer details to a credit card processing company?
What's the difference, if any, between stock appreciation and compound interest?
How do I correct and countersign a check with date error?
Are there special tax implications when paying for services in the next year? In another country
Frustrated Landlord
Will using margin always lower my sharpe ratio
What is meant by pensionable earnings
Credit card issued against my express refusal; What action can I take?
new car loan vs use mortgage loan to pay for car
To sell the house or not to sell the house?
Can preventive health checkup be claimed as a separate expense from medical expenses?
Making sense of mutual fund returns
Calculating cost basis
Extracting the value of a rate increase
From ACH direct debit to Prepaid card?
How do market indices translate to dollar values?
VA Mortgage Refinance Question
Remittance to India from US in an Indian account?
Ripped plastic Canadian currency/bills
How to increase my credit score
Invest in (say, index funds) vs spending all money on home?
Equity As Part of Compensation
Tax implications of owning a Roth IRA as a Canadian resident?
Placing bid in market price
Buyout information
What's best investment option? Mutual fund or Property
Calculating total number of monthly payments in Excel using NPER and PMT?
How soon (after your first credit card statement ever) do you get a credit file/history in Canada?
How does start-up equity end up paying off?
Are U.S. Social Security payroll contributions and state taxes deductible from taxable income for India?
What, if any, are the downsides of direct deposit?
How to deal with intraday prices conflicting with EOD highs and lows
Does mutual fund front-load fee count toward IRA contribution limits?
Loan to son - how to get it back
Will being added as an authorized CC user help or hurt in the short term?
Should I try to get an old late credit card payment removed?
How do celebrities protect their banking-related identity?
As an investor, should I care about voting rights and pre-emption? (UK)
What is the best credit card for someone with no credit history
Redirecting my portion of beneficiary IRA?
What is HSA contribution limit with 75% HRA compensation?
When using an HSA debit card for qualified medical expenses, do you typically need to mail your provider proof?
Avoid exorbitant costs when forced to break a lease
What are the reasons to get more than one credit card?
Why does the American Express credit application ask how you want your name to appear?
Do I have to wash money through HSA account?
Can I deduct the full amount of a rental loss in two states?
Is a naked put really that risky
Where do I-Bonds fit into personal finance plans?
Can I contribute to a Roth IRA while living and working overseas?
Make Visa, hybrid debit/credit card default to credit mode?
Child is on the way, invest for college and car fund options - opinions
Defaulting on early termination charges out of a phone contract
What is the penalty for having an HSA and Medicare?
Unused Education Tax Credit carryover amounts in ON Canada
To pay off a student loan, should I save up a lump sum payoff payment or pay extra each month?
Whats tips do you have for someone beginning to invest in property?
Does dividends lead to early assignment of put option, or just call option
Why would I choose a 40-Year depreciation instead of the standard 27.5-Year?
Is it worth contributing to my 401k if I will only stay with the company a short time?
How can I resolve a missing credit card reward check?
Insurance, healthcare provider, apparent abuse, lack of transparency
Tax Implications - First 2-Family Rental Property
Can someone explain to me how should I go about paying off my student loans?
One of my stocks dropped 40% in 2 days, how should I mentally approach this?
Should I use 529 plan?
Is it legal to have a Savings account in india while I am working in the US
Is corporate housing provided as part of a relocation package tax-deductible?
How to evaluate growth stocks
If I buy a $0 subsizided phone with a carrier, can my credit card extended warranty apply to the phone purchase?
Portfolio Diversity : invest $4000 into one account or $1000 into 4 accounts?
How can people have such high credit card debts?
How should accounting software be categorized in terms of business expense?
Risk and reward of a synthetic option position
Where to find the full book of outstanding bids/asks for a stock?
Should the amounts in W-2 Box 14 appear in Box 14 in TurboTax?
If an option's price is 100% made up of its intrinsic value, is there a way to guarantee a non-loss while having a chance at a profit?
Am I investing properly for my future?
As US citizen want to send money to my parents account. Do they need to pay tax? If not how can they show that it is a gifted amount from my daughter?
If the put is more expensive than the call, what does it mean
Can I claim a child as a dependent on my tax return as a J-1 visa holder?
Self Employed, but not required to pay estimated taxes?
Can I claim my daughter as a dependent on my 2014 tax return even though she got married in August?
Filing Dual Status Return with one W-2 From Same Company
Financial product with high variance, instead of lottery
Does it affect our credit score if we refinance one mortgage and apply for a new one within a short span?
How can the interest on a savings account be higher than the mortgage rate?
Is laminate flooring an "Improvement" or "Depreciable Property"?
Do you pay taxes on stock gains that are just returning to their original purchase price?
How do I deduct state tax overpayment when going from "married filing jointly" to "single"
Paid extra tax. Do I need to get a corrected 1099G?
How do I know what credit card to sign up?
Understanding the synthetic long put option
Do I have to file two tax returns if I am employed and self-employed?
Should I Have Received a 1099-G?
How do I create a Custom Bar chart report in GnuCash?
Transfer a Public Provident Fund account from minor to major in India
Investment Options for 14-year old?
a "fully" American option strategy?
Recapture (repay) all or part of that credit or deduction
What happens if the appraisal is different than the sale price?
Write off bedroom as office
irr calculation on stock with dividends
Can I use Quicken asset class information to rebalance my portfolio?
Can an individual investor easily trade options for NASDAQ-CM equities?
Where to find information about taxes in order to compare job offers?
Claiming against visa rental car insurance
why would closing price of a stock be different from different sources, and which would you take as the real price?
What are the trading cost differences between stocks and mutual funds in 401k account?
Worked as a non-resident alien in the US (Canadian citizen and resident) for a few months under a TN visa, how do I file a tax refund?
USA H1B Employee - Capital gains in India from selling selling stocks
Non-resident alien in the US working in Canada under a TN Visa - Determining sponsor for tax purposes?
Is Schedule C appropriate for single-owner S Corporation elected company (Domestic For-Profit Corporation) registered in Washington, D.C.?
Calculating equity split in selling a property
Small capital investment in Germany
What to do with your savings in Japan
Can I max out both an SEP and Roth IRA in the same year?
As a US citizen studying in Canada, do I pay income taxes in either country for Scholarships?
How can I find a checking account that allows for automated transfers of dynamic amounts?
Net income correlation with Stock Price
Can I and should I put my dad's Parent PLUS student loan under my name?
Am I obligated to file through a tax preparer after an unsatisfactory consultation?
Equifax credit score discrepancy in 1 month, why?
Tax liability for stocks vested for a H1B visa holder
What is the meaning of this information in my broker account?
How can I judge loan availability?
Flex spending accounts and hsa when changing jobs
Do I have to pay tax on my last pay check which is the first of the tax year?
Trading an FHA loan to bank for an REO
Are health insurance premiums obtained through ACA deductible for the self employed?
Odds of early assignment for a short in the money call
Received Check as Business Before Having Funds to Start the LLC
UK Income tax relief for ISAs: How does the sheltering of earnings work?
What scrutiny to expect if making large purchase with physical cash?
What are Some Good Low Cost Index Funds to Invest in for the Long Term?
Can I avoid an audit by submitting documents early?
What will my taxes be as self employed?
Possible to remove condo townhouse fees?
What does it mean when a company will be conducting a non-renounceable entitlement offer?
Are there any disadvantages to having multiple IRA accounts?
How often do stocks become worthless?
US citizen to receive money from mother British Overseas Citizen as gift money
I accidentally charged sales tax to a tax exempt client. Can I simply refund them?
How do I Fundamentally Analyze this Stock so I may see if the Company is Running Well?
Sell a stock and buy a new one
Accounting for small business inventory: different beginning inventory
How can I make a SIMPLE IRA employee contribution for 2014 in March 2015?
Apply for credit card online and get card # immediately?
Is it safe to scan debit card's front and back side for my broker?
Indian citizen. Moving to Brunei. Working as freelancer for US company. In which account do I get my salary transferred?
Investing in EIS and SEIS
1099 to an S Corporation
Understanding Put Options
Exchange rate $ ETF,s
How can I compare my portfolio to others' portfolios?
In what circumstances will a bank waive the annual credit card fee?
What are the complications of making different signatures?
Does anyone know where I can find a free efficient frontier tool, or an informative and legitamate/academic graph of the efficient frontier?
What is the standard deviation and mean return of oil?
A record of deposits for Roth IRA?
Does an understanding of synthetic options give any edge to the retail trader
What Canadian account number format do European banks need for wire transfer instructions?
Tax implications of selling a non-owner-occupied house and receiving installments
Check expiry date
Is there any data that shows how diversifying results in better returns than just sticking to an all-stock portfolio?
UK taxation for options and futures trading
How do used vehicle exchange programs at car dealerships work?
How do I calculate my net worth according to the book "The Millionaire Next Door"?
How to report short term capital loss occurred between 16-Mar and 31-Mar in ITR2?
How can I diversify investments across currencies in ISA?
Question related to Public Provident Fund interest calculation
What is the difference between spot forex trading and cfd forex trading?
Using a cash account can someone trade all day on it?
What is considered high or low when talking about volume?
Can unpaid tax debt to IRS lead to a bad credit?
Moving reimbursement qualifies as accountable, taxed as non-accountable
Investors may never recover ... losses from bond funds?
Calculate Months Until Loan Break-Even (Lender Perspective)
What's the proper way of dividing income/deductions wages between two states?
What is the difference between the closing date and due date for a credit card?
2014 Tax Fee For One Month Without Healthcare
When filing taxes can I apply deductions of the current year for a future year instead?
Moved with my girlfriend for her new job, I paid moving expenses, which she later repaid. Can she claim moving deduction? (USA)
How do practically determine a house's value
How to handle two K-1 forms from same company?
If bonds' current yields soar, then should you hold yours until maturity?
Demand for investment-grade bonds with more than 10% coupon?
No maturity, for bonds in ETFs or bond ETFs?
Can I deduct a 2013 donation to charity on my 2014 tax return?
Why do options skip May/June?
Direct Mutual funds in India through Demat
Managing Multiple Funds in One Checking Account
What is the risk in capturing dividends using a covered call?
How should I decide in what order to sell shares from different lots?
Indian income tax 2014-2015
can foreign income be used to pay Home loans without paying any taxes?
Why is this option trade considered over the counter
How to avoid/limit currency exchange fees?
ETFs mirroring consistently outperforming companies?
Meaning: 'pay the piper on the bottom line'
Personal bank account for non-resident in UK
Selecting between investment vehicles for income
How to correct a tax return filed electronically and already approved?
Is there a way to open a U.S. bank account for my LLC remotely?
Do I just let an options conversion/reversal trade go to expiration?
UK - reclaim VAT on purchases for freelance work
Am I a tenant in common by mortgaging my share?
How does it look to jump around from bank to bank?
Withdrawing from RRSP to pay income tax owed to CRA?
How Do I Make Sure the IRS Receives My Tax Return on Time?
What is the pitfall of using the Smith maneuver
While working overseas my retirement has not gone into a retirement account. Is it going to kill me on the FAFSA?
Dollar transfering from australia to India and back to Australia
Over payment via autopay
Do "Instant Approved" credit card inquires appear on credit report?
Should I wait until I absolutely need the money to draw income from Social Security?
If I join a prop trading firm, will I enjoy low commissions
Contribute to RRSP without deducting?
Tax exemptions for US stocks held in a Candian account
Understanding the Home renovation tax credit in ontario
Buying a UK property but from another country
Do I retain the dividend if I buy back a short stock before the ex dividend date
Checks made out to multiple parties with 'and'. How can I deposit it with one signature?
Should my mother be an Independent Contractor or my Employee (for tax purposes) as she provides babysitting services to my young children?
Buy to Let - Daughter-in-Law
The risk of shared family plan for cellphone
How to know when to buy british pound
Need to add someone to Bank of America savings account
Can I contribute to a 401k for employer matching and then immediately withdraw it?
What is "Last escrow analysis date"?
How do I account for a forced buyback (repurchase) of shares if I buy them back within 30 days?
Letting someone else pay in a check (made out to me) to their account?
True cost of a mortgage when considering inflation
In NYC is there sales tax on services like computer / cell phone repair?
Could my employer give me a raise in terms of employer 401k contributions instead of salary?
How do I find out the Earnings Per Share of a Coca Cola Co Share?
What to do with this cash- pay off ONE card, or pay down a few?
What are the real risks in "bio-technology" companies?
United Kingdom: Where to save money for a property deposit
Is it possible to negotiate getting a better credit card tier without the annual fee?
Why are contactless cards so heavily advertised?
With no pay stub, could employer be screwing us over?
How do you write a check with cents?
How much CMHC fee do I need to pay if I cannot put 20% down on a new home
Tax consequences of working for US company from India
Withrdraw funds that were converted from Traditional IRA to Roth IRA
What are the possible negative repurcussions of letting the IRS compute the taxes, as described in instructions for Form 1040A, Line 28?
Calculating a simply complicated return?
Buying a home-Make as large a downpayment as possible, or keep cash to invest
What to do with $50,000?
Can self-employed individuals deduct their mileage spent commuting to events?
How to troubleshoot identity verification issue when requesting credit report?
Freelance site with lowest commission fees?
What's the difference between "Index" and "Accumulation" tracker funds?
Do I need to pay tax if I earned 10 pounds interest from peer-to-peer investment?
Can an early withdrawal from a Traditional IRA be done in two parts?
Is there a rule that a merchant must identify themself when making a charge
Mortgage for a house on my own land doesn't make sense!
Does 1098-T need to be filed by student?
Starting with Stocks or Forex?
Minors and taxes?
Municipal Bond Fund tax risks?
I'm working in London and I'm earning in GBP how can I transfer the money to India what taxes would be incurred
Thrift Saving Plan (TSP) Share Price Charts
How to incorporate dividends while calculating annual return of a Stock
Form 4797 for listed property that never exceeded 50% business use
Income tax laibility in India for Stock traded in USA as a resident Indian
Canada: can an international student file tax return for past four years
When is there a difference between short- and long-term capital gains?
Dividend arbitrage using in the money puts
Why use accounting software like Quickbooks instead of Excel spreadsheets?
What margin is required to initiate and maintain a short sale
Is there a sell-side version of dollar-cost averaging?
When filing taxes in Canada, in what cases does box 39 on the T4 get reported as half of box 38?
What happen if I don't pay credit card and leave the country
Is there any reason not to put a 35% down payment on a car?
Received Stock options as UK Employee, however exercised the stock as a Canadian Employee. What is my tax liability?
Selling stock for mortgage downpayment
Mortgage vs. Loan?
How to withdraw money from currency account without having to lose so much to currency conversion?
What is the big deal about the chinese remnibi trading hub that opened in toronto
Deducting home costs if I work from home on the side?
Do tax preparers have to report findings of illegal activities to any IRS?
What type of best bank account to store your savings in?
Can I deposit money in Indian PPF account while living in US
Do i need to declare property in India when living in USA
How to report 1099 Misc income while working for a different employer
Is a pension considered part of an estate
Should I cash out my annuity and pay the surrender fee?
Can I freeze my credit file with no credit history?
Never filed my taxes for many years in British Columbia. What can I do?
Auto Loan just to improve already excellent credit
Payment default penalties on annuities
Passive vs. active investing past performance comparison/data?
Does the growth rate of SPY published by morningstar include the dividend yield
Do I need to pay tax in US for the provident fund and gratuity money that I received after quitting Indian IT company while I was deputed in US
Differing Credit Scores
401k plan employee rights?
Why deep in the money options have very low liquidity
What is a 10 Year Treasury Note and How Can it be Used to Calculate the Intrinsic Value of a Stock?
How do I compensate for an incorrect 1099-MISC?
Is Buying American Shares in Canada a Good Idea?
How difficult would it be to refinance a second mortgage?
Price/Time priority order matching - limit order starvation
What does a negative balance in a checking account mean?
What happens when a stock gets delisted?
Why do I have a negative profit?
Should I move out of my actively managed IRA at Fidelity and put it all in index funds?
As non-resident of NJ, should I mention all my earnings on NJ tax return?
Is there any emprical research done on 'adding to a loser'
Why use ROI if I can use effective compount interest?
How to deal with IRS response of no action to 83(b) election?
1 EIN doing business under multiple business names
As a J-1 visa holder, am I allowed to make additional income in the US?
How to build a U.S. credit history as a worker on a visa?
Higher returns from international markets?
What Percentage of my Income do I Have to Pay in Employment Insurance (EI) Deductions?
Why should I care about my current mortgage payment's breakdown into principal and interest?
Can I become a secondary lessee with no credit history?
A calculator that takes into account portfolio rebalancing?
What is the opposite of a sunk cost? A "sunk gain"?
How to hedge volatility decreases
Do I pay withholding tax on a US company trading on TSE
Index ETF or Index mutual fund - standard brokerage account
Including 401(k) contributions on Canadian tax return
Advice to decide on buying a newer model used car or old one
Buying a house 50/50
To whom should I report fraud on both of my credit cards?
Using stock options to lower income tax in the USA?
Do proceeds from a sale count as income for the decedent or the estate when agreement is prior to death and payment is after?
What's the difference between a company's after-tax profit and their sales/revenue?
Is there a catch in applying for a credit card with the first year free, then cancelling before paying for the 2nd year?
Using a brand name in a product which I will sell
Is income coming into saving account in India from Dubai taxable?
Direct Registration System vs Brokerage Firm
How to recover value from a term life insurance policy?
How to invest in drones?
Soft Loan using a 0% APR credit Card
Estimate a future option price given greeks and a 1$ move in underlying
Still invest in 401K with a high expense ratio?
Need to pay for urgent care that did nothing but send me to the ER?
Self-Employed Individual 401k Contribution Tax Questions
What is the difference between owning shares in a company, having a percentage in a company, and owning convertible debt
How is salary of an owner get determined in a small business?
How do I know if refinance is beneficial enough to me?
Is it usual for a tradesperson not to charge VAT?
How does a bank determine when to report you to Credit Bureaus when added as an Authorized User on a Credit Card?
Gift tax exemption amount on funds transferred to parents joint account from US to India
How does per-annum depreciation for taxes work after the first year of depreciation?
What is the Average Yield on High-Grade Corporate Bonds as of Now?
Taxable Website Ad Revenue
When an investor makes money on a short, who loses the money?
Why don't forced buy-ins of short sold stock happen much more frequently?
what is a mortgage gift exchange?
How much does the volatility change for a 1$ move in the underlying
Currency forecasts for ordinary people
Filling form 8889 Part I and form 1040 line 25
How is minimum payment calculated for this daily amortized loan?
Is there any possibility of doing an equity release deal on a property you don't (currently) own?
Can my federal adjusted gross income differ by $1 between my federal and state returns?
How Is the Price of a Stock Determined?
Differences in taxes paid for W2 employee vs. 1099 contractor working on sites like ODesk.com?
What is the source of income for a hedged portfolio
When do I need to return short stock to the lender
In the US as an F-1 student, filed the wrong form last year
How to systematically find sideways stocks?
What prevents interest rates from rising?
Advantages of paying more of your mortgage while you know you won't continue to live there your whole life
do I need to close my existing ISA if I plan to open a "Help to buy ISA" in the Autumn?
How much tax credit I get for monthly metropass in toronto
Effect of a mistaken limit order on market price
Claim rental expenses as a tax credit
Why can't 401(k) statements be delivered electronically?
Should I Buy a House or Wait
Optimal balence of 401K and charitable savings
How are market orders matched?
Always invest in a bond ETF with at least inflation protection?
For an ETF, do different methods of weighting securities improve returns?
'When the rising rate cycle gives way to a decline in borrowing costs, bond funds will ...'?
'longer-term/lower-coupon bonds' vs 'shorter-term/higher-coupon bonds'
How to calculate P/E ratio for S&P500 sectors
Buying out my leased car... residual price negotiable?
What to do of a reward card after it is empty?
How does credit card's online authentication work?
What is the most common and profitable investment for a good retirement in Australia?
What does the -V indicate on MKC ticker
How do I manage my portfolio as stock evaluation criteria evolve?
Did you maintain living quarters in New York?
Reporting a tax refund from a previous year as income
How do I charge GST & QST for my freelancing?
Would you liquidate your 401k to pay off debt in this situation?
How can I recover an abandoned US bank account?
NRI in US, how to receive money from India to US
Who is a "Business Apprentice" in the context of India-USA tax treaty?
What is intrinsic value of stocks with diluted voting power?
file ITR for fixed deposit
Why do deep in the money options trade below their intrinsic value?
Can I submit a hospital bill for reimbursement from my FSA if I am on a 12mo payment plan?
Can I exercise my put if a company goes bankrupt?
How does TFSA contribution room carryover work, e.g. unused amounts and withdrawals?
I own ASPIRO shares (Jay Z's new company). Now that it is going private, what about my shares?
Do employer matching contributions in an RRSP count towards the contribution room?
Where to park money from the sale of a rental property?
What is an "RRSP deduction limit" for?
Should I use futures or options to hedge my long SPY position?
How to hedge a long stock position that does not have options
Part III of Form 8889 (2014)
Do algorithmic traders make money from short-term or long-term gains?
How can I file this year's tax return if I haven't got the refund from last year's return?
For how many years after I file my tax do I need to retain my documents
Historical Stock Price Quote on delisted stock without knowing stock symbol as of quote date
How can retail stock and options traders find trades with a clear defined positive edge
How does a stock price chart compare to a performance chart?
Is there a way to make the mortgage interest or deduction apply towards next year's tax?
Apartment lease renewal - is this rate increase normal?
Is it true that if I work 6 months per year, it is better than to work for 1 calendar year and take a break for 1 year?
Question about using a VISA card to withdraw money from PayPal balance
Are 401K loan repayments considered tax deductible?
Is it ok to go to mortgage underwriting with two different lenders at the same time?
How to book past year's transaction, performed in the current year?
Should I contribute to my 401k with a high expense ratio and no matching?
Clarifications On PFIC Rules
Is "affordable housing" being added across the street from my condo likely to decrease my condo's value?
Employer is 1099ing me for RENT for live-on-site work
Is an ITM option bought/sold to close in addition to being assigned?
US Taxes: Married Filing Separately vs Single Filing for NonResident Aliens
Can my non-US-resident LLC partner file a 1040NR-EZ?
Options to remove PMI payment from mortgage
S-Corp Distributions Estimated Tax Payments and Tax Brackets
How exactly do I determine my savings rate?
Filing as Dual Status or Non-Resident if entered and exited the US in the same year
Can a new US resident safely open a bank account as a non-resident?
How do I enter my HSA in Turbo Tax Online?
Building financial independence
Buying car for cash or loan?
Bank won't allow son to deposit a VA check payable to his mother into an account that he is on with her without her endorsement
Can compensation income from an employee stock purchase plan be negative?
What are the downsides to refinancing student loans?
Is it normal to pay 100% of the premium on a long-term disability policy from my employer?
Rate used for approval on a 5/5 ARM?
Personal loans and their tax consequences?
Transferring money from Indian NRE account to UK
1099-misc and self-employment tax while a resident alien?
Travelling abroad: is EUR or USD card better?
Are short term disability payments taxed?
Please help - Complex F1 visa OPT tax question with 5 years presence, exempt FICA
valuing options
Is interest from US Savings Bonds subject to nonresident alien tax withholding?
Can the Philadelphia Center City District Tax be deducted on my Schedule-A?
Is my contribution to my company pension plan (not RRSP) considered tax deductible?
Will my father still be eligible for SNAP if I claim him as my dependent?
What to invest in with low capital?
How are bonuses taxed? Why is withheld amount not same as final amount?
Do overall 401(k) contribution limits sum across employers?
What happens if futures contract seller defaults?
Handling rounding errors when picking cost basis
Should I choose not pay the fee for not having healthcare coverage in 2014
Can the Home buyer's Plan (HBP) RRSP repayment start from the same year in which the loan is taken?
Can I cancel auto insurance for the car at home while travelling abroad?
What is Bearish Bar Reversal?
Can I put what I earn from the sale of my house in the bank?
What strike to choose if I want to sell weekly calls against a long LEAP put
Considerations for switching accountants?
Formation of S-Corp for Gambling Trade
How do I get my Loaned money back to US
Should I request a car loan before or after changing jobs?
Employer Matching Contributions
Square reported my credit card transactions as personal income?
Changing jobs but ended up in same city after moving away for a month. Can I deduct both ways?
Income tax filing for F-1 OPT student non-resident in California
Where can I get a list of all Stocks that were acquired or went bankrupt
Should I file an amended return as I wrongly filed Form 1040 instead of Form 1040 NR?
My medical bill went to a collection agency. Can I pay it directly to the hospital?
Spousal RRSP account
How to bump up my credit for buying a house in a year (open another card or not)
Am I qualified for a moving expenses tax return
Will dipping in to savings affect mortgage possibillities?
Should I withdraw money from IRA or refinance home to pay credit card debt?
83b election - did not submit tax return for the taxable year of the election
Resident Alien after substantial presence test, and employer did not deduct FICA for that year. What to do?
Opinions on Retirement Planning
Should I pay off a student loan before getting a mortgage, given I have a large deposit?
What is the full formula for calculating a FICO 9 credit score?
Claiming apartment rent as unreimbursed employee expense
Are there option strategies that exploit mergers and acquisitions events?
Am I calculating depreciation correctly?
Buy and sell stock at specific earnings
How can banks pay interest on money they borrow from the FED?
Does the CRA charge any penalty if you file a wrong tax return?
How is someone tax exempt at Walmart in Canada?
Is there a way to buy raw oil today and sell it in 1 year time?
How does a person with a large equity in a company hedge his risk
Is there any minimum monthly payment required towards the margin amount borrowed from your broker?
The 25 times annual expenses rule and leaving no estate
Value of personal house turned rental
Buying Euros in a Canadian Trading Account
How to consider the effect of margin call risk in a gamma scalping strategy
Is this the right tax statement for Roth IRA back conversion?
Maximize my 401K and IRA, or save more for home downpayment?
Do I owe taxes if my deductions are higher than my income?
What is the difference between issuing company and holding company in a convertible bond
Moving to a state where my employer has no business set up - implications?
Advice on strategy for when to sell
How to report nominee dividend income claimed by another?
What can I claim when there is a loss in the business?
Multi-year delayed 401k payout check cash, which was originally a rollover into a new plan
Student loan payments and opportunity costs
What is Fibonacci values?
Do I need to pay state tax if I lived in a state for less than a week?
How do I record monetary advances and money spent thereof in personal accounting?
Good habits pertaining to personal finance for someone just getting started?
Why does the Fidelity Canadian Bond Fund have such a high beta? How is it measured?
Is a previous year Roth IRA contribution possible since I have to resubmit the previous years taxes?
Underpaid federal tax by $5K in 2014 when claiming 0 with very "standard situation" (married filing jointly). Why?
UK - Borrowing house deposit from parents
Is buying puts on a ten-year treasury ETF a good way to hedge mortgage rates?
Guidelines for scaling into an options position
What is vested stock and yearly dividends?
What are the benefits of post-tax transit payroll deductions?
Cosigner death and family responsibility
Borrowing from my brother for the downpayment of house?
How to amend an amended return?
Capital Gains Tax for State of Iowa: No distinction between short-term vs long-term gains?
How to withdraw money from an account with only an account number?
Does Form 4868 (for a tax extension) need to be postmarked or received by April 15?
Credit increase hurt loan chances?
How to calculate S corporation distribution from past K-1s?
What is the 'opportunity cost' for delaying charitable donations, and when to grant them?
Is APR the same as Interest Per Annum?
What are the pros and cons of buying a house just to rent it out?
Time to receive foreign dividends (SET) to N. America
How does a lender compute equity requirement for PMI?
Is there a US credit union for foreign people?
How to fill out W4 correctly when I have two jobs?
Navient Student Loans
Saving for a non-necessity
Is renting out a house still a lot of trouble if you rent through a real estate agency?
State income taxes
Tax brackets in the US
Who can I consult about paying off my student loan?
Thoughts on a condo vs apartment
Freelancer - taxes in India when working for a Spanish company
historical data for analysing pensions
Recurring deposit in US banks
What are the tax implications on selling my second home?
How to adjust additional cost from wash sale transaction on form 8949
Does a 401k contribution help you contribute to a Roth IRA?
Can stock market gains be better protected under an LLC arrangement?
H1B first time file tax
Tax payment has not appeared in bank account ~20 days after filing electronically with TurboTax. What to do?
Just getting started and not sure where to go from here
Choose online stock trading companies
calculation of real inflation rate in india?
Why am I not entitled to keep the money given to me by the Government in error?
check deposit question
Fundamentals of creating a diversified portfolio based on numbers?
Is it possible to be considered a dual status alien even with if you meet substantial presence test?
Where do I deduct convention registration expenses?
How do you Record Revenue from ads?
does one have to keep stock until the dividend payment date to get the dividend? (Record Date vs Payment Date)
Suitable Vanguard funds for a short-term goal (1-2 years)
How much should be our expense and savings ratio?
Can you recharacterize an original Roth IRA to a traditional IRA?
Tax exempt non-retirement investment
Calculating pay off for credit card with multiple APRs
How does a CFD work behind the scenes?
Should I claim my rental property was not rented at fair rental value?
American trade Hong Kong financial markets (specifically index options)
What are the guidelines for a loan between private parties?
Depositing an insurance check made out to a foreign ltd into a personal US account
Contribute Federal and State withholdings to company 401k instead?
Indian won a contest in US. I got 1042-S claiming 30% tax. How to file?
Home Equity Line of credit features and overview
Can you dispute a negative credit reporting?
How to find a suitable investment product for my ISA?
Must I wait to resubmit my return on Free File Fillable Forms?
Treasury Direct requires Medallion for verification, how can I get my bank to do it?
Does a 401(k) contribution harm your Debt-to-Income ratio for a mortgage application?
Low-interest 30yr mortgage - can the bank pull a fast-one?
How can someone claim themselves as a dependent?
What portion of my salary will be taxed during my internship in Washington state?
Can I deduct state and local taxes on a 1040A form?
IRS (USA) Form 843 - How much time you have to file?
Can return fees be reimbursed from an HSA?
How does my higher rate tax on savings interest get paid. **UK, pre-2016**
How the money can be destroyed when some country or corporation defaults
Chances of losing money in a foreign bank account
How long took a person to get the break even investing since 2000 in MSCI WORLD INDEX?
How to Calculate Annual Return of A Fund When Contribution is Irregular?
Is it possible for state and federal taxes to already have been removed on a 1099-MISC?
How can I affect implied volatility of an option?
Can capital expenses for volunteer purposes be deducted from income?
Deferring mortgage interest expense to next year when filing taxes?
Which state gets taxes on money paid for previous year's work?
College job: local credit union or existing Navy Federal?
How to list child care for taxes when not married and splitting the costs?
Does Technical Analysis work or is it just a pointless attempt to "time the market"?
Average cost basis based on total shares held or specific shares sold?
What is the minimum information someone would need to know about me to wire money out of my brokerage account?
How do management fees affect the money invested in a mutual fund
How to save money for future expenses
Which IRS address to choose for federal tax return?
merging transactions in 8949
Treatment of web domain ownership & reselling for tax purposes: Capital asset, or not?
New car vs used: how to compare value?
What are pros and cons of volatility trading over directional stock trading
Does the common advice about diversification still hold in times of distress
Sell Stock using Limit
How should I be taxed on my returns on investment in capital?
Mortgage or not?
Deal with stock PSEC
How to correctly adjust cost basis 8949 for Employer stock starting from 2014
If I get a bill (e.g. for internet service), is that a debt I owe? If no, what are the practical difference between a bill and a debt?
Received check and 1099-MISC in different years
Why do US retirement funds typically have way more US assets than international assets?
General Partnership, 1065 an K1
Do contractors need to attach form 1099-MISC to their income tax return?
How to report a 1099-MISC in a Qualified Joint Venture
Can I remove additions from a forclosed home?
What is the best way to invest in US stocks from India?
How does a portfolio of long stocks and short futures generate profits
Why isn't index fund investing (Bogleheads school) more commonplace?
Pay down mortgage or low interest student loans
What is the SEPA optional category?
Stock Closing Price Manipulation
Subsequent purchase greater than dividend payout
What do US banks look for while processing a check
Best precious stone from an ROI standpoint?
Taxes for a UK citizen interning in the US for 3 months
How can a Canadian get exposure to safe haven currencies?
Are there any tax advantages to having a company car over a car allowance?
Pensions, annuities, and "retirement"
Is it illegal to sublet apartment to someone not on lease? Penalties?
401K or Indian CD
Buying a condo to attend schools in another district
Former Employer direct deposited a payroll check in error
Should I/Can I consolidate multiple company pensions?
Is chargeback possible with Paypal transactions, if no receipt of products/services?
Do "growth of $10k" charts for mutual funds account for fees? I've found conflicting information
How do I see all outgoings in one Gnucash report?
Do I owe a finders fee to my tenant's broker if they didn't bring me the referral?
Other ETFs of world bonds and stocks (Alternatives to VT and BND)?
Can I use losses from sale of stock to offset capital gains from sale of property
Indian Demat account
Wouldn't it be better if reinvested dividends were simply treatable as capital gains for tax purposes?
Can subsidized and unsubsidized Stafford loans be repaid independently of each other?
Loan Repayment and Salary Decisions
When filing a US 1065 as a General Partnership, do we combine our expenditures for a home office?
Soft Inquiry vs Hard Inquiry
What does "interest rates", without any further context, generically refer to?
What duration bonds are held by the ETF XBB
How can a Canadian establish US credit score
How to report Canadian T4 slip items (e.g. CPP, EI) on a U.S. tax return?
Why do mutual fund trading limitations exist? e.g. 90 day transfer limits?
Does the IRS penalize for overpaying and underpaying state income tax?
Best places to invest money for fixed monthly return
T4A Slip received by student. What is it?
Family Budget: How to avoid double counting spending pulled from short term savings?
Are Target Funds Unsafe - Post Q.E.?
How much should I charge a U.S. company for IT work I'll do remotely from Canada?
Maternity payments taxable income?
Can a dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) and share purchase plan (SPP) be used with a TFSA?
How to correctly deduct purchase of a laptop dedicated to my consulting work?
Investing in income stocks for dividends - worth it?
Credit Limit Increase without asking = credit inquiry?
Can I put IRA $10K withdrawal back into account within 120 days?
Why buy SPY when there is S&P500?
Start Investing - France
Investing in commodities, pros and cons?
Get a loan, and then repay that loan with the loan itself
Indian mutual funds with tax benefits
Tax implications of dad paying cash for my home, and me paying him back?
Ray Dalio - All Weather Portfolio
Strategies for paying off my Student loans
What is the most convenient way I can accept money transfer online?
What do Earnings Per Share tell potential shareholders?
Why stock in nasdaq below 1 dollar still exists?
Should I pay for lousy tax preparation service?
How to account for shares in a double entry accounting system
Historical Stock Prices of delisted company
Laid off what happens to FSA money?
GnuCash, how do I book loan from credit card, being paid back with salary?
Should I pay off a 0% car loan?
Sensitivity Table for IRR Using Purchase Price & Total Synergies
How May Cash be Spent Approaching Bankruptcy?
Is there any reason to NOT pay the minimum on all but one of our loans?
Moving Average Calculation In Minutes
What happens if stock purchased on margin plummets below what I have in the brokerage?
Historical dividends for all markets and shares?
Pitfalls of a Home Equity Loan
Why is day trading considered riskier than long-term trading?
How can one short German bonds?
Double entry accounting: as an employee, how do I enter expenses in foreign currency?
Why would a bank refuse to open a bank account?
What payment options are there besides checks and direct deposit?
How to get back the money that you lent someone?
When does it make sense to early exercise a deep in the money put option
Can my mortgage company force me to buy condo hazard insurance?
Why are Rausch Coleman houses so cheap? Is it because they don't have gas?
Questions regarding taxation for Indians living in U.S.( citizens of U.S.)
Is it possible to use a 529 plan solely for myself, without any educational expenses?
Tax implication of loan from Korea to US
If I forfeited my entire dependent care FSA, can I claim dependent care credit?
How long should a mortgage take to appear on my credit report?
How is a long call and short stock portfolio equivalent to lending money
What is the calculation of net asset value of my brokerage account
Should I seek loan forgiveness, or paying off my loan quicker?
Do I need to calculate my cost basis for S corporation stock and distributions I've received to determine tax owed on K-1?
How do I get myself out this disastrous situation
Advantage of Traditional 401k over Roth
Can my contribution to 529 plan vary monthly?
Maintenance costs for home geothermal heating & cooling / ground source heat pump systems?
What does it mean to "settle" a short interest trade?
How do I correct an HSA distribution when I was refunded by a health provider?
Is there a kind of financial advisor for stock investors? How to find a good one?
Undo IRA conversion to an existing Roth IRA?
Can I deduct retirement plan contributions from my self-employment income?
Can a custodian refuse prior-year IRA/HSA deposit postmarked April 15?
Setting up a LLC for two partners in different states, what should we look into?
Basic bookkeeping account entries for a house purchase and mortgage?
Am I considered in debt if I pay a mortgage?
Can large long-term capital gains be offset by not being employed?
Can I enroll in an FSA if my employer doesn't offer it?
How does a tuition insurance payment affect 529 withdrawals?
How to buy a house without being over-exposed to real estate
Could somebody explain Wikipedia's VAT example calculation to me?
Proof of identity to an oversea bank
Are there any caveats to withdrawing funds from brokerage?
401k contributions explanation
Can I write off time spent learning my trade - Two-Man S-Corp
Is is possible to add additional payment methods in QuickBooks Pro 2015?
How to Buy "Exotic" Bonds as a Low Net Worth Individual?
Market Cap lower than Shares Outstanding x Share Price?
How are stocks in an IPO allocated to investors
Do we pay interest rates when holding a bond?
Why do stocks go up? Is it due to companies performing well, or what else?
Owned house for less than 2 years - 1031 exchange?
should the Market Capitalization be equal to the Equity of the firm
In 2015, why has the price of natural gas been plummeting?
Inheriting funds from a U.S. trust where you are not the trustee
Why are checks preferred to wire transfers in the US?
I'm contracting from London for a company based in Paris, and they require Proof of Residence for my Ltd Company. Where can I get this?
At what point do recurring small business losses become a problem with Canada Revenue Agency?
Downside to large deposit instead of insurance policy?
Capital gains when selling in the US and buying in another country
Does a bond etf drop by the amount of the dividend just like an equity etf
Payslips for assistant in the UK
Can I preemptively pay my credit card bill before a charge is posted?
Is forward P/E calculated using current price(if yes, how useful is it)?
What purchases, not counting real estate, will help me increase my cash flow?
Investing money 101
How to recover an inherited dormant account without paying a significant commission?
Can I reset my cost basis to avoid capital gains taxes on a stock, using a capital loss
Day trading in USA from Australia
Is there any law prohibiting the use of a home made check?
how do you verify your household budget?
What Did Benjamin Graham Mean by Earnings Stability in The Intelligent Investor?
Credit Card Security: First six + last four digits
What taxes do new subcontractors pay?
estimated taxes and late penalties on highly "bursty" side income
Is there any instrument with real-estate-like returns?
If I earned money in both New Zealand and in Australia, do I need to file a tax return in both countries?
Can I back out of a house purchase after the inspection if the offer stipulates "as is"?
Should I sell my apartment for 112% of buying cost or rent it out for 8% annually?
Does it make sense to add short positions to a diversified portfolio?
What is the best way to pay my American rent from Canada?
Tax implications of transferring money to New Zealand from USA?
How is "tax-free inside buildup" defined?
Do health insurance premiums go up as you age?
What evidence or research suggests that mid- or small-capitalization stocks should perform better than large caps?
Knob and Tube Just Discovered in House I'm Selling "As Is" - What to Do?
Income and taxes with subcontracting?
Are there any implications if I do not report an Indian bank account during U.S. tax filling?
Loan to buy a real estate in Germany
Retirement - Annuity or not?
I am thinking of buying a property to split into 2. How do I determine the costs basis on the existing house?
How can a retail trader work on improving his trade execution
Can a person who has Medicaid buy a discounted dental insurance plan?
How will the net assets of a bankrupt company be divided among the common share holders
Do the rewards of custom contract size in OTC derivatives justify the counterparty risk?
Ignored debt collection agency over false claim, now its on my credit report. What do I do?
Foreign earned income exclusion / foreign tax credit when present in US
Is my mutual fund strategy to rebalance to fixed portions of cash, equity, & bonds a good one?
How to decide for 401(k): Make Roth post-tax contributions, or traditional pre-tax contributions?
Simplified version of double-entry bookkeeping for personal and business finance?
Should I put a small amount of savings in a high interest savings account?
Credit Card balance
Why don't commodity ETFs pay dividends?
Take out a loan vs. sell bond investments
With all the different asset allocations out there, why is rebalancing important?
Is permanent life insurance necessary in retirement?
Reaching Credit Limit
Tax consequences (future or present) of giving up US citizenship
What's an economic explanation for why greeting cards are so expensive?
Credit card and address?
Buying car from rental business without title
How is ATR multiple calculated in Trend "Turtle" Trading?
Unable to get a mortgage with partner, can we still share the house? (UK)
Invest as dollars in India
Can the legal owner of a vehicle cancel a change of keeper request?
Do I need to earn a specific amount before I can reclaim VAT as a company in the UK?
Self employed, putting away tax money
How does India tax foreign stipends?
Health Savings Account Distribution Maximums
Is a car loan bad debt?
Should a retail trader bother about reading SEC filings
Relative Strength Index: Yahoo vs Google Finance
Does it make sense for me to start a 529 college plan for my kids
How can you find out what life insurance a deceased person had?
When a real-estate counter offer is made, and ignored, can the seller still accept the original offer?
How does a dividend announcement affect a option straddle position
Should I pay off my 6% student loan using the income that I would normally put into my two IRAs?
Must I pay a credit card balance after receipt of the statement, or can I pay as I go?
Technical Analysis not working
Income tax loss credit after depreciation on negatively geared property
Social Security contribution of a J1 visa holder leaving U.S. permanently?
Lower-cost index funds vs. managed (higher-cost) tax-advantaged IRAs?
Does longterm investment in index funds still make sense in a reality of massive algotrading?
Is it possible to split taxation of funds earned from a crowdfunding campaign over multiple years?
Is there no overlap of ticker symbol even if old company was unlisted or bankrupt?
what % of intl should be in China equity mutual funds right now?
Can someone please help me understand Foreign Exchange Rates?
Can I use prepaid cards to minimize damage of credit fraud
Investment partition for German student
Are there tax-advantaged plans/accounts in Europe without age restriction?
Why is there a tax bracket less than $2000 wide with 35% marginal tax rate in the U.S.?
Advice for someone who is a Primary Care Giver
How much total salary to allocate to defer $17,500 to 401(k)?
Sending money to Russia for family back home
Building a new primary residence before selling the current one
Balance sheets & bad debt accounts
Would I qualify for the 2/5 year exclusion if I've only owned the property for 2 years?
What is approximate tax deduction for this scenario?
How can I invest in USA mutual funds from Australia?
Use of free and clear houses as Collateral
Does it count as a benefit in kind if I'm purchasing benefits with my salary?
As a minor in the UK do I need to pay taxes on self-employment income, and if so how?
Accounting for reimbursements that exceed actual expenses
How to calculate how much a large stock position is really worth?
How do I calculate ownership percentage for shared home ownership?
Investments minimally affected by Federal Reserve rate increases?
What fraction of a portfolio should P2P lending comprise?
Is there an advantage to keeping a liquid emergency fund if one also has an untapped line of credit?
Stock trading after a crash
Cash Out IRA to Pay Off Debt
How to realize capital gains before going from non-resident alien to resident alien in USA
4 months into a 30 month car loan, need new engine, can't sell any body parts
Selling a home in the UK to buy a home in the US
Where to see SEC filings for companies that only trade on TSX
Why would a company like Apple be buying back its own shares?
How does the importance of a cash emergency fund change when you live in a country with nationalized healthcare?
How does the futures market affect the stock market?
Can I claim a capital loss on personal real estate after 5 years?
Transfer money from a real estate sale in India to the US
Is 401k considered a retirement plan offered by an employer?
Estimated tax for capital gains on large, one-time sale of index mutual fund to fund home purchase
Roth 401(k) pre-mature withdrawal: Is company match subject to tax/penalty?
Can you change auto-enrollment pension provider? And what happens if you change jobs?
Is it illegal to buy stocks at a low price during a flash crash using a low GTC order?
What is the point of owning a stock without dividends if it cannot be resold?
What does "compression of spreads on high-yield debt" mean?
Unable to pay even the minimum payment on credit card
Automatically taking money from my Credit card monthly
Capital gains tax: Retirement vehicle (IRA, 401k) vs. anything else?
Do I need to amend my tax return and change withholding rates?
Pros/cons of borrowing money using a mortgage loan and investing it in a low-fee index fund?
What is the effect of dividends on the futures price of an index
How can I find out the credit rating of a company
What is the optimum way to draw money from your retirement nest egg
Do longer term bondholders get preference in getting money back when a company defaults?
Can I buy a bond at par if I buy it at the time of issuance directly from the issuer
What is the economically rational way to fund leasehold property management?
Legal way to give money to friend in USA and take equivalent amount in India
Why is a 2-year bond not a good store of nominal value?
How to exchange foreign non-US currencies cleverly, in Canada?
Oversimplify it for me: the correct order of investing
FBAR: Is it better to tick "Maximum account value unknown" or make a rough estimate?
Can't pay with PayPal balance, only shows credit card to pay with
I left my job 2 years ago in 2013 and I am joining a new company now in 2015 . Can I still have my old EPF account transferred to the present one?
When paying estimated quarterly taxes, can I prorate the amount based on the irregular payment due dates?
Using simple moving average in Equity
If I buy goods for a friend, and then he pays me cash and i deposit it. Will I get in trouble?
Book Value vs Market Value of PWT.TO
What are the down sides of maxing out the 401k?
Withdrawing money abroad
what happens if you win a car and then sell it?
How to shop for mortgage rates ?
New to stock market, need some help understanding 'Stock Last Price v Ask Price'?
Is it possible to split a bought price made with a credit card into some monthly payments?
Does Maxing my Roth IRA Early in the Year Provide More in the Long Run?
Minors financial rights in the US
The hotel manager took a photo copy of my debit card. Do I have a reason to be worried?
In a retirement account, is there any reason to purchase deferred annuities now instead of near retirement?
Do the credit bureaus have 14 or 30 days mortgage rate shopping window ?
How can I track down physical gold bought by my grandpa, but held by the bank?
Structure of Final Bond Payment
Sending funds to someone with no bank account
Is it legal for Shutterfly to expire their Prepaid Plan in CA, USA
Investments as an NRI
Capital gains tax applicability if buying a House abroad
Do IBANs have error correction built in?
How will my stock purchase affect my taxes?
Inspection Contigency - Form 35 (NWMLS)
What is the maximum number of options I can buy if the price is $0.01?
What happens to personal data I disclose for joining an employee stock plan?
When do you pay the annual fee for a credit card?
How does Pell Grant work for students with a foreign Bachelor's?
Buying shares in employer's company during IPO
Offsetting the tax on vested RSUs with short term capital loss
How to represent mortgage overpayments in household budget
My business partner is unable to work; What should I do?
I am not VAT registered. Do I need to buy from my supplier with excl VAT prices or incl VAT?
Home Ownership Entitlement
What should I use as the cost basis for stock that was purchased before becoming a US resident?
My dad wants to transfer money from India to US as a family maintanance
How does cosigning for a home equity line of credit affect your chances of getting your own loan?
Is interest on a personal loan tax deductible?
What is the meaning of "Closed Short" ,“Opened Long” ,"Scaled Out" and "Scaled In"?
1040NR question - 0% treaty rate NEC income
UK citizen going to freelance overseas - what type of specialist should I talk to for tax/registration advice?
Dry cleaners lost $160 pants, what should I do?
How is monthly wage tax calculated in The Netherlands?
Income tax paid in India as well as in U.S. Anyways to claim double taxation?
W-4 Allowances/Exemptions, how many am I entitled to?
What is the formula for calculating the amount of money I end up with in a given period (salary and compounding effect)?
What are the tax consequences of ISO exercising with an 83B election after the stocks FMV has gone up?
How to track expenses from an account in gnucash?
Another 1040NR question - how to interpret "number of months claimed in prior tax years"?
Why would anyone want to pay off their debts in a way other than "highest interest" first?
Financial loan/pension jiggery pokery?
How do I permanently opt out of having a credit history?
Do I need to do anything after receiving a Form 5498?
Why does it seem unnecessary to fully save for irregular periodic expenses?
How to deal with IRA excess contribution without withdrawal, penalties, and fees?
Do equity options trade outside regular hours, similar to after hours trading for some stocks?
How can a company charge a closed credit card?
Is there a limit to how often you can convert a Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA within a given time period?
Are year-end balances all that matter when it comes to Roth IRA conversions?
What argument(s) support the claim that long-term housing prices trend upward?
"Correct" answer on Visa credit quiz doesn't make sense
What is the meaning of "advice confirms" in a bank statement?
Are HMRC (UK tax inspectors) required to give specific notice of late filing penalties?
Freelance trading of products in India
Will I be chased for debt if I move out of the UK?
GnuCash: How to sum "search result" entries?
correct usage of "R" field, esp. with respect to credit card account type
What are my options to make my money work for me?
Where can I find the source of this shareholder-detail-table image?
Interest on self assessment tax
How can I find scholarships for college in my area?
Paying Credit Card statement amount in full on due date and using it in the same day
What does “separate accounts” mean when rolling over into a 457(b)?
Implications of a Canadian company IPO having a dual TSX/NYSE stock listing?
Can I use FSA funds to pay for expenses outside of insurance start period?
A stock just dropped 8% in minutes and now all of a sudden the only way to buy is on the ask, what does this mean?
What is payment against invoice?
FD and liquidation of cooperative Bank (patsanstha) in India
Wire transfer from India to US
3% Equity options in software company, entitles me to revenue share?
Is tuition reimbursement considered taxable, earned income?
Achieving ideal credit card utilization above 0%
Credit rating in Germany
LTV of sales price or appraisal cost
Is the Social Security retirement benefit calculation based on the last 40 quarters, or overall?
Moving in together while both of us own an apartment
How can I simplify my interactions with my online brokerage for buy, selling, and rebalancing mutual funds?
Wife wants to buy me out of our house - how to do this?
My company handed me a letter today telling me I owe them money because they overpaid me. What can I do about it?
Is the Amazon credit card reported to the credit agencies?
share repurchases
Can I negotiate a 0% transaction fee with my credit card company?
Compound Interest Calculation
How can there be two stock tickers for one company?
New Exchange Bid Ask and Price values
Does implied volatility always rise as earnings announcements approach?
How do I determine how much I can afford for a car?
Is there a way to claim a car purchase in the tax return?
Can I cash out my 401k every year (company match > withdrawal penalty)?
A stop order won't be automatically fired in after-hours trading?
How much is my position worth after 5-1 stock split?
Does an online business selling across the USA would need to file for foreign qualification in each state?
Is my wife eligible for an HSA?
Why shouldn't I consider a 401k loan to myself within my bond allocation?
What do I do with my extra money in grad school?
New 401(k) account, barely funded: can I withdraw penalty-free?
What to consider when taking out a student loan from a bank?
Can I get charged with theft for taking my car if my boyfriend signs the title?
What Capital Gains are owed for a Non-resident owning stock in US C corporation when it is acquired?
With the Fringe Benefits Tax, should I even salary sacrifice for a car?
LLC: Where should the funds for initial startup costs come from?
Is the UK 'Cycle to Work' scheme worthwhile?
How should we organize our finances to effectively plan and prepare for an retirement in next 10 years?
How to change state residence for tax purposes as a "digital nomad"
Are a bond's yield and interest rate the same thing?
Division of Proceeds from sale of house
Supplemental Insurance for Martial Arts Students
Does 83(b) cause a tax liability when exchanging startup stock for public stock?
Should I convert from IRA to a Roth IRA based on an online calculator?
Is it possible to improve stock purchase with limit orders accounting for volatility?
How do I get my name out of a bank car loan?
Inherited deferred comp by minors - tax advantageous approach
Roth IRA: Vanguard vs Free Advisor's Mutual Fund
Pros and cons of different methods to transfer money from India to the U.S.?
Citizens Bank: What counts as a 'qualified online bill payment'?
"Notification from Department for Work and Pensions" in tax rebate claim - UK
What to look for when evaluating a mortgage lender?
What are the tax implications of earnings from the stock market (BSE)?
Choice between 2 false options in UK Tax rebate form
Transfer money in my US account to brother's Non Resident External (NRE) Account in India
Is this comparison of a 15-year vs. a 30-year mortgage reasonable?
What are the running costs of owning a car, aside from fuel?
Definition of "business" for the purposes of the IRS Foreign Earned Income Exclusion (2555)
Foreigner wishes to open a US bank account
Depositing the same check after it's returned
If I make a loss in trading stocks, can I state it as a loss of investment in the tax refunds?
Calculating the present day value of a future amount?
Are there special endorsement requirements for US Government checks to two parties?
Bid-ask spread in order-driven stock market
What factors to consider for deciding between forming an LLC vs taking insurance on rental properties
Effective Interest Rate Interpretation
Is there a Limit Order to buy long if the price RISES (not falls) to a specific value?
Are there any credit cards with a statement period longer than 1 month?
Can my US company buy my foreign company for $1 USD?
If a check was made out to my name instead of my business name, is there some way I can still deposit it into my business account?
losing 10% return need gain off 11.11% to original capital: What is the theory called
What is the best, low risk investment I can make now?
How are the shares rounded off when companies merge?
How does the U.S. wash sale replacement stock rule work?
Do I need to file reports when transferring money to US?
California LLC statement of information filing (LLC-12R)
Can I earn more on my cash savings and still keep it liquid and low risk?
How useful is the PEG Ratio for large cap stocks?
Is there software to buy and sell stocks in real time on very small moves in price?
Can I use balance transfer to buy car?
Is the interest on EE series US Savings Bonds accrual dates prorated If I cash in just before an accrual date?
Does anyone offer no interest loans?
Are there any e-commerce taxation rules in India?
Is Insurance policy money received taxable?
Should I use my credit or debit card when purchasing groceries?
Are Roth 401(k) after-tax contributions at a disadvantage for maximizing employer match money?
What happened if a merchant capture the fund without delivering the ordered product/service?
Should I open a credit card when I turn 18 just to start a credit score?
Should I convert some of my money into US dollars now when the rate is low?
Raising Funds: What happens when you issue new shares by adding authorized capital?
How do I gracefully transition from a standard medical plan to an HDHP with a non-calendar plan year and multiple FSAs?
Is it better to pay off a loan with a higher interest rate or one with a much higher principal balance?
Long history of credit vs. many open accounts -- where's the line?
How can certain credit card payment patterns affect my credit score?
International wire transfer without SWIFT code
Why is Google's current nasdaq market cap almost twice the current share price * the No. of shares outstanding?
As a student, should I get a credit card from India to the US, or apply for a credit card in the US?
Must tangible assets be depreciated or can I take a one-time expense?
Is there an ETF or Mutual Fund which tracks James O'Shaugnessy's Trending 25 stock strategy?
Indian tourist needs money in Atlanta
If I'm eligible to max a Roth IRA, Do I ever considering putting money in both IRA types instead?
What is the difference between equity and assets?
What kind of taxes should I expect from a business loan interest?
What do the points in a stock market index epresent?
Transfer of stock of non-public company after vesting
Property Trust - who or what is the Owner?
Transferring balance to a debit card
Does CAPEX include intangible assets?
Dependent care FSA: Paying a grandparent for providing childcare?
A credit report is a soft inquiry. Is a "credit score report" a hard inquiry?
Can my HOA get its own credit card (or something equivalent)?
What does it mean to invest in potatoes?
IRA vs Roth IRA for tax free gift
Transfer money from U.S.-based NRI friend to my savings account in India?
How should I handle the maturation of my savings bonds?
College student lacking investment experience: How to begin investing money?
Cost comparison of cities
Should I use my non-tax advantaged investment account to pay off debt?
Options for HSA with no high deductible plan
Is there an academic framework for deciding when to sell in-the-money call options?
Is this Employee Stock Purchase Plan worth it when adding my student loan into the equation?
How does Fidelity make money off me?
Do individual retirement account balances matter for a married couple?
Do capital gains get factored into AGI?
FHA loan just commenced : Any way to get any of the up-front mortgage insurance back?
Why doesn't change in accounts receivable on balance sheet match cash flow statement?
How is monthly rent calculated for an odd term?
Why is it in a company’s interest to have high stock prices?
Trade ETFs with Banks' Brokerages or separate Discount Brokerage?
Is it smarter to buy a small amount of an ETF every 2 or 3 months, instead of monthly?
Working spouse in W4 form
Finding an old savings account in Minneapolis Minnesota
Is ScholarShare a legitimate entity for a 529 plan in California?
How is dividend of my owned stocks calculated?
Taking a student loan without any history of credit?
How do I efficiently add credit card expenses to my monthly budget?
Buying user car from sibling with totaled amount from Insurance and sibling buying a new car
Investing in a single product
Stock market - Searching for rate of change
Would I need to keep track of 1099s?
Keep in state tuition when relocating to another state
How can I compare having accounts at various banks without opening an account?
Does liability auto insurance protect any of your assets?
Indian Taxation policy on UK (foreign) income
Inexpensive Method of International Swift Transfer for Low Dollar Amounts?
What happens if I have an HSA while here on an H1B work visa and I permanently leave the United States?
Pay off car or use money for down payment
First job! I need some DE 4 tax form help
Purchasing ETFs when (pretty much) everything else is maxed out
When is it required that a non-resident alien file tax returns in the U.S.?
What happens after a counterparty defaults on a derivative trade?
Provide additional information for SWIFT transfer
Are "Liquid" Funds a good return or a gimmick?
Is expense to freelancers tax deductible?
Should I link my Social Security Number to my bank account?
Mass RSU grants vesting -- should I worry about the stock price?
Why are charts of EXPO different?
Do Canadian citizens have to file Canadian income tax returns even when living abroad?
Taking tax paid money back home to India from Singapore
How To Hedge Healthcare Costs
Shorting the Shenzen or ChiNext Index
Paying cash into a EUR account in Italy (or another EU state)
Invest in ESPP Single Stock or General Market
How large is the market for Secured Credit Cards?
Tax form to prove state tax payment
Opening Business Bank Account in Europe
Can a Solo 401k be used to reduce your taxes by selling taxable investments and contributing the proceeds?
Is it possible to get a 3% yield that is FDIC insured or super low risk?
What is the formula for loan payoff with daily compounded interest and monthly payment?
Calculating earnings per share confusion
For long-term savings: Short-term Bond ETFs vs High-interest Savings Accounts
Acquiring first office clothes
Should ETF currency risk be avoided by changing denomination or selling in a different currency?
Pension Investing dilemma
Is there any reason to add my spouse to home title?
Underwriters refusing to use TheWorkNumber
Completing W-4 for a new job starting mid-way through the year
What should I do with my vested stocks from employer
What are the pros and cons of using the cash back option at the grocery store register?
List of banks with free OFX service
Preserving DTI ratio between mortgage pre-approval and closing
Do I need to do a title search on land? how about title insurance? lawyers?
Healthcare / FSA: Lost job. Have expenses from earlier an the year that I have not submitted
Sending money through remittance to previous employer against in lieu of full and final settlement
What are the rules for accounting of late IRS tax filings and tax owed/refunded?
Can you subtract credits/returns/refunds from statement balance?
Valuation of service-based small business
NRI having NRE, NRO and domestic bank acount
Yield to Maturity and Daycount Conventions
If I register as self employed working freelance in evenings and weekends do I need to inform my full time employer?
Tax implications of transferring money to retired parents (India)
Do I have to pay UK tax on earnings from Saudi Arabia
What is the contribution limit for a SEP-IRA?
401k unwanted auto enrollement
Why do requirements after a margin call vary?
What are the "perfect" conditions for selling a small private business?
Estimated Taxes after surge in income
How should I research Super funds?
What can I do with de-listed stock?
Do I owe NRI tax on excess per day allowance that I have saved?
How to move (or not move) an LLC from Illinois to New Mexico?
Why aren't there solutions for electronic itemized receipt for retail in-store purchases?
What suggested supplemental income opportunities exist for a 70 year old Canadian retiree?
Should I cash out retirement accounts to pay off student loan debt?
How to reduce or avoid currency exchange costs when buying and holding etfs
U.S. tax return fraud after I've already filed
Invest in mutual funds without using a retirement account?
Sending money from India to US - What are the PayPal charges that apply
Selling a portion of my attached land and renting the main house
UK Defered Pension. Lump Sum or Weekly benefits?
Is there a free stock query service?
What funds were closed during or after the recent recessions?
US Citizen Buying Rental Property in Canada
Can I trade options purely as a leveraged product?
How do rate locks work when buying a property?
How come we can find stocks with a Price-to-Book ratio less than 1?
In which circumstances can I open a bank account without SSN in the USA?
Do I need to insure a large check when sending via mail?
How do Related Hedges work?
Exercising an option without paying for the underlying
Tax deductions on empty property
Tax on foreign currency brought into India?
Can I open a Solo 401(k) if I am an independent contractor but also work part-time as an employee?
Investing using leverage
Is this 'Tax evasion'?
Company registration for Small business
Brainstorming: Homebrew "credit" card?
Credit CARD Act and applying payments to recent purchases and balance transfer
How to buy stuff (stocks?) in IRA account? What else?
Do I need to pay US tax if my father puts half of his company (in the Dominican Republic) in my name?
Why are earning credit card rewards often tied to groceries and gas?
College savings using plain mutual funds instead of 529 plan?
Taxes on transfering money from India to the USA
Can I receive and spend money on PayPal without linking it to my bank account?
How much house can I afford, waiting around 3 years or so
What US taxes are due for US stock bought via ESPP when I was in USA and sold after I returned to India?
Estate accounts requiring 3 signature for withdrawal, is same required for deposits
How do I work out which part time arrangement is better financially?
What penalties exist when moving from a Roth IRA into 401K?
If I were receive an $80,000 inheritance & want to open a business, what taxes would I owe?
Investing in mutual fund and donating mutual fund assets to charity
Who gets to write off (deduct) interest part of a mortgage payment?
Can IRA contributions be recharacterized multiple times
Confused by IRS policy on whether DirectPay payment is on-time or late
What could be the possible reason for my student credit card denial?
How do dividends affect your average cost (both re-invested and non re-invested)
Do legal tender laws require the debt collector to make change?
How can I find if my accountant filed my tax report or not?
Any Drawbacks To Changing ISA
WHEN should I realize capital gains before going from non-resident alien to resident alien in USA?
Can pretax lottery winnings be donated to charity?
How high a mortgage can I afford at my current rate of monthly rent payments?
When filling out a new W4 changing exemptions, if I do not want an additional amount withheld and I did before, can I just leave that line blank?
How often does a stock price change and where is this defined?
Is this money transfer a legal way to get money?
Can someone intentionally hurt your credit score?
Are client meal "gifts" considered income?
Income tax in India for NRIs in USA
Good Money Habits and Principles
Candian citizen working for USA company staying in Canada
If I receive donations to keep a server running, do I need to pay any taxes?
A way to store money in something like a credit card without my name on it?
Which is the better strategy for buying stocks monthly?
should I save more money to purchase a Used car or borrow from my office?
What advice would you give about having to move out during the last month of the lease on short notice?
Transfer shares to avoid brokerage fees
incorrect printed information on check stock
If I'm the only one on the mortgage, do I have to count my significant other's payments as rent for tax purposes?
What kind of technical analysis and indicators available for mutual fund navs
How do you determine the dividend payout date for Mutual Funds?
How do I withdraw all money from my HSA account as a non-resident?
What happens to investment gains and distributions inside an HSA?
How many new addresses are "bad" on a credit report
Are auto loan monthly payments a fixed amount or a percentage of the principle remaining?
I received half of my ex-husband's 401k in 2014, paid penalty fee, no income in 2014, should i file federal income tax for 2014?
Unethical, Illegal, or Business as usual? When negotiating a Mortgage Contract, can details of open Contracts on comparable properties be disclosed?
Selling non-dividend for dividend stocks
What is a good plan for checking credit score/report monthly?
Australian stocks - any dividend tax or capital gains tax?
How Often Should I Chase a Credit Card Signup Bonus?
How to transfer funds online from a Canadian CIBC account to RBC instantly?
Transfer money between Wells Fargo and BofA accounts for free
How can this be enough to fund a scholarship in perpetuity?
How does a variable interest rate loan work?
How is the return rate on index funds calculated?
What sort of demands is it reasonable for a home loan lender to make on the borrower, if any?
First time mortgage - process & rates
How do I determine the performance of my retirement fund with regular monthly contributions?
What are the living costs of owning a condo?
How can we force one of the joint owners of a shared property to sell it?
What year will my Gift Aid donations count as?
What happens when my 401K beneficiary is not my child, nor spouse?
Is it wise to use a PayPal account for donations larger than $1 million/month?
Q2 income and TDS on TRACES form 16 includes only July salary?
Is there a free and public record of insider trading?
Can I transfer funds from my NRO account to my NRE account if the source of my funds was from overseas?
Is it a good idea to sell prior to moving to a higher tax state?
Why would an ETF rebate part of its management fee, rather than reduce it before?
Should you diversify your bond investments across many foreign countries?
How to respond to collections regarding medical bill your insurance hasn't paid?
Should I refi a rental property to reduce income tax from positive cash flow and use the equity pulled out to fund an annuity?
UK Tax - can I claim expenses against a different tax year?
Property taxes collected at closing weren't assessed correctly
Receiving partial payment of overseas loan/company purchase?
Is the repayment of monies loaned to my company considered income?
Is an employer within their rights to limit 401k contributions to 25% of compensation?
Do restricted stock units (RSUs) count as constructive receipt based on the percentage vested or only upon full vesting?
Rental Application Fees
S&P 500 - Current Constituent List
Can I keep my bank account and SSN after giving up permanent resident status?
H1B first time filing W4, should I file as Resident Alien or Non Resident Alien?
What's the formula for the future value of continuous compounded interest with an initial amount and annuity/monthly payments/investments?
Why did my credit score drop after paying of a credit card?
Pay Off Unsubsidized Loan with Subsidized Loan?
does an option provide better liquidity than outright stock purchase?
Forex independent investments
understand taxes when geting money from a project built long time ago plus my full time job
Mortgage Refinance: What is Yield Spread Premium?
At what point in a refinance application should I be able to get a rate lock?
Confused regarding allowances: No taxes being withheld at source
Bond ETFs vs actual bonds
What does it mean if a lender asks for a "title" from your purchase?
How much maximum money can transfer on regular base from USA to India?
Does the TOS for Lendingclub mean 10% of your net worth per note or in total?
Temporary relocation to Massachusetts
Tax implication In India
Under federal rules, does a non-taxable IRA Roth Conversion impact school financial aid?
Disclosure (13D, insiders) and equity swaps/options
Why do futures traders write months in a strange way?
important considerations when expected monthly returns seem implausible relative to the purchase price of real estate?
How to Receive US Dollars for my savings account
Pros and cons accepting partial ownership of company as opposed to inheriting
Accepting personal "donations" (not as a non-profit)
How to create joint foreign currency account in Israel between US/Israeli citizens
How can cold-callers know about my general financial status
Shouldn't nominal interest rates be illegal?
Ordering From UK to Base Overseas - VAT exempt?
What happens If I Overpay Social Security Taxes?
Am I able to save money by getting loan from a lower interest rate country?
How do parent companies collect/handle net income from their subsidiaries?
Can I locate a Bank of China ATM in mainland China given the ATM ID?
Will I pay US taxes on visiting family money that is deposited into my account
Main source of the shares/stocks data on the web
Where should I start my LLC?
Foreign intern in USA - filling out W-8BEN form
I got a raise from 50,000 to 65,000, and paycheck calculator says that I should take home $867
What does "issued XXX and YYY shares" mean?
How much money should I put on a house?
How does Walmart account their expired food
First time buyer in Ottawa and need some advice!
taxes on home if quit claimed to son in entirety, but mom still lives there
Is my car overinsured if my net worth is high enough?
Waiving PMI on initial conventional mortgage loan
Are there commodity streaming stocks outside of precious metal streams?
Residency for Out of State Student Getting Married
Best way to reduce tax burden of a signing bonus
dividend cover ratio for stocks
401k Transfer After Business Closure
Are there any tax-beneficial accounts in the Netherlands, like the UK's ISA or US's Roth or 401K?
Coverdell ESA Tax Consequence For Corporate Contribution
Received federal student loan collection letter, but never had one. What to do?
How do I determine which ETFs yield more than, but are nearly as safe as, high-rate savings accounts?
New to options trading and need help understanding an options spread risk graph. What am I missing?
Equity - date of offer, or date of joining?
How do I formalize a personal investment in a friend's business?
Limit on hard cash exchange (EURO -> USD) in USA
Tax me more: Can I pay extra to the government so I don't have to deal with all this paperwork?
flex spending when transitioning from full time to perdiem
Taking out money on current home for down payment of new home
Stock order execution - limit orders
Should I report driving tickets on my international driving permit to insurance companies
GnuCash during holiday: expenses in foreign currency
Pre- & post-tax calculations for comparing contribution amounts for traditional 401k vs. Roth IRA?
Starting a LLC in the US from India - Am I self-employed or salaried?
Plan/education for someone desiring to achieve financial independence primarily through investing?
Tax implications of roommate rent from unofficial apartment sublet
Prospective employer is offering to 'buy me out' of my stock/options
Sale of a rental house
Calculating Stock Trading Profits
Never-cashed cheques
How important is the beneficiary field in a bank transfer in the Euro zone?
Income Tax rebate on Housing Loan on rental property and HRA rebate?
Registering as sole trader in UK although most of my work is conducted abroad/online
Is a digital image of a check e-mailed to someone a negotiable instrument?
Quarterly report in Gnucash?
Tax Exemptions: Live in One State, Work in Another
Is there a way to short the general education market?
Is it possible to go to graduate school if I have debt?
Can PPF be withdrawn by NRI or Overseas Citizen of Indian origin
How to calculate after-tax return if investor can use capital loss, in Canada?
Is it possible to be subject to cash withdrawal even if you don't use ATM?
New TD D-Series funds: are they worth considering (unknown expense ratios)?
If I were to buy something a day before my due date for my credit card bill, would I be charged interest?
Can a tax be legitimately charged on an airline ticket refund?
How To Interpret Share Prices?
Stock Options for a company bought out in cash and stock
Do I repay Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) if I suddenly have income and assets
What can I do when a vendor goes into administration before delivering everything I've paid for?
Late payment of estimated taxes
Lender refuses to terminate PMI despite my LTV being less than 78%
How soon in advance to cancel a credit card to avoid the annual fee?
Tax on Sale of Property
With joint checking accounts, if a check is written out to the primary account holder and the secondary signer endorses the check, is this legal?
Company wants to sell all of its assets, worth more than share price?
Estimating independent contracting taxes when I am ALSO separately a full-time employee
How to cancel a credit card and verify it was closed
Can I cash a Government check without a bank account?
historical stock data starting from 1900
Total market cap in country, and average p/e per country and continent(europe)
Why doesn't GnuCash auto-reconcile non-bank accounts?
Clarification on maintaining 401 K Account with Ex-Employer?
Why does Chase Freedom require me to "activate" my card for rewards every quarter?
EU company selling internet services to US customer, any tax?
Should I cash out some of my retirement to pay credit card debt?
I plan to buy a car soon and I have the cash. Should I use my credit cards to pay for them?
Forex - Does initial currency invested matter?
What is the best use of this cash, investment or payoff bills?
Converting annual interbank rates into monthly rates
Indian Citizen and living in Uk and doing Free lancing
Paid cash for a car, but dealer wants to change price
Should I get a car loan before shopping for a car?
Switching Accountants - who does the audit review for past years?
Salary vs Dividend: is this example wrong?
What happens when a promissory note wasn't specific enough about interest?
How can I identify a likely bull trap?
Where to Park Proceeds from House Sale for 2-5 Years?
Pay Outstanding demand
How to minimize damage from sale of savings account
Need suggestion regarding tax relief under DTAA
Debit card for minor (< 8 y.o.)
How will interest rate changes affect my government bonds ETF?
Should I car share or buy a car?
UK fee-free foreign transfer to own account
What UK banks use card readers?
Best investment with just 1800 Euros in Estonia
Calculating the rate of return (ROR) when buying and selling bonds that carry cupons?
Do we have to pay insurance while on short term disability?
Why the interest does not stop on the day of paying off the whole loan
How long should one wait before reapplying for credit card after account closure
What recourse does a credit card company have upon default?
Is it a good idea to put everything in the S&P500?
How do investors know what the discount rate is?
Loan from friends living abroad
Are Morning Star Ratings really that important?
Are Roth IRA dividends included in MAGI for healthcare.gov?
Where or how can I model historical market purchases
Should I have to pay income tax on contribution to home office rent from company?
How to invest for the event of a US default?
Is it wise to have plenty of current accounts in different banks?
Can we legally pay my fiancee's mother as a sub-contractor with cash only?
Should I invest or repay my debts?
Future viability of Roths
Is a stock's trade size history publicly available?
Would I lose my vested RSU shares if I left the company?
Does earning as a non-resident remote worker on an American account make people liable for U.S taxes?
In which infrastructure bonds should one invest to avoid capital gains tax after selling a property in India?
What is a mutual fund "high water mark" and how does it affect performance fees?
Is it possible to open a US bank account without being physically present or having a SSN/EIN?
What's the best way to invest for making regular donations?
How to calcuate forward exchange rate or interest rate parity?
Can I be held to what a rental lease says if the landlord misinforms me about what it says?
Does investing in index funds on a monthly basis involve brokerage fees?
How do I take the state sales tax deduction if my spouse lives in another state?
Finding out actual items bought via credit card issuer and not the store receipt?
How long does a retailer have to take payment?
capital gains on foreign investment
Learning investing and the stock market
Real Estate: Please review my recent investment (with numbers from recent purchase)
Want to get off a home loan in TN
Sending money as gift to India from US
Is there an IRS "use or lose" it rule on taking charitable deductions up to the 50% limit of AGI?
GnuCash and ledger/hledger
Annuities and varying interest rates?
How does DTI work while building a house?
Over-payment by ex-employer into 401k
For what reasons a bank deny basic saving account
Figuring flood insurance into financing cost
How quickly are the funds from a bank deposit available via my debit card or a check?
Compounded and Simple Interest Rates
Is US citizenship and/or residence requirement for "accredited investor" status?
Question about margin and investing
S-Corp Estimated Tax Payments
Tax implications of receiving cash bonus from bank for a non-resident alien
What information is required in the top left (payor) part of a check?
Offshore bank account with online International wire-transfer facility for Indians
How can I compare the performance of a high dividend funds with other funds and or an index
What's the best use for this money? Its only a small amount but can make a big difference to me
How much is one "lot" of EUR/USD?
Filling in W-8BEN for a UK Ltd Company
Should an employer file a tax withholding exemption form for non-resident workers?
Is it a good strategy to +cash out refi every six months?
Why do large notes exist?
Is there any tax in India for money from Saudi Arabia
Federal Income Taxes For Year of Divorce
How does visibility of a house from the road or neighbors effect home owners insurance costs?
What are FICA taxes for a sole proprietor in the United States
If I have form a partnership which has done nothing but lose money, do I need to declare anything on my Tax?
Dividends paid on stocks bought on Bursa Malaysia
What are the requirements for someone to deposit a check into your bank account?
How should I invest my money as a young graduate in Europe?
What are the tax benefits of dividends vs selling stock
Applicability of form W-8BEN-E / W-8BEN to an Indian citizen
Proof of address for bank account for UK spouse of Tier 2 work visa
Hire my own surveyor or trust my neighbor's?
What happens to my restricted stock in the eBay & PayPal spin-off?
Am in the UK and need to sell my late fathers shares, have no idea.where can i get some advice please
U.S. stock sales- tax on sale for NR Canadian
what is this type of stock trade?
Can I deduct IRA contribution even though job offers a 401k which I don't contribute to?
Dad wants to retire...how can I help insure him
Is there any algorithm to calculate highest possible return on stock market?
How to get the historical components of the stock index constituents?
What happens when your Canadian ETF shuts down?
Using second mortgage on rental property to make down payment on primary residence?
Apartment Security Deposit refunds in Maryland
How Should I Go About Buying a Car? (College Student)
Passive income for International student
GnuCash how to do laptop purchase payment plan
How far can a credit card balance go into the negative?
Can anybody cash my check by using an ATM? Does the machine check the name of the check and debit card?
How to dump whole life insurance?
Do I have to make a minimum payment to my credit card even if the balance is $0 after redeeming rewards?
My query about my CTC, Gross salary and net pay
What to do with dividends and capital gains from Roth IRA. Reinvest or Transfer to market settlement fund?
I signed on as the co-signer on a car loan and somehow ended up being the primary name on the account
Why doesn't buy at open get the official open price?
Is it ok to stop witholding if this year's witholding is greater than last year's tax owed, which was nothing?
Trade in car or perform maintenance?
Advice for a college student interested in investment opportunities.
Is it possible to transfer money from paypal to any master card?
How to calculate and pay tax for Jan to March abroad income for resident indian
How to save criteria in Google Finance Stock Screener?
Higher auto insurance costs: keep car or switch to public transit?
Am I eligible to contribute to Roth IRA in 2015
LLC in states with customers with and without employees in the state
Pre-Emi Calculation
ETL Liquidation and Price of the Security
Total price of (AAPL option strike price + option cost) decreases with strike price. Why?
Want to retire at 55, but 401(k) starts paying at 59.5 years old
Investing at a young age in a transition period
Will moving my debt from one credit card to another affect my credit score?
If I have a home loan preapproval letter for x, can the seller know this without me explicitely telling them?
How do I track an interest free loan I made in GNUCash? How do I track payments against that loan?
Can individual investors buy precious metals at the spot price?
EIN for personal LLC: Is this an S-Corp?
I forgot to file my T4 tax form. Will this affect my mortgage?
Direct deposit downside
Multiple serious delays wiring money to the US from Singapore
How does one compare repayment of a loan based on a fixed payment of some dollar per $1000 borrowed?
Working remotely from Canada for a US company. How to get paid?
5-year fixed mortgage?
total of all dividend payments for a particular company
Can it be irresponsible to repay a student loan?
First time buyers in the UK
How can one tell if a company's quarterly financial report represents a profit or loss?
Flex deduction in paycheck 2015
help with how a loan repayment is calculated
Avoiding tax complexities of MLPs
Would the purchase of a car for a business through the use of a business loan be considered a business expense?
Where do I have to pay taxes?
What special considerations need to be made for a US citizen who wishes to purchase a house in Canada?
Understanding taxes when buying goods at a store
What is this option offering me on my loan repayment?
Tax in US or India
Can Professional Certifications be written off in taxes?
Historical share price at exact day and time
Does technical analysis work on small stock exchanges?
If an Indian resident earns any income in the USA is he liable for double taxation?
Indian working in the US Tax filing as Resident in both countries
Can assets be transferred from an existing employer 401k to an Individual 401k?
Shareholders Equity
make international payment on behalf of another company
Quickbooks credit card reconciliation
What happens to the original funds when a certified bank check is not cashed?
Best starting options to invest for retirement without a 401k
Investing while the Canadian dollar is really low
How can I see former major share holders of a company?
Income tax withholding for single person vs. married person?
Control mechanisms on banks' total income
how to deposit found money
Strategy to save the most on interest
Does a company in the UK have to pay taxes on betting winnings?
Effective Interest Rate from bifurcated interest rate
What is the definition of a "first time buyer" with relation to the UK "help to buy isa"?
Risks associated with investing in dividend paying stocks for short term income. Alternatives?
Apartment I never lived in is collecting against me. Recourse?
Do I need to tell an estate agent how much a bank is willing to lend us?
Do you need to pay taxes on cash poker games?
Default on credit report
Claiming loss of income due to water damage in residence
Selling my earned dollars to someone in US for rupees in India
Paying off mortgage or invest in annuity
Calculating return on a series of stock positions with multiple uneven transactions
Filing FBAR if I wire transfer to my parents Account?
FBAR needed if I wire transfer in installments?
How do disputed debts work on credit reports?
What will happen if you filed your taxes with two different locations? How can it be solved?
Can a self-employed person have a Health Savings Account?
Gifted money invested without tax?
What IT form to use in India?
Bank account in Seatle, Washington state
Can a business operate in one state ie. NY and have an office in another?
Long term investment for money
How can I escalate a credit dispute when the bureau "confirms" the item?
Considering investing in CHN as a dividend stock
Who puts out buy/sell orders during earnings reports or other scheduled relevant information?
Could capital gains from a stock sale impact my IRA eligibility?
Paying $1000 a month to keep a car in New York City
What happens to HSA money when you die?
Can standard deduction lower my tax bracket?
If I take out a cash advance, how exactly do I get charged and does it hurt my credit?
Avoiding tax complexities of REITs
Can anyone help me understand my loan payment?
How could I find someone to find a room for me to live in? (For a fee, of course.)
Unequal Loan Repayments
Do European options have to be exercised at a specific time on Expiry day?
what other index fund captures the wilshire 5000
Taxation of income from working abroad within the EU
Clarification on 2015 IRA Rollover Limits
When after a companys IPO date can I purchase shares?
How should I respond to an IL 2012 "Notice of Proposed Tax Due"?
Long Term capital gain tax for selling land abroad
What is it called when someone researches the manufacturing costs of a company to determine their profit level?
Visiting vacation rental with immediate family
How do I find the best exchange rate to convert 1 million Swedish krona into Euros?
Controlling parents: how to get back my money
Managing an Account with Multiple Categories
Net salary for an internship in Switzerland?
Should I do the volume discount even if it will strain my short-term budget?
Understanding Gift taxes for mortgage downpayment
What the term p means on EPS
Change in health care deductible with newborn
What is the different between 2 :1 split and 1:1 split
Are debit cards and "open loop" gift cards accepted everywhere that credit cards are?
If a stock has only buyers and no sellers how does its price go up?
Is a public company allowed to issue new shares below market price without consulting shareholders?
Tangerine's Android app asked me something about noting my location. What did it ask, and what did I agree to?
Non resident working for a UK company from abroad and receiving on UK account - taxable?
UK National Insurance deduction as income tax in NZ
How to report a personal expense for an LLC partnership paid in one year and reimbursed in another?
How to be exempt from backup withholdings
Mortgages: What is the terminology for how much I own and how much I still owe?
Will moving shortly before applying for an auto loan have an adverse effect?
New super account does not show up on Tax office info
What is the the most profitable way of transferring euro to usd in the states?
Can I register for VAT to claim back VAT without selling VAT applicable goods? (UK)
Do Options take Dividend into account?
Growing Annuity - How do I find the growth rate of a growing annuity?
Missing opportunity cost of mortgage prepayment
Are tax-free investments still tax free when taking distributions?
How can I pay a credit card bill for a company that doesn't provide an automatic payment service?
Banking Advice for my new Job
Is bad for a person's 'financial reputation' to have transactions to lottery sites on his/her bank statement?
Wash sales and year end tax implications
Questioning my Realtor
CitiBank or HSBC account in India but use funds in America
Recently quit job to start a limited company, registering as self employed?
Last trade is bought? or sold?
Is Superannuation fund held in Australia, taxed in India for Australian national residing in India?
Why would my job recruiter want me to form an LLC?
Buying my first car: why financing is cheaper than paying cash here and now?
Are traditional IRAs worse than taxable brokerage accounts at high incomes?
Saving when saving is really hard
How do investments on projects work
Transfer from NRE account to a local Indian account is it taxable
If bank can give less home loan than PAL offered based on my credibility
Buying a building with two flats, can I rent one out and still get a residential mortgage?
What is a dummy buy?
Getting loans from Foreign banks
How do I calculate yield-to-maturity (YTM) with a simple handheld calculator for semiannual payments?
Taxes deducted for NRO account
What fiscal scrutiny can be expected from IRS in early retirement?
Can value from labor provided to oneself be taxed?
Cheapest USD to GBP transfer
How much will I get from an early withdrawal from a 401k and Roth 401k with employee contributions after taxes and penalties?
What are institutional investors?
Is it a scam if the person only wants to deposit into my account, not make a withdrawal?
What is network marketing?
Italian mother-in-law died but also had UK Bank account - bank wants UK Probate to move money
If I mistake credit card security code a few times online, would the card be disabled?
How much share do the venture capitalists want if they invest in our website?
What percent of the profit do you get from selling a home with a mortgage?
How to fund sabbatical to prepare house for sale?
How is SPAN and Exposure Margin Determined on the NSE?
How to decide if I should take my money with me or leave it invested in my home country?
How to journal an expenditure that provided no value
Learn investing as a programmer
Why the stock price is rising when company is growing well
How to reclaim the value-added tax when buying something on eBay?
Taking Physical Ownership of A Commodity From A Roth-IRA
Where Do ESPP stocks come from?
What metrics must a trading strategy meet to be considered profitable?
Refinancing Loans from USA to India
Retirement planning: Pension or personal saving/investing?
Does my mother owe back taxes for 1986?
Is it a bad idea to open a savings account for the bonus and then close it once I get it?
What are "PIN-less" transactions, when are they possible, and how do I make sure my transaction is PIN-less?
Are bond ETFs considered low risk in this market?
Sales Tax on Apps / Digital Goods in AppStore & GooglePlay, New York
What should be involved in a monthly family budget meeting?
capital gains vs operating losses
How to trade at Athens Stock Exchange (ASE)
how to withdraw Paypal USD in the United States when I'm on holiday
Savings account with fixed interest or not?
How do you safely buy a car that the owner still owes money on?
How long does an account stay 'open' on your credit report
Exchange rates - when to multiply or divide?
Can an immigrant get a mortgage in the us?
Using 2 different social security numbers
looking for research tool to plug in and evaluate theoretical historical returns
Do I have to pay New York City tax if I earn my salary Upstate New York?
BRENT/WTI Oil Contract Futures
Will interest rates on bank deposits ever fall close to 0 percent in India?
Why is "cheque cashing" a legitimate business?
Challenged an apparently bogus credit card charge, what happens now?
First Home Purchase - Understanding Closing Costs
Buying a house after graduating from college
Optimal number of credit cards for a given length of credit history
What happens to a HELOC after a death?
What are the benefits of writing a cheque over online banking?
Calculating net investment portion of Discounted Cash Flow (DCF)
Why would I vote for an increase in the number of authorized shares?
How to tell if a health share membership a prudent investment?
NRI is buying land with wife name , Can we get back that money to U.S later through NRE account?
Everyone got a raise to them same amount, lost my higher pay than the newer employees
What does "Cost of Wage Differential" mean
converting annual interest rate to monthly when compounding frequency known
Tenant wants to pay rent with EFT
Getting the fraud alert to the right person
How to finance necessary repairs to our home in order to sell it?
Start a Holding Company?
What does "Additional paid-in capital" mean on a balance sheet?
How can I lower my taxable income?
How to identify currency of online payment
What is the cheapest way to move money from the United States to Canada?
Working as a self employed freelancer for an overseas company
Taxes on raffle winnings
Should I cash out my unused traditional IRA to pay student loans?
401k hardship withdrawal
Will paying off my mortage quickly harm my chances in the future?
How long do unpaid bills remain visible on credit report?
Strategy to minimize the risk of a checking account being compromised
H1b Visa - Any way to save taxes?
How exactly does a country devalue its currency?
Withdrawing $10,000 from two IRA accounts for first time home buyer expenses
Can I pay $20 on my credit card daily?
How to calculate taxes (really cost basis) on the sale of software-as-a-service product
My ex sold our car that still had money owed
At what point is money considered to be my income?
Accumulating money in a company and withdrawing as dividends
What does “100% stock dividend” mean?
Understanding downside of triple-leveraged ETF
Employee Stock Option Shares - What happens when the company gets acquired
Hedging your personal assets
May I Invest as a non accredited investor?
Possess full down payment at loan application or settlement?
Looking for an ROI formula, brain is broken today
Translating a List of Monthly Payments from One Currency to Another
How does the "Rule of 55" work for avoiding early 401k withdrawal penalties?
How to understand "Money Market Purchase" and "Money Market Redemption" transactions in stock account?
Is there a time limit to cover an open short position?
Getting compound interest calculation wrong but don't know why
Yahoo Finance not showing detailed information for foreign stocks
How to calculate a leveraged ETF's annual return
Borrowing from your parents on a mortgage, with money they borrow from a bank
How does Robinhood stock broker make money?
Balance Sheet Retained Earnings
Handling expenses for corporate tax in GnuCash
Can I get a tax deduction for education expenses?
Splitting Net Sale Proceeds with a Mortgage Outstanding with Parents
Given current market conditions, how / when should I invest a $200k inheritance?
Can forming an LLC be beneficial when earning foreign income?
Are capitalization rate and net profit margin the same thing?
Current salary plans - criticisms and suggestions for improvements for a 21 year old
parents doing a downpayment on a house
Seller not fixing agreed upon items
Is a discount reported as income?
Double entry for mortgage
How can I calculate the exposure of future option?
Co-signing a loan and having them leave the state with no contact information
Savings on tax money as a married person?
Withdrawing a 403(b) account after leaving employment from a company
How to get loaned money back to US
Forward price, price of a forward contract, value of a forward contract
Index Fund Style: Blend or Value and Growth
Beginner questions about stock market
Which IRA Account would be ideal for my age group?
Foreign student and substantial presence test
Tax consequences of forwarding an international wire
My salary from Dubai to India in INR ; taxable or not
How to decide to leave money invested in Brazil or transfer immediately to my home country?
Send money to someone with Bank of America
If a stock doesn't pay dividends, then why is the stock worth anything?
Buy a new home or stay on rental flat?
How to keep new gift cards safe?
Can I buy a Walmart gift card using a Walmart egift card?
Tax implications of reparceling property that was gifted from a trust
Does "no lapse" guaranteed life insurance mean you're always insured even if you miss payments?
Forex in General
Gnucash: How to add up all charges on a credit card within a period
401(k) forfeited and check issued. What can I do to avoid penalty?
Former public employer that we have options in just sold
Good Index funds in EU precisely in the Hungary area?
doing a like-kind property exchange and then selling immediately to avoid paying capital gains
capital gains tax on inherited property
Is it possible to calculate financials on indexes?
Why does FlagStar Bank harass you about payments within grace period?
Can I reuse a W9?
Loan servicing company sent me a check in error and wants it back
Best way to invest as a 22 year old with not very much money but no debt
Why does my brokerage show "adjusted due to previous wash sale disallowed loss" when I sold my entire position?
Using Emergency Fund to Sell Upside-down Car
How can I stop debt collection agencies contacting me about an ex-partner who moved away 10 years ago?
Excel formula for amortization schedulefor a loan with daily compound interest
Individual Client or Customer fining or charging a Company a penalty fee
Using Miles for hotels
Can I buy stock in the NYSE from abroad, being a foreigner?
Transfer of funds
If you are layed-off by the US Navy, do you lose retirements benefits?
Multiple prepaid card sharing the same funds
What does "sits on all four property lines" mean in Real Estate?
Which type of company accounts to choose for LTD tax return?
Anyone have experience with Brink's 5% savings account?
What are my options if my previous employer does not transfer my 401(k)?
For the purposes of building credit, does dividing up a loan help?
Tax Allocation - Business Asset Transfer
will using credit card a lot help building credit score?
Can I invest RRSP funds in ETFs myself in Canada?
Cumulative Return between two dates
OTM puts or ITM puts in fear of market crash
Can you have a positive return with a balance below cost basis?
Do companies only pay dividends if they are in profit?
Capital gains tax when I sell my home if I use a portion of it for an AirBnB
Is the return on investment better with high or low dividends?
Downsides to refinancing with only one spouse?
getting paid for work in Canada to a U.S bank account?
What should one look for when opening a business bank account?
What if an employer sets up and contributes to an HSA for an ineligible employee - can he withdraw the excess contributions with no penalty?
Is it necessary that my employer deducts taxes even if I won't owe any tax?
Renting a flat in the UK with a student
Car Loan upside down--refinance before selling?
Buy house as soon as possible or wait
How are money market mutual funds just as risky as cash?
How to claim living / transport / visa expenditure in Income tax for working in abroad while being a Indian Resident working for that financial year
What are some good books for learning stocks, bonds, derivatives e.t.c for beginner with a math background?
Closing a home loan and credit card use
If/When the Fed raises the interest rate, how much will this affect my ARM?
Credit limit decrease in order to get a credit limit increase?
On what quantity the Dividend is given in India?
Is it possible to add money to an existing rolled over IRA when I have a 401(k) from work?
Is there any drawback in putting all my 401K into a money market fund?
Hong Kong Dollar Options
How to find out IRS notices on a topic?
Where can I find lots of annotated stock charts to help me improve my chart reading skills?
Need some advice on how to manage multiple income sources
As a young person in his early 20s, when should I start thinking about buying a house?
Why should investors care about the interest rate risk, if they only care about the money they have at retirement?
Is It Possible to Get Out of an Apartment Lease?
Does lender care what I use the money for?
In a reverse split, what happens to odd lots?
Student Loan Repayment
Clarification on 529 fund
Buying an apartment in France
£600 per month after rent: is this good?
FATCA - Streamlined Foreign Offshore Procedures
Are there any US banks that allow you to make an international wire transfer online?
What needs to be done to transfer IRA accounts when someone dies?
Steps to calculate reduction in spending vs. savings till retirement
New business owner - How do taxes work for the business vs individual?
What is inflation?
Could one person with a card with no spending limit pay off everyone's debt?
How can this stock have an intra-day range of more than 90% on 24Aug2015?
Is US salary taxable in India and is there any provision to save tax?
Creditscore dropped drastically
Helping my family sell their oil stocks. What to buy?
Why this mutual fund (VTTHX) is not traded today ?
Do I have to pay council tax if I rent for 6 months?
Loan against fixed deposit
What is the final price if the bid price exceeds the ask price in an order driven market?
Is this 401k statement odd or is it normal?
My credit score has been erased. What happened?
Money Saved on finance charges
Any downsides of using 3rd party remittance services?
Paypal Chargeback
Written off sales in Canada GST/HST Return
If a stock is sold but the purchase was canceled by the exchange, will it be considered a short-sale?
Latest China devaluation (24/08/2015) and the affect on house prices in UK
Chinese account, live in Europe - rather get paid in RMB or EUR?
Do the gain and loss during futures rollover each month will be even out in long run?
As a small business owner should I have a separate account for payroll?
Going long vs short, mechanisms involved
As director, can I invoice my self-owned company?
Ethics and investment
Setting a trailing stop loss at $39.70 bid price, stock sold at $41
Will an HSA save me money on chiropractic or dental?
When do I need to transfer money to the owner when buying a used car? Used car transaction paperwork and details
HSA and FSA Concurrently
How many hours I worked per week?
Date of sale in real estate - is it date of Close or date of Signing
Transfer of Indian rupee account funds to UAE to open business
When is the right time to pay my credit?
Condo in HOA building that has been disbanded
Am I being underpaid?
Do you pay any tax on dividends up to £30k?
How do owners in a partnership earn income?
As a total beginner, how do I begin to understand finance & stocks?
Funds supermarkets transaction time frames - are all so vague?
Canadian citizen working for a year in scandinavia
Rent or buy a house in a poor country?
How to interpret the interest rate of treasury notes?
Should I scale down my 401k?
What's so hard about a mutual fund manager pricing their mutual fund?
Can S-Corp loss offset gain?
Income Tax Germany-UK - Different tax years
Is IRS Form 8938 asking me to double-count foreign assets?
Does the P/E ratio not apply to bond ETFs?
How to get individual long-term disability insurance when you already have a group LTD plan with your employer?
Does my net paycheck decrease as the year goes on due to tax brackets filling up?
how does a new credit card impact my credit score?
Transfer money from Travel Card issued in India to an Indian bank account
monthly payment discrepancy
Seller is eager to offer a nice-looking house on a rent-to-own scheme: could this be some kind of scam?
Does Form 8938 have to be signed?
Do I have to file a tax return on a federal work study job?
Taxable income computed by date earned or pay date?
Split Roth 401(k) Rollover between Traditional IRA and Roth IRA
How does one transfer funds between a French bank account and a US bank account?
What is the HSA contribution limit when you are only enrolled in HDHP for part of the year?
Why invest in money market funds, when its return is lower than a high-rate savings account?
Must ETF companies match an investor's amount invested in an ETF?
Did not file W-8BEN but received dividend income from US stocks and zero withholding tax
Determining annual inflation rate from bimonthly cpi growth rate?
Can you lease a secondary residential apartment for a job in NYC, and declare it as expense in tax return?
Australian Tax Rates for overseas residents?
Where can cash reserves be stored in Canada, with 100% protection of principal and higher interest than high-rate savings accounts?
Mortgage company fee for quit claim deed
For the purpose of Canadian tax reporting, can buying a business be deducted against personal taxable income?
Pay for my parent's PLUS loan - tax implications?
e-banking from oversea bank to the UK bank & IBAN code
Administrator vs Broker vs Custodian for a Solo 401(k)?
30-year-old saved $30,000: what should I do with it?
MasterCard PayPass requires pin. What's going wrong?
What is the psychology behind the Dead Cat Bounce Pattern and how can it be traded?
What's the reason I can't have insurance with more than one company?
Capital gains tax from selling Canadian property for Canadian non-resident
What does it mean to borrow short and lend long?
Selling mutual fund and buying equivalent ETF: Can I 1031 exchange?
Does LendingClub's quick screening impact credit score?
Fetching technical indicators from yahoo api
Mutual Funds merger
Renting out rooms in my home, what's the proper way to deal with utilities for tax purposes?
Best way to maximize current income from stock market as a low income person
Effect of taxation changes for an employed landlord (£40K) with a rental property that breaks even
Mortgage sold to yet another servicer. What are my options?
Fair Market Value Vs. Assessed Value
Price drop protection on Apple iPhone
Using multiple bank accounts
What are the tax implications of dividends that I receive from stocks (equity) that I hold?
HSBC gave me the wrong IBAN
Settlement time for euronext index futures
Realtor Credit or Kickback
Should I sell my individual stocks and buy a mutual fund
House inheritance tax question
Reported defect, received refund, do not want to return item
Does the low CAD positively or negatively impact Canadian Investors?
IF I have equity in my home and am selling it. Who pays me, the title co?
Taxes on AirBNB income for renter
Distribution of my shares
Am I liable to tax even if my salary is less than 1 lac per annum in India
Self employed applying for mortgage
How to find out if I have a savings account already?
How can a soon-to-expire lease at a low rate ruin a business’s profit margins?
How can I purchase new assets for my Roth IRA while residing in Canada?
Personal Investment Account for US citizen residing in Canada
Would every FX currency pair or public stock that is under the 30 level using Relative Strength Index (RSI) be an undervalued pair?
Why do taxes exclude reinvested dividends and capital gains as performance?
Selling equity in investment property?
My bank often blocks my card during purchases - what is the most reliable bank card? (UK)
What are some of the key identifiers/characters of an undervalued stock?
Tax NRI and returns filing
3 car garage vs. 2 car garage home ?
Free banking transfer every 4 weeks
Free brokerage vs paid - pros and cons
What is the best way to short the San Francisco real estate market?
I need to open a brokerage account in the US from AUSTRALIA
Can I cash a cashier's check at any bank?
Any US tax implications --- transferring UK ISA balance to USA
Is "premium tax credit repayment" deductible as health insurance cost for self-employed?
Can AGI/MAGI ever be greater than gross income?
Formula to compute 10 year US governement bond price given yield
What's the difference between Descriptions, Notes, and Memo in GnuCash?
Backdoor Roth IRA Maneuver - Multiple T-IRA Accounts
Will a Roth 401k rolling over to a Roth IRA allow the money to become penalty-free at withdrawl?
Invest in stocks or in your own company
What are the tradeoffs with the small scale managed fund Wealthsimple?
Individual 401(k) and Contribution Limits
Liquidity Balance Sheet
How do you declare revenues from YouTube earnings in the USA if you are a minor?
I was paying my tenants' water usage without realising - how to recoup the money?
Is there a service in US that allows to make payment on my behalf
HKD safe for business?
Merchant dispute with airline over changed itinerary
cobra insurance
College student interested in starting a stock portfolio, how much should I invest?
Calculating average interest rate with intermittent deposits
Why are credit card late fees and returned payment fees changing to $27 / 38?
Determine share price from S-1 for company that was bought before going public
Rental Property Income Tax Calculator
Can I cash a check having only a routing number and account number in the "Pay to the Order of" field?
Taking a loan from yourself
I made an investment with a company that contacted me, was it safe?
Why does ExxonMobil's balance sheet show more liabilities than assets?
ACH debit blocks/filters on consumer account
Paying withholding taxes with cash instead of deduction
Are foreigners who buy UK ETFs subjected to a withholding tax?
Overdraft on students account damages credit rating?
How can I find out the reason for a rejected SEPA "Lastschrift"?
Can I find the duration of a SEPA "Lastschrift" permit I signed?
Remittance of gift money from Indian bank account to UK bank account
What exactly is a "derivative"?
Do SWIFT payments with wrong first name still go through?
Does the stock market create any sort of value?
Is it OK for a UK company to have costs that will exceed the reserves? Insolvent now or later?
Undo 401k to IRA rollover?
Why is it good to borrow money to buy a house?
In Canada, why have inflation-protected bond ETFs underperformed short-term federal government bond ETFs?
What is the best way to dispose of old checkbooks?
Are there any methods to calculate the % of position size to cover my profits based on achieving expected returns and thereafter?
Upside down on Property with Mortgage and HELOC, now on Disability Income...
In India, does inheritance income need to be declared while filing returns?
How does a brokerage firm work?
"$100 Copay before deductible/40% Coinsurance after deductible"
How much do laddered bond ETFs differ from bond ETFs that bound maturity?
UK Income Tax on rental income from property
Selling assets while on Service Canada Disability
Funding an ira or roth ira
Non-Resident, US citizen with 2nd nationality, hasn't filed taxes in years and needs to know what to when presented with W-9 or W-8BEN forms
What is the fastest way to retire, using passive income on real estate
Does an owner of a bond etf get an income even if he sells before the day of distribution?
How profitable is selling your customer base?
Financial advisor is outperforming Vg LifeStrategy 80. Should I keep him?
Historical 52-week highs data source
Prepaid VISA Debit Card declined on Amazon.com
Why can I see/trade VIX but not S&P/TSX 60 VIX?
Withdrawing cash from investment: take money from underperforming fund?
What does it mean to be 'in credit' or 'in debit'?
Bank accounts that do not get overdrawn
Filing tax return for sole proprietorhip & regular employee
Tracking the status of payment
Does Visa Electron preauth success necessarily mean the transaction will succeed?
Do you avoid tax when taking a home equity loan?
Unsold security in a delisted company
How safe is an option contract?
Should I care about expense ratios?
How to avoid U.S. FICA (S.S.)
Question about beta - trading
Is there an online tool to help purchasing option spreads?
Comparison of online brokerage tax preparation features?
Starter Enterprising Investor
Stopping Payment on a Check--How Long Does it Take?
Is it possible to dispute a wash sale?
Taxes to be paid by someone working from a US company as a consultant fom India
Did the US Government Vote as a GM Shareholder?
Is it beneficial for me to refinance my house at a lower rate?
Am I responsible for an annual fee on a credit card I never picked up?
How can I enforce saving when I have a very limited income?
Taxable income on full-time job + business earnings
Social security credits shared between spouses where neither earned 40 credits
How should I report earnings from Apple (from selling mobile applications in the App Store) in 1040 form in USA?
Selling my house for what is owed to keep from foreclosure but it's worth more. Who gets the extra money?
Is it commonly possible to buy an "Option for a Mortgage at a specific Interest Rate"?
Getting correlation from regression slope (Completely stumped)
FSA dependent care for preschool
What's the smartest way to invest money gifted to a child?
where to find goldman sachs ratings of stocks?
What exactly is the interest rate that the Fed is going to adjust?
Stocks: Where can I find a list of bankrupt/diluting stocks in the US?
Ontario resident working contract job in British Columbia
distribution from retirement plan in one state being taxed in another
How much money can be transferred from India to U.S. account to buy house
Is my 529 contribution tax deductible?
How to get access to US credit report while living outside USA?
Does 3rd party car insurance cover damage to phone?
Can an F1 student working on OPT with a STEM extension earn unrelated self employed income from a foreign employer?
What's the tax on a hobby orchard?
Can I claim living remote expenses as full time employee (UK)
SEPA and my name
What's the tax on a hobby crop income?
Justification for aggressive investment strategy when young?
Down Payment for new Company Car
Credit card company forgot to reflect a returned payment in my balance. It only showed up after I closed the account. Am I obligated to pay?
Is the money sent by my son from USA to India is taxable?
Non Qualifying Stock Option offered by employer
Money transfer from INDIA account (INR) to US account in $?
Single employee - paying for health insurance premiums with pre-tax money
Where is the liquidity on European derivatives exchanges
Stocks: do Good Till Cancelled orders get executed during after hours?
How can I make a wire transfer as a credit card purchase?
Is it legal for a landlord to report a large payment to a tenant using Form 1099?
Dividend yeild per unit
Transfer money from "inherited" land sold outside US to the US without income tax?
How to find companies' Form 10-K annual reports? Why might a company not file one?
Bank offer to refinance mortgage. Are they beneficial for the homeowner?
How much of your base salary does this pension plan pay out upon early retirement
Which is wiser, to investing in 'good' companies with lower expected return value, or to invest in 'bad' companies and use the surplus for charity?
I'm 23 and was given $50k. What should I do?
Are junk bonds advisable to be inside a bond portfolio that has the objective of generating stable income for a retiree?
Is it wise to invest in bond fund when interest rates are low?
What to do with extra money when company doesn't offer 401k
Can a buy market order be matched with a sell market order in Forex trading?
buying a stock while the price is going down, and buy it at a lower price
Bitcoin Cost Basis Purchases
What is an "undervalued" or "overvalued" bond?
Why real estate investments are compared via "cap rate"?
If Sears is canceling my account that hasn't been used in years, will it hurt my credit score?
Shorting diluting stocks
Can Per Diem deductions include family travel, meals and housing?
Is selling put options an advisable strategy for a retiree to generate stable income?
Credit Card Interest
Non-Resident W-8BEN Form reason code
Recovering from HSA deposit coded to the wrong year?
Does bull/bear market actually make a difference?
How much impact does employment have on credit score?
How do I understand this wire instruction?
How does inflation rate affect debt payoff strategy?
Colombian citizen working for a small US company from abroad
RSU or regular stock awards
Why is the breakdown of a loan repayment into principal and interest of any importance?
Old 401(k) Provider Change
Deductions greater than Income : Traditional IRA to Roth Conversion?
Phantom Bank Regulations
Can I prove having savings without giving out the account number?
I want to exchange UK Pound for Indian Rupee
Set off computer against tax liability
Beginning investment
How can I tell what is "real" Motley Fool advice?
Allocating money for investment
Should I pay off my mortgage, begin retirement savings, or build my emergency fund?
How is my joining bonus taxed if I am not in the work city when I receive it
Buying gold/silver bullion internationally
Paid appraisal by credit card but found out at closing it was just a portion?
Can I use my long position stocks as margin for my short sold stocks?
Do buyers of bond ETFs need to pay for accrued interest?
What indicators should I look for when investing in various stocks or funds?
Why do stock brokers charge fees
Why does the IRS allow tax-deferred growth in a VUL?
Claiming tax loss after selling US mutual fund using specific lots
Why SUM(PMT) is not identical to FV?
When is open mortgage better than closed mortgage?
Fees and delays in getting physical stock
Earning salary from USA remotely from New Zealand?
How to get underlying stock from ADR
Currency Market Question
Most Efficient Spending Habits To Build Credit Given My Circumstances
Selling my share of a house
In India Is the profit earned from investing in SIP for less than five years interest free?
Can you register your car in a different state from your residence?
What to consider when opening a 529 account
Should I invest in the world's strongest currency instead of my home currency?
Why don't companies buy back their own (cut-price) debt?
Non-US citizen receiving money from US company?
How long do wire transfers take?
I have an extra 1000€ per month, what should I do with it?
Does a U.S. citizen have to give up his credit cards and bank accounts when he moves abroad?
Should I be added as a driver on the insurance for 2 months?
How can I set up a recurring payment to an individual (avoiding fees)?
Adjusting a value for inflation each month using rolling 12-monthly inflation figures
Can anyone else make an online payment for me?
How do I read technicals for tickers that move together but are slightly different?
Why don't SPY, SPX, and the e-mini s&p 500 track perfectly with each other?
REIT vs Real Estate - 4 Considerations
How do dividend reinvestment purchases work?
Multiple hard inquiry for a single loan from car dealer?
Should I continue to invest in an S&P 500 index fund?
Shorting stocks: Indicators that a stock will drop?
How to measure systematic risk of a stock?
Looking into investment bonds for the first time- what do I need to be aware of?
What risk would I take by filling out a W8 or W9 for a firm that asks for one?
How does payment of interest work when an account has a maximum balance?
Determining where a business has its primary listing
Calculating Federal Income Tax
Safe ways to get reimbursement (North America)?
Do home loans ever have a limit on what can be paid toward the principal?
How to reduce deduction amount in salary
What to be done if company does not provide Form 16
Income tax on money transferred in one year, but received in the next year
What is the point of state pensions topup
How to calculate new price for reverse split?
Are Australian mutual fund fees large compared to US?
How to Start Investing
Do US Series I Savings Bonds have CUSIPs?
Hypothetical: can taxes ever cause a net loss on otherwise-profitable stocks?
US company Warrants issued in Europe
High frequency trading
What legal action can Paypal take against me if I don't pay them and I have a negative balance?
Short Term Strategy For Maximising Savings AsAlternative To ISA
Is there an ETF/index fund respecting my individual ethical preferences?
Depositing a second party check for $10,000
Transfer money to HSA and then withdraw after paying for expense
Improve credit score by removing adverse account
Capital gains is often taxed twice?
Can a bank make you convert your HELOC into a loan?
Paying estimated taxes in a quarter with losses
How much time should be spent on Penny Stocks Trading a day?
Can I reclaim VAT on U.S services such as Domain hosting?
Why do people invest in mutual fund rather than directly buying shares?
What documentation is needed for receiving gifts, and how many may you receive per year in the US?
Student Loan for International Students in the US
Stochastic Oscillator for Financial Analysis
Using IRA to pay off federal parent plus student loans
Webshop - where to pay taxes?
Vanguard S&P 500 Mutual Fund has an average of 10% annual gain for any given period of 20 consecutive years?
Income gross-up calculation
What forms (S-1, 8-K, etc) and keywords in news headlines signify dilution?
Will getting a second credit card from Citibank lower my average account age on my credit report?
Are there any drawbacks to using Fidelity for your primary banking account?
How to account for future claims to savings account?
Why buy insurance?
How do I make a one of payment to my HSBC credit card bill with a HSBC debit card UK
Definition of basis and cobasis in a chart
Why does a ETN that is supposed to track Crude Oil like UWTI show constant decline every year? And am I an idiot for investing in it?
How can I find out what pension formula a new prospective employer uses before joining the company
Is the earliest retirement age set by candian government or by the employer
How to execute a large stock purchase, relative to the order book?
Coin counting machines in UK bank branches
Roth vs. Whole Insurance vs. Cash
Can I open an IRA as a US citizen living outside the country?
How to avoid maintenance fee when balance drops below minimum?
$10,000 to invest in the house - Pay down principal or spruce up to increase appraisal?
At what point should I go into credit card debt?
Institution As A Retirement Account Beneficiary
ACH processing time of day
Beyond RRSP deductions, how does a high income earner save on taxes?
Does contributing to company pension take away from RRSP contribution room
What prevents investors from buying high yield stocks and selling them as soon as their dividend is paid out?
Calculating returns across multiple securities and time
Is it possible to recharacterize an IRA twice?
If I invest on overseas markets will I receive in different currency?
home loan part payment with emi effect - revised emi amount?
Dollar Cost Averaging (Or value averaging) vs Lot sizes, what am I missing?
Austrailian tax resident earning salary in the UK - how much tax do I pay on foreign income?
Do numbers in an account number represent anything?
Is life insurance linked to mortgage always a good idea?
Why is my unreduced retirement date same as the normal retirement date
Do you still get CPP/OAS if you live outside Canada
Who are the consumer credit reporting agencies in Canada?
Why can Robin Hood offer trading without commissions?
Are "credit freezes" possible in Canada?
Credit freezes aren't available in Canada. What options are available to protect against identity theft?
How to budget for monthly bills on weekly pay and "Continental" shift pattern with varied hour rate?
How can I build up credit using a credit card?
Income Tax- Short term Job in Vietnam
What are the benefits of doing a "cheque exchange" when contributing services-in-kind?
For dependent care benefits, what's the dividing line between "camp" and "music lessons"?
Transferring money to India from UK?
Transfer money from China to India
Can I send USD from US to Savings Account in Indian Bank
TurboTax Made an Error - Should They Pay?
Would this be a wash sale?
Best way to do savings in India?
What is the tax savings for charitable giving when you have both ordinary income and capital gains?
Does a car lease count as a car loan for credit reporting purposes?
Which are assets? Which are liabilities?
Retirement as arbitrage of the tax system
When are disability benefits through an employer sponsored plan tax free?
I co-signed a car but I am listed as the primary account holder for the loan
Paying all at once or paying in installments on new purchase?
Loan repayment calculation and monthly compounding interest problem
What to do with copper coins in Australia
Will my India based Visa debit card work in the USA or do I need a chip based EMV card?
Can I pay for my wife's hospital bill from my HSA?
Ex-dividend dates for Nikkei and Dow Jones on CFD and Spread Bet Markets?
Why does the introduction of chip & pin appear to be so controversial in the United States?
How do insurance companies calculate cost of replacement, specifically for a bike?
How can I get more interest than the 2.8% my bank is offering me on my $60,000 AUD?
Can I transfer the warranty of an item to someone else when selling via craigslist?
Single, worked part-time job all year while in school, recently got full-time job but continue the part time job on side
how to show income from paypal as export income
Should I ask credit report companies to remove old info?
Can I remove a legit negative from credit report?
Can time invested be considered capital?
My mother's name is on my car title, how can I protect my ownership of the car in the event of her death?
Where to find CSV or JSON data for publicly traded companies listed with their IPO date?
What should I do with my money?
Value vs Growth: are start-ups value companies or growth companies?
How do I bring money overseas?
divorce,house,etc
Schedule E: What "Type of Property" do I use when renting out a room?
Do mutual fund companies deliberately "censor" their portfolios/funds?
Stochastics indicator reverses prior entering the oversold/overbought zone
How does liquidity affect currency price while trading
What is the ticker symbol for "Vanguard Target Retirement 2045 Trust Plus"?
Calculating long intervals of Interest
long-term disability question what plan to pick?
I'm 18. How to build good monthly income at my 20's?
Should I avoid month-end for my foreign salary payments?
US Filing Status when married to non-resident foreigner in the US
What are the tax benefits when maxing out your 401k?
What will be my Provident Fund withdrawal amount for 8 months?
Savings or mortgage overpayment
How to get capital gain tax of 2014 refunded based on the capital loss of 2015?
Understanding stock market terminology
Why does 'further borrowing' always mean permanent extra mortgage accounts?
Advantage of having credit card from the bank I have a checking account
Withdrawing money from services like Betterment
Why is K-1 business income taxed at 50%?
Is it really possible to save money by giving to charity?
Is it possible to borrow money to invest in a foreign country?
Should we expect agent to figure out permit situation with home?
How to calculate Price/Earnings - Price/Sales - Price/Free Cash Flow for given stock
ESPP compounding strategy and taxation?
Calculating long intervals of Interest with Simple Interest Formula
Why can't online transactions be completed outside of business hours?
Gift Taxes , transferring money from USA to Philippines to my daughter
Excel formula for calculating interest rate of earning
Buying out a sibling's portion of inherited real estate
when you have a joint bank account who pays the 1099-INT taxes?
Further Understanding of Wash Sale Rules
What can I do as a co-signer?
Who is the first owner of newly issued stocks?
What are the tax etc. implications of giving a friend's company an interest free loan?
A home loan refinance problem
Stock trading from a Cash account, living abroad and United States tax implications
Is technical analysis based on some underlying factors in the market or do they work simply because other people use them?
How to value a bonus when evaluating a job offer?
How to maximize Social Security benefits when working spouse retires at 62 and other spouse are 67?
How do I *legally* access money from a "qualifying account" per UK "Overseas workday relief" rules?
Investing $10k capital gain short term or long term in Canada
How do I analyse moving averages?
Mortgage monthly payment increased by bank to avoid escrow account shortfall
Stock trading models that use fundamental analysis, e.g. PEG ratios?
Ex-pat investing in the UK
Superannuation drawdown for non-resident
IRS CP2000 Question
Financial considerations in buying out siblings on inherited house
Should an independent mobile game developer incorporate a business?
Investment options for f1 visa students in USA
What would make a Centurion Card's fees financially worthwhile?
Closing credit card to increase limit on another
How to prevent misusing my Account details
Taxes due for hobbyist Group Buy
What was the "bucket shop system"?
How to invest in Vanguard index fund for non-us citizen from overseas
What will happen to this life insurance policy obtained just before a possibly terminal diagnosis?
Paid off credit, how do I position myself for a mortgage application?
Where do I pay tax if I am a UK resident but work remotely in Malta?
Transferring money from Foreign Account to NRO Account in india - is it taxable?
What is good growth?
Recourse with Credit Card company after victimized by fraud?
Want to buy Wells Fargo to Offer $1B in Preferred Stock
Annuities-with deposits and withdrawals
Should I sell my stocks when the stock hits a 52-week high in order to "Buy Low, Sell High"?
Why ever use a market order?
What can one derive, when a near month Index Futures contract price is trading lower than index spot price?
Obtaining Pound Sterling Cheque in US to pay for family history records from England?
What do I tell the payroll company so that I can put 100% of my salary into a pretax 401k?
How can I resolve the IRS letter about owing tax on cancelled debt when I did make credit card payments on a payment plan?
Is it wise to advise the use of an SEIS or VCT to offset a one-off large tax bill?
Do Massachusetts residents pay tax on capital gains due to sale of foreign property?
Credit Card Points from Refund
What would be my tax liability in Zurich, Switzerland?
Robocall claiming to be IRS saying they are about to sue - Is it legit?
How can I detect potential fraud in a company before investing in them?
First time home buyer. How to negotiate price?
How to exercise options when you they're worth more money than you have?
I'm cashing in 30k in mutual funds, what should I expect for my taxes?
Is it sensible to borrow from a 401K to fund an IRA (traditional or Roth)?
How does a debt consolidation loan affect my credit score?
S-Corp partnership startup. How to pay owners with minimal profit?
Is this a realistic plan for living on a weekly paycheck?
Is it true that more than 99% of active traders cannot beat the index?
Online demat account for stock market
Online accounting with Stripe/PayPal transactions
How does a defined contribution plan work
Why do car rental companies prefer/require credit over debit cards?
Can merchants tell the difference between a secured or unsecured credit card?
Return of Capital and Non-Cash (Phantom) Distributions for U.S. ETFs
Do I have to pay security social taxes when I withdraw from my 401k?
Professional tax for employees - startup in India
What are the risks of Dividend-yielding stocks?
How do currency ETFs track the spot prices? And which amount one has to invest for full hedge?
Is it possible to remove and replace a cosigner?
What does F[YY]e mean in reporting
Canadian Citizen - Worked in USA - Now in Canada - Should I be filling a W9?
In today's low interest environment, is it generally more economical to buy or lease a new car in the US?
Finding Return Of Capital distributions on BlackRock's site
Info about managment compansation schemes in publicly traded companies
Quickbooks 2013 and higher no longer import Capital One
Child Healthcare costs - Statistics by age
Why does Yahoo! Finance report different prices for the same index?
Do those who invest large amounts of money in stocks pay typical brokerage commissions?
Find out if I have recurring charges to my accounts?
Is it possible to transfer money overseas as a surprise?
How do I hedge properly against inflation and other currency risks?
Can a nonresident alien with no income deduct moving expenses that incurred in the year before employment?
How do I notify the IRS of a new member to an LLC?
Isn't the subtraction of deprecation and amortization redundant in the calculation of Owner's Earnings?
Maximizing credit benefit of paying off my partner's student loans
Use of Electronic Wallets
HSA contribution with post-tax money
ESPP stocks taxable in US after moving to US from Singapore
How do I best time my currency conversions between Australia, New Zealand, and Great Britain?
Is it still possible to "sign over" a check at Bank of America? How else can I cash a US Dollar check?
Given my limit order and the ask price, what do I really pay for my stock?
Is my "retire young" strategy a sensible one?
Estate settlement question regarding paying promissory notes
Can I claim FSA/CDCTC for expenses for a day school where my wife works?
Where can I get AEX historical data - Amsterdam?
Why my tax calculation (SA302) doesn't show my dividends through a service company?
Using Roth and Rollover IRA for home down payment
When filing for an NOL, do you have to file the amended previous years' returns after the NOL return?
Exercising Options before expiry?
Getting my first credit card - do UK companies have a fixed charge for owning a credit card?
Does a small business need to register in every state its clients might be in?
What happens if my credit card balance decreases after the monthly statement published?
ETF's for early retirement strategy
Does exposure to financials in corporate bond funds make sense?
Home warranty policy is not in effect
Home Office Rent Expense Payment via C-Corp
When to register for a bank account for a C-Corp with no official money
Using cash back rewards from business credit card
if a check is in your son's name in c/o you does it have to be signed by your son
Is it safe to have pension plans with an insurance company with a strong brand but not-that-good credit rating?
Will mastercard cover 3rd year of warranty on iphone with apple care?
What's the difference between investing in Index Fund through and not through a IRA/Roth IRA?
Should I invest my signing bonus in my old company's 401(k)?
Is there any state tax (California) advantage to putting money into a limited purpose FSA versus putting it all into an HSA?
Direct from manufacturer auto purchase? Smart? Dumb? Possible?
Taxes on returning a signing bonus
Buy on dip when earnings fail?
Increasing PE ratio good or bad?
Wisest option to pay for second career education
Charging sales tax for goods sold out of state?
Working for a US firm from India: How much tax do I need to pay to India and how often?
No trading data other than close for a stock on a given date
First salary in the UK not being taxed
Is it prudent to sell a stock on a 40% rise in 2 months
How should I distribute my savings?
Do zero percent APR offers help build positive credit?
Use relatives bank account for my paycheck
Are 'per trade' fees charged on every order or just once per stock?
Can I deduct the cost of LASIK eye surgery from my taxes?
Card to card transactions
What causes stock price to differ from the real time data?
What to do with monthly surpluses?
Resolved: Why is the IRA contribution limit $6,500 in the examples provided on the IRS website about the subject?
Taxes after moving to USA from Canada
What do the suffixes on stock symbols indicate
Sending money to India from the United States
When does it make financial sense to take advantage of employer's tuition reimbursement program?
Stock dividends effect on dividend received by shareholder
What is insider trading exactly?
If I create software that can identify and predict insider trading, and I use that to trade, am I insider trading?
Do I have to pay taxes on income earned abroad?
Events that cause major movement in forex?
Why do people buy new cars they can not afford?
Insider trading in another company?
A co-signed car for my husband isn't showing up on my Husband's credit. How can I improve both his and my credit records?
Can you pay off lease early?
Is home address required for online payments
How does paying off a car lease early work?
Why are stop order called "stop" when it is in fact a "start" condition?
How is the obamacare tax credit calculated?
What is the difference between buying the same stock traded on two different exchanges?
What happens to my Social Security benefits if I work less than 10 years in the U.S?
NRE account tax
Which types of insurances do I need to buy?
Can a retired person be co applicant of a home loan?
deposits of post-dated checks in the bank, which the bank will deposit on the deposit date?
Why does PayPal rely on bank card to send money to friend instead of using my bank account?
Why link both a bank account and a bank card to a PayPal account?
How to rescue my money from negative interest?
What retirement accounts are available without age based withdrawal penalties?
Why do I get a much better price for options with a limit order than the ask price?
Selling recently acquired personal items in order to pay down debt?
What's the most correct way to calculate market cap for multi-class companies?
Do Americans working overseas pay state taxes?
Under 18, loan possible?
Buying a house (not for investment) - options?
Will paying off an old $8 collection hurt my credit?
Employee discount on auto sale, possible to profit from?
What is the process of getting your first share?
Monthly money transfers from US to Puerto Rico
Why is gold not a good investment?
Can I donate short-stock to charity?
Do pending transactions count towards credit utilization?
If both spouse employers offer dependent care FSAs, can I use both for the same child?
Are employer gym reimbursement benefits taxable?
How to invest a $1000 in an index mutual fund?
Why do I see multiple trades of very small quantities?
Do I have to declare these non-cash profits for income tax?
If one owns 75% of company shares, does that mean that he would have to take upon himself 75% of the company's expenses?
Is CLM a stock or an ETF?
Can PE ratio of stocks be compared to other investments?
Can credit card company charge interest even if all the bills are paid in full by due date?
How to handle currency redenomination in gnucash?
How can I effectively save a lot of money for retirement when a 401k is not available?
When buying a property without using a realtor as a buyers agent, can you build a discount of the buyer's agent commission into the contract?
Dollar cost averaging an expensive asset
What's the process to buy an old house to tear it down and create a new one?
How to find EUR/JPY chart for particular date and time
First 401K portfolio with high expense ratios - which funds to pick? (24yo)
Buying a flat in Spain for using it as residence
W4 Two-Earners Worksheet Divide By Number of Pay Periods Remaining?
Taxes for citizen of EU country #1 living in EU country #2 and working from home for non-EU country #3?
Should I get another credit card?
60% Downpayment on house?
Calculating Simple Portfolio Returns with Rebalancing or Adding/Removing Securities
IRA after tax withdrawal taxes
What are some examples of unsecured loans
Dual coverage and HSAs
Rent or buy with 0 down
do i have to pay taxes if i own a business in mexico and live in the usa?
Tax exempt (EEE) options for tax saving in India
Newbie question - Brokerage and selling shares
Resident sibling paying property taxes until inherited house sale--financially fair/appropriate?
VEF/USD trading option
How a Russian citizen can get money from her US bank account?
Basic understanding of bonds, values, rates and yields
Living and Working in different states than resident states
California resident, Delaware C-Corp - Taxes for 1-person software freelancer?
Accidentally contributed to a dependent care FSA instead of health/vision FSA, what are my options?
Can you buy a certain section of a house?
Obligation to file US tax returns if I have 401k and Health Savings Account
advice for which debt to pay off first
What does it mean when Share price and volume sales aren't negatively correlated?
Buying something online in canadian dollars with us dollars
How do we decide where to pay back debts when someone dies without a will and has both Credit Card Debt and Debts to Family Members?
India : Income Tax not submitted by my ex employer
Inflation Adjusted Price of Home Relative Value
How is Social Security tax levied for people with incomes above the cutoff?
how an order is matched after a fill?
Do i need to pay Tax in India as well?
How does Wells Fargo can detect my right account if I have multiple accounts when I am transferring money?
What can I do to pay off Summer Tuition balance?
Can you order a bank to stop a pre-authorized withdrawal?
How to transfer money more cheaply from Hong Kong to Canada, without HSBC?
If I have a sole proprietorship making under $30k, can I register an HST account but not charge HST?
New EIN when adding managing member to Wyoming LLC
Adding spouse to Wyoming LLC as managing member
Where did you learn banking related concepts?
Checking the math on a Truth-in-Lending Disclosure
Taking Losses To Save On Tax
What can I do to passively generate income?
Would betting on fallen (blue chip) stocks be a good strategy?
How to locate a lost 401k that I can not find?
What does "writing down" the value of an asset imply?
Why does a company's stock price affect its ability to raise debt?
Details on opening a small corporation in ontario
How to choose a year end date for your Ontario small business corporation?
Should I buy ~$2200 of a hot stock or invest elsewhere?
Can I write off (deduct) expenses in a period where my corporation makes no money?
How much in CPP contributions do you pay when you are an independent contractor?
Car lease payment went up after moving to new state
Can a the mortgage holder force a sale when the other deed holder has been paying 100% of the mortage?
Can Mutual Funds Invest In the Start Up Market?
As a young adult, what can I be doing with my excess income?
Section 24 - Home loan interest benefit - Ambiguity to calculate 3 years construction complete limit on home loan disbursed in installments
Lost receipts in move... what if I'm audited?
Argument against small-cap investment
Time of CIBIL score update?
Calculate price to earning and price to sale value for given dataset
Why is OkPay not allowed in the United States?
How to negotiate when you have something to give back?
How to estimate federal and state taxes likely to be due on my side income?
Emulating a 'long straddle' without buying or selling Options?
401k withdrawal process timeline
Can I apply for an ITIN without filing a tax return?
Does credit card declined negatively impact your credit score?
Why might Social Security employee deductions from paycheck vary across pay periods?
how stock market sale work?
Add-On CD Formula
Claiming business expense from personal credit card
Is Aspiration Summit too good to be true?
How is the time-premium on PUT options calculated
Can I deduct two years of IRA contributions in the same tax year?
Gnucash creating transactions for wrong account in import
Why are Key Statistics for the same company different on various sites?
What public company form or annual filing is similar to U.S. SEC's 10-K but for the United Kingdom?
How/where can a U.S. resident buy recently issued Chinese 3-month Treasury bills?
Should I Purchase Health Insurance Through My S-Corp
How to Handle State Taxes Between MI and FL?
Can I claim exempt on my taxes if I invest what I would pay in tax?
hardship withdrawal
Query about Personal Accident cover
I inherited cash and am deciding whether to save, pay off debt or invest
Is it possible to make money by getting a mortgage?
What is cheaper annually -- buying shares in a Vanguard index fund or buying shares of an ETF?
Sister-in-law sold property in another country and wants to send a large amount of money to me
Is it better to have gold cfd contract or real bullion gold bars?
Do index tracker funds (ETFs) typically pay dividends?
What to consider when loaning parents $50k to pay off investment property
Are ACH transfers between individuals possible?
Proper/best way to loan money to a family member
home co-ownership, one party can pay off their share of the mortgage, the other can't
Can my friend send money (from a different country) to my NRE account?
My payment has been voided by the merchants but money wont show up on my credit card
If earning as freelancer, is it better to be a Sole Trader or Limited Company?
Interest rate movements and business decisions
How to mitigate the risks of buying a stake in a company
If I cash in a U.S. treasury bond before maturity, do I lose out on the difference in face value and purchase value?
Can I set aside money for child's education so it will be safe in divorce?
Do you pay income tax to the IRS when using a Square reader if you don't meet their 1099-k requirements?
Taxation of shares
Which bank is my Discover card through?
How does revenue shared with someone else go into my tax return in Canada?
Calculation for Hypothetical Short Position
In the U.K., can I deduct coffee as a business expense if I work from cafés?
Corporate Equity Draw vs Income
Credit history when buying a property
31 years old, single, zero debt, engineer making 80k/year, saving 1k/month. How do you get ahead?
Checking whether a private company is a subsidiary of a public company
What happens to your spouse's sole proprietorship if they die?
Income tax exemptions for small business?
If you don't file a tax return, when will the IRS file a "substitute return"?
What things are important to consider when investing in one's company stock?
Taxation Law when paid in Chickens
How do you calculate the annualised return of your portfolio from the annualised returns of each of your funds?
Are there are widely accepted criteria on when a fund is under-performing enough to exit it?
What percentage of my money should I invest outside my country?
What fraction of one's portfolio is safe to invest in a single mutual fund?
Is there a minimum limit where a limited company can pay zero corporation tax?
Name of investment where capital guaranteed?
Possible to file W-4P "retroactively" for annuity early withdrawal?
Did I get screwed in taxes on a mutual fund dividend payment?
Service in 2014; Billed in 2015 for Balance; Can I pay from 2015 FSA Funds?
Most important skills needed to select profitable stocks
Can money paid to an independent contractor be split among subcontractors as deductible business expenses?
Paying credit card debt with student loans
What information is sent when a company requests my credit report?
Australian retirement (super) for permanent residents leaving Australia permanently
Are car insurances in some states (in USA) typically sold for 6 months at a time?
Is it possible to get a credit card with a $0 limit?
As a married couple, should we get separate health insurance plans or share a single one?
Car insurance in USA & allowing a relative to use the insured car full time
Future Value of an annuity
Lost job a week before closing with a mortgage. Options?
Why would a stock price raise above an initial tender offer price?
Is This A Scam? Woman added me on LinkedIn first, then e-mailed offering me millions of dollars
Starting a new job. Help me with retirement/debt planning please!
Pay bill now or later?
What are the disadvantages to borrowing money for energy conservation measures / solar panels?
Canadian transfer
What return are you getting on your money from paying down a mortgage on a rental property?
Overpaying on mortgage - How is term reduction calculated?
Cheque payment from NRE account to another person NRE account is it possible?
Cashing out equity in mortgage to pay for another one?
Best way to get my credit rating higher?
When amending a tax return to include a futures loss carry back, are you not allowed to include a Schedule C?
How did this day trader lose so much?
Is it a good idea to rebalance without withdrawing money?
As a Sole Proprietor, will "employer" Solo 401k contributions count towards gross income?
US payroll / tax question for non US citizen/GC holder living abroad
Can i purchase property on equity?
How do I calculate what percentage of my portfolio is large-, mid- or small- cap?
Are there "buy and hold" passively managed funds?
How flexible is the loan industry?
What is the step-by-step process of transferring money from India to the UK?
Strategy to offset a big one-time windfall or gain/income for tax purposes?
What can I do when the co-signer hasn't paid anything on the house in 7 years and now they want money?
Are there any hedged international funds in India?
Car won from overseas in contest. Taxes?
Effective returns on investment in housing vs other financial instruments
Is there such thing as "no VAT" or is it just 0%?
Testing my ADX calculator
Evidence for Technical Analysis
Berkshire Hathaway and Covered Calls
Taxes, Puts and the Wash Rule
How safe are liquid funds?
Can I sell section 54EC infra bonds before maturity?
What has been the worst return ultra-short-term funds have delivered?
Is it normal that US Treasury bills(0.07%) yield smaller than interest rate(0.25%)?
Any Tips on How to Get the Highest Returns Within 4 Months by Investing in Stocks?
How do we remove an ex-girlfriend from a car loan?
U.S. tax on a business owned abroad and the income from its sale
Tax after sale of rental property that was converted from primary
Are there any recognized retirement plans / IRA accounts that also allow me to trade in stocks/options
gnucash cashflow reports - different years side-by-side
Options vs Stocks which is more profitable
Should I contribute to a 401k if I plan on moving abroad?
Should I have more than one brokerage account?
What's the deadline to contribute to a Roth IRA
Why buy bonds in a no-arbitrage market?
How to maximise savings?
Submitting my property for section 8
Yuan USD Option
Do developed country equities have a higher return than emerging market equities, when measured in the latter currency?
What is the name of the financial service that holds deposits for an exchange?
Implications of freelancing as an independent contractor from India for a U.S. company?
UK - Month 1 Week 1 - How things are calculated
What exchange rate does El Al use when converting final payment amount to shekels?
On a W4-P form, can I specify a withholding amount greater than the payment (due to early annuity withdrawal)?
Should a SIP as spread out as possible, or minimize time spent by money in savings accounts?
How to have a small capital investment in US if I am out of the country?
Why do Australians get charged more for Internationally available Goods and Services?
Credit report verification questions not applicable
How to record “short premium” in double-entry accounting?
Why do dividend reinvestments not match my calculator?
Tax management while working with freelance website
How to check the paypal's current exchange rate?
What taxes do I pay for working an event in Mexico?
How Secure credit card Increase Cibil Score?
Strategy for investing large amount of cash
Lowest Interest Options for Short-Term Loan
Debt management lawyer?
Why is it better to pay the life insurance money into a trust?
how much tax return I will get as I have stayed 183 days in US
Tax laws pertaining to day trading of agricultural futures
Is there a cheaper way to get money from a Chinese bank account to an Australian bank account than using the bank's SWIFT service?
How can I just pay for my order when dining with friends at a restaurant?
Best personal finance strategy to control my balance
Investment in mutual fund in India for long term goals
Currency forward rates
How would I compute the difference between purchase and lease-to-purchase offers?
Military personnel funds transfer scam
What does it mean "sell on ask" , "sell on bid" in stocks?
Legal Obligations for Forced Direct Deposit
What's going to happen to my delisted ADR shares?
How can I help my friend change his saving habits?
should I get a dental implant before the end of the year?
Money transfer to US from NRE account
How does TDS on FDs work?
Are AAA private-sector corporate bonds safer than government bonds?
Received an unexpected cashiers check for over $2K from another state - is this some scam?
Investing in ETF/Index-Fund Twice [401(k) and Individual investor Account]
Demat & Trading account will reduce Cibil score?
Is it unreasonable to double your investment year over year?
Correct way to calculating interest accrued with leap year
What for is Equity account in GnuCash?
Would it make sense to sell a stock, then repurchase it for tax purposes?
Inherited IRA for minor in interest-bearing federally insured account? Do any financial institutions support this?
Transfer of foreigner's US real estate to US citizen child
How can I find out what USA Medicare would have paid?
bid/ask bid volume/ask volume and tick data
What evidence exists for claiming that you cannot beat the market?
What numbers to look for investment returns
Can someone else put up the collateral for a loan?
Trading intraday fluctuation vs. volatility-based option
Does the history of credit utilization affect FICO score?
Personal Loan without CIBIL check?
Why do retailers in Peru have different POS terminals for Mastercard and Visa?
How does FSA work in case of change in employment?
What is the interest rate on my US Savings Bonds?
When is employer 401(k) match not worth it?
Do brokers execute every trade on the exchange?
Best(mostly cheapest) way to buy international shares(mostly US) from Australia
Best mortgage options when you have less than 20% downpayment?
What is special about an ETF that is "not an investment company" under the 1940 Act, and what is important to keep in mind when buying such an ETF?
Stock Exchange in US
which state tax?
My girlfriend has never owned a house, I have, can she get a help to buy isa?
Zero volatility stocks in intraday trading in India
Singapore Index Fund(s)
When can we exercice an option?
Using financial news releases to trade stocks?
What determines deal price on stock exchange?
Reducing taxable income in US in December
Supplemental Property Tax Assessment (Article 13A) California
Why invest for the long-term rather than buy and sell for quick, big gains?
How come the government can value a home more than was paid for the house?
Compounded Interest on Mutual Funds
Intrinsic value of non-voting shares which don't pay dividends
strategy for the out of favour mining sector
How much of my spendable income should I set aside for travel and tourism?
UK tax self assessment:- how to report currency gains from between when a cheque is issued and cashed?
How to incentivize a real-estate broker to find me a cheap house
My broker is dragging his feet. Can I contact the realtor directly?
Why are there income limits for Roth IRAs?
Should I pay off my house
Buying Whole Life Insurance with adjustable term protection at 27?
GnuCash: Reimbursable expenses paid by credit card
Applying for "Help to buy" ISA. Asks for TIN number. Should I worry? (UK)
Options for Cash only Buyout due to Company Merger
What happens when a company that has a whole lot of stock decides to turn back into a privately owned company and someone does not sell their stock?
Why do I not see goods and services all change their price when inflation is high?
Can I file married filing separately if I already have a Roth IRA but no conributions?
Cons of withdrawing money from an Roth IRA account?
Should I change 401k investment options to prepare for rising interest rates?
Which Earnings Figure for Graham's "Stock Selection for the Defensive Investor"?
How to recalculate an amortization table after making a large payment?
Do ETF owners buy and liquidate units from the market when gap between market value and value of underlying shares is large?
Are we eligible for a traditional IRA contribution this year?
Max out 15% tax bracket with IRA distribution for retired couple
Can I evaluate the performance of a company using just OHLC data?
What does the IRS standard deduction amount mean?
What are "equity assets"?
Do I need to declare the Rental Income from property in India while filing US Federal Tax?
What is the best way to combine old and new Investment 401k?
International Stockbroker
Company publishing Standalone but not Consolidated financial results
Credit card for low CIBIL Score?
Question about order
Making arrangements to pay my mothers late property taxes
Options tax treatment
Is there a way to see a particular organization's 501(c)(3) application?
Are Dodd Frank rules applicable to all loan types?
Should I Pay Off my Student Loan Debts First or Invest in an Index Fund?
Would parking at a parking lot near or in my residence prevent me from paying for it with my transit FSA?
First Mortgage - Finding a Lender
UK income tax relief on pension contributions (higher rate)
Would it be advantageous for me to pay off these two credit cards and cancel them with a 401k loan?
IRR vs. Interest Rate
Turning 30 and making the right decision with my savings and purchasing home
Cheap alternative to wire transfer
When are funds available for a withdraw or to trade after a Futures /ES Emini contract? T+3 settlement
Evaluating ACA health insurance options
Borrow from American 401k from Canada
Would cross holding make market capitalization apparently more?
Do I have to use the entire loan amount?
Questions on CDARs
Open a UK Bank Account with Tier 2 Work VISA
If I win the lottery, what is the best way to secure this money?
Understanding bid and offer prices in CFD's
Why adjust for inflation annually, as opposed to realising it after the holding period?
What is my pension worth?
Buying shares- Stocks & Shares ISA, or Fund & Share account?
Is there a way to roll over short-term gains and avoid capital gain tax
Do matching contributions under SIMPLE IRA apply to IRS 93-27 and 2001-43 distributions
is a forced sale of company stock during Acquisition taxed at short or long term gains
Why is tax being paid on my salary multiple times?
Long term drip (dividend reinvestment plan) stock
Are there tax implications of refund of overpayment from HSA?
Saving into 'Help to buy ISA(s)' with partner
How to get rid of bad credit cards without impacting credit report
Marriage Tax Benefits
How safe is a checking account?
Company changing 401k providers in December, will I lose my dividends?
3 loans under my name, 2 are fixed, one is a declining balance interest loan. Which to pay first?
Why should a company go public?
Why compare asset performance using returns, instead of using change factors?
Actual Cash Value (ACV) of a remodeled mobile home
What happens to a call option in a cash/stock acquisition?
Insurance coverage for a difficult to find vehicle
T-mobile stock: difference between TMUSP vs TMUS
Numerous large student loan balances: Pay down principal or refinance to 5-year loan
minimize personal property coverage on homeowners insurance
Simple Interest to Compound Interest
How to file tax return when doing a backdoor roth conversion?
Calculating an annual inflation rate from monthly data
US Taxes: How does the foreign earned income exclusion affect Roth IRA contribution limits?
Can a non citizen who lives abroad but has paid SS tax for 40 quarters get the benefit?
Please Define this FHA Loan Requirement
Should I spend upon medication or paying my debt?
BoA Closed my Accounts and Froze my Funds. How can I get money back besides cashier's check?
Incorrect FICA withholding by my employer
can you collect social security if you're over 70 and are employed?
Analyze a security using Benjamin Graham's Defensive Investor Criteria
what is the point of the part b late enrollment penalty?
Where should I exchange INR to USD, in India or US?
How websites like Google have access to stock market data?
Recouping costs of remodel/addition
Can I make modifications to my health coverage enrollments after 30 days after joining my first company?
Do building owners own 100% of the building?
Does rental income count towards Roth IRA phase out range?
Should I rollover my pension into an IRA?
Is capturing a loss a unique opportunity?
Formula to determine readiness to retire based on age, networth and annual expense
Are wash sale rules different for stocks and ETFs / Mutual Funds?
Why do banks insist on allowing transactions without sufficient funds?
Extra salary against London costs?
How to calculate mutual fund return
Does The (US) 'First Time Home Buyer's Credit' Still Exist?
Can running a side business (sole proprietor) at a loss along with a full time employee job help reduce total taxable income?
Stock Certificate In two names
How secure is my data in the hands of a financial planner?
Basic questions about investing in stocks
Is it adventageous to expedite my wedding before the new year for tax savings?
Making money through CFD
Unemployment Insurance Through Options
Credit Unions vs Bank Mortgage
What's the problem with simple EMA-crossover strategies?
What to do with south african currency free fall
Does a mutual fund's return include fees?
can you give a contest prize to a kid as a way to avoid paying taxes?
Investing savings in the UK vs Australia
Monetary instrument written to two people which if uncashed is sent to third entity?
Cosigned on a loan. If I pay loan off, are purchases now mine?
Opening a Roth IRA account, what is the fee structure for Vanguard, Scottrade and TIAA-CREF
No health insurance wants me, what to do?
Abroad good credit as minor supplement for U.S.-based credit bureaus and their algorithms?
How are unmarketable market orders (other side of the order book is empty) matched with incoming orders?
MM account disappeared after NetBank failure. How to recover funds?
Mastercard - No password for online transactions
Is there any reason to not refianance my student loans once I graduate?
Why is the bond market tanking?
How can I calculate an employer 25% contribution for a solo 401k in advance?
Are lottery winnings taxed based on the ticket date or the redemption date?
What amount of money can a corporation spend on entertainment
Can you depreciate assets differently between Federal, State, and Local?
Credit Disputes Refund & Credit Fraud Refund
How do booking agencies avoid credit card fees
Converting from semi monthly to Bi-weekly
Is it possible to deduct mortgage interest if you aren't named on the mortgage?
Will I get taxed on reimbursement of my new home allowances
Foreign Earned Income Exclusion - Service vs. Product?
US Salary Transfered to Indian Acc and Tax Relation
Least unsafe investment vehicle that meets or exceeds inflation?
Employer added health insurance premium to my T4 Income statement
Penalty for cashing out HSA on permanently leaving the country?
My bank account shows my earned income as a fund transfer rather than as a salary
How can Cost Basis be greater than the Amount Invested?
Can you claim a loss for tax purposes if you "swap" mutual funds within the same mutual fund company?
Do you use the Cost Basis or the Amount Invested to compute a gain/loss for tax purposes?
Paying off student loan or using that money for a downpayment on a house
Should I early exercise unvested ISOs when the FMV is above the strike price?
why do energy stocks trade at lower prices compared to other sectors?
Is eliminating debt smart when considering a home purchase?
what happens if you don't start collecting social security until you're 75?
How to do a direct cash flow statement given a stock ticker
How can I legally and efficiently help my girlfriend build equity by helping with a mortgage?
Can loss from one US business offset income from another for tax purposes?
Can I Claim Social Security If I Live Abroad?
Does Capital Gain tax free amount include other earnings?
Can I transfer money from a personal pension to a SIPP, while leaving the original pension open?
How are RSU's factored into Income during loan qualification?
Should I consolidate loans and cards, or just cards, leaving multiple loans?
Cash out 401k for house downpayment
Why can't poor countries just print more money?
Independent contractor working abroad for US company - Is my income taxable by US?
What are overnight fees?
Can I use an HSA to pay off medical debts incurred before the HSA was funded?
What is the required taxation if a website is programmed in the Netherlands and the customer resided within the USA?
Does the starting balance of an account affect it's rate of growth?
Can I deduct penalties for late IRS filings?
Where can I find closed dates for the New York Stock Exchange for the coming year?
How would I account in GnuCash for me and another entity contributing to a joint account?
Tax deduct rental property expenses in future
Investing Superannuation Australia
I only know folio number and do not have any document regarding my share
What's the best way to update US federal tax withholding rates each year?
home loans and title problems
If I pay my partner an allowance, does she need to pay tax?
Is a 401k contribution fair game for cost cutting?
How can I make a one-time income tax-prepayment to the US Treasury?
Should I replace bonds in a passive investment strategy
How can "fund performance" and "unit values" go in opposite directions?
HSBC - Can I make international transfer in my account's currency
How to report house used for 100% business?
How to convert coins into paper money or deposit coins into bank account, without your bank in local?
US Citizen living abroad and working for a US company - do I qualify for FEIE?
Help to buy ISA (UK) eligability
What should we consider when withdrawing a large amount of money from a bank account?
Options profit calculation and cash settlement
Saving up for an expensive car
No 401k available, max contribution for IRA and Roth
Should I invest when in debt?
Greencard holder can open a bank account in another state other than the one she resides?
How to transfer thousands of dollars ($7000) to a friend?
Might it make sense not to look into debt that is in collections?
Should I accept shares as payment?
gift is taxable but is "loan" or "debt" taxable?
Using Square to transfer money to my personal checking account
Withhold additional amount instead of claiming
Using a Roth conversion ladder in a 401(k) while also retaining backdoor Roth IRA conversions
Why is property investment good if properties de-valuate over time?
Should a strategy backtested against three years of tick data continue to produce positive results?
Is there any way to do Automatic investment in ETF?
Metal price web site with silver animal on it?
Is it the right time to start the homebuying process?
Ongoing Automatic Investment Fee
How do I calculate the starting balance required
Does girlfriend have too much savings, time to invest?
Why do people always talk about stocks that pay high dividends?
Stocks in India, what is the best way to get money to US
Has NAB CEO taken up his entitlements of new shares early this year?
Do stock prices really go down by the amount of the dividend?
Does MER of a given product (say ETF) ever go down?
Can a non dividend-paying product (say ETF) suddenly start paying dividends?
what is difference between stock and dividend?
What remedies exist for damaged credit score relative to collection agency?
Friend may owe outstanding taxes from previous year?
What is the preferred way to set up personal finances?
Taxes on capital gains and dividends for non-resident alien
How does investment on goods impact the risk of portfolio?
Maximum transaction amount on debit card (USA)
When are stock trade fees deducted?
Non-owner car insurance and registration
Downside to temporarily lowering interest rates?
Investing for family
Question regarding Schedule 13D
Using Index Returns in Retirement Investment Planning
Can i know the place where we can buy the stocks and bonds?
Can I open an investment account in the United States as a Green Card holder?
How to transfer Brokerage Account from USA to Canada?
Someone deposit money in my account for business but Bank of America says it's unauthorized
Is it possible to block previously authorized ACH access?
Is the IRS open December 26?
How do I pay taxes on daily fantasy winnings?
how late can i put money into an IRA and still have it count for 2015?
Who can I get to help me roll my 401(k) into an IRA when I live overseas?
If I send money to someone on student visa in USA, will he need to pay taxes on that?
What should I be looking for when applying for a credit card?
Should I buy stocks of my current employer because of its high dividend yield?
Should I use EIN for business once it changes structure from Partnership to Sole Propietorship?
Is tax owed on money sent to India through an NRO account?
How can I compare the risk of different investing opportunities?
Is it possible for US retail forex traders to trade exotic currencies?
Do nonresidents of Canada have to pay income tax on interest income earned in Canada?
My "credit limit" is now a "credit access line". Does it matter?
Where do I pay income tax and how?
Hard time keeping money in the bank
In which situations is it better to consider a loan instead of paying cash?
How do government bond yields work?
Want to pay down principal on student loan, but AES says no
Why do UK banks require monthly "pay in" into current account?
Is having "credit" needed for a young adult's prospects?
Must an annuity provider payout a lump sum on an inherited annuity without charging fees?
Harmony Gold Mining Company is listed on the NYSE and JSE at different prices?
Can I switch mortgage of a house to a different house?
Tax situation for UK citizen working remotely in France but getting paid in GBP by a UK employer
Understanding the personalized Rate of Return
Is anyone using Monte Carlo Sim Analysis for Retirement Strategy?
5 year rule on Roth 401k to Roth IRA rollover containing converted amounts
Why does the Order Validity matter when selling shares?
Endorsing a check made out to me by depositing into another person's bank account
Advice on preserving wealth in a volatile economic/political country
Bankruptcy: how are cars with car loans (and negative equity) and lease cars handled?
What kind news or information would make the price of a stock go up?
Are automatic Dividend Reinvestments (DRIPs) subject to Redemption Fees?
Can I open a Help To Buy ISA if I've already opened a cash ISA this year? Are all HTB ISAs Cash ISAs?
Ok to use U.S. Visa gift card internationally?
OAS And spouse's allowance
When is an IPO considered failure?
social security benefits when widow remarries
Resources on Buying Rental Properties
Most effective Fundamental Analysis indicators for market entry
what does "private equity structures" mean?
Steps and timing of the SEIS investment (in the UK)
Transferring proceeds to USA from real estate sale in India
How to read a chart on bond price?
Is it better to pay credit card bills through the online bill pay service offered by my bank or from my credit card's website?
Contracter with day job - limited company dividends
Why Demat/Stock Market Brokers don't support Credit Card Payin
Gnucash: How to track similar expenses in two currencies appropriately?
Do I need to report a capital gain/loss for stock given as a bonus and already taxed?
Why do dishonour fees exist?
ACA subsidy while unemployed
I have around 60K $. Thinking about investing in Oil, how to proceed?
Taxes on qualifying dividends when reinvesting
Historic variation in FTSE100 total market capitalization as a proportion of the FTSEAllShare total market cap?
Foreign tax credit relief UK. Tax paid or allowed by treaty?
Anyone know if IG or Plus500 are scams or not?
How do you calculate return on investment for a share of stock?
In Canada, does liability auto insurance cover damages caused to the other vehicle(s)?
Set different trigger and sell price for Trailing Stop Limit
How do leveraged ETFs (index tracking) set intraday pricing?
What does the "upgrade" from a credit limit to a "credit access line" really mean?
Death and Capital Gains Taxes (United States)
Is any credit reporting agency less likely to remove a disputed item than the others?
Is medical expense of a guest injury tax deductible?
Transfering my wife's personal allowance - Zero tax?
Is it worth investing in 401(k) if a company doesn't do matching?
Non-EU student, living in Germany, working for a Swiss company - taxes?
Home ownership or renting
What are p_ask and q_ask columns in .csv trades log file?
Use a 529 plan to escape taxes of investment property sale
What is the current substitute for the Value Line Composite Index?
Definition of "U.S. source" for US non-resident alien capital gains tax
Mastercard purchase protection benefits for stolen items
Mexican Index Mutual Funds
Budget for an Internship in NYC?
Prize Money, Taxes and Foreign / International Students
Personal Online Money Saving
Should I overpay to end a fixed-rate mortgage early?
Does buying and selling a stock OR holding onto it make a company look better?
Being a 1099 for a company I part-own?
$200k in an IRA, unallocated. What's the safest investment?
Joint or separate IRA from 401(k) and 403(b), for couple moved abroad
Extra amount credited to my foreign currency account and mistakenly I spend it. What should I do?
ETF holding shares in itself
Any differences between rolling 401(k) versus 403(b) to IRA while working abroad?
Fundamentals Look Great, What Now?
How to invest in a currency increasing in value relative to another?
Deduct travel expenses for summer internship
How do you calculate ETF yield when accounting for expense ratio?
What's the logic for the length of service (employment) criteria for mortgage applications?
Contemplating using MetaTrader to trade on Forex
Is there any downside to opening credit card accounts and then leaving them inactive?
How do I calculate Future value adding fund charges?
How much will I potentially receive from grants?
What is the meaning of Equal Housing Lender? Do non-banks need to display it?
What is Inflow and Outflow of money in the context of ETFs
What range of fee should I expect to pay a provider, to convert 401k or 403b to IRA?
What explains the enormous increase in gold price in the early 21st century?
Embossed prepaid Mastercard
What does 'Maximum load' usually mean when associated with a Bank account?
Are reimbursements from company taxable,and do I need to deduct them?
Provident fund - first job
What is down -34% in stock terms?
How quickly will the funds be available when depositing credit card checks?
How are credit unions initially financed
Tax consequences of commodity ETF
NAVIENT Auto-Pay Amount Cap
How to trade fundamentally good stocks over the short to medium term?
Where can end-of-day data be downloaded for corporate bonds?
Tools to evaluate REITs
What would you say is the ideal percent of money per check should go into your savings account?
What is it about company performance that causes the perceived value of its stock to rise?
Strange values in ARM.L price data 1998-2000 from Yahoo
Can I deduct the cost of software and/or computer that I need to do my job?
If I file as head of household, how does my estranged wife file? (USA)
Should I take out a bigger mortgage, or pay a greater cash deposit?
Why are profit/loss constantly adjusted in futures contracts if the goal is to protect against volatility?
Taxes and withholding on unpaid salary
Can I place a stock limit order to buy above the current price? Can I place a stock limit order to sell below the current price?
How can I find out how much a currency is traded?
Remote Contractor & Taxes
Should you bank with multiple banks? What are the advantages/disadvantages?
At what damage amount should I pursue a homeowner's insurance claim?
Can an LLC choose to be taxed as a partnership after electing to be taxed as an s-corp?
What happens to an index if one of its components fails?
What is the relationship between the advertised and cash jackpots for Powerball (etc.)?
What do the terms of this CD mean?
If you buy something and sell it later on the same day, how do you calculate 'investment'?
US Chase bank: "please confirm your residency status to avoid tax withholding"
Paying off a mortgage early
Cancelling a credit card when credit card company won't let you cancel? Who to complain to?
Show holdings as of a certain date in quicken on mac?
Buying a property for 3 years and then selling
How do I actually open a Roth IRA?
Is it possible to have multiple retirement accounts?
How does writing off a bad debt affect the balance sheet?
Are lottery tickets ever a wise investment provided the jackpot is large enough?
What explains high house prices in popular areas?
Does the Social Security taxable wage cap also cap payouts, not just contributions?
Calculating the Free Cash Flow (FCF)
Calculate APY revolving loan with offset/staggered payment schedule?
Impact of EIN on taxation
S Corp with Straddles Income
Federal Reserve Notes vs Coins
How to start investing for an immigrant?
Whether H1 B Non Immigrant visa holders are allowed to purchase Home in the US?
Will refinancing my auto loan hurt my mortgage approval or help it?
Can I find the name on this account
Stock options: what happens if I leave a company and then an acquisition is finalized?
Fringe Benefits (Lodging) for single member S-Corp
How long can I convert 401(k) to Roth 401(k)?
What sorts of accounts would handle a person's Powerball jackpot winnings?
Is there a credit card that won't get incorrectly tagged for fraud with international travel
Purchasing a condo vs renting when monthly payment is very similar
Open Interest vs Volume for Stock Options
Is it best to exercise options shares when they vest, or wait
Can I count a 2015 expense, if I paid the bill in 2016?
disadvantages of saving for home down payment through 401k or 457k
Occupancy Affidavit and Refinancing
Brent crude vs. USD market value
Cobra insurance for two weeks, do I have to actually pay? Or can I retroactively buy it if needed?
Section 179 Deduction vs De Minimis Safe Harbor
How to account for a customer-imposed processing fee?
IRS "non-resident alien" status vs. tax treaty definition of "residence"
Advantage of dropping PMI at 79% LTV with an appraisal fee
Online Bill Payment question
Why exists the exchange rate between countries?
Can a Company which is listed at OTC and TSX considered to be serious?
What is the Blue Line in these stock Charts?
Working out of India for UK company from 1 Jan 2016 on contract
What does inflation mean to me?
Using pivot points to trade in the short term
Need help working out what to charge/hr to meet my personal expenses
Municipal Bonds and Taxes
Can rent be added to your salary when applying for a mortgage?
Can My Employer Charge Me a Fee to Get a Mailed Check Instead of Direct Deposit?
Value investing
End of financial year: closing transactions
Rent Increase for Section 8 tenants
Tips for a 21 year old on looking to invest
Retirement Options for Income
Calculator for fixed mortgage overpayment plus regular payment
My pf no on salary slip is MH/PUN/ Can anyone tell me how can I get UAN no if combination for Maharashtra-Pune becomes PU/PUN UAN Member Portal?
Living with my parents and girlfriend, few filing questions
United States Treasury Not Endorsing Checks
Private car sale
Can I file early and use refund for last year's IRA contribution?
Should I do a Rollover 401k instead of a Rollover IRA because of the loan option?
Is dividend factored into Annualized return?
Do any exchange platforms offer the ability to activate a trailing stop loss when the price reaches a certain amount?
What is this type of risk-free investment called?
Limited personal checks for elderly father?
Spent part of the year as an employee, last quarter self employed, how to handle self employment tax?
Extended family investment or pay debt and save
How to determine if a school is 529 eligible
In my US tax return, Is it required to use 1095 forms for my tax return covering 2015?
I gave a scammer my name and address; what can they do with that information?
Effect of property tax reduction on sale price
Is it possible to shift taxable wages on a tax return?
Why issuing credit cards is profitable for banks?
How can I prove my ownership of government savings bonds?
Can I pay off my credit card balance to free up available credit?
How can I find an inexpensive studio or 1bdrm apartment in a safe, clean area?
Do I need to file schedule C if I had a net loss?
Is there a term for the situation where we will over-think small purchases, but not large ones?
Do you need to have insurance on an unused car?
Can I deduct moving expenses if I planned to work for a company for an amount of time but didn't?
H1B Visa holder - Transferring Lottery Winnings to India Legal or Illegal?
Receive Multiple Grants?
Starting a new online business
Am I legally allowed to offset the tax I pay on freelance work? (UK)
Tax Status: Second Home or Rental Property?
On company 401k matching. Clarification needed
I am an US immigrant before but left the country I would like to withdraw may 401k
Philiipine currency check to deposit in the US
Bank in another state asking family member questions about me upon opening a line of credit
Investment strategy for retired couple
Roth and Traditional 401k - Is it a valid strategy to withdraw from traditional for lower brackets, and then switch?
Paying Off Student Loans Early
How do I get rid of worthless penny stocks if there is no volume (so market/limit orders don't work) and my broker won't buy them from me?
Confused about tax year for income
Can U.S. citizens make sensible retirement plans while abroad?
How does Big Money work? (i.e. stocks, Enron, net worth)
Question about 1098-T Tax form
Does closing accounts lower one's credit score?
Buying shares in a company after you quit
Should I pay off my 401k loan or reinvest the funds elsewhere?
What does IRS Letter 96C Mean when they say, "Determined no action is necessary on your account."
difference in cagr and irr
Can I get 'True Copy' of my Passport from IRS offices through my friend who is visiting US?
What are the appropriate forms to file when using a mega-backdoor?
How do I calculate the modern-day value of pre-euro currencies (inflation correction)
Solution for sending international wires to international business customers on a monthly basis?
Errors that double entry accounting reveals
How do I close a bank account in the UK?
Immigrated from UK to US in 2015: do I need to pay income tax twice?
Transferring 10K+ from one bank to another bank domestically
What is a qualified IRA distribution for a first time home purchase?
Living in LLC owned rental property
Transferring money from One business checking to another business checking
Do real-time stock charts list the last trade price, or a short term average?
Do precious metals and mining sector index funds grow as much as the general stock market?
Doctor's office won't submit claim to insurance after 5 months
When filing US income taxes separately, who can claim new home purchase?
How do stock trades actually go through?
2016 Tax Allowance
Carry-forward of individual losses, with late-filed past taxes [US]
Rebalancing a portfolio
How is "money loaned to friend" classified on FAFSA?
Accumulated Capital Losses
Would investing equally in all 30 companies which comprise the DJIA net the same performance as the DJIA?
Is contango a contradiction?
UK Resident exploring freelance work for a Swiss Company
New car cash vs finance
My father has passed away and I want to buy his home
As an American living in Canada what should I consider in determining distribution between RRSP and IRA contributions?
What happens when you cash out an HSA?
Refinance a land loan into a mortgage loan
What is the tax rate/amount that I can deduct as an F1 Spanish national (tax treaty) on OPT living in the US?
Third party, who issues invoices in its name, instead of freelancers
Have I correctly calculated my takehome pay?
Contribution Principle for Insurance
401(k) not fully vested at time of acquisition
Is there an upper limit on the amount you can pay by cheque? (UK)
How to calculate a mutual fund's yield
Is credit score affected if an account is closed from whom I am an authorized user?
How to set California DE4 allowances based on federal W4 allowances?
Why is stock dilution legal?
At what point does a rate bait and switch become fraud?
Can I top off my IRA?
Does using a personal credit card pierce the corporate veil for single member LLC?
Pay off student loan or contribute to my 401k?
Personal checks instead of business ones
Stock grant and taxes
How to take off my name from Car Title in California
Can California state income taxes paid be itemized on federal income tax return?
I went to prison; do I file taxes for that period?
Have plenty of cash flow but bad credit
How do credit card companies make money from cardholders who do not carry a balance?
What happens if you contribute to Roth IRA but later find out that you are ineligible?
What documents are needed for taxes to qualify my adopted child who is blind as a child with a disability?
How religiously should Dollar Cost Averaging be followed?
When are payroll taxes due in the US?
When are partnership returns due?
How often should I pay my student loans?
What happens when they run out of letters?
How to take advantage of home appreciation
Accepting money for college tuition from US citizen
Why is the number of issued shares less than the number of outstanding shares
The Big Short - shorting vs CDS
Why do companies award stock as opposed to cash?
30, debt free and looking to invest $500-$1,000 a month
Stock grant, taxes, and the IRS
How to file form 8606 when doing a recharacterization followed by conversion?
Age 24, with $12k saved, in Canada. Should I invest or save for a condo down payment?
What's the difference between stocks and shares?
Is there a register that shows the companies with notifiable interest in a stock?
How to reach an apt going against inflation
Designating Beneficiaries
US tax handling of UK pension contributions
In India, what taxes can be offset against the taxes that you have already paid to vendors?
3rd party remittances to NRE/NRO account
Can I receive a small amount of money (<5$) without pan card on PayPal in India?
What happens if a person with life insurance goes missing and is found many years later?
Is it better to miss the dividend and buy the undervalued stock?
Are credit card compnies required to send income info to Feds?
Can a CEO short his own company?
Back in 2011 instead of form 565 filed 568 by mistake. How to fix this?
State Income Tax
How are stock buybacks not considered insider trading?
Why is google play charging money for books in public domain
Taxes: buy wedding ring in Oregon, but ship to California
Can I use myself as collateral?
Transferring money from the Philippines to the USA?
Selling property outside the US - gains are taxable, but how do they convert?
Do I need to file a tax return as a student?
Mortgage lenders asking questions about personal expenditure
What box on my W-2 correlates to my "earned income" for purposes of EITC?
Will the ex-homeowner still owe money after a foreclosure?
In the USA, why is the Free File software only available for people earning less than $62k?
Clarification on opening a Flexible Savings Account
Repairs to a house in order to rent it that were paid by the beneficiary, but is still owned by a Trust
Reporting closure of NRI/NRE/NRO bank account when filing US federal income tax
What's the best way to deal with the market swings?
Money transfer from Paypal to my blocked VISA card? Will I get the money?
Child Insurance Policy-if proposer is missing
How does the spread on an orderbook affect shorting?
Nationwide FlexOne internationally
GnuCash register reimbursements
Why would I not buy a bond for less than face value?
Do I need Personal Injury Protection if we have great health insurance?
Can I make money from the mortgage?
Tropical Trade Stock Trading
Calculating interest accrued for 30/360
Pay down a big loan or pay off a small one?
Is it wise to invest in a stock with a large Div yield?
What are the tax treaties between USA and India which I can mention in 1040 NR-EZ Item J?
Does FTB accept amended tax returns over Fax?
Estate agents faking offers on a property
Does our baby need to file a tax return?
Investing in a Condo or House
Opting my child out of SS taxes?
Are class action settlements taxable as income in the United States?
How big is the tax penalty for a dual income couple?
Why lower the deposit rate if it is already negative?
Repaying my Home Owners Plan
Should I use short term loans to pay for student loans?
Pension LTA (Life Time Allowance) limit criteria
Where to invest, that compounds interest more than annual?
Does a divorce decree automatically transfer the ownership of a car?
How does IRS deal with 1099s across accounting methods?
Should I use an NRE or NRO account to transfer money from India to the US? Any reports needed?
Downsides to Property Tax Deferral?
Remedies for Defaulting on a 401(k) loan
What to do if asked to insert a 4-digits security code?
Old -versus- New- Mobile Home that should carry Homeowners insurance?
Where can I get my unique taxpayer ref number from?
Suggested ways to save for a comfortable retirment in the UK given the lifetime allowance limits on pensions?
Taxation on income sending from Hong Kong to India savings account
What causes a stock to drop in price?
What should I do to buy small amount of shares?
Is there an accepted standard for how US tax system treat UK ISAs for expats?
I trade labor for lot rent on my live-in R.V. Can I claim any income to apply for EITC? Do I owe taxes? There is no money exchanged
Why Are Percentage Gains Used for Capital Gains Tax Calculations?
What effect would a company delisting from the LSE to move to china have on shareholders?
how do capital gains work if the property that you purchased was modified since it's purchase?
What currency does inter government debt take place?
How does FOREX trading work? trading vs exchanging
Social Security Disability to Social Security
Should I just stick with the funds that have had the highest long term returns?
Is there a term for total money owed to you?
Days present in the United States as J-1
Roth IRA recharacterization, earnings, and conversions
Tax: 1099 paper form
car insurance - 2 cars, can I have 2 separate NCD
How to calculate depreciation?
Advantages of Tax payments v Withholding for Capital Gains?
Where can I find historical P/E ratios for companies?
Is it ok to just report to 1 credit bureau instead of all 3
irs 941 - "wages, tips and other compensation" vs. "taxable social security wages"
What should I look for when looking for stocks that are 'on-sale'?
NYSE vs. Nasdaq - can I tell what exchange a ticker traded on, based solely on the ticker?
How do I buy shares in companies traded on the Taiwan Stock Exchange from the US?
How to transfer money from a paysafe card to Paypal or debit cards
How to pay remaining tax after notice u/s 139(9) of income tax act 1961?
company market capitalization to total (annual) stock market capitalization
Is paying off your mortage a #1 personal finance priority?
How can somebody cash my state income tax refund check?
Can I claim GST/HST Input Tax Credits (ITCs) on Uber, taxi, or limousine fares?
Can MOOCs be treated the same as university for taxes (US)?
Property Tax Deduction When Selling a Home
How to calculate how much house I can afford?
Refund went through AFTER I received my current statement?
Paying part of the mortgage before remortgaging
Is the financial advice on http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/ designed only for the high street consumer?
What's the folly with this stock selection strategy
How can I send money to someone from India to Pakistan?
How to find an optimum linear combination of various investments?
Tax year of HSA contributions on W-2
Filling up W8-BEN-E PART III
Using two health insurance providers?
What percent of minimum wage should I save from today,if I expect a certain percent of the then minimum wage,as income from corpus,after retirement?
What strategies are there for minimizing AMT?
Take Social security at 65 or spend retirement savings
W-4 and withholding taxes for self-employed spouse
Hedging against an acquisition of a stock
Cost of Title Insurance
Index funds with dividends?
Can my spouse and I file jointly if I have an HSA and she has an FSA?
The Purpose of Change Machines
What are the consequences of overfunding a 401k plan?
Smartest Place to Put Tax Refund
Yahoo Finance - Data inconsistencies between historic and current data
How do I determine how long it will take to pay off my all my loans?
Sell house in CO?
How to buy a house in the United States using money from a foreign loan?
Can your bank foreclose your house if you own more than 50% of the house equity?
Employer Tax Contributions Pre-Tax for Contractors?
Can you deduct mileage on your return trip home?
Update on peer-to-peer lending sites - buyback guarantee and secondary market
Salary earned in GCC, transferred to India, subject to Indian income tax?
Why is this stock price inflated by 70x its real price?
How do you read the W2 Forms?
Is UK income which is exempted in UK taxable in India
Bond strategies for a steepening yield curve?
Can a reimbursable medical expense be paid from an HSA?
Can I deduct interest and fees on a loan for qualified medical expenses?
Is robinhood backed up by an insurance company
What leverage do I have to negogiate reduced overdraft fees?
Checking fraud withdrawal with atm bank
Should peer to peer lending be part of a diversified taxable portfolio
What does this section about revolving balances in a credit card TAC mean?
Please help me decide whether to Roth IRA or pay off my underwater mortgage?
Got a budget for grad school with some extra cash. Add it to my portfolio, or use it for grad school?
I own an LLC, how should I go about contributing to a 401(k)?
How is negative gearing a good thing?
How Does The IRS Structure Payment Plans If I Owe Subjectively High Taxes?
Father retired a little early doesn't need 401k but should he move it to Roth IRA?
Saving/ Investing a lump sum
why do companies do a 1099-MISC at all?
How do I budget for bike maintenance?
Do international students in the US without income need to file tax return?
Stocks and Bonds in Roth IRA vs non-tax-advantaged
How do I file a 1040x amended tax return for a year that has already been adjusted?
Is there a global index for all currencies?
Where can I put savings for my kid that I literally cannot withdraw from?
When making a credit transaction, why does it take the transaction a couple days to clear, but it can communicate the hold immediately?
Help me apply Windfall Elimination Provision to my situation
In Canada, how bad must your credit be for a denial of a Secured Credit Card?
Healthy money saving tips for a young person
What do I enter for my "2010 HSA, less 2011-2014 distributions" when my HSA started EOY 2011?
Calculate Estimated Tax on Hobby Business LLC
How do ETF fees get applied?
How do I tie up an inheritance?
Advice on helping younger relatives to buy a house in the UK
Car dealers offering lower prices when financing a used car
Question About Tax Situation While Living Abroad - Need Advice
Balance transfer reward, is there a downside?
how do capital gains work if you don't know the original purchase price?
Why is it rational to pay out a dividend?
What evidence that reporting a small utilization (vs no utilization) leads to a better credit rating?
FBAR, just found about it. What to do?
Are gifted health insurance premiums tax deductible for the recipient?
To transfer money between banks, is it better to withdraw or deposit?
Emigrating from USA to United Kingdom
F1 OPT Visa Tax return queries
Questions on India income for US taxation
Is a robo-adviser worth the risk?
Efficient way to transfer money from Greece to Canada
Is there a deadline to respond to an IRS request for additional documentation?
Can we make traditional IRA deductions to reduce last year taxes if we have 401ks and I already contributed to a Roth?
Open an ordinary bank account in USD without setting foot in the US and without paying a single cent in additional fees
Can I be building a house with the bank forever?
Worked in two states for same company, state taxes look odd on W-2
How do I calculate the Present Value of a future amount
How can credit card companies offer a cash back program?
What is a reasonable amount of time to wait for a company to correct an incorrect W-2?
Should amended taxes be filed if refund remains unchanged?
Continue with old Health policy with current employer
How can I receive foreign funds in my account in an Indian bank which lacks a SWIFT code?
Can you deduct hobby expenses up to hobby income in Canada?
Moving to USA. Already invested money in mf?
Does paying more frequently on a simple interest auto loan save me money?
Why my bi-weekly salary after taxes doesn't sum up my yearly income
Transfer funds from Scotiabank to US account at Bank of America
Why do credit card companies want people with good credit scores?
Freefilefillableforms: after fixing rejection errors, will not accept 3rd submission
Question about dividends and giant companies
If I only have international health insurance will I be fined by not having Minimum Essential Coverage?
Pay off car loan entirely or leave $1 until the end of the loan period?
Will I be able to purchase land?
Using a Roth IRA instead of a college savings account
car loan but 2 people on title
Would I be taxed on a long term currency exchange?
Can I contribute to a SEP-IRA and a Solo 401(k) for the same business?
Can you transfer a Roth IRA to someone else?
Credit score impact of immediate card payments
Does the FFT of a price series hold any significance?
Can you combine multiple rental incomes and expenses for tax purposes in Canada?
Why does Yahoo Finance list the 10y T note (TNX) at 1/10 of CBOE and Google Finance?
How to report multiple currency transactions on T5008 (capital gains)
Loan to S-Corp cannot be paid back, how to deduct from personal taxes?
Real estate agent wants a loan introduction letter
Can someone steal my government check and cash it?
How do you calculate your "alternative tax net operating loss"?
Whats the best way to convert a contractor's rate to an employee's rate
What will happen if private bank goes bankrupt in India
Can I operate whole investing and trading in US stock exchange staying outside USA?
Why are Bank of America and Citi trading so far below book value?
How much does credit score matter?
I have a 2008 HHR under finance it needs a new engine
Is losing money in my 401K normal?
US bank offering Euro-based card?
Does a Roth 401(k) rolled into a Roth IRA count toward the annual contribution limit?
Best buying price on stock marketing based on market depth detail (CSE atrad tool)
Why is it important to research a stock before buying it?
Best way to make this transaction?
Predicting future expenses
How late is Roth (rather than pretax) still likely to help?
Germany: Employee and Entrepreneur at same time (for getting AppStore payments)
Will there be any complication at the time of withdrawal by opening Roth IRA as a non US citizen?
Is the need to issue bonds a telltale sign that the company would have a hard time paying coupons?
This is my pay stub. Am I paying too much?
Just got a side job - w4 allowances section
IRS Form FBAR FinCEN 114
Gnucash: How to find transactions of a specific amount?
Form 1040 Line 77(Year 2014) is empty
Can you get umbrella insurance from a different company from where you get your basic home/auto insurance?
Can I contribute to a 401k, Roth 401k and Roth IRA at the same time?
H1 B visa social security refund
For non-resident aliens, are US oil royalties classed as effectively connected income?
About late payment on the date April 18 2016
US NRI investing in India
Highstreet bank fund, custom ETF or Nutmeg?
Ways to take advantage of high/low currency prices
Understanding AOL merger in respect to employee RSUs
Mortgage payments
Is there any way to attach a statement of explanation while submitting a tax return electronically using Free Fillable Forms?
If a employers supposed to calulate drive time pay with your weekly gross pay
Is tax calculated on the final sale price of an item, or can it be deducted using the difference in two different prices?
Removing unused credit card from CIBIL credit report
Does my tax refund need to be as close to zero dollars as possible?
UK tax returns with expenditure higher than income
How to account for letting agent carrying rent over to next month's statement?
Do I need to fill state taxes from Puerto Rico for a forfeited 401(k)?
Is a seller obligated to agree to a Contingency Removal addendum?
What's the point of tax tables?
401k compound interest vs other compound interest
Consolidate my debt? Higher APR, but what does that actually mean?
Income tax on exchange rate profits?
With one checking and one savings, virtually divide into multiple funds?
At Vanguard, can I transfer shares from regular investment account to a Roth IRA?
Can I temporarily borrow from my IRA accounts?
Why is sales tax collected again when selling a used vehicle (or any selling any item multiple times)?
Why would I buy a bond with a negative yield?
Employer reported ESPP ordinary income on wrong year's W-2
200%+ return in 10 years from......bonds?
Repaying a mortgage early
Closing a store card I just opened
Medical bill in collections
Is it better to buy put options or buy an inverse leveraged ETF?
Amend 2010 Return and Add a New W2 to It
Can I realize a taxable capital gain on a mutual fund without selling any shares?
w-2 form shows two different localities and values for wages and local income tax withheld
Itemized Tax deductions by a Tax consultant H-1B Visa holder
Real Estate blind auction - who benefits?
Australia SMSF - using it to offset the interest owning on my personal home-loan
A guarantee on the conveyancing solicitors
Performance Figures
How do I track my spending on specific small-ticket purchases?
529 - Grandparent/Extended Family Contribution - New York State
Vehicle Title Requirements for selling a junk car
Why did federal taxes come out of my check when I elected 100% pre Tax 401k contribution
Consolidating TSPs: Military and Civilian
How much should I be taxed for a 1099 side job?
Retirement planning 401(k), IRA, pension, student loans
What should I do financially if I suspect a housing bubble is arising and might soon burst?
How to compute real return including expense ratio
How do I redirect my tax refund to a different bank account for direct deposit after I already filed?
Penalty on fixed rate mortgage in Netherlands
Why is a lot being marked as a wash sale when all lots of that security were sold at a loss on the same day?
Supporting Parents by Paying Monthly Payments Tax Benefits
Is there any reason not to combine my Roth conversion IRA with a Roth "non-conversion" IRA?
How gifting money to Parents helps in Tax saving in India?
Treatment of donations of appreciated stock to a IRC §501(c)(7) Social Club?
Income tax rebate on Housing Loan Interest for under construction house pending more that 3 years
Bartering Services
US tax question, sold foreign stock and after some time repatriated the money. How do I handle currency fluctuations?
Reporting Income Under $600 to IRS When No 1099 MISC Issued
Confusion over repayment of Advance Premium Tax Credit
ETF S&P 500 with Reinvested Dividend
Google market cap
Fees for depositing US social security check
Have you handled a Health Savings Account on your Alabama/California/NJ state tax returns?
How do I determine if my Canadian mortgage is a non-recourse or recourse loan?
Will a retirement account with more than $3,400 in it bar me from getting EITC?
How to find leverage for futures
How does compound interest work with multiple bank accounts and percentage limits?
Social Trading Platforms Basically Front Running?
How are bonds affected by the Federal Funds Rate?
'Category' and 'Budgetary imputation' in Gnucash
What are the "numbers of years up/down" in a mutual fund performance sheet?
How to accept payment when abroad in a trade show?
Taxes on sale of principal residence in Ontario
Does an individual share of a stock have some kind of unique identifier?
Putting borrowed money into an SIPP
How can I find out who the major short sellers are in a stock?
Young adult's first credit card - what to look for and what to avoid
How can I inform the collector that I have paid the landlord in full, to update my credit report? Will it help my credit score?
What percentage of each paycheck should a rideshare driver reserve for taxes?
How can I retrieve any weights from the portfolio on the EF?
Average Price of a Stock
Car as business expense, but not because of driving
Do I need to pay tax in USA for money remitted
How to avoid fees on 401k account when employer owes funds
When does it make sense to buy an annual rather than a monthly pack?
Filing Taxes for Two Separate Jobs Being Worked at the Same Time?
How is road warrior's income taxed?
Health insurance deduction on schedule C if also full time employee with w2?
What are the consequences of transferring US equities from TFSA to RRSP?
When I will see my self assessment paid tax on FORM 26AS
F1 student in US, correcting mistake in wrong tax form filed
Where can I find historic ratios by industry?
FBAR _ FinCen reporting - reporting of girlfriend
If I paid my credit card but it didnt post to my bank, will future payments go on this bill or my next bill?
How to know how much interest paid per payment in a fixed tenor personal loan
What are some countries which implement dividend imputation system?
Excess Roth IRA contributions and taxes
Evaluatiing whether it a smart idea to convert 401K's and traditional IRA's to Roth IRA's?
Double Taxation | Residency Status
Can capital gains or rental income be used for contributing to a retirement account?
Is the federal income tax taken out of paycheck too low?
Call option- premium fall with rise in spot price
What is the capital gains liability on selling two homes?
should I sue my employer
What is the land only value of my property
Why do stocks track the price of Oil?
State income taxes paid while abroad
When my credit card is charged, what information does the business recieve?
Motley fool says you can make $15,978 more per year with Social Security. Is this for real?
Capital gains tax on 1256 based options
Paying taxes on a boat purchase in California as a Washington resident
Opened an account someplace where I don't live
Do I need to use all of my credit cards, especially the oldest, every month to build credit?
Which bank is responsible if a fraudulent check is spent: the victim's, the scammers or the one on the check?
Foreign Gift tax in USA
Taxes paid in USA for sending money to parents in India
Gnucash ghost entries: missing Credit Card journal
Sending money from India to USA (INR to USD)
The penalty on early redemption of a personal loan
What would a stock be worth if dividends did not exist?
Why is EMV chip+signature gaining popularity over chip+PIN in the United States?
What are the risk of high dividend closed end index mutual funds ?
Student Loan Payment Plan
How do people/corporations get their money out of tax havens?
How to understand the status of my 12-year old, unpaid, $200k medical debt?
Divorce and Social Sec, Pension, and 401K
College funds - is it too late to open a 529?
Where do I find the exercise price and date for warrants?
Calculating theoretical Present Value
HSA excess contribution in 2015 moved to 2016 contribution, W-2 shows total amount including excess
Dividends Growing Faster than Cost of Capital
Why do some asset managers list on the stock exchange?
Can I buy stocks directly from a public company?
Can I claim the standard deduction being an Indian citizen and non-resident in USA for tax purposes?
Do you have to pay if you don't use a credit card with no annual fee?
Automatically get pre-tax funds in a self directed Traditional IRA
Deposit cash into US bank account
NR4 box conversion to a 1099DIV
Could my credit ratings have been hurt even if I use a virtual credit card?
What does "Settling your Debt" entail, and how does it compare to other options?
Earnings on Roth contributions are non-taxable. Is that as huge an advantage as I think it is?
Confusion about tax bracket?
Should I worry too much about saving my 20% down before buying my first house?
Do I qualify for Traditional IRA tax deduction based on Gross or taxable income?
Working as a freelancer overseas, but US Citizen, what is my tax situation?
How can MACD be calculated for intraday trading?
USA taxes for foreign contractor- FW8BEN FORM
Why do some institutions offer what seems like illogically high interest rates?
Is information on my Dependent Care FSA claim form shared with the IRS?
Can a person end up in prison for unpaid debt in the USA?
Are there any tax-advantaged retirement plans I can use if I'm a grad student with only stipend/fellowship income?
What is the difference between a bad/bounced check and insufficient funds?
Questions Regarding Part II form W-9S
Where to find Vanguard Index Funds?
How to properly do background check for future tenant in my own house?
How to calculate multiple debt payments with additional lump sum and varying additional monthly payments
Property purchased for residence abroad
How to get interest earned from start of repayment to a specific date on a declining balance?
How can I bet against oil in the long term?
Why are funds' transaction costs 1% of their portfolio turnover?
How much tax should I expect to pay on $1850 per month of PhD stipend in Virginia as an international student on study visa?
What Qualifies as "Business Deduction for Work-Related Education" Under US Tax Code Publication 970
Is it possible to have a debt in real money cfd account?
Error in my car loan papers, what do I do?
Keep spending money fixing an old car or buy new car
Are missed "estimated tax payment' penalties really enforced by IRS and FTB(CA)?
Is it possible to know the probability that a trade is successful?
Money transfer from India to USA
Form 1040 - where to place my stipend?
Shouldn't it be the person writing the check who endorses the check, not the depositor of the check?
How to calculate the effective interest rate of a loan that must be paid back with interest as lump sum
How much money should a "fully-funded" 529 account contain to pay for a student's education?
Must I go on a quarterly payment plan if I owe the IRS a lot?
What is the procedure for forcing a buyer to close escrow on required date?
Military member asks me if she can have money wired into my bank account but needs my social security number and bank routing number
Roth 401k withdrawal rules
Which Novo Nordisk ticker is most tax efficient in a UK SIPP?
Is usage of someone else's bank card allowed?
How to calculate take home salary in Sacramento, California?
UK citizen trading in USA?
Good/Bad idea to have an ETF that encompasses another
How to minimize over-withholding of taxes
Amending 2015 Tax Return?
Employer withheld FICA tax and now issuing a W2c form. Is it needed for filing tax returns?
Transferring Money from UK to India
How does H & R Block work?
Hobby vs. Business
How do I file for an LLC in Florida?
What is "eCheck", exactly?
Tax class change in Germany?
Why is my student loan balance not going down?
How should get my PPF fixed
What could be the best tax saving option before a month of financial year end
What are the requirements to gift $10000 from USA to my sister in India?
What does APR mean I'm paying?
Who are the "root" owners of assets?
At what point should I begin paying off student loans?
How can I get my ex-fiancee to refinance a co-signed car loan?
Why are there two exchange rates for Venezuela's currency?
How can I make money from an artist like Madonna doing well?
What are some motivating ways to track performance of paying back a loan?
Tax treatment of renovation costs and mortgage interest on a second house
I received a share of Apple stock. Now what?
Does out-of-pocket maximum still apply for out-of-network (not covered) doctors?
14-week internship in California: do I need to fill some income tax return form there?
Reporting of 1256 Based Options
Proper etiquette for loans from friends
Book keeping setup for real property depreciation
Would investing in commodities help me build my home?
Is there a way to see how much leverage a mutual fund or ETF is using to generate a return
How often should one's retirement portfolio be adjusted (rebalanced), and how?
Pass-through entity question
Transfer from Paypal account to NRE account in ICICI Bank
Use of Self Directed IRA for Lending Second Mortgage
Can I use a 1040ez if I filed an 83(b) for stock on a vesting schedule?
F1 - EAD OPT tax filing
What are the pros and cons of buying an item on installments with zero percent interest?
Money transfer from UK to Indian bank account?
Worked in 2015, got paid in 2016. How do I report my 2015 salary without W-2?
CFD market makers: How is the price coupled to the underlying security?
Will Indian young ones lose 18% of their EPF with new tax as per Budget 2016?
Are there any guidelines for having a low risk of getting audited by IRS?
Are mutual funds allowed to trade intraday in india?
Is it normal for brokers to ask whether I am a beginner?
E-shopping, the store refunds less money, how act?
Are UK banks supposed to be compliant with the 1st February 2016 SEPA BIC deadline?
High expense ratio funds - are they worth it?
Will I ever lose money if I always pay the credit card bill on time?
How to register obligatory social insurance?
I filed my 2015 taxes with 1040 using TurboTax, but I am F1 student. How should I file for amendment
Penalty paid on tax return do i need to amend/modify any changes online
US: House bought in Feb '16 and tax returns for '15
I moved from TN to CA in late July 2015. Do I owe CA state income tax on income I earned while living/working in TN?
My tenant wants to pay rent through their company: Should this raise a red flag?
How can I find the historical stock price for a specific stock on a specific date?
Reality show winner to Vegas bust, what's the math?
US: Basics of taxation of stocks
Tax return status for changing from F1-OPT to H1B
At what point does applying for more credit cause your score to rise faster than if you do not?
Advice on money transfer business
One Share Stock Reverse Split
perpetual bond that yields 0%
Managed IRA account
Will the stock market continue to grow forever?
Can you recharacterize an IRA distribution?
Do I have to file taxes in all states I lived in USA?
How to fund my option house account(trading account) from india using a local bank?
How do I find an ETF that is similar in investment goals to a given Mutual Fund?
Is there a way to get more money monthly and not a big tax return, but not owe?
Name order on separate to joint tax return amendment, only one filed so far
401(k) non resident alien -early withdrawal penalty 10%
Claim expenses incurred in 2014 during 2015 filing
child care expenses not taken into consideration by my tax consultant
tax deduction for 30k loan
Rollover 401k into Roth IRA?
Cash Advance causes recurring interest fee after paid in full
Double-entry bookkeeping: How to account for non-monetary taxable benefits received from employer?
Does a dependent with no income have to file a 1040x?
Is dividend included in EPS
Protection of sellers in public corporation under duress to sell?
Making a personal loan to my business from the proceeds of cashing out my 401k
Strategy for paying off 120k in student loans
UK: Gross Pay same as Taxable Pay? Am I paying too much tax?
Accounting Entry for Selling a Covered Call
Do I have to explicitly apply for claim of tax rebate u/s 87A in India
What is the difference between Uninsured Peril and Excluded Peril
In the donut hole of assistance, Should I buy a home?
As an investing novice, what to do with my money?
Why do some expiration dates have more open interest for options?
What kind of expectations can I have for summer place rental in California and how can I save as much as possible?
Why can you not have more than one car or homeowners insurance policy?
Is there strategy to qualify stock options with near expiry date for long term capital gain tax?
Moving between countries at the middle of Tax year to reduce progressive tax impact?
Reason to give for personal loan in USA to buy land in India?
When buying a duplex are current "cash tenants" a situation to avoid?
Choosing between an HSA and PPO
USA: Build credit score with second credit card - no history
How should I decide which bank or credit union is right for me?
Cash back at a grocery store; are there disadvantages besides those inherent in cash?
How disciplined are companies in sticking to the announced earnings announcement date?
Why is the room and board portion of scholarships taxable?
Normal for my 401k to be performing at -11% over the past 18 months?
Asking for a discount I was promised after I paid a medical bill?
Sale after accepting an exchange offer - is this a short sale?
Should one only pursue a growth investing approach for Roth IRAs
What are the most common additional fees (i.e. besides rent) landlords or property owners attempt to charge tenants?
Living abroad with Mexican insurance and HSA contribution
L1 visa: HSA account vs 401k plan
Advice on how to minimize taxes when selling US stock
Establishing $10K line of personal credit with minimal interest from zero credit score
How to ask my 401K management company to give me 1099-R instead of 1042-S?
How can I estimate future pension pot limit?
2014 Traditional IRA Contribution that was not Deducted
Ex Spouse selling home to me for less
How liquid is options market?
Credit score and paying my balance before the closing date?
Fiancée not on the mortgage but wants to be on the title
If I had no income due to a net operating loss, will I be refunded the Social Security and Medicare taxes withheld?
When is it worth looking at charitable remainder trusts?
If I pay my credit card balance immediately, will my credit score still go up fast?
Buying a house to partially rent out - what to consider?
"Breakeven" point for taxation on short vs long-term stock investments?
How do I clean up categories and tags for transactions in Quicken?
If Option prices are publically quoted on an options exchange, why do people use Black-Sholes to estimate their price?
Will the AMEX to CitiBank portfolio sale affect my credit score?
Disputing charge made with chip card
Canadian couple working in US, can I file using TurboTax, do I need to file an "FBAR"?
Corporate Finance
If I pay my credit card bill before the company reports it, will they always report zero?
W-4 was not updated when moving from part-time to full-time, still showed Tax-Exempt. What happens now?
W2 has shows only one state tax
To know if you have filed taxes before in Canada?
National deposit guarantee schemes
Need help understanding terms related to PPF (Public Provident Fund) in India
Do I need to save paper receipts to be able to return items?
How to get a mortgage loan with non-traditional employment
What are some factors I should consider when choosing between a CPA and tax software
Business Investment Loss from prior year
If I helped my friend to file taxes; can I represent her on a phone call with FTB?
What is actually "exclusive of tax" mean?
Figuring out eligibility for Substantial Presence Test
How FTB and IRS find mistakes in amended tax returns? Are their processes reliable?
Living in USA with a tourist visa
Returning to UK after £4000 worth of debt, could I be jailed?
Student Loan Balance question
How much can I deduct for moving expenses
Wealthfront tax loss harvesting + Vanguard target date?
Minimum payment criterion for credit cards
Should/How I pay tax return in US for last year even after I moved permanently to India?
What does liquidate my fidelity ROTH mean?
Nonresident for federal taxes / Resident for MA taxes: Do I get taxed on worldwide income?
What is the difference between an amortized loan and a non-amortized loan?
Cashing in Mutual Funds
Make a SEP contribution to a traditional IRA
Non resident or resident for an F-1 student in Arizona tax purpose
I incorrectly filed Form 8606 in 2013
PR Canadian working remotely to a US company
What is the formula for the monthly payment on an adjustable rate mortgage?
Lending to SMSF
What do I bring to an accountant if I own a house?
Can I claim Spouse Exemption if my wife was on B2 tourist visa?
IRS Form 5500-EZ (5500EZ). How to file late
Joint Property - single occupant
I am Swiss and have a bank account in USA that is blocked. How can I identify myself without travelling to USA?
Is the Personal Exemption included in the Standard Deduction?
Will my money be safe in my trading account during a market crash?
Using fiancée's money to pay off my student debt
Basic Algorithmic Trading Strategy
More than 5 years in the US, under OPT, can I use TurboTax?
A US citizen, working part time in Ireland, some earnings on Amazon.com. What to do about my US tax obligations
What responsibility does an acquiring company have?
What happens to an Earnest Money Deposit if underwriting falls through?
How does the debt:GDP ratio affect the country's economy?
Getting retirement savings back on track after 30
Are there any useful method to pick funds?
How to print account transactions for a time period in GNUCash?
Can one be non-resident alien in the US without being a resident anywhere else?
Can I make earmark or allocate 2016 401k contributions for tax year 2015?
How to calculate ownership for property with a partner
Filing 1040-NR when I have been outside the US the entire year?
Can an IRA recharacterization be unrecharacterized?
Forgot to renew Fictitious Name application within the county. What is the penalty for late filing?
Am I a first time buyer if I own a share of my parents property?
Comparison between buying a stock and selling a naked put
Personal Asset Protection - How to protect asset against a deficiency judgement?
Why is an alien not eligible for property tax refund if he is a dependent?
Few questions related to Balance sheet and Income Statement?
Google Finance Cash Flow Statement
Does a one time additional payment reduce the interest paid on a Prosper or Lending club personal loan
How will the after market affect the open of the market tomorrow?
How is it possible to go short using both sell stop-loss and stop-limit?
School didn't add tuition for spring semester to 1098-T. Can I still claim it?
Determining residency status for IRS with "closer connection" (Form 8840)
Present Value with annual effective interest question about theory
Should I buy a house because Mortgage rates are low
Good investment for capital gain
Can somebody explain "leveraged debt investment positions" and "exposures" in this context for me, please?
When should one use the new lifetime ISA in place of investing in pension?
Consider dividends in timing of rebalancing ETFs?
IRA contribution income limits different than deduction income limit?
Retirement Savings vs. Student Loan payments
Student interest loan deduction during year with residence change
compute the principal and interest for a specific month (period) on an amortized loan
How can I buy these ETFs?
Taxable scholarship is part of AGI. How do I calculate how much tax I have to pay?
How to handle taxes related to affiliate marketing?
Assessment year for ITNS 280 Challan
While interest rates are low is it better to take a short-term fixed mortgage or long-term one
Do self-employment taxes apply to hackathon prizes in the USA?
Is investing exlusively in a small-cap index fund a wise investment?
How can I get out of the debt-trap as quickly as possible?
Accepting high volatility for high long-term returns
Tax withheld by USA working in UK (Form 1042-S and Form 1099)
Why do transfers between your own accounts WITHIN the same bank take a business day to clear?
21 years old and saved up $20,000 from working. What should I do with it?
When a publicly traded company splits into two how are common shares fairly valued, distributed?
Selling a house with tax-free capital gain when receiving payment years later
Withdraw IRA Early to Buy a House
How much tax do I have to pay in Redmond, Washington form my Microsoft Research Internship income?
How should I deal with over-contributing to a Roth IRA?
Reflecting dividend reinvestment in 1099-b
If I make more in capital gains than I did in my employment, will I owe employment taxes?
NYC: Should I open a business to receive tax benefits for an app I built even if it makes close to no money?
Scammer wants details and credentials for my empty & unused bank account. What could go wrong?
Price movement behaviour before earnings announcements
Does a disciplined stock investor stick with their original sell strategy, or stay in and make more?
Coal Funds & ETFs With Non-US Exposure
Two 1099B for same stock
Siblings inherit a property
Do you have to file US taxes if you are claiming treaty benefits as a non-resident
Best book to learn about stock market and investing for an absolute beginner?
I-9 address while living abroad
Deposited a 1m Life Ins. benefit check to WF. Do you foresee any issue dividing it up in 1/4?
Foreign Tax Deduction vs Credit
How do annual risks translate into long-term risks?
How to do thorough research into a company to better understand whether to buy stock?
Is it advisable to go for an auto loan if I can make the full payment for a new car?
How can I deduct fraud-loss (occurred out side of the US) in my tax return?
Can I deduct child's charitable deduction from my taxes?
Savings on taxes when selling rental property
Which retirement accounts can my spouse spend immediately if I die?
What are the taxes in India on a transfer of a huge amount like US$10,500,000?
Dealing with Form 1099
What does it mean to find the Present Value of a FRA?
Tax refund return envelope - Should I stamp it?
Help Needed with scenario: Live in Florida / travel to New York what is my Tax Home, etc
Should I be disappointed with my investment returns?
What percentage of my company should I have if I only put money?
How to find a business consultant that would ensure that all your business activities are legal and compliant with all regulations?
How do you decide on your risk tolerance?
Where can I buy European-style options?
What is formula to calculate “In 5 years” amount on page 3 of the mortgage Loan Estimate form?
One million dollar in cash once or the ability to always draw a 5 dollar note out of your pocket (infinite times)?
Interest Rate vs. Annual Percentage Yield (APY)
Comparing Cost of Loans
Money transfer from Ethiopia to UK for tution fee payment
Using credit after statement issued -- but paying in full?
Compound Rate as a Function of Market Interest Rate
Does payment in goods count as "income" for tax purposes?
If I switch jobs to a lower tax bracket right before I retire, do I save on 401k taxes?
How do I claim Canadian EI received while living in the US on my US taxes?
Alternatives to mortgage for mobile expats
Pension + Pay Compensation Calculation
How do spousal social security benefits for a non-working spouse get calculated?
Advice for college student: Should I hire a financial adviser or just invest in index funds?
How do I calculate the past value of a loan?
Why is being "upside down" on a mortgage so bad?
Co-signing a loan with girlfriend. How do I protect myself?
Does a significant turnover of homeowners in my neighborhood directly affect property value?
Vanguard Hypothetical Growth and Dividends
How much money are you actually trading with options?
A lone income earner of 60 year old with 2 dependents: Should he buy Term or Permanent Insurance?
Wash sale rule impact on different scenarios between different types of accounts
TN VISA Tax+ Spouse F1 Visa Taxes
ESPP and payroll tax
What insurance (if any) should a 26 year old without income buy?
Can I cash out a French check in South Korea?
How will getting a second credit card from another bank impact my credit score?
H & R Block did my taxes, and I don't believe the results
Why does IRS propose to add in 1099-MISC income I already reported on Schedule C?
Why would parents, of a young adult without dependents, not profit from the young adult's Term Life Insurance?
For insurance, why should you refuse $4,000/year for only 10 years and prefer $500/year indefinitely?
Wage earners of age ≥ 60 with dependents: What Life Insurance, if any, should they buy?
Student loan repayment plan
Looking for cheap international bank to bank transfer in USD
Brokerage account for charity
How much will a short sale on your home hurt your credit?
Separated spouse filed for SNAP benefits as single. Does this affect ability to file taxes jointly?
Forgot to issue 1099-MISC form. Will FTB (or IRS) take away my business tax deductions?
using 401(k) to fund self-education
Are Speculative Shares safe?
What can happen if I do not pay $735 for my negative balance to PayPal?
RRP/list price/retail price and cars?
Sending Euro using USD paypal account that is funded via EUR CC/bank account
Initial investment in sole proprietorship
What kinds of charges/fees are there for NRI Home Loan from SBI?
Calculating Future Value: Initial deposit and recurring deposits of a fixed but different Value
Documents required to trade stocks
Living in Florida working remotely - NY employer withholds NYS taxes - Correct or Incorrect?
Global Income tax in India & tax credit
Calculating Annuities With Different Compounding Rate
How to buy US saving bonds if I am not American?
Looking for advice on my first investment
Foreign Exchange rules INDIA
Amending a Tax Return
Filled wrong answer for a question in a previous 1040NR form, do I need to send amendment?
Mortgage refinancing
Long Name Issues. Truncated on W2-C Form and Social Security card. How will it impact my Taxes and what should I know. (Full Issue in Description)
A non-resident alien writes a paid-for article for a US based publication. Is that US source income?
How does a reverse mortgage affect the owner's children, after death?
Setting up auto-pay. Should I use my bank that holds mortage or my personal bank?
Personal Loan or another credit card?
Unpaid claim by insurance patient responsibility?
Is there an advantage to a traditional but non-deductable IRA over a taxable account?
If the IRS asks for a proof for a medical expenditure, can we provide a scan, or do we have to provide the original receipts?
Can I take tax deductions for a second residence where my son lives?
Can I withdraw money from my rrsp if I made excess contribution by mistake?
What is the method to calculate pension adjustment as shown on a T4?
Is there any way to buy a new car directly from Toyota without going through a dealership?
If I contribute to a Roth IRA and then end up exceeding the income limit, can I withdraw without extra taxes or penalties?
Betterment on F-1 VISA and where to report 1099-B and 1099-DIV forms
I need a car for 2 years. Buy or lease (or something else)?
Any difficulties in doing deceased relative's taxes?
How much CGT due after moving and renting out primary residence in Australia?
State tax withholding election
Do i need to pay taxes if i stayed more than 183 days in financial year?
Tax deductible travel and lodging expenses
Is this money laundering?
How do student loans get split in a divorce?
Do I need to report my 1098t when filing taxes?
Should I keep the hail damage insurance payout for my car
Buying stock options in private company
What is the maximum gift values between joint households
Is there ACH analogue in Asia?
Inflation adjusted total formula for cost of mortgage
I just opened a non-deductible IRA, if I do a backdoor roth conversion this year, how do I contribute to the roth IRA next year?
Where are all those unsold vehicles?
SEP IRA across two tax years
If my business is under FTB audit, can I close my old bank account?
Can a 403b contribution be rescinded?
Same day Roth IRA conversion but lost some money -> How do I list that on my taxes?
Futures margin and physical delivery
How do I amend an amended tax return?
How much does it cost for a eviction lawsuit in Mumbai?
2014 charitable donation (via check); cashed in 2015; can I include on 2015 taxes?
How can I invest in an index fund but screen out (remove) certain categories of socially irresponsible investments?
Taxes Rejected when e-filing
Does a Whole Life Insurance policy for a child need his/her consent after he/she turns 18?
Can a shareholder be liable in case of bankruptcy of one of the companies he invested in?
If I believe a stock is going to fall, what options do I have to invest on this?
How do you find an ethical, honest independent insurance broker in Canada?
How do I file royalty taxes from abroad as a nonresident alien in the US
Diversify or keep current stock to increase capital gains
Co-Signed an auto loan with my ex, help
Generic Private Stock Purchase Agreement - Establishing Basis With IRS
When you transfer stock from one broker to another, is cost basis sent to the new broker?
