GUI Wallet and Daemon?
Start Daemon Not Working in my GUI?
How many total days are on the ledger?
MRL RingCT research in the Ledger Journal
Should one disable the Windows firewall for the Monero Wallet GUI?
Why does the daemon say that I'm now syncronized with the network while I'm still missing some blocks?
Wolf GPU miner using CPU?
What are the risks/benefits of mining on a pool using SSL/TLS encryption vs mining on pools with non-encrypted connections?
Is the GUI Safe for storing thousands of monero?
Is there a tool for making secure cold wallets?
Where can I find charts of Monero's price to dollar?
How to synchronize the GUI wallet using the blockchain bootstrap
Laptop has to go to service center - delete GUI?
Easy way to see my balance without having wallet synced
Attempting to get output pubkey by global index but key does not exist
How can I connect remotely to my own node for other devices?
Gui wallet seed imported into mymonero web wallet.Any possible security risks?
What's the difference between "balance" and "unlocked balance"?
How can I use Monero without syncing the blockchain?
GUI wallet did not receive transfer despite confirmation from shapeshifter
In the beta GUI wallet, what levels of mixin are offered by the sliding Privacy bar?
Is it normal that the daemon log in the GUI shows 290 days AHEAD?
Why did Monero start with an enforced mxin of 2 then plans to hardfork to enforced mixin of 4 later?
Is it true that a vendor can see my IP address if I send moneros via my GUI wallet without using Tor or I2P?
What are the advantages/inconvenience between using Monero with tor and with i2p?
Why did the total network hash rate drop by 50% after 0.10.1 release?
Is a cold paper wallet more secure than a cold wallet generated with the CLI or GUI?
How do I make RingCT transactions now after the recent hardfork?
Timestamp Question
What are precomputed blocks?
Why does Monero not softfork like Bitcoin does?
What's the difference between block height and block number?
Hardfork - Pool Failed to parse block
What is a mixin, and how does it work?
What are orphaned blocks?
Can the size of range proofs be reduced?
How can I improve performance of my pool?
How does RingCT increase in transaction sizes affect people?
Why does it take about 5 minutes for a transaction to register on the network?
Can someone help me read a block explorer?
With RingCT on, can I lower mixin safely to save on tx fees?
Two GUI Wallets: One Daemon?
Can cpuminer-multi be used for solo CPU mining?
pool updated payment is not normal
How long are unmined transactions kept in the memory pool?
Monero privacy features different from coin shuffling used in nxt/ardor?
Trying to migrate monero's from MyMonero to Cli wallet. MyMonero Offline because hardfork
Alert when transaction received in wallet
Wallet Portuguese seed words?
What are 3 types of Ring CT transactions?
Is it possible to create infinite coins in Monero since Monero is completely anonymous now?
What is the importance of the 25th word in a mnemonic seed?
how do I make monerod play nice with process supervision?
How will the range proof size reduction be accomplished?
How will users be notified of future updates to the beta GUI wallet?
As a pool operator how can I setup having my pool payouts be mined with a 0 fee?
Why can I not choose my own custom transaction fee? Does this affect privacy in anyway?
Why are the last 4 trxs in the mempool stuck?
How can I check if my node allows incoming connections?
Setup remote-connectable node?
How significant is the number of threads when mining? (I7-4790K)
Median block size calculation
Where is the mempool stored?
Verifying Tx to cold wallet
Are GPUs more efficient at verifying transactions?
What is the correct way to make a systemd service file for monero-wallet-rpc
How do fees affect tx priority and how did these specific high fee tx's sit unconfirmed for > 1hr
Confidential transaction shows amounts
Keccak vs Keccak-f permutation in cns008
Getting Monero GUI running on ubuntu
Lost monero money after switching wallets
Create bulk Monero addresses
How many confirmations to be sure a transaction does not end up in an orphaned block?
Why isn't safe sync mode enabled by default?
Where is the public key/output for the miner reflected on the blockchain?
Private key - implications of sharing and relationship to public address
Is it possible to add coins to a wallet that were never mined?
How can i specify in mining to only use 75% of my CPU power?
Why is mymonero.com blocked when using the Tor Browser?
How can I check if a key image has been imported into a view wallet?
Using servers to run nodes and mine
Estimated mining profits are overestimated
Has bandwidth usage or data transferred when mining or hosting a full node increased since the introduction of RingCT?
Is there any benefit to the network by running multiple full nodes from one location?
Can an output be used as a decoy after it has been spent?
Reward penalty: how to control the block size?
BLS Signature Aggregation
Can miners know when their pool mines a block?
Raspberry Pi 3, 64bit Suse and Monero
Has bandwidth usage or data transferred when mining or hosting a full node increased since the "introduction of RingCT"?
Monerod using all server bandwidth
Monerod not syncing past ~1200700 in TAILS - Segmentation fault
Monero pool configuration
Different symbols in monero full node map
Will Monero have unconfirmed transactions problems like bitcoin?
"waiting on daemon synchronization to finish" Issue
New GUI balance not showing?
Why does my Monero wallet refresh so slowly?
How do I install Aeon on Ubuntu?
Run monero-wallet-rpc in background in Ubuntu?
Understanding block reward calculation
Error Message: "Can't bind socket"?
Can you send Monero from an exchange to an exchange directly?
How to send XMR from Minergate to Poloniex?
Number of outputs included in a given ring size
What Happens When a Miner Doesn't Reach Minimum Payment Threshold?
Why does blockchain sync keep getting stuck?
Unable to import outputs
Tools to ease Monero source code pull request
Ability to return funds
What is a sweep input and how do they work?
What does the 'Sweep Unmixable' button in the current version of the GUI do?
Fastest way to sync and start using Monero GUI wallet?
Is there a tool that tells me if my transfer has been used by others in a ring signature?
wallet rpc call login parameter format please?
Has the testnet been reset with a new genesis block?
How long are mining rewards locked on testnet?
Help me with digest authentication using java
How do I start the GUI for a testnet wallet?
Synchronising Blocks on Wallet restore from Seed
I have the impression blockchain reorgs are more prevalent on testnet?
Fail to execute Monero GUI
How can I receive monero on my openalias address?
How can I put my Aeon in Cold Storage?
Failure when using XMR Stak CPU Miner on Linux
How to back up my wallet using monero core gui beta?
What is a disposable address?
Can I set up the GUI or daemon to use a non-standard blockchain location in Windows?
Energy consumed to protect the Monero network
Difference between Monero and CoinJoin
electrum seed word list for monero != official electrum wordlist (english): why?
Why are coinbase transactions locked for 60 blocks?
Longest orphaned chain
Does AEON offer a sweep transaction feature?
sc_reduce32 ... is it really supposed to be that complicated?
Pool setup on OSX for testing
Understanding monerod blockchain sync status
multiple watch-only wallet management: suggestions?
How would someone premine a direct fork of monero ( can it be done )
Transaction fees are very high for small transactions
Unable to spend from cold storage
Running CPUminer Solo mining without client dependencies
Do coins mined per day scale linearly with computing power?
Calculating the break-even time for new rig
Connecting Kovri through a VPN vs using Kovri directly
What are the best parameters for W0lf miner with a R9 380 GPU?
How to use tx-extra
Are AMD cards easier to mine with than NVidia?
How to prevent stack smashing on ccminer
Do cryptonight hash speeds mirror scrypt and SHA-256 hash speeds?
How to uninstall ccminer?
Smart contract privacy
Verifying an AEON transaction sent to cold storage
Why does my pool say my hashrate is lower than what my computer reports locally?
Is there a way to tell how many coins are currently generated?
monerod print_coinbase_tx_sum 0 100 Returns Unsuccessful --
Could a prediction market like Augur be built on top of Monero?
Understanding payment receiving concepts
How hard is it to create a monero wallet site?
Monero and ASIC miner
How to solo-mine Aeon?
Given a view key, can you see payment ids?
Can a transaction signed by a cold wallet be broadcast sometime far in the future?
Confusion over Monero Mining Software
wallet encryption
How are outPk, mask and amount fields created when spending RignCT coinbase transactions?
Monero MalwareBytes Blocked IP Address
After not running monerod for a couple of weeks, it throws me errors and closes before I can read them. What is my strategy here?
Difference between kovri tunnel types
Does the dynamic blocksize limit and penalty function lead to a tragedy of the commons?
Error with transaction on the blockchain
Trouble connecting to my remote full node
What is a remote node?
I2P Reseed servers
How do I know if Monero is running on Putty?
How long to fully sync with blockchain via VPS?
How do I confirm that my address is attached to my wallet?
Bandwidth option in kovri
What is a sub-address?
Why does Monero GUI kill my internet connection?
A SHA-1 collision has been found. Does that mean the Monero repositories on Github can be compromised?
At what point will Monero forego forced hardforks
What is the end number used for in start_mining command?
Can someone walk me through a simple example to explain how RingCT works?
Monero RPC over SSL for client and server
What is the most efficient number of threads to run using a VPS with 32 cores?
Why would you need multiple daemons using one LMDB database?
How can I enable smart mining in my daemon?
Pool stats showing abnormally high H/s
CPU Miner for Mac OSX?
What is floodfill parameter in kovri?
How can I mine continuously?
RingCT code usage in other projects
Where can I find the AEON pruning branch?
Will future GUI and CLI releases remain seperate?
monero-win-x64-v0.10.2.1 CLI questions
Wolfram Warptangent, Point Release 10.2.1 performance improvements
How to use the full node?
What is the command code for Wolfram Warptangent, Point Release 0.10.2.1?
How do I know if I am mining in a pool?
When syncing Monero's blockchain from scratch, why does it begin fast and end slow?
How can I check my solo mining hash rate?
Where can I find the issue tracker for the smart mining?
Monero daemon with --rpc-bind-ip parameter
Where is the Monero blockchain stored on Linux build?
Monero Payments for WooCommerce plugin?
Trouble compiling aeon node on ubuntu 16.10
What are field elements and group elements used for?
Why does the SHA512 code include numbers ending in ULL?
Alternative Monero implementations
Can the GUI daemon and the CLI daemon share the same data-dir at the same time?
How do I get the TX Key from the GUI Wallet?
Do you think Monero Payments are ok?
How can block size grow over time when miners are incentivised to keep size small?
Can I cancel a transaction?
What exactly is a coin?
Does I2P have a test network?
What is Kasisto?
Can the 750Ti and HD 5450 be used for mining? What software do you suggest.
How to restore a Monero wallet from Private Keys
What are the threats against I2P?
Monero wallet packet sniffing
Monero Applications Development
Kovri modularity and I2P compatibility
How is code reliability improved?
Does the network benefit more from a local full node than through a VPS?
How can Monero defend against a "majority of view keys" attack?
How to use a remote node on a very bandwitdh restricted connection?
Is Monero the only CryptoNote based coin with a public testnet?
Question on understanding monerod command Flush_txpool and the bug that resulted
Step by step guide on how to connect to peers
How can the network or monero community reduce the txpool size?
Why is there a penalty on large block sizes?
Is Hybrid mobile wallet is as just secure than native
I2P: How does the reseed works ?
Will a large and sustained increase in Monero transactions resolve the current issues of the dynamic block size penalty function?
getmonero.org have some kind of language system?
How to fix blank gui wallet splash screen?
How do I re-enable incoming connections?
Clean up Monero on Mac OSX
Miner publishes a block to the network with a lag
Why does the address change after putting it in the GUI wallet's address book?
Which characters are allowed in creating a wallet password?
Do nodes authenticate other nodes for p2p purposes? (re: incoming connections)
Does the daemon that mines a block see the transactions in clear text?
How hard is it to find the originating IP of a monero transaction (pre Kovri)?
Why will the v5 fork raise the min block size to 300,000 bytes?
Why not include a README.TXT in the GUI Wallet Beta zip file?
How do I create a stealth address using the cli monero wallet?
Monero GUI: unable to sync
When did Monero switch to 2 minute blocks?
Why is monerod not connecting to any peers?
How could Monero profit from TumbleMoneroWimble?
how do I setup XMR-STAK-AMD webservice
Are there any linux drivers for msi graphics cards?
What does this ERROR from the daemon mean?
How do I check balance on my offline wallet while I did not assign any transaction ID?
How do I know I'm on the main blockchain?
Open alias integrated address
Do sub-addresses and disposable addresses have their own private viewkeys and spendkeys?
How does CryptoNight "depend on all the previous blocks"?
Is there anyway to calculate how much privacy is gained by increasing the ring size of a transaction?
What is the best hardware wallet for Monero?
Problems setting gui wallet on Tails
Trouble restoring FreeWallet account
What's the point of ring signatures if stealth addresses hide the actual addresses anyways?
What is the difference between an orphaned block and a alternative block?
How do I connect to a pool?
How does a third-party verify that I have the XMR to make a payment?
How to download latest builds from the Monero Buildbot?
Does the new v5 hardfork low fee option create a risk for blockchain bloat?
Is there a way to cap the size of the tx_extra_field?
How can I verify the SHA256 hash of 0.10.3 "Wolfram Warptangent" on Ubuntu?
How can I verify the SHA256 hash of 0.10.3 “Wolfram Warptangent” on Windows?
How can I verify the SHA256 hash of 0.10.3 “Wolfram Warptangent” on macOS?
How can I verify the SHA256 hash of 0.10.3 “Wolfram Warptangent” on FreeBSD?
What calculation/process is being carried out regarding the syncing process
Block cumulative size is too big
What is to stop an adversary from inserting malicious code through Monero's compiling software?
COMMAND_TIMED_SYNC invoke failed - Not Syncing, how to fix it?
Keep mining to replace an already published block
How does the "--check-updates" parameter of monerod work?
Monero project visual c++
What should I check if Kovri can't connect to peers?
What is the format of a block in the Monero Blockchain?
How is building the GUI from source different from building monerod/CLI?
How do I build the Monero source for OpenBSD?
How do I build Kovri from source for OpenBSD?
Missing one word from 25 word mnemonic seed
Missing monero sent from one GUI wallet to another
monerod can't synchronize
What is the difference between mixin and ringsize?
How to upgrade Linux Monero to 0.10.3.1?
How to restore a wallet on the Monero GUI
Can I obtain Monero testnet coins without mining?
Can I use the GUI wallet over SSH?
Generating a new wallet, locally, from your android wallet app
GUI halts synchronizing blocks, throwing 'unexpected recv fail'
Technical questions about addresses and keys
How do I change input selection after my wallet provides an unfavorable choice?
How do you add support for (server side) SSL/TLS mining?
How can I spend coins if other people can't see my balance?
Stratum - Connected (unsecure)
Is making a key image public equal to giving the monero in that output away?
Would this be a good hardware setup for Monero mining?
Monerod synchronization problems
Can you reverse a payment without receiving a public key from the original sender?
How do I send XMR to multiple different addresses?
What happens to coins that are sent to a public viewkey?
Tail emission in Aeon
My monero is stuck in the blockchain
Are there certain characters unsuitable for passwords?
SHA256 hashes for newest AEON release
ELI5 how to install AEON on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS
How does RingCT work with / without coefficients?
How might someone view the balance of a multisig monero address without both its private keys?
What's the explanation for certain high fee transactions/blocks?
How can I start to use tippero on #monero Freenode IRC?
Monerod stuck sync?
Viewkey for outgoing transactions
Are [solo] mining yield calculations like dice or playing card calculations?
Syncronisation problem on Geekbox running node from SD card
Key-image generation: What does p signify in I = xHp(P)?
Missing TX, 24+ hours and XMR is missing :(
Missing Monero Funds
Monero Height at a standstill
Does mining require a daemon that allows incoming connections (open firewall ports)?
If I only have the one-time public and private key of a transaction, can I spend it?
Compile from source
How would a transition from cryptonight PoW to cuckoo cycle work?
Determining the real transaction/balance with view key only
Cryptonote one time use view key
How do I set transaction priority with the JSON RPC wallet?
Xmr Stak CPU Miner Socket Error
Monero block reward schedule
Who will receive the Monero tail emission
Can you choose the mnemonic seed to create a wallet?
Getting rid of old transactions
Where can I find the Monero transaction specification?
Can I sweep funds in mymonero to another wallet?
How does sending transactions to myself reduce privacy?
Are there any Monero podcasts?
How do I reduce the apparent memory usage of Monero?
How is the Monero wallet picking outputs for transactions to spend?
aeond connection problems
Importing a paper wallet to GUI
How to mine with NVidia GeForce GTX 560Ti on Linux?
Two functions in Mininero to derive Monero address from hexadecimal seed?
Monero GUI wallet not syncing
How can I calculate the Monero network hashrate?
How are the other inputs chosen with MyMonero?
Is the communication between wallet and remote node encrypted?
MoneroX wallet! Trouble with connecthion
How to strengthen a light/mobile wallet such as MyMonero
How do I connect an AppVM running the CLI to a separate AppVM running monerod in Qubes?
Mining aeon but the balance is still zero
I need a manual how to mine aeon with daemon
Number of confirmations and node location
monero-wallet-rpc not working for curl
How to send a raw transaction directly without sanity checks
Transactions without outputs
Can a One-Time public key be used for more than one payment?
Is a mnemonic seed wallet just as secure (random)
How does the back-end of the upcoming MyMonero app look like?
MyMonero architecture question: blockchain scanning put into backend mainly to save CPU in the app, or to save bandwidth?
Why is the dynamic blocksize relying on the median blocksize rather than another metric?
Can ring signatures be aggregated in blocks to save blockchain space?
How can I check the balance of a Monero paper wallet?
Is it possible to reset the blockchain with a new genesis block for efficiency?
Does Monero have zero-conf?
My wallet won't connect to the daemon, re downloading doesn't help either. Can't reach my funds!
How does RingCT work?
GUI Wallet History Intact but Zero Balance?
Is it possible to set the priority / fee multiplier below 1?
Open Alias address resolve error
Why do the current mobile MyMonero builds use Cordova 6.5.0?
Ubuntu 16.04 LTS 64bit systemctl doesn't work
Can someone spend my xmr if they steal my Wallet folder?
What is the minimum number of nodes for a private I2P testnet?
Where can I find a tutorial on how to mine with Monero?
What is the total supply of Monero and when will it be finished mining?
Where can I find examples of txout_to_script and tx_out_to_scripthash Transactions?
Do Transaction version 2 (ringct) have a different hash function or different input for computing tx hash?
Descriptive tutorial on mining Monero and information on files as per "Monero-v0.10.3.1"
MoneroPool help
How can I check my balance in mining pools that dont have an login/account option? like XMRpool
Can the same input appear in a block multiple times?
How can I set up cold storage and sign transactions offline?
How to create a wallet from my own seed?
Monero and warrant canary
How is the commitment for a previous outpoint computed (tx v2)?
Impact of Range Proof Optimizations on M_O
chunk size error when import blockchain file using monero-blockchain-import
How does the recent patched key image exploit work in practice?
How to extract data from local blockchain
Does setting the maxDiff on my private pool to a relatively low number hurt my pool's chances of solving a block?
Where are wallet files located (Mac OS)
Why is there a multiply by 8 in the hash_to_ec and derivation_to_scalar functions?
How can I set a payment ID of 64 characters hex on wallet cli?
What is the mining reward equation?
Cryptonote bug question
Configuring Iptables for cpumulti
How to Connect a a Monero Wallet to a Monero-Based Website and How to Keep it Safe?
Export Last N block
You may now start monero-wallet-cli. What should do I next?
What significance does the wallet public spendkey and public viewkey have in a transaction?
Cold Storage, to Hot, to cold?
Why does monero have higher transaction fees than bitcoin?
Any way to reduce daemon verbosity?
failed to load wallet
Newbie, tracing/understanding transactions
Running monero service on WIN10 with custom --data-dir
http://xmr.llcoins.net/checktx.html tool does not work
Error in synchronisation with monerod
How can I delete the last X blocks from my local copy of the blockchain and retrieve them again from the network?
Which is more profitable if I have big hashrate?
What cryptography primitives/concepts, other than the basic ones, does Monero use?
What happend to my transaction
How to create my own miner?
Monero Wallet For Raspberry Pi 1? (ARMv6 I think)
Blockchain synchronization fails, bus error
restore deterministic wallet from specific date (YYYY-MM-DD) - Error: specified date is in the future
I only see a part of the transferred amount with my viewkey
Build/Install Instructions for MyMonero App on Android using node/npm
Failing unit test for full node. How serious is it?
After downloading the blockchain from scratch overnight, the daemon stalls with 118,508 blocks. What can I do to resolve this?
Could a DDoS attack on the hardcoded seed nodes bring down the Monero network?
Error when launching (--rpc-bind-ip) monerod with external IP address: Failed to bind server
What does Monero's scaling roadmap look like
What is a payment ID, and why is it used?
Recommended configuration for wolf-xmr-miner xmr.conf with R9 290
Is there a website like blockchain.info but for Monero?
When did Monero convert from a 24 to a 25 mnemonic seed standard?
How can I test fluffyblocks?
How do I use the start_mining command?
What are factors to consider to choose the best mining pool?
synchronization going backwards
Has a Monero GUI ever been hacked and the coins stolen?
From "Pending balance" to "Total paid"
GUI Beta 2 error on login: std::bad_alloc -
Converting the network identifier to text
Monerod is syncing 1 block at a time seemingly backwards?
Monero sync too too slow
Is it private pool mining efficient?
Hiding TCP traffic for Monero miners
Verifying GUI Seed is Correct
Warning when restoring from seed
Monero GUI Beta 2 Window Covering Entire Screen (Linux, Arch x64)
Help with cryptonote-universal-pool for use with other cryptonotes besides Monero
Several good CPUs with a very bad hash
Monitor connection for GPU mining
Internet access lost due to DNS problems every time monerod starts
Will the MyMonero app support Android versions older than 6.0 (Marshmallow)?
How can I tell if "monerod" is working?
Clarification with cryptonote-utils BEGIN_SERIALIZE() macros
GUI wallet stopped syncing
Can I spend from multiple wallets in a single transaction?
How do I get Monero if I am in USA and don't want to do ID verification with SSN etc?
What are the potential attack vectors of doing a kind of "quick sync" by just asking for/validating the last X blocks?
How to build MyMonero wallet for Windows?
Can a node I am connected to with monerod cause any damage to me if it is malicious?
do i need to remember the password for wallet recovery?
Cannot login to mymonero
Is it possible to get the wallet address from an integrated address?
Why is Monero GUI stuck when it says it's syncing?
Monero GUI on Linux Mint - how to open wallet file from a separate device / USB stick
Can someone show an actual example of a Monero transaction that uses two distinct private keys?
Monero GUI 2 on tails os text not visible issue
how to cpu mine on arch linux after installing monero-v0.10.3.1?
Mining pools overseas and the impact on the hashrate
monerod does not start to sync via my dsl connection, but it continues to sync when I start via other connection
Is it ok to use same wallet on multiple devices
Cryptonote SHA3 bigger than 64byte? (Scratchpad Initialization)
Error mining has not been started :possibly lost conection to daemon
How can I really run a remote node?
My blockchain is stuck, how do I "unstuck" it?
What does output of running ccminer for mining monero actually means?
Bytecoin wallet stuck on sync
Multiple Users Per Node Via JSON RPC
Why were Monero Disposable addresses dropped?
Does a node that is more geographically centered in the Monero network have a higher chance of mining a block?
Monero mining software
Hash rate of CPU is the same as that of GPU
How can I Mine Monero using a Processor in Memory PCIe Card?
Proof of payment method comparison
Mining Monero with NvidiaGTX1080
Monero mining speed?
Are 0-output transactions possible?
MDB MAP FULL error when syncing
What is XMRdotTwo?
What is the reserve_size parameter in getblocktemplate?
How to install CryptoNote-Lite pool mining software on macOS?
Is there a fork of node-multi-hashing that is able to compile with nodejs > 0.10?
Syncing Monero blockchain and get error not sure that the problem is. Error posted below
Is the Monero blockchain database portable between 32 and 64 bit architectures, and little/big endian architectures?
Monero double spends in the txpool
GUI Wallet not syncing and Coins not appearing in wallet
Monero GUI Changing from host node to local node
monerod doesn't connect to peers
What is the meaning of wallet2::transfer_details::m_global_output_index?
What are the 'Login (optional)' fields for in the GUI settings?
About the actual implementation of the **mix-ins** construction process
How do I start the monerod daemon as a remote node with a username and password requirement to connect to it?
How do i statically build Wolfs cpuminer-multi?
What does the "default" priority (priority = 0) do in monero-wallet-cli?
Is a 50-60 H/s hashing speed normal for an Intel Core i5 4200?
How do I manually decode outputs?
Any thought on the Minergate hard fork of Dashcoin? Is it a 51% attack?
How to setup autostart of monerod in Ubuntu 16.04?
Problems with daemon syncing past block 1341326
Installing GUI on top of CLI
Why does my monerod always consume all the RAM?
How does the dynamic blocksize and the dynamic fees work together in Monero?
Does the monero gui client use the GPU to sync with the blockchain?
What is churning?
Is there a sample javascript code of how to generate a monero adddress from a string of characters?
I have a private key for a monero address. Which application lets me load in a custom private key to spend from?
What makes monero different from other anonymous coins?
How do key images really work?
Moving LMDB from Laptop to SBC?
Is the 10-block lock time a protocol rule? What rules accompany it?
Number of possible Monero wallets and seeds
Raspberry pi 3 set and forget
What would we call Monero users in Esperanto?
Does moneromooo have a direct donation address?
If I compile from source, how can I change default wallet and daemon 10-block lock time?
How large is the Monero's sync file?
Mnemonic seed creation in "pseudo code"
Is there a simple Monero price lookup API?
Bitfinex asks for 64 character payment ID to withdraw, but the wallet generates shorter ones
What are the chances of discovering a block solo mining with my current hashrate?
What determine the transaction size of Monero?
wolf xmr miner v0.4 configuration gpu
monero blocks explorer
Sent to wallet address before synchronization?
XMR deposit from Monero GUI wallet is not showing up on Poloniex
Connecting Monero Light Wallet on Tails with Remote Node
What changes are planned for the September 2017 hard fork?
Problem starting mining using Monero GUI wallet? ("Couldn't start mining")
What Android wallet options are there for Monero?
What is the reason why its so hard to implement Monero into current wallets?
Do you have to download the entire monero blockchain when using the core wallet? And how big is it?
Scratchpad Initialisation : What is the input to Keccak?
Spending partial amount of funds from a paper wallet created with moneroaddress.org and then deleting it from the cli wallet?
how do you sign a message with your monero private key?
How is monero different from byteball with being anonymous?
Anyone have experience with using AMD and NVIDIA GPUs on the same rig?
How to Use Monero Multisignature Wallets (2/2 & 2/3)
How to generate a new genesis tx?
How does Monero's multisig work under the hood?
Explanation of monerod `status` command
Stealth address, is there a static part at the end?
Anybody tied High Throughtput Mining with NVidia GPGPU - Planning to buy a server
What is the transaction id and how its calculated?
Unable to run a cryptonote forked coin, what are node seeds
Size requirements for different "pieces" of a Monero transaction
ccminer hashing speed not onpar with minergate-gui
Is the 'pseudoOuts' of 'rctSig' the commitment on input amounts for simple RCT
When attempting to install Windows 10 64 bit GUI: This application failed to start because it could not find or load the Qt platforms plugin "windows"
How does a light wallet function?
Started monerod on cli but it just hangs, or am I not suppose to see anything happen while downloading ?
Wallet transfer/disbursement after death
Official GPU Miner
Physical vs. virtual mining
How Do I Use XMR to Keep My Privacy?
Do multisig addresses share the same space as regular addresses and produce the same types of keys?
CPU and GPU Mining
Buy with Address instead of integrated address - monero wallet GUI
Can a full Monero node be restricted to run only at specific times?
How can I contribute to Monero as a software developer
Backward compatibility and updates
Is there a way to set a worker name with xmr-stak-cpu?
A Miners Future
How can I save the destination address of my transaction?
Is CryptoNight the hash function which plays the role of the "random oracle"?
Replay attack and Cryptonotes
How do I constrain memory usage during initial blockchain sync
What is the most common way currently being used to create web based wallets?
how to run monerod as service on ubuntu 16.04
Where is the global array of outputs of type txout_to_key?
Is there a way to compile an AMD based miner for use on a mac?
How exactly is a pool mining reward distributed
How do transactions and outputs/inputs
Why excludes the transaction bodies in the structure of the block?
What other coins have similar implementations of Kovri to hide IP addresses from the sender?
How much funds or runway does the Monero foundation / marketing department have?
Is there a rich list of addresses of who owns how much of the Monero supply?
As of August 2017, how much monero has been mined out of the total supply?
How big is the monero development team?
Why is monero mined coins called tail emissions? Why not just call it "mined coins"?
How do I move the Monero blockchain files safely?
Is there a benchmark results for mining with monero using different cpu and gpu's?
How to sweep the contents of a specific output?
Using same blockchain with more OSs
Moving monero from Poloniex or Bittrex to a paper wallet
How can I see my hash rate?
Why Brick and Mortar Merchants should support Cryptocurrency
Kovri operational security example(s) - file permissions
Forgot to use Payement ID when transferring eth to Monero
How Monero pool work?
Are there options for `show_transfers` to change the date format?
Changing block-sync-size within GUI or running monerod
How to build a APK miner for android
Why is AEON wallet not working on Bittrex?
How to check balance of Cold Storage Monero Wallet, easily, when privacy of balance is not an issue?
How do I allow incoming connections to my node running on Tor?
Is there an example in another language or even curl on the binary daemon calls?
Is there a monero-wallet-rpc call that can sign/verify a message?
i send my monero without payment id
GUI Wallet never seems to connect (OSX)
Monero never arrived (Poloniex->GUI wallet)
Help! Trouble syncing daemon on mac wallet
I exchanged some BCC and LTC to my Monero GUI Wallet via Shapeshift, and my funds wont show
Running monerod with --block-sync-size 10 syncs a lot faster, why?
Are there any security concerns with running two daemons on the same host, with one for remote purposes?
Why is the wallet-GUI Payment ID field not accepting an ID?
Difference between --rpc-bind-ip 0.0.0.0, or loopback, or actual IP
Does recipient of monero see wallet address?
How do you confirm payment via a JSON RPC call?
Sync takes forever?
How do I start accepting monero at my restaurant/store?
installing Aeon on Ubuntu
Will Monero need SegWit to implement the Lightning Network?
How is the block hash encoded?
Download Monero Blockchain data and the official client
Invalid config file for xmr-stack-amd
Need specific instructions on using formula to calculate Monero's current block reward
Help to Setup a Monero mining farm $4000 Budget
With the Monero Wallet GUI is it suppose to start synchronizing every time you open it even after it completed synchronizing the 1st time i opened it?
What is the blobdata txs within the block_complete_entry struct?
Problem with speed of synchronization
How to create spend key and view key from public address
I forgot to enter a payment ID
How many active nodes currently are there mining daily in monero？
Transaction: 6 hours and 0 confirmations
Miner enquiry for exchange bought crypto
Why are pools not mining large blocks?
Transaction from suprnova to local gui wallet failed
Mining with monerod vs xmr-stak-cpu
Mine to Exchange implementation
Pool mining using monerod.exe
Blocks added when mining monero
2-factor authentication key format for Kraken
What is the proper Freenode IRC channel for my needs?
monerod.exe socket error connect 0
How can I delete my wallet?
Installed the monero gui client for windows. How do I join a pool to mine?
Error on initial monero daemon start with *:WARNING,net:FATAL,net.p2p:FATAL,net.cn:FATAL,global:INFO,verify:FATAL
In Monero GUI Beta 2, is rewarding the solo miner automatic?
Moving the monero blockchain data to another directory on windows 10
How to build and run xmr-stak-amd on linux
How/when does the --db-salvage flag get used? What's it do?
Why some coinbase transactions have very long extra field, and some short?
Are sub addresses implemented yet?
Can't find $HOME/.bitmonero in MacOS
What features allowed Monero to rise to the top and overcome Bytecoin?
Low hashrate on some CPU instances
A pool didn't find a block since 4 days, is it normal?
Can a copy of the blockchain hold private information?
Does using seed to restore a wallet change its address?
What all information we can gather from a Monero wallet address?
How can I validate a cryptonight algorithm implementation?
How to calculate how much GPU power to mine 1 coin a day for any cryptocurrency?
how to calculated how much H/s can my GPU do for different types of cryptocurrencies?
Getting solo GPU mining to work under Manjaro Linux OpenRC edition
Block height for v6 fork
XMR sent from Kraken not visible in wallet
How to access Monero GUI desktop wallet in MyMonero web wallet?
How can I run an open node with RPC restricted only to localhost?
How to set up xmr-stak-nvidia to solo mining
How to remove the GUI wallet on Mac?
Monero GUI won't show funds
Using Monero as a C Library
What changes are in the Monero 0.11.0.0 release?
How to run a local daemon with GUI?
monerod get stuck while loading blockchain from folder, but only offline!
mnemonic seed recovery tool - missing word location unknown
xmr-stak-nvidia completely freezing computer
Download Link Monero 0.11.0 (Helium Hydra) broken
Where is the line for solo mining?
How to calculate exact Monero transaction fee?
xmr stack cpu closes without any error
node-cryptonote-pool v0.99.3.3 Mining into Exchanges
Compile (or download binary) XMR-STAK-CPU for armv8
How can I run a node with fluffy blocks enabled?
What is StringCT?
Monerujo deamon adress
Does running a full node becomes harder as the blockchain grows?
Is it safe to leave "back ground mining" on as long as I want too?
What does ‘divide CPU cache by 2’ mean?
What happens to transactions sent via old software after hard fork?
Why does the block reward have multiple inputs?
Monerod has stopped working
Who gets monero transaction fees?
How will Lightning effect the privacy properties of Monero?
Problem with GUI update
What is the most effective Operating System and tool to reduce power consumption in a mining rig?
Is there a config file for monero on ubuntu / linux installs?
Running monero in its own virtualbox, performance issues?
Upgraded to v0.11.0.0 on MacOS
Errors when running monerod on ubuntu -- ERROR cn src/cryptonote_core/cryptonote_core.cpp:1127
Started monerod on the command line in ubuntu, how to connect to it via the gui?
Why can't a pool find block after the hard fork
What's a quick way to view my Monero Balance without downloading the blockchain?
Why Monero address is converted to base 58 in blocks, instead of all at once?
What is the 'base point' (G) from the whitepaper and how is it represented as a single hex value?
Compile any miner into assembly for WebAssembly
Bunch of errors when running monerod. ERROR cn src/cryptonote_core
How do I upgrade my software to v0.11.0.0?
How to implement a java script version of monero CPU miner
Demon won't start
What is the difference hashing power when running the JS Monero Miner via a browser vs Running solo Mining with the cli?
How can I change the wallet password?
How do I export my transaction history from wallet CLI in a usable format (.txt, .csv, etc.)?
Do all coins using CryptoNote provide untraceabilty?
ring size three transactions in txpool after v6 fork
Desktop GUI wallet not syncing
How does the payment id appear in a transaction?
How private is this transaction sequence?
Does anyone know what this message means
Its 2017-09 the monero blockchain is 21 GB, what proposed ways are there to reduce this size?
What is the the difference from spendkey vs the viewkey in Monero?
What is the command in monero cli to send some coins to an address or multiple addresses at once?
Using the monero cli or gui, how do you sweep all the coins from a private key into your own address?
How to sign a message with my public monero address and verify it using the cli / gui / javascript app?
Is it possible to attach a message to monero transactions?
Bus error (core dumped): v0.11.0.0 monerod on Ubuntu 14.04
Win10 64-bit - Wallet not restored after upgrade to 0.11.0 Hydra GUI
Borromean signatures in monero commiting to an empty string？
What is the walletname.unportable file?
What is the lowest fee one can pay to make a monero transaction?
Are atomic swaps possible between Monero and other altcoins or Bitcoin?
Safely stopping Monero daemon sync (monerod)
xmr-stak-cpu on Ubuntu 14.04 compilation issue
Answer to pool request
Private Block chain App
Upgrading APK version of Monerujo with Google Play Beta version
Monero-wallet-gui: while synchronizing, blocks remaining number increases
What is the proper format for a wallet-cli transfer since 0.11.0.0?
How do I, as a sender, verify that my transaction actually arrived?
How do I, as a recipient, verify that my transaction actually arrived?
How can I rename the wallet?
Troubleshooting monerod segmentation fault
How to connect to my own remote node?
Where can I get information on network congestion?
How to configure two daemons to use the same database?
What purpose is served by the file p2pstate.bin?
Error Failed to commit a transaction to the db: operation not supported
Monitoring an address for activity if you have the private view key
Monero GUI connected to remote node takes long time to sync
When generating a random payment id, why doesn't the integrated address also change in the receive tab in the gui wallet?
What plans are there to lower the monero fees to under 10 cents?
Coming from bitcoin, are there change address with monero?
Is there any way to turn a payment id into a readable message and not randomness?
Sign a message with a cold wallet private key and then verifying it with their monero address
Can monero-wallet-cli be run as a light wallet?
How do I "background mine" on CLI for Helium Hydra v.0.11.0.0?
Can you view the payment id in a monero block explorer?
If a monero transaction has two inputs and one output, is it possible to partially sign the transaction of just one input?
I set up a remote node for moneroworld.com 3 days ago but I'm not seeing it in the DNS
Where can I find the p2pstate.bin file so I can delete it?
Error: internal error: real output not found
Why is the poolstate.bin file missing?
How to backup the blockchain file?
How does the daemon determine the recipient address of the mining reward?
Coins Not Appearing (GUI Wallet) - Transaction on Blockchain, Wallet Synced, Cache Deleted
Doing both CPU and GPU mining on a machine?
bootstrap import data dir command not working
Cold transaction signing with GUI
What is the best mining card with hash to power consumption ratio for monero mining as of 2017-10?
Can I pool-mine with the default monero daemon?
XMR Blockchain NOT syncing beyond a particular Block 1400001
How to run (and debug) the xmrig project on my Windows machine
Monero GUI quits within a few seconds after launching
How do I install the Monero GUI on PureOS?
Security differences between using Monero on PureOS and QubesOS
How To Restart New Blockchain Sync?
Generated wallets on testnet receive no transactions
Transfers from 3 days ago still "locked" in Monero GUI wallet
Sent monero to the wrong address
CPU getting more hash than GPU
How to filter all transactions with a payment id that converts to a message?
GPU Driver Support How Many GPUs?
I am new to crypto currency mining, from where I can get Monero wallet?
Thought Gui wallet receiving problem solved, but now have other problems
Is Monero in I2P secure now, and how do I do it?
Does the --hide-my-port option reduce traffic?
Error trying to compile Monero on Fedora 25 - makefile:62: recipe for target 'release-all' failed
XMR withdrawal from Bittrex not showing up in GUI Wallet
Having trouble compiling bytecoin on ubuntu 17.04
Getting "Unauthorized Access" with RPC (using Python Requests)
Monero project for charity/non-profit
Is the payment ID the equivalent of the op_return in bitcoin?
What is the maximum length of the payment id in Monero transactions?
Which multi currency/token wallet exist for ETH, BTC and XMR?
What is meant by "Diffie-Hellman exchange" in the official CryptoNote paper?
Making an address transparent to public view
Copied blockchain and gui still saying syncing for aeons
Are there any plans to make monero addresses shorter?
Monero Fork (Genesis Block)
Monero Helium Hydra - Segmentation Fault
Monero - Checkpoint Validation Failed
Spending partial amounts from a Monero paper wallet / priv send key using the Monero cli without another computer?
About CoinLink.cc
AEON Blockchain sync problem
Where to find my XMR Wallet Address?
Why Monero used to split amounts by denominations?
Are reserve_size bytes really related to mining the final nonce?
How do you make sure a sender isn't sending bogus funds?
mining at 0 H/s
Reward always Zero
Connecting to monero daemon
Using remote node still syncs blockchain?
Is it easily provable by a third party that the key image used in a transaction is associated with the spent output without revealing the (P,I) pair?
Are there any plans to add Hardware Wallet support to the core Monero software?
Anyway to watch my own monero address without installing the full monero wallet?
setting up multiple GPU's to mine
Can you make a send transaction with a monero remote node setup?
Outputs on xmrchain.net show that I have a balance but command line says no balance
xmr-stak-amd and Ubuntu
Transaction not showing in my wallet, it's been two days. Failed to connect to seed peers error
How does inner key generation work?
How to run xmr-stak-nvidia on Ubuntu 17.10
XMR cpu mining importance of number of threads?
Monero Custom Genesis Block
Syncing Error on monerod
How to change the total coin supply in monero?
How does one change Monero's block reward for chosen blocks?
How will payment metadata be incorporated into the range proof?
Mining drops to 0 H/s for hour
Why can't Monero use kovri as default for all connections?
I have this problem Checkpoint failed
Funds not reflecting in GUI
What is the error Failed to get unspent outs from mymonero?
Maximizing privacy when dealing with pre RingCT outputs
Monero CPU mining, how much memory to include in a new build
How do I upgrade my software to v0.11.1.0?
xmr-stak-cpu as a service on ubuntu
How is Emmy Noether related to Monero?
"Error: One of the destinations is zero" on Monero CLI wallet when trying to send a transaction with >6000 ring signatures?
How do I obtain a wallet address and pool password for my config file?
In Javascript, how can one verify a signed message using a provided monero address?
Where is a good gauge of the development activity and discussions for Monero?
What is the "prep work" for android / ios development in monero .11.1.0 release?
How can i retrieve XMR sent to my Monero wallet without a payment ID?
Confused about the RingCT protocol
How can I sync my blockchain using only other computers on my LAN?
EXCEPTION FOR BLOCK 202612 , from what's it bassed and where it was fixed?
How to get the entire block blob for submission after mining nonce
block 202612 , how been findet this value?
Why is the number of total block confirmations different in different pools?
How is the "account" command used in the CLI?
How to change the standard port for monero on linux and windows?
Does core_rpc_server::on_submitblock need full block blob?
Monero Hash, how does it work, C++ basisc
Error while loading shared libraries
connecting wolf`s miner to monero daemon
PPS reward per share
Network fees and light-wallet options
Monero wallet stuck synchronising and I don't understand the "unstuck" guide: please clarify
Monero Pool job contents, blob length
‘xmr-wallet.org’ FRAUD
Why is my Monero transaction not appearing in wallet?
Monero wallet stuck synchronising at 39680 using windows
Gui never updates. Data.mdb will not sync. Need handholding guide. Please help
Monero GUI will not build on Debian 8
Monero transaction from kraken to bitfinex stucks in status confidential transaction
Installation and Update of monero cli and gui
monero-miner.com "minimum withdrawal amount"
Resolve and Send button are ghosted
Is there a limit to the number of PIDs in a transfer command?
Setup Monero mining pool using mpos
Low Hashrate for Some Nodes in Pool
Are Confidential Transactions in Monero perfectly binding or hiding?
Is there a monero address monitoring service?
Help-Sent Monero From Changelly and did not received funds
Running Monero Remote node
Setting XMR-STAK as startup service in Ubuntu 16.04
Why is it taking so long for GUI to Sync? My balance is still at zero
Monero log error messages ("transaction extra has unsupported format")
Raspberry pi cold wallet safety
Solomining if not fully synced yet?
When sending monero to an address. Does my wallet keep track of the history of where it was sent to?
Official encrypted wallet generator
Does the reward for mining with a certain amount of hash per second stay the same over time?
Money not received in Exchange from Wallet
Backup and upgrade
Where can I exchange GBP to Monero (XMR)?
Is it possible to tell apart real and testnet Integrated Address
If Monero was sent to an address, do I have to wait to actually "see" the funds before transferring
In the CLI wallet, how can I send to an address book contact?
Where to find my private key on monero gui?
Is my hot wallet the only view wallet and my cold wallet the one created offline?
How to sweep coins from an existing monero address if you have all the keys?
What is the password for monero.hashvault.pro pool?
How to pronounce Monero correctly
Try to send XMR to Bittrex
how come my Monero wallet's unlocked balance is zero?
Daemon shuts down on startup ("MDB_BAD_TXN: Transaction must abort, has a child, or is invalid" error)
Did somebody hacked my wallet?
Do not come coins to the GUI wallet
Additional keys/commitments for MLSAG
Creating multiple XMR addresses in a single XMR GUI wallet
Should I keep monerod instances active on mining rigs?
monerod advertise different external ip
Mining from multiple machines on a LAN
How to make an integrated address based on a subaddress?
Writing my own Monero miner
Can't load wallet in CLI v0.13.0.2 or GUI v0.13.0.3 (error: std::bad_alloc | error: basic_string::_M_replace_aux)
Daemon Failed to start error
Why does the num_unspent_outputs decrease to 1 in Monero wallet?
Relationship between a pool and local wallet
Can auditor restore transaction dates/times/amounts?
Preventing reuse of a stealth address
Stealth addresses: where do they come from?
Wallet out of sync
Do any Monero wallets have the ability to create a transaction without broadcasting it, and then broadcast it later?
running monerod on background thread always stops after some time
How to get network hashrate from monero daemon via RPC?
Can i receive payment from bittrex without payment id?
I am missing (not seeing) a transaction to (in) the GUI (zero balance)
How to know when does I get paid from mining Monero
How many hashes are needed to solve a Monero block of difficulty 1?
Transaction stuck as "pending" in the GUI
My GUI feels buggy / freezes all the time
The GUI uses all my bandwidth and I can't browse anymore or use another application that requires internet connection
I did not receive 0.37 Monero sent from FreeWallet on my iPhone to Monero-wallet-GUI (on MacBookAir)
Where is the original CryptoNote Java implementation?
I used Shapeshift to transfer BTC to Monero about 18 hours ago and it is still not showing in GUI wallet?
Correct Monero address but wrong payment id - MyMonero wallet
Wrong block height?
Low XMR-STAK hash rate on two cards in a 8 card Linux NVIDIA rig
Stuck at "creating transaction"
Where and when was Monero started?
GUI / wallet stuck on block 1400001
How to get a Wallet
Empty destination field in transfer history
Disk space required nowedays?
Transaction Error (Wrong Amount) through MyMonero Wallet?
XMR-stack optimization. beginner troubles
Hardware update required on Monero mining
Claymore Mining (CANNOT ALLOCATE MEMORY)
MINING AT LOW HASH RATE
Mining from monero-wallett-cli
Set up miner R9 290X
Is my wallet really valid?
Can't find the .bitmonero directory to set up the blockchain.raw file in Ubuntu 17.10?
start-mining with monerod doesn't seem to turn on mining
Wrong monero wallet adress (claymore, nanopool)
Monero cpu mining handling huge number of machines
Monero CPU mining sofware for Solaris 11 OS
mymonero problems
How does input reference the output of some transaction?
Coinhive script to mining
Scam Shapeshift site
Algorithm for Generation of Wallets
'monerod status' mining hash rate
Monero daemon causes 100% disk utilization on Windows with new wallet install.
THE 2MB per process is that exact or will it change
CryptoNight Miner in Python?
Byte reversing (nonce and resulted hash)
Show header in show_transfers
Are there any lightweight Monero wallets?
XMR-STAK [CUDA] Error: the launch timed out and was terminated
How Ed25519 curve relates to Borromean Ring Signature scheme?
Where is the blockchain saved in Mac?
Can't Find Transaction
What are bulletproofs?
Problem Restoring Wallet from the Monero GUI, Right Arrow Greyed Out
Discrepancy CNS006 and CryptoNote whitepaper one-time key generation
Commitments for RCTTypeSimple transactions
Error using "import_outputs": failed to authenticate ciphertext
5-party Ring Signatures still being implicatory for sender?
GUI Beta 2 Error Message (sync stuck and unable to send funds)
How to Generate a Blob for PoW Hashing
Reading Signed/unsigned tx files
Am i destroying my pc by mining?
What is the difference between Monero (XMR) and Verge (XVG)?
Any android apps for mining monero?
Potential mistake in trying to secretly transfer from one bitcoin wallet to another via monero - Theoretical
My name contains a special (non-ASCII) character (e.g. é, ø, â, Ö) and I can't create a wallet with the GUI
I am using the GUI and my daemon doesn't start anymore
how to use coinhive java script with GPU?
Why are do some addresses on the Monero testnet begin with '9' and others with 'A'?
How to reset xmr-stak configuration?
Ring signatures and the long view
How to start my own altcoin based on Monero code?
Graphic card and general questions
Windows users, do you want to prepare your OS to use full node wallet, solve some sync issues and make your chaindata less likely to be corrupted?
xmrMiner does not detect RX 580 gpus
Bitfinex to Poloniex - Payment ID
Is there any PHP script for mining monero on webserver?
What does getblocktemplate return?
Monero Javascript Library
CPU does not have AES-NI, which is required
For Monerujo, is writing to internal storage or to an SD card better for phone longevity?
QUESTION : is it safe to use a remote monero demond (monerd)
Could I use a Raspberry Pi to mine Monero?
What Linux flavour to use for AMD GPU mining?
What is the impact on performance of the Monero network by using Kovri
(Non-ring) Wallet signatures
C/C++ - What is nonceptr in scanhash_cryptonight function?
Why is the monero GUI synchronization starting from zero every time the daemon boots up?
Can I recover my wallet?
How to use my 13 word MyMonero mnemonic seed with the GUI/CLI without accessing MyMonero?
Difference between disposable address, integrated address and subaddress?
No matching key/data pair found ("Error finding txpool tx meta: MDB_NOTFOUND: No matching key/data pair found" error)
MLSAG adaptation?
What is the height used for when creating a View only wallet in monerujo android app?
Is my monero core wallet seed password compatible when using android monerujo app?
Monero wallet on Linux Elementary OS
Priority among transactions with same fees
Several basic questions about Monero and maybe crypto currency minning in general
How did it happen that there is a monerod process started by root on my laptop?
Transactions Bitfinex <-> Wallet not going through since 24 hours
How does difficulty impact on cpu small mining?
How can I achieve over 1 million hash rates with minergate?
Starting monerod v0.11.1 Exception in main! Failed to initialize p2p server. Failed to deinitialize core
How to autostart monerod in Windows 10?
Error: basic string:_M_replace_aux
Selfish Mine paper mistaken?
Why Are Mining Passwords 'x'
Why aren't there any miners written in assembly for x86 / x64 etc?
Scanning of View only wallet with monejuro shows different balance
Monero mining compiler error
Intentionally reveal unspent transaction outputs (UTXOs)
Monero wallets with native xmr.to integration
Are mobile wallets downloading the whole blockchain as the regular wallets?
Fundamental question for monero: how to mine myself
Starting a new pool. questions about payout levels
fundamental question: creating a transaction
Will CPU mining cause high power consumption?
Monero v0.11.1.0 CLI Permission denied
Mining intermittently throughout the day
The process has no code signature
Floating point exception during mining (monerod)
What is the difference between Monero (XMR) and Nav Coin (NAV)?
Why is sc_reduce32 needed?
Where can I find some test inputs and outputs for the CryptoNight (Monero PoW) hash algorithm?
JSON RPC with digest auth
How long does it take for the coins to go from cold storage into a hot wallet?
How to connect to a node with cpuminer
Livecoin doesn't credit my balance after missing Payment ID
0 - 100 % GPU spikes when mining [NVIDIA GTX 750 TI]
Where does Curve25519's limit occur?
Monero cli transfer command set lower transaction fee
When sending monero with a payment id, is the transaction still 100% anounymous?
Using Monero as proof of funds
CoinHive javascript doesn't seem to work
mymonero.com x number of blocks behind can i use the wallet?
My monerod server will not sync fully
Tweaking our Private Monero Pool
Lower the Locked Balance Limit
xmrpool.net Correct Address?
What are the differences between the slow hash, fast hash, and tree hash on the monero github?
Why is Monero GUI missing November 5th 2017
Can't get Biostar TB250 motherboard to recognise RX Vega 64 GPU for Monero mining
Monero withdrawal from Bitfinex to Binance sent 12+ hours ago
XMR-STAK - Does it detect CPU/GPU heat?
ViaXMR payouts time length
CryptoNight Algorithm Keccak1600?
This address received 94.502 monero, with 550 confirmation(s)
how to login on xmrpools.net
How can I set monero-wallet-rpc default password
Socket Error Connecting to Nanopool with xmr-stak
Block height and notification procedure for v7+ forks
Clarification on Server Messages
Will Monero suffer the transaction fee problem like Bitcoin?
Is my ccminer working?
What is Monero current communication protocol?
Xmr-Stak miner constantly crashes
Mining on Linux server, are there security risks?
Forgot Monero Private Key and Spend Key
Bootstrapping Monero blockchain via clearnet?
AMD and Nvidia Same Computer XMR-Stak
Proving amount of Monero - Range Proofs
Cold wallet - got the 1 and L mixed up in private view key
Socket error after running xmr stak
Error when trying to reach own remote node
Small pool concerns
Transfer using cli and choosing lowest fee?
How to go back to previous command when using monero cli?
MyMonero still safe?
Monero Gui syncing... is this supposed to take this long?
Monerod rpc method getblock - blob data
Best method of sweeping monero private keys without rescanning the blockchain for a balance?
Why limit the CRC by a modulo of 24 rather than 1626?
How to show fees paid on show_transfers command in monero cli?
Generate an integrated address using javascript in the browser?
Can Monero miners be picky about adding transactions to blocks
Is there a way to force sync on Monero GUI?
How to ask a running monerod instance for mining hashrate when restricted-rpc is enabled?
What data does the Monero client write as it processes the blockchain?
How do I check if monerod is up to date
How to setup own remote Monero node with maximum security / anonymity?
monero-stratum private pool error
What is the purpose of running a Monero node?
Is there a way to get the latest blocks from monero rpc
Best method to query address balance of 10,000+ monero private keys and store it in a mysql database?
where does "my pending balance" stay until I receive my payment in mining pools?
Cannot run private testnet with more than 2 nodes
Unable to run multiple instances of monerod
Does the ARM v6 have enough power to be a Monero node?
Why are there many Monero addresses starting with 4JUdGzv...QvVCjZb?
Cryptonight mining on Raspberry Pi
Creating a genesis block, but it doesnt work, for an entire day
Does the block effort matter when mining in a pool? How does it impact earnings?
Would this be considered good OpSec?
Does fluffy pony really own and run MoneroDice website?
cpuminer-multi error when mining cryptonight on Linux
Accept payment for digital goods
What is the default behavior of monerod concerning the --max-concurrency flag?
I just bought monero payment ID help
Best new cryptocurrencies to mine using CPU
GUI Monero Balance: 0
Sent Monero to Shapeshift
MinerGate mining Monero cryptocurrency with ArubaCloud
Do coinbase transactions use stealth addresses?
View only wallets only shows incoming transactions only. How to see outgoing aswell?
CPU at 100% while the CPU miner is off
How could Monero be transmit under the purview of a hostile state actor?
How do I move the blockchain (data.mdb) to a different directory during (or after) the initial sync without losing the progress?
How can I invest a low amount of Moneroj?
When mining in a pool what does current effort actually mean?
Changing to new computer - can I avoid having to download the blockchain again?
Restored wallet from seed, but balance still coming up 0
How to determine number of used subaddresses after restoring from seed?
Would a fixed ring size improve anonymity?
Compiling the Monero GUI from source for Ubuntu 16.04?
Monerod - monero Daemon Manager - Monero wallet hangs debian
Is there a way to make unsigned transaction, sign and submit manually using wallet RPC?
What determines who gets the block reward
Where can the wallet address prefix be set
Who pays Transaction fee?
Does the Monero wallet distribute the blockchain?
Can there be something other than block verification that slows down synchronization in the end?
What are hardware requirements to run a small mining pool?
Solo mining Monero without downloading blockchain
Failed to parse transaction from blob; failed to validate transaction from daemon
Are range proofs output specific?
Failed to import outputs: Transaction extra has unsupported format at index 17
Ubuntu 16.04 : Monero wallet stopped working
Can't create transaction: failed to get random outputs to mix: failed to get random outs
XMR Claymore Low Hashrate Gigabyte R7 360
Mining with xmrig on monero.hashvault - I want to understand what I see on the command line
What are spans (as seen in the output of sync_info)?
How can I submit a transaction created in --do-not-relay mode?
Who controls the servers behind the IP addresses used for bootstrapping nodes for (initial) peer discovery?
Would sharding Monero work with tahoe-LAFS as storage?
Monero Wallet Gui not connecting to remote node
Will we eventually get rid of "locked" and "unlocked" balances?
Does the miner program used affect the hashrate?
Trusted Daemon Issue
In Monero can you sweep a wallet if you *ONLY* have the private spend key?
How to speed up balance scanning of addresses?
When using a foreign remote node does the transaction signing happen on my wallet or on the node?
Can a remote node know my wallet address?
Mining on an old Radeon 5830 with xmr-stak
If I download a monero client for windows - am I running a full node?
What does the Monero wallet do during I/O bound initial sync?
Monero wallet doesn't connect to local daemon
Does the Monero default client deduct the fee from the sent amount?
What am I doing wrong?
dev pool socket error
Issues mining on a HD 6850
Failed to update txpool transaction metadata on local Monero daemon
Pool Shares Formula
If I re-sync the blockchain will I lose my coins and wallet address?
Is solo mining nonviable on non-specialized rigs?
Use payment ids/integrated wallets in web applications
Best practices to keep Monero wallet secure
What is the use of the locked_transfer command in the cli?
What happened at Monero difficulty from Nov 2017 to Jan 2018?
Which is the unit of the global difficulty?
Move blockchain folder on Windows
monero was not received into my MyMonero wallet
Can't get AMDGPU-PRO drivers working with R9 290x and xmr-stak
How to authedmine.com mining 24/7? (Coinhive)
More than one real input per transaction?
Calculate The Reward Per Hash
Which password limitations do exist?
I see my monero block was processed on blockchain but not showing up in wallet
I want to view addresses that I've sent payments to in the past?
How do I sync 'monero.exe' and my wallet?
Radeon Blockchain Drivers not Installing on Vega 64
XMR not showing and more issues
Formulas for calculating current target and difficulty
Can I copy the .bitmonero folder?
How do I change the language of the 25 word mnemonic seed in the GUI or CLI?
Vega PPT/Bios reset before moving to a rig?
How can I make a coin using Monero?
Error message: failed to allocated device memory for long state
CcMiner monero mining GPU utilization
Getting my Monero off Kraken
How to achieve uniform hash rate
How to connect to a remote node from NodeJS?
Is there any documentation for json rpc methods for supportxmr pool?
Multiple different wallets connected to same monero node
Is there an easy way of creating a transaction in NodeJs?
sending XMR with MyMonero, to low fee, long time stuck
Mining XMR - upgrading my graphics card hd 6950 to gtx 780
How to have visitors mine on my websites and is it legal?
never received monero yet shows on the blockchain?
How could you lower the risk of accepting zero confirmation transactions?
Can view-only wallet create unsigned tx via RPC call?
Can you mine on an Ubuntu USB drive using xmr-stak-cpu with no swapfile or swap partition?
Wallet-RPC can't connect to remote node
monerod logging of hashes submitted
Is it planned to implement Hashed Timelocked Contracts (HTLC) through the monero multisig wallet?
Was the reasoning behind the large tx extra in minergate's transactions ever revealed?
Does Aeon have a web wallet?
Monero mining set-up with GPU 8*NP106
Monero wallet RPC don't work
Are mining pools necessary?
C++ program to generate mnemonic seed, view/spend keys and wallet address?
How necessary are transaction fees?
Trying to better understand monero mining
Pool live tracker showing different hash rate than the miner log
Monero setting up a testnet wallet in terminal, can't sync
How to pay the import fee from MyMonero.com for a paper wallet?
Can't transfer Monero coins, strange error message (Error: not enough outputs for specified ring size = 5:)
Is it possible to use samba share as blockchain data location?
How to communicate programmatically with the Monero CLI wallet using php?
How to run monero-wallet-rpc in background without revealing my password to the server?
Calculating the circulating supply using daemon RPC
How can one list out all the payment_id's that has received funds?
Can you use an integrated address when withdrawing from bittrex or other exchnages?
How to move/copy monero wallet and data
Is there a way to check if wallet sees monerod over the LAN?
How to setup Monero RPC authentication?
An academic "hello world" on Monero
Can you input the blockchain through remote web server?
ZK-STARK vs ring-ct size and verification
Can I use Coinhive to mine Monero without problems with Google Safebrowsing?
4 threads, minimum usage
Monero GUI - See the mining in progress
What are the differences between incoming/outgoing connections?
Is there a way to know how many people are using my public remote node?
Why are only 8 bytes of the hash compared with the target?
What is the normal rate of failing to submit a block from pool mining Electroneum
What is the minimum length of a payment ID?
What is the XMR Withdrawal field for when there is another address field on top for Binance?
Best method of speeding up Monero downloading / syncing of the xmr blockchain?
Why are web miners mostly mining monero?
Starting with Monero - verification?
Transaction fee using RPC for non ringct transactions
monero-wallet-qui removing from PC
Please check your wallet and daemon log for errors. You can also try to start monerod.exe manually
MyMonero is down again, how do I get my money out?
Is there a service for recurring buying of Monero every 2 weeks?
How can I stop Monero wallet safely?
Question about Moneros privacy
How to set up password on xmrpool.net mining pool?
Please help - Monero-Universal-Pool Admin Wallet Fail { }
Can monerod run stable on a Raspberry Pi 3 with microSD as storage?
I can't setup a monero pool on current software
Possible lengths of Monero addresses?
From how much hashpower one may consider starting a public mining pool?
Distribution of number of inputs and ouputs per transaction over time
Monerod failing at/after block 1383366
Looking for a paper describing Monero
Is there a cn_util implementation for python
Unable to get any transactions from walletd JSON RPC response
How to close a wallet without stopping the RPC server?
Will I/O speed or swap space effect the hashrate?
RPC method to translate key_offsets
Could not find Boost libraries or Version is too old
What is the relevance of the restore height?
How fast can a 16 core threadripper rescan your monero address for an updated balance?
CPU is better for monero mining than GPU?
What is the public spend key used for?
Help me setup a good mining rig on my high end gaming computer
Monero mining equipments can mine Zcash as well and have the same hashpower?
How to avoid antivirus to delete monero miner?
Income from CoinHive Monero ads
Will there be security vulnerable if you left your wallet address and password in public?
Help I forgot to enter a payment ID help
How to generate Monero wallet without displaying keys/seed on the screen?
How do I fix build error about fPIC?
My hash rate is low and volatile and my wattage is high?
What is MoneroV, and how is it different than Monero?
What is the easiest way to get a notification for incoming transaction?
How does check_hash work in difficulty.cpp?
How is m calculated when generating subaddresses
What’s the difference between sharding and pruning?
"Insufficient disk space" - but it's not true
Minimum amount of keys needed to recover funds?
Monero withdrawal from gate.io on showing in wallet
Linking transactions when using XMR.to to send bitcoins?
What's the tip for protecting your laptop from damaging during mining?
More cores are better for Monero CPU mining?
How to know when I would get any profit by Monero mining program?
How does remote node work?
Monero GUI, cant sync wallet
What does the mining-proxy do?
Hard disk space usage using Helium Hydra on Windows, 64bit
Shares accepted by pool but no due XMR
How to transfer from paper wallet
Wanna Use this library for a small project
Local Wallet did not receive XMR
Export a list of Integrated Addresses from GUI (or monerod)?
Why AVs reject miners?
Which is better for Monero mining: AMD Threadripper or Intel i9 7900x?
Different view key and spend key after importing private key?
How the receiver knows the amount that he received from the sender?
Having trouble getting Bitcoal network to accept submitblock
Does the receiver need to be online in order to complete a transaction?
I've setup Monero Core Gui 0.11.0.0 on my old laptop with location to E:Drive for blockchain. How to move to new laptop
Transaction structure: Question about ecdhInfo
Is there a monero pruned blockchain mode like how bitcoin core has a pruned blockchain?
How the sender recover the transactions that he spent?
Restore old account 39c
How can one check the blocks found on PPLNS pool, such as xmrpool.net?
Which Monero release should be used on Asus Tinker Board?
How to convert monero's curve25519 basepoint to bouncycastle
Can't connect to remote node (GUI)
Ephemeral cryptocurrency with hard limit of blocks
Are there any extant implementations of the groestl that Monero PoW uses that utilize AesNi instructions and byte-slicing?
How to validate cryptonight result?
How does Ring Confidential Transactions work?
Transferred Monero from Shapeshift, want to send to different address
Wallet did not finish creating node and cannot connect to daemon anymore
How to create multiple addresses in a single wallet using Monero-JSON-RPC?
Sapphire RX 550, differences in models and consequences on hashrate
Bulletproof txs in testnet
Beginner: Monero mining in a rented student bedroom with free electricity
How to mine monero genesis block reward (monero fork)
Trying to 'make install' xmr-stak
Duplicate output keys
Why have i lost my monero money? my wallet is fully synched and no sign of it
How are the Monero ARMv7 CLI binaries built?
Monero address generated by Kraken
RPC will not connect to daemon
Non RingCT transactions since RingCT mandatory
Monero GUI goes from connected to still downloading?
Where can I find the POW hash of blocks?
How to set up a node to V7 Hard fork in testnet?
Solo, own pool, monero, need help
Can you use the same 24 word seed from other wallets like ledger nano s to generate a monero address?
If a business or REIT wanted to purchase Real Estate and keep the owners anonymous could it use Monero to do so?
Portable mining device
How to receive balance change notifications?
Add an address to the wallet CLI with a payment ID
create transaction
Transferring monero from Binance to my wallet
Monero Dev XMR Address
Which directory does monero-blockchain-import, by default, use to store the imported blockchain?
Do I need to redownload the Aeon blockchain for the rebased software?
Withdrawal of Monero from Binance to wallet missing
How Monero transactions related with mixins
Explore Monero Blockchain in Ubuntu
What is the fee when using xmr.to service to send xmr to a bitcoin address?
Understanding MLSAG in Monero transaction
What is the base 58 monero alphabet used to create an address?
Non-WebAssembly browser miner?
Error: Problem fetching info -- Error checking for updates
Balance not showing
Hashrate clarification
How can a View Wallet be implemented in code?
Is there any pre build nvidia - cpu miner for Centos
How can individuals safeguard themselves and the community against a key reusing fork?
V7 hard fork inputs sorting
Why does Monero use a 256 bit seed?
Is there a stratum like protocol for Monero mining pools?
Error when running GUI Wallet on Ubuntu (core dumped)
Monero April 6 Hardfork guide?
How are Monero blocks found and confirmed? (solo mining)
Any way to test my pool connection from the command line?
Force daemon to a specific hard fork version
Is there a Javascript implementation of the CryptoNight algorithm?
Am I understanding PPLNS correctly in this example?
Send monero with Payment ID but public address, not intergated address
GUI adress and Integrated adress are 79 Characters
How to download the monero blockchain testnet?
Explaining result report at XMR-STAK
What does the "hashes" field mean in an authentication message received from a pool?
Theoretically, is it possible to send a value of 0 to someone?
Is there a pool that will tell you the real time shares you've submitted?
Calculating subaddresses
Don't have Mnemonic seed from https://moneroaddress.org/ --- Can I still access funds that I sent to offline wallet?
Where can I learn about the cryptography used in Monero?
How do "Time Locked Proof of Non-ASIC work challenge reward" algorithms work to deter ASIC production?
How does the CPU RAM affect the hashrate?
Sell Monero like in iqOptions
Why does the option "--verify 0" for monero-blockchain-import not work?
Does using a remote node provide risks to anonymity?
Why is my monero signed signature different everytime I click on sign?
What are Ring Members?
Where can I get a printable version of a Monero Paper Wallet to be used as gifts?
Connecting to remote daemon in testnet is not working
Generate a integrated address using a subaddress
Is there a monero vanity address generator?
How can I choose addresses to create a ring signature for a transaction
Started back after completion
Is the high transaction fees problem addressed in the upcoming monero v7 upgrade?
What exactly has been changed in PoW algorithms in the v7 fork?
Do you experience much more crashes/restarts of xmr-stak with the latest 2.3.0 version (Vega 64 rig)?
Is there a easy to follow tutorial on how to get multi sig working for Monero v12 via console?
Are payment id's publicly viewable on the block explorers?
Any interest for Java based (but using OpenCL for the mining) monero mining software?
What effect has the increase of minimal ring size from 5 to 7?
How to nodes discover other nodes?
How does a Monero pool confirm/reject a submitted nonce?
What is the status of web mining?
Are mining pools shares based on prescribed difficulty or the actual difficulty you hash a block with?
Downloaded monero v12 GUI How do I verify the hash of the download on Ubuntu command line?
Monero GUI startup (on Linux) getting *** Error in `./monero-wallet-gui': free(): invalid pointer: 0x00007f2afd1b9c60 ***
How to create an integrated address with a payment id on Monero v12 GUI?
Install latest Monero GUI before fixing corrupted blockchain
How do I figure out how much a share is worth in the PPLNS world?
What happens to XMR sent to an unexisting address? Is it sent back?
How to use the sweep_all command with options like ring_size or priority
What was the difference in hashrate power when the March 2018 anti-ASIC Hardfork occurred?
Get Transactions from payment ID
How does the difficulty adjustment for monero work?
Post-upgrade issue: blockheight stuck at 1546200
How do I sell Monero for USD if I start from the Monero in my wallet?
Ledger Nano S hardware wallet instructions for using Monero?
I forgot to upgrade (from CLI or GUI v0.13 to CLI or GUI v0.14) and, as a result, accidentally synced to the wrong (alternative) chain
How do I upgrade my software to the newest version?
I forgot to upgrade (from CLI or GUI v0.13 to CLI or GUI v0.14) and created / performed a transaction on the wrong (alternative) chain
TAILS - GUI v0.12 does not connect to the daemon (monerod) that is already running
WINDOWS - GUI v0.12 does not launch / start
LINUX - GUI v0.12 does not connect to local or remote node (std::bad_cast error)
XMRig-Proxy Performance
blockheight unconfirmed
Is it possible to fake the date of arrival of funds?
Why is the Monero hash rate so low after the v7 fork compared to other Monero forks?
Is there a coin time lock ability in Monero like the one in Bitcoin?
Where to find the Monero blockchain by itself?
wallet cli v0.12 : " Error : Failed to import Key images"
Monero forked into 4 separate chains. How can one claim them, and where can one dump them?
How do I use the Cryptonote inflation glitch?
How can I change gui wallet display locale/language
Error when trying to run monero-wallet-rpc with docker-compose up
On xmrchain what do the l, e and - pID symbols mean?
compiled executables not working on the server
Mininig on CentOS 5
Where is the code that generates stealth addresses and matches them with view keys?
XMR-stak CPU and GPU hashrate optimisation
Mining on testnet
Mixing Etiquette?
Why is the mining reward lock time set to 60 blocks?
Private key generation?
Wallet RPC (transfer): Empty Transaction Key (tx_key) received
Where can I find the random public key R=rG in a Tx?
Does Monero still use the Cryptonight algorithm since the fork?
Clarification on updating to v0.12
How do the privacy mechanisms of Monero (ringsig, ringct & stealth addresses) affect the implementation of a second layer, like the lightning network?
How much I "deanonymize" transaction when I put my address into "extra" part of a transaction?
Which keccak algorithm does Monero use in its initial has function?
Download version (v0.12.0.0) is a mess on my OSX.
Are the developer's guides outdated?
What's the scratchpad for?
How do miners attempt to avoid duplicating nonces of other miners? Do they try?
Offline Signing 2/3 Multisig
Upgrade from 11 to 12 not working solo mine
How to mining on Ubuntu 18.04 with AMD cards
What is "aes_round" in the Monero hashing algorithm?
My Monero have never arrived from Kraken to my Monero GUI wallet. Please help!
Using old HDD laptop for storing blockchain - slow synchronization - would an external SSD help?
Recover an XMO transaction
Monero Gui didn't create .keys file for wallet, it crashed, wasn't able to restore wallet, is it lost?
Is a transaction from Exchange to Wallet to Exchange traceable?
monerod is sync or not?
With a Churn: does it increase privacy more to do 1 TX with RingSize14 or 2 TX with RingSize7 or is it exactly the same?
What is the "SpendProofV1..." or "OutProofV1..." in the details of a sent transaction in the GUI?
How do I create a subaddress with the cli wallet?
How to make a symlink to an external drive?
What is "output" in block?
monero-wallet-rpc: Transfer from sub-account?
Can't copy/paste in GUI
is the Bitmain X3 compatible with Monero
Did not receive a transaction after a day from supportXMR
What is src/blocks/checkpoints.dat and why is it not plaintext in the source code?
How to run Monero-wallet-rpc on windows?
Recovering monero wallet files on drive that was previously dualbooting Windows and linux. Now I only run linux
Clarification about old generated addresses?
Cryptonight V7 mining issues
Improvements on generating monero wallets securely?
Old node that is still on monero v11 - Is this on a fork now? Is this considered Monero Original and Classic?
monerod block height is 1,500,000 - How do i pop off 100,000 blocks and start syncing at 1,400,000 instead?
Monero cli transfer all funds from my wallet to a new address?
When is monero "unlocked balance" updated?
Is there a step by step tutorial on how to compile from source for Monero cli on ubuntu 16?
Monero 11.0 worked now I can't get 12.0 to load it crashes
Confused about the monero hardforks that spawned xmc monero classic and xmo monero original?
Transaction from GUI wallet to bittrex account never arrived. PLEASE HELP
How to use the electrum seed password in monero-wallet-cli?
Script for Monero Auto mining
send (all) from command line
Proper usage of 'unlock_time' in Monero Wallet RPC
How to get a Monero Transaction Hash to check incoming deposit on MoneroAddress.org generated address - without CLI or GUI wallet?
Create monero browser mining module
How to run xmr-stak with AMD gpu on Ubuntu 18.04
Does it make sense to run two nodes in order to disguise your identifiable information?
Simple website to check Monero balance
How to execute HTTP request to daemon's *.bin endpoint like http://localhost/getblocks.bin
Recent Transaction Cannot Be Found
monerod crashes after several minutes with no errors
What is the block header's minor_version for?
MyMonero Import fee - payment from import?
How can I use monero-blockchain-blackball to improve my privacy?
What is sc_check function checking?
Using a Subaddress on ShapeShift for receiving
What does "rings used by outputs spent on Monero on a key reusing chain" mean?
Which is the more reliable coin after April 2018 network upgrade?
Where can I download the entire Monero blockchain in one shot?
How many characters can be missing or mis-typed in a Monero address to still be valid?
When using the android and iOS monero wallets. How does it not send the private spend key to the node to scan the blockchain?
I created and executed a transaction to shape shift on the incorrect block chain, can any one help me?
Monero deposit did not arrive on binance
Remove accout in cli
What's the purpose of email address in pool mining config?
Can a DEX like bisq.network profit from Kovri?
Does Monero use rfc6979 for signatures?
Are there improvements to enable spending of change funds faster?
Are Cryptonight lite and Cryptonight lite v1 the same?
Did the upgrade after transaction and still nothing ...how to solve this now?
new windows computer, trying to sync my wallet from OSX
I did not receive 20.87856619 Monero sent from Upbit to Monero-wallet-GUI
Lithium Luna CLI no connection to Daemon unable to transfer
Orderd Monero before update
add_address_book does not save after closing wallet
Obtaining coinbase transaction signature
Have Windows 64, and Norton won't let me download Monero 12
Error: not enough outputs for specified ring size = 7 in monero 0.12.0.0 Lithium Luna
print_tx TXID doesn't print ring
What does "Can't create transaction: internal error: Known ring does not include the spent output..." mean?
monero-stratum Error When Compiling
Is there a library similar to bitcore?
Can't connect to daemon in monero GUI
MyMonero blockchain is behind
monerov windows wallet gui.exe showing up as Trojan
What is the maximum value for x in the command "monerod --db-sync-mode fastest:async:[x]"
monerod v0.12.0.0 can't synchronize
How to parse transaction extra field to extract pubkey
"Daemon failed to start- please check your daemon log for errors" message
Differences between Masari web wallet and Mymonero
How can I see my balance?
Can I send monero, even if it doesn't appear in my wallet?
Restored wallet in Qubes Monero client showing "not connected to daemon" despite being connected to daemon
Genesis transaction explanation?
XMR not showing up in my gui wallet after refreshing wallet
Multiple CPU miners with low hashrate vs single CPU miner with high hashrate
How can I be notified of important updates/news to the Monero software?
Mining and not seeing anything so for at 500H/s
Can you only allow certain miners on a cryptonote blockchain?
Can I confirm that someone payed me only by transaction ID?
How do I back up my funds?
Personal Node on Server 2012 R2
create a coinhive fork
Are there any proposals to create a view only wallet that lets you see outgoing and incoming funds?
Explanation of the Monero Daemon running arguments
Do signed exported key images prove that the key images provided are legitimate?
How do I multiply 2 public keys?
SSL usage in Sumokoin/Monero
How do I compile monero with debugging symbols?
Are mnemonic seeds possible in right-to-left languages?
Seeking to port XMR to PPC64 - PlayStation 3
Is there a paper available on Monero?
Can anyone explain the working of CryptoNight?
Monero GUI wallet stuck/increasing while syncing blockchain
What is an airdrop attack?
Method not found using Monero JSON-RPC in PHP
Monero comparison wiki states zcash is not "decentralized": why?
blockchain.raw download for the testnet?
Recover XMO. ltc-xmo through changelly but in XMR wallet
Password to join xmrpool
Is more cores or more RAM better for mining?
Is there an RPC call to get the txFee of a block?
Multiple outputs & expected reward from coinbase transaction
Can't generate new wallet using Ledger Nano S on Mac OS 10.13
How do I make my macOS detect my Ledger Nano S when plugged in?
Implementing Cryptonightv1 PoW algo change but miners are able to mine with both Cryptonightv0 or Cryptonightv1 now
How does the wallet software choose mixins (decoy outputs)?
Are deducible monero transactions blackballed by default (or is there a need or plan to do so)?
How to get miners transaction size?
Wallet JSON RPC methods
Sending Monero to multiple integrated address
Do stealth address only work with elliptic curve cryptography ?
XMR send from Monero wallet GUI ending up on XMO chain
Using downloaded raw blockchain Setting up XMRig CPU miner (Monero)
Are mixins now officially called decoys (and when did that happen)?
What is the proper way to monitor payment to a monero address
Monero original giving me this strange line saying upgrade
How can I get my own genesis tx to use in my monero fork?
Syncing my full node - only connects to 1 peer
How to make a debug build of monero on mac os x?
Monero Testnet Faucet
Could proof-of-stake be implemented in a privacy coin, even in principle?
Anyone know if CoinHive uses the new Monero hashing algorithm?
Permission denied error for monero-blockchain-blackball
Monero Genesis transaction & nonce
How can I tell what difficulty my solution is?
Does anyone have test data that illustrates the CryptoNight 7 algorithm?
How to simulate (or set up) localhost as a mining pool for XMRig miner?
Steps to Fork Monero
How do I generate a Ledger Monero wallet with the CLI (monero-wallet-cli)?
Alternate Coins Implementation in this pool
lost my phone with 2FA code
Why are there transactions in the Mempool that are invalid or over 50 hours old?
Does monero v12.2 work on a raspberry pi zero wireless?
What's the relationship between the pool's advertised difficulty and the target of the jobs it sends out?
Monerod finished syncing but now never catches up in GUI wallet, monerod still syncing
Getting balance of my address connecting to a remote node via RPC API?
XMO missing in my GUI wallet
Cannot build OpenCL program for GPU 0
What is the latest version of GUI: 0.12.2.0?
Setting up monero blockchain explorer on unbuntu 16.04
How does nicehash perform share validation?
Getting notified about a new block on the Monero blockchain
I can't stop monerod (monero daemon)
Is CryptoNote.org dead?
monerod system time
Monero blockchain explorer compilation not working ubuntu 16.04
Genesis TX varint
Detecting the real output in ring signature
Though I increase number of cpu, hash rate does not increase
Are monero addresses always 95 characters long?
More detailed explanations for the db-sync-mode parameters? (i.e. safe, fast, fastest; sync, async; and nblocks_per_sync)
Torsocks server failure when running monerod with Tor on Tails
How can I build a specific branch of Monero?
How can I set a wallet to use no-coinbase mode before syncing?
How to include libboost into the executable? (Ubuntu)
Error building monero-stratum on macOS
monerod v0.12.2.0 does not start on Linux because of "./monerod: error while loading shared libraries: libpcsclite.so.1"
How to create more outputs?
What is the monero stagenet?
What is the 'bootstrap node' when creating a monero wallet via the GUI?
Is the connection over Tor between client and remote node safe?
How to restore access to wallet in Monerujo with restore password
A simple hashrate test in web browser
What is the difference between Monero (XMR) and Enigma (ENG)?
What is the difference between Monero (XMR) and CloakCoin (CLOAK)?
I tried to use aeon . But my first transaction to wallet is in the blockchain but not in my balance
reject reason: Low difficulty share
Mitigating Risks of Forking Monero
Migrating Monero Fork from Test to Production
Backup and Disaster Recovery for Monero Fork
Monerujo Send Pword Reset?
Monero Forking Guide
Why low hash rates doing SHA/CryptoNight algorithm?
Subadderess transaction. How to receive?
Genesis block successfully created but not visable in wallet-cli
Building Monero Fails but works?
Building Monero From Source on Windows 10 Pro
Mining a custom coin based on Monero
MyMonero wallet compatible with CPUminer/MinerGate
Changing difficulty levels, pre mining etc of Monero Fork
No hashrate when mining with CPUminer
How to increase CPU cache on Raspberry Pi?
MoneroWorld Remote Nodes Not Working
How to tell if start_mining is mining
monero-wallet-cli mining hash rate
Does monero p2p protocol use magic bytes?
Monero Fork Seed Nodes
monero-wallet-cli Remote Mining Intermittently works
What are the hex representations of the small subgroup curve points on Ed25519?
Is the operating system changing the hashrate(when mining with cpu)?
0 hashrate - issue when mining Monero with CPUminer
Compiling from source on ubuntu 16.04
monero-wallet-cli Error message: refresh failed
monero-wallet-cli Wallet asks for password on Ubuntu but not Windows
Merkle Tree Root for Empty Block
Trying to get private view key from hash seed generated from mymonero mnemonic (13 words) in python
How do I, on Windows, generate a Ledger Monero wallet with the CLI and subsequently use it in the GUI?
Monero hashrate falls dramatically on Azure Windows 10 Pro
How do I, on Linux, generate a Ledger Monero wallet with the CLI and subsequently use it in the GUI?
How do I, on Mac OS X, generate a Ledger Monero wallet with the CLI and subsequently use it in the GUI?
Pool mining to local wallet
Mining from multiple servers to local wallet
Error starting monerod
Automate mining on windows
Exchange for Monero Fork
make release-static-win64 Error Forking Monero
Pre-Mined Monero Fork
CLI wallet on Mac unable to connect to local node on RPi
Can't connect to my full node outside my local network
error first running new monero fork build
How to create a Genesis Block
Unauthorized access when calling monero-wallet-rpc
Monero wallet balance still zero after transfer
Check balance of an address by Monero RPC
Monero RPC send transaction from address
What solutions are there to do a refund of a transaction when sending monero xmr?
Why the syncing of the wallet is very very slow?
Restoring Wallet from Keys file
How GPU gets its mining work and nonce range?
Do I need mod approval to get my "idea" moved into the funding required phase on the getmonero.org forum?
How to programatically validate Monero address
Is mining monero to a subaddress supported?
V Fork happened yet?
Wallet Creation Height
Where is the code that compute the stealth address
I've sent real Monero from Coindirect to my stagenet wallet address, not my mainnet wallet address
How to generate a Monero wallet address with the API?
Is deanonymisation via propagation analysis possible for Monero?
What’s the point of wannacry for exchanging Bitcoins to Monero?
JSON-RPC Not Working as Shown in Wallet Guide
Hosting a Remote Node
Altcoins to Monero payment buttons for website?
CryptoNight can mine monero?
Check the Balance of Cold Storage Address - Block Explorer
Is the tx-extra field publicly visible?
Monero GUI isn't synchronizing
How is Keccak calculated in Monero?
how to estimate profit from pools?
Can I run monero desktop wallet over Tor?
X-Wallet IOS restore wallet
Support for a Ledger Nano S Recovery Plan B?
RecursionError in ed25519.py
How to update algorithm to cryptonight v1
How much traffic does the simplewallet use?
Are there Monero developers who also contribute to the development of Bitcoin?
Formula to calculate mining earnings (PPLNS/PPS)
Any ways to increase hashrate?
Universal pool configure mining wallet
When will Kovri be launched (approximately)?
Balance does not match transactions
Cold multisig wallet
Is there a monerod config file to change certain settings when you run monerod in linux?
One more question about sign transaction on cold-wallet node via wallet-rpc
What is a .bitmonero.conf template for setting up a public remote node to be accessed with the monerujo android wallet?
Monerd error on rpc-bind to make a public node
When scanning blocks via the android mobile wallets like monejuro and cakewallet, does scanning happen server side or clientside?
Node connection failed: check username / password on android monejuro monero wallet
Run monero only in local network
The exception unknown software exception (0x40000015) occurred in Monero Wallet
How to hash a blob from monero pool?
Transactions appearing out of nowhere when running monero in local network
How to buy monero for cash?
Errors setting up a Monero pool
How can I check if a transaction is mined into the blockchain?
Wrong chain, maybe - maybe not - no transaction possible, wrong balance... please help!
Implementing monero accepting for online merchant with monero-python
How do I generate a Ledger Monero wallet with the GUI (monero-wallet-gui)?
What would happen if monero were to switch to RandomJS mining algo?
What is the Monero Messaging System Used for?
Using exponentiations instead of ECC multiplication in computing Stealth address
Step by Step tutorial to mine RandomJS on Wownero?
What is the current supply of wownero as of 2018-08-01
Monero Genesis transaction & nonce - clarification
Suspicious connections - Having issues with the GUI under Debian by connection to a public remote node - PC hangs
Is it okay to host a node that connects on the clearnet?
What is Kovri and which other cryptocurrencies are implementing this feature?
what method and way and any technology is there for use GPU for coin-hive mining?
Kovri network analysis - Monero vs non Monero usage
Are multiple base points or generator points used for the ed25519 curve in monero / CN?
Hardening a mining pool
When is it safe to confirm the transaction?
Can I disclose transaction id of a transaction to the customer?
Question about incoming/outgoing merging of transaction identity
Multiplication over an elliptic curve using the monero cryptographic libraries
Privacy implications resulting from lack of xmr.to multiple output function
Monero transaction rpc call doesn't return any result for the payment ID
Helper functions for ECC operations in Monero
Can the sender find an address of the receiver of the transaction when not using GUI wallet?
Can the sender of the transaction find out via any blockchain explorer, how much money he sent?
Can I use the same Monero miner on a 32bit and 64bit os?
Accidentally added a receiving monero address, How do i delete?
What keys are being used to create the key image and how is it verified?
Troubleshooting GUI After April 6 Upgrade (Still Popping Blocks)
Who receives the change from stealth addresses?
monerod --test-drop-download vs --fast-block-sync
How does key images work when you create a transaction using two or more of your previously unspent transaction outputs?
How to Generate monero wallet on server-side(node.js) or locally?
Why are Monero fees visible?
Is there a block explorer that shows raw blocks?
Generating one time use 2FA accounts error
Computing division of ED25591 scalars
How does the get_reserve_proof command work?
Cannot get version 2 transactions to work on private testnet
Buying Monero and saving to Ledger
Multisig one to many transaction
Can you add a payment ID to a subaddress during an exchange withdrawal?
Multisignature - get one signed transaction, send another, use first signed transaction
Could a blackballs list be used maliciously?
Can known spent outputs be pruned?
How hard would it be replace the PoW checks for something else?
Can a message be encrypted with a Monero address and then decrypted by the address's owner?
What's the appropriate place to add additional validity checks for transactions?
Can the receiver determine the value $r$ from the stealth address?
Do all blocks that end up in the main chain pass through handle_block_to_main_chain at some point?
Couldn't connect to daemon: 127.0.0.1:18081
Identifying the *real* public keys of ring signatures
How can I import a blackball database to improve my privacy?
What makes decoding the total sent amount using the viewkey potentially inaccurate?
How can I convert a blackball LMDB database into a wallet-readable format?
Decrypting payment Id of integrated address
What is the function of decompose_amount_into_digits and its components?
Does the miner transaction (of a block reward) get sent to a miner's stealth address?
What do I need to change/add in order to add a field to the block struct?
Is there any way to lower the difficulty in order to mine faster on a testnet?
Daemon terminates when trying to load lmdb from new location
Can monero include actual spent input as previous transaction output?
Meaning of monerod status command output
Syncing stagenet daemon
Why does sending Monero coins out once prevent me from sending more of my remaining XMR coins immediately?
How to put username and password to connect to remote node in the Monero v0.12.3?
Getting transaction hash / ID from the raw data
Format of QR code URI scheme to add a Payment ID and do monero mobile wallets read it?
What takes the most computing time in a monero wallet?
I'm looking for a Monero miner written in Java
Would a long-time block target be annoying?
What are the changes in CryptoNight v2 PoW algorithm?
Dual (merged) mining (no additional hashpower) by guessing?
Help please wallet seed restoration
Is it true that ledger nano s can only store monero and one other coin?
Generating an integrated address using only the Monero address
How to compile monero quickly after code modification
What is the concept of Refund Transactions from the MRL?
How to check balance of monero paper wallet from nodejs?
How CryptoNote derived coins get balance from secret keys?
Difference between "Wallet" and "Account"
Removing private view key from computer after exporting from ledger?
What to do about "Please check your wallet and daemon log for errors. You can also try to start monerod.exe manually." in the GUI
Transaction to sub-address missing in GUI wallet
How do ring signatures work when there are multiple UTXOs from which you have to collect monero coin?
Need a payment ID - using Monero GUI 0.12
Did the Silk Road coins of 110,000 Bitcoins actually moved into Monero XMR during 2018 Sept?
Where can I find the selection of the decoys (stealthy addresses) when constructing a transaction?
If I received XMR in a sub-address, will my balance correctly reflect this transaction in a wallet that does not support sub-addresses?
I have repaid XMR to OKEX trading platform for 3 months. I haven't arrived. Please help me
I cannot type the password in the PowerShell, it just doesn't type anything. What should I do?
NetworkByte for Monero Stagenet
Double spend trying to use cold signing
Compiling the Command Line Wallet
Newbie questions about XMRig
Transfering from multiple accounts?
Querying wallet RPC about whether a wallet is view-only?
Running private monero mainnet
What is the difference between Monero (XMR) and Electroneum (ETN)?
What is the importance of 'save' command in monerod?
Who Generates parameters G & H for Pedersen commitment in Monero?
Hiding transaction values using pederson commitments and range proofs in accounts model
Funds received from subwallet are not showing
Is there a way to make a public message where anyone can see on the monero blockchain using payment ID?
Monero blockchain size requirements
How do miners verify the Ring Signature of a transaction?
How the H_p(x) (Hash to a point on the curve), is calculated in Monero?
How can I change the proxy settings of the official GUI / CLI?
get_bulk_payments - Method not found
How does mymonero monitor so many Monero private keys and update its balance?
Can monero be compiled/linked statically?
Upgraded Monero GUI, but getting an issue with "update needed"
Error with `import_outputs` : `"Failed to decrypt outputs: Failed to authenticate ciphertext"`
How does one query the OpenAlias DNSSEC to return an XMR address in Javascript?
Which wallets or services currently support OpenAlias?
VIRT 100G usage of monerod; Is this expected?
What is cloud mining?
When does validation of blocks occur
Anyway to pick which monero subaddresses one can use?
Monero-Proxy for JSON RPC
Error building on Windows 10
Monero wallet not working with Ledger on Mac High Sierra (was working previously)
Mining at pool: All results are rejected
Monero wallet balance
We are quite new into Cryptonote technology! We are looking for a web wallet!
How synchronization with a remote node works?
Why does the ledger HW doesn't support getting the tx keys?
What is the transaction fee?
Monero to Bitcoin transaction XMR.TO
How to generate integrated addresses without a node?
An example of transaction with at least two subaddress destinations
Installing XMR-stak CPU only on Ubuntu 18.04
Monero Wallet RPC: tx_blob is always empty
Questions about tx_description field in URI
What exactly are bulletproofs replacing in monero?
Can pool miners update early and then the pool software will automatically ask its workers for new POW when necessary?
P2P, RPC and Server related code
Would it be possible to use PoS on Monero without corrupting privacy and if possible how?
Implementation of monero on other curves
Does change appear as an output in a transaction?
ed25519 point structs
The entire lifecycle of an XMR transaction with RingCT
Correlation between transaction vout key and an address
Location of merkleroot per block / block header
Auditing incoming transactions in Monero
Why are all build statuses on Monero's Github failing?
Auditing outgoing transactions in Monero
How are transactions validated in monero vs bitcoin?
How does the ring sig work: practical explanation?
Why must each input have a separate set of decoys?
Understanding get_block Blob data?
Using the monero cli on ubuntu. How do I set it to use a remote node?
What is a scenario when the other members of the ring signature would have multiple keys?
Using crypto library from wallet
How does signing the hash of the public key show that the signer knew the private key?
Going through customs in a foreign country. I want to delete my monerujo app. Can I re-download with everything intact?
How do I find the value behind the pederson commitment?
how does monero schedule an algorithm update?
I run a full monero node, is there a way to see my node on the network? Can I mark my node some how?
Base58 prefix, network id and wallet address prefix
What is monero-blockchain-ancestry?
Does the Key Image leak privacy information?
Syncing several wallets in the same ledger with local node. (start again switching)
How does having a negative number in a Pedersen commitment, create money out of thin air?
Is this Monero python implementation complete & trustworthy?
Where does the actual decryption of the recipient stealth address occur?
Issue when updating to 0.13 - Monero GUI Wallet - Network Status - Wrong Version
Command for returning transactions in json format to external code
Monero Ring Signature data
Creating a wallet from the command line using monero-cli command?
What is the proper way of scanning a bunch of monero private keys to get an updated balance?
Error while loading shared libraries: libhidapi-libusb.so.0: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
GUI / monerod v0.13.0.3 does not start on Linux because of "./monero-wallet-gui: error while loading shared libraries: libhidapi-libusb.so.0"
GUI v0.13.0.3 does not start on Mac OS X (monero-wallet-gui cannot be opened because of a problem - Library missing)
How would I exploit the fact that I knew the scalar used for H in the Pedersons Commitment w.r.t G?
Daemon after update to v0.13.0.3 gives ERROR output
Where in the PoW block header is the variant version?
Why do we use different H values in a vector Pedersen Commitment?
Monero fees are .0000456 after bulletproofs. Will it get smaller as more transactions go into a block?
Was there evidence of any ASICS after the new POW upgrade in october 2018?
After bulletproofs upgrade, is scanning of the blocks faster for a balance update?
Creating a wallet in non-interactive mode using monero-wallet-cli?
Maximum optimal transaction fees and max transactions per block after bulletproofs upgrade?
Ledger Nano S Transaction Error: unexpected error: Wrong Device Status : SW=6911 (EXPECT=9000, MASK=ffff)
monero blocks /min , too many, should be just 1 every 2 min
Relation between monero jobs (blob) and new blocks
Consistency failure in amounts received
Monero Not connecting to Daemon after upgrading to v0.13.0.3 on Windows 10
Transfer stuck for 2 days with "Unconfirmed incoming transaction found in the txpool" message. Why and what can I do?
Does bisq have a monero premium when buying?
How to unlock a PENDING order in Monero Wallet GUI?
Can't create transaction: internal error: Daemon response did not include the requested real output
concatenate in the monero world
XMR to XMO (Recovery)
Monerod and wallet fully synced, not recognizing transactions made before the fork as valid
Replacing an older version monero-wallet-gui.app with a newer version
Unlocked Balance 0 , Balance is correct.
XMR Withdrawal issues
RingCt Is It Less Safe to Send the Whole Amount
monerod getting killed, out of mermory possibly?
Connect to remote node using moner-wallet-cli with --daemon-address with a password?
what's the monero burning bug details
monerod v0.13.0.4 being killed / crashed randomly it seems
Key Image and Ring Member
Finding mixins with daemon RPC call
Hangs on "Forking to background..." ( `monero-gui-v0.13.0.3` on Ubuntu 18.04 LTS )
How are coinbase transactions masked so that they fit the ringCT protocol?
Trying to update a small analysis, does anyone have a source on current median transaction sizes?
How to understand Monero source code?
Logging into moneropool
Where can I find the step by step new user's install guide to windows 10 gui?
Does /get_transaction return ring signatures or key image?
Can xmr.to work without javascript?
Unrecognized TXN format, incorrect balance v0.13.0.4
Can you determine the change transaction sent back to you?
Signatures instead of rct_signatures in a transaction
How do I connect the GUI wallet to a TLS remote node?
Hard fork versions
How does concatenation occur in crypto_ops::derivation_to_scalar
Why do I have to export the private view key every time I use my Ledger?
If the Monero started with rCT, would it be needed to have any part of the codebase handling dust?
RPC throwing "method not found" error when I'm trying to call from curl
CryptoNight detail. Why this kind of multiplication?
Why is it necessary in confidential transactions to have two generators?
allow access to the daemon for everyone
Explanation of how exactly the pederson commitments in monero work?
Use bip39 mnemonic to generate monero keys
Running the GUI wallet connected to a daemon on my home network - How do I mark the daemon as 'trusted'?
Reasons for the way the mask/amount is calculated?
Why is it necessary to have such long addresses?
Does Monero (XMR) or Pirate (ARRR) offer better privacy and security?
How is the used Pedersen commitment kept secret?
Unable to connect to monero-wallet-rpc from code
Monero GUI Crash on Launch "api-ms-win-core-libraryloader-l1-2-0.dll is missing"
What do these two lines in electrum-words.cpp do?
Trojans and generic suspicious malware blocked by MalwareByte while downloading blockchain
Is a mnemonic for view only wallet possible?
Unable to send amount below one (.x) in Mac OS and Windows OS GUI
How to save wallet after create_address?
Fix "[P2P0]WARNING: no two valid MoneroPulse DNS checkpoint records were received" in systemd file
Why there are four parameters for hard fork?
Why does Monero use epee in the crypto module?
How to switch the algorithm according to hard fork height?
How do bulletproofs work?
Churning and subaddresses
I cannot start monero-wallet-rpc. I receive the error: no connection to daemon
Why does the Bulletproof prover always have T1 = rct::scalarmultKey(T1, INV_EIGHT)?
Can any one please tell me where I can find the latest python implementation of monero RingCT?
Monero GUI: How do I switch back to my Ledger Nano S wallet from my original wallet
Global index of output
onion-monero-blockchain-explorer together with Apache webserver
API call for ring members
dual wallet confusion
Run monero only in LAN
Invalid rpc-bind-ip address when using a bash script to pass node IP to the --rpc-bind-ip argument
Please help noob to start monero wallet recording deposit or withdrawal events
How do I restore / recreate my Ledger Monero wallet?
How does the miner know the public key for the signature in the block?
What is the monero-wallet-rpc/deamon-rpc?
How to call get_hashes.bin RPC method?
If I delete the .bitmonero data.mdb, will it delete my wallet or the ability for me to access my wallet?
What is the logic behind sc_add?
Differences between Monero and CryptoNote?
I want to mine Monero but I do not have money for a better GPU / equipment
Go or Rust library to use Monero
Can an output public key appear more than once in the blockchain
What is the block height from which RingCT was implemented?
What would be the process for creating a Monero transaction on paper?
How can someone verify funds in a XMR wallet usint public viewkey?
output_tx on Genesis Block
Monero GUI is unable to finish the synchronization
I can't tell if monerod is mining. Log says "idle percentage is 63%, miner percentage is 38%"
Generate an integrated address from a different wallet's standard address
What should I do if a refund from XMR.to did not include a payment ID
How to restore Monero RPC Wallet from seed
How can I buy 'Mastering Monero' via XMR?
RPC binary request with Python
Can miners see sender's information?
What are some reliable public monero nodes one can connect to using their Monerujo app?
Does Monero have a mining reward halving like how Bitcoin's mining reward gets cut in half every 4 years?
Can't seem to reconstruct hashing blob for old block
How to create a Payment ID with the Monero RPC Wallet?
Running a Monero Node on Linux (Ubuntu 16.04) with no incoming connections
How are subaddresses and account addresses generated from master wallet keys?
What happens to a transaction inside an orphan block
Problem with the Monero GUI Wallet and multiple transactions
Opening Port 18080 for Incoming Connections on Router
Monero GUI is unable to start monerod on Ubuntu 18.04
Is it better to mine Monero on solo mining or joining a mining pool?
How does the Beam mimblewimble project compare to monero?
What is the best way to help the Monero network?
Monero wallet issue with multiple accounts
How is the number of ring members selected?
Where and how to start to understand Monero?
How to convert Bitcoin mnemonic to Monero mnemonic?
Is it safe to use a remote node?
Accounts got deleted from the wallet
What stops testnet & stagenet coins from acquiring monetary value?
Can I copy the Windows C:\ProgramData\bitmonero folder to my linux ~/.bitmonero folder to be used with Monero gui?
Should I use sub-addresses more?
Which is the best way to integrate Monero in a e-commerce website?
Where is the best place to propose ideas for Monero
Monero GUI wallet address in combination with the Ledger Nano S
What is the difference between v7 and v8?
Is it possible to solo mine Monero (XMR) using AMD and Nvidia GPUs in the same rig?
Are there separate view keys for each account in a Monero wallet?
How is the number of key images for a transaction selected?
Can the Monero daemon bind to a UNIX socket?
Multiple accounts in the same wallet
Why did I get an 'using an untrusted daemon' warning?
Tutorial on how to make a trade on the Bisq Decentralized Exchange using Monero to Bitcoin?
Why has my Monero daemon failed to start?
CryptoNight heavy vs CryptoNight light
Why does the Monero difficulty increase?
Will the Multisig Messaging System improve Monero security and performance?
Is there a javascript implementation to generate your Monero subaddresses without giving out your private-spend key?
I set up my public node to use port 18089, but why does monerod keep trying to connect to port 18081?
How does the code for scalar reduction work?
What should users, node operators and honest miners do in the event of a suspected 51% attack?
Should I use a hardware wallet?
Why did I get an error -18 whilst attempting an RPC transfer?
At what dates did the Monero blockchain version update?
What are the main advantages / disadvantages between proposed RandomX to ProgPoW?
How does one burn and provide a proof-of-burn in Monero?
Minimum and maximun number of mixin right now?
How was the generator H for the RingCT scheme chosen?
Is it possible to create a Monero miner in Python?
Nano Ledger S in GUI won't sync, blocks remaining keeps resetting
How does the mixing work?
Where are the signatures of a ring coming from?
Can't open GUI wallet with Ledger Nano S after 1.5.5 firmware update
My antivirus (AV) software blocks / quarantines the Monero GUI wallet, is there a work around I can utilize?
Calling MyMonero API with generated parameters
Why does the Monero GUI wallet not save the daemon flags?
How do I check my public facing remote node is up and running via a web browser?
Why does imported wallet not show correct balance?
What is the best Python library for hashing Cryptonight?
Do all Monero private spend keys start with a 3? What other patterns are there?
Are there other URL parameters when querying a Monero node's get_info method?
Error: not enough outputs for specified ring size = 11
Unable to send coins from freshly forked monero
I'm trying to create a Python miner, can I get some guidance please?
Which fork version is the py-cryptonight hash library using?
How can I configure a node for use by Monerujo?
Why can I not recover my Monero wallet?
Monero block explorer, xmrblocks, build failing
Monero fork wont mine blocks after height 3062
How does one craft a Monero transaction locally, sign with their private key and then broadcast using javascript?
Is there a written document or resource about CryptoNight v2?
Problem with Ledger Nano S and Monero GUI: Invalid password
Monero fork: block creation time fluctuation
Can someone show me how to hash with CryptoNight in Python?
How can I generate the blockhashing blob for my Python miner?
What are some proposed solutions to preventing ASIC's from mining Monero?
Acquiring greater than 51% of the Monero network can pose what kind of risks?
Are there any neat tricks to enable SPV like functionality for Monero?
What exactly do miners communicate with a pool?
Which CPU/GPU Monero miner for macOS?
Is Monero really decentralized, if the dev team can easily change the POW algorithm to fight off ASICs so easily?
Why did the Monero GUI fail to generate a new wallet with the Ledger?
Will I need to update wallet and miner after the next upcoming (March 2019) fork?
Low security sync mode?
Monero Fork: Blocks are not mining for more than 20 Hrs
Monero Fork: Transaction hash is not generated from the wallet RPC
Which is the most efficient way to run a Monero full node on a bare-metal hypervisor?
How to check a detached daemon without a wallet?
Can I generate a spend-proof with a cold-wallet?
How is CryptoNight variant 4 increasing the CPU to ASIC performance ratio?
How can I churn or send an individual Monero input?
Who created the Monero ASICs during 2019-Jan to 2019-Mar?
Daemon sync questions
Where can I find the transaction amount checking logic in the source code?
What are the differences between Cryptonight-R and Cryptonight v4?
Are Monero hashes generated based off of the block header?
Understanding the structure of Monero's LMDB and how explore its contents using mdb_stat
How do I convert my old v0.13 node to a v0.14 pruned node when I already have the full 65gb downloaded?
Which part of the daemon RPC is restricted?
Simulating stealth address construction with JavaScript
Monero daemon log rotation
ShapeShift from Monero to BTC
Is there a service to enter in Monero private view keys to see current balance?
Building a service to hold Monero private keys. I need to update user's balance every 1-3 hours
Making a public Monero node with RPC open so I can connect to it from my app
Why not, on the next Monero fork upgrade, start fresh with balances intact?
What does the restricted_rpc option actually restrict when running monerod?
Are there any test input and output vectors for the variant 4 PoW of Monero out there?
Error calling RPC method create_wallet with curl
Monerod crashes on startup - Failed to create SSL certificate
How can I back up my node efficiently?
What year will monero be fully mined?
Does the Coinomi wallet have a copy of your private view key? How do they make transactions?
Stable coin on Tari?
Implications and remedies of fixed 'H' in Pedersen commitment
How to run a local daemon with android?
Possible to turn off CLI Wallet logging?
Wrong Device Status: SW=6e00, EXPECT=9000, MASK=ffff
How can one solo-mine Monero using their laptop?
How to access Monero functions on Android?
Monero wallet says sent 25 XMR, other wallet says 0 received!
How to check payments and process new deposits
Error using monero-wallet-rpc: No wallet file
After a fork, if a user opens an incompatible GUI/CLI, what information is presented to the user which says they are using old software?
Monero wallet code base dependencies and APIs?
Ledger and Monero GUI v0.14 transaction problem
What are the key differences from the LOKI project which was a fork of monero?
Are there any Monero devs involved with the LOKI project?
Is there any enforcement on a transaction output being associated with an address?
How do I stop locking my balance when executing transactions?
How can I create a million blocks in regtest or testnet?
What's the difference between the CryptoNightR and RandomX algorithms?
Recovering Cake wallet from a lost iPhone to MyMonero on Android
Is automated churning of XMR bad for privacy?
My Ledger Monero wallet shows an incoming transaction with a value of zero (0), how do I resolve this issue?
How do I use long payment IDs in CLI v0.14 / GUI v0.14?
Android Monerujo - Node connection failed! Check Username / Password
Is there a bitmonero.conf file where I can hard code a --daemon-address for use when running monero-wallet-cli?
Command to transfer XMR from a subaddress via the monero-wallet-cli command?
Is there a way to tell if a Monero node is on, even though it is not public facing and behind a router?
Does the Monero executable for Windows not have a code signing certificate?
Building an integrated address from a regular address and old-style payment ID
What does "Enable Sales tracker" do?
Post quantum signature scheme integration in Monero
Which two strings I need to get from tx_json, if I want to determine whether output is mine or not?
Where is the monero conf file in the portable binaries version?
Are there any CryptoNote Monero forks that have a company backing the project?
How to generate a Monero wallet programatically?
How to use the --extra-messages-file option?
Daemon stopped syncing
Connect to a LOKI remote node when using the CLI wallet
How do I make a monerod RPC call in Python? (e.g. /get_transactions)
Using monero-wallet-cli to do a transfer after version 0.14+
Sent some monero with the cli using the transfer command. How can I get the key to view proof that I sent it using an monero explorer?
In LOKI, how do you tell how much loki is being staked?
In Loki, Can you stake more than the requirement in a service node?
Transaction stuck pending
Can a new participant be added onto a multisisg 2/3 scheme?
How can I check the network usage of my Monero node?
Does the monero-powpy miner check if it has a new job?
Time from the block added to the pool to time it gets executed
Generate Monero Private/Public Key using PHP Only?
transfer fails with invalid output
How many destinations can there be for a single transaction?
Would an attacker knowing the block-heights of my wallet's transactions weaken my privacy/security?
Difference between Wallet Sync and Daemon Sync
Transferring to multiple addresses issue
How does address recovery work?
monero-wallet-rpc while running GUI?
Generating key derivation in construct_miner_tx
How to cross compile monero to a ARMv7 target on a x86-64 host?
I want to run a node. Is it better for the community for me to run it at home, or on a VPS?
What is the difference between Monero (XMR) and Ryo (RYO)?
What is the difference between Monero (XMR) and Beam (BEAM)?
What is the difference between Monero (XMR) and Grin (GRIN)?
Monero Fork syncing problem
How does a node maintain its anchor peer list?
Adding additional output field in transaction for output validation
Monero still in my wallet as unmixable
Using Trezor, trying to retrieve tx_key
Minergate CLI mines only XMC but not Monero XMR
How does commitment to zero work?
How to calculate Monero addresses for different account numbers?
How does Monero use DNS to discover seed nodes?
How do multisig wallet seeds work?
Determining the private view key by observing the exchange of MultisigV1 strings
Commitment to zero vs one-time public key signature
Is it possible to change the mnemonic seed of a monero wallet?
What is the significance of monero switching the G and H points in a Pedersen commitment?
Trying to understand how RCTTypeSimple works
Why does a node try all grey peers to create a connection?
How do I manually generate a base58 private key from my secret spendkey?
Get public key of tx that currently in txpool
Doing a Send Transfer using monero-cli v0.14.0.2 with long payment id enabled, still getting errors on send
Received monero, how many confirmations do I need to wait before fully confirmed?
Correctly retrieving the tx_pubkey from a transaction
Background mining + monero-wallet-cli + pool?
Relationship between pseudoOuts and Real outputs
Why not use bLSAG for one input instead of MLSAG?
Different MLSAG implementations across papers
Monero hard fork - cant mine new transactions
How to get the time at which a transaction was added to the pool?
Pool of very different PCs
How can I use Monero RPC via Python
Key image forgery
What would the space saving difference be if MLSAG was applied over all inputs?
Any quick way for me to test my browser's hash rate for CryptoNight v2?
Block Structure Of Monero
How do you force create a new monero address on coinomi?
Where is the ring-signature article by luigi1111 referenced in the multi-part stealth-address steemit post?
How is there no key image for the commitment to zero in MLSAG?
My balance just disappeared
tool that convert decimal amount to variant and create tx hash
What PoW hashing algorithms did Monero historically use?
Transfer with wallet RPC
Transfer RPC 401 Unauthorized
Digest Authentication in monero-wallet-rpc
Wallet RPC transaction notification
Bitfinex seems to be cutting off the last 3 chars of my 95 char Monero address
Can a Monero account get blocked?
How are fees computed?
Failure of Daemon to connect
What is the impact of having perfectly hidden but only computationally bound commitments?
How long would it take to get the monero blockchain size to over 100 GB and 200 GB at today's usage rate?
Is there any discussion about creating one-time use Monero addresses?
How can I get outgoing connections with pfSense as my router?
When setting up Monero wallet with Ledger nano S, what are the options 'restore height' and 'subaddress lookahead' for?
Transaction not received on ledger s nano
Unable to see my 25 word mnemonic seed?
Blockchain frozen during sync on Qubes+Whonix
Running a full node on Tails
In which order does a node select peers to create a connection?
Is there a transaction time lock mechanism in Monero?
List of transaction hashes in chronological order?
Should Monero use ElGamal commitments instead of Pedersen commitments?
Monero Wallet in "livecoin.net"
Just mined with an old version v0.13.0.4 and upgraded to v0.14.0.2. Reward now missing
Kovri / Sekreta development status
Need help allowing my node to go remote
SYNCRONIZATION MONERO GUI WALLET
Using monero-php, I am getting "Method not found" when calling open_wallet
How to generate a unique deposit address for a Monero wallet
Ledger Nano S and Ledger Live Desktop not showing XMR
Ledger Nano S and seed words
Monero transfer privacy
Generate Integrated Address JS
Help! - 1.5 XMR Bounty
LEDGER WITH BTC AND MONERO WALLET
LEDGEE NANO S WITH BOTH BTC WALLET AND MONERO WALLET
How to get the base transaction hash from the blocktemplate_blob
How do I handle "WARNING: You may not have a high enough lockable memory limit, see ulimit -l"?
Where is the encrypted mask value?
Monero GUI upgrade problem
Code a mining pool from scratch
How to enable installation of monero gui, blocked by windows 10?
Are transactions with multiple real inputs bound to require all the real inputs
Is there a way to use CLI wallet non-interactively?
Can someone help me understand the dynamic block size in Monero?
What are the current staking and mining rewards for the Loki Network as of 2019-May?
Steps to generate a job for miners using a mining pool
Using sneurlax/monerojs and I'm having a problem connecting to wallet
Is userland running monero gui possible and safe?
Is Monero compatible with Windows Subsystem for Linux
transaction verification failed on monero-blockchain-import
Ledger Monero wallet
RESTORE MONERO GUI ON OTHER DESKTOP
Does using a remote node compromise the whole wallet?
How can we be sure that there is no bias in calculating H?
Is there a monero wallet that can do a range proof?
How can I accept Monero payments from my classifieds ads website with unique client information
Static compiling dependencies
Validate the result of a job sent by a miner
Monero Wallet RPC stops responding to Monero Python module after some time
I can't reproduce a hash sent from a miner [javascript]
How to identify sender when they send monero?
Remote peers and mining question with playground network
How can I use the SpendProofV1 to prove I sent Monero to an exchange?
"Error writing wallet from hardware device" on Monero GUI v0.14.0.0 and Ledger Nano S updated to firmware v 1.5.5 running on Windows 7
Withdraw XMR from exchange EXMO, and deposit to Monero GUI
How does the seed offset passphrase affect entropy?
How does a wallet check when their output has been spent from the keyimage shown in a tx?
Can I create multiple wallets using the same hardware device (Ledger Nano S is this case)?
Missing Node tab on Monero GUI app v0.14.0? How do I set the daemon host?
Is it possible to connect to multiple remote nodes?
Do I need to wait for the entire blockchain to download before daemon will connect to wallet?
DIFFICULTY IN WITHDRAWAL XMR FROM EXMO WALLET
does current monero support submitting signed transactions from file?
How to create wallets using monero-wallet-rpc?
Daemon thinks it's connected but keeps saying "there were 0 blocks in the last 90 minutes..."
Withdrew XMR, Still Missing 5 Days Later
How do I generate a Trezor Monero wallet with the CLI (monero-wallet-cli)?
How to enable pruning in the command line of the monero blockchain in version v0.14.1?
What is the best way of monitoring if monerod is still running on a VPS server?
Can I copy my pruned blockchain .bitmonero folder to another computer and start syncing?
Getting "Error retrieving blocks, missed (#) transactions for block with hash" while running pruned node
Errors in creating view-only wallet in Monero GUI v0.14
Web wallet for Monero where I can use view-only wallet and generate offline transactions
Is using a remote node more private than using Electrum on Tails
Using remote note on v0.14.0.2 - takes forewer to sync
Missing functionality / screen controls in Monero GUI app v0.14.0
Where can one download the entire Loki Network (Monero Fork) blockchain without syncing from scratch?
Monero GUI app v0.14.0 not showing mnemonic seed and secret keys may have 'filler' values
Can I identify the true input of a transaction as the spender on an explorer?
How do I operate the Monero GUI as a 'cold' wallet from an air-gapped computer?
Uptime proof for your Loki Network Service Node?
I sent a transaction on an out of date wallet. Have I lost my XMR?
"Segmentation Error" in monerod on TAILS in previously synced 0.14.0 GUI. Am I screwed and need to start over?
Missing Monero in My Monero-GUI wallet
Trouble setting up Local Node on Tails
Why are the Monero GUI components (exes) flagged by AV as malware?
Android mobile app 'cold' wallets that allow cold signing TXs, saving the file to an SD card and loading updates into it by file?
Monero missing from pool payout to exchange wallet
How payment proof is used?
Possible to mine XMR on Nvidia P500 Pascal Mobile?
Are Monero transaction types versioned?
What is the difference between RCTTypeBulletproof and RCTTypeBulletProof2?
Why are there 4 types of range proofs in the Monero code base?
How does a Monero node know to reject Borromean range proofs
What is the difference between tx version 1 and RingCT version 2?
Why do we have MLSAG when we only need two keys?
What is the difference between simplewallet, wallet and wallet2?
Digest authentication with monero-wallet-rpc
What is key64 data type supposed to represent?
How is Poloniex keeping track of their user's Monero balances when they do not use any Payment ID's?
Creating an integrated address from an exchange's monero deposit address with their payment id
When constructing a change output, must it be destined for the main public address?
What is the best way to implement a deposit system with Monero's RPC calls?
freezed computer -> force restart -> monero created address disappeared (but already sent coin to this address)
Can someone suggest a better way to test transfers for development testing?
Can a pool keep blocks for itself without giving out rewards to miners?
What are the different commands for `balance [detail]` in monero-wallet-cli
How do I generate a Trezor Monero wallet with the GUI (monero-wallet-gui)?
Using Monero as a payment source for my business
Is it possible to mine on your CPU and GPU at the same time?
Monero GUI hacked? Transaction 'To:' field says "Unknown recipient" & did not receive sent amount in other address
Does a CPU or GPU mine better on the RandomX algorithm for Monero mining?
How many hashes does an AMD Threadripper 1950X do on the RandomX Monero mining algorithm?
Which exchanges have implemented subaddresses for deposits and phased out payment IDs?
Opening Ledger with wallet v0.14.1.0 Boron Butterfly
How do I restore / recreate my Trezor Monero wallet?
How do I utilize blockchain pruning in the GUI (monero-wallet-gui)?
Is there a way to see all the transactions coming through my Monero node?
How much memory does monerod take on a Ubuntu server?
How to construct a transaction with multiple inputs (joint payments)?
Listing payments on subaddresses
Transferring from Monero to MyMonero Wallet
What other cryptocurrency has implemented the RandomX PoW for mining?
Monero GUI self-hosted node issue with Ledger - it keeps requesting password
Can the monero-wallet-rpc handle multiple requests at the same time?
Is the upcoming release of the Monero GUI v0.14.2.0 or v0.15.0?
Updating Your Loki Service Node using the Loki Launcher
Is “restore height” necessary when I use hardware wallet（ledger）to restore my account？
Creating a Monero Wallet using Ledger device
How can I sync the blockchain from scratch, gently in the background?
How do I create a Monero testnet wallet address and account?
How to interpret the output from the 'print_ring' command in monero-wallet-cli?
Using the wallet RPC method create_wallet, how do we find our wallet address?
Monero wallet stuck
Is there a way to see the blockheight at a specific point in time?
Is the wallet address and generated account address the same?
What is the optimal configure.json setting for mining Random XL using xmrig on Loki?
How to generate Genesis TX for custom fork
Resource: Monero based forks adress prefix list
Questions regarding Monero wallet keys file, RPC transfer method, fee estimate and account index
Fork GUI not building
Integrated Address generation gives 16 bit randomly generated payment ID
Rescan Ledger wallet from 0 in the GUI?
genesis varint limit
Missing transaction. XMR sent to Monerujo wallet
Can Monero support smart contracts
How to get the balance of an integrated address?
Why don't the XMR-Stak Linux release binaries support NVIDIA GPUs for cryptonight_r?
Why does Monero create two or more inputs for transactions?
How are Monero seed nodes selected?
Monero sent to own wallet by accident but it doesn't show up?
How much "Earned uptime credit" do I get when staking Loki on a Service Node?
Loki Daemon Node Crashed with Error Adding Block with hash and stuck at 99.99% sync
How to mine Aeon after compiling source locally
Zero balance on wallet cli
Aeon K12 update, ASIC resistance and mobile mining
Why are I/O bound instructions not used as part of a hashing algorithm to thwart ASICs
Syncing new GUI and laptop restarted midway through, now when I load it says: Couldn't open wallet:std::bad_alloc
Monero RPC - Failed to parse transaction from daemon
How does Monero protect users from inflation bugs if the blockchain can't be audited?
Where are the input keys stored for a transaction (understanding vin field)
Scanning and updating Monero balance with private key using only monerod rpc?
Enable Loki Network Node for public access and also to view /get_info using loki.conf file
Pregenerate 1000 subaddresses from your monero private key?
Balance is 0.00 or zero not showing up when gui is synced
Monero Pegged Token on other blockchain networks
I made up a payment ID when sending, will it go through?
What's the maximum amount of transactions returned by the get_transfer RPC method?
Pool vs proxy for 1000 users?
Monero wallet RPC transfer issue, intermittent problem
Swiping an NFC implant / chip
How do I purchase Monero when I live in US?
Is running a full node on an HDD bad for the network?
monerod sync suddenly got slow, how to speed it up?
Can a xmr proxy mine without a pool?
monero-wallet-gui v0.14.1.0 will not fully sync on local node
How do I run a remote node on windows (so I can connect mobile wallets to my own node)
