What motivated Cersei to engage with Lancel Lannister?
What computers and keyboards are in the eleventh Doctor's console?
Siblings move in with creepy uncle
Why wasn't Arya left at the Eyrie?
What were the animated loops supposed to be?
Is Person of Interest sci-fi?
Did Kevin Spacey use to look...different?
What was the galaxy formation Rust saw before confronting Erol Childress?
What were Norma and Gloria doing in the season 2 finale?
What's on page 47?
Is courage the cowardly dog a sad cartoon show?
Was Assistant DA Serena Southerlyn known to be gay before her exit on the show?
What happened to Lazenby as Bond?
What is the difference between science fiction and horror?
Is Broccoli Rob dead?
Are there any September 11, 2001 references in the Law and Order 2001-02 season?
Does Major Cage Still Have the Reset Ability?
Why is the ghost on the uniform patch making a peace sign?
Who really is "the meanest motherfucker in the valley"?
Why was Tuco willing to buy from Walt & Jesse?
"Company Name Presents..." - what does it mean?
What does a movie producer do?
Why do people in movies commit suicide by slitting their wrists in the wrong direction?
Why are knights titled "Ser" in Game of Thrones?
Did Jules Winfield know Vincent Vega before the Royale with Cheese scene?
How can credits (like closing credits) be found?
An innocent man kills his family because there was no hope
Do "American" military movies generally profit outside of the US?
How did Mr. Chandler know how to help possessed Vanessa?
Why was the necklace given to Sansa in season 4?
Why didn't Hank connect the locations the blue meth had been found with Gus?
What changed the Judge's sympathy?
Alien on the run, Alien Cop chasing
What is the purpose of Rust's one-eye mirror?
Did the cousins intend to return for their Mercedes?
Why did the cousins murder the other people in the smuggling truck?
How do Kryten's spare heads work?
Does the White Walker induction ceremony exist in the books?
Who is that girl who attacked Daenerys in the episode "Valar Dohaeris" (S03E01)?
Why such a complex plan to smuggle the poison to the Purple Wedding?
Who is in the painting behind Mycroft's desk in "The Empty Hearse"?
B&W animation in which old Asian lady finds huge ship
Are Sean Bean's characters more prone to die than others?
Why blindfold nightwing when the alpha obviously doesn't need to look at a dragon's eyes?
The origin of the loss of the Fourth Wall?
Trope for nonlethal force being used in film fight scenes?
Why was Mrs. Columbo unpopular?
What were the motivations behind the murder?
Why did American History X end so unexpectedly?
What foreshadowing was Corey Feldman's character referring to in Dream A Little Dream?
What is the History between Tom Quinn and Tessa Phillips
Is Dr. Alfred Jones autistic, or just 'English'?
Was there a Fifth Horseman?
Why does nobody but Daenerys call themselves King (or Queen) of the Rhoynar?
Why didn't Tony Stark take back his Mark 2 Armor that was used to create War Machine?
How did Jack Crawford know Clarice was in danger once the FBI realized the house in Illinois was empty?
Did Tony post guys outside of Happy's hospital room and have them require badges to get in?
At the beginning of True Blood who knows about Sookie's abilities?
Why did Rose throw the diamond necklace overboard?
Did Rose die at the end of Titanic, or was she dreaming?
Symbols of Borgman
What mass is a 'teenth?
How much time passes during Season 1?
What format do movie theaters now use?
An old couple kill some young strangers happily
How was the whipping scene accomplished in Django Unchained?
Was Raoul Silva M's son?
In Hustle, why do they have rules for the long con but not the short con?
Were the barn scenes in Transformers: Age of Extinction and Astronaut Farmer filmed at the same location?
Why can't the two guys in Snatch use their replica pistols which they previously tested successfully?
Season ending of Jericho
What was the end conclusion for the movie The Man From Earth
What's the deal with John From Cincinnati?
What was John Doe's backstory in the eponymous TV series?
Is Hulk in The Avengers the same Hulk from The Incredible Hulk?
Why is Spider-Man left out of The Avengers?
Does Ofelia imagine drawing doors in Pan's Labyrinth?
Does How to Train Your Dragon TV series follow on from the movie and build up to the new movie?
Why isn't James Bond a code name?
The Matrix vs. eXistenZ: how did they influence each other?
A movie with giant lampreys (snake-like sea creatures) attacking a boat
Can Product Placement in Movies break the 4th Wall?
Did Malvo Kill the Car Salesman?
When does the ISIS gang get slap-happy?
Who's the burnt guy brought in?
Why Did Lester Frame His Nephew?
What is the movie term for only seeing what is on camera?
Has the book 'Non - Stop' by Brian Aldiss ever been adapted for film/tv?
Who decides the genre of a movie?
Help identifying a sniper movie
How are ratings determined?
How does The Day of the Jackal have a PG rating?
Why wasn't Cage strapped in for the final raid?
What's the significance of the flashbacks?
Origin of the phrase "You're either very brave, or very stupid"
Help identify this Mech movie
Did the bodachs know Odd could see them?
Why is the phone ringing?
Why did the ancient evil give Flyte a biological sample?
How did Gustave and Zero know that Agatha was in danger?
What was the meaning of the fish?
Why didn't Sherlock just destroy Irene Adler's phone?
How to sort Marvel Cinematic Universe hero movies into a chronological order?
Why did Jack kill this character?
Is Podrick really such a good lover?
How does Optimus heal himself in Age of extinction?
What is Black Widow's service record?
How can Philip J. Fry be his own grandfather if he is sterile?
What exactly does a director do in an animated feature?
Why was the episode "The Mountain of Youth" almost lost?
Abstract art snuck into Disney film?
What did the Meth Head think he was digging for?
Why was Jericho Cancelled and is there any way to know the missing episodes' story?
Was Leonard's wife really raped?
Is Lisa quoting something else in Deep Space Homer, or did the writers write this themselves?
Why are humans often used in movies irrelevant to the story?
How did Bran get over the wall?
Aliens and vampires don't sell?
Why doesn't Hollywood make movies related to epic stories like Mahabharata or Ramayana?
How does Murphy overcome the "Red Asset"?
Not using the obvious test to proof RoboCop's superiority over pure machines?
Why did no one want to treat Kili's wound after Thorin left for the Lonely Mountain?
Why did the train need to keep moving?
Who was Lister's Grandmother?
Why did the Great Gasby (2013) movie erase the hints of Nick Carraway's homosexuality?
Is it normal in USA/UK to use the phone while driving?
What did the diamond patterns on Fredrica's dress mean?
How many people have been test subjects on the Sattelite of Love?
What is the translation of the song in 40-Year-Old Virgin?
Nylon brush in a Western?
Why did they start the war?
Dave Chappelle and Half Baked
Why does the prime minister "redistribute" Natalie?
Is there a name for a dead character (both male and female) that appears more frequently than others in TV / movie scripts?
In the movies - Do wire transfers really work?
Other apes with gained intelligence?
Why does air traffic control react a certain way in "The Strain" S01E01?
How was The Second Coming received by Christian groups?
What is the function of Darth Vader's helmet?
Did Ryan really never cry?
What does the barkeeper say to James Bond (possibly in Turkish)?
Laura's coconut secret
Why is it Okay for movies / TV shows, to show that their story is based on real events when it is actually not?
What did Hank find under Walt's car in S2E2 (Grilled) and why was it there?
What is the significance of the wolf in last episode of the first season of "Fargo"?
The meaning of the adopted African boy in Fargo?
How did Baby's Dad let her down in Dirty Dancing?
How was the flu so deadly in Season 4 of The Walking Dead?
Did Walter kill Donny in The Big Lebowski?
How did Zander Barcalow get to be an instructor so quickly?
What is the main theme in Breaking bad?
What made it an opportune time to roll out the Russian Flu Vaccine?
Actor appearing in ITV (Uk tv) 118-118 ident
What are light meters needed for in digital movies?
how do they make cats hiss?
Forrest Gump v.s. Glenn Cunningham - any relation?
Why was the post jail seminar scene with Jordan shown from the event in Auckland, New Zealand?
What did Nam see in the greenhouse?
What happened to the parents of Huey, Dewey, and Louie?
What is the laser sound in the tunnel?
What happened to El in season 2 of White Collar?
How are Huey, Dewey, and Louie related to Scrooge?
What was with the beggar in Mr Nobody?
Why does Jesse suggest that Beca pushes everyone else away?
Did the marketing of Terminator 2 actually spoil the movie?
Who is actually elder between Sherlock and Watson?
Why was Michael Myers credited as "The Shape" in the first 2 Halloween films?
How did Saul find Walt?
What was Dan Wachsberger charged with (charge and evidence)?
What fighting skills does Sherlock have?
Why was Breaking Bad put in 6 seasons (on DVD, in Australia)?
Why did Hank not associate THE CAPN with 'Captain Cook'?
What's the origin of "Choose life" phrase?
Why aren't Morpheus and his team immediately attacked by Agents whenever they enter "The Matrix"?
Age difference between Samantha and Mason?
The need of a Matrix
A term for a animation style used in anime
Was Johnston supposed to be speaking in Mandarin all the time?
What did "The Ring" (リング, Ringu) in the original Japanese version refer to?
At the end in Xmen Origins, which parts of Wolverine's brain did the bullet hit?
How do Connie and Carlo miraculously end up back together?
Why is Libby calling her husband "Daddy"?
What happened at the end of A Most Wanted Man?
In Lucy, are the inserted predator/prey shots an example of Expressionism?
Why did Yusuf hesitate to show Cobb his dream chamber?
How does so much time pass between Prison Break seasons 1 and 2?
Was it Uday or Latif who took the pill overdose?
Why wasn't the HEPA Air Cleaner installed inside the lab?
What makes Sherlock and Watson such good friends?
A movie with a time machine that is being used to stop a crime
Why did Samara contact Aiden?
Why are blockbusters now only released in 3D for the first week/weekend?
The Expendables 3 - the song when burney met ronda rousey
Which place was Samantha talking about at the end of HER?
What was the first film adaptation of a comic?
What was the first use of the driving closeup shots known from Miami Vice?
Goats in Brokeback Mountain
What happens in the deleted scenes at the end of The Zero Theorem?
Is it ever confirmed, or at the very least strong insinuated, that Saga has Asperger syndrome?
Is there a precedent for casting the same actor in an American remake of a British/foreign television show?
Why didn't Lisa tell the truth about Thorwald to the police?
Who is the composer of the soundtrack of the movie Incubus (1966)?
Does there exist a full, "Director's Cut" version of Fast Times at Ridgemont High?
Attack on a person resting in a parked car
Exceptions to horror genre and female sexuality tropes?
Why did two characters have to go to Lake Tahoe to get married?
In Fargo, why did the police ignore that Chumph was duct-taped to the chair?
Extra meaning in "Panem"
Why did Lord Humungus kill himself in Mad Max 2?
How did Sherlock know there must be a code to call off the killers?
Are those movie masks for real where A impersonates B?
What determines when a book will be split into multiple films?
Where did the name "Guardians of the Galaxy" come from?
What is the English translation of the French dialogue in "Croissant de Triomphe"?
What happened to Mike and Carol's former spouses?
How did they create The Shadow's disguise?
Is every appearance of a product in a movie sponsored?
Disambiguation between two similar documentaries "World War 2 In Colour"
Did the Oracle somehow know the fight between Neo and Smith would work out in favour of the humans?
Who translated the book “The Lady With a Little Dog” used in movie “The Reader”?
Did Tom ever catch Jerry
Why is Jean Rollin's "Le Viol du Vampire" Called this way? (The Rape of the Vampire)
How are rerun episodes selected?
Could someone tell me the name of this Vietnam film?
How close is Masters of Sex to the actual events?
Other Species' Lifespan Compared to Lions'
Highway battle background score
What is the meaning of the title Trainspotting?
Is it the same screwdriver?
What was in the letter to Epp's wife?
Did Will forget who killed his father?
How does Neal Caffrey make a living?
Windows-like logo in Halt and Catch Fire intro
Did Vin MoCap the Dance?
Which is the first sign that indicates that Walt is not doing it for the family anymore?
The choice to switch from POV in the remake of 'Maniac'
Why was Elsa locked up in Frozen?
Motivation of Killer in The Vanishing (1988)
Whats the connection to Bart Simpson?
Where did the 2nd Ooze canister come from?
Why was super shredder so weak?
Are Kristoff and Sven orphans?
Films released in additional version without the score?
Whose portrait hangs on the wall in the movie "The Godfather Part I"?
Fake currency used in movies - trouble?
How do they shoot long underwater scenes (especially the even longer stylistic ones)?
What happened to rest of 6 barrels of money?
Hollywood doesn't pay attention to classic montage theory anymore?
Which was the first movie featuring only 1 character (that is seen in the movie)?
What was Yen putting and why?
Why do they simply watch the tire?
What was the first movie that had only female characters?
Post-apocalyptic movie from early 1970's - people turn into powder
Why are people playing police officers not arrested?
What was the longest successful Primetime cartoon prior to The Simpsons?
History of the music video?
What was the first movie with an openly gay main character?
Plot-oriented adult movies
Significance/symbolism of toe-licking scene
Why does King Schultz go to such distance in order to help Django?
Who is James in "The Double (2013)"?
Does the Oracle in the Matrix have anything to do with an oracle machine in computer science?
Why all characters' arms/legs in Adventure Time are so soft?
The cheque in The Dreamers
70s movie ends with a train/car crash
Did Black Widow really trick Loki into revealing his plans?
What happens if an actor dies or gets injured on set during filming?
What happens to Felix at the end of Thunderball?
Why was Terriers canceled after its first season?
How did Walt earn 70 M+ USD?
Why do most doors never get closed?
What was the point of eating and drinking?
Is Mia Wallace (Uma Thurman) from Pulp Fiction the same person as The Bride in Kill Bill?
Is Firefly/Serenity related to the game series Mass Effect
Why does Django choose to dress like that?
Does Gordon Ramsay ever like anything in Kitchen Nightmares?
Why would owner agree to be on Hotel Hell?
Are the stories connected by more than just marginal references?
How are the face-in-suit segments of Iron Man filmed?
Has an actor or actress in a TV series ever returned as a different character after their role was re-cast?
Why do directors make cameo appearances in their movies?
Could the Guardians Of The Galaxy Build An Army of Groots?
Why would Lydia engage in Gus's criminal activities at all?
Kid spies on neighbour who might be a serial killer
Why did Deadly Viper Assassination Squad stop operating?
Why does Batman talk to himself in the batvoice?
Why does Morpheus believe Neo is the One
Is Apocalypse Now, an anti-War film or a pro-War film?
Will Jar Jar Binks be a character in any of the new Star Wars Films?
Is there a name for Robin Williams' style of physical comedy?
Probability of being a Tribute in the Hunger Games
47 Ronin runtime?
Edition with 1-hour episodes each of TV series 24?
Mason refers to Amanda as 'Benedict Clarke', is this a cultural reference?
What was supposed to be happening with the horsemen and the merry-go-round shown in the end?
What is the second part of a movie title called?
Why do they never wear gloves?
What does Rory say to the Roman soldier in the Pandorica Opens episode of Doctor Who?
What was the original ending supposed to be like?
Why is Bane not a Mexican wrestler?
When did movies first start to show real world from inside a car?
What is the deal with Elle's and Budd's accents?
What is the most time-consuming makeup to apply to a single actor in film or television?
By whom, how and where was the video in The Ring made?
What is the symbolism behind the colour change of characters while thinking?
What was James Bond going to do in the Space Shuttle?
How were the murders committed in the NCIS episode "The Good Samaritan"?
In what movie did a blind man tell this story
Explanation of a drugged up Vincent Vega scene
Why is Brian Doyle Murray a coward?
Why do Disney and Pixar animated movies contain the 'A-113' easter egg?
Does Intolerance show the first gay kissing?
Are Americans the bad guys in Russian movies?
What was the reference in the post credit scene in Guardians of the Galaxy?
Is Tony Arcaro based on a real-world personality?
Was Mike 'the Guy'?
Korean movie with ghost on man's shoulders
Why don't Marvel movies stick to canon?
Cancellation of The Secret Circle (2011-2012)
Are there multiple HD masters of movies?
Why didn't Ryuk drop his own death note?
What does Newt say at the end of Aliens?
Which is the first book about a movie?
Which was the first movie remake?
What is the most commercially successful Alan Smithee film?
What was the purpose of the storage area in Rosemary's apartment?
Did Bill's bullet cause any brain damage?
The longest gap between a movie and its sequel
Lighting during a night scene
Variations of the same song
Where does the "One of us! One of us!" chant originate?
Why is Alan Moore's name not shown on the Watchmen credits?
What kind of car is Sinbad driving?
What are the qualities of Watchmen unique to comics and in which way did the movie achieve to adapt those to the medium of film?
What is the significance of the last scene in "A Most Wanted Man"?
Why didn't Maleficent grow her wings back?
What did the Cossack utter towards the two men in "The Duellists"?
Why did Aldo Raine have that scar?
A horror movie that turns out to be a prank
What is the last scene supposed to tell us?
Rusty Nail's location?
What do actors do when dialog is designed not to be heard?
What is the difference between Erebor and Moria?
Is there any further significance to Russell's tattoo?
Are more movie stars acting in TV shows nowadays (and if so, why)?
Why is Kennedy's father "the architect of Munich"?
Post apocalyptic movie with people living underground
Girl Becomes Captain of College Team Her Mother Captained
What exactly happened to Virgil?
Joey wearing pants - is it realistic?
How can Michael use the body of Adam as a vessel when he was cremated in S04E19?
What does the term "Out of the Furnace" refer to?
What was Ahmet locked up for?
Is Extant only the SECOND national primetime scripted TV-drama with a female African-American lead?
How are fake reality shows not false advertising? And if they are, why do they get away with it?
Is there any evidence as to how eXistenZ really ended?
What is syndication?
Meaning of the line "I'm not a psychopath, I'm a highly functioning sociopath"
How far ahead is The Great British Bakeoff filmed?
Why did Church believe Barney owed him?
What happens to the Narrator's baggage in the movie Fight Club?
Is Sunshine dead?
What is the difference between Minas Tirith and Gondor?
Why wasn't Fredo at Vito Corleone's funeral?
Why did Liber8 attack the police?
What is the fee for opening the door in The Last Car?
How was the effect of David Walliams finger being cut off achieved
On Amazing Race, do the teams know in advance what the penalty will be for giving up on a task?
Why did Veera keep saying "dan...dan...dan...danaka!" and what does it mean?
Why does Patrick Bateman need to return video tapes?
What happened to Mr. Blue?
To which degree are movies filmed simultaneously in different languages?
Why the greenish tint in the Matrix trilogy?
Is this famous Michael Jackson dance move inspired by The Wizard of Oz (1939)?
What exactly is this crystal thing on Mars in Watchmen (2009)?
Is the lawyer in on the scam?
Why would a bad defense attorney be better than a good one?
Do King Benny and Fat Man know the whole story?
How does Ferguson not remember them?
Movie with a private school, teacher, placard, and cheating students
Why was Sam "Ace" Rothstein spared by the bosses?
What did Bill do to make Hanzo mad?
Why was Ronan/Thanos not interested in the other Infinity Stone in possession of The Collector?
Is there any term for the following subgenres of horror movies?
Was there ever an ending to Pushing Daisies?
What's with Mamet's dialogue style?
First movie where you hear breathing in a helmet?
What dragged the Collector's servant towards the Infinity Stone?
Could someone explain the Kevin Bacon joke in Guardians of the Galaxy?
Why is it winter in Laketown?
Are Star-Lord's final words a reference to something else?
How were the others able to handle the power of the stone?
Why Disney/Marvel doesn't have rights for Badoon?
What is the significance of The Master crossing the river?
Terminator Haircut Change
On whose side is the barkeeper?
Sign in Sam's office
Does anyone know the version of the song "Strange Fruit" played in Criminal Minds S09E09?
What kind of animal is the beast of Gevaudan, exactly?
Why do we say that Captain America is the first avenger?
How did they make Hitler disappear in "Your Job in Germany"?
What does it mean for TV shows to be ordered?
Why does Ronan want to destroy this planet/race?
Could Ray have survived at the end?
Did what happened to Gwen Stacy meant to make place for Mary Jane?
Why did the government not want Frank to fight?
What does Francis Underwood's ring mean to him and why does he bury it?
Who was Derek Reese going to kill?
How much is Claire Underwood aware of her husband's more serious deeds?
Animated post apocalyptic movie with soldier made from decaying tissue
SCTV: is "Monster Chiller Horror Theatre" based on "Monsters we Know and Love?"
What kind of blood do they use in movies for bloody scenes?
"It doesn't work on Wood"... Evidence to the contrary?
Why is Gabriel a lady in Constantine?
What is Red's motivation?
Director tries to make a horror film starring an old man!
Gold hijacking movie from the 1990's
Story of Vincent in Collateral (2004 film)
Is the tank scene in the A-Team physically possible?
What is the worst month to watch movies in United States?
Who was shown on the TV towards the end of the movie?
Why do the other families not retaliate near the end of The Godfather?
Name that 80's educational TV show
What exactly does "one-bar fire with 50p in the meter" mean?
Why did Nancy injure her face?
What is the relationship between Betty and Gilbert and how is her husband involved?
What is the origin of mimics in Edge of Tomorrow?
The Departed reference in How I Met Your Mother
Garage in Breaking Bad
Could Crocodile Dundee have a Bowie knife in NY
Would Mike's guys have gone to jail bar the bomb?
What happened to spinning wheels which were burned?
What was Quint eating in the town hall meeting?
The Strain Vampire Vigilante and Theory
Does Jimmy have an Oedipal complex in Boardwalk Empire?
Does Mystique not age with time?
What do they remember happening on "that day?"
How long have they been dead?
Who put the sled in the mountains at the end?
Why does S06E08 feature so many guest stars?
What is the body part that rhymes with Dolores?
Is Four a Divergent?
What's Quoyles first name?
Is Fez's country ever revealed?
Where did the live ammo for the Missouri come from in the climactic battle of Battleship (2012)
Where did the money for the Others come from?
Any acknowledged consideration between the treatment of 'Gone Girl' in light of the Oscar Pistorious case?
Utopia realistic shootings
Why was the game show host so keen to have Jamal lose?
How did Dave find talking chipmunks?
Is the footage at the end of the merchandising video in S05E08 referencing another episode?
How did Walt get shot?
Style of shooting where common activities are filmed as if they were epic
Why does Abe want to stop the originals from building the box?
Is this laser experiment shown on Big Bang Theory possible?
How do they film the apparent beheading of a person?
What was under the blanket?
How to make a film in black and white and add color to some objects?
Were all the ghosts in the Ghost Busters movie 'evil'?
At the beginning of Silicon Valley, were Richard Hendricks and Big Head working for Hooli?
Is there Goth Kids 2 episode of South Park?
Where do babies come from in The Matrix?
Who is the third person in the opening scene of "Dallas Buyers Club"?
Did crushing the "crystal ship" really destroy all the evidence?
Who is the rapist in the opening sequence of Dressed To Kill?
Why did Stephen pretend to have a limp in Django Unchained?
Was Sharknado planned as a trash movie?
Why did Walt tell Skyler he did that?
What was the purpose of the test in the room with uncomfortable chairs in Men in Black?
Which existing storyline is Gotham based on?
What time era is presented in Gotham?
Why did the gang not check the trunk of Walter's car in the last episode?
Who placed the crucifix under Regan's pillow in The Exorcist?
Did the Ewoks eat the stormtroopers?
Deadwood: a cheat, a broad tosser and a clip
How was Optimus able to fly?
In No Country for Old Men, who does Anton Chigurh work for (Why did he kill them?)
Why did Agent Thompson jump out the window after Trinity?
Why did Jack leave some money for Walt?
When did Opening Credits become Closing Credits?
How did they know 10 million dollars were taken?
Mimi knows she has HIV but still wants to have sex with Roger?
What was the letter written by Charlie before he died in Lost?
Deadwood: Lamp the take
Who put the Ojibwe phrase on the board at Tony's hospital room?
Supernatural Episode inspiration for Once Upon a Time
Connection between Children in Supernatural
What does the ending of the movie "Coherence" mean?
Swastika in Flashbacks?
Why is child acting legal?
Did Yona (Go Ah-sung) have supernatural/special powers in Snowpiercer?
Who and why sent the box in the episode "The Boy in the Box"?
Why did Django kill Miss Lara?
Is episode S09E03 a comment on It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia's success at the awards?
What does Dennis' daydream tell us about him?
What happens to the hard drive with agents' names in Skyfall?
The Sopranos - Final Episode: Where is the proof that "Man In Members Only Jacket" is in fact credited by that name?
What was doing the stinging in Maze Runner?
Was there a real Skyfall house in Scotland?
Why did they plug the drive into the network?
Usage of "The Sound Of Silence" in The Graduate?
Is Gotham a post-apocalyptic city?
What's the distinct color grading in David Fincher's movies?
How Damien Echols survived Death Row in Devil's Knot?
What are the methods of including a character's thoughts in an audiovisual medium?
If Neo survived in the first movie, how come he didn't in the third movie?
Why didn't Natalie realise Leonard killed her boyfriend?
Would the crew have made it back to Earth anyway?
What are the powers of Sauron's ring?
Is The Hunger Games a future or alternate world?
Why not shoot movies with stereoscopic 3d cameras instead?
Cold War spy movie, where spy camera is discovered in ceiling light fixture
Is Gwyneth Paltrow’s head shown?
Why did they change the child actress portraying Lily twice?
Revisionist westerns of the 70's
What is the matter with the babies Evan's mother had before?
What is the significance of the little Russian kid story?
Explanation of the meeting between Gus and Don Eladio
How does husband fit into the story?
Only Lovers Left Alive quote explanation?
Permisson requirement for Song usage in movies
Is it possible to produce a continuous Game of Thrones?
Was the Bride previously married to Bill?
How were the CGI scenes created for National Geographic series WW II Greatest Raids
Oculus - were there any other short films besides Chapter 3?
Girl is drugged and on the run with the protagonist
What was the Chinese man's role in the attempt to kill Bill the Butcher?
Horror movie set in an arctic research station
Why don't we get to see all the 7 lightning strikes?
What does Zach mean by "Machu Picchu"?
Movie on DD national related to Gandhi
Term for "live action" vs "full CG" vs "stop motion"
Who did Marcy D'Arcy sleep with at the end of "The naked and the Dead, but mostly the naked"?
Why did Colonel Mortimer's sister kill herself instead of killing Indio?
Does anyone not agree with the fact that "Gale Bertram was one of the Red John's Man"?
How much time passes between Jim first meeting Pam and their wedding?
Time travel movie with a spinning time machine
What did Lucy mean by "We never really die"?
Did Lucy travel time or was her mind imagining / portraying the views?
How was the "pen through the lip" scene shot?
What really happened to Ben Sullivan?
Why did Rita Vrataski remove Cage's armour suit's battery the first time he got shot?
Was the German soldiers' reaction during the bar shootout realistic?
How are first-person perspective videos shot?
What changed about the ending of Gone Girl?
What is the meaning of "Production Code 2.6" on Wikipedia?
Why do Klingons speak English to other Klingons?
Why did Michael need a tattoo which is a pictorial charade for "Christina Rose" (his own mother's name)
Meaning of the 'magic circle' quote
Why did Veronica Mars series end in the 3rd season?
After the end of Edge of Tomorrow, would Cage be caught in a time-loop?
Relevance of the title Pulp Fiction?
Reccuring dialogue "That's what she said"?
Is Sheldon ever shown to succeed at research?
Who was Pip in the Twilight Zone episode "A Nice Place to Visit"?
About Mooby's in Clerks II
Why do the pirates have white teeth?
What was the matter with GJ?
Does Edge of Tomorrow have an open ending?
Why doesn't Robin call the police when she's trapped in Zanic's cottage?
Why were there only 2 guards for Hannibal Lecter on the 6th floor?
What is this sign in Season 5, Episode 1?
How Did the Children of the Corn Manage For So Long?
Head injuries in the Walking Dead
What's Mark thinking when he says "enough ... enough now"?
Why don't Jeff and Stella rush in to save Lisa?
How did Ig get his horns?
What happens if you call 0118 999 881 999 119 7253?
Why does HYDRA have such inefficient lab coats?
Why do they have to teleport from inside the train/metro?
Why do some movie titles include an alternate title?
Why did the mummy target the sick?
Identify Burt's gun in Tremors 2
Why did Lester follow Lorne Malvo?
Shouldn't Zipper still be a werewolf (dog)?
Did Spike really torture people with railroad spikes?
Patrick's Bed Sheets
Why are the Latest Episodes of South Park not in 3D animation?
Besides the Season 5 premire, have there been any other post credit scenes in The Walking Dead?
The scene of "Speak Your Language"
Agents of Shield: looking for clues for its impact
Movies without Film score/background music
Why don't humans become Walkers when eating other humans who are infected?
What is the difference between a movie's soundtrack, and its score?
Dark Knight Returns Part 2 questions
Finding a 60s UK movie by picture of 2 men
What is the role of the Colonel & who is he in "The Double (2013)"
What happened to The Enchantress of Numbers?
Is the poem in the Oculus trailer an original poem?
How does Charlie deduce Myra is Mrs Kieslowski?
Why is Bobby Munson's cut different than everyone else's?
How were the thousands of clones lured into fighting humans at first?
What do Hans and Anna mean when they Jinx each other in "Love Is an Open Door"?
Why did Walt change his mind about Jesse "handling" the stolen drug money?
Why the Tet imposes itself regular transmission cut-off?
In the movie "Identity", did the murders really happen?
Why didn't Walter White consume his own product?
Why does Walt talk about Victor?
How old was Shosanna?
What's the connection with Back to the Future movie?
Identify this sci-fi movie in which a scientist and his family move into a new house
How did walking dead characters get cured?
What's the word for an actor not getting a part in a movie?
What was Bob blubbering about?
Did Neil lie to Mr Keating in Dead Poets Society?
Why did Tomas have to die?
What happened to all the Aliens (Xenomorphs) that attacked the Engineers?
How did they find the location of the moon?
Why did Ted Beneke refuse Skyler's money?
What were the tripods spraying and what does it have to do with the red weed in War of the Worlds?
Why can't Thor pick up his hammer?
Sci Fi movie with maroon droid, and hero droid with spherical feet
Can the Omega in "Edge of Tommorow" be killed?
Rusty describes his needs for an 11 man crew
What is Penny's last name in Big Bang Theory?
When did Irene Adler change the message ringtone on Sherlock's phone?
How come the cops didn't find the gun thrown in the shallow river? But they had his prints on the murder weapon
How were Sonny and Don Corleone at odds?
Why don't they send the files through the mail channel?
Why is Walter White riding on "A Horse with No Name"?
Why was William Cage sent to the base?
the secret of the Tesla letter in The Prestige
Why did the animals die?
Why do the people at the pub make David and Jack leave?
Why do film studios buy domains of fictitious companies?
How is the voice not distorted when Barry is running at super-speeds?
Does Nymphomaniac have real sex scenes?
Getting a free meal at a restaurant by putting an insect in the food
Who is the girl in the limo?
Why doesn't Walden kick Alan out?
What is the website created by Walden?
Did cunnilingus actually happen in Basic Instinct?
Why did Cersei Lannister start a physical relationship with her brother Jaime?
Has this plot ever been done?
Robot is prize for winning arcade game, then tries to kill everyone?
Is Billy the Puppet's laugh an animal sample or an artificial sound effect?
Star Trek TOS Season 2 - how long does the change in musical style last?
How do Ocean's 13 rip Bank of 500 million dollars in one night?
How did Happy get holes in her clothes?
Who is the masked German Sniper near the end of the movie?
How were starfields / streaming stars created in the pre-computer era?
What cardinal rule did Marcus break?
How did Nucky rise to power?
What does "Yippee-ki-yay" even mean?
Is there any indication in Sons Of Anarchy that it does not take place in the present day?
Star Trek - Khan and Chekov
In the movie "Sleepers", what exactly does King Benny do?
How did they get this shot in Metropolis?
Who is Katniss' love interest?
How does Steve escape from the building in Venice
Does Nina die in the final scene of Black Swan?
Best order to watch the Underworld movie series
2K versus Quad HD (QHD)
Do movie actors/actresses dub their scenes after shooting or do they use the audio that is in the scene?
What's the deal with the rewind?
Why was Amy postponing the inevitable and was it inevitable at all?
In There Will Be Blood, why did HW go mute and try to burn down the shed?
Final scene in Turist / Force Majeure
Technique of shooting scenes inverted?
When was the horror film technique where a character opens a door to the same room first done?
In "Jobs" what does Steve's boss mean when he tells him: "As for your personal issues, I think we may have a solution."
Where did Loco get the rifle from?
What are we to make of the ending of The Great Silence?
Official word on whether all Seinfeld episodes have reference to Superman?
What is the computer that Benny Hill hacks in the Italian job? (1969)
Where do the recaps/flashbacks of Felicity Smoak come from in S01E04?
Why did Fury (2014) end this way?
Event Horizon "disappearance" plot hole
Did Nick really push Amy?
Sheldon Cooper has a Master of Arts degree?
Who is Greider's father?
Where did the "dog" come from?
Who is this giant in Hancock?
How does the Basilisk roam around Hogwarts?
Where are the dogs in Titanic?
What does the "License to Kill" of James Bond actually mean?
The Rock: Mistake or deliberate?
Was Arrow's change in moral alignment motivated by his audience?
Have any TV shows spawned spin-offs of a different genre?
The African Queen (1951) - did Charlie and Rosie have sex?
How did the guys get weapons and gadgets in the sewer?
Can a Live Telecast Be Edited?
Before I Go to Sleep - plot issue
How many people did Nucky kill in Boardwalk Empire?
Why was Birdman on limited release?
What is the song playing in My Name Is Earl S4E4?
Connection between Interstellar and 'Flora's Letter'?
Scientific accuracy of Jurassic Park's premise?
How did Louis Bloom get away with what he got away with?
Sign language used in The Tingler - Is it real?
Animation of man sent to kill future omnipotent leader
Has any Philip Jose Farmer books been adapted for movies or TV?
Why do most characters have perfect, white teeth even if the film's setting makes them unlikely?
Do the film makers make the little kids cry?
Why is the Doctor sometimes afraid to die (or actually does die) instead of regenerating?
Were Charlie Harper's jingles real?
What is Jerome saying with the tuft of hair?
IMAX DMR vs 35mm film
Why didn't detective Boney question Amy's neighbor for details?
Why do some movies contain scenes in different languages?
In what time does Interstellar take place?
Why wasn't Interstellar shot in 3D?
Who are "they" in Interstellar?
Did this quote from the book appear in any of the Jurassic Park movies?
How did Cooper find the location of NASA from the patterns?
Why do post-war Hollywood WWII-themed movies ignore Japan?
How did Murph figure it out?
Does Jack die in the end of the movie Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart?
How did the watch do what it did?
In what way was Murph's quantum data from her Dad's watch helpful?
How did Murph know about Edmunds?
What is the longest timespan depicted in a movie?
How was Plan B supposed to work?
What does the casting director mean by "be authentically, anatomically not Jewish" in Friends?
What was Mann's motivation?
What happened in "If I Stay"?
How can Vincent appear in the scenes at the end of Pulp Fiction
Was "Birdman" and/or "Riggan Thomas" written for Michael Keaton?
What is the shortest timespan depicted in a movie?
What is funny about "Can I have a chocolate donut and a bottle of beer"?
What is the significance of Murphy's law?
How can Cooper communicate with his daughter before the time he went to space?
Why did Kubrick avoid a direct explanation to "Clockwork orange"'s meaning?
Please explain the ending of S5E5 of The Walking Dead to me
Why did Mann's base explode?
How old is SpongeBob?
Is there a reason for the appearance of the kid with the toy gun in the supermarket?
Why the Robots were so unconventional?
Vito and Luca question
What was Interstellar's post-climax scene all about?
If Cooper wanted to stay, why did he send the NASA Coordinates?
Why Cooper or Dr. Brand can't send message?
What are considered the major film genres?
What's the earliest movie with a comedic scene of mistaking a bull for a cow?
Why didn't Four know Tris?
What did Johnny mean when he said "I trained myself to do it quietly" when making love with Cora?
What's funny about "Looking gay people up in the directory"?
80s - 90s Movie about school siege
Why does time flow differently on Miller's planet?
How does Cooper get out of the black hole?
How did V.I.K.I. (Virtual Interactive Kinetic Intelligence) become self aware?
How could the human race be saved in Interstellar?
What was the explosion when Holden interrogates Leon?
Explanation of The Scribbler's supernatural abilities please
Was E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial shot in 1.85 or 2.35?
How can humans travel to 12 different planets in Interstellar?
Who is the musical group that performed at the end of an David Letterman show that I am describing (they performed probably in the 2000s)?
What makes Blade Runner so iconic?
How did Vito know about the betrayal?
What was Thomas' background?
What is funny about Frankie's line about aspiration?
Is Nolan citing Borges?
Was Gargantua not a "real" black hole?
Why was Dr Mann so mean?
How is Cooper's age justified?
Why did Corder leak information in "The Final Cut"?
Why is Rumpelstiltskin a bad guy again?
Why is lotion used as a metaphor for masturbation?
What was the first website to be created specifically to promote a movie
Why did Gashade cut open the flour sack in "The Shooting"?
How does Groot spread light?
What, exactly, are those "things" that come from the hole in the sky in The Avengers?
LaSalle calling Pride, King
Why didn't Tesla use his machine to make money before selling it to Angier?
About Gargantua and Cooper?
Why was the wormhole in Interstellar placed near Saturn?
Show with car going over cliff into the (actual) Grand Canyon
Was Cadet Jones playing any particular video game?
How was the data transferred across galaxies?
Has the Matrix canon or the Wachowskis ever suggested that the machines' co-dependence on humans is psychosocial instead of energy based?
Prison cell doors in Gothika?
Spaceship to transport human in interstellar
Why did it take a rocket to lift off the Earth but just shuttles to lift off the other planets?
90's early 2000 movie about students kidnapping their teacher
When Al Pacino said "Can I get a little hi-de-hi here?" when he sang Sea Of Love, what does "hi-de-hi" mean?
Condition of Earth in Interstellar
Strange movie with a hand going through a meat grinder, but it didn't actually happen
Movie where second bomb was planted in ambulance
Why does Milton Arbogast exit his car by sliding across to the passenger side and getting out through the right hand door?
Midnight premieres no longer first showing of movie
Canon reason that Ned is no longer on South Park
"Hope you like turkey!" - what's funny about that?
Why aren't the zombies decomposed after all this time?
House of Lies freeze frame effect - how is it done?
Was "Democratic Republic of China" a mistake, or deliberate?
Why are TV shows not aired at the same time across the World?
In the "False Prophet" scene, what is Daniel Plainview eating?
What's about the shirt collars in Goodfellas (1990) and Casino (1995)?
How did Cooper send the quantum data?
Was Felicity Smoak always planned to be a main character in Arrow?
Why does Sin call Roy "Abercombie"?
How does Murph know whether Dr. Brand is alive?
Question about a line from Donnie Brasco
Season 2: Why was Penny searching for magnetic anomalies?
Why does Lefty say that he has to "check his lipstick"?
What does "he got a mistress for the mistress" mean?
Why Max and Caroline are poor in 2 Broke Girls
Ending of babadook
Two questions about the scene that took place in Florida
Reason behind the feud between WWE's "Wyatt" family members
Seemingly tall man answers door but he's actually short
Ending of Mr. Nobody
When the narrator meets Bob again after seeing Marla, how come Bob doesn't recognize him?
In Donnie Brasco, Lefty said: "You're still driving a fucking Lincoln when you get there." What's that mean?
Why is Christian Bale not in the upcoming movie Batman vs Superman?
So Bane was actually helping Batman all along?
During the Christmas concert, why does Sam look so miserable?
Predestination ending scene
How does Impractical Jokers get the permission to be in places like IKEA?
What is the black goo from the Fifth Element?
What is said on the Chinese broadcast 34 minutes into Looper?
Do I need to watch Sin City 1 before watching Sin City 2?
What's with Interstellar's strange sound mixing?
What was the telekinesis about in Birdman?
What do Murph and NASA do to save humanity after solving Brand's equation?
In Hey Ram, was Saket Ram a terrorist?
Why single way communication in Interstellar?
Is Forrest's speech at the anti-war rally available anywhere?
How was the dwarf character in Apporva sagothargal Appu depicted?
What does this exchange about a handkerchief and a sleeve mean?
Why did Ben manipulate Locke into not entering the code?
Movie about the last member of a man-like dead species
Was Crucial Evidence Missed?
What episodes are on the "DVD Collection" release of Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures?
Significance of Dr. Brand's poem
What's so funny about starched collars?
Why was Walt giving free meth to Gus
What do they do to fancy costumes used in movies after use?
Did Edwards pass the MiB test?
Shouldn't there be an age difference between Cooper and Brand?
Why does Ivan tell his daughter to "act her age"?
Can you name this Sci-Fi film set around receiving a signal from space and building a structure?
Why does The Bartender have surgery marks?
Why was Bill Turner called Bootstrap?
Reason for the murder of O-ren Ishii's parents
What were the precautions taken for Derek's safety in the hill scene?
Mission to Mars beginning meaning
Why did Snow not destroy the Victors' Village in District 12?
How was the effect of Alderaan blowing up accomplished?
Movie about The Sandman
Is there any difference between a DoP and a Cinematographer? If so, What?
Is Toothless male or female?
Why is Cooper Station orbiting Saturn?
Why are box office numbers made public?
Will Daredevil be serialized or dump released?
Is Jax the highest member of all the SOA charters?
Are there any rules for what sort of content premium channels can show?
Are there additional laws and regulations attached to NC-17 movies?
In the Star Wars franchise what causes the Sith to always have red light sabres?
What is the meaning of the emphasis on Mr Darcy's hands?
Why did Moss rent the motel room?
Significance and implication of Mahout's death
What does Beth mean when she says: "I get it now."
Do electronics devices get aged?
Man tries to kill a group of people with complex traps
When did "Previously On ..." become the first 2:30 of every show?
Who was Nina Myers working for?
Are the stunts staged or spontaneous?
When and where did Elizabeth Swann learn to swordfight?
How did the machine work before this realisation?
Horror movie about a mask that turned people into demons
A question about a line in Good Morning, Vietnam
Why did Tommy Lee Jones play Harvey Dent in Batman Forever?
What is the point of selling in 2.35 format a movie recorded in 1.85 format?
Why didn't Regina leave Snow White behind?
What are the implications of Emmet's autonomous movement?
What is this poster in the background?
Why exactly did Walt visit Jack's gang?
Is there a trope for a pile-on fight?
Why do sitcoms generally have A-B Story Structure?
Why are zoom shots rarely used?
Why is the ring of debris (accretion disk) surrounding Gargantua shaped the way it is?
How did Jack Sparrow end up making a deal with Davy Jones?
Why didn't Elizabeth get cursed?
Was the ending of Sons of Anarchy a twisted ending?
Now that Sons of Anarchy is over... What was up with that homeless lady?
Are time lapse shots of growing plants done in a studio or at the particular places on earth?
Name of B western movie that starts with horse race
How are flyover sequences shot?
How did Trip enter the alien city unaffected?
Was Moira Queen's knowledge about Arrow's identity foreshadowed earlier?
Understanding Mia's choice at the end
What was the point of the empty container in the beginning of White Collar S06E04?
Did Ava Lord really care about Dwight in the end?
Why Isabelle and Theo leave Matthew in the end?
Is there a specific "convenient parking" trope?
Why does Thorin leave Bilbo when the key hole is not found?
Source code on Nedry's workstation: real programming language/s?
Why does the Winter Warlock lose his powers?
A question about a line from Hook
Why is the title of The Big Bang Theory not translated in Quebec?
Was the music teacher part of the plan?
How come the events of Terminator didn't change the future, but the events of Terminator 2 did?
Why don't the live action Ninja Turtles movies stick with Splinter's back story from the animated series?
How can Jack deliver such toys to the children?
Jack lying to the citizens of Halloween Town?
Why is The Punisher's "declaration of intent" missing from the German version?
What does Haissam Haqqani say in episode 10 of season 4?
What happened between Red and Vee?
Grabbing someone's wrist before they strike....?
At what point does Batman eject out of the Bat?
Why was Thomas sent to the Glade?
Why put Batman in the pit?
Dead wife haunting her husband's new wife
How was the main problem dealt with?
Reason behind Robert McCall's fake death
Why does the message embedded by Cooper in the second hand of the wristwatch run on a loop?
In Memento, what happened to the money in the Jaguar's trunk?
What was Cobb's original totem?
What actually happens to Lucy at 100 percent?
What does Sofie Fatale say in Japanese on her cellphone in Volume 1?
How did Batman survive after the fall trying to save Rachel?
Is there a reference\nod in the line "Much more subtle"?
Purpose of the joke regarding the Lipizzaner stallions
Guy prepares revenge for 10 years for the murder of his daughter and wife
Is Mr. Bean an Alien?
Highest earning films by cost to earning ratio
Did Hugo Cabret and other characters really exist?
Why is the 'Get to the chopper' so famous?
Hyde accessing the original Jekyll's memories
Why didn't the machines clear the skies?
Why didn't Aladdin lend the lamp to Jasmine?
Why not use the wyrms to win?
What is the best order to watch LotR/Hobbit franchise?
Why didn't James and Lily Potter return to Hogwarts as ghosts/souls
When is it established that Laurie Strode is Michael Myers' sister?
Thranduil mentioning Strider (Aragorn) at the end of the third Hobbit movie
Why is Bob's name called four times in Project Mayhem?
What was the motivation to have the Plan B in Interstellar
How was the tracking shot in Frenzy done?
Why was Voldemort unaware that Harry was also a horcrux?
Help identifying a post-apocalyptic movie with a monster
Why do movies/TV have post credits scene?
Which movie/tv started showing scenes after credit?
S01E19: Why didn't Elias' men threaten the policemen's family?
The real Richard Castle as an author
What is the rationale for calling "The Interview" racist?
Why does the terminator leave the scene of the car crash?
What was Bartender/Temporal Agent's last mission?
Assassination scene in Mulholland Drive
Why didn't Bilbo become a creature like Gollum?
Was the Council of Elrond aware that destroying the ring would vanquish Sauron?
Why did the Chitauri need Loki at all?
How much influence did the animated Lord of the Rings movie from 1978 have on Peter Jackson's trilogy?
Why does the mugger that Finch pays off react this way?
Why did Harry want the Philosopher's Stone in the first place?
What are the key differences between the movie Edge of Tomorrow and the original book?
Movie with intro where man kills two girls in a field
What did they need Hyde for?
Does Al Pacino really slap Diane Keaton in The Godfather II?
When does Regina stop being the mayor of Storybrooke?
What are the five armies in Hobbit: The Battle of Five Armies?
Who is Mr Robertson?
Could Bruce Wayne use a hook & a rope to escape from the PIT?
Where does Barry Allen live?
What happens at the end of The Congress?
Die Hard detonator insertion -- "F*** it"
If Al Powell was on desk duty, why was he driving black-and-white?
Did John McClane know Bill Clay was really Hans Gruber? If so, how?
Why was Amy not arrested?
In Season 3 finale, did Brody really mean to finish the mission or only after he have the chance?
Why did the operators just came to the house?
Why does Christof include 'exits' in Truman's world?
Is Dave Skylark's line containing "Mangia. We're the people. Give us the sh-t." a reference to something?
In Sherlock, why was there a change of pronunciation of 'the' at the end?
Why was John Doe cancelled?
What does the "Cosmetologist" line mean?
Is an in-universe explanation ever given for why presidential elections are staggered differently than in real life?
Measuring speed on the Surprise(?)
Sopranos: Mergers & Acquisitions - Devil's Advocate Homage?
Is it possible to predict the financial success of movies?
How did Gally get into the control room?
How was Ben stung?
What is the nature of Professor Snape's Patronus and why does it appear in the Forest of Dean?
Are the Men In Black movies an example of spiritual growth?
What does Marco's answer to the Khan about women and wine mean?
How are the Gummi Bears related to each other
Why couldn't the guardians leave the infinity stone with the collector?
Is there a specific style or genre name for Jackie Chan's movies?
Was the ending to Limitless reshot?
Detective Movie Style
What was Cynthia's (the dead girl) role in the drug operations in 22 Jump Street?
Why was Foxcatcher rated R?
Movie in which a crime lord executes hencemen in his office
Why is Zook on the photo with Cynthia
Why did Dennis Boyd steal information for Sandy Bachman?
How does Cooper join the expedition for the first time?
Why didn't the gangster shoot Lou?
Is it possible to get an A-lister into a big-budget movie without anybody knowing?
Consistent explanation of Enemy
What was the deal between Haissam Haqqani and Dar Adal?
Why does McCall time himself with the stopwatch in a lot of scenes?
Why isn't Woody a valuable item anymore?
Why was Elsa an enchantress?
Why is the “STAY” message sent in Interstellar?
Did Sesame Street use to contain "Monster Time"?
Why are "we fucked" "if Esperanza gets to a country with no extradition treaties"?
What happened to Buttercup in Kingpin?
Nomination vs Won
What's the point of the old people's interviews in When Harry Met Sally
Time travel movie with a loser watching an apple rot, and there are moon people
Does the cats' anthropomorphization have any implications for our human reality?
What are Walker guts made of?
Why is the shopkeeper so rude?
What is the significance of the pink phone in "The Great Game"?
Question concerning a "scope conflict"/"turf war" in the movie "Lock Up" (1989)
How to describe the music that appears in the background of EVERY Egyptian related scene?
References to Voyager 1 / Cassini photographs?
Why Budd buried Beatrix with a flashlight?
Is Suburgatory's characterisation of the NY suburbs remotely correct?
Why do TV shows sometimes change the intro mid-season?
"Song"/Theme played in Hobbit: Battle of Five Armies
Which material are fake eyeballs made off?
Was Loki's spear manipulating the Avengers?
Why does Wahyu kill Dagu?
OK so what the hell happened at the end of Birdman?
How does PK know better than Jaggu?
What is the meaning of showing the tapetum lucidum (eye glow) of the replicants?
In Unbroken, how were the actors made to look malnourished?
When is it safe to watch The Hobbit while reading the book?
How come "Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge" survives?
Mellish getting emotional over Hitler Youth knife
What do the scars on Brad Pitt's back mean in Fury?
What's the deal with the bullets?
Was there any mutual inspiration between Copper and Ripper Street?
In the movie American Sniper, does the final sniping sequence make sense?
Do the "miners" on Gold Rush make money other than the gold they find?
Was the "Dr Mann" they meet on the planet a transhuman version of KIPP and Mann?
Why does 'M' miss the Cold War?
Bourne Legacy and Paranoia?
A question about a line from World's Greatest Dad
The Twilight Zone - Mr Denton on Doomsday
Why does Louis give the interview?
What is the reason that the air order and the DVD order of a tv show is different?
In the movie, Stranger By the Lake, why did the heavy guy (Eric) lead the killer on?
Why did David choose to ingratiate himself into Caleb's family?
Significance of Matthew 7:7 in Imitation Game
Why is Borg a 'Jarl', while everyone else is an 'Earl'?
Did Robert come out of retirement?
Boston Public episode order. Was Chapter 34 aired out of order in the original run? Why?
Why did the mission control go down?
Who's driving the boat?
Man is recruited to talk to a captured alien
Where does Guardians of the Galaxy fit into the MCU timeline?
Do Celebrity Big Brother contestants still earn a fee if they are ejected from the show?
Were Neville's feelings for Luna foreshadowed earlier?
What are the accumulated major injuries/wounds James Bond has received in the film franchise?
Is there any link between all of the American Horror Story series?
Characterizing Mark's relationship with du Pont?
Why did Sherlock fake his death this way?
Is there a deeper meaning to Fabienne's pot belly talk?
Is it a coincidence that The Munsters and The Addams Family both started in the same week?
What happened to Budd?
Identify this thriller revenge movie
Why did Frankie Marino kill Nicky Santoro and his brother with such confidence
Was there any consideration to set "The Interview" in a fictitious country?
How long must a Hollywood film wait to use the same title of an older film?
What was the meaning of Fiona's visit to the killer in prison, in the last scene?
In Fight Club, when Ed Norton first confronts Marla, why doesn't he tell her about his insomnia?
Why is it always the same type of beer cup used in college-style movies/series?
Question regarding the finale of White Collar
On The Biggest Loser, do they interview contestants before AND after the weekly weigh-in?
Why do Penny and Sheldon's mom sing "Soft Kitty, Warm Kitty" differently?
Line in script does not match spoken line in The Big Lebowski
In Grand Budapest Hotel, an explanation regarding Gustave
Can someone explain the Acura "I sell cars, you sell you" ads?
Can the timeline of Predestination be written in chronological order?
Explanation for all beings to be able to speak English?
Is there a reference to Voldemort in 12 Angry Men?
What's the name of the trope where a character answers the phone expecting someone and it's someone else?
How faithful is "American Sniper" to the book?
In which way do the engravings represent Dean Corso's journey towards The Ninth Gate?
Possible flaw in Predestination (2014)
"That's what I said!"
Is Miss Moneypenny's character altered in the movies?
How did they get the baby actor in Tootsie to repeatedly turn its head away from food?
At the start of the 3rd Tour why were the US soldiers more reckless than they were before?
80s sci-fi movie with "tank men"?
How old is Adam in The Goldbergs? How does this reconcile with watching Star Wars?
In the Buffy episode Consequences, how did Angel get into Faith's apartment?
Horror movie about fog
How did Gary Barber work his way up?
How exactly did Summers, Shelby, Abernathy organize their slavery empire?
S01E10: How did Romero know about the money?
What exactly happened to the guys in Scenic Route movie?
How was Jesse Pinkman originally supposed to die in season one?
Legalities of shows recording crime?
Why does the term "CILLY" begin at the start of every message in "The Imitation Game"?
Value of Currency in Guardians of the Galaxy
MPAA film numbers - is there a list?
How did Alan lose his chiropractic license?
What city is used for cityscape shots in The Flash?
What is the correct, full Lenin quote that the Dude fails to deliver?
What format would Lucy's knowledge be saved as?
A movie about a Soviet(?) ballet composer?
80s/90s obscure movie taking place in boy's bedroom
Were Tyrion's stories true?
How was the opening scene in Fight Club made?
What do the characters that accompany Willard in Apocalypse Now represent in relation to the morality and insanity?
What happened to Myrcella Baratheon?
Why are nude scenes allowed in PG-13 movies?
Why is scary makeup allowed in PG-13 movies?
Why would a movie that appears pornographic via it's rating (X) receive an Academy Award?
How realistic is the hacking depicted in Blackhat?
What exactly happened to Chen Dawai?
Why were kids allowed to act in the movie Caligula (1979)?
Why do remakes need permission whereas spoofs/parodies don't?
Why didn't Brad Pitt win Best Picture Oscar Award for Departed, even though he served as producer for the film?
Does Jane Kaczmarek actually whistle in "Mrs. Tri-County"?
Why are these people in the Purgatory timeline?
In Ocean's Thirteen, how can a loaded roulette ball's outcome be predicted down to three digits?
Why would damage to Ken Barnaby's right hand be enough to exonerate him?
Is Deckard a replicant?
What is the meaning of the badges on the caskets in American Sniper?
Why are children not allowed to play a role in adult films, but allowed in R-rated films?
Who will decide about the sequences of scenes in a movie?
Why was the killer's face never revealed in V for Vendetta (2005)?
How did Newt survive while she was alone?
Who manufactured the corrupt Intersect and deposited it in the castle?
Why didn't the cops investigate Richie Whelan's murder?
Master builder in Lego Movie and Simpsons a Brick like me
What is the short in which a man has a nightmare complete with broken physics?
Can this quote from The Fifth Estate be attributed to Julian Assange?
Are the 2015 Academy Nominated Animated Shorts family friendly?
How do they know the contents of the morning weather report message before they break the code?
Was there supposed to be any implication Maynard G. Krebs used drugs?
Is the same camera used for TV series and movies?
In Inception movie final scene, why does the spinning top never comes to rest?
Are there Bollywood movies (esp. Sci-Fi) without singing and dancing?
What song was played during credits of the kingsman?
How does Lydia "escape" the dinner scene?
Why does Cassandra tell James Cole to stay away from her in Haiti?
Family Guy "Wish it. Want it. Do it." based on a real book?
Why Does Mike Dislike Walt, But Not Gus?
Returning Properties in Martin Scorsese movies
In the movie Cowboys and Aliens, did the alien kill the dog?
Why are James Bond roles not played by American actors?
What was the deal with Dotzler?
Why is the poster of The Theory of Everything rotated 90 degrees clockwise?
In the movie 'Amadeus', did Tom Hulce play all the correct piano notes himself?
What's the meaning of MC, PD, FD in Korean TV serial Running Man?
From whom do the people from The Scene get money?
Rose's message in the season two finale of The Fall
Was Buster Keaton really Charlie Chaplin's rival?
Who are the people who mug the ghost outside of Rhinehart's publishing firm?
Can someone translate this authentic frontier gibberish.... Reverend!
When did Raj start talking around women without alcohol?
Can someone explain the ending/themes in the 2006 movie "Bug"?
Do the ancient Japanese healing methods really work?
Hair changes in The Book of Life - What's this called?
What is the point of the girlfriend scenes?
How many seasons of Game of Thrones will there be by the time it finishes?
Who was the main antagonist?
Real name of demons in Supernatural
How is a hanging scene filmed?
How did stuntman Mike evade the police after murdering 4 girls?
Frequency ending scene?
TV episode with a man betting on a ship
Interstellar Ending Scene and Logic
Who were the choices for the leading role in Total Recall (1990)?
Why bring Professor Xavier to Pentagon?
Why doesn't Mike Ross just get a law degree?
Is 'Birdman' the first movie to use the long take technique for events not occuring in real time?
How is Neo able to see after going blind in Revolutions
A question about a line from Diving Bell And The Butterfly
How can a pirated blu-ray be released online before the official blu-ray release?
What's the meaning of VJ in Korean TV show Running Man?
So what is so bad about being a Divergent?
How are water scenes (with flooding) achieved without injuring actors?
Did Archer cause the elevator to break?
Why are more American movies are coming out in foreign countries first?
Why did Matt Damon opt out of the Bourne Legacy?
What evidence existed against Skyler White during the final episodes of Breaking Bad?
Why does Andy drink the shots in the “Cross Hands” pub?
Why does Bill Murray's character try to chop down the tree?
"A Time to kill" final verdict?
How do the Reavers reproduce?
Does Metropolis advocate for Social Democracy?
Question about Ann's refusal to believe Chris in What Dreams May Come
How did The Joker know who Batman's parents were?
What does Will want to say with his response to Eric's bridge analogy?
Switch in *The Matrix* - Two Actors?
What does Allen's comment about "You've Got Mail" mean?
What does Allen's line about the floatation device mean?
What happened to the Witch?
Why did the hair on the corn work?
What is the story of Leon's plant?
What will happen when the TV series catches up with the books?
Man hides from boss by disguising himself as an armchair
Why Mr. Ford was afraid that Tibeats would kill Platt?
How is it possible that they had never seen that car on the bridge before?
Is Collier's line about the bible correct?
What are the details of the recent agreement between Sony Pictures and Marvel Studios?
What was the purpose of the Wonder Woman (2013) short?
How faithful is Walking Dead the TV show to the comic series?
Wachowski trademarks?
Explain the season one climax (technical) of Silicon Valley
How is the Wachowskis' interpretation not up to the mark according to Alan Moore?
How did 'Alan Smithee' get his name?
In the film Jacob's Ladder, did Danny Aiello's character serve a specific purpose?
"I find her interesting because...she sleeps above her covers..."
"There'll be magic" -- Foreshadowing in For the First Time in Forever?
Why are the zombie's skulls so easily crushable?
Why does Arrow have so much Microsoft product placement?
What's the origin of the "'ello, gov'nor" line?
What's the story of the other mole in the police department?
Zombies At The Fence - filming head injuries to walkers
Hollywood movie where a person takes different roles but escapes most of time
Role of preacher in Sympathy for Lady Vengeance
What is the music at the end credits of Better Call Saul?
A Question about the little girl in red dress in Schindler's List
How did Solomon knows it is a signal of attack?
'American Sniper' : Reality about the movie's end?
What characters does Honey Lemon resemble?
Inspiration for making Speed Racer
Is Jane cheating on Stephen?
"I promise, Tiger". Why is he addressing him like that, what's the origin?
What was going on with Dennis in 'Charlie Work' (S10E04)?
How does Doc Ock stay awake after being punched by Spider-Man?
Has there been any proof that Storage Wars producers planted items?
Why was Baelfire sent back with everyone when Regina tore the curse scroll?
Were the oil paintings in the episode "Im Schmerz geboren" for real?
Who decides how a totem behaves in a dream?
Identify an American TV Show Car Chase - Aired in early 2000's
A question about a scene in Dumb and Dumber To
Is the ring smaller than normal in the Rocky movies?
Was Jake Gyllenhaal's character in Nightcrawler a sociopath or psychopath?
What changes Agent K to be happier?
How does Amy escape capture?
Jaime's character change in Game of Thrones
Shark Tank: Not the first time Mark Cuban went on this rant. What does he mean?
Why do they go to the toilet and put the hose in it to breathe?
Which book about encryption did Christopher give Alan when he was a child?
Horror movie that takes place in a hospital, includes time manipulation
Chuck Norris entry in Expendables 2
What is today's version of the 'cutting the phone line' trope?
Russian/East-European/Soviet Cartoon show with 3 main characters
Is there a plot hole or deleted scene in the film?
Is the money meant to link Fargo the TV series and Fargo the movie?
What age was Ted Allpress when he played in Thor?
How does Cap know that Loki's punch packs a wallop?
Why does Perkins leave and meet Winston?
Why didn't Hans Huberman slap Liesel in the movie, like he did in the book?
Does the first scene in Better Call Saul take place after Breaking Bad
In what way did Dmitri intend to insult M Gustave at the funeral?
Are Matt LeBlanc's financial troubles a caricature of Nicolas Cage?
A show about four heroes fighting against evil
Why did Valentine need the Professor (Hamill)?
What does Jaime Lannister say he wants at the beginning of season four?
Identify the movie where a man is sent to prison and has cellmate with a calendar tattooed all over his arms
Why is 11 an important number in I-Origins
Why didn't the Starks form an alliance with Stannis?
What does Samantha mean when she says, "Now we know how?"
Why does the drink affect him?
Is Roy based on Quentin Tarantino and Sofia Coppola?
How does M. Gustave's poem relate to the "Boy with Apple"?
Why does King Henry's "death" immediately place Thomas Cromwell in such danger?
Is a whiteboard anachronistic in Ashes to Ashes?
Are Movie Stars typically forbidden from appearing in future commercials resembling a played character?
Gollum and the ring
What was the first movie to feature a person seated on a toilet?
Why the characters 'Walter White' and 'Jesse Pinkman' dropped from the spin-off 'Better Call Saul'?
Are the brands worn by the stars in a movie part of promotions?
How did the US PoW infer the end of WW2?
Why does Chuck ask people that enter his house if they have 'grounded themselves'?
Was there a specific meaning behind each child in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
Why was "13" written on the wall as the train leaves District 12 in Catching Fire?
Why does Nina Myers call Palmer in episode 22 to help save Jack from the Drazens?
Was Gabriel Osbourne really a psychic?
Why did Riggan Thomson choose to end his play that way?
Exact french quote meaning "To want something you have to be alive"
Any known cases of a person appearing in one reality TV show as having one career but later in another reality TV show as having a different career?
What are the differences between the US and UK cuts of the church scene in Kingsman: The Secret Service?
Why was The LEGO Movie not nominated at the Oscars?
Big Trouble In Little China Ending
Has the pronunciation of Arya Stark's name changed?
How does one identify Valyrian steel?
Why didn't Balian ask for terms with Saladin before the siege of Jerusalem in Kingdom of Heaven?
Is the title "Project Almanac" an homage to Back to the Future?
Does the music festival really exist?
What is the purpose of a mid-season finale?
The Legendary Enormous Boulder Scene
How does Ronnie get out of the neighbor's house while videotaping?
Help me understand the interaction between Marcus and John Wick
When did bombs start having fancy countdown timers?
Help identifying an old alien movie
Can using fake names or pseudonyms in the credits really protect you from legal troubles?
Why this turn in Shae's character?
How did Emmet build the Double Decker couch?
Why did Ford Prefect try to introduce himself to a car?
What is the "vector analysis" used in The Bletchley Circle?
Why does John du Pont do that to Dave Schultz?
How can I objectively assess or rate a movie?
Obscure movie about orphans forced to work in mill/factory
What's the old guy (Chuck?)'s problem in the end of Better Call Saul episode 4 of season 1
Movie about two sisters, one of them is professional killer
What is the "moral" in Elite Squad (Tropa de Elite)?
Horror Ghost Movie; Water dripping from basement knob
What is the machinery at the top of the elevator in Mission: Impossible?
Movie about an old lady who takes the blame for murders committed by a serial killer
How do they locate the physical body in Animatrix: Kid's story?
In Star Wars, is the Wampa's dismembered arm foreshadowing?
What is the most loss suffered by a Hollywood movie?
What is Stephen Chow working on post Journey to the West?
80s TV action series about an "electric man"
What was the meaning of "21 grams"?
Are the scripts published online official?
Why do people refer to Larry as 'Doc'?
Birdman and In Bruges, dream sequence reference
Was this character from 'Better Call Saul' also in 'Breaking bad'?
Significance of "savages" dialogue in American Sniper
Who chooses the host for the Oscar show?
Did Axler sleep with with his daughter in the Humbling movie?
How much time has passed in House of Cards?
To whom is the Chitauri mastermind talking in the beginning?
Did Lucy become a Buddha?
What is the significance of the scene where Karen and Monnitoff briefly talked about Donnie Darko?
Why hasn't Team Machine told Control who was really behind Vigilance?
How come Top Gear (UK) has swearing in season 22?
How is an actor cast that's an older version of another one?
Where did the "dream effect" originate?
Why doesn't Grey allow Anastasia to touch him?
How to obtain a good version of Pinocchio?
How did John Pasternak know of Claire's fondness for tulips?
What is the name of the Russian song in the season 3 episode 3?
Why not use Red Woman to take down King's Landing?
Any reason behind the ending of Inglourious Basterds?
How are car model years identified?
Why was Inglourious Basterds misspelt?
What is the nature of the blackmail that will ultimately result from Gene Hunt's destruction of the video tape?
How and at what point does Tim Price learn of Caroline Price's affair?
I think I missed something in 'It Follows'
How were the scenes with Gazelle shot?
Why did Merlin give Lancelot the edge-of-space mission?
How to find out whether a reality show is scripted
Do extended & director's cut versions get released in theatres?
What was Billy's goal for becoming a cop and going undercover?
Please identify this horror movie about ghosts that only attack in the dark
Guy has a dream with premonitions that come true
What did the tanks fire at?
House of Cards American flag
Early '90s horror/thriller movie/tv show - guy's head and arm trapped by closing electric car window
Wolverine in the river at the end of X-Men: Days of Future Past
Why is there an asteroid scene at the beginning and at the end of Birdman?
What does Viktor Navorski say to Milodragovich in Bulgarian?
How does a movie get animals to "like" a character?
What happened to Behrooz on "24"
Why did Walter White change his mind about chemotherapy?
Why is it that in the movie Cinderella the horse is transformed into the driver?
Who recorded "The West Wing Theme"?
Why is Ragnar Lothbrok almost always smiling?
Was Fenton Mikes planning the actions FBI agent in Frailty (2001)?
East Europe (Poland?) dystopic, post-apocalyptic movie from the 70'-'80s
Why the character name "Johnny Utah"?
What was the point of Marie's shoplifting
Are there differences in the ways/rationales that movies cast real persons to play "themselves?"
On the plane, what exactly is Lucy doing with her computers?
Are there two separate versions of Hugo Stiglitz's background in Inglourious Basterds?
Why doesn't Voldemort have a nose?
Why is Frank shooting against Jackie in the election debate?
Drummer is called 3 hours earlier on day 1 band rehearsals in Whiplash
Legal implications of shooting a movie along a public sidewalk with dozens of people
Impractical jokers ever gotten into serious trouble?
House of Cards season 3 release policy
Question about Rachel Posner and Doug Stamper
Does the Super Sentai and Power Rangers franchises have a unified timeline? If not, is it possible?
Does Bollywood title their movies using the Latin alphabet or the Devanagari alphabet?
Over what time period does Once Upon A Time In The West take place?
What relevance does the comic reading subplot in the Ultimate Cut have?
What was the original plan?
A man wins the jackpot at a slot machine
Guys on bikes in "Under the Skin" (2013)
In the Hobbit 3, why didn't the orcs... [spoiler]
What does this Chinese graffiti from The Sand Pebbles mean?
Why did Dr. Manhattan choose the hydrogen atom for the symbol on his forehead?
Song Identification: The Farm: Angola, USA funeral dirge
Why is Birdman subtitled The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance?
Does time stop when the fourth wall is broken?
What's up with the Marine uniforms in this episode of Scorpion?
How do they make the boy in City of god cry in the scene where he gets shot in the foot
Why do some movies have photoshopped pictures of the 'family'
Why did Nicky do what he did to Jess in New Orleans?
Why was the doll from Annabelle so treasured?
Stock manipulation in The Taking of Pelham 123
Why the delay in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice
Why no children?
Why is not a single grounder deformed in The 100?
A young punk gets mentored by a classy old gentlemen
Is there actually an episode of Lassie whereby someone deduces from Lassie's barking that Timmy is trapped in a well?
Why does everyone hate Meg?
Why is it called Movie 43?
Why the Angels and not the Dodgers in The Naked Gun?
Why was Schillinger so brutal in the very beginning even if he hoped for parole?
Why does The Hound never take the black?
Why does Robert Baratheon want to "Burn them all"?
What does the audience do during hour-long breaks while taping Wizard Wars?
Is this an homage to Trading Places?
Why was the incident involving Sonny so over the top?
Why didn't Vlad make his wife drink his vampire blood?
Who was Beni calling a "bastard" in The Mummy?
How do you explain the car crash scene in Fight Club?
Do jazz/classical musicians find "Whiplash" accurate?
What is funny about Yokomichi Yonosuke's name?
Was the Greatjon at the Red Wedding?
In Skyfall, why did M order Eve to "take the shot?
Details on Roose Bolton's betrayal
Did Lord Baelish lie about his nickname?
In "The Amazing Race 16, Leg 11", why did the show use the name "Garden Bridge" instead of "Waibaidu Bridge"?
What happened to Theon's crew?
How can a small girl solve codes, she even decoded "STAY" word 100% correctly, but how?
Why does Jacob Black change his hair style?
What does Billy show Marty that makes him leave?
What is the current relationship status of Tony and Ziva in NCIS?
What was the decision Madge Hardcastle took?
Why did Bishop start burning in sunlight?
Did Aegon have an army?
What is this White Horse a reference to
Was this scene the first to show the wand massager in a mainstream movie?
Why did Roose Bolton adopt Ramsay?
Does Stannis wear a crown?
Japanese movie about young man living in "blind spot"
How did Richard Parker manage to get the goat inside the cage?
Movie where stranded people kill (but not eat) a person to survive famine
What's happened to Shirley in Community Season 6
Please identify this horror movie about a girl who was used to trap actors in a house
Movie (maybe show?) where clinic is held hostage for adult son who dies
What is the meaning of this reaction given by Lois?
The use of the word “fuck” in The 300: Rise of an Empire
Time loop paradox in The Flash
What is the real story behind movie Badlapur?
Why do actresses really go for a complete hair cut for a role instead of using CGI?
What really happened in Walter Bishop's Lab in Fringe?
Name of movie about people who have died and are waiting to move on (to heaven or a new life)
Why do prisoners want to live in Emerald City?
Genre of Banshee
Understanding the "secret" message of a scene in the movie, The Water Diviner
Why is Gangs of New York considered an original screenplay?
Was it Barry's reflection or himself after the time jump?
What is the significance of the game "Monument Valley" to House of Cards plot
What happened to Hector Mendoza in House of Cards?
Thriller movie with woman afraid to leave her apartment
How come the underlying theme of Birdman is being seen as redemptive, rather than sealing the character's fate as a failure?
Who was "The guy" Mike was talking about?
Why didn't Dwight ever suspect Creed of something nefarious?
What is The Judge?
What does Ron mean by "watch who you eat"?
What paper does Ron stick infront of a car's window that belongs to the people from IRS?
Was Joe being sarcastic after hearing about Jim?
Jason Bourne as Gilberto di Piento and passports
How did they realize the truth about Josh?
Why are the Infinity stones different in appearance?
Why is Bugs Bunny confused by the name "Hansel?"
What's with Garrett glaring at the study group, and then Leonard staring at Garrett?
Significance of the red elbow in American Sniper
Non-credit in Julie and Julia
What is the significance of purple in the dream world of Sally?
What happened to William Giles?
What happened to President Walker's immunity?
What's so great about House Tully?
Why do the cops shoot at Blade without provocation
Why did Murph's brother and his wife refuse a doctor for their son in Interstellar?
Why are some DVDs with old movies have black bars on all four sides of the screen
Why did Will say sorry after asking the question?
Why did Leonard wear Jimmy's cloths?
What is Stamper negotiating for in his salary?
Why are trailers called "trailers"?
Regenesis - why is it not widely available?
Meaning of room numbers in The Matrix Reloaded
What is the current status of Neo in the matrix?
Words on the screen in John Wick
Who really owns the pocket watch, Richard or Elise?
What country are the text pranksters supposed to be from?
Ultimate fate of Captain Hook in 1991's Hook movie?
When did Sullivan exactly realize who the undercover guy (DiCaprio) was?
Did Robert Redford name the Sundance Film Festival after the character he played?
Did Wolfe kill Triphammer?
Where and why is the Royal Coat of Arms in the title sequence of 30Rock
Who is the narrator in the movie Book Thief?
Handcuffs found by Yuri
What gave Caincross away in the Imitation Game?
X Files known by other name?
Did Mel Gibson give any of his profits back to charity?
In Kingsman: The Secret Service, what do the wine choices imply?
Wouldn’t Underwood’s plan for Sharp in season 3 of House of Cards be obvious?
How does Cole get from the First World War to 1996?
Why does Alfred suddenly start to encourage Bruce's darker side in episode S01E08?
Why is Phantasm II available on Bluray while the other movies in this series are not?
What if the coordinates of NASA were not sent?
Dragon Blade - true story?
What does Carl mean when he says, "that son of a gun"?
What does you're on my hair signifies in Wedding Crashers?
Are weapon manufacturers investing in product placement?
Whose signature is shown in the Spectre teaser?
How does Batman complete the Joker?
Why is the ending of Big Hero 6 such as it is?
Why doesn't Walt tell Walt Jr the truth about Hank?
What is the symbolism of the blue meth?
Did Arnold smoke Cannabis at the end of Pumping Iron?
Why did the white people on Candieland respect or even take commands from Stephen?
Interstellar movie black hole concept?
Is there any history between Irene Adler and Sherlock holmes in Sherlock Holmes (2009) movie
What did Jon Arryn mean?
How does the button mechanism work?
Why did NASA not investigate Cooper's house?
The Bodyguard hotel kitchen scene
Who did Rick Grimes shoot at the end of the Season 5 finale?
Is this a mistake in The Imitation Game?
What would happen if Cage tried to confront the first (or second) Alpha again?
Why does the doctor help Ray Breslin at last?
What makes Hulk differentiate the enemy from the allies during the last fight in "The Avengers"?
Why did Cooper chase the drone across the field when food is so scarce?
How might a "random" event be effected in a movie?
Why was the actor who played Kreese in Community credited as 'Someone Else'?
Why are some movie parts much louder than others?
Why did the Pollos Hermanos attacks not bring more suspicion?
In the Sopranos, what is the meaning of Chris Moltisanti staring at an anonymous young family in the street?
Need help understanding "Finding Forrester"
Why didn't Sherock let Watson in on his Empty Hearse plot?
Why the need for Sherlock's Empty Hearse plot?
What is the naming pattern in Better Call Saul?
Why did those trucks/tractors act in a strange way?
What's the deal with two insurance companies in The Postman Always Rings Twice?
Why did Walt give up 1.5 million to work with Jesse?
How could Chris be hurt while bathing, when/because his wife flushes the toilet?
Are all JMC ships red?
Isn't Lister an Orphan?
Last scene of taxi driver
Why did Galadriel say "I will diminish"?
How does buying goods from outside prison work?
What's the purpose of people shouting "Hello" into the phone several times after they've clearly been disconnected?
Who is the man passing Sergeant James?
Why didn't Noah go to Allie's school or home when she didn't reply
Was Elrond Elros' brother?
Plane of corpses in "A Scandal in Belgravia"
Cartoon where dream-people realize they are dreamed, travel to real world to bring dreamer into it (while keeping him asleep)
What happens when the Nazgul breaks the stick of Gandalf?
Why didn't NASA contact Cooper?
In what year does It Follows take place?
In The Simpsons, why did they "kill" Maude Flanders?
Is there any explanation for Lou Bloom's mannerisms and personality in Nightcrawler?
Why did a Dementor try to take Harry's soul in the train?
Who are the statues at the Gates of Argonath?
Did Lord Tywin keep Ice's handle?
Is Cersei Lannister menopausal?
Mike's father in My Own Private Idaho?
Was the first season of Leverage shown out of order?
Where Does The Meat Come From
What is Jason's role / purpose in Continuum?
Why exactly does the girl cry at the end?
How do Trainers keep track of which Pokéball belongs to which Pokémon?
Why didn't young Barry disappear?
Did the Baker and Cinderella get married?
Wasn't Sue becoming invisible the only option after all?
What made Francis urinate on his father's grave?
Why does Trinity's kiss revive Neo in The Matrix?
Doug Stamper / Frank Underwood backstory -- why is he so loyal?
Why was Turing told that his fiance was in jail?
Is Frank in 'Frank' autistic?
What does Worf say when Data sings?
How realistic is the tornadoes in Into the storm 2014
Which are Tarantino’s eight films?
Is Rimmer's Salute Regulation?
Did Myranda try to kill Ramsay?
Why no stars in Interstellar?
Is the money transfer in Casino Royale a plot hole?
Why are people forced in the Matrix - why not make it the ultimate VR game?
Can Brandon only control Hodor?
"New Jack City": Pascal programming at a drug cartel?
Is the lens on Gerty 3000 from "Moon" a reference to HAL from "2001: A Space Odyssey"?
Is Chuck McGill mentioned at all in Breaking Bad?
Teacher turns racist and violent classmates into peaceful individuals
How did Eric survive after being burnt in the finale of season 6?
West Wing reasoning behind mocking people who say "there but for the grace of God go I?"
Did Nolan leave the ending of Inception up to the audience?
When did Letty regain her memories?
What did Ocean mean by "You shook Sinatra's hand - you should know better"?
Why does Teddy arrive on Shutter Island by boat?
How does the high gravity on Miller's planet create big waves?
The Usual Suspects what's the joke?
Why doesn't the temporal agent recognize himself?
Comedy involving a contract killer
Did "Amityville: The Awakening" ever get released?
How did Harrison know the Enterprise had warp core issues?
What were stopping Aliens from attacking with those advanced weaponry?
Who is the second Hamlin in Hamlin, Hamlin and McGill?
What exactly is Lady Mary's "device" in Season 5 of Downton Abbey?
Why use multiple Harry Potters?
Where is the 2nd season of True detective set?
I want to know the fruit name in Hundred Foot Journey
What are the Babadook's powers/abilities?
Why would an Unsullied go to a brothel?
portable computer on Halt and Catch Fire TV series?
Was the sabre-toothed cat shown in the closing credits of The Flintstones ever in any episodes?
Riggan arriving in cab at the theater
Can actors always wear contact lenses?
Why did Varys support the plot to assassinate Daenerys Targaryen?
The Witch's Prophecy in S05E01
What does Werner Zytle mean with his final words in S03E01?
Do I need to watch Agents of SHIELD before watching Agent Carter or Daredevil?
Why did Connie Sumner use tissue paper in the train's restroom after having physical contact with Paul?
How come the chained dragons don't choke when they grow?
Why is the governor perplexed after hearing the doctor's question about releasing prisoners?
Origin of the quote "mad impetuous boy"
Movie about a girl taking revenge for the death of her parents
Did the actors sing for Pitch Perfect?
Old movie about an immortal man who saves a young girl
Announcer's Voice in "42"
How did the DHARMA Initiative fit into Lost's story?
Movie\show with futuristic soldiers and a flashback scene
When was the first time an author directed the adaptation of their own book?
Why did Sean get onto the plane in the Event?
What's the "toss you for it" wager Jake Green makes in the casino?
Did Keller get found in the end?
In Daredevil S01E03, What happened in court?
Why was there a POI mismatch in Episode S01E05?
How did Stannis neutralize the overwhelming superior head count of Mance Rayder's army?
Is the BB-8 robot in the new Star Wars movie and in this presentation the same exact robot?
What is the cost of making Game of Thrones each episode?
From which film did they use this younger Alec Baldwin in 30 Rock?
Why did Anastasia make that choice in the end?
How did Gus solve Malvo's riddle?
Why did the Capitol bomb District 13?
What is the primary spoken language in Passion of the Christ?
Why does Ben Affleck / Bruce Wayne look old?
How come Ser Loras is engaged to Cersei after being in the Kingsguard?
What's with the shark in the pool?
Why didn't Julian tell Danny the truth about his last job?
What does Lisa call the Tibetan Buddhist Devil's name in "The Simpsons"?
How "directed" were the activities filmed in Disney's Monkey Kingdom?
Do bastard names depend on the birth location, or the place where the father of the bastard belongs?
Is the Hound a lord?
Movie about a criminal inside a bar
Why doesn't the spider venom affect Peter badly?
Does Grand Maester Pycelle have an agenda?
What on earth happened between Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant?
Why does the computer having data from Dr. Mann's planet react in this way?
Why was Mossador afraid of death?
Has Arya forgiven people?
Why did the Joker take the risk of placing a gun in Harvey Dent's hand?
Did Harry, Ron, and Hermione just kill an innocent Goblin?
Is "The Tribe" in real sign language?
Can the King release a man of the Night's Watch from their vows?
What is the significance of the song played at the end of Tangerines (2013)?
Does Daredevil take place right after 9/11?
Why did Melisandre ask Jon Snow if he's a virgin?
What is the origin of the Black Tablet thing surrounded by apes?
Does Jon Snow have king's blood in his veins as his brother Robb was king of the north
Why does the Fast & Furious franchise have a chronological order different from the release order?
At what point did Lou Bloom decide to 'sack' his assistant?
Why can't Coraline's real parents remember the trap?
Are all Pixar movies set in the same universe?
In the Big Bang Theory what activities are reserved for specific weekdays?
Why all the eggs in TURN?
Is the time on the 100$ bill actually fixed?
Was this episode of Community sponsored by Honda
Why was Jane invited to go with Stephen Hawking to meet the Queen?
How come Bootstrap Turner (Bill Turner) ends up on the Davy Jones ship?
Trick Or Treat - What gives with the soundtrack?
Are House Martell secretly Team Targaryen?
Are there any existing animation templates for movie graphics?
What did Captain America mean after being kissed by Black Widow?
Why do studios release multiple trailers?
On their U.S. release date, what time of day are movies first shown?
Identify this British miniseries about a scientist
Why does Robin call Petyr "Uncle"?
Reason behind Man of Steels muted tones
Modifications to the Star Wars original trilogy
Who does Justice Ashland represent in the West Wing?
Is Heath Ledger seen in the restaurant scene in The Dark Knight?
Why didn't he get the power of Mjolnir?
What is the reason for Hulk's decision at the end of 'Age of Ultron'?
Why and how did Valentine disappear?
Did Hugo Weaving Copy Carl Sagan to play Agent Smith?
Was Nakatomi corp. involved in illegal activity?
Why does Quaid shoot the soldier that frees him?
Doesn't Det Arthur Bell know his Nikon camera has LCD display?
How did Tony Stark get his new suits?
What happened to Jarvis at the end of Avengers: Age of Ultron
What does Steve Rogers mean in this dialogue?
Why was the Hulkbuster program called Veronica?
What is the time-frame of the 1st season of Daredevil?
Why didn't Sean go with Toretto and the gang?
What makes Ultron the person he is?
What happened to the second Barry in Rogue Time?
Why was Amir Khan's character named PK?
Are there any details about the contract that Aaron Taylor-Johnson signed to be a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Regarding Age of Ultron's post-credit scene
What is the significance of the conversation between Menzies and Turing in the movie The Imitation Game?
Is Captain America captain of the Avengers team?
Did Thanos have anything to do with the events of Age of Ultron?
How does Iron Man's costume serve to emphasize the aspects of his character?
How does Captain America reclaim his shield in The Winter Soldier?
Why aren't armorers listed in credits?
How would a producer decide whether to use a real or "mock" site for filming?
When discussing box office revenue why do we typically only refer to the domestic total and not the worldwide total?
What is the name of this technique when the scene is morphed into something visually similar?
"In this climate, it's what the buyers believe and where there's smoke, there's fire". What does this mean?
You know nothing Jon Snow
Lie To Me Paradox
Why no Marvel One-Shot for The Winter Soldier?
Portrayal of police in Korean cinema
Who was the caller in the episode "Last Call" (S03E15)
In American Sniper (2014), why didn't the team kill al Zarqawi?
Why do some movies start with a big rotating circle and countdown?
How old is James McGill?
Is Captain America worthy of Mjolnir?
How was Age of Ultron's post-credit scene even possible?
How has "Unbroken" fared in Asian markets?
Why was this specific character in Age Of Ultron killed off?
Has Jean-Claude Van Damme really no memories of filming the movie Knock Off?
What were the other A.I. chips and whom are they referring to?
Round, yellow you rap them on a stone and they go ding
What was Joss Whedon's budget for Much Ado About Nothing?
How come the Unsullied are overwhelmed so easily?
Why did they use Head & Shoulders to fight the alien invaders in Evolution?
Wall Street 2: Nationalisation
Did the Furious 7 team do wrong things in Abu Dhabi?
Can Quicksilver push bullets out of the way?
Nature of relationship between Jimmy and Kim
Why do the sheep in the movie "Babe" have a password?
Wedding guests for Gru and Lucy
What was Thor doing?
What do we know about Strucker?
How did Ultron come to be in the Sceptre?
Isn't the Quicksilver from Avengers 2 the same as the Quicksilver from X-Men: Days of Future Past?
Why is Daredevil 2015 so brutal?
Does "Edge of Tomorrow" relate in any aspect with Scientology?
What does the last scene in Woman In Black imply?
How did Variety know how many families went to see "Avengers: Age of Ultron"?
Was Kramer ever gainfully employed?
Was Adam Sandler's dad dead or did he just go away?
Explanation for Henry's actions in Forever S01E22
Scene from a TV show with two men talking and one of them summarising Star Wars in a funny way
What are the known differences between the Stargate universe in the movie and the TV series?
Why did Teal'c decide to join SG-1 during Children of the Gods?
Why is travelling through the Stargate from Earth such a bumpy ride?
What do the different colour intros mean?
Observers in every episode?
What are the differences in the remastered Children of the Gods?
See you on the other side
How much of Interstellar is based on real effects?
How did Marcellus know he was double-crossed by Butch?
Why did Hawkeye become immune to mind control effects?
In The Cabin in the Woods, what would happen in other parts of the world?
What happened to Daniel Jackson's allergies?
Voice synthesizer used for the Rabbot's voice on Aqua Teen Hunger Force
Why was the Log Lady hostile towards Agent Cooper?
Why don't the team ever bring back other species for study?
What are the differences between a DHD and Earth's dialing computer?
Which years are referred to as "Generation 1" in the original Transformers cartoon series?
Why does Monica's apartment look different in s01e10?
Who was Brett in Pulp Fiction?
What is the symbol on front of the Bus?
Was Cary Grant the first actor to say "gay" onscreen?
Why does Spike claim to have gotten his soul back by his own wish, when he didn't?
Why does Daredevil's cowl have eyeholes?
Why does Reid scribble into his notebook `Extreme Aggressor`
Why is Pulp Fiction's opening scene different to the one near the end?
In Disney's The Hunchback of Notre Dame: Is the gyspy woman really Quasimodo's mom?
How do HYDRA get the Leviathan to Strucker's base?
How did Thor know the Power stone was in play?
What did the Hulk see during his nightmare vision?
How would you describe the relation between Mathilda and Léon?
How does a movie director handle an inherently dangerous scene such as the following?
Would Dr Hannibal Lecter allow himself to be a consultant with Clarice if Miggs hadn't behaved improperly to her?
Man admits guilt but recants it, leading to investigation and legal struggle
Why does Cooper send the NASA coordinates in Interstellar?
How does SGC know who is incoming before the stargate connects?
How did Klorel and Apophis escape their ships alive?
What Bill Murray movie is on TV in "Lost in Translation"?
What is the content of the one un-opened package in "Castaway"?
Getting a movie's gross revenue trend
What's Saddam Hussein doing in the Dude's dream?
Elderly man sending postcards to random addresses during wartime
In "My Neighbor Totoro", what is wrong with the mother (why is she in the hospital)?
What is 'Forget it Tracy. It's Midtown' a reference to in 30 Rock
Did Diablo Cody intentionally have Juno use the mashed-up phrase, "Thundercats are go!"?
Whose hands are in the box?
Who leaked the news about the merger?
Was any further information on Margaret's pregnancy ever given?
Can a wooden log really harm a creature like the Predator?
The Imitation Game - 10 men checking one setting a minute
Is the identity of the planet in the start and ending of Cloud Atlas canonically known?
Why does the tenant with the sick wife say "If I believed that, I would never have opened the door."?
Why are the members of the crew in Prometheus not bothered about Elizabeth Shaw or her medical condition?
How choreographed/scripted is wrestling?
How is Walter able to threaten Hank?
What is the song played in the radio station just before the semi-finals?
Where did Jesse get the ricin from?
How did Michael know that he would join his brother for sure?
What was the purpose of the guitarist on the chase?
Should one watch the first three Mad Max movies before watching Fury Road?
In Swordfish, did they really fly a bus underneath a helicopter in downtown LA?
Why are actors addressed by real names off screen but on set?
Is the Mountain Dead or Alive?
Why does no one suspect this character towards the end of Season1/Beginning of 2?
First movie with Iron Man like HUD
Won't Elena get old?
What does the Swedish princess say to the prime minister in Kingsman?
What happened to the Dothraki loyal to Daenerys?
Was Interstellar an infinite loop?
What is Sauron saying when Galadriel defeats him at Dol Guldur?
Was Margot Having an Affair with Eli?
Why does Walt "try to take credit" for his crime?
Was film actually “better” than digital media?
What was the point of the origami Swan being dropped in the sewers by Michael?
How much of Nina's mother's emotional manipulation was real?
What is the significance of the Coke ad?
Why does Luke let Darth Vader kill the Emperor?
Who are the little guys wearing orange robes?
What was the silver "valhalla spray" in Fury Road?
What liquid was being carried in the tanker?
Which video game do Underwood and Yates play in chapter 33?
Is J.A.R.V.I.S. the Vision?
Why would they stop investigating on Arthur Leigh Allen?
What all was on Max's back?
Why sudden change in war boy's motives?
Did Sherlock pick the bad pill?
What was the biggest actor-actress height mismatch in a romantic feature film?
What has changed in Season 5 of Game of Thrones compared to the books?
Why didn't George VI simply deliver his address while listening to music on headphones?
What's the relation between the different clans?
How much of the fact narrated in The Great Beauty really happens?
Why does Grace become a different character when using her avatar?
What happened in the scene with Matsui and Danny, Rusty, and Linus?
What ever happens to Walt's job in Sandia Laboratories?
Why was the Freeling house the only one being haunted?
Who knew that Walter White was the figure known as Heisenberg?
Did Gus greenlight the killing of the young boy?
Did Magneto ever actually expect to commit genocide in X2?
Why did Ava behave like that with Caleb?
What's the significance of Amelia's toothache/jaw pain?
Who are the Many Mothers in Mad Max: Fury Road?
Significance of the Crows in Mad Max: Fury Road
What are the lyrics to the Game of Thrones theme?
Was the name of the car wash A1 or A1A?
Why does TV shows always make a full drink sound like an almost empty one?
Why did Cora say this after their intimate scene?
Why is the phrase "Winter is coming" so significant in Game of Thrones?
How did Hank know about the bullet holes before removing the duct tape?
What did Mycroft mean when he said: "You know what happened to the other-one"
What is the reason for having Becky as the target of the Salesman?
Do we ever see Joey's parents?
What was the significance of Kurtz joining airborne
When are dialect coaches brought in?
Why was Patrick not arrested for his murder?
What was Vinny's motivation for lying to Judge Haller?
Why is Doc Brown in a hurry in the end of Back to the Future part 1?
Horror movie with a boy swapped at birth whose biological parents are both murderers
Do different major Hollywood studios have distinctive styles or signature elements in their filmmaking?
What's the relevance of the scene with the boy in the park?
Removal of background noise in movie scenes
Why would Caleb write code with comments?
Legality of using fake license plates in movies
What happened during the deleted scenes in Kingsman: The Secret Service?
Was Psych the first TV series to remake its own episode?
The very ending of Ex-Machina
What does Nux say?
How did "Good Kill" get the cooperation of the Air Force?
What are the bumps on Nux's neck/shoulder?
Screen within Another Screen
Are there any real-world equivalents to spitting fuel into the engine?
How can the A.I. robot charge its battery?
How do they shoot live commentary in reality shows?
Does Capable heal Nux in Mad Max: Fury Road?
Movie about a scientist inventing a formula that is wanted by a company
How does Eggsy become so efficient in fight?
Did the writers know from the beginning who Red John was?
How can a mechanic tell if sugar was added to the fuel tank?
Why was Mal's projection in limbo?
Do I need to watch all James Bond movies starring Daniel Craig before watching Skyfall to understand the plot and characters?
How does Ellen Degeneres manage such exorbitant giveaways?
How does ADR work?
A possible Donnie Darko reference to 2002
What was the two guys' relationship in the suits?
Ending of Eden Lake
What does Bromantic comedy genre mean?
Why does 'The Wolf of Wall Street' contain so many nude scenes?
sun setting in the south
Kids names in Empire (TV show)
Publisher/editor becomes paranoid and ends up killing someone, discovers he is living a story written by his assistant
Comedy (Arabic?) about school teacher adopting her boyfriends' lifestyles
Force Majeure (2014): significance of scene in the fog
What did Jack Sparrow mean when he said "Clearly you've never been to Singapore"
What did Skyler mean by "I wish" when Jessie said "Vamonos"?
Why are the White Walkers advancing?
Movie where the bad guy fools police into shooting at hostages
What is the origin of the visions of Walt, that Shannon experiences?
"You can't be charged with the same crime twice" is the moral of the story. But I can't remember the title
Star Trek TNG TV episodes on DVD/Netflix different from network/cable telecast?
How does Captain America's shield bounce?
Where did the food come from in oblivion movie?
How was Jon Snow able to kill the White Walker in S05E08?
Why did Furious 7 get an 'A' certificate in India but got a 'PG-13' certificate in USA?
Movie about a student-teacher relationship that goes horribly wrong
Are those historical portrayal 100% or mostly real?
Flash and gene mutation
On which existing work is Legends of Tomorrow based?
How did they film Danny tricycle riding through the hotel?
Where is Angel 06 being sent?
Why doesn't Sgt. Howie never seek person who filed police complaint in The Wicker Man?
Looking for a film about a girl who can predict the future in her imagination
Where did Jon Snow get his sword?
How difficult and real are David Attenborough's documentaries?
Where did Ross sleep?
Why so many takes of the corridor scene for an absurd result?
Why does Tyrion want to advise Daenerys?
How did Ava get on the helicopter?
Why does Craster give those sacrifices to the White Walkers?
Did someone ever refer to Patrick Jane as Mentalist?
Identify movie with man waking up in a maze of machinery
Are unforgivable curses unblockable in Harry Potter?
Could the oracle really see the future or just predict choice based on human emotion?
Origin of Bubbles' monkey noise
Was "Big Lob" originally supposed to be a licensed sports personality?
Why does Annie say "Susan" after Abed proposes calling the group the "Stephen King's Dreamcatchers"?
Why is the Beatles music appropriate in American Beauty?
Why is Max known as "Mad Max" in the Mad Max Franchise?
How did Michael end up in that basement in Season 1?
Horror movie with teenagers in an abandoned asylum
Why was Tyrion not sold for a fortune as originally planned?
How useful are dragon glass arrow heads when fighting the white walkers in Game of Thrones?
Has an attempt ever been made to film The 3 Investigators series of books?
How did the media know the name of the robot?
White Walkers vs Army of the Dead
Does Dany get Infected?
Correlation of events in Red Lights
Black & White time travel movie that ends with a repeating time loop
In 'Paper Moon', is Addie the daughter of Moses?
Comparative Profitability of Genres in Movie History
Weak dragons, weak Unsullied
What happened to Bran and Hodor?
Thought process of Sons of the Harpy
You will never walk again, Bran... but you will fly
When did Joey become an idiot?
Please explain the black monster's interaction with Mr. Eko?
What happened to Agent Joseph Keenan at the end of Red State?
What happened with Yemi's corpse?
Why does Velkan Valerious become a slave to Dracula but Van Helsing doesn't?
How could the MiB change into this person?
Is there a canonical modern equivalent for David Attenborough?
Was Star Wars (intended to be) a children's movie franchise?
Why did "they" rely on cooper and his daughter to save themselves in Interstellar
Why did Dean and Cindy separate?
What happened to the kid?
What did Ava mean by "One.", when asked about her age?
How did Cutter know Angier's method?
Regarding Miranda Tate's reappearance in Wayne Tower
Is Dickie gay in The Talented Mr. Ripley?
Can dragons be controlled by White Walkers?
Movie, classic comedy about two girls, one of them becomes a ghost
About the pregnant woman in The Talented Mr.Ripley
Does Entourage ever make reference to it taking place in a specific year?
Why did Joey Gazelle choose this exit strategy at the end of Running Scared?
The Khan's impression of Marco's description of his desert
The Khan says "You men of God retreat, this boy advances..."
Was the superstition in Vikings historically accurate?
Why do people never turn off the car headlights when they stop the engine?
Why don't the Indominus Rex and the T-Rex communicate?
How do movie makers get people to watch a movie many times?
Did John Doe manage to complete his 'masterpiece' in Se7en?
What is the explanation to the ending of the Japanese movie Suicide Club?
Is there a deeper relation between Abraham's tale of sacrifice and The Hunted?
Ending of I Am Legend (2007)
End of The Matrix Revolutions
Everything about a very disturbing movie Martyrs (2008)
Why does Walter White wear the hat everytime when he acts like Heisenberg?
Why did Ultron want a flesh body?
How did Batman end up in Alfred's car
Who could be the Azor Ahai?
Why didn't T-Rex and Velociraptor attack each other?
How did Romilly survive 23 years on the Endurance?
Was Theon always loyal to Sansa?
Has Gomez' goatee something to do with Walter in season 4?
What does Oliver's joke in S01E14 about being trapped on an island with his only friend named Wilson mean?
What happened to the dinosaurs from Jurassic Park?
Are All Members of House Targaryen Impervious to Flames?
What does the maid mumble?
Why were they supposed to shoot the puppy?
Is HBO's Generation Kill a musical?
Why in "The Incredibles" is the usually-realistic gravity sometimes WAY too strong?
Why did Arya Stark lose her vision?
What happens to Omar Sy's character "Barry"?
What are the real world analogues to the religions from Game of Thrones?
Breaking Bad Confusion
Which song is playing on the radio in Wild (2014)?
Joey and Phoebe's 'Deal with Santa' Explanation
Reason and timing of specific characters death in s05e10?
Kung fu movie which ends by alien pierced on a pole and his blood is liquid metal?
What was Saruman's motivation in the Lord of the Rings trilogy?
What edition of Underworld has Rhona Mitra retconned into it?
Rachel-Ross "Europe Story" Doubt
Contradictions in Star Wars about advocating pacifism?
70s or 80s anime movie with robot mammoth
How could Captain Jack Sparrow die if he stole a crown from the island?
Is it really as easy to knock someone out in real life as in the movies?
An American TV series about human-like aliens
What deal does Finch make with H.R. In "Person of Interest"?
How far does Marlin travel to find Nemo?
Is Parallels supposed to be the pilot for an actual series?
Does American Beauty advocate Taoism?
Where is Elizabeth in the end of At World's End?
Who is making the Modern Family documentary?
Does the ending of Predestination cause a paradox, or does the loop stay closed?
Trying to find horror movie about portals
What is the website Mathilda is viewing in the first episode of Humans?
About Cooper's and Murphy's reunion in Interstellar
What does the symbol V stand for in the movie V for Vendetta?
How did they get The Indominus Rex DNA?
Against whose DNA does Cisco match?
Who does Patricia work for?
Time Travel & The Girl Who Leapt Through Time
What is Bob's and Marv's history?
Kal-el finding Kara's scoutship and the 18 thousand year gap between them
Was "Adam's Rib" advanced for its time?
Why did Mycroft give Sherlock's information to Jim Moriarity?
Was Once Upon A Time Season 4 pre or post OUAT Wonderland?
What are the construction rules for the 2015 BattleBots reboot?
Why does Netflix's "Marco Polo" have the reputation of being a flop?
Languages in Kill Bill 2 - on purpose?
Why the large gap in Indiana Jones movies?
How did Spielberg come to direct Ready Player One?
Is that a real baby?
From which play YouTube video of Al Pacino belongs to in Jack and Jill?
Does "to blathe" really mean "to bluff"?
Does the Night's Watch have an obligation to House Targaryen?
Why don't Wolverine's claws grow back with Adamantium?
Have any online-exclusive series won an Emmy?
Does the Film Drive Have a Cameo from the star of Maniac Cop
What is in the Pulp Fiction Briefcase?
How will online-exclusive media change the landscape of "traditional programming" recognition?
What are all the film references in 'Me and Earl and the Dying Girl'?
How are TV shows resurrected?
Are there any complete lists of made-for-tv Lifetime movies?
What is the name of this "character suddenly has expert knowledge" trope?
Who is the "Lee Kuan" mentioned in Star Trek TOS?
Why are spikes used in the movie Troy?
Are Stone Men suffering from greyscale?
When was the guests' evacuation in Jurassic World?
Why didn't Aragorn Let Theoden kill Grima?
Why didn't Cinderella's slippers disappear?
What is the Resolution of 35mm film?
Could someone confirm this filming location?
What movie or TV show had the first instance of heroes walking in slow motion?
How much does a staff writer make on a TV show?
Why is Talia willing to have extramarital sex?
Why are there so many Shark based monster movies these days?
What is "homegrown nana"
Was The Reverse Flash gay?
CBS, Capes and Pigeonholing?
Explanation of the ending of "It Follows"
Why so many British actors in American productions?
What was the recording order for How I Met Your Mother?
How does Walt deduce that he was the prime target of the Cousins?
Mad Max - salvation of the Citadel?
Why didn't Gazelle die when Merlin detonates the security chips?
Kingsman Taron Egerton swimming in the underwater scene
What was the name of the turn-into-by-touching character in "The Last Starfighter"?
Exactly what are the War Boys in Mad Max: Fury Road?
What happened to the Future Flash?
Magnolia Frog Rain
Harvey Dent black?
Is there an actual prop of the Monolith that was used in 2001?
Was "The Black Echo"'s diegetic existence merely a nod to the books or an element from the books?
Actual purpose of Neo
Walter White cutting crust off the bread
Hank and Gomez getting footage of robbery at warehouse
Why was Heisenberg addressed as the King on many posters and images?
How did Heisenberg know that Gustavo would himself come to kill Hector Salamanca?
Was the set of "The Shining" intentionally set on fire by Kubrick to eliminate prop re-usage?
Time taken assembling the meth cooking unit and again dismembering it in Breaking Bad
Does James Cameron work with/for NASA?
What legal measures do real persons/families/groups have to impose "prior restraint" on aspects of a film?
How much do 3D ticket prices affect gross revenue?
Music from old Tom & Jerry episode
Billy Bibbit's age in One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest?
Who was Dignam working for?
Batman vs the truck driver, please explain
Why does Tom not want to leave even if his son is dying?
Why does Dr Mann act so stupidly?
Was Gunda planned as a Trash movie?
Which of these two people killed this spy family?
How old was Renly Baratheon?
How did Patrick Moore come to be the GamesMaster?
Why were mouse holes often represented in cartoons and movies like this?
Johnny Ola's cut finger in The Godfather 2 - accident or what?
Did the same dog play Einstein in Back to the Future I and II?
How did Tom Cruise do that plane stunt in Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation?
Who was cast for the role of Bill Gates?
How did Cypher jack into The Matrix without an operator?
Does The 100 have a relationship to/with Battlestar Galactica?
Who is the Ice King, really?
How is a series like Breaking Bad secured in case of any issues with actors?
Battlestar galatica movies and series watch order
How do the writers of a show make so many incredible hidden references across episodes and seasons of a show like Arrested Development?
What was the official purpose of the fuel pod hauled by Furiosa in Mad Max: Fury Road?
Do Rotten Tomatoes scores often predict a movie's box office success (or lack thereof)?
Why do the samurai make the suicide charge in The Last Samurai?
Who sends Pops back in time in Terminator Genisys?
Where do the T-1000 machines come from in Terminator Genisys
How did the booby trap work in Full Metal Jacket?
How does Skynet get created in Terminator Genisys?
Can someone explain to me the "I'll regroup at Red Lobster" joke in The Simpsons?
Was the absence of black people in Jacques Tati's Play Time normal at that time and just a reflection on social norms of Paris?
What is Mrs Healy drawing on the wall?
What kind of glasses is Ronnie Kray wearing?
How does the coffee machine work?
What do they use in place of actual marijuana plants?
From which year do T-101 and T-1000 come from?
Do IMAX screens in America play non-IMAX movies?
What was the original ending in "Vámonos con Pancho Villa"?
What is this vehicle during the filming of the bus flip in Terminator Genisys
Can White Walkers raise the giants from dead and convert into wights (army of dead)?
Who makes the arrows in TV show Arrow?
What did Catelyn Tully see on Roose Bolton's hand before she slapped him
What is the term for the colour scheme/effect in e.g. Supernatural
What is meant by "Who killed the world?"
How did 7 years pass?
The T-1000 doesn't have flesh, so how can it time-travel?
Movie with a character illustrating that the inevitable happens no matter what by dropping a ball down a slope
What inspired the vacuum tube train near the end?
Star trek episode with Mr. Spock holding an "exotic animal"
Will Sarah Connor still die of Leukemia?
Why did Emily's mother become angry on Jason's reply?
Is the Los Pollos Hermanos eatery a real place or a movie set?
Who invented the app "Iris" in a Dutch movie called "App"?
From which years are the Terminators sent back?
Why is the TV show titled "Game of Thrones" and not "A Song of Ice and Fire?"
Does Liam Neeson give voiceover for Batman in Batman Begins?
Why are the Na'vi in Avatar blue in color?
Why did the T-Rex help Claire?
How does Sarah Jane meet the Doctor?
Is Inspector Spacetime a reference to a series that really exists?
What really happened to Dr John Woods?
Who sent that letter from the hand of the king (signed Robert Baratheon) to Ser Barristan Selmy
How loyal has Cronenberg been to the William S. Burroughs book Naked Lunch?
What are Cleo and her father doing in the pool in 'Somewhere'?
Why were movies in the past produced at a faster pace than modern movies?
Were old TV shows routinely sped up for some reason?
Sherlock - Searching inside a "C" Drive for Quest Search?
Why didn't Richard Kimble get shot?
Why does Myrcella Baratheon live in Dorne?
Why adding "in colour" when referring to "Wizard of Oz"?
Movie about a girl with photographic memory
Duration of day and night on Pandora
Why do we see Tesla "inventing" the machine in "The Prestige"?
Why does Michael Corleone need a bodyguard to translate for him when he first met Apollonia's father?
Why is the Satellite of Love shaped like a bone?
Why is classic IMAX not digital?
Which characters in Game Of Thrones have a Valyrian Steel sword?
Why did Luke not let the man on the street enter into the car in 'Vanishing on 7th Street'?
Why didn't the Indominus Rex eat or kill the Velociraptors?
Was Aydın really that bad?
How did Leonard manage to distort his memory of Sammy Jankis?
How do TV shows earn money and how to find the stats about it?
How did the giant travel across the sea to Castle Black?
Why is Stanley Kubrick classed as one of the greatest directors?
Who invented time travel in Terminator Genisys?
Why didn't Saito kill himself when he was stuck in limbo?
Why would Claire Underwood leave Frank?
How technically accurate is TV series Mr. Robot?
Why didn't Mal use her totem (spinning top) before she actually died?
Can a person die of starvation in an Inception-like dream?
Have the Arrow writers fully planned out Oliver's 5 years away?
Who tips Hank off about his imminent assassination by The Cousins?
Lyle's vocal delivery
How did Deathbolt (Arrow/The Flash) become a meta-human?
Explanation about Hank Schrader's character as a brave law enforcement officer
Can White Walkers talk?
Are White Walkers Immortals?
Why didn't Aragorn go to Gondor for getting help for Rohan?
Do they ever really wake up from the sedative test?
Why are the assistants called Bobs (Bawbs?) on Cutthroat Kitchen?
Why was Don Draper self-destructive?
Once Upon A Time In America denoumente
How did Cobb and Mal commit suicide while young in limbo if they lived decades there?
Explanation for A Tale of Two Sisters?
What happened to Rocky in The Lazarus Effect?
What did Ned forbid?
Why did Lord Cutler Beckett not give the order to fire/attack?
Why did Jafar get Jasmine to believe him in Disney's Aladdin?
Why is Aladdin's Genie not more clever?
Has there been a movie produced without a title sequence?
Why does Arby ask Jessica Hyde, "Where is Jessica Hyde?"
Why does Captain Jack Sparrow return to the Black Pearl when attacked by the Kraken?
First ever Hollywood Color motion picture film?
Why was Butch's taxi ride background black and white?
Disney's Recess Whistles
Why does Lone man say "I'm among no one"?
What does 'Hi there! / Dear John' mean?
Why did the boy call 911?
Why did Syrio Forel choose his wooden sword over a metal one?
Why will Dorothy miss Scarecrow the most of all?
Why did Ted not sue the maker of "The Wedding Bride"?
What happened to Marshall and Lily's bet?
"Jumanji" and "Zathura" series
Why is a bright reindeer shown when Harry Potter was saving himself and Sirius Black from the Dementors?
What happened to Marshall and Lily's trip to Rome?
How did Rick Grimes "change" throughout The Walking Dead series?
What are Melfi's sugar substitutes?
Why did Voldemort have to kill Harry Potter's parents?
Why doesn't Wayward Pines wait a more couple of thousands of years?
Was there any further relevance to the triceratops' disease?
Why and how was Tom Riddle converted into Lord Voldemort?
Movie about man who kills two rival mob bosses to avenge his family
Ending of It Follows 2014
Why were the med beds from Elysium absent on Earth?
How did the detectives know where to arrive in Murder by Death?
Showing journey on the map
Who's the negotiator in The Negotiator?
How did Lord Voldemort die even though Harry Potter survived?
Why do criminals whistle after doing something?
Significance of the air dancers in Nightcrawler
Was Louis Bloom a meth head in Nightcrawler?
Why don't Marty's memories change?
Is "Absolutely Anything" a remake?
Why was there no female minion?
Where does The Undertaker hide?
Is the witch in "The Witch" (2015) real?
Why can't Guy Pearce travel forward in time with his fiance in the movie Time Machine?
Dance and costume scenes in 'The Act of Killing'
movie about a baby that drinks blood
Within the world of Jurassic Park, how much does it cost to create a dinosaur?
Reference to ruined pizza in 'Inside Out'
Is the Keeper of the Code (Jack Sparrow's father) immortal?
Both young and old Donnie Smith lives in the same timeline?
Why did Jamal kill this person?
Looking for the title of a horror movie
Was the “Superman” show that was shown in Cuba in “Godfather II” a real show?
Movie about two snipers hunting each other
If "Steel Mountain" in Mr. Robot is underground, how does that offer the implied vulnerability?
History of the World Pt. 2
Where do Stormtroopers come from?
How did a signal turn the ship around?
Ant-Man, shrinking, and weight
Why do toys in Toy Story absolutely want to avoid interacting with humans?
Does Better Call Saul contain Breaking Bad spoilers?
What video game are the ninjas from?
Why did Kattappa kill Baahubali?
Why did O'Brien leave Downton Abbey?
Why did everyone keep saying to Harry that his eyes are like Lily's?
Where is Jasmeet born, in London or India?
Are these dialogues in `Anjaana Anjaani` are tribute to `Sangam`
Why are not all IMAX theaters domed?
How does Elliott start feeling/behaving like E.T.?
Age difference between Barry Allen and Eobard Thwane
Why are all the normal Minions yellow in color?
How come the Omega remains dead after time is reset at end of Edge of Tomorrow?
Has Source Code made Sean's life miserable?
Why do film studios not release certain old movies?
Why was a Smurf at the final battle if no Smurf arcade game exists?
Does Saul Goodman know Hank Schrader is a DEA agent when he comes to meet Badger at APD interrogation room?
How did Sonny buy the hotel?
Stranded writer has his leg hobbled by a woman
How can there be mildew on time-frozen Jerry?
How long did it take the infected to starve in 28 Days Later?
How did the first loop begin in Triangle?
Why did Django push for the slave to be eaten by the dogs?
Why the bin bag in Silver Linings Playbook?
Explanation of the ending of Easy Rider
What was the purpose behind the metal object Forest Whitaker rubbed on Jake Gyllenhaal's face in Southpaw?
Eva / Ava AI movies coincidence?
Is E Corp from Mr. Robot a reference to a real company?
Do I need to watch Once Upon a Time in Wonderland to understand Once Upon a Time?
Why is Cinderella called Ella in "Once Upon a Time"?
Is Mr. Robot in Elliot's head?
Lady in the Lake 1947 (Mirror Scene)
Why is Hugh Jackman not going to continue to portray Wolverine?
What is the nationality of Felonious Gru?
Why didn't Tyrion confront Littlefinger for telling Catelyn that the knife belongs to him?
Why 28 and not any other number?
Does Captain Jack Sparrow die and get reborn after he enters the Kraken?
Ash in Alien cannot lie to humans, Yes?
Why did Kattappa kill Baahubali
How did Ant-Man manage to get big again?
Whiskey in US movies out of plain glass decanters. A movie or culture thing?
Why doesn't Agent 33 take off her mask in Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. season 2?
Why is A Clockwork Orange considered great?
Do actors actually carry actresses?
Was the explanation of the Back to the Future 2 timeline correct?
Why is Los Angeles targeted for destruction so often in Hollywood movies?
Why were witnesses to the initial assassination in “The Parallax View” (1974) systematically killed?
Question about Jim and Claire's relationship
Why didn't Harry Potter turn in Lucius Malfoy?
What was the reason for Terry Markwells departure from Mission: Impossible?
Why are two of Riley's five emotions in Inside Out male?
What does Phoebe mean when she says "I bet they're doing it"
What is the pink thing on the Sherman tank?
Sci-fi space movie, with destroyed Earth (appeared purple-ish with alien-like features)
Are any of Peter Parker's early costume designs allusions to the comic books?
Why does Spider-Man (Sam Raimi version) not start out his career wanted for murder?
Term for a movie that tells a lot through its backdrop?
What are the basics of Kilikki, the language of Kalkeyas?
Are there union rules requiring stunt performers, and what does this mean for action stars who "do their own stunts"?
Why were there so many guest appearances in this Malcolm in the Middle two-parter?
Are there any connections between USA's Mr. Robot and Channel 4's Utopia?
About the events in Morocco?
Is The Common Man's identity hinted in the movie A Wednesday?
When is Everybody Loves Raymond taking place?
What is the approximate age of Captain Jack Sparrow?
Why is Joy intact while Bing Bong fades away?
Which movie? WWII Prisioner makes surprising chess move
Was Birdemic intended to be a bad movie?
How did Richard and Erlich meet?
Young black girl shot at basketball-court, leg twitch
Weapon results in "The Transporter"
Question about space station physics in Interstellar
Explanation for Gordon and Vallens in the final scene
Is Professor X dead or alive
How did Gandalf survive the fall in the cavern in "Lord of the Rings - The Fellowship of the Ring" and reincarnated as "Gandalf the White"?
Where is the Fall located in the Colony in Total Recall (2012)?
What was the question and answer of the exam?
Ending explanation for the last episode of "Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Summer Camp"
Wet Hot American Summer movie and TV show question
Horror/thriller about a house which consists of rooms from other flats/houses in each of which happened deaths
How many people did the killer actually kill in the 1st season of True Detective
Are there complete rankings for current TV shows in North America?
Is there some additional Information about the killer couple in The Raid 2?
Did Donnie Brasco really know the diamond was fake?
What substance does The Jackal spray onto the door handle?
Question about Final Scenes in Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation
Why did Skyler stop being angry at Walt in season 2?
Why do Minions want to serve vicious villains?
Why did Peter Jackson and Cate Blanchett take small uncredited roles in Hot Fuzz?
Why does Mission: Impossible sometimes use a shorter intro?
Woodrugh's way of holding a gun is taken from where?
Digital makeup for Mystique
What is the nature of the relationship between Augustus Steranko & Ilsa Grunt?
Is it common for kings to use their mother's house in titles?
How old is the Dude?
Movie about young teenage boy having an affair with the maid
Why was Victor not with Wolverine in Hiroshima?
Were the Gotham Rogue football team real football players?
Why were the Germans drinking their own pee?
Why didn't the Germans attack?
Was John Christie supposed to return for a later Mission: Impossible episode?
Why was the code cracking device needed in S02E10?
Similarities between "The Equalizer" and "Hitman: Absolution"
What is the first instance of the "Saving humans from themselves" trope
What is the meaning of the term "Kamakrazee" in the movie Mad Max:Fury Road?
Did Ilsa Faust lie?
What was Gustavo (Gus) Fring's back story?
Other than Arnold Schwarzenegger, was anyone from T1 and T2 involved in making Genisys?
Animated apocalyptic sci-fi movie from the 70's or early 80's
What is the inspiration for Trial by Combat?
Question about spiders in Arachnophobia
Question about historical figures and timeline in "Ever After: A Cinderella Story"
Is Kattappa bound to serve whoever sits on Throne even usurpers and forceful conqueror?
Is there any information if Deadpool will break the fourth wall in the 2016 film?
Why did House ask for Ketamine?
How are the cameras set up on So You Think You Can Dance?
Identify tongue in cheek movie with exploding heart punch/technique
What was the story of 12 monkeys really about?
Why does Lily remove her panties in Black Swan?
Have the materials of Benji's opera program been published?
Why did Ilsa Faust wait for high pitch?
Movie about stories of different Asian women
Who sent Ilsa Faust out in the field, and why?
How much is Ethan Hunt paid for his job
What was Brad Pitt's character's motivation to not take cover in Fury?
Movie set in or near China about a boy and his family's forced relocation
What would have happened if Maj. William Cage had obeyed General Brigham's order?
Which Manchester team's jersey did Jimmy's dad send him?
Rock Star comparisons to Judas Priest
What does "dig for diamonds" mean?
Why is there no cut in Philip's hand?
How did the "smokers" have all of those cigarettes in Waterworld?
Does Claire Underwood want to be president
Another copy of Dr. Marbury's journal
Did Captain Dudley Smith kill Lieutenant Edmund Exley's father?
The Anti-Christ in the Name of the Rose
How can Chae Young-Shin Drive at the end of Healer
Mysterious Short Hostile Phone Conversation in Training Day
Was the development of Lockout influenced by Escape from New York?
In Suits why does it matter that Mike hasn't gone to Harvard?
What killed Jenny?
Does Mike Ehrmantraut ever kill an unarmed man?
Who is heir for Robert and Stannis now?
Japanese films/TV adaptations of the Taiping Rebellion?
Checking the Girl's Teeth
Why did Jesse Pinkman leave Walter White?
Why does the Hulk always move away from the town in every movie?
Did Arya really see that the Thin Man was a wrongdoer?
Buñuel and Dalí
How was Michael Douglas' apparent facelift achieved in "Behind the Candelabra"?
Why did Walt have to teach high school chemistry?
Was the Connie/Donna transformation part of Arctor's hallucination?
About Borden's relation to Fallon
How did Walt know where Lydia was going to sit?
How did Klink ever become a colonel?
Why is Howard Wolowitz' mother not shown in The Big Bang Theory?
What did Gregory House see when he electrocuted himself?
What type of creatures are the young ladies of Mrs. Poole?
How old is Ned Flanders' Grandmother?
Looking for the name of a science fiction/horror movie or possibly series where a girl is slid head first down a narrowing tube
NCIS McGee is he theater, or actual geek?
What are the maths problems shown in Good Will Hunting?
Does Bryan Mills just make a massively lucky guess that Marko's gang had an arrangement with the authorities?
How did Ronan the Accuser become so powerful?
Was Father Mulcahy a Jesuit?
One scene - Lithuanian guy, window cleaner remotely deleting files on computer
What happened to the gladiators that survived in the final battle in the final episode of Spartacus?
Why does Tony Montana hate Colombians?
What is Neil Patrick Harris drinking?
With whom is Felicity Smoak in love, exactly?
How are Michonnes Zombies made?
Was Raj playboy or after every girl before meeting Simran
How does Myrcella Baratheon know who her father is?
How come PK/Alien realizes that Sarfaraz did not write the letter?
Why is Mrs Bale so fascinated by the forecast of the English Channel?
Why is an army of White Walkers afraid of the water?
What exactly was the "dirt" on Daniels in The Wire?
On the Jeeves and Wooster TV show does Wooster say “Don’t you know?” much like the character does in the P.G. Wodehouse books?
What does the letter say in the opening credits?
Why does Ser Mandon attack?
Can someone explain how Ultron feels pain in this particular scene?
Is Latika from "Slumdog Millionaire" Muslim?
What is the meaning of text on Jesse's shoes in S03E12 in Breaking Bad?
What did Dylan mean by "we were in agreement"?
What's that “Sun’s getting real low…” lullaby thing to calm down the Hulk?
Paul Walker body doubles in Fast & Furious 7
Who provided voice for Paul Walker in Fast & Furious 7?
Where is Rickon Stark?
If Scarlet Witch of MCU has the ability to fly, why didn't she attempt to fly earlier?
Why was the sound of an off-screen gunshot removed from a critical scene in a Magnum P.I. episode?
Movie with a man who lives in the wall and a home invasion
Why does Walt refuse to ask his mother for money, or even tell her he has cancer?
What do we know about fighting skill of Wights
Why does Harvey Specter tell Donna that finding an allegedly buried document will help the case?
Avengers: Age of Ultron - "Sokovia" filming location?
Why does Ugarte trust Rick with the exit visas?
Why is Kathryn's dog's name Ajax?
Why was Christopher Walken not credited in Sleepy Hollow?
What happened to Gendry?
Does Sheldon Cooper really care about Leonard Hofstadter?
Why do people tap the back of cameras during filming?
Which version of 101 Dalmatians is canon to Once Upon a Time?
Rookie Cut - Which movie?
How did Cruella de Vil and Ursula not age a bit?
Why does cat point to the answer/safety/salvation in the Silence of the Lambs?
Who is Silas Ramsbottom based on?
What was it Lex Luthor wanted Lois to say?
Showtime series "The Tudors" casting question
Who is the devil in 'I Saw the Devil'?
Did Pocahontas quote Greek philosophy?
How did Veronica get from Earth's orbit to Johannesburg in a matter of seconds?
Does Hulk care for Bruce Banner
Why did Walter White refuse to help in S02E12?
Is there any story link between Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz, and The World's End?
Why did Bran Stark start having weird dreams?
sci-fi movie from 2010+, probably a blockbuster - involving mutants
Where's the body?
Do we ever find out what happened when Gary Parsons hit a woman with his car?
Did Joffrey believe that he is not the true-born son or heir, but a bastard?
What's the meaning behind Howard's alien pin?
Why did Jesse Pinkman end the 3rd season this way?
What is the significance of the number 12 in the MCU?
How did Gale Boetticher end up working for Gus?
Deeper meaning to Hank's affection with minerals
What does ending of "Dexter" imply?
Confused About Translators' Philosophy When They Create Subtitles And Dubbing For Movies
Why is Dorne culturally so different from the rest of Westeros?
How did Korath know that Quill had taken the Infinity stone?
Why did Ramsay Bolton transform Theon Greyjoy to Reek?
TV news-station, San Diego, late 1970s, reporting news vs. selling sensation
Method acting - characters from different time periods
What happened to Edmure Tully after the Red Wedding?
The meaning of the Dexter lock in the series Dexter
Why aren't episode titles put on the screen?
Why did Hector kill Gustavo's partner?
Who exactly was Don Eladio within cartel?
Why do people repeatedly hit the phone hook switch when disconnected?
What exactly happened between Walt and Gretchen?
A show about a woman released from prison who works in a hotel
Why did Walt take a second job at the A1A Car Wash?
In the movie Rollerball (1975), why didn't Jonathan quit?
What does the painting in the hospital hall in Kill Bill mean?
Does Uncle Ben know Peter Parker is Spider-Man? If not, why would he suggest Peter has any "GREAT power?"
Identify a 90s show about ruthless careerist
Is it possible to have non-metallic electronics?
Lawrence of Arabia: women on the cliffs
High Moon (The Lotus Caves) Floating Eyeballs
Why didn't Fornell recognize Gibbs in "Yankee White"?
Why did Tyler Durden in Fight club want to get his testicles cut?
Why did Elliot return to fsociety in the third episode of Mr. Robot?
How are Streets of Fire's end credits structured so unusually (or are they)?
What is Fight-Club's main character's real name?
What happened to the Shadow son of Stannis after killing Renly?
How did Michael "Mike" Ehrmantraut end up working with Gus?
Why is Rocket Raccoon obsessed with artificial body parts?
What is meant by "I had to invent new rules"?
What is the meaning of "Fifty Shades of Grey"?
Is Hannibal's last will to eat himself?
What exactly did the mother tell to her daughter in The Purge: Anarchy?
Why was Joaquin Phoenix once credited as Leaf Phoenix early in his career?
About the "whacking" scenes in Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas
What would be the opposite of a MacGuffin?
Ending scene of The Darjeeling Limited
How did Sylar take the powers of other evolved humans?
Any indication that Gustavo Fring might have had a family of his own?
Why did Mike Ehrmantraut give up his life so easy?
How does Neo know about the matrix before being removed from the dream world?
Buñuel's movies in languages other than Spanish or French
Does Ethan Hunt rely on luck and chance?
Why hasn't the elevator been fixed?
Why is Walt obsessed with Jesse?
How did LeChiffre know the tracker was in Bond's arm?
Was Terra Nova too expensive to be renewed?
How realistic was Gus Fring's demise scene?
Why is Walter White such an effective negotiator?
Did Walter have intentions of staying alive after he started making millions?
How come Ser Loras can declare Sandor Clegane winner of the tourney
Why is Drogon free and his brothers Viserion and Rhaegal chained?
Why did the Hound save Ser Loras from Mountain?
What is the meaning of the toy eye that Walter keeps?
How realistic was the air traffic control mistake by Jane's father?
Does Jesse go to jail?
Is it really possible to produce 99.9% crystal meth?
How did they do the sea floor in Exodus: Gods and Kings?
How did Van Helsing not turn into a vampire in the movie Dracula 2000?
Positive outcomes of Walter's actions
What does "being relieved of ammo for sidearm" suggest in this scene?
What is the prop meth made of?
How does Walter know that Gus is the guy he was supposed to meet at the restaurant?
What did Victor do to Reed Richards during the final confrontation?
In Wild Wild West, what kills "Metal Head"?
What is the connection with James Woods?
Do participants get time to think about their meal?
Why were the protagonists the enemies during the Pac-Man game in Pixels?
Why are there posters of the film inside Micmacs à Tire-Larigot?
What is the story behind Lady Melisandre?
Why was the Ghostface mask changed in the TV series?
How is Gideon able to capture people of Gravity Falls in appropriate camera angles?
Paradox in Back to the future II?
Where did the Elves go after the Helm's deep battle in LOTR?
Did Shosanna make her dress out of a Nazi banner?
Why didn't Gus tell Jesse his plan for the trip to Mexico?
What made Bronach and Ben sad?
Why does Homer say The Who used to be named The Hillbilly Bugger Boys?
What happened to Robert Englund?
Will there be a sequel to "Ex Machina"?
Why didn't Loki realize he is touching the arc reactor?
Why couldn't Hermione just hand over Bellatrix Lestrange's wand at Gringot's?
Did John steal Primo's kilo in Five Star?
Why is Sheldon Cooper so bad at driving?
Why did Jesse completely change when Walt gave him his $5 million in season 5?
Why radio station KBHR in Northern Exposure is pronounced K-Bear
What's the significance of these characters towards the end of Enchanted?
Why does Margot Robbie wash Chiwetel Ejiofor in Z for Zachariah?
In Bollywood, do they play the song while shooting?
Why is Penny less concerned about the "check engine" light?
What does the word 'schlanger' mean in Max Max: Fury Road?
Will there ever be a second season of Firefly even after such a long hiatus?
Does this room exist in the Simpsons' house?
Why does Barristan the Bold accept the pardon from Robert Barratheon?
Have people forgotten about Hannibal Lecter between Hannibal Rising and Red Dragon?
Looking for connections between Mr. Robot and Fight Club
Was Walter going to kill Jesse?
How was Howard allowed in space after crashing the Mars rover?
Why did Cigarette Smoking Man lie about ever having killed another human being?
Is there any evidence to clarify Jon Snow's fate?
Why was a 1967 Impala chosen as Dean Winchester's car in Supernatural?
Why did Mike Wazowski get banned from Monster University?
An unnecessarily complicated murder plan
In the classic series of Doctor Who, did the UNIT HQ building have a name?
What does Travis Bickle's changed hairstyle represent in Taxi Driver?
Meaning of Billy Hope's Tattoo
What subject is partial to post-war British painters?
How does Vincent save his brother if he never saved anything for the swim back?
Why was The Big Bang Theory given that name?
Where are the Simpsons from?
1970/80s Jules Verne-inspired bizarre underwater city / submarine abduction
Why Did Colbert Do "Only In Monroe"
Movie about a photographer who takes pictures of weddings (or birthdays) and murders, who falls in love with a girl in his building
Was it arranged?
What lead to the fights between Iron Man and Captain America in Captain America: Civil War?
How can the Simpsons afford such a nice house?
Movie about idyllic town being "generated" by a person, sinkholes appear when she's not concentrating
Was Ms. Overkill planning to trap minions in the first place?
Looking for the title of an epic movie
What did Daniel Plainview whisper?
Ripple effect in Back to the Future saga
How does Vision lift Thor's hammer in Avengers: Age of Ultron?
What was this TV movie featuring Peter Ustinov and a space ship?
How did Jaqen H'ghar end up in the dungeons of King's Landing?
What does Johnny's father write about?
What is the meaning of the letter A?
Does the Chinese song have any further relevance?
How many mailgirls were there on Monstervision?
What is the significance of the blue French horn in How I Met Your Mother?
Movie about a group of people waking up in a room, knowing that one or more of them are killers which must be eliminated
Was the reason for Reed Richard's (and Sue Storm's) powers explained?
Elliott's drug addiction in Mr. Robot
Why did Arrow play homage to Blue sky?
What does "A View to a Kill" mean?
Why did Tony Stark design the Hulkbuster armor?
Why does Agent Smith call the Oracle mom?
What does the Architect's condescending "please" imply?
When the Architect says Zion is dead, how is that true?
Was this an intentional reference to 'To the Manor Born'?
What movie are Dean Corso and Liana Telfer referring to in his apartment?
Scene from Taxi Teheran staged?
Who is Rigoletto in Marvel's Daredevil?
What is happening in the Black Mirror episode "White Bear" (S02E02)?
The Italian from Leverage
Is the Orange Is The New Black lay-down alarm real?
What is Mr. Bean suffering from?
Why does the Underworld team release their movies exactly with 3 years gaps?
Is there any evidence that Doc Brown in Back To the Future has a degree?
What were the last set of flashes of memory about?
Was Mulder's abduction planned from the beginning of the series?
Who is the man from U.N.C.L.E.?
Olivia Godfrey's reflection in the mirror
People wake on spaceship, computer lies to each person, he/she was the only survivor
90s non-English spoken Demonology film from Europe; black mist, girl in a tub and guy at the library
"Smile because it confuses people..." - when is this said by the Joker?
What happened to Tyrell Wellick?
Are body doubles ever listed in movie credits?
Does Noodles naively ignore the reality about Max's betrayal?
How does Bird-Person not know what humans eat?
First movie remake of an original motion picture
Were Landa and Hellstrom lovers?
How did they film the flat spin in Top Gun?
Shouldn't the crew be in freefall while the ship is descending to earth?
Does Magnussen have any disorders?
How did they film the bridge scene in Sorcerer?
What is the meaning of the symbols on the Arrowhead in the season 3 intro?
Original Cooties ending
What is the full phrase painted over on the ground and its purpose?
How come characters use such words?
What is the reason behind Benjen Stark joining Night's Watch?
Is there a reason behind the "wrong" German localizations of English movies/TV shows
Why use foreign accents in English language movies when unnecessary?
Why didn't Jeetu and Yogi just lodge an FIR against the hacker?
What would be the MBTI personality type of Sheldon Cooper?
Why didn't the woman just order "egg, sausage and bacon"?
Did Archer Vice happen because of ISIS/ISIL?
Is there a sequel to Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (2005)?
What is the significance of the "fly scene"?
What is implied by the struggle in the examination at the end of Infini?
Hollywood movie with a girl who stays with her family after her murder
Why was Jason chosen over his mother to be the villain?
Web premieres to fight piracy?
Why did Brian Halloran go to the FBI in Black Mass?
The future of "Almost Human"?
Why are some episodes of Adventure Time worse than others in terms of animation?
Why did Thor electrocute the "cradle" containing Vision?
What is Arthur's specialty?
Questions about skiing scene in "On her majesty's secret service"
Where does the automated/automatic come from in ADR?
How does Victoria get convicted if Emily is still deemed a nutjob?
How long were John and Jane together for in Predestination?
Why did Vera kill this character?
Horror movie from the 90s with a kangaroo hunter and a chemical agent
Subtitling vs. dubbing and vice versa
How/why did Tomorrowland depopulate?
Comedy spy movie (probably with Leslie Nielsen)
How did Dr. Evil build his moonbase without anyone knowing about it?
How did the clock in the crocodile's stomach keep running all this time?
Are there any sequel movies based on true story?
Did Anna Camp have any speaking lines in Pitch Perfect 2?
Which characters were at the wedding in Rocky Horror?
Why does the movie Pawn Sacrifice claim that game 6 was the greatest game of chess ever played?
Why and how did Cooper suspect that Amelia Brand had intimate feelings for Wolf Edmunds in Interstellar?
What does Costello's drawing symbolize?
Is the list of mishaps which happened to Archer in S4E9 correct?
Why did Chico go to Calvera's camp?
The events leading up to the Indominus Rex's escape
How is John Connor alive if Kyle and Sarah didn't get together in 1984?
Why would Pops help build Cyberdine instead of just destroy it?
How does Pops survive?
Why was Roger Ebert considered one of the greatest film critics?
How did the Four Horsemen rob the French bank?
Is Clarke bisexual?
Why did Luke Collins choose The Portrait of Ruth?
Why are there such big gaps between Sherlock seasons?
How did Charley Varrick know to hide?
Who does the work in the post-apocalypse society in Kingsman: The Secret Service?
Why are soap operas called as such?
Technique where the outline of real actors and objects is replaced by superimposed animation?
Meaning of a dialogue from the movie 'Kingdom of Heaven'
Jodorowsky's Dune artbook
What does Leonard Hofstadter do at Caltech?
Why did Ava Paige make this decision?
Why was Sokka not caught in the Episode of Boiling Rock in Avatar: The Last Airbender?
Why it is called "Jurassic Park" instead of "Jurassic zoo"?
Why is Mayor Quimby still mayor?
Is there a real life inspiration behind Dexter?
Why there is no genre name for sad or crying movies?
How could they survive and move that easily on Miller's planet if the gravity field is so powerful?
Is 8th mile about Eminem himself?
Significance of the dirty joke at the end of Kingsman
Was CGI used to make Will Smith look different in the movie Concussion?
How did NASA figure out Mark was still alive?
Was regeneration planned right from the start of Doctor Who?
In Peep Show, why doesn't Jeremy just go on the dole?
Why did Walt still appear handicapped from Hal's perspective after Hal's hypnotherapy?
The Last Slumber Party logistic quandry
Why was Mr. Smithers black and then white?
How is Bucky even alive?
Was Inspector Highland the inside man?
Starting to film before screenplay is completed
How was Professor Xavier resurrected
Whose bodies were taken out of Walter's house?
Who made this Ant-Man promotional material?
What's the message of the movie Take Shelter?
Horror movie with party pranks that turn real
Extra oxygen from breathing when lighting up the hydrazine?
Old movie about a lavish woman clashing with a town doctor
Mystery thriller movie in which antagonist tries to kill a busload of brain damaged children to get transplant for his/her own kid
Why did Kyle and Sarah go to 2017?
What actually happens between House and Stacy Warner that she left House in House MD?
Motivations for killing Rayna Boyanov in Spy (2015)?
Where do they get the power for drilling?
How did Cooper send a formula through the watch as Morse code in Interstellar?
First appearance of a predominately black cast in a TV show
What new scenes were added to The Iron Giant: Signature Edition?
Why were there so many repeat performances in Columbo?
Did Adam have a chance to live?
The movie "Shogun" 10 hr DVD vs 2 hr VHS
Where did Mark Watney get the escape pod in The Martian?
How come the ship in Triangle is empty?
Were Borat's interactions with the public staged?
What is the significance of Dick Van Dyke playing both Mr Dawes and Bert?
Was McMurphy a WW2 vet?
Does Rita find out about Dexter at the end?
Why did Minho risk his life to save Alby?
Explanation of the ending of Unfriended
Does Mad Max: Fury Road take place in dystopian Australia?
How detrimental was the initial hull breach by the shipping container for the boat's ultimate fate?
Why is Jack Bauer always right, above the law and free to do what he desires, but no one else is?
Old sci-fi film with submarine like Vehicle
Why couldnt the crew land on mars to pick Mark Watney up?
Who killed Ra's Al Ghul first, Batman or Arrow?
Can you use a certain song in a trailer, that has been used in a different movie-trailer as well?
How is Bucky resurrected after death?
Where was the rest of the Factions during the assassinations
Help identify sci-fi movie
What happens to the crew in The Lost World: Jurassic Park?
Why did Joy give Sadness the core memories?
Why does Neo look so unnaturally slim in Matrix Reloaded and Matrix Revolutions?
How realistic is the scene where Robocop bends barrel of a gun being held by a man?
Was Jesse a true drug addict?
Why is there a switch inside the incinerator?
What did collapsing islands signify in "Inside Out"?
Was Barbara Kean always intended to be like this?
Highest number of collabrations between an actor and a director
Did Bane really crush Batman's skull?
Is there any purpose to the short fade to white?
What servers does Samaritan run on?
Why didn't Lily James dye her eyebrows to match her hair?
If most humans tend to be eaten before being turned into zombies, how are most of zombies intact?
Why did the inspector tell the book writer he should not have moved from the haunted home?
Last video in "Me and Earl and the Dying Girl"
Who brought balance to the force?
Is the movie I Origins based on a true story?
How did a mere 13 dwarves turn the tide of the battle?
How did they survive the way back?
Could the Chief really have been able to throw the fountain out the window?
What is the problem with a planet where everything is "on a cob"?
In "Gone Girl", is there a significance to Amy's repeated head injuries?
A movie with a cheating time-traveling man
Inside Out: what is "non-objective fragmentation"?
What's the meaning of this conversation between Jack and Barbossa?
How did the Doctor return to the present?
Are there real posts as consultants in detective departments like shown in TV shows in America?
Looking for this movie involving treasure
Baby at the end True Detective season 2
Why wasn't Sid surprised when he pulled a cowboy out of the claw machine?
What is the world's first movie?
Is Mister Bull actually a father?
Why would being US Navy prepare someone to be a great velociraptor trainer?
Why does T-1000 try to force Sarah Connor to call her son?
Did Mike and Sully meet in 4th grade?
Who shot Bill Cutting 'The Butcher' in the theater?
When did shows start repeating the last few seconds/minutes after commercials?
Why did Kryptonians use silver fluid gizmos instead of holograms?
Why did Superman have a reversed symbol in some episodes of "Superman: The Animated Series"?
Episode(s) of The Simpsons without all 5 Simpsons?
Why no weapons aboard ship?
How many people has Jim killed in Under the Dome?
What is the significance of the Frasier episode title 'Agents in America part III'?
Vocalist in "Edward & Mrs. Simpson"
Is Léa Seydoux the first person to be in both Mission: Impossible and a Bond film?
In the beginning of San Andreas during the rescue of Natalie, why did they fly the helicopter into the crevice?
What was Louis's dark gift in Interview with The Vampire?
What is the significance of the birds in several scenes?
How does the "Sandy Claws" mixup happen in "Nightmare Before Christmas"?
What is the first occurence of pre-show (cinema advertising) in the world?
Was Monica Gellar a bad cook?
What is the meaning of this conversation between Daenerys and Khal Drogo?
Did Jack and his crew come because they realised that the coordinates Walt gave probably pointed to money?
Early 90's short film made up entirely of "bullet time" camera work
Why were the MAVs sent so far in advance of missions?
Why does the priest have a full bottle of wine in The Sopranos S01E05?
"Escobar: Paradise Lost": who died?
Public address announcements in OITNB
Was there ever a TV comedy that showed you the other side of the TV?
Who was that guy in the movie 'Spy' 2015?
Don Draper's Past With Bert Cooper
Explain the abilities/powers of this "The Flash" character
Why wasn't the timeline affected any further from the events in the season 1 finale?
What was the reason Anton Ego lost his job?
Why is Mike so loyal to his men on Breaking Bad?
How realistic was Robinson Crusoe on Mars when it came out?
What does the Native American Chief symbol mean in the Hackers movie from 1995?
Why is she a half-alien?
How did Sherlock know specific personal information about John Watson when meeting him for the first time?
Why do the male clones seem more similar to each other than the female clones do?
Why is The Rock called The People's Champ?
Why was 'The Hobbit' split into three films?
Is this Jack Palance in the Smylex commercial?
Who designed the Batman balloons?
How did the Joker's henchmen get up the cathedral?
How is this shot in Batman made?
What is the role of a director in a film?
Why is it the [Kevin] Bacon Number and where does it come from?
What South American country was the body of water in?
Why was The Martian's NASA lecture on earth at "Day 1"?
What does watering the plant signify?
Was the depiction of the police's reaction in the shootout accurate to how real police would behave?
What did the polar bear signify at the end of Snowpiercer?
What was the train really running on in Snowpiercer?
Why did Weevil go back to his previous life?
What really happened to Gwen Stacy?
Has Carol become unrealistically unhinged?
Is there any real-world “science” behind R2-D2’s computer interfacing arm?
Do any other episodes of The Big Bang Theory mention The Princess Bride when Kripke is present?
What happened to the child of Professor Remus Lupin and Tonks?
Were they trying to kill off Klinger?
Show recorded in front of public: how does it work?
How and Why are the Avengers already assembled at the beginning of Age of Ultron?
Why wasn't Twin Peaks renewed in the 90's?
What is the longest time elapsed before a show got renewed while preserving main cast?
Space-themed movie about protagonists on a small ship
Track all changes to the timeline in the Terminator series
Taps - What does it mean?
Sci-fi movie with a giant spaceship (or something) used like Noah’s Ark
Where did Pied Piper go?
Why are some principal characters missing from some TV episodes?
Why was Hermione a witch?
Opening scene with a woman who gets her high heels stuck in a grate
Is there a website with stats on male versus female leading roles in movies?
How could Jor El become heretic if he didn't have free will?
The Seven Horcruxes of Voldemort
What was the nature of Dobby the Elf?
Year on Linda McFly's sweatshirt
Emotion Leaders/Managers in Inside Out?
What is the history of the Deathly Hallows?
Why was the Refinery in the Planet Jupiter, specifically?
When was Hagrid captured?
Changes in the Back To The Future screenplay?
Did Walt really take Tuco by fear when blew up his office?
What should I watch after "Dragon Ball Z"?
Why does Caleb get locked down in Ex Machina?
Why are the emotions colored in the way they are?
Is there a precedent for Girl Meets World?
In The Sound of Music, which car part did the nun steal?
Does Narcos use real corpses?
Music Before Eric Idle's "Storytime/Children's Stories" in Monty Python Season 1 Episode 3?
Was the TARDIS an inspiration for the time-traveling phone booth?
In Skyfall, what is the significance of M's post-mortem gift of a porcelain pug to Bond?
How did Pam become the office administrator?
Hostage movie where a rich daughter is kidnapped for money
From which movies does the stereotypical b/w film noir voice-over introduction originate?
Why does Perry commit the murders in Capote?
How much did Legendary Pictures' connections to the Pittsburgh Steelers really influence the production of The Dark Knight Rises?
Does Mark get fuel to make water from the rocket that the other crew members had used to escape?
Movie about a guy/killer living in a hidden bathroom in a newly occupied house
Why didn't Gary Powers use the cyanide in the coin?
The message received by Abel before his capture
How much resemblance is there between the "Arrow" TV-series and the "Green Arrow" comics?
Name of movie in which a New York woman finds herself
In the tunnel, why is there a stopped truck and why does John McClane shoot the people in it?
How old was Raoul Duke in the "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"?
Why is Gary Unwin's nickname "Eggsy"?
What is the earliest movie in which "it all turns out to have been a dream"?
What was the matter with the writer who didn't have an invitation to the show?
What is the chronological order of all the Bond Films based on plot?
Are there any differences between Supergirl's leaked episode and the broadcast one?
Why didn't Don Fanucci have any bodyguards so that Vito killed him so easily?
Where did the rest of Walter White's money go?
When making a movie on a book, is the author of the book present?
What's the title of this coming of age movie?
How did Saladin obtain iced water in the middle of the desert?
Why did Hanne choose not to pursue them?
Where does Victor's cape come from?
What is that movie in which a girl selects from two guys?
The "narrator" of a movie
How wikipedia showing running time even before the movie release?
In Back to the Future, how did Marty get the timing right with the lightning strike?
How is Loki alive in the second movie of Thor?
Exactly for whom was the dog parceled in Hachi: A Dog's Tale?
Has Randy Orton ever RKO'd a woman?
Why did Mr Hinx attack Bond & Madeleine Swann on the train?
Why does the desert facility explode?
What is the ultimate goal of the murky goings on in Sicario?
Movie about a girl with multiple personality disorder
Why does the Airwolf series use "photon torpedo"-like missiles?
Can someone really video chat from space as Howard Wolowitz did?
Any source to list the trailers that showed before a particular movie?
How did the mountain goats appear in the Battle of the Five Armies?
Who played "camel toe annie" on Conan's show?
Who is Alex Jones referring to when he says: "I waited but he never came"?
When did Owen get the tracking implant of the Indominus Rex in Jurassic World?
What is the opening song in the Nickelodeon TV movie "Best Player"?
What is the weapon Teal'c is using at the beginning of "Off the Grid"?
In dubbed films, what language is spoken if the character says something in the dubbed language?
Why does Cookie give the painting to "one two" in RocknRolla?
Did Batman Beyond's version of Superman have any inspiration from previous works?
Is walter white a selfish man?
Is the shooter's face revealed in the Danish film Jagten?
Why does the pilot unbuckle his harness?
In The Addam's Family movie do Wednesday and Pugsley murder Tully and Abigail?
Bald Saiyan goes Super Saiyan?
Why is there a delay between the news anchor and the reporter on location?
Is Franz Oberhauser related to the original Blofeld?
Who is Bubble referring to here?
Why does Ava ask - "will you stay?"
What did the gifts signify?
Cooking shows' last minute finishes
How realistic is Mark Watney's self-operation?
How can Wells know what happened in the alternate time?
When was The Sound of Music first released on VHS
Radioactive gold in Goldfinger
Rocky Balboa flashback scene with Mickey Goldmill
Why does Joy glow?
Film with a hero whose memories of last years are erased
English translation of the temple chants in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom?
Why is it called / named U.N.C.L.E?
Union contracts and extremely long workdays on movie sets
What is the opening tune in Four Lions?
Why did Cutter betray Angier and lead Borden to kill him?
What's with the "wobbly" swords in Chinese martial arts movies?
Textual vs material representation in Blade Runner cinematography
Would the paranormal activity also have occurred without finding the camera?
The Last Man On Earth Plot Trick
What is Bond's first line in Spectre?
How do the singularity breaches works in The Flash?
What is number chart on sniper rifle?
What is the significance of the cat in the movie "Gone Girl"?
Is the black egg on House's desk a reference to Tesla's 'Egg of Columbus'?
Infinite ammo in "The Walking Dead"
Which was the first reality competition TV program that used the now common format of eliminating one contestant each episode?
Who was the original parasite in Total Rickall?
How was pre-title opening in Spectre shot?
What's the problem with the temperature getting to 88 degrees?
Is the movie "Vacation" (2015) a sequel, reboot, or remake?
Who will say "start camera action" when the director casts himself in the main role?
Significance of Rorschach's journal at the end of The Watchmen
In Family Guy, who voiced GRR Martin?
Is clapping the clapper just tradition at this point?
What was Mizuki writing on her PC in the movie "Confessions"?
Why fake (relatively) easy scenes?
In Cocktail, what game/wager is being proposed during the Basketball scene?
Why file an FIR in A Wednesday?
Were there any black actors in 'V for Vendetta'?
Flag in Around the World in Eighty Days
Is Roy based off of a comic book character?
Does Noel ever comment that Frasier looks like Captain Bateson?
Why didn't Obi Wan tell Luke the truth about Darth Vader?
Why was Michael Gambon's Dumbledore allowed to be so much more assertive than Richard Harris'?
Is there any criteria for selection of James bond?
When exactly do Gordon's intentions in "The Gift" turn?
In the movie Fermat's Room / Logic Room what happended on the boat?
How can a plant grow in a refrigerator?
Significance of the painting behind M in the restaurant
Are ghosts real in the "Bones" tv show?
Why was the swearing taken out of "Gods and Monsters" in American horror story?
Is man capable of tearing off a car trunk lid like shown in U.N.C.L.E.?
Does it make sense to watch Better Call Saul before Breaking Bad?
Are they going to start a new trilogy of Spider-Man once again?
Why don't main characters of the Walking Dead shield their legs from crawling walkers?
Why wasn't Teresa Bond's tombstone written as Tracy Bond?
Relation between Wild Hogs and Hangover
What are the time travel rules in Midnight In Paris?
Why is there blood dripping from the middle of the wall at the end of S06E05?
How did Rita realized that she has lost the power?
Did Matt Damon actually lose weight for The Martian?
Why was Chiwetel Ejiofor made to be part Indian in The Martian?
What was it that Jobe couldn't put his finger on while watching the camp Genoa feed?
How is Paul Walker's character regenerated in Furious 7?
In The Hunger Games what would happen if the tributes all decided to not participate?
Where is Hannibal's extra finger?
What percentage of movies make a net loss during their theatrical run?
What's with the unusual siren sounds throughout Blochin?
Soundtrack Variations Per DVD Zone?
What does buying chocolate ice-cream in the end implies?
Does the Sarlacc pit keep its victims alive?
What do we know about the creature whose skeleton we see in Star Wars?
Did people in the Star Wars galaxy know about the Sith during the original trilogy?
Is the scene with the girl putting a flower in a soldier's rifle's muzzle a reference to a specific event?
In Blue Ruin when did Dwight find out about William?
Why do old movies sound like old movies?
Boxing movie with a hero recently released from prison
Inconsistencies in Todd's Behavior
Comedy about a red slime monster alien devouring a spaceship's crew
Did Jesse do the right thing?
Won't Seven of Nine get tired legs or feet?
Why was Hermione Granger's character in Deathly Hallows so weak in the climax?
Why has Tian Ji'an's wife ordered to kill Nie Yinniang's uncle in "The Assassin"?
Post-apocalyptic movie with a man and his dog. Spends his time making traps for zombies
How did the time machine explode?
Possible disease of Kramer?
Why wasn't the first Golden Eye satellite detonated over London?
Why was Lagertha made mother of Bjorn?
What does Clyde's facial expression mean in the ending scene?
Why did Lady Lisa become human in Pixels?
Has there ever been a chain of art imitating life, and life returning the favour, like the one involving the film Taxi Driver (1976)?
What is the origin of 'Why'd you do it?' on Frasier?
Late 80s or early 90s anime\cartoon in space with slugs and pink tentacles
What happened to the money in Blackhat?
Hollywood movies that no longer exist in any form
Can the same contestant represent their country in both Miss World and Miss universe?
Old cavemen comedy movie in style of Mel Brooks
Can someone explain Happy Quinn jokes in the Scorpion episode "Crazy Train"?
What is the record for siblings from a single family in a film?
How did they make the shimmering colours when Mork calls Orson?
How long was each Squinterns' turn at the Jeffersonian?
Identify this movie/telefilm featuring Heather Graham
Was Kirk's retirement from the Star Trek franchise already decided in The Undiscovered Country?
Filming timespan of Jeopardy!
Original futuristic battle Scenes from the first Terminator movie
What is Jack Nicholson tossing aside in this scene in The Shining?
How come Kalkeya Chief knew about what Bijjaladeva said a day before war
Why was the PreCrime division shut down?
What is the Music Playing Behind Monty Python's Spanish Inquisition Closing Credits?
Why does Helen throw away Theodore's letter for Frank?
What movie was Joey talking about in 'The One with the Secret Closet'?
Are there extended editions of Harry Potter movies #3-#8?
Did Cinderella say something bad when the horses hit each other?
Why did the Three Blind Mice get 'into character' so early?
Was Project X based on a real incident or vice versa?
How much is scripted/choreographed in Grease?
Are the parallels between AI and Slavery intentional?
Fantasy movies; Harryhausen-esque, with warriors who magically generate from a mural
Is the visible mannequin in the opening car bomb scene in Casino (1995) intentional, and if so why?
At what point was Morgana chained to the bottom of a well?
How much is Stan Lee paid for his cameos in MCU films?
Is there any information about a future Scooby Doo show that will come after "Scooby Doo Mystery Incorporated"?
Hawkeye's sneak attack on the helicarrier in The Avengers
What did Ripley tell Schenk in S01E06?
What is the poem uttered by the saint in Dasavatharam?
Why did Professor Snape hide his relationship with Lily from Harry Potter?
Was the movie 3096 Days remade in English?
When are film soundtracks made?
Why does the boom operator have to hold the boom mic by hand?
Was Inspector Villiers part of the cover-up conspiracy at East Proctor?
Is Cosmos (1980) obsolete now that Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey (2014) has come out?
In Spongebob universe snails are cats. What about bigger felines?
Why is the child disclaimer incomplete?
Have there ever been considerations about releasing the actual movie whose production The Act of Killing documents?
Name of a painting in Wall Street (1987)
How is the text for closed captions and subtitles chosen for newly made, non-live TV shows?
How do we hear ant sounds in Ant-Man?
Why does the vision change when Ant-Man shrinks?
Why didn't the machine affect Bond in Spectre?
Jumping onto a horse in movie stunts
Who attacked Dr Jacoby and why?
How much he is going to serve in prison for his crime?
Was casting adults as teenagers more common in the past?
About the phrase Balian has in his workshop
In Spectre how does the DNA match work?
Why tracking phone takes some few minutes
Significance of blue flowers in What dreams may come
In Casino Royale, why did the CIA agent had to wait?
How did Red John predict the final short list of Patrick Jane?
Term for faking something in a movie related to set or lighting
What is the point of the dialogue at the end of Ant-Man?
Why doesn't Vesper give Bond the additional $5M?
Is this a nod to new 52 or just a coincidence?
Do I have to have seen any other James Bond films to watch Spectre?
Why does the film High Fidelity (2000) call Army Of Darkness "Evil Dead 2"?
What was being referred to in the Mockingjay Part 2 Epilogue?
Why do the movie posters show Katniss in red?
Is it common for a groom to walk the bride down the aisle?
Is Michael Corleone against his father's business?
Why was Ant-Man excluded from the Civil War trailer?
After what happened to Gale, was Gus still planning to kill Walt?
Star Wars TIE/LN Fighter, what does 'LN' stand for?
What was the movie Tom referred to when arguing with Chris?
The Simpsons/Futurama: walk in the dark with neon signs
What gives a movie the 'Film Look'
What country does No Escape take place in?
What are the Blue Rings in 'Bram Stoker's Dracula'?
Definitive explanation of the line, “…picking your feet in Poughkeepsie.” from “The French Connection.”
Who sent the email to the sat-con girl in The Martian?
What was the purpose of Abel's family being sent to meet Donovan in Bridge of Spies?
What is the connection between Ragnar from Vikings and Ragnar from The Last Kingdom?
In the Walking Dead why don't humans turn after being cut with infected weapons?
"Madman with cat cannon" mentioned in the Daily Show
Why did he have to let go?
Why does the Spectre octopus only have 7 tentacles?
After the events of S4E11, why didn't Gus shadow Walt?
Why the AKA prefix?
Why does the building explode at the start of Spectre?
How did they do the Andorians' skin effects in Star Trek: Enterprise?
A scene in Friends where Joey remembers not understanding something
How did Latika get her scar?
How does Cooper know that jumping in blackhole can gain back years?
Any significance as to why the sheriff's name in Cut Bank is Vogel?
Extensive makeup and pay rates
What is the first movie to show bloopers at end credits?
Why did Ashwin ask Reema about watching the movie "Ijazaat" in "Talvar"?
How does "alive tissue" include nails and hair?
Why have static targets for tributes while demoing their skills?
Why does Marty see another duplicate of himself when he returns?
Was Snow turning senile?
Do Panem citizens know of their Roman namesake?
What changes to Mockingjay Part 2 were made due to P. S. Hoffman's passing?
The "Ross-A-Tron" joke
What is the state of the rest of the world in The Hunger Games?
Does the rest of the world know what's happening in Panem (do they even care)?
Which language was used on store billboards and newspapers in No Escape (2015)?
Why does Eric Bana give sticks to all Mossad assassins to eat before the first assassination?
What's the rush to travel forward in time?
Teen wolf mountain ash myth
Why did this character simply die in Deadgirl (2008)?
Music In The House Of The Undying
Significance of the similar color palette for Anna's winter dress and Elsa's coronation dress
Different skills and levels of a Pau in Farscape
How does time travel work in the Terminator franchise given the nature of the time travel devices and the movement of the Earth?
Why wasn't the room with the crystalline Spantium being reset?
What was the first book-to-film adaptation?
Who are the office workers in Panem?
Were there different endings to the movie "Clue", based on the odd clips in the old preview?
What's the meaning of the hangman game in the phone booth in Fargo?
Why didn't Eve keep shooting at the train scene?
Did John Wayne ever shoot first?
What's the first movie or TV episode portraying a computer password?
Is it a trope that exposed electric wire in a pool causes electrocution?
Dr. Brennan's Academic Position?
Would Michael Corleone stay in Cuba?
How many KITTs were destroyed during production of the '80s Knight Rider series?
Were these lines from Star Wars inspired by David Bowie's "Space Oddity"?
How did the kidnappings happen?
What does Anna mean when she says that she lost her whistle 133 days ago?
How did Bob Taylor get out of the children's room?
Why do Mickey's ears rotate and shift location when he is not facing the camera?
Stanley Kubrick's The Shining : Clue
Why does Loki's superior damage his investigation?
How does earth based technology interact with alien technology
For how long is Phil stuck in the Groundhog Day's loop?
Black and white film; Journalist receives newspapers from a day into the future. One predicts his death
Why is the Ucayali in Werner Herzog's 'Fitzcarraldo' flowing in the wrong direction?
How much time passed (in universe) between Rocky and Rocky III?
In S01E08, how did Jessica do it in 'What Would Jessica Do?'
How did Dillon die?
Was Steven Taylor contemplating the death of his wife before her affair was discovered?
What would be the "correct salute" for this sentence?
Can The Zeta Project be understood enough individually?
Where has Woody been?
Is Toy Story inspired by The Velveteen Rabbit?
Taken 3, Bryan torturing Stuart. What kind of torture is that?
Why is Samaritan smarter than the Machine?
Who was the man in Wanda's flat?
Why does Rembrandt keep calling Quinn "Q-ball"?
What was the purpose of keeping Castor Troy alive after the face transplant procedure?
What is Theo's father's reaction in the end?
What is the song in 'Mars Attacks!' that killed the Martians?
What was the call sign of the clone pilot that helped Obi-Wan and Anakin?
Why is technology so advanced in the Star Wars prequels?
Why does Jessica Jones react differently to Kilgrave's powers?
In Cold in July, was the cop killed?
Is Jar Jar Binks a Sith Lord?
Movie reference at the end of Family Guy Episode 14x08?
How do movie makers and movie theaters make money based off of a movie?
Why did Umbrella never use Nemesis to kill zombies?
What was the point of showing a sexually provocative film in the Asylum?
Why do Ethan and Julia just prefer to see each other from long distance rather than meeting each other?
Who does Stewie confuse Stanley Smith with in S06E06?
What was the deal with 9:30 in M Night Shyamalan's 'The Visit'?
Why are comedies shorter than dramas?
Trading places: How long was Valentine working for the Dukes?
Was Hanzee at the Motor Motel before the police cavalcade arrived?
Was there ever noticeable criticism about Breaking Bad possibly glorifying the drug business?
Was Martin Riggs' age ever established?
Was Lou always Jacob's dad?
Why didn't the students escape fire through windows?
Why are all the Blues Brothers Band members jailed?
Why did Owen Chase not fire his harpoon at Moby Dick?
What did Dr. Arden say before attempting suicide in AHS S02E10?
Is there a website showing membership stats for casting sites for actors?
Name of this device
What is the origin of the Virus in the Maze Runner series?
How did Jessica Jones know about Kilgrave's weakness?
Do shows like "House of Cards" need political clearance before their release?
Who is the rapist in the first scene of American Horror Story: Hotel?
Was this X-Files episode influenced by Edward Scissorhands
Why are the Oscars so named?
Looking for a video game movie possibly made in the 80's
What are Dino and Luigi trying to extort from the Army in Full Frontal Nudity?
Why was only Lucifer in the cage? Where is Michael?
How did The Right Stuff get a PG rating with so many uses of the f-word?
Stop motion claymation movie with various animals in it
Why did Teddy ask to change the place where the picture was about to be taken?
Kenny stopped dying. Why?
Which character died at the end of "The Prestige"?
What is "The Center" in Justice League: The New Frontier?
Why did Don Lockwood lie about his background?
Does Starling City have active subway or not?
Where did she hide the switchblade to cut throat?
Has Worf ever been allowed to call (or has his recommendation been approved for) "Red Alert"?
Why did Sylvester Stallone empty and reload his gun?
Is Penny an alcoholic?
Why does Salt have two different endings?
Why do the Russian and German characters not speak in their respective accents?
Geometric figures in the corner of TV shows—why were they there?
80s or 90s film featuring kids performing some sort of ritual or seance in a church
Why didn't silent movies have subtitles?
Aliens disguised as school children learn about humans in retro TV show
What is the name of this twisty, gritty American crime movie?
Did Yitzhak become a new Hedwig?
Journalist's daughter is on the run to U.S from a country at civil war
In Star Wars, can a Jedi kill?
What did Scott ask Hope about the hand?
How did Solange Dimitrios die in Casino Royale?
How is there no murder trial in Southpaw?
Explanation for the ending of Carrie?
Is Mr. Robot Real?
Why did Nick stay with Amy in Gone Girl?
Why does Andy wait for the lightning to strike when he is trying to break the sewer pipe?
Through what "pipes" is Andy Dufresne going when he is escaping?
Erroneous scene with the studio's parking lot in the original Star Wars release
Where is Stan Lee in Fantastic Four?
Why did Gandalf take Pippin when saving Faramir and company?
Movie about a Teenage Girl that could see another dimension
Why does Audrey Hepburn's character ask for 50 dollars from her admirers every time she goes to "the powder room"?
Who is actually the sniper?
Why don't cinemas project subtitles off-screen?
Why is "I am Guru Saj" funny?
Was it that easy to fake identities back in the 1950s?
Eaten by a computer
Is Peggy really to blame for all those dead people?
Where's the actual Palindrome in the season two finale of Fargo?
What is the optimum list of previous Star Wars movies that I should watch before December 18
Why are animals in cartoons shown having spirals for eyes after a camera's flash goes off?
How many patients did House and his team treat?
Does the title "An Officer and A Gentleman" refer to one person or two?
Ending of Whiplash...revenge or not?
What was Eddie's long-term goal in Limitless?
What was with the necklace in Super 8?
What is the plot behind the end of 'Fifty Shades of Grey'?
What was the age of Adaline Bowman's daughter in The Age of Adaline?
What did Colonel Kurtz mean by his story of a snail on a razor?
Was the bathroom stall scene in Get Hard real or green screen?
Which girl Parry was referring to after waking up?
How did Leonardo DiCaprio get nominated for BAFTA Award for his role in The Revenant?
Movie about a monster attack shot on a video camera
What does saying IKEA like this indicating?
Why does Chandler tell the chick and the duck "back to Nintendo?"
What's the point of switching Monica's and Rachel's rooms?
Did Yoda appear in Star Wars The Force awakens?
What is the episode of scrubs where they end with Boston - More Than A Feeling?
Is it necessary to watch Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith before embarking on Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens?
Why did the original Star Wars: A New Hope posters portray Luke and Leia as a couple?
Was the twist in The Empire Strikes Back leaked to the public before the movie's release?
Question regarding Kylo Ren line
How did the Resistance know their planet was the next target?
What did Kylo mean by he has to do something difficult?
Who is Rey’s family?
Who is Supreme Leader Snoke?
How did Supreme Leader Snoke seduce him to the Dark Side?
How do they shoot scenes where the camera passes through a window?
How did Doc Brown know to drop the rope in BTTF II?
Was Fat Ass, the character from Shawshank Redemption, actually innocent?
Confused about the Resistance base in The Force Awakens
Who is Lor San Tekka?
Why did Claire give John the earring?
How did Emily escape in movie Case 39?
Why does the First Order in “The Force Awakens” refer to the Resistance as “Rebels” when the Republic is reinstated?
How did Darth Vader learn Luke was his son?
Was Bugs Bunny always The Animator?
What is the name of this space-based horror film?
What are the subplots common to both The Force Awakens and A New Hope?
How did Bond know about Mathis on Casino Royale?
What is a "shadow game" from Gone in 60 Seconds?
How long will the strike last?
Can a TV sitcom like TBBT be pulled off the air prematurely?
Why does The Force Awakens not use the Episode notation?
Did Gordo have anything to do with Simon's firm finding out that Danny was framed?
Was the job offer part of the plan all along?
Why was Kylo Ren punching himself?
How did Kylo Ren get ahead of them?
Why was Namgoong in prison?
What prompted R2-D2 to wake up at this point in “The Force Awakens?”
Billy Crystal & Robin Williams scene on Friends
Why would Phoebe have been so intrigued with the wrestler's costumes?
Why is "...there’s two in martini!" funny?
Why are turbines attached to the buildings?
Why did Kylo Ren take such a drastic action?
Why is Tyler Durden shown with yellow gloves?
What is the first mockumentary style show?
What is with the taxidermied animals and birds Norman Bates had in Psycho?
Why didn't Hannibal destroy the whole note/letter received from the dragon?
What are the coins John Wick is using?
Horror movie about a haunted house that wasnt haunted at all woman was real
Did Emerald City have any success stories?
Which is the correct pronunciation of Han in Star Wars?
What play do Draper and Megan see?
What is the story behind "valar morghulis" and its answer "valar dohaeris"?
How can Maz have Luke's lightsaber in Star Wars VII?
What did Mike Wazowski's paperwork consist of?
Who are Reys parents?
How involved are Edward Baines' parents?
Edward Baines in a coma, seals and sailing?
How many years away from Earth did Cooper experience in Interstellar?
How did Frank figure out Jim was a spy?
A civilian for two weeks?
Does the assignment in Saving Private Ryan come impossibly fast?
Was the famous “Wilhelm Scream” used in “The Force Awakens?”
Need name of a classic Sci Fi episode, involving a soldier frozen in time saving a woman?
What is the story behind the 'wall girl' in the movie "Deep Dark"?
How does Han communicate with Chewbacca?
Does Rey speak Shyriiwook?
When do Arrow and Flash cross over?
Why does Lorenzo de Medici never ask about his daughters?
In 'Sicario', what was the purpose of raiding the tunnel?
How did they achieve the crack in the ice scene?
Help me identify this movie man mutates into tree man
Why does master Qui-Gon think Anakin is the "chosen one" while others do not?
Age difference between Anakin Skywalker and Padmé in the Star Wars prequel trilogy
Why do Obi-Wan and Anakin not get burned during their battle on the lava?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith vs. The Clone Wars
Why would Patrick Bateman share a phone number with Paul Allen and Timothy Bryce?
How far is Central City from Star/Starling City?
What happened to Penny's pharmaceutical sales rep job?
Why does "Move on" (2012) seem so disjointed?
Where on the Enterprise-D is the "Battle Bridge" situated?
Petrol extinction in Futurama
Did Harrison Ford ever pay back Conan? Did he call the show “sh**”?
Why did Obi-Wan vanish after his fight with Vader?
Have there been any movies about or with realistic ninjas?
Was the typo in Paul Allen's busines card ever explained?
How did Mastani die in 'Bajirao Mastani'?
Why did the spirits visit Ebenezer Scrooge precisely seven years after Marley's death?
Upside Down Loft (Weeds)
Who is the chosen one?
Where was the 1952 movie "Hong Kong" filmed?
What was the point of releasing the President's 'unofficial schedule' in S1E13?
What is the actual meaning of the film "The Lobster"?
Why is 'loner leader' / Léa Seydoux against love in " The lobster "?
Who was Jack talking to?
When will Howard Wolowitz get his PhD?
How can Martin and Jake afford their living?
Why did Tom want to name his kid Coop?
Why does Sheldon Cooper love The Flash?
Why does Leonard on The Big Bang Theory always wear socks when he goes to bed with Penny?
Is the science in The Big Bang Theory correct?
How much does Alicia earn?
How was the TV turned on again in Metropia?
Why did DeWitt return the trophy to Eve's home, when she told him to take it with him to the party?
Understanding racial messages in The Hateful Eight
In the Hateful Eight, is this character lying?
What is this deleted scene from the Hateful Eight?
Why did Chief Bromden fool everyone?
What are the content differences between the 70mm 'Roadshow' print, and the wide distribution digital release?
Why didn't McMurphy escape?
What exactly is 70mm print and why does anyone care?
What are the other beings that can't be killed by the Colt?
Is there some term for the English used by Yoda?
What is the in-universe significance of different colours of lightsabers in Star Wars?
Why should one not share his or her totem?
Is this body in "Jessica Jones" a character in "Daredevil"?
Why did Lombard keep calling Blore "Tubbs"?
Prince of Persia: Based on Movie or Game
Disturbing film, made in last 5-7 years about a disabled mother and her son
How are Lightsabers created in Star Wars?
How does Darren Cross know Scott is in the suit in Ant-Man?
Who is the father of Darth Vader?
What is the right age for starting a training for Jedi?
Did Tony deceive Aldrich Killian into thinking that Mark 42 malfunctioned?
British TV series about shooting at school
How can one tell the country of origin of a movie?
Why was the Force Ghost scene altered in the 2004 DVD version of Return of the Jedi?
What surrealistic 20s movie is mentioned in Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris
How does Kate Macer identify Ted has been sent to kill her in Sicario?
If the Jedi way is to avoid aggression and only fight as a form of defense, then how come every battle starts with the good guys attacking first?
Science fiction movie about a mystery spaceship which can be alive
Can you really infuse someone with a coconut?
Did Ben Affleck's character see Rebecca Hall's character when she activated the alarm?
Comedy movie about 3 software programmers who tried to hack the company's account system
What language does BB-8 speak?
Why was the art of old animated films sketchy?
Physiological changes in Klingons between Star Trek TOS and Star Trek TNG
Short soundbite (4-tone-pattern) from "Troy" (2004) used anywhere else?
What is the murderer's motive for killing Oliver Whyte?
How are the Daniel Craig Bond movie plots related?
What was the significance of the words written by Oliver on the advertisement board?
Why does Matt Damon cut a hole in the roof of the rover?
Why does John Reese always speak with such a low voice volume?
Why do so many movies still use the Wilhelm scream?
Old Russian or Soviet-era cartoon movie about a servant, a prince and a princess
Who killed Omi's dad?
When will the Sherlock special episode air?
How does Optimus Prime know how Captain Witwicky found Megatron?
Looking for a film where the demon whistles
Are there scenes missing from the home versions related to Marie Kreutz?
What does Camerlengo mean in Angels and Demons?
What is the "Eileenean/ileenian/alenian" system?
How old is the character SpongeBob SquarePants?
Did she really say 'zombie'?
Titanic reference's significance in Batman TAS episode "Prophecy of Doom"
Advanced grifting techniques
Question about Oswaldo's background in The Hateful Eight
Is High Frame Rate (HFR) being used for films apart from The Hobbit?
What is with the list in the special episode of Sherlock?
There Will Be Blood title significance
Is Gandalf really that great of a wizard?
Zooming background camera technique?
Who was Morgan Freeman writing the letter to?
How "kid" friendly is Star Wars VII The Force Awakens?
Why was the broken house in forest fixed and what does it imply?
What does the tagline of "The Kings of Summer" mean?
Is "The Conspiracy" based on a real secret society?
What's this road movie set in Mongolia, about a nomad sent to town by his wife to buy condoms
What advantage does the hexadecimal numeric system have over the decimal system in The Martian?
Who is the person the Sherlock special episode is dedicated to?
Name of a comedy movie with adopted white who is hunted by a killer
Why was the corpse of the duplicate of the bride supposed to be with the original, in The Abominable Bride? Was it there?
Revolver movie title significance
Who "produces“ 4DX movies?
How can Valyrian steel kill White Walkers?
Is power more important than love for Stannis?
Why doesn't House prescribe vicodin himself?
How could Shrek's friends arrive so quickly?
They are right. And we are wrong
Was Narcos shot on location?
Why does rookie cop Jessica Loren shoot these characters?
Why was Max tied up to the grill of a car?
What is meaning of dialogue at the end of Masaan about going to Sangam twice?
Why did CBI launch an investigation into Todd Johnson's death and not Rebecca Anderson's?
Why does the First Doctor wear a ring on his small finger?
What's that thing in Captain America Civil war promo images
Does the holiday special episode of Sherlock relate to the previous season?
Was Up in the Air inspired by real world firms?
Immortan Joe and Rob Zombie's "Dragula" character similarity
What would SC&P need a Computer for?
Jesus Christ Superstar shooting places guide?
What is Max's background in Mad Max: Fury Road?
How were the Abominable Bride murders committed?
Team freezes various people in apartment building
In Sicario, why did Kate pull a gun on Alejandro?
What is the significance of 45 Years Movie?
What happened to Sheldon's assistant, Alex?
Why was Lucius Malfoy never arrested?
What happened to Gideon on "The Flash"?
What is Thomas explaining about the boroughs?
Question about a specific filming technique - the long zoom
Why isn't it called "The Hateful Nine"?
Why does Annie use a revolver as her primary sidearm when everyone else seems to use semi-automatics?
Which meaning does "Mad" have in the title "Mad Max"?
Three Days of the Condor - communications protocols. Script vs movie adaptation
What was the meaning of what Bailey told Noodles at the end of Once Upon a Time in America?
Androids in Star Trek TOS compared to Star Trek TNG
What's the stuff before the title sequence in a TV show called?
What does Mr Bean have against the three-wheeled car?
How did Rick survive while in coma?
Why do we not see snow or much of season change in the Walking Dead?
Why didn't IP Man want to be a teacher?
Was Childhood's End Intended To Parallel Biblical Prophecy?
How did Utah and Bodhi survive 800 meter waterfall drop?
Pumpkin and Honey Bunny from Pulp Fiction - did they appear in another movie?
What is the mental illness of Tiffany in Silver Linings Playbook?
Is Walter White's character designed so we will be sympathetic to him?
Homeland - possible "Better Call Saul" series reference
Why does the cast appear on stage at the end of every episode?
How did Magneto know Mystique injected the metal into Laurio's body?
Which season/episode is the scene where Walter White enters the CT scanner/radiation therapy machine
Why don't Michonne's walker drones try to attack her?
European historical movie about the mute 18th century woman
South of Hell: Car in Purgatory
Is the exact same sound clip used in A New Hope and The Force Awakens?
Robert Fischer took the plane with Cobb's team?
Joey's and Chandler's coded telephone conversation
How is Scarlet Witch able to stop the train?
Looking for name of movie about the president landing via parachute in a forest
How does the escaping criminal move the fridge back?
Movie where a couple survives only to reach hell?
Why does Mycroft say this in that time period?
What does "when you pin me" mean?
Why does William Stryker say he gave Wolverine claws even though he had them way before?
How did Linus know the answer to Benedict's question?
Why do kids shows have so many musical numbers
What's the meaning of the two scarves during the riot in Straight Outta Compton?
Why did Tywin Laninster never try to become a king?
How does this studio(?) hierarchy work
Sherlock: The Abominable Bride DVD/Blu-ray and extra scenes
Did Skyler have genuine feelings for Ted Beneke?
What is the war in V for Vendetta?
Why is the first episode of a TV show called 'Pilot'?
What was the final line in The Abominable Bride?
Why do the monsters have super power, scale buildings and have a large jaw?
Two lovers who met on a train & met again 10 years still in love & with a 9-year old daughter
What is the minimum Nielsen rating generally necessary to justify another season of a TV series?
Did Agent Classified and Eva inform the others?
How was the baby born in the start?
Is there a reason to use a two word phrase in the Harry Potter movie for the "Lumos" spell?
Why did HFPA put The Martian under comedy?
Did V escape before or after the St. Mary's virus event?
What is the story behind Lord Varys' box and the prisoner he held there?
How did Varys end up in the king's council?
A mother takes her children to a buffalo farm
How is dubbing done for fight sequences?
What is Grabthar's Hammer?
Did Fredo know he was doomed on the boat?
How was the bear attack scene shot in the movie 'The Revenant'?
How did Thomas Aquinas know which man Satan inhabited?
What is the significance of this line from We Need to Talk About Kevin?
From X-Men, we know that Wolverine was Canadian but in one movie why did he participate in American Revolutionary War?
Are some of the musicians actual musicians?
Why are laugh tracks only used in TV series but not in movies?
In the end of Sicario, why does the cop say "Medellin" while the gun was pointed at him?
What non-actor did the director Robert Bresson cast as the French king?
What poster is hanging in Raj's apartment on Big Bang Theory?
Margaritas three, four, and nine
Rachel Hat Scene
How and when does the monkey in Pirates of the Caribbean get on the ship?
Grandfather Unable to Look at Grandson
How do the new X-Files reach German free TV so fast?
How long can a Jedi hold their breath?
Why is The Hateful Eight billed as Tarantino's Eighth movie?
How could Ant-Man break electronics after he penetrated through the Yellowjacket suit?
Why was Billy Crudup not credited in "The Watch"?
Weird British movie with zombie creatures in a fog
Was Meredith a traitor?
Was Mace Windu falling into the Dark Side?
Is It possible for the dread doctors to create alpha wolves?
Does the interviewer really not know his subject's name?
Animals on movie sets - the cat in The Hateful Eight
Explanations for The Man in the High Castle?
Can someone simplify to me what Patrick Meighan says In Ted 2?
Is there any way in which to use cross-over characters from other TV series?
Movie where a woman tries to find the murderer of her brother? Dark setting, sort of redneck characters
What was Max Pomeranc's role in Definitely, Maybe, and in which scene was he?
Who is the (police uniform) Mexican highway shooter in Sicario?
Why does Heroes show inconsistent versions of the same scene
What is the reason for these 10-second gaps?
Why does "The Force Awakens" use an image language associated with national socialism for the First Order?
Movie with a bomb triggered by a musical phrase played by an orchestra
What is the significance of the color red in "Rebel Without a Cause"?
Would Theo face the death penalty post-Die Hard?
What really happened in Haute Tension?
Does "The Hateful Eight" belong to the Tarantino Universe?
Why did the magic ceiling not react to professor Quirrell?
Did Chapman ever find a cigarette carrying roach?
Which was the first film adaptation of television series?
Why was Santino ordered to die by Barzini?
Who had "turbo lasers" first, Star Wars or Battlestar Galactica?
Are some films filmed with a larger frame than all cropped versions?
Is Conan O'Brien bullying Jordan Schlansky?
What was with Ron Perlman's character's nose obsession in Cronos?
Why did Warren treat the old General Sanford that way?
How did Deb miss the freezer?
Head-on Collision Survival Chances in Furious 7
How closely does Game of Thrones follow the fantasy or fairy-tale genre?
Was Keith ever charged with murder?
Shouldn't Warren Worthington III be just a little child during X-Men Apocalypse?
Is Anita from Humans still in Mia?
Do any Hollywood movies star only little people?
Did iZombie drop an episode?
Why didn't the dragons leave their lair earlier?
Why did the mother's dragon attack the village?
How did Drago get the Alpha?
Did Harry and Mia actually have sex?
How possible is it to rip someone's eye out of its socket?
Was Dulé Hill appearing so briefly in The West Wing because he was co-starring in Psych?
90s Prostitute reference in Law & Order: SVU
How far away was Admiral Ozzel from Darth Vader?
Why does the bank offer a tiny $3500 settlement for the home?
Why do Bell and Genesis say Ronnie is a magician in "Knock Knock"?
Why did The Dude hate The Eagles so much?
How is Lupita Nyong'o the first Mexican actress to win an Oscar?
Why didn't Air Force One defend itself when under attack by a missile?
How does Sherlock come to the conclusion Moriarty is dead?
In Ted 2, Ted is arguing with a male and female neighbour. What language is female neighbour speaking?
Have they edited the turning water to wine scene in 'Now You See Me'?
About the role of Kate Macer in Sicario
Reference to a Danish version of something on the TV series The Magicians
What is the actual relation between Miami Vice and the "Smuggler's Blues"?
What boxing matches were the fights in Rocky based on?
Why were the Doctor Who opening scenes and music changed between seasons and not between Doctors?
Are the Clean Shaven Officer and the Old Man supposed to be the same person?
What does the prophecy exactly say in the Star Wars saga?
Why didn't James Bond finish off Mr. Hinx after the crash?
Old Man's interaction with Mulder "10 years ago"?
Why do some shows have an opening credits voice over that explains the premise of the show?
Why do they refer to Palestine as a country?
How did launched vehicles match speed of slingshot vehicle?
How many people were actually in the Beast's castle?
In the film Donnie Brasco, why did the FBI tell the mafia that Donnie was an undercover agent?
The others, who is dead or who is alive?
Is Gideon on The Flash and Gideon on Legends of Tomorrow same?
Can you tell me about the Saint George day in Time of the Gypsies?
In allegorical sense what does the mad dog represent in "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
Is the Babadook symbolic of the dead father?
Who burned down the horse stables?
Why are two such similar movies being made at the same time?
Does X-Files (2016) follow last season of X-Files (2002) story-wise?
Shooting of the gravity free scene in Inception
What does John Bennett mean with "All those rich black people can't be wrong"?
Why does Sherlock ask the question in this way?
What is the significance of the ape movies in X-Files S10E02: Founder's Mutation
Is it scientifically possible to grow potatoes in Martian soil?
Elsa's long term plans on the mountain
Underwater scene in Mission Impossible 5
Is there a trope where a group of people get splattered with blood?
Why is Shannon crying to Mandy about Brian and Curt hooking up the night before?
Why doesn't Michael Scofield destroy the hard disk instead of throwing it in a river?
Please explain the end of John Dies at the End
What's with the pens?
Mystery show where an airplane disappears
In Fargo, why is the 180° rule broken during this scene?
Why was Hugh Laurie credited as a Guest star in Friends?
Old cartoon where a boy with a skeleton friend in a baseball cap battles monsters
What are the reasons behind the shorter Italian version of Cool Hand Luke?
Were these films actually available in Germany during the time represented in "Bridge of Spies"?
Fitzgerald's choices
Were the clips played throughout Pawn Sacrifice actual footage?
Why were there no American women in the Revenant?
Why did the horse keep on walking when Glass was not on it?
Why didn't Jack Harmon simply enter the embassy basement by himself?
What does he mean, "you people"?
How did the jurors get to be elected in 1957's 12 Angry Men?
At the end of Interstellar, who built the colony?
Was the "American Symphony" played in real-time?
Does 1957's 12 Angry Men consist of only one cut?
Romantically involved spaceship crew members become infected
Considering bans on Nazi imagery, how are fictional works featuring such imagery treated in countries which outlaw said imagery?
Are the movies 'The Fantastic World of D.C. Collins' and 'Cloak and Dagger' connected somehow?
Plot explanation about the gambling in Everybody Hates Chris
Was there a romantic relationship between Gustavo Fring and his partner?
Does 12 Angry Men point to the bad jury selection system of the US at the time?
Why do people bleed in real world when they are hurt or killed in The Matrix?
How did the First Order know the location of the base of the Resistance?
What is the significance of Salt ending?
Why doesn't each emergency room have all available blood types on hand in small blood-ready fridges?
Why don't docbots kill those who are awakened by the red pill?
Did The Big Short movie change names or conflate characters?
Can a headshot from a sniper really cause muscle spasm?
Why does the First Order essentially just make a bigger Death Star?
Low budget clone movie with a sheriff tricking a guard by saying 'clowns'
What is the girl Callie trying to do?
How many languages does Oliver Queen speak?
How was Ant-man able to breathe when he goes sub-atomic?
What is the main core difference of The Flash, that no other speedsters possesses?
Does producing blue meth make Walter a chemistry genius?
What exactly is the Box Office collection?
What was the symbolism behind pushing "The Button" in Lost?
How do Sentinels get the ability to adapt every mutant power from Mystique's DNA?
Why doesn't Trevor remember the hit and run?
Why do Dan and Sandy kiss each other?
What is the reason for Alexa's reaction?
Is Rose's heaven her dead husband's hell?
How can I find a good-quality release of "Highlander" with the original soundtrack?
Are there any movies having cryopreservation as the central plot?
Meaning of Mark Hamill's "I am your father" line from The Flash
Why does Kara tell Dode to tell The Pin that Brendan killed Emily?
How was the special high-contrast cinema release of Se7en created?
Identify this educational Japanese cartoon show
80/90s Thriller involving a female killer who apparently kills Amish people and sprinkles gold glitter on the bodies
Movie set in a big city with geeky protagonist and gothic female lead
Is Chuck Barris's work as a CIA hit-man a fantasy?
Why did Elwood trade a Cadillac for a microphone?
British Criterion Collection film where a psychic tells a woman she'll be involved with a man who has a question mark on his face
What's the record for highest number of biographies on a single person?
Why is there a safety net conveniently located in the soon-to-be-demolished MI6 building?
A movie with quotation argument and a literal book of quotations
Why do Walter and Jesse no longer come in cars to the laundry
What makes The Shawshank Redemption so cinematically important?
Who is the medical jargon shown in House MD attributable to?
How much did Blade Runner influence the Reimagined Battlestar Galactica?
Why is there a huge sound when Dr. Mann's spacecraft destroys the part of the Endurance?
Did Forrest's mom know about his love for Jenny?
How much of a gravitational time dilation did the three planets in Interstellar experience?
Why is the movie titled "Independence Day"?
How did they end up on the bus?
Why does Sherlock say he knows ash?
What did the title of Silence of the Lambs refer to?
What's the significance of Wil Wheaton wearing a Star Trek uniform when visiting the cinema for the Star Wars movie?
90's/early 2000's movie involving an evil prince and wizard time traveling to a medieval world attraction place
TV-series, 1980s, British, city, working-class-people, apartment-block, fall from window, children taken
Why was Vanessa apparently allowed to go free?
Why are "blockbusters" called blockbusters?
Plot hole or science faux pas in premiere episode of X Files season 10?
How does Harry Potter keep balance while on his broom?
Why did the airbag not deploy on Statham's Maserati in Furious 7?
Are David Attenborough documentaries still dubbed in the US?
Have US cable tv documentary channels always had reality tv and "controversial" topics?
Can someone explain the ending of the movie "The House on Pine Street"?
Movie about a former bounty hunter who is threatened by his previous employers
Is Deadpool censored?
When Butch walks back to his apartment, what is the radio in the background saying about Jackrabbit Slim's?
Whose idea was it to put an orange lightbulb in the mysterious briefcase?
Why did Vandal call him by that name and what does it mean or reference?
Is there a common origin to those blue background TV commercials?
Is the jewellery in the 2016 adaptation of War and Peace genuine?
Mother's Milk significance
Why doesn't Jimmy recognize his own father in Second Chance?
Last song in Gale's aparment
Why does the spotlight slowly appear when they started talking?
What is happening in the title sequence of "About Elly"?
What was the significance of the diamond swallowing scene in Schindler's List?
What was Luther's plan when he killed Cyrus in The Warriors?
What exactly is shown on the pagers carried around in House MD or Scrubs?
Are anomaly sequences in Animatrix: Beyond and Thor 2: The Dark World both paying homage to something?
What does the sailing ship seen at the end of Maïna symbolise?
Did Andrew report Fletcher for being an abusive teacher?
Did Eleanor tell Vane about the tunnels beneath the fort?
Late '70s/early '80s comedy movie with adult-themed sketches
Roughly how old was L?
What was the significance of whole movie being black and white and one scene being colored in Schindler's list?
Are the Puppy Bowl puppies trained to play the game?
What does "Ex Machina" mean?
Why did the Ghostbusters go with Louis Tully as their lawyer?
Why did Harlee burn her arm when Wozniak was about to polygraph her in the 2nd episode of Shades of Blue?
How did Hannibal become the type of cannibal he is?
Did Helen know the truth at the end of Enemy?
Why would Marsellus forgive Butch in Pulp Fiction?
What is the reason Jenny left Forrest without telling him after sleeping with him?
Why does Felix Leiter introduce himself to Bond, who should already know him?
What was Paul trying to achieve by lying to his wife in the final episode of the first season?
Why are brand names in Hindi TV series censored?
What is the real Yoda language?
Why don't wizards teleport more?
Does Adrien Brody's Character in "Restaurant" (1998) Use the N-Word?
How does Joel know where to meet Clementine?
What does Gray Matter specialize in?
Why are films where the bad guy "wins" at the end so rare?
How far did Watney drive to get to the Pathfinder in "The Martian"?
Why does Bilbo Baggins decide to go with the dwarves in "The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey"
Who is the second guard?
Why is Evey's name so fitting to V?
A confusing psychological thriller movie with two leading actresses, among one is a Hollywood actress or a wannabe actress
How much of what the second couple said was planned, and how much was improvised?
Is it realistic that the guy that falls down in the Raptors cage survived?
Why are there such large gaps in the Star Wars release timelines?
2000's horror movie involving parasites that infect bodies and violently burst out after some time (I think they burst out of the stomach)
Is there a coincidence between actor Jake not visiting the agency in 6 months and his wife being 6 months pregnant?
Was Kraznys mo Nakloz naive to hand over the Unsullied to Daenerys?
How does the medpod perform the abortion correctly if it is configured for male use?
Universal Soldier franchise: order of watching the sequels
Why is the base of Snoopy's dog house hidden when it flies?
How did John's dead wife appear and phone John in "The Mothman Prophecies"?
Why wasn't District 12 punished during the 75th Reaping?
How exactly did Seneca Crane die?
Was the twist for the 75th Hunger Games predetermined?
Why was there a painting of Rue?
Significance of Charlie's tattoo in the Lost series
Is this a genre, a plot template or something else?
What "promise" does Coop make to Murph?
When did Iron Man's front plate change?
Why is Ant-Man considered part of the MCU?
What are the 7 cuts made in the Indian version of Deadpool?
Asian romantic movie, with a woman dating two men who appear to be the same man until the film's end
Technology brain implant movie
Why is Snow a 'President' in the Hunger Games?
Why does Joel get beaten by Freddy in Eternal Sunshine?
Is it necessary to watch all the James Bond movies before Casino Royale to understand James Bond movies from 2006 onwards?
What was the Korean guy up to in Crash?
Did anyone understand the ending of "Zodiac"?
What kind of revolver did Tuco have?
Identify a movie/tv show where aliens look human but speak by croaking
Where does Deadpool fall in the X-Men timeline?
Why does everyone hate Toby so much?
Comedy in which people die and wait for clerks to review their lives
Does "steal the bread from the weak little boy" refer to any 80's movie/TV show?
How long did Rose and Jack know each other for?
How old is Squidward in Spongebob Squarepants?
Why does Harry Potter 6 look like it does?
Why can't Iron Man travel to outer space?
What were all the references in Deadpool?
Top-billed actor with the least screen time
How many children did Andrew Laeddis have?
What does the title "The Fault in Our Stars" signify?
Why did Alan name the baby Carlos?
How many Batmans have existed in TV and movies?
"Maximum Effort" Catchphrase significance?
Does time travel in the 12 Monkeys TV show work differently than in the movie?
Asian High School Drama with arrogant boy and poor girl
Why does Wolverine drink alcohol?
Deadpool uncensored in Sweden?
Explanation for the "puffy vagina" line/joke?
Did Oscar's date deceive Emily in an episode of The Odd Couple?
What's the time frame that passes in Season 1 of The 100?
What did Q's hint that a watch tells time tell James but not me?
What is the first movie to repeat the same sequence multiple times with different camera angles?
Why is the lens eye of Deadshot reversed in Suicide Squad?
Did Mork and Mindy scripts really mark the gaps for Robin Williams's ad-libs?
Why is there a tape with "Vesper" on it in Mr. White's room at the hotel?
List of languages spoken in "Vikings" TV series
Disney princess cross overs in Sofia the First
Is Blue Bloods based off of a real family?
1990s/early 2000s movie about wizards on an island in a lake
What is the significance of Katana Swords being the weapon for Deadpool?
Movie where various people gain powers such as seeing the future and healing diseases
What is the significance of the Blacklist numbers?
Was The Decembrist always on the Blacklist?
Why was Reddington looking for the girl?
Did people die because of Doug wanting to climb to the top?
Why are there three different actors playing Gregor Clegane?
Does Dr. Chase really come up with more correct diagnoses than anyone else?
Apple products in movies
Which language is spoken by the Parisians in Vikings?
Galaxy Quest a parody of Sci-Fi/Star Trek only or specific actors too
Is Senator Morra on NZT or not?
How does one interpret the plot wrap-up of Beasts of No Nation?
Which movie is this supposed 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind' quote really from?
NYC Police Codes in Blue Bloods 10-13?
Comedy where a guy glues a dog to his hand while hiding in closet
Is King Lines really/still the best selling climbing movie of all time?
Wouldn't Julie go to jail as well?
Movie about a strange man in a jail-cell who shoots himself in the mouth
Did Kwenthrith have all of the drinks poisoned in Season 3 episode 4?
What was the budget for "Fay Grim"?
Why can't Mike practice law without a degree
Is Gemma Teller afraid of repurcussions?
Why is Deadpool named Deadpool?
How did John Teller actually die?
Clay's Leadership - Was he right?
Connection of the polar bear from comic book to the real polar bear in Lost?
Why did Colin Farrell hook up with that psycho chick?
Is Indy's line about Pancho Villa a reference to The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles?
Explanation for the final scene of The Machinist
What happens to Travis' daughter?
Drawing room romance parody in "Hail, Caesar!"
What did the German street thugs say to Donovan when they stole his coat?
How did Jesus steal the car keys?
Which of Deadpool's origin is actual?
Why does Ann get offended when Carl asks her if she's size four?
What is the moral about 'The pit' in Batman?
Why do the main characters in The Mentalist call each other by their last name only?
What happened to Shirley's children in Dear Zachary?
Meaning of these signs in "Switch Hitter"
Tim Roth acting in The Hateful Eight
Why didn't Locke realize his feet do not feel anything?
Is the trial at the end of S11E07 a reference to a previous episode?
How are WWE shows written in such a short amount of time?
What happens to Jen when she jumps off the cliff?
Do actors get paid more for sexual/explicit scenes?
What happened to Sophie and her family in "Hanna"
Pre-2006 movie/series about a kidnapping with a character possibly named China
Does Deadpool age?
Why doesn't Deadpool's healing ability heal his skin?
Where do angels go when they die?
What happened to Angel Dust at the end?
Was there a language shift in Oldboy (2003)?
The most roles played by the same actor in a movie?
Is True Detective (S2) based on "The Big Nowhere"?
Why does Kim call the police?
What is the significance of floor 7 1/2?
Is there alternate versions of What's Your Raashee?
What happened to the money?
What is the difference between the ending of the novel Kimball Ravenswood and the movie 'What's Your Raashee?'?
How realistic was the communication between the troglodytes?
Who or what could be considered a MacGuffin in The Hateful Eight?
Why does Lost have an unequal number of episodes among all seasons?
Was Hercule Poirot always religious?
Why did Curtis say he had no money?
What happened to the twins?
Do "Arrow" and "The Flash" share sets?
What is Judy's and Nick's relationship?
What was the mechanic noise behind the Black Smoke Monster in Lost?
Why does Maximus refuse the sword from Cicero?
How much distance did the magic carpet ride cover?
What really happened at the end of "The Talented Mr Ripley"?
Would Devasena belong to the Kunthala Kingdom in Baahubali The Beginning?
What is the whistling in the restroom about in "My Name is Nobody"?
Are they going to reveal how the virus spread and who made it?
Population always increases in The 100 in respect to the Grounders
What is the exact moral about the movie Three colors Blue?
In Duke of Burgundy, what did the psychedelic montage mean?
What is meant by "There Will Be Blood"?
Why doesn't Rip deal with his own loss instead of going on a complex mission?
Why is Raymond K. Hessel an Asian man with an accent in Fight Club?
What is the significance of the Vichy Water scene at the end of Casablanca?
How much time elapsed?
Was Venus actually in the desert?
How were some gods brought back to life?
How did Joey & Chandler's Chick and Duck die?
Jack and Chrissy reference in Friends by Chandler
What is the significance of the Paris back story?
Is Bones a vegetarian or not?
Did Capote really care about Perry Smith?
How did Hugo not lose weight while on the island?
Why does Phoebe call Precious Susie?
What does Inspector Bucket's new case at the end of Dickensian signify?
Location of the scene with the river and waterfall: is the waterfall a joining of two streams?
Why does Rapunzel flip an atlas book with Eugene in the middle of the dance montage?
What are the triangles around Kermit's neck?
The recording being played in Pawn Sacrifice while Jefferson Airplane's "White Rabbit" plays
Looking for an old tv show featuring tiny caricature red haired boy with human blond girl
Where did The Big Lebowski's briefcase end up?
Was Michael Keaton's portrayal of Dogberry meant to be an homage to Monty Python?
What happened to the cut 44 minutes of The Magnificent Ambersons?
Question about Sicario interrogation scene
How could Sherlock find the kids in the Reichenbach Fall using the foot prints?
How strong are Jessica and Luke?
How were Die Entrechteten able to track down Jacob Phelps and the Major?
Bert and Ernie reference in Friends
Why was Walter White acting so strangely with the tequila during his remission party?
Did The Revenant movie team kill animals for the movie?
Was there a reason that Raoul Duke and Dr. Gonzo had so much soap in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas?
Looking for a movie in which a cheating husband was assaulted in a hotel with the other woman
Did someone arrange rocks in a U shape?
Has The Academy ever addressed the issue with acting categories being gender separated?
Ending of "Strangers On A Train"
How much of the film Baahubali: The Beginning is inspired from actual history of India?
How does Rocket know all those things about Lil Zé?
Various releases of Punisher: War Zone
Who is the Bond Girl in Skyfall?
Why does Reid carry a revolver?
In "Hail Caesar," how does Mannix figure out who kidnapped Baird Whitlock
Black guy dies first cliche
Where does an Oscar winner go when they leave stage after accepting their award?
How many nationalities has Christopher Lee portrayed?
S07E17 of Adventure time, all food is alive. Why and what is a message?
At what point is the orchestra told who the Academy Award winner will be?
Why did Robby not follow up on the article about the priests?
The most actors playing the same role in one movie?
Why is the movie called Tangerine?
Can Deadpool's looks still be restored?
What does the doctor mean by "plastic" in Room?
“Buddy cop show” without two cops?
What was the reason Owen Chase did not kill the gigantic whale?
Where do non-binary people fall for the gender specific awards in the Oscars?
What is the point of the Red Thread/Tape around evidence or newspaper clippings?
Miniseries where a man and woman investigate supernatural happenings in a small town
Power of the Sand Snake girls
The dark one appearance
Did the Gang, including Fat Moe, know that Noodles raped Deborah?
Did Chumhum drop Florrick-Agos as their law firm in "The Debate"? If so, how does "Dark Money" make sense?
90s TV show about paranormal cases with host with a ponytail
What exactly is the stuff in the middle of the Stargate?
Why didn't the Basilisk's bite destroy the Horcrux?
What is the material of Captain America's shield?
Are the Night's Watch Crows and the Stark Wolves supposed to imply a "wolf-bird" relationship?
What is the longest running TV role for a child actor?
Is Blofeld in previous James Bond movies same as in Spectre
Did Doc Brown always know that Marty would end up travelling back to 1955?
What is the meaning of the phrase 'sometimes the bar eats you' in The Big Lebowski?
Is there a criterion to differentiate "thriller" from "horror"?
Inspiration for the Newsroom?
Major twist in The Winds of Winter which is not possible in HBO's Game of Thrones?
How is Ace able to have the Tangier's eye in the sky cameras at home?
Name this TV show with a fat policeman with beret
Movie where people play games of chance in a world where luck can be captured, bought, sold, and gambled
Why are Remy Danton and Jackie Sharp keeping their relationship a secret?
Why can John Murphy see A.L.I.E.?
Why was this character not wearing a bullet proof vest in House of Cards Season 4?
What is it called when a movie breaks the illusion of fantasy?
What is Vern's role at the recovery house?
Why did they keep repeating the same conversation?
What kind of box does Sonny close in the "It's not personal, Sonny. It's strictly business." scene?
In the movie Predator, are the characters Mac and Blain gay?
Did Emily herself remove the memories she couldn’t remember in World of Tomorrow?
Why didn't Shannon heal?
Question about the ending of "Room"
What is the significance of this Spanish speech in Deadpool?
Movie where there is a chase with the camera attached in the front of the car
Why did the cops shoot Danny even though he stopped pointing the gun at them?
How did Kate's husband not find out that his wife was a fugitive?
Why does Kylo Ren wear a mask?
Who was the main lead in the movie Spotlight?
Why look and shake your gun after ammo runs out?
What happened to the Kuwaiti woman after evacuation in Airlift?
Why does 13 Hours look like it's been filmed with a camcorder at times?
Civil war soldier appearing in Frank Underwood's hallucination
Movie where street becomes a mirror world with copies of people?
Why did Zootopia change newscasters based on country?
Why was the cocoon scene edited out of Alien?
Why were they covered in ice/snow the first time through the portal in SG1?
What's stopping the Tonnerre family from taking over the Suoh company?
What exactly did Dominique say to Karol at the end of "Three Colors White"?
Who makes the super hero costumes?
Would the helicopter sacrifice scene from London Has Fallen actually happen?
President exits under a canopy, The West Wing, House of Cards?
How did Michael move Scylla so easily?
Why do freight trains never stop after smashing through something on the tracks?
Connection between Jar Jar Binks and the film "Alice"?
How realistic is the depiction of court proceedings in Law & Order?
What's the background story with Joe Buck and Annie?
Is the Devil William?
Why was Tyler's hair cut?
Artificial intelligence movies between 1927 and 1968
Can a B-movie movie get promoted due to high rating from audience?
Is there a measure for movie realism?
Why did Hermes leave immediately?
What was the reason for Freddy's outburst?
How do actors memorize extremely long scripts?
What is the "child" in Season 4?
Explanation on the ending of "End Game"
What is the significance of the title "The painted veil"?
Why didn't Lou hide from the gangster in the climax of "Nightcrawler"?
How do actors avoid looking into the camera?
How do filmmakers avoid offending actors when casting?
What is the significance of cats in "Belle de Jour"?
What would happen if a show would remove its disclaimer?
Navy acronyms in "Flight of the Intruder"
Does Tony Stark urinate or poop in the Iron Man suit?
Relationship between “Mr. Orange” and “Mr. White” in "Reservoir Dogs"?
Why did Allanon want to live and changed his mind all of a sudden to die?
Was the little girl at Lerner Airfield real?
What is Mr. Bean's full name?
Most direct family members in a film?
What is the relation between Jim and Richard?
Cop chasing thief silent film trope
Why did Caleb try to get Nathan drunk the second time?
What is the Federation's policy on attempted murder?
In one episode of this cartoon series some copying slime appeared with a real creepy scene
What does the ending of The Beach mean?
What is Howard's psychological history that made him crazy?
How much time passes in Scarface?
Why is S01 E09 of "Colony" called "Zero Day"?
Why do the characters in The Big Short talk directly to camera?
First movie with multiple personality disorder?
Why is Stephens in the cell with the Joker in The Dark Knight?
Why was this worse?
Why does Tyler Durden leave the Narrator taking his suitcase?
Was the intense breathing of Mr Glass done on purpose in The Revenant or as filler?
"Sex" sci-fi TV show from the 90s about a girl in her spaceship
Whatever happened to CWI?
Why isn't Jane Doe's face covered in tattoos?
What is the reason behind the multiple Spider-Man reboots?
Why are there two Phils?
Movie where a woman paints portraits of a man she sees in her dreams
Did Jabba the Hutt force himself on the captured Leia?
Is Ultron dead in the end of the Avengers 2?
Why do movies in theaters not have recaps?
Who came up with the "death trap" concept?
To whom did the bifocals belong to in the movie Chinatown?
What was Amberle Elessedil holding if she is the seed herself?
What happened to the first actor to play Dan?
Was Wil not the chosen one(/druid) to kill the Dagda Mor?
Why are the soldiers and Alice not affected by the t-Virus in the air?
Has Hypnotoad ever been shown to hypnotize robots?
How does Alice kill the security guard just by looking at the security camera at the end of the Resident Evil Apocalypse?
What is Bone Tomahawk based on?
Use of NASA signage in the Martian?
Did the weasels really die?
What do the owls have to do with the events of Twin Peaks?
Why does Spence cause the infection of the Hive in Resident Evil?
Students find a book with rituals and drawn to another world
What is the real name of the Resident Evil character "K-Mart"?
What happened to Buddy (Jack Black's character) in Community?
Final few minutes of Spectre
How old is Mike's granddaughter?
What is the entire last lyric of Plankton's FUN song?
Meaning of the troubled parent theme in Lost
How do they make tattoos in movies?
What does 7c mean in this poster?
Languages used in 'Embrace of the Serpent'
What's in it for Tamaki?
what is this egyptian-themed scary movie from the 80s?
Full speech in Finding Forrester
Vito killing Don Fanucci
Does Finn know the ways of The Force?
Why didn't Rudy Cooper reveal the true nature of Dexter to Debra in Dexter Season 1?
Did Jessica Jones err by not getting medical help for this character?
Is Lady Galadriel really stronger than the Ring?
Why doesn't the Mosasaurus attack the audience since we know it can reach them?
Who is responsible for sabotaging the car?
Why doesn't Barris not care to save Luckman?
Did John Locke have a mental condition?
Why did the Seven Potters fly instead of apparating?
Was Quaid's dream planted?
Why was Egon underneath Janine's desk?
What is the meaning of "Trainwreck" title?
Can alcohol be used during filming to strengthen an actor's performance?
What was the reason for Doug Stamper's final decision about Rachel?
What did Frank and Claire realize after watching Governor Conway's video?
What was the reason for the Night Watch men's treatment of Jon Snow?
What is the source of Dr. Dolittle's ability to talk to animals?
In the 1967 film version of Doctor Dolittle, what is the source of his ability to speak to animals?
Giant baby scene cut out of Benjamin Button?
Why isn't Olaf the one that made an act of true love for Anna?
Did any contestant ever win the final round on the Africa map of Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego?
What powers the helicarrier in The Avengers?
What happened to the safe maker?
In Crimson Peak, why did Thomas Sharpe fall in love with Edith Cushing?
What was the red stuff Thomas was helping to dig?
Do they really crash super cars in action movies?
How did the walkers enter the prison later?
Why is Jeor Mormont on the Wall?
Is this depiction of fatal brain trauma realistic?
Why would Russians have perfect spoken grammar and yet terrible accent in Hollywood movies?
Hollywood movie that took longest to create
Are Dylan and the Four Horsemen still wanted criminals?
Why not use nanomachines to reprogram Pops?
Does Poltergeist (2015) have any connection with the original Poltergeist series?
Why did Jack cry when Ma tried to explain about the world?
What is the adequate naming treatment when a film's director comes out as transgender?
Why did James Donovan not stay at the Hilton in Bridge of Spies?
When did the Tigress action figure change hands?
How can Korra (and how could Aang) go into the Avatar State?
Legends of tomorrow quote, what is it from?
Are premium channels censored in visuals or in words used?
What is the first movie where the audience believes a dream sequence is reality until the character wakes up?
Why does Moriarty owe Sherlock a fall?
Why was there such a long gap between the parts of the "Before" Series?
What is the purpose of taxi-cabs and buses in Pixar’s 'Cars 2' movie?
In what order should I watch The planet of the Apes franchise?
How did they know about the ship/items in the badlands in another time-line?
Did Ned Flanders murder anyone?
Why not teleport instead of taking a transport?
What is the connection between the first and second parts of Full Metal Jacket?
Why didn't Lucifer save the priest?
Did Billy Bob Thornton really use crushed glass in his shoes in Sling Blade?
Did 9/11 occur in the House of Cards universe?
Are "The Girl Who Died" and "The Woman Who Lived" two parts of a single story?
Why did the Arikara spare Glass?
Why is Batman's name placed before Superman's in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice?
What happens to the embryos in Jurassic Park?
Can cars in the Pixar Cars universe be immortal?
Are there any large aquatic mammals in Zootopia?
Did Larry Barese turn rat?
What does Paul Avery tell the coffee guy after the coffee guy calls him a "drunken reprobate"?
Are films required to show title?
Is the choice of a faction destined or a choice?
Why ghost of Eleanor Reigns tries to kill Max's father in Mirrors 2
What is the meaning of the bell in The Family Man?
How did Stannis Baratheon survive the Battle of Blackwater?
By what names are the walking dead known?
Laughter in Comedic TV Shows
Hollywood actors whose voice is always substituted?
Why doesn't Redridge kill Eli at the end of the first shootout?
How does Central City PD jail metahumans?
Brad Pitt's weapon in Fury
How long does the President have to claim him?
Were Tina Fey and John Cena "digitally enhanced" in Sisters (2015)?
Is the scene from Rush where Niki Lauda meets his future wife really the way it happened?
Which serial killer is noted to have the most kills in movie & TV history?
How are surgery scenes shot in TV/Film?
Why was the Elder Wand destroyed rather than returned to Dumbledore's tomb?
Why did iZombie add gourmet cooking shots in the second season?
Why was there light emanating from Batman's suit?
What movie is this set from?
Why do Mr & Mrs. Eakin receive a message from Lacuna that Clementine erased her memory in Eternal Sunshine?
Has the name "White Portuguese" a deeper meaning?
Did the GOT scriptwriter change in Season 5?
Why only 48 Stars?
Can you really drink from Root Beer Barrels?
Were the 30 Rock Live episodes shot at 30 Rock?
Camera recording time paradox
Why did he say "You are right about him" to Batman?
Was it actually possible to change past in Time Lapse?
Why does Superman not see the Kryptonite?
How does Superman know Batman is Bruce Wayne
Why are characters not protecting their body?
Where was this scene from The Revenant filmed?
How is Steve McGarett of "Five-O" able to be a civilian police officer if he is in the military as well?
When someone is shown via a photograph/prop, but they don't do any acting, how are they credited?
When exactly did Oceanic 815 passengers die?
Las Vegas power outage shown in Ocean's Eleven
How does the Bacon number work exactly?
Is it necessary to watch "The X-Files" Movie before Season 6?
Was the Iron Man scene in The Martian realistic?
What class of weapon is a flame thrower?
Why do they sing Nirvana in Pan?
Why all actors look to the camera at the same time in first chapter of fuller house?
Who are the other three superheroes in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice?
Why did Superman risk his life in the final fight?
Why did the tribespeople suddenly leave Papillon?
'Tony Stonem' type in classical literature
Why do we never get to see Rex's face in Killer Joe?
Adventure 80s movie: Guy rescues his fiance from a teleporting castle
Twin Peaks - Ending explanation (Spoiler Alert)
Do Batman Begins and Batman vs Superman have different origin timelines for Bruce Wayne?
Why doesn't James McGill join a different law firm?
What is this thing that brings Nicky back to life?
What makes the difference between Zod's and Superman's regenerative abilities?
How does Batman know that Clark is Superman?
Who is worthy to wield Mjolnir?
What was the ending of Batman v. Superman about?
Who was the man in the Wayne building?
Wasn't the Dark Knight against killing criminals?
Who really designed The Lake House and under what considerations?
How do they film new born babies?
Jess missing from episodes of New Girl, Season 5
How did Catwoman know where Bane was?
In the title "Saving Private Ryan" What is the significance of the word "Private"?
Why do they develop this DIY Lucy device and not use something available?
Why does the Batmobile have RPG?
Horse jumping off the cliff scene from 'The Revenant'
How was the underwater scene shot in Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation?
Why did Uncle Jesse's last name change?
How accurate is the plot in Netflix's show 'Orange is the New Black'?
What's with the Wessen head shake?
What traits do theater actors have?
Thriller/Horror movie about girl who moves in with couple
Why does Emily Taylor still need medication at the end of the movie?
Did they use the real Farnsworth House for filming?
Origin of Saul Goodman's Name
True identity of Wonder Woman
How was the Burj Khalifa scene shot in Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol?
Why was John Locke given choice to select an object by Richard in Lost S04E11?
Why do some characters call the Machine "she"?
Does Sheldon Cooper have Asperger's Syndrome?
Is Na'vi language from Avatar based on any known language?
Is there a specific flag that should be raised when filming a boat scene with a pirate flag flying?
Why doesn't Lucifer show Decker & Linda that he's the real devil?
What is the significance of "6,741", the title of an upcoming episode in the fifth season of Person of Interest?
Do actors performing stunts have to take substance test?
How much time has passed since the beginning of the "Hot Lava" game?
Why is Central Time an hour behind? (9 E / 8 C)
Bieber Roast Jokes
Why motorbike sounds are never real?
First movie where the Bald Eagle's cry is dubbed as Red-Tailed Hawk cry?
Sparrow/Turner/Norrington fight in the "wheel" - does it represents some kind of "turning plot"?
Why did Tommen recuse himself?
Who was the Mountain crushing?
What does Bruce sing in the hallway?
Why is Jack frost dressed in a hoodie?
When does the last victim die
Why does Indiana Jones not fall when he grabs the wrong letters in The Last Crusade?
Why are the Unsullied castrated?
A young boy with telekinetic abilities
Is the title 'The Walking Dead' referring to the main characters of the series?
Movie or TV show from 70's or 80's about a (Russian?) scientist? with brain replaced by a computer
What was the budget for the film "Hitchcock"?
Is "Greek School" really a thing as portrayed in "My Big Fat Greek Wedding"
Why was that guy sprayed and what was he sprayed with?
How did Lois Lane know that she has to bring back the spear?
Where did the jet engine come from in the movie Donnie Darko?
Meaning of the pink soap bar in Fight Club
Do we know who died in the season 6 finale of The Walking Dead?
Banana peel trope: where does it come from?
Why can we hear Lisa's bracelets?
Who is the highest-grossing female director?
Do certain brands have sponsorship agreeements in place on Teen Mom 2?
Why are easter eggs put in a movie?
Has there been any desire to adapt the post-Fleming James Bond novels?
Will and Sarah's connection
Why does Phoebe always use the fake name Regina Phalange?
Any significance to watching The Originals for understanding The Vampire Diaries and if yes then in which order?
Is there any reason for the absence of Walt in Lost?
Songs overlap in the Jungle Book
Did DC officials ever acknowledge the term "Arrowverse" for their canon universe?
First example of "ringing in ears" sound design?
Significance of small wine glass
Mars descent vehicle
Movie set in scotland or somewhere up north
Is this scene from Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. essentially a realistic depiction of filming a fight scene?
Movie similar to "Fargo" where the protagonist tries to act like a thug but is just a pathetic loser
Why did Deborah not let Noodles back in
Character deaths in The Walking Dead show vs comic
Has the MPAA ever allowed full-frontal nudity in a PG-rated movie?
Is the Batpod an electric vehicle?
Are TIE fighters significantly better than X-Wing fighters?
Zombie movie with evolving zombies - ability to run & speak
What was the first movie entirely shot from a first person POV?
Why do some opening credits alternate the name of the starring role?
How come Harry didn't recognize the Half-Blood Prince's handwriting?
What is the meaning of Jacob's line, "What about you?"
How was Flash able to reverse the colour of Reverse-Flash's costume?
Why did R2-D2 have to download plans for the Death Star, if Vader thought that the crew intercepted them?
What happens to complex movie set decorations?
Ending of Venus in Fur movie
Who did Finnick marry in the final Hunger Games movie?
Was Matt Dillon the first choice for Carl?
How did Dr. Brand decelerate when reaching Edmunds' Planet?
Hitman falls in love, woman likely not target, maybe met in blind date
Movie about a man in Germany who is in legal trouble
Did EXOTICA use sign language?
How did Monica Geller maintain her "skinny" weight after losing all that weight?
Why are screeners released in DVD format instead of Blu-ray?
Why did she kill the donkey?
Who was ruling Duloc after end of Shrek?
Why did Freya suddenly get so agitated during her speech?
Where do the timelines of X-Men: The Last Stand and X-Men: Days of Future Past lie exactly?
Who actually lives in Tomorrowland?
Is Supergirl from Earth-1 or Earth-2?
Who became president? Leslie or Ben?
What's wrong with fitting room two?
How come Anakin Skywalker is too old to train in Jedi way and Luke gets a free pass?
When a TV commercial shows for a split second then cuts off, what is happening?
Is the Supergirl/Flash crossover understandable enough without watching the whole first season of Supergirl?
Lou Diamond Phillips' first movie?
When did Sirius Black give Harry the mirror that he has during his stay in the Forest of Dean?
Why does J. Jonah Jameson call Peter Parker "Atticus"?
Why did Remy demand the speeding ticket?
How did Kryptonite come to earth?
What happens with Zach's disabled father? Where did he stay in the end?
How old is Dottie Smith?
What is the significance of the title "Agora"?
Why didn't Non use Superman to do his bidding?
Why Bobbi and Hunter can no longer work for S.H.I.E.L.D.?
How is it that all the years have passed and the children of the corn still look the same age?
How accurate are the real life references to advertising campaigns in Mad Men
How was Deke Simmons married to Mimi Corcoran
What were General Ross and Tony Stark talking about at the end of The Incredible Hulk?
Arnold Schwarzenegger and The Mentalist connection
Why do the dolls attack everyone on the LOCUS SOLUS ship?
Where was the money transferred to in The Night Manager?
Why does Alice lie to Zoe?
Is Director Vance actually another person?
Do the teams in The Amazing Race already know which countries they will be visiting prior to the production?
Hand drawings in "A Walk Among the Tombstones"
Do film industries outside India use intervals/Intermission?
Connection between Sweeney Todd and Edward Scissorhands
When movie or show script gets stolen long into filming
Help me understand the timeline of the Cohen Family, specifically, when did they marry and have Seth?
Who was behind the bombings in Brazil?
Why does Zampa take the blame for Pierre Michel's murder?
Did Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman do the singing in Moulin Rouge?
What were Egon and Ray working on at the university?
Who is the actress who plays the adorable girl who welcomes Sol into the suicide/euthanasia clinic?
Quality difference between HD video and 35mm film
Do actors actually get to film in POV movies?
Why is the name 'Batman' avoided in the Dawn of Justice?
What does X mean in American History X?
Where is Prince Charming?
If Firefly's Mal Reynolds is a sergeant why does Zoe call him "Sir"?
Ending of "Under Suspicion"
What happened to the journal in the Butterfly Effect?
Why is the bald man digging in the desert at the start of Star Trek V: The Final Frontier?
Has the length of action scenes changed over time?
What is this piece of land?
Who is "we" in Franks' monologue?
What is the difference between 'sponsored by' and 'presented by'?
how did Detective Keith Frazier & Detective Bill interrogate hostages?
Why didn't Graff or Rackham lead the Second Fleet?
Why did humans want to solve the gravity equation?
Is this scene a homage to The Jerk?
Can anyone explain this reference with Jeremy Piven?
What is Stef doing in the opening credits of Goonies?
Is Neo living in two worlds inside the Matrix?
Why does the Puppet Master want to merge with Major?
Why does Mr. Hinx go to Mr. White's house even when Spectre already knew he is dead?
When the trailer for a movie is released, how far along is it in development?
Why do the DeLorean's effects not always start at 88 mph?
What was so scandalous about "Nightmare Alley" (1947)?
Why is the film called "Saving Mr. Banks"?
What is the meaning of children playing with sun rays in Le Meraviglie?
Why does The Magicians include so much un-airable dialogue?
Why didn't Jimmy get the permission to air his commercial?
Why wasn't Anubis present on the day Horus got crowned?
Why was Anubis always shown in 'animal form'?
How did the lead character in predestination movie get born for the first time?
Why didn't Wilford use the back of the train just as a breeding camp?
Why didn't Hundred Eyes assassinate Jia Sidao in their first encounter?
Why did Michael Corleone fail where his father succeeded?
How many adaptations of his books has John le Carre appeared in?
Why couldn't the black smoke fly away from the island?
What condition did Walter Mitty have?
What happened to other characters from previous movies of Jurassic Park in Jurassic World
Identifying a post-apocalyptic movie, perhaps about a world with no women, containing a memorable scene
Was the nun really the mother?
What is the device Barry (The Flash) has on his chest in the Supergirl crossover?
What is the Film Partnership in Britain?
What was the first tv show that successfully continued after losing a co-star from an established pair of characters?
Identify foreign film about a young boy and girl, and an ogre in a forest
Is the movie Bridge of Spies really based on real event?
Why do TV series creators prefer to remove characters rather than recast them?
Is there any reason why mostly technology deprived planets are pictured in the Star Wars movies?
Why does the old woman in the film The Survivalist die?
How old is grandma in My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2?
In the end of Gattaca, Dr. Lamar calls Vincent by his true name. How did he know Vincent's name?
Roman Mysteries: differences between books and TV adaptation?
Were gladiators forced to fight in historical reenactments, as they did in "Gladiator"?
How does Clara's name get on Doc's tombstone in 1885?
How did they film the motorcycle jump in Point Break (2015)?
Why did Flash completely avoid mentioning Supergirl?
How much of Jungle Book (2016) is CGI?
Did Sean Gullette actually trepan himself in Pi (1998)?
What were the words used by Frasier and Niles Crane as a synonym for conundrum?
Why doesn't Mike Ross have a profile in Sheila's documents when he already went to Harvard?
Why doesn't the Flash have lightning fast reactions?
Why does a character talk to the back of another character?
Why do punches sound like a "slap" in older movies?
Has the denouement of Limitless been retconned?
Why did touching Carpet not collapse the cave?
In Pee-Wee's Big Adventure, Did Pee-Wee Use the Boomerang Bow-Tie?
Where was Rhonda's/AF709's off switch?
Why didn't Zoom killing his time remnant affect his present self?
Frame rates of early movies
Different Wally West?
Why didn't Tommen rescue those arrested in Season 5?
When sending the picture, how did Jesse know Walt put his money in a black barrel?
Help identifying TV show/movie with disabled kid and angry father
Is there any hidden significance to the song at the end o S06E09?
Why doesn't Gibbs lock his house?
Why didn't Batman go for Bane's mask sooner?
Requirements to join the Wights (The Army of the Dead)
Is Long Beach Poly in same league as De La Salle?
What is the root cause of the animosity between the Night's Watch and The Free Folk?
How did Carl survive the eyeshot?
Did McDonald's bankroll The Founder?
What does the quote "Hasta lasagna" mean in Mission Impossible I?
How does Sheldon go to hospital even when he used to decline to go there?
On what basis was Milkin's transfer possible?
Why do Ragnar Lothbrok's men carry their own banners?
What happened to the dogs when Brienne came?
How Did Obara Sand manage this?
In-universe, how do Blackbeard and the other pirates know the song "Smells Like Teen Spirit"?
Why does Sherlock hate his father so much in Elementary?
Why does Wolverine have metal claws in X-men Apocalypse?
What is this wax seal used by Eddard Stark in "You Win or You Die"?
Why did Melisandre appear like this in S06E01?
Control the past, control the future in a different time-stream?
Can you explain the true identity of Murph's ghost?
How and when did David kill Mr. Peterson's boss?
Who is Lucifer's mother in the eponymous TV-show?
Why did no one help Arya?
Has 'Orange is the New Black' changed in season 3?
Why did Amenadiel almost die?
Motivation of the murderer in Season 3
Why did Wilfred Mott remember the nightmares when the entire human race forgets them?
Purpose of Davos protecting Jon Snow?
Why is the dialogue in Game of Thrones more "modern"?
"Fland Canyon" and Maude
Why and to which extent was The Night Manager recut for international release?
In Breaking Bad season one, A No-Rough-Stuff-Type Deal, why don't they roll the barrels?
Who made Falcon/Sam Wilson's suit?
What happened to Loki's scepter?
Who made Captain America's shield and where did the Vibranium come from?
What were those "mud-pots" for in S01E01?
Why couldn't "Doctor Strange" cast a Chinese actress for the Ancient One, but make the character non-Tibetan?
Do movie stars need regular teeth whitening?
A movie in which aliens attack the Earth and destroy it, and then replace it with a new Earth
Why didn't Shere khan attack Mowgli before the truce period
Why does Hermione not get any kind of punishment for casting magic outside Hogwarts?
How does the Flash have powers on Arrow S04E19?
A 50s/60s Horror B-Movie with a wobbly-spiked monster
In episode 10 season 1 of Mad Men, how did Pete find out that Roger was in the hospital?
Why does the 3D movie I just watched stutter?
Is "White Men Can't Jump" a dream?
Who shot Lester Burnham in "American Beauty" (1999)?
What was Cotton Hill's job in the military?
Goosebumps movie potential plot error
What exactly does "heda" mean?
Woman in red from The 100 connection to Matrix
Why did the War Boys give Max a haircut and shave?
How does Reiner's girlfriend Malkina profit from the hijacking in The Counselor?
What were the suits in the pack of cards used in Sherlock Holmes Game of Shadows
Does Davos in season 6 know what happened to Shireen in season 5?
What are these cartridges that many characters have in the Star Wars movies?
Balon Greyjoy's assessment of the War of the Five Kings
How do they make bloodshot eyes in movies?
Why did Tommen stop Cersei from attending the funeral?
Why did Captain America remove his mask while fighting Batroc the Leaper?
Why do TV shows use multiple directors and screenwriters?
Did the Waif possibly turn into Jaqen after attacking Arya?
Loophole in the Night's Watch oath?
Why did Vera beg for her life?
Would this character still have to be loyal to the Night's Watch?
How long was that Runway?
Why are there no guns in Alien³?
What does the title "Reservoir Dogs" mean?
Why didn't the Dornish prince go with Jaime Lannister on the boat to King's Landing?
Why does Dr. Cal Lightman walk with his back and neck bent front and spreading his shoulder on the sides?
Why was Ivy concerned with wiping the mud off of her yellow cloak?
Explanation of Bruce/Batman's nightmares?
Why did they “kill” this major character in The Blacklist?
Where exactly was Trystane Martell in "Red Woman"?
What really happened in the chemistry lab?
Why doesn't anyone find out the masked man's identity in The Flash
How can agent J be a member of MIB when K was killed by Boris
What is written on the mini-bus?
What is the most commercially successful movie adaption of a video game?
Any James Bond films that used a Ford Mustang?
Why are movie scenes shot with green background?
How does the invisible boy remain in the real world in the movie Goosebumps?
Why does Ser Davos stare at the blood stain?
What is the best order to watch Batman animated movies?
How did Joy escape?
Why did Kaa attack Mowgli?
How did they survive the jump?
Why does Bruce became angry at Niagara Falls?
Chaotic Animation: Legion summoned by Prince Mudeenu
Why was Hodor renamed in the TV show?
Why did Paul Reubens use a pseudonym for Flight of the Navigator?
Why does Davos care about Jon so much?
What does "Nine Pieces of Eight" mean?
Outbreak climax explanation
Who is the shrewdest Shark?
How did he set up time bomb?
Why did Lynn sleep with Ed in L. A. Confidential?
Are the comic strips in the Marvel logo relevant to each film?
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger intentionally strengthen his accent in older movies?
Vegetation in Jurassic Park
Did Maester Luwin really believe that sorcery and magic is no more?
Why did Dr. Linda stop doing Lucifer?
Why is there nothing on the Internet about split second ads that appear to be designed that way?
How could you explain that Hank Schrader did know about altercation between Mike Ehrmantraut and Tuco?
Who really takes the jewels?
In what order should I watch the X-Men movies?
Why did Chewie not get a Medal or anything?
Why is crossdressing so common in Looney Tunes and related WB Cartoons?
What did they do to David Schwimmer to simulate the tan?
What happened to the third post credit scene?
What were the magic words used by Zemo and what's it referring to?
Why would Cotton Hill buy shin jelly?
Why does Captain America chuckle when Spider-Man tells him which borough he's from?
How can Spider-man lift the Winter Soldier's metal hand so easily?
Is result shown from the explosion realistic?
Why is Mr. Keefe blaming Bruce?
Why blue background are used for special effects and What is difference between the blue and the green backgrounds?
What type of law is this?
How did they film the camera following flying golf ball in Happy Gilmore?
How is Flash able to communicate with his team?
Who was the man who slew the Kingsguard Knight?
Is Ghost Adventures real or fake?
Why did Black Panther change his mind?
Why should Bucky know Black Widow specifically?
Suicide squad movie prequel?
Uncredited roles? Why do some actors go uncredited?
How did Sia learn to fight in the movie Baaghi?
What made Clarice so important to Hannibal Lecter?
Why did the Winter Soldier do that to Stark's family?
Wasn't Iron Man smart enough not to fight the Winter Soldier?
Does Tony Soprano need permission from the other families to have people made?
Do political leaders get to see early screenings of movies?
Why is Morticia overdubbed in this episode of The Addams Family, and what does she originally say?
Why was Civil War billed as a Captain America movie as opposed to an Avengers movie?
Vibranium material properties
Opening Scene of The Walking Dead?
Why didn't Iron Man bring "more suits" to help his team mates?
Why were only these people punished in "Oathbreaker", and why in this manner?
How did they shoot the snow scenes in The Hunt?
How did Steve Rogers find this place?
Which comes first chronologically, Jessica Jones Season 1 or Daredevil Session 2?
How could Jon Snow do what he did in "Oathbreaker"?
How did Bucky live this long without visible aging?
How does Andy Dufresne reattach the poster to the wall in Shawshank Redemption?
Why does the Machine remember everything?
Eye part mask of Spider-Man and Deadpool
Film Location of Tommasino olive oil factory
Film Location of Don Ciccio's Villa
Why does Eugene from the Walking Dead speak in this manner?
How does Animatrix fit into the Matrix movies world?
Why is Catwoman so blonde all of a sudden in Gotham S02?
Why does God appear to not know something in Supernatural?
70's kung fu film with student driving fingers into barrel of rocks
Is Logan no longer the Wolverine?
Can Reverse Flash time travel?
What does Sam Lombardo mean by "Never let the sun go down on an argument"?
What is the name of a sound track in Game of Thrones Season 6 Episode 3
What happened to 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers Of Benghazi?
Plot holes in Zemo's plan in Captain America : Civil War
Where are the spoons?
What was the first movie to have an animal protagonist?
Why is Discovery One covered in sulphur in "2010: The Year We Make Contact"?
Can amputated limbs be portrayed without computer graphics?
How does the group discover that missing the slide will cost them 29 years?
Why does Sheldon not stop Leonard from sitting in his spot on the couch?
In Quantico, why does the FBI have access to presidential movement routes?
In Thirst, why do Sang-hyeon and Tae-ju need the camera to watch the street outside their window?
Do stars of original series get royalties for reboots or remakes?
How was the time-freezed scene in the Matrix with the woman in the red dress shot?
Why did Danny Archer stay back to recover the diamond?
Can someone explain what Genevieve was going to originally do in Rush Hour 3?
What is the meaning of the expression used by Dorothy?
CDO Manager in The Big Short?
How do the guilty remnant get money?
Negligible presence of Spider-Man in Captain America: Civil War posters, trailers, etc
What techniques are used to film the twins in Quantico?
How historically accurate is the climactic briefing scene in Downfall?
Movie where the main character is waiting all his life for a phone call
How come the coffee initially tasted awful
What is the first movie where an intelligent computer rebels against its creators?
What are the criteria for being "No One"?
What all techniques are used to display blood in films/television shows?
How Supergirl managed to get her ear pierced?
What happened to Magneto after the past changed in X Men Days of Future Past?
Explanation on Zemo's plan
A main character with no screen time in one episode!
What is the meaning of the coin in Fear the Walking Dead S02E06
Why didn't the Dogville people sell Grace for reward?
What is the significance to the manner of suicides in Virgin Suicides
Can Samaritan really find The Machine with this method?
Why did they cut only part of the pant like this?
Biggest single episode TV crossover
Why was Rhodey not affected mentally?
What was the significance of recreating the fire scene with Daenerys?
How did Ripley not age after 57 years of floating in space?
Is "The Cabin In The Woods" really meant to be a metaphor for the horror genre?
Origin of movie trope where impaled character pulls/pushes blade/spear further into body?
Why "and" instead of "starring"?
How do they keep docking in "Star Trek: Enterprise"?
Handcuffs in The Walking Dead
Why is there a Sokovia Accords at all in Captain America: Civil War?
Why didn't Pietro Maximoff tell Magneto they were related?
"Hacker" Type movie from the 80s/90s
Why do chipped people obey A.L.I.E?
Wolverine's DoFP selective amnesia?
Why doesn't Hodor speak?
Why did Disney go with Netflix to air their Marvel's Defenders' series?
What does the incorporation of Neptune imply?
Ambiguous Countdown Conundrums?
Willamson left the office before Roma got the Lingk contract
Is the Reimagined Battlestar a reboot or a sequel to the Original Battlestar?
Why do most space movies contain sound?
Is Dinesh Gilfoyle's friend?
Why cannot everybody become ghosts in the Harry Potter movies?
In what year is Lilo and Stitch set?
Real name of protagonist in Banshee?
Why do robots in films only have eyes in the front?
Why did Hank Hill call his dog Lady Bird?
Glass box in American Crime Story
When does Caleb Haas' alter ego Mark Raymond appear?
What was Kyle really after in Money Monster?
Did Hodor/Wylis see Bran?
Who are the characters from which the five detectives are based in movie Murder by Death?
Explanation on the condition of Wolverine
Where does Sara's meeting in LoT S01E16 fall in Arrow timeline?
Why does Sansa react in such a way to Littlefinger's offer?
Has Bran already been to the past?
Why doesn't Bran and company immediately leave the weirwood tree?
How was the White Walker aware of the situation?
What is the basic power of Apocalypse?
Why did Rocky tell Adonis who won the secret 3rd fight?
Did Professor X ever marry someone?
Why do movies think the speed of sound is as fast as the speed of light?
Is it really clear what happened to Two-Face?
Relationship between White Walkers and Children of the Forest
What do they use for broken glass pieces in movies?
Why does Fitz get the bends and Simmons doesn't?
Why do film about the Holocaust tend to focus on the mystery of goodness rather than the horror of mass murder?
Where was Wolverine running to, after he escaped?
How was "Hodor" adapted in other languages
Was The Wall built before there were White Walkers?
Aladdin ending explanation?
How many direwolves are still alive in GoT?
A movie about two children growing up together on an island
Is kin-slaying not sin on the Iron Islands?
Why is Jaqen H'ghar helping Arya Stark?
Was it Hodor or Bran warged in Hodor's mind at the door?
What is the significance of the mute girl in The Seventh Seal?
What was the reason for Harmony's sister's death?
How did Ellie Sattler rescue Dr. Grant and the others?
How many White Walkers are there?
Is the end of this movie meant to be optimistic or pessimistic?
Why would Tyler Durden want Jack dead?
How are digital movies sent to a movie theater?
Why did Walt kill the drug dealers?
How is Return to the Blue Lagoon legal if Milla Jovovich was 15 when it was shot?
Is this race now completely wiped out?
How was Meera Reed able to achieve that?
What is the significance of the direwolf deaths? Is there a hidden meaning?
Was it necessary to bleep out Johanna Mason's curses?
What is this camera effect used in Hot Fuzz?
What's the first movie to have the "Michael Bay Spin" in it?
What was the first movie where a recognizable newscaster played himself / herself?
Gender of Stark Direwolves & Daenarys' Dragons
What can White Walkers raise from the dead?
The significance of Simpsons's joke about Bowzer
Kids TV show on Animax with a red bird
When was whistling music first used in basketball videos?
Was Boomhauer really a Texas Ranger?
Why did Erik leave his Helmet at the end of DOFP?
When do Ronnie and Stein split apart in The Flash?
Did Selma Ježková pay money for stay?
When and how did Professor X bring sentinels in the X Mansion?
Sherlock, The Abominable bride, opening scene explanation
Blindspot Anagram Clues
Why can some portraits in Harry Potter talk and move while photographs can't?
Are the Targaryens connected to the Lord of Light religion?
Where is this place from Silicon Valley 3?
Significance of the movie title Magnolia?
First appearance of the walk down a black hallway with evenly spaced circles of light?
Is there an explanation for Batroc's accent?
Why can the other Wybie help Coraline, but other characters can't?
Symbolism of breastfeeding old woman in Black Moon
What was with the giant location titles?
Did Finn turn off his targeting computer?
The Big Lebowski -- the dog character arc
Why is Pepper Potts missing from last movies with Iron Man?
Why did people love Deadpool (2016)?
What is the real vehicle used as The Highwayman's truck?
Why doesn't Lauren say a thing when Sean calls her?
What did happen to make Lauren move away from Sean?
Why did Apocalypse say this?
Who was this girl who can manipulate birds?
Fiction disclaimers on Non-Fiction movies
What version of Casino (1995) is the uncut version?
Is the 8th Doctor really half-human on his mother's side?
Why did Ginny Weasley not get killed by the Basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets?
What was the significance of the books exchanged between Spud and The Guv?
How did Fawkes find the Chamber of Secrets?
Who did we hear in Bran's vision in S06E06?
Why did Howard Saint want revenge on "Otto Krieg"?
Movie where a mom sees her daughter on the stairs, but then realizes that she has just drowned in the lake behind their house
First Best Actor Oscar for war movie
Identify movie about devil/demon seeking a kid
Rear projection effect in The Hateful Eight
Why does Tony Stark replace Jarvis as his AI after Age of Ultron?
Why do we only see female Children of the Forest and male White Walkers?
What happened to Kochanski between season 8 and 10 of Red Dwarf?
How can Wanda Maximoff (The Scarlet Witch) be realistically imprisioned in the MCU?
What is this name of the shot used in Carrie (1976)?
Why did Christine Collins never demand DNA testing on her fake kid?
In American Dad, is everything part of Stan Smith's heaven?
Meaning and influence of the tip at the end of Men In Black 3?
Why does the Supergirl TV series go out of its way to not say "Superman"?
Did Jerome know that the paintings he was appropriating were human remains from the Strathmore Strangler?
Did Steve Jobs ever thank the Apple II team?
Why is the TV Daario Naharis much less flamboyant?
Possible neck brace worn by Melissa McCarthy in The Boss
What was Summer doing with her tongue, and why did it surprise Seth?
Explanation for character actions in Arrow S03E17?
Who is the Chessman of "Life of a King"?
How to get TV shows back on the air?
Did the line about Krishna get altered in X-Men: Apocalypse?
Why do Reggie Ledoux and Errol call Rust "little priest"?
How did Harry Potter recover after Voldemort's attack?
Can a warg control dragons?
What is the moral of Zootopia?
90s kids TV Movie about finding valuable artifact or treasure
What was the first 3D movie?
How James Bond can survive from this?
Is it forbidden to have a relationship in CBI in reality?
Breaking deal with Dark One
Was Berlin a part of the grand setup?
Why did the South Park movie make fun of Mahatma Gandhi?
What is "the low budget" of Kill Command (2016)?
How did Apocalypse trap Quicksilver?
How can Professor X walk and use his powers?
How did they find the location of Panda village?
Why didn't Ant-Man become relatively weaker as he grew?
Spirit realm explanation from Kung Fu Panda 3
What happened to Flint Lockwoods mother?
In the first season finale of the Flash, how did they know their plan would work the way it did?
Is Fantastic Beasts a prequel to Harry Potter?
Why is Sesame Street on HBO?
Who played the locksmith in the first Men in Black film?
Why was the landing of Friendship 7 skipped in The Right Stuff?
What was Claire Temple's first strike?
Why is Caesar good in the first Planet of the Apes and bad in the 2001 film?
What happened to Claire?
Why is Independence Day: Resurgence not released on July 4th?
Pitch Perfect Team building exercise name?
Did any stories of The Twilight Zone end with a happy ending and no twist or shocking ending?
What protocols did NASA stop using during Apollo 9 that the CNSA is still using?
Can someone explain the ending of the movie "Bleed"
Is "The 5th Wave" part of the trilogy?
What was with the two different colored prison uniforms in Daredevil season 2?
What happens to questions that aren't revealed during Jeopardy?
Why aren't robots fighting back in Automata?
Was the plan ever for Chewbacca to speak English (or Galactic Basic)?
Why did Voldemort want the prophecy in Order of the Phoenix?
What were the men building in the opening scene of S06E07?
Why did the Brotherhood Without Banners attack this group in S06E07?
Why didn't they disarm Howard and tie him up first?
Why did Harry not use Polyjuice Potion at the wedding of Bill and Fleur?
Is Kol still Original Vampire after resurrected by Davina?
What's In the Case?
Is Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers a spinoff of The Rescuers?
Did Chris skip the invasion of Afghanistan?
Why does Stan Lee make a cameo in The Princess Diaries 2?
What should be assumed to justify the multiple timeline in the remedial chaos theory?
Why did The Mountain slaughter his horse?
Why does nobody care that Natalie steals an identity card?
Why did the farmer get arrested?
Why was it better to abandon the boat?
How did Alex get the job at a fast food restaraunt with no ID?
Why did Voldemort call Harry's mother a Muggle?
What would happen if they pushed 'YES' in the Cube Zero?
Does Lucy create the human race while touching the ape Lucy?
What happened to George Fleming in Chuck?
Exposing Alcohol in films to kids or teens
With Whom was Isabelle Speaking At the End
How did Finch's cover identity get blown?
How did Gabe know about the relationship between Zach and Shaun?
Why is Four Moons titled Four Moons and nothing else?
How was Suspicion (1941) supposed to end?
Robots at the end of X-Men: Apocalypse
Why is everyone's limbo space the same in Inception?
What's the first appearance of Becoming the Costume that happens on Halloween?
What's the significance of the scene where the twins encounter a man burning a field in Goodnight Mommy?
Why was Angel Dust's breast not shown during her fight?
What does Rick kill in 'Auto Erotic Assimilation'
Barney Stinson on moving and helping move
Does Vesper want to live at the end?
Retired gentleman that solves people's problems
The weight of the tank in Ant-Man?
What is the point of the interrogations in the movie "Basic"?
What does Chandler mean by "turtles came up"?
Why is the spacecraft seen in space at the start of Pandorum?
Did Daniel Faraday commit suicide?
If "No One" uses a face from the Hall of Faces to become someone then how did he do this
Is a certain level of participation expected from the audience when viewing The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
Where does the "TV-Look" vs "Cinematic-Look" come from?
Why does Robert Redford pour water on his radio and a cellphone?
Why did Eobard Thawne react the way he did to Jay Garrick's helmet?
Why didn't Sheldon monetise the idea/concept of luminous fish?
What type of keyboard is Caden Cotard using?
Do the DC speedsters need to accelerate and are not fast from the start like Quicksilver in the movies?
What does the end of Nina Forever mean?
How did the Four Horsemen do the teleportation trick during the first act?
Revolver and 12$ bills
The cow in Apocalypse Now
Did Cole complete his mission or not?
Why don't the Bond girls return in subsequent movies?
Why does Bud White still investigate the Night Owl Murders even after he finds the perpetrators?
Was the War Boy language ever codified?
"true love and Munich olympic..." what does this reference in S01E05 mean?
Why do Mugato's guys kill this person?
Wolverine's Past after Days of Future Past
Script language used by Birkhoff
How many groups of Power Rangers have existed?
Why Keep Forming Voltron?
How does Te3n justify its title?
Is there some deep significance to Dharma Initiative Station's logos?
Does Carl Fredricksen decide to commit suicide?
Were the Jokers (Impractical Jokers) fined for tearing money?
Why does Master Ip want to sew a button onto a paper?
Why did they rollback to that specific point in The Triangle?
What rumors were Cersei and Qyburn talking about in "No One"?
How was this scene in Jurassic World shot?
Why did the FBI want to extract information about Buffalo Bill from Hannibal Lecter?
Why didn't Voltron's pilots' suits match the colors of their lions?
How does the editing of lip-sync take place for non-native artists (especially in songs)?
Is there any significance to the Angels' wing colours?
Why did they inject Arthur exactly on the toes?
Why does GoT have title cards 'stings' on UK TV?
What happened to Kaa?
Who was Penny mentioning in S02E04 "The Griffin Equivalency"?
How are talking scenes in movies/shows filmed?
What was the 'cricket' noise for?
Why was Captain Steven "Steve" Hiller denied by NASA?
Why did the alien invaders let Russell Casse go?
Why was Dawn Bellwether (sheep) depicted so small compared to other animals?
Only the Sith deal in absolutes?
How do (famous) actors apply for a movie character?
Could Truman's wife be considered to be a prostitute under the governing laws of California?
Movie where man alerts police because wife is missing, but has killed her himself
What was Sabine Schmitz saying when she introduced The Stig in German?
How was Terry Colby framed in Mr. Robot Episode 1?
Why does Barry do what he does at the end of Flash Season 2?
Why do they want to hire prostitutes for the space program?
Why did Cersei and Jaime not go after the person that knew their secret?
TV show involving a town where only the kids and adults up to age 21 are alive
What was the reason behind no more new episodes for Tom and Jerry?
Why would the demon do this in "The Conjuring 2"?
What was the riddle given by Bill Wilkins?
Why did Irving only concentrate on Tellegio?
Is there some kind of magic connection between White Walkers and Craster's sons?
What does the ending of 2015's Macbeth mean?
What is the meaning of this expression used in Gamer?
In Iron Man 3, who is the Mandarin's Boss?
How does the Macbeths' child add to their characterization and does it have a precedent?
Girl cutting hair to short length and roughly when broke
Does Fredrick Zoller feel remorse for the actions he's famous for?
How does Tyler Durden insert sounds along with images into movies?
Did Marcel survive the fire?
Why is the blackmail scene in Fight Club different from the book?
Do I have to see "Annabelle" to understand "The Conjuring 2"?
How did Charlie get Barr Finger prints?
Why do we see this measuring at some parts of the movie?
Why does Chancellor Gorkon think Shakespeare was Klingon?
Was the atomic bombing of Nagasaki visible from Shanghai, as in the film "Empire of the Sun"?
Is Orphan Black's 5th season going to be its last?
What was the first martial arts movie where someone plucked out an eye?
What's the deal with Hank Hill's wall clock on King of the Hill?
How did David come back to life for choosing dreams?
Who was that guy in the final scene of Everybody Hates Chris?
What plays are the Shakespeare quotes in Star Trek VI from?
Why doesn't Dr. McCoy know Klingon anatomy?
Can a single bullet from a handgun kill three people in the way Deadpool did?
Was the climax scene of Argo inspired by The Last King of Scotland?
Why was the story watered down in Nobody Knows (2004, Japan)?
Have any of Edgar Allan Poe's stories been adapted for the screen?
Why does the MPAA allow IMDB to reveal whole synopses of recent movies?
Why do Hollywood movies add small scenes with Indian or Chinese actors and products?
Did Vishal Bhardwaj want to make Shakespearean trilogy from the start?
Elevator operator tells scary stories, ends up trapped in the mirror
How accurate is this depiction of a big prison corporation?
Does what happened to Jon Snow make him immune to White Walkers?
What is the meaning of this conversation between Dr. Hafez and the former Anck-Su-Namun?
Who held the girl in the secret room?
Movie trailer: Kidnapped little girl shooting herself with handgun
Why did Major Hellstrom get suspicious?
What is the term for this kind of final scene?
What does the text on the UFO image in the X Files opening credits mean?
Where was Ghost during the 'Battle of the Bastards'?
Does Mickey Mouse not have a last name?
Why did the 1996 version of Hamlet include Robin Williams and other high-profile actors in minor roles?
Is the Bolton sigil meant to look like the British Flag?
What exactly were Melisandre's vision(s) of Winterfell?
Is Touch of Evil (1958) the first movie to allow actors to drive vehicles?
Why was Ian's onset of Bipolar Disorder so fast?
Will the other patients still suffer and eventually die with their terminal illnesses?
How was this character poisoned in Warcraft?
To which degree do dubbed versions of Shakespeare adaptations consult existing official translations?
Soldiers in spaceship travel into the past to stop a religious book from being written
Real time computer check globally in Argo
What is David Lynch's obsession with stages, red curtains, and female singers?
Was the sunken ship in Finding Dory based on a real sunken ship?
Why does Sansa Stark not want Jon Snow to know that she had written a secret letter?
In the machine gun nest scene in Saving Private Ryan, why was Upham allowed to linger in the rear?
What did Ramsay actually mean?
Why did the monk take a boat, when he could just have jumped over the river?
Why did Ramsay strike him?
Couldn't people see Wayne was alive and link his disappearance to Batman's "death"?
Is Project Mayhem, or Tyler Durden, buddhist?
Is the many-faced god appeased in GoT S06?
What was Edna Harper's military rank on Everwood?
Has it stopped snowing at Winterfell?
Is there a given name for "fake documentaries" posing as educational programming?
Why did Ramsay choose to attack this character?
How many Ironborn are there?
How does Sansa know Ramsay's dogs are hungry?
Why was The Force Awakens so much more expensive than the episode 1-3 movies?
How long did it take the space marines in Aliens to reach planet LV-426?
What is the significance of the password?
How much time passed from the end of season 5 to the Battle of the Bastards?
Why do sieges work in Westeros?
Why did Vishal Bhardwaj avoid supernatural themes in Haider and Maqbool?
What happened to Jim Paprocki's brother?
What's the name of this old mid 90's thriller/supernatural/gore hollywood movie?
How did the word "Bazinga" originate?
Was Roohdaar intended to be the replacement of Hamlet's father's ghost?
Can Lyanna Mormont ask Jon to return Longclaw to House Mormont?
Why it is called "The Next Three Days"?
Is Banksy's movie "Exit Through the Gift Shop" a new (sub)genre?
What floor do Leonard, Sheldon and Penny live on?
title reference of Pierce Brosnan James Bond movies
Why did the chinese murderess not kill Johnny in the golf camp?
What's the significance of Shireen's stag?
Was "Muscle Beach Party" filmed at Paradise Cove or Topanga Beach?
How long was Tristan Ludlow away from home?
Can I copy the narrative structure of a movie?
Escape of the Iron Islands
Is the "Oh oh oh ah oh" chanting before a Lost episode the Lost theme song, or an ABC song?
How are the sound effects of the Shaw brothers martial art movies produced?
Why is this person killed in the season finale of Homeland's season 5?
How do they shoot helicopter/aeroplane blast/crash scenes?
How is the "solid black eyes" effect done?
Why did Jasmine arrest Hal?
Why did the Queen chase the school bus?
What happened to Connie?
Why did gravity temporarily reverse when the mothership landed?
Why didn't the United Earth government attack the landed alien ship?
How did the aliens cheer when they didn't have vocal cords?
Red and green laser cannons in "Fury"
Did Tom Selleck threaten to quit Blue Bloods when executives pushed to remove the prayer from Sunday meals?
In "The 100", has the issue of the Alpha Station Ring at Arkadia/Camp Jaha tipping over ever been addressed?
Does the Joker love Harley Quinn?
Why did Joy Birch mention Keller's name at the hospital?
Whom did Caleb Haas call after running from his mom?
Film about a dad who lost his son in Halloween party
How did the Horsemen reach the plane in a truck?
Was this Cersei's plan?
Why is it called "Eastern Promises"?
The mechanics of creating a White Walker
What was the significance of Varys' appearance in Dorne?
Why is Daenerys now able to command her dragons?
Why did this happen to Dr. Kutner?
In which Game of Thrones episode(s) the opening sequence shows the greatest number of locations?
Why was Medivh hostile towards Khadgar?
Does the Dory-like fish actually have a short-term memory loss?
Does Cersei know about the impending attack on Westeros?
Is he Daenerys' nephew?
Are there any Indian movies which contain breaking the fourth wall?
What is the first movie where the voice of the receiving person can be heard in phone conversations?
Is there a word or phrase for when the movie tricks you for a moment like this?
Why did Qyburn use children for homicide?
Why do almost all Woody Allen movies contain the same font style?
Is Bran seeing the future?
Why did Will need to speak first in the film "Good Will Hunting"?
Is Arya Stark the only girl to become No One?
Why can Arya still use the faces?
Was the Devil's Advocate showing multiple attempts to corrupt Kevin?
Why did nobody know about the wildfire?
Have we seen the bloodstained hand scene from Bran's vision?
Why was Cersei being tried?
How did Varys get there?
Why did they blur faces of some people in Bad Grandpa?
Could someone explain the meaning of the "subway man" hallucination in the movie "Pi" (1998)?
How do films achieve the realistic depiction of the moon?
What can we understand about the Many Faced God?
Why is Mr. Wonka's office appointed with half of everything?
What's with the bat branding and its consequences?
Did the dragons fly along with Daenerys' fleet?
What was the reason for the Guardian's change?
How is a scene with head spinning 360 degrees shot in the movies?
What was the significance of the last scene of Dexter in Season 8 episode 12?
Why are porn films called blue films?
Why does nobody know Tony Stark's address?
Who was the horned creature Luthor was seen with in Batman V Superman: Ultimate Edition?
What do the sex noises in the movie "Pi" (1998) symbolize?
How did the tapes falling scene in the train trigger Ed Warren to check the tape?
Casting choice for The Flash in the Justice League movie?
Why is Pulp Fiction told in a non-linear manner?
What is the meaning of physical pain in "Fight Club"?
What stops government from turning off the feeds?
What is the origin of the Canadian Girlfriend trope?
Does Bellatrix fear Harry after Cruciatus curse?
Were Ellen Barkin's legs highlighted or enhanced?
Why does Steve/Amanda die from child birthing complications?
What is the story behind the "come fly with me gatinha" memory?
What is the significance of annoying phone ring?
Which Indian female boxers' stories was "Saala Khadoos" inspired from?
When did he hide the money in the false tummy?
How is Father James related to Jesus Christ in the movie "Calvary" (2014)?
Why is Arya Stark allowed to do this in the season 6 finale of Game of Thrones?
Why does the healing ability not help Subah Nur?
Why were Lucy and Rajesh not developed as a couple?
Why does Tyrell Wellick put on latex gloves in Elliot's apartment?
Does Glee use excessive auto tune?
What did Lorraine see that caused her to lock herself in a room for 8 days?
Is there a significance to Iowa references in House M.D.?
What was the significance of nun attire of the demon in The Conjuring 2?
What was the significance of the ending in Kaafiron Ki Namaaz?
Loop in Inside Llewyn Davis
Does "10 Cloverfield Lane" (2016) relate to "Cloverfield" (2007)?
Who is Tyrell Wellick talking to in the limo? (s01e07)
How do they decide Blu-ray/DVD release date?
Sci-fi episode from the late 50's or early 60s about an isolated couple and magic food
In how many movies has Jack Nicholson played an insane/mentally compromised character?
Why are license plates censored?
What is/was the hardware specification of HAL9000?
Why is it called "Match Point"?
Does Wallace Keefe know Lex Luthor's plan in Batman v. Superman?
What is the significance of the paintings present in the house of Dorian Gray?
What is the significance of the title Penny Dreadful?
So how did Will end up in the same room with her?
Why did the love perfume change its properties in the end?
How many acts do the AGT judges actually see?
What is the chronology of Largo Winch (2008)?
Can I watch "Now You See Me 2" without watching the first film?
Why did Kundun show India to have achieved independence that early?
Was Janet responsible for inviting the demon into her house?
Who are these guys that are following the cameraman?
Why did Kai believe that Oogway betrayed him in Kung Fu Panda 3?
What prevents contestants from collaboration with a planted buyer during the sale phase?
Did The Littlest Hobo ever find a happy home?
How did Benjamin Barker come up with the titular name Sweeney Todd?
Why does Proximo have this person killed?
"Ronald Reagan is the devil"?
How can Beatrice & Prior shoot through the shields?
Was there a non-parasite killed in Total Rickall?
Why are some regulars credited as Guest Starring?
What are the colors on the globe in the 90s-00s Universal Studios logo?
How to shoot dangerous animals in movie?
Why did the cops take a breath alcohol test on Diana?
What defined the Alien- & UFO sterotypes?
How does Jessica Jones drink but not get drunk?
Did John Connor fall in love with a Terminator?
What does Chio mean in S3E03?
What are the two rectangles on videos before release?
Was Will Smith really considered for the role of “Mr. Smith?
Why did filmmakers choose the particular dog breeds that are showcased?
Who's in on the master plan?
Why do the "John Sculley" and "Steve Jobs" conversation scenes play back and forth?
Does Natalie sleep with Leonard in Memento?
Has the Narrow Sea become narrower?
Why did nobody bother that Tommen didn't attend Cersei and Loras' trial?
Who is the father of Malina and Nathan?
What happened to the Joker's henchmen after he died?
Since when was Metropolis just across the bay from Gotham City?
How did Fred Madison change into Pete Dayton in prison?
What does the horse symbolise in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice?
How did team 1 of animals find team 2 of animals?
What kind of corn did Ray grow?
Why does Ice Bear talk in the third person?
What is this dog really biting in The Thing?
Is there a trope for people that are quite harmless on their own but when paired with 'this guy' they could make a chaos towards their surroundings?
How does Marlin know Jenny and Charlie in Finding Dory
Does the sun rise from the West in Middle Earth?
Does AMC have some kind of linkage/negotiation with the British entertainment industry?
What is in Meghan's box in Felicity?
Movie where unfunny Improv ideas are yelled at improv troupe
Why does James Bond prefer to call Max Denbigh "C"?
Why does Sophie wear the jacket inside out?
Why did the convict stop his car to pick up Pee Wee?
Who is Saying "I love you too" in the end?
Are all seasons of 'Suits' interconnected?
What effect does the non linear narrative of Mr.Nobody give?
Which movie ended with the male protagonist's mother in the body of his girlfriend?
Does George Lucas mention Earth in "Star Wars"?
Do Daredevil's foes know about his condition?
What was up with Grand Maester Pycelle?
Why are goats used as a symbol for yoga/meditation?
Does the death of Lady make Bran recover from coma?
Why are they distributing money to the customers at the ticket collecting point?
What was the original Robocop's suit prop made of?
What is the second prostitute saying in Vietnamese in Full Metal Jacket?
Why does Sansa not become Queen of the North?
Was Cameron jealous of Riley?
Did a Terminator skeleton head ever talk?
How was this Three Stooges scene filmed?
Why didn't Murdock notice that Fisk wasn't lying when he talked about improving the city?
What is this object in Batman v Superman Ultimate Edition
Air Buddies filming locations?
Why did Cersei do this to Grand Maester Pycelle in S06E10?
Why does the nuclear bomb explode in space, in Batman v Superman?
Thriller movie: young policeman with motorbike vs. farmer serial killer
Do successful franchises always have humans?
Why are Theo and Tabitha Galavan of different skin color?
Are Frank and Claire modeled after Bill and Hillary Clinton?
Why did Cameron try to Kill John?
What do the bugs symbolize in "Pi"?
Are there any other shows that actively show humans dating animals?
Why is Joanna sometimes seen in bondage in "Mr. Robot"?
Who designed and built the T-800 series Terminator endoskeleton prop?
In the end of "The Reader" does the photo frame owned by the daughter depict "Hanna Schmitz"?
How did Mr Brooks get rid of Smith's deposit box's content?
Did the paranormal debunker meet his end?
Movies with last second twists
Why is Kirk's middle initial wrong in series 1 episode 3 of Star Trek?
Role of death in Supernatural
Was the world ever more radioactive?
What is that which Alexander Mahone is playing in Prison Break?
Are the actors speaking Japanese in Solar Crisis?
Why didn't James Cameron direct further movies of 'Terminator' franchise after 'Terminator 2'?
Why does Bourne choose to reveal his location to Vosen?
What LotR scene shows a closeup of Gollum eating a fish?
How are awards given in the editing category?
What is the Tunnel Name Darth Maul fell in to?
What is the significance of the piece of leather Manco wears around his right wrist?
Whom was Andy working for when he was a shoe-shiner?
Is Wanda Maximoff Magneto's daughter?
How could the lady who redeemed Bill know what was up?
Why does Guy consider changing sex?
Is the Pod Racing location real?
Are the red strings used by Dexter a real thing?
Sandcrawler, real or fake?
How was the pressure cooker blast filmed?
How can Jasmine survive in the tunnel in Independence Day
Did John kiss Cameron?
Earth Mars chat communication delay
A guy hires man to commit suicide-by-assassin, but killer fails, kills other people accidentally?
Does Arya Stark know how to make poisons outside of the House of Black and White?
Setting of Mad Max from first movie to second/third
Techno-spy TV show/TV-movie from the mid-1980s, almost certainly Canadian or Can/US co-production
What happened to Victor's car?
Is Cameron becoming human?
How did they make Cats & Dogs talking realistic?
Are people from Wayward Pines vegans/vegetarians?
Movie about people waking up in a locked warehouse without remembering who's a good or a bad guy
Are the "Lord of the Rings" and "The Hobbit" movies connected someway?
Why didn't Marco Polo tell the Khan and Kaido about the Crusader's plan?
What happens to Fuller's character in The Thirteenth Floor?
Why does George Lucas not direct any more Star Wars movies?
Did the following incident/statement from the 2007 movie Persepolis really happen?
Fight breaks out in a restaurant, Hitler salutes in the background
Some sort of frequency outbreak is turning people into static silhouettes
Significance of Mei's tea box?
What happens at the end of Uppi 2?
What is the process for a movie getting a song written by a popular artist?
What made Jesse & the Rippers separate?
How did the Green Arrow's eyes become yellow in the final episode of Arrow season 4?
Why does Syndrome's robot turn against him?
Into what type of animal did David transform the woman?
Does the producer demand to have the trick explained before hand, privately?
Do I have to watch Star Trek TV and movie series before watching Star Trek Beyond?
Do producer credits now require "pga" after their names?
Why do we see a dizzy face of Stu in the last scenes of Phone Booth?
Why does Buddy Pine call himself Syndrome?
Why are sound effects done so different from reality?
Why did Jordan kill herself?
Did Cameron betray John Connor?
How did this violation of the "Penn & Teller: Fool Us" rules get past the screening process?
Why was "The Big Short" shot in the comedy genre?
Was the "leg crossing scene" in Basic Instinct real?
Is Joker a member of Suicide Squad?
Why were audiences led to believe that Mike Webster died from a taser gun?
Why does the Stevenson Award show "Sheldon Cooper Ph.D." when he got his Ph.D. at 16?
Why is the Indominus Rex called this way?
How does the USS Franklin fit in the pre-Kelvin Timeline?
Sulu's Daughter's Parentage?
Who were the faceless mooks?
What does "XIX" in 'Extraction' mean?
Why can't Robert Ritter snatch the paper and tear it?
How did Ackerman know Angier's trick was "real magic"?
What was the ship under construction initially called?
Was the Starfleet officer connected to the later series?
What was the device named by fans of Star Trek?
Why they put funny names for tribal people in movies?
Why didn't the Ghostbusters reply to the rector?
What are the devices that Stryker's team use
Why didn't Krall know about the Franklin?
Why didn't they just use the air strikes in the first place?
Identify this East Asian-language movie, set in a radio station
Use of safewords in mainstream moviemaking
Why does Genie still have his powers after he was freed?
What happened to the the USS Franklin crew?
Are Barry Allen and Bruce Wayne from different Universes?
Sable Ranch Dragon's Head set/prop?
Was Monica the one who convinced Richard?
Why is Reese allowed to have dyed hair on Malcom in the Middle?
What is the name of this anime movie set in the 1960 with an alternative history plot?
Was Kirk and Uhura's kiss in Star Trek really the first interracial kiss on TV?
What is used to make "living tissue" for Terminators?
Did the actor for Gideon have an accident that caused him to be less prominent than usual?
Identify this comedy B-Movie about mob enforcers
Did Sean Connery learn Russian for Hunt for Red October?
The ending of The Wailing (2016)
Are Terminator robots able to have sex?
Why did The Book of Eli have so many pages?
Is it Real tears or Liquid?
How does Jimmy greet the women in the parlor?
Repeating same line at the start of the movie and at the end
Who was Elliot speaking to?
How does Kaafiron ki Namaaz justify it's title?
What is the significance of the Joker's plan?
What role Bob Anderson did play, Imperial or Rebel?
Why it is called "The Ides of March"?
Does Lily know Snape loves her?
Why does the audience let Patty fall?
In Wrath of Khan, what is the meaning of "the word is given" in the scene where the crewman dies in sickbay?
If the Star Trek TNG future has no money, were there any stakes to the poker games the officers played?
What is a "hero plate" and what is its purpose in filmmaking?
Is the Palace Saloon from Back to Future III the same location as the saloon from Django Unchained
Do I have to watch The Bourne Legacy to watch Jason Bourne?
Straight Outta Compton - claims of police abuse
Man wakes from cryogenic sleep and discovers he doesn't know how to use a telephone
How can Maggie James remember Enzo was killed by Damon in fire in whitmore house?
Why can the monster switch dimensions at will?
How could this jump in ranks be possible?
How did they shoot the Las Vegas scene in "Now You See Me"?
Is Homer Simpson kissing Marge while listening to a slow motion record a deleted scene?
What was used to create the metal effect makeup in the Terminator robots?
How did the team get the number of the supervisors phone in S01E05?
Did Sylvester ever catch Tweety?
What was the originator of the SEE! ... SEE! ... lines on movie posters?
What was the age of Sarah Connor when giving birth to John Connor?
Ants are stealing our picnic!
In Dr. Strangelove, what is the device Soviet Ambassador Sadesky uses near the end of the film?
Movie where father, mother and son are the same person?
Where does Eleven's mind go when she is in the sensory-deprivation tank?
Significance of the song "Should I Stay or Should I Go"?
Shouldn't Elliot have been caught or at least noticed outside of the prison?
In "Stranger things" S01, How was wormhole in the base of a tree in the woods created?
Who is Danny in House of Cards S4?
Why is there only one Giant in the series
Killer who killed the protagonists wife, got executed then resurrected by a doctor and his woman assistant
Why did they not mention the year in which the events take place in the film?
What is the significance behind the black & white photo Sam picks up?
Are the gates to upside-down still open after the end of Stranger Things S1?
Did "Sarkissian" know that Cameron is a robot?
Why is the movie called "8 mile"?
Why wasn't the X-Jet affected by Magneto?
Why does Samaritan need permission to access the feeds?
A Cary Grant's self-citation?
How did "Kai" manage to escape from the prison world?
Why did the henchmen leave a harmonium in the street?
Why does Bane rob the stock exchange, with Bruce Wayne's fingerprints?
Why didn't Maggy the Frog mention Cersei and Robert's child?
Bald man tricks a stripper to marry him to get a daughter for organ transplant
Distance between Yorktown and the unexplored planet
In multilingual countries like Canada, are the movies translated in every language?
Why did they allow different brooms to be used in Quidditch?
Why does John use the surname "Connor"?
How much bounty is on Riddick's head?
What happened to the missing hospital bus?
Movie about a Male Siren?
What determines a movie's run at a particular theater?
Why does Eywa reject Grace's body to her avatar?
Why was Walt so careless in this situation?
What happened to Bobbi & Hunter?
Is Jasper's house in the woods an existing location?
Why does Steven Spielberg use this type of effect in his films?
The title of a movie about a cliff where things rise up, and somebody commits suicide there
Was there any hint about Jon Snow's parentage before S06E10?
The Godfather: 2001 vs 2008 edition
What is the croupier saying during this game of baccarat
Why did El Chivo decide not to carry out the hit job?
Why didn't the plane crash despite its cockpit having a big hole?
What happened to the lawsuit over Django Unchained?
Did Apocalypse choose his Four Horsemen at random?
Significance of the quote on Deadshot's neck band
Movie bullet magic
Why does this cameo character look like this?
Why weren't actual NFL teams used?
Do fictional tv shows ever have multiple characters with the same names?
Wayne Manor in Batman v Superman
Why are bikes on bus?
What happened to the Joker after Batman arrested Harley Quinn in Suicide Squad?
What is the board game Rollo and the King are playing?
Do Hospitals really provide laptops for patients?
Why did Henry try to kill James Sanding in The Purge?
Who gets paid on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives?
Deadpool in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Are the Comic-Drawings in Spaced from Simon Pegg?
Why is this episode titled "Book of the Stranger"?
Is there any more background information about Belcheck?
When was the first time subtitles were used for the original target audience?
What happened to the Federation Universal Translator Technology?
What is the first cartoon/movie to use fake swearing?
What was Lenny's obsession with Airplane models?
Where did this character pick up another language?
Subtitling Standards
Where was the Batman during the "terrorist" event?
The acid scene in "Suicide Squad"
Adult talking in Peanuts
Why does the 70s porno film not look like a 70s film?
Audience's approval vs. skill of the craft
Where does the jet engine come from?
Shouldn't these two characters have been eliminated?
Why does Bodhi break his own rule?
Why does Payne take Annie hostage?
Which year in the future did John Connor and Catherine Weaver go to?
How was "Derek Reese" alive in the future?
Limited Release or Select Theaters
Who is playing the projector at Mrs. Glenn's house?
Do different types of Poké Balls exist in the anime?
Suicide Squad movie Timeline
How did the zombies survive the nuke in "Resident Evil: Apocalypse"?
Has a Bond car ever survived a mission?
What are the reasons for Barry's downfall?
Why does Sollozzo frisk Michael before Michael retires to the restroom rather than after he returns to the table?
Is it possible for the plot of Falling Down to happen in a single day?
What was the conclusion of Batman: The Killing Joke
Why are the Terminators dragging a turbofan jet engine?
Are lights a worthwhile investment?
Did Spielberg have any involvement in filming Star Wars?
In 'The Hateful Eight', Why is Minnie's Haberdashery's called that?
Why does Saul Goodman have to go into hiding?
What does "CDE" mean?
Wouldn't two years for him be two years for her as well?
Late 90s - Early 2000s first-person-shot thriller
Why did Frank Pentangeli kill himself in Godfather 2?
Can Bran Stark see the past from any weirwood tree?
Why is the path of film through a camera so convoluted?
When do they prepare screenplay for sequels, after casting or before casting?
Who designed the closing credits for Love & Mercy?
Have any actors had roles in both the DCEU and the MCU?
How did they make Yogurt so short?
Why did this character come back to life in Cemetery Man?
Did Klingons develop Gunpowder Weapons?
Why it is called "Inherent Vice"?
Is this quote a reference to something: "Tout est mauvais! C'est un festival!"
Could someone explain the last train scene with Snafu and Sledge in "The Pacific"?
Is Gargantua a black hole or a wormhole?
Ronin - pronounciation of 'Hereford'
Why are so many American (spy) movies set in Europe?
Why did Bran not tell anyone who pushed him?
What did Voldemort look like before he killed the Potters?
Nerve: Why not reject?
When is the final explanation in Lost revealed?
Why didn't Nick Naylor ever smoke in "Thank You for Smoking"?
Do teachers in kindergarten schools prepare kids to sleep?
Why was Alex Jones driving the campervan?
How do they shoot binocular scenes?
At the end of Star Trek Beyond, how did Uhura know who Krall was?
Are there any ice hockey movies where the team loses the big game?
In the script of a team sports movie, how much detail is there about what a specific play looks like?
The Others movie clarifications please
When the last remaining bridge was destroyed why didn't they take the tunnel instead?
The experience of the slo-mo drug, slowed down time vs reality & Ma-Ma's death
Are galaxies visible with the naked eye?
What did Martin Bedell do in the future?
Why did Zod not use some other planet for terraforming?
Can you really have the International Star Registry name a star that you can easily see in an amateur telescope, like in A Walk to Remember?
Are there any other Batman cartoons that are adapted directly from a comic?
Why did Doomsday fall back to earth but Superman didn't?
What happened to Rover 1 in The Martian?
Are back stories in Lost important?
What is the significance of the tattoo on Joker's head?
Movie that involves half a dozen people from the deep web gathered in a warehouse to see a live killing
How did Daredevil know the journalist will throw a cigarette?
Why did the "demorgogon" visit Joyce in the house?
Why were Matrix 2 & 3 released in the same year?
Did Star Trek Beyond copy a scene from Titan A.E.?
Did Aldrich Killian believe Extremis to be safe in his case?
Why did Chigurh unnecessarily shoot the bird?
Why does nobody care that Danielle and Ben hooked up?
What happens to the baby?
Why does Ash never win a Pokémon League championship?
Tintin movie...what happened next?
Why did Thomasin give in so easily?
Why the discrepancies between setting and music in "Moulin Rouge!"?
Why was Brooks released? Couldn't he have squealed on the Shawshank crimes?
What was the gift in the briefcase that Gibbs gave to Abby - it shined gold when she opened it?
What is the meaning of the Chinese symbol that Oogway uses to attack Kai?
Was the chip real or fake?
Why doesn't Supergirl enlist Superman's help when all humanity is threatened in the season 1 finale?
Why didn't they take their prisoners to the extraction point?
Why MPAA warning also present in 80s movies?
Tom Hagen's role after Vito Corleone stepped down as Godfather
Why didn't Deadshot kill Batman when he had a chance?
What's the meaning of the ending of "Another Earth"?
Why was The Secrets of Isis cancelled?
What is the correct phrasing and definition of "Shoes on" in Iron Chef?
What are the double set triggers for?
Why didn't the tech staff find any faults in their system check when the chip was removed?
Ending of Zach Stone Is Gonna Be Famous
Do I need to know Bourne's backstory before watching Jason Bourne?
Movie accounting voodoo, what is the logic?
Why hasn't Tom Selleck done more big screen work?
What movies does "Hell or High Water" reference?
What do the 2 different labels on Chappie mean?
Would Andy be shielded from the law in Mexico?
Why were the enemy ships blowing up?
Is it possible to start watching Battlestar Galactica (2004) at Season 4.5 and understand the rest of the series?
How did Sherlock Holmes know what the gypsy lady will say to Watson?
What is the meaning of this conversation before making love?
Where does the gun suddenly get extra bullets in season two of Lost?
Why doesn't Mido remember her father when she first saw him, despite the hypnosis process?
Sci-Fi series from the '80s, maybe older
What is the meaning of the graffiti saying "Joke's on You Batman"?
Why were the names changed in the final draft of The Lost Boys which refered to characters from Peter Pan's story?
Are vampires really immune to garlic or was that a bluff?
Does The Battle of Five Armies deliberately quote The Two Towers?
When did Derek Morgan step down and let Hotchner take over again?
What is the significance of the special opening credits in Bond movies?
Horror film about an escaped serial killer trying to save his girlfriend
Do the other gladiators know who Maximus is?
Why does Lord Beckett say 'finally'?
Hannibal movies' lack of information
What's the first use of the "power walk"?
What happened to Lazarus mission's Endurance?
Has the word "lunacy" been chosen intentionally?
An old movie about a boy who sells a condom as a balloon
Unusual Death in Django Unchained (Female death censoring?)
When did Brandon Routh mention his time as Superman in The Flash?
How was Will aware of the lights?
Simpsons episode where "Springfield" is mentioned on a train
In "The One With The Flashback", why doesn't Rachel comment about Monica's weight(loss)?
In “The One With The Flashback”, why is the Bar empty yet operational when Ross & Phoebe hang out?
A British comedy movie from 1997-2005 about transporting sperm
What was Cooper's plan after docking?
Man's 'last wish' before dying is to sleep with best friend's wife
How could Kazan's testimony to the House Committee on Un-American Activities affect him negatively?
Why do the BPO henchmen wear hazmat gear?
What previous works was Star Wars influenced by?
What's Alejandro's true background in the movie Sicario
Why does he keep his gun backwards?
Do I have to watch The Mechanic before watching Mechanic Resurrection?
Movie about a guy living secretly in a family's attic who tries to kill them
How did Marty meet Doc in 1955 after Doc has travelled to 1885?
How do the live audience of "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" see the funny animations or catch the jokes with punchline on screen?
How is Cherry Darling firing the gun with her leg?
Which gods were the Enchantress and her brother referring to in Suicide Squad?
Would a DeLorean actually break apart into a million pieces if hit by a freight train?
Where did all that water go?
Which criminal investigation TV series has the highest number of episodes based on actual criminal cases?
What country is the movie Babe set in, in-universe?
Who are Sears and Roebuck mentioned in the Shawshank Redemption?
Why is the young Hachi shown meeting Parker at the end of the movie though Hachi is actually old?
Was Will Byers's search intentionally shown differently thematically from each character's perspective?
Why did filmmakers choose to portray Jack Napier as the murderer of Bruce Wayne's parents?
Why is Deadshot refered to as the greatest assassin in the DC universe?
Did Andy wear mask and goggles in the original version?
An episode from an old horror series with human sacrifice
What's the logic behind the fake/real computer chip?
What is the name of the dance the conductor breaks into during a fight in Martin Scorcese's “The Aviator.”
Sci-Fi movie playing in start and end of Seinfeld episode
Is Game of Thrones the first book adaptation which has overtaken the book it's adapting?
Why does Max do this at the end of Pi?
Why did they pick an American actor to play Sherlock Holmes?
Do the judges really receive menu at the beginning of the elimination challenge?
What was the significance of dinosaur hedge-sculpture made by Edward?
Why do the other lords of the North support this character in S6?
Why do all/most TBBT characters have three names?
What was the mother's secret?
What MCU actors have also portrayed other non-MCU Marvel characters?
Will the Black Flash make an appearance in season 3?
Which sounds are genuine in BBC's Planet Earth?
Why was Josette under a sheet?
Why is Betelgeuse named after a star?
Is there a specific term or name for Tim Burton's Gothic dark comedic style?
Why did Thanos choose to team up with Loki to retrieve the Tesseract?
How did the Joker survive the helicopter crash?
Why did they use shallow focus on Ed Warren's role while talking to the demon?
Was the actress Winona Ryder laughing in the dinner scene or was it in the script?
Why is there a marked grave?
Why are dolls, teddy bears, etc. used as horror objects in horror films?
Did the Joker kill Alicia Hunt?
Why did George do that in the end?
How did Iron Man record his past days?
Why did Non ask Lucy Lane not to release the White Martian?
How could Andy carve out the bible to hide the rock hammer?
What was the purpose of Christopher Lee's scene with the eagle wings behind him?
A movie about relationship between a male convict and a female teacher
Why aren't the songs from a TV show credited in the end credits?
Where did the line about the reason for the big eyes come from?
Why the did the Alliance destroy the scuttled settler ship in Episode 3 of Firefly?
What was the name of Baird Whitlock's character in the meta-movie in Hail, Caesar?
When can companies (or other entities) be directly referenced?
Is Harley Quinn based on Alicia Hunt?
Can Darlene from Mr. Robot read Chinese?
What happened to Nancy's payday from the maternity store?
Why did the end credits in movies become a lot longer in the past decades?
Is Malick's Tree of Life a “too masculine” movie?
Comedy movie/TV show featuring a lactating girl convincing a boy to consume her breast milk
Why do the toys blink alternately?
How was the Ferris wheel scene shot in Jackass 3.5?
Which movie first did the chase sequence/pane of glass gag?
Why did Tim Burton create a similar windmill scene both on Frankenweenie and Sleepy Hollow?
When Jack Torrance is frozen, why is he looking up?
Was "Attack on Titan" influenced by Goya's painting and mythology?
On the West Wing, why was Josh's assistant given so much screen time?
Do they show real social networking accounts in the movie?
What is the significance of Heywood muttering "Shut up, man" while Fat Ass continues to blubber at Hadley?
Can you identity a movie about friends trying to murder each other?
What was Bruce Wayne's obsession with unusual looking statues?
How closely related are Teorema (1968), Down and Out in Beverly Hills (1986) and Visitor Q (2001)?
Why has DVD/Blu-ray commentary become so scarce, and a rarity?
Why does Michael Fassbender have blonde hair in Steve Jobs?
Why was the public not upset in The Martian?
How do they shoot flaming human scenes?
Why was Finn even wearing the jacket in the first place?
Does Leonard really have memories before the incident?
Was Joker Robin in Suicide Squad?
How does Tatum die?
Where did Alien come from?
Where did the theory of Batman being a mob enforcer come from?
Why is the cathedral in such a mess?
Clarification on assassinations in the film Looper
Was the cowbell homage to Christopher Walken?
Was Steve Rogers supporting Bucky by lying?
What was the significance of the chess piece?
Is the casting of Wentworth Miller and Dominic Purcell together in "The Flash" intentional?
What is the history behind Scotty's hidden freezer and bottle of Scotch?
Did two Great Danes really fight a tiger?
Why did Batman: TAS stop using a different voice for Bruce Wayne?
Where could Cage get alcohol on base?
How was this scene from "The Lady Vanishes" shot?
What is the cultural significance of the "kaiju screech"?
Star Trek TOS reputed episode budgets
First explicit mention of money in Star Trek
Why did Walter White decide to become a teacher after Gray Matter?
What's the meaning of abbreviations in credits? (ASC, PGA, ...)
When did 30 Rock start to show post-credit scenes?
Why did filmmakers choose to portray "What is Sodomy" in this manner?
What was the prop the sample Spock shatters with a squeeze made of?
Was the lecture in the classroom scene real or fictional?
Why does nobody want to give Voldemort their wand?
What was the chest-level salute the Union soldiers used in Gettysburg?
Why did the father in the Truman Show appear in the town as a homeless person?
Is there a name for the trope of a friend who gradually turns into an enemy as a war develops?
Where did Daenerys' dragon eggs come from?
Why was Chloe Decker not shocked/surprised when seeing Lucifer in S01 finale?
Why do they also carry other guys' photos if they know Mitch Leary is the assassin?
Movie about cheating villain wife being killed at the end
How did the incident near the end of Our Kind of Traitor happen?
Why was Tuvok sent to infiltrate the Maquis?
Why did the plot instantly skip from the monster's escape to the townspeople's defense preparations?
Why did the Malfoys flee on foot?
What's up with Chris Rock's hands?
Which Star do we see at the end of Interstellar?
Why did Peter Jackson direct the Lord of the Rings first and then The Hobbit?
How accurate is Scrubs' depiction of the medical profession and the community?
What was the reason of this big casualty in the start of G.I. Joe: Retaliation?
What does the "Blue" in "Blue Raja" mean?
How did the encyclopedia salesman get into the building in S04E03?
What is Milton Waddams' profession?
Why did George throw the book into his own suitcase?
Significance of sagging pants and visible asses in Kung Fu Hustle
Do janitors really earn more than the resident doctors in the US?
Why does the action look choppy in Captain America: Civil War?
How many layers does the movie Inception involve?
Why did they use handheld camera for very end scenes in Carol?
Who portrayed Ray Finkle in the file photo?
What are the clues for Fulbright's involvement?
How did Willy Wonka know the Golden Tickets would wind up in the hands of children?
What exactly happened to Dylan Rhodes's father in Now You See Me?
Are trailers copyrighted or not?
Who invented the "Run to the president" scene
Which movie started the common practice of 2 sets of closing credits?
How did Mongo "punch" the horse?
What's the term for a scene in a film designed to be shared on social media?
Bruce Wayne's death in The Dark Knight Rises
Why couldn't Harvey's killings be pinned on the Joker?
Did the Bobs want to fire Lumbergh in Office Space?
Why do the officers carry bows and arrows in X-Men: Apocalypse?
Does Lisa Kudrow break character a lot during scenes in Friends?
Inverted rainbow in The Little Mermaid
The Maitlands' "powers" in Beetlejuice
Basis of the CGI model of SS Botany Bay in ST:TOS "Space Seed" re-release
Was it ever clarified what will happen if Christine is killed?
What was used to create the hyperspace jump sounds in the original Star Wars trilogy?
Authentic Standard Life campaign?
Was it a common practice to pronounce the fare on the cab door in the sixties?
Is Red Imaginary?
What timeframe overlaps between Bourne Supremacy and Ultimatum?
What degree does Howard have?
Why was the HBO TV documentary about Robert Durst titled as The Jinx?
How do actors make eye contact with CGI characters?
What was Batman hoping to accomplish by fighting Bane in the sewer?
Significance of sacrificing twelve number of people?
Why do the subtitles and audio of the Spanish version of Daredevil not match?
Why can't they track Luther's phone?
What is Sherlock saying in Russian in Elementary episode s04e23?
Why do Omkara and Kichalu (Kathor) not try to kill each other after Captan's death?
Why did Dusty not use the internet?
How was the explosives scene shot?
What was Dalton Russell's point in the movie Inside Man?
Do Harry Potter stories mention other popular stories?
Why didn't the goverment put Mr. Newberry into witness protection if his testimony was so much life threatening?
Sci-fi movie with a a large machine or ship that was either processing or "eating" people
Differences between the standard and extended versions of TWD S6 E16
What was the purpose of animating some of the dragons in the Dragon Manual?
How did Jane survive absorbing an infinity stone?
Why did Nicky pretend to team up with Garriga?
Did the "Department of Energy" open any of the gates to the Upside-down?
Which Salvatore Brothers' emotion got heightened up after becoming vampires?
How was Cooper confident about landing his Ranger on Miller's planet?
How do you define that a movie is "American"?
Why was Angela Moss so afraid of identity theft
What's the link between "Due Date" and "Planes, Trains & Automobiles"?
Why is Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. going with a less popular version of Ghost Rider?
Why does Unbreakable have closing title cards?
What is the origin of the title of Death Eater?
Woody Allen's weird framing in Everyone Says I Love You
In Friends Season 5 (Slash Late Season 4), Why Do Monica and Chandler Feel the Need to Keep Their Secret?
Movie with college/high school guys, strippers and the strip club owner
Why was Ezri Dax the polar opposite of Jadzia Dax?
How accurate is Sully?
What is the cultural context to "Cal Turk" (White version of Turk) joke in Scrubs?
What are the ewok costumes made from?
How can alien in human suit cry?
Why didn't Norrington try to save himself?
Why they are much younger?
Black man takes care of girl in the woods
How does Region Coding, FPS, and NTSC/PAL work in region-free releases?
How did Stu buy that valuable number of shares in a company in Suits?
Why does 406 become a zombie?
Is the fake animal at the start of "The Mermaid" supposed to be a Tasmanian Tiger?
Why didn't Tom Riddle kill Harry in Chamber of Secrets?
911 anachronism in The Nice Guys
How was blood leaking from the ceiling?
Why wasn't Dr. Cox sued or fired after a patient dies because of his negligence?
The Fifth Element origin
Why is Samwell Tarly allowed to be maester even after joining night watch?
Why weren't Thor and Hulk present in the movie Captain America: Civil War?
What is the meaning of "16 mile road" in this particular rap?
What is the round object given to Philippe by Papa Rudy?
Was the Winter Soldier inspired by Sky High?
How are Turing and Christopher's messages in The Imitation Game encrypted?
What is the name of this shot used in King Arthur?
Is there any particular order in which one should watch the movies of Marvel Cinematic Universe? Why?
Why was Tom Bombadil left out of the LOTR movies?
Why didn't Timothy turn into a vampire?
Are pirates on Davy Jones's ship dead or partially dead or not dead at all?
1950s British comedy - daughter writes shocking novel about neighbours
Aladdin's magic ring and lamp
Are the English language songs in "American Dad" sung in the viewer's native language when aired in non-English speaking countries?
Why is the religious guy surprised about the scars in the hands of Evan?
Ring's different behaviour
What was Prof. Brand's plan?
How did actor tell his dialogue without seeing it?
Camera technique where crowd moves fast around a stationary character?
How did Iris correctly guess that Graham had sex with Amanda Woods?
Do all of Quentin Tarantino's movies have a common underlying theme?
What movie involves ripping a woman's face off?
What was the first trailer to use "in a world"?
What is the title of treasure hunting movie
Meaning of 55-JUMBO
Hard to kill with an Arrow
How was this scene shot without hurting Charlie Chaplin?
What movie involves a boy feeding monsters underground?
Cover Girl and a Hollywood-Bollywood Connection
What does "Gollum" mean?
Is Red based on some real bird species?
What is Cameron meaning by saying "I call 9 millimeter"?
Why did the old woman curse the servants of the French prince as well?
What creature is Vanessa Ives?
Why does "Time" speak with a German accent?
French film from 80-90s about military burning a town to cover up a poison spillage
Significance of Joker's weapon circle in Suicide Squad?
What was the reason for Magneto's decision at the end?
Explanation of "Lucumi"
Male alien searching for a girlfriend on Earth
Why do the characters talk in old English?
Explanation on the ending of "(500) Days of Summer"
How was Silver Surfer able to kill/banish Galactus in Fantastic Four 2?
What exactly was Harry's plan in the hotel with Helen?
Did Jeff Skiles really say that?
Why does Lance consider cell phones unsafe?
Do we ever get to know Jake's (Elliot's boyfriend) "wildest fantasy"?
Movie about family moving into mysterious house and seeing mystical creatures
What happened to the rest of the world?
What is the significance of the constant spitting of Josey Wales?
Why does Todd also get low marks in the history subject?
Do Roxie and her husband get back together in the end?
Why haven't clapperboards become obsolete?
How did the Saviors know the group would try to reach the Hilltop?
Why did Riff Randell refer to The Ramones as brothers?
What is Jesse's Judgment Day?
How did Atlas accomplish the 'rain magic' trick in Now You See Me 2?
Why does the connection between the restaurant and the castle break?
Why are the costumes in comics and movie adaptations not the same?
What does Sean mean with this sentence?
Why does Thana in “Ms. 45” decide to move some body parts from the refrigerator to an unrefrigerated closet?
What did the taco say in "Sausage Party"
Did the creators of Seinfeld ever have an alternate finale in their mind for the show?
Simultaneous, competing co-productions of the same movie?
Term for movies taking place during the main events of its predecessor?
Why was the witch so tempted to cross the mirror and get Veer albeit it was getting Jai's soul in exchange?
Why does Lex Luthor want Batman dead?
Why Did Tim Burton cut the Ballad from Sweeney Todd?
Does Reilly have any autonomy or do Joy, Sadness, etc. control everything?
Why was Bing Bong collecting memories?
Why was Captain Léon changing spoon positions of Jane Clayton's plate after she left?
Did "Riley" help the robbers rob the Connors' house?
Did Stephen King like Frank Darabont's ending of "The Mist"?
Which original character was Kramer's stuttering inspired from?
First appearance of a bizarre/opposite version of the original character?
Keystone effect in high-budget movies
How did Xerxes appear so much larger than Leonidas?
Why did the marks think they recognized Hardison in s4e16 "The Gold Job"
Why is Benson a gumball machine in Regular Show?
Why Did Milos Forman Change 'Hair' as Much as He Did?
How accurate is American Crime Story: OJ Simpson?
A biography movie about a first nude photo model in the history
What was done to prevent Black Widow from getting pregnant?
Do newspaper/magazines publish this type of ad?
Why is Bugs Bunny's first name "Bugs"?
Which songs were performed more than once on Glee?
How exactly did Will and Barb get into the Upside-Down?
Where are Palos Hills and San Pedro?
Why weren't the Birches also being charged?
Looking for an 80's/90's animated fantasy movie with a unicorn
Sequence of black & white pictures in NCIS
What is that famous diner from When Harry Met Sally?
Does Kara (Supergirl) have a way to contact Superman?
What was the first full-length film that was a musical?
How did Jack Wilder appear in two places at the same time?
To what movies do the soundtracks in this Masha and the Bear episode belong?
What was the fuss about the Alzheimer's Trial tampering and FDA thing in Grey's anatomy
A high school movie that students protest of their school conditions
Why does Quinn look like he lost 10-20 lbs between season 4 and 5?
Next (2007) Missing Scene
Are the performances on Glee largely the characters' imagination?
Are there any movies or series involving someone with ADHD?
Scene with numerous file copying dialogues in Snowden
Wouldn't both glasses of brandy have "tasted a bit shit"?
Why are some executive producers credited individually?
Movie about a man trapped in a tree by muggers
How accurate an adaptation was "Behind the Candelabra"?
What was the inspiration for the names "Vandelay Industries" and "Art Vandelay"?
What exactly are those typical bean dishes in Italo Western?
Why does fake blood in older movies look so fake?
How did Lex Luthor create the monster?
Most recent Hollywood feature film without closing credits
What technology or method is used for the making of "Chicken Run"?
Why did Grama get furious when Mike won the game?
Does snow ruin lightsabers?
Is the phone ringing scene from RGV's Company inspired from another movie?
Why did Leon always watch "It's Always Fair Weather"?
Did Martin Scorsese lie in Life Itself?
What were O'Connell and Beni doing at Hamunaptra?
"The Liberator" and Bolívar's death
Will the medium be able to last 100 years?
Is there a source for the "Kleebob card game" gag George Burns used?
Why did the Chipmunks' sweaters become shorter?
Why Maggie in True Detective is double-faced?
Captain Millers shaky hands in Saving Private Ryan PTSD or Parkinsons?
Why are most of the Disney Princess movies musicals?
What was the result of Erica's HIV test?
Did Natasha know about Sharon/Kate's real identity when she was encouraging Steve to "call that nurse"?
Why didn't Audrey (Jerry's girlfriend) eat the apple pie?
Why does Gandalf say that he is Saruman?
Does the Hulk gain mass through "Pym Particles"?
Why is Claire Underwood is in so much personal power thirst without helping Frank to get power?
Is Kara (SuperGirl) natural born?
When did the lighter to the spilled gasoline scene begin?
How was this bridge burning and collapsing scene filmed in Buster Keaton's The General?
How do they phrase casting calls when casting an individual with a particular skin color?
Father forces three kids to be in a pop band
Original script details of Flesh and Blood
What purpose do Sy's pictures of the little girl serve in "One hour photo"?
Why did they store guns in school?
When was the material Unobtainium first used in movies?
A movie about relationship between a young man and his stepsister
What was Newman's first name?
How could Matt Smith become the 13th Doctor in the first place?
What do Cohle's hallucinations represent?
What does "Witnessed and served" mean?
Is Zoetrope an independent demon?
What does Billy Beane mean by "Yankees are paying half your salary"?
Why did Apocalypse fire all the nukes out into space?
Is there a term referring to the transgression that often begins a horror film?
Is there any religious ground for a demon to give up its name?
2000's horror movie with a girl trying to escape with the help of a monstrous "guardian" creature
What is the significance of flies?
How much (average) time elapses in a Bones episode?
What happened to the child Barry Allen in The Flash S3 Premiere?
Are The Mechanic's tools and gadgets real?
How do they shoot a scene in which a character falls downstair?
"Upside Down" Flaw?
Why the language change?
Stalker which is killing women
How are the airplane scenes shot in movies?
Made-for-TV movie of a woman being haunted by a sea captain looking for his true love
Who is the dead woman in the casket?
How did he get the order of code?
In reality does the nuke code still work even when the president is a hostage?
Movie from 80s or 90s - Professor Student relationship
What drove Tyrell Wellick to do this deed and why did he regret it afterwards?
What is the significance of car explosions in Jacob's Ladder?
Mutiny valuation in Halt & Catch Fire
How to get started watching English movies as a non native speaker?
Why does Sienna Brooks inject Robert Langdon with a sedative?
Movie about a guy who uses a notebook to relive and fix horrible accidents that he and his friends caused
How does Barbossa come to know that Calypso is bound in Tia Dalma's mortal flesh?
How are the natural sunlight effects achieved while shooting?
Movie about kilted soldiers lifting their kilts in a war with Indian soldiers?
Why weren't the invading forces stopped before reaching US soil in Red Dawn?
Boutros Boutros-Ghali reference in Seinfeld
Was the final shot of Halt and Catch Fire S3/Ep8 done with a green screen?
Why didn't somebody at the Yorktown space station just transport Krall and the weapon into space?
What did the Red Lights signify?
Who is Black Panther's bodyguard?
Explanation of Tata's words
Did the filmmakers of Zootopia have a "gay agenda"?
Why is the ending of American Beauty set up as a who-dunit?
Why does Zootopia have an intentional Breaking Bad reference?
Is there any reference to the existence of platypuses in Zootopia?
What are Marion and Belloq drinking in Indiana Jones, Raiders of the Lost Ark?
Is Dusty the doctor that Royal did malpractice work for?
Why did the Blair Witch need James and Lisa to look at it?
How are car drag scenes filmed without hurting anyone?
Did Caledon and Rose ever have sex?
Why does MacKenzie McHale retain her cut-glass English accent?
Why does Batman brand criminals?
What is the trope when airplane pulls up at the last moment?
Who was the 2nd family holding their new born baby in the lawn?
What was the purpose of mentioning the soft hands in Ocean's Eleven?
What does Peter Dinklage eat on camera in Game of Thrones?
Riding 160 days around the world
Why do cartoons tend to draw eyes stretching them vertically, rather than horizontally?
Does the answer of the Nygma's riddle in S03E04 have a second meaning?
What is the meaning of the rice balls ceremony?
Meaning of the Silence of the Lambs poster
Where does Luke Cage get the smart phone he uses?
Is the new Westworld HBO series a continuation of the story from the 1973 movie?
How did Kirk sell his house?
Why did they arrange things like this beside the pool?
Why is the movie titled "10 Things I Hate About You"?
Did the actors for The Force Awakens receive fighting training?
Why is the insignia of House-of-El different in Superman's suit from that in Supergirl's suit?
Are there any other references to Gang Starr lyrics in Luke Cage dialog?
How are helicopter scenes shot in TV/Film?
Which actors in the Arrowverse have previously played DC Comics characters?
Why was Sean Divine embarrassed with his friends in Mystic River?
What were the allegorical significances of the scenes of a bird and butterfly coming out of Barbara Kean's mouth, if any?
Why didn't they create a media sensation about the K-Pax Alien?
Why is the spacesuit design so strange in Sunshine?
What was up with Mr. Barron's teeth?
Was the final transformation a blunder?
Was Slenderman the basis for the movie's Hollowgast design?
Origin of Mr. Burns use of "like a spaniard"
Do the showrunners consider Supergirl and Constantine to be part of the Arrowverse?
Use of anachronisms in film intros to surprise the user with the revelation of the actual time period
Why did Strange and Norrell use "nameless slave" to summon The Raven King?
What exactly happened to Luke Cage in that experiment after which he got his powers?
Was Michael the protagonist of the movie within the movie of Thriller?
Did Patrick Stewart appear as an uncredited extra in this episode of Stargate Atlantis?
90s horror film about teens trapped in a haunted house
What is the first movie to show this hard work message at the very end?
Do movie directors decide what poster to use for their movies?
Why didn't Mark Watney grow more crops after malfunction happened in the Hab on Mars?
Do "Flash" and "Legends of Tomorrow" have different rules for time travel?
Which actor/actress has played the largest number of distinct actual persons in tv / cinema?
Why is Loker looking for a job?
What is this kind of stunt called and what is the highest record for it
Customs and decisions on putting bloopers in end credits
Have guns in Westworld started operating differently?
What are all the names from Arrow's kill list and what is the status of these people?
An animated movie about a black horse, set in early British industrial revolution
Why is Pablo Escobar not speaking proper Spanish?
Why is a lottery conducted for sick patients to be cured?
Critical plot hole in Primer?
What's the name of that 80s or 90s sci-fi movie where they have to save a princess from a huge spider?
Why were the Chinese allied with the United States in "Red Dawn"
Why does Chang care so much Mei has left the company?
Movie about a hotel staff witnessing human organ transplant in one of the rooms
Did Michael Jai White really puncture the bag by a kick?
What are the incidents represented on the map presented by Thunderbolt Ross?
Sci-Fi movie, about binary code, aliens, and headaches
House with blind 'beastly' people living underneath it
Why do the Democrats care if a democrat wins the Pennsylvania governor race?
The meaning of the line, "I always tell the truth, even when I lie."
How does the federation keep the "stardate" consistent across its territory?
Why does the map show a specific starting point and route?
Cartoon movie with archery tournament with "paintball" arrows, people dressed as animals
How did the plan work out at the end?
What is the significance of Black Widow saying "You could at least recognize me" to Bucky?
Forgotten animated movie involves encasing things in "gluestick"
What are the main differences between Dan Brown's 'Inferno' novel and Ron Howard's adaptation?
Who is the highest-grossing debut director?
How does the climax make sense?
Sci-fi/Drama/Mystery movie with mini-stories and paintings that affect humans
Are there any global standards to identify a movie?
Did Lucifer break the 4th Wall?
How would Hugh have known "the rules" of the creature in It Follows?
'90s kids movie about a game robot attacking people
Music player device from Star Trek Beyond
Is there a certain comedian this South Park episode is referencing?
The Conjuring 2 dining room and library name of demon fact or fiction?
Why is Governor Swann's immediate reaction to shoot Jack?
Criminals/hackers trick computer system into backing up all data into single location
What makes the nervous and anxious character model of Michael Cera, Jesse Eisenerg etc... so successful?
The symbolism of Mike Ross's bike
Is the orange coat guy getting killed a reference to South Park's Kenny?
Member Berries in South Park
Where does Vixen S02E01 fall in Arrowverse timeline?
What was Hoffman's plan in Saw V?
How did Jesse run in an eight-like fashion without wearing the special speedster suit?
What is the frame rate of the Hobbit Blu-ray release?
Why does S.T.A.R. Labs look different in Vixen than it does in The Flash?
What was the purpose of incorporating Harrison Ford's real life scar into the story?
Ocean's Twelve hotel scene with Saul's card having problem?
Who did arrange the camera at the hospital?
Why is the old Universal logo used for a 2009 movie?
Why was Evey out past curfew in the first place?
Reason behind geography based language restrictions on digital content in online stores
How did Joker survive the blast in the jail in The Dark Knight?
How does the mobile signal issue get resolved?
Movie about a board-game that asks the players touchy questions
A movie about people moving at the speed of light
Why do soap operas have the soap opera effect?
Why did the crew members not feel anything during creating the paranormal documentary series?
Jokes about Monica's haircut
Longest Continuous Plotline Across a Series of Films
Have any participants ever apologized for their involvement in "Mazes and Monsters"?
How true-to-life is the language used by Issa and Molly?
Unknown animated movie with a powerful glove
Is the catchphrase "Hasta la vista, baby" meant to be a nod to "I'll be back"
Where's Nadja from?
Who killed Fanny the dog and threw the stone?
How come the present is not changed for the lab team?
How does Michael Myers always seem to know where Laurie/victims are?
How long has Sabrina lived with her Aunts?
In Wristcutters: A Love Story who do the police work for?
Why did they introduce girls in bikinis in court?
Why did Verbal get legal immunity?
How long is an epic?
Why did the President still send the FBI after Benjamin Gates?
Does the Iron Man movie ever establish a convincing motive for the main villain?
What is the code in Envelope?
How does killing Barron affect the timeline in Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children?
How did people learn in Defending Your Life?
What was the point of obtaining GPS?
How was Sheldon able to play around with Rajesh and Howard
Frank's Refusal Of Number One Observatory Circle
How does Quicksilver know the mansion is set to blow?
A movie about the wife taking revenge on her husband and his mistress
How do they keep the identity of the winner secret?
Why is Alyce spelled with a Y
What is the meaning of last scene of s20e06 with Caitlyn Jenner?
How difficult is it to source News Channel Logos?
Name for this common stock scream? (not the Wilhelm scream)
Which victims were the killers individually responsible for murdering?
Why doesn't Ronon's gun run out of power?
The first movie or TV show that said "nerds" were cool
Why does Amenadiel think he is no longer worthy to have his powers?
What is Buck Strickland referring to in this joke?
What happened to the other 2 muggers?
Why couldn't Krall and crew repair the USS Franklin when Scotty and Jaylah could?
Did the "30 Days of Night" vampires have an invitation?
The Nazi swastika flag at the end of Platoon
How did Detective Spooner get into the car accident that injured him?
Why would four senators share a flat?
Does the morning after scene from the trailer of season 2 of Skam fit into the actual story of the season?
First animated movie to put "bloopers" in end credits?
Was there a production rule forbidding the depiction of parents in Disney shows such as Ducktales?
Why cast an A-lister for Groot?
Who opened the store room door in The Shining?
Watching order for the Dan Brown films?
How does Gordon Ramsay judge each contestants' dish objectively?
Who was Mikael Blomkvist with at the end of the movie and why did Lisbeth hate it so much?
Is there any connection between Liz and Ron’s office food pictures?
Why are the asylum guards wearing cages on their heads?
Movie about encountering blue alien
Animated short film about an alley cat visiting his former home
About Detroit in Nice Guys
Why did the story stop after The Dark Knight Rises?
What is the significance of the grandmother's missing finger?
Did the reference to the Boston Tea Party in "V for Vendetta" mean anything to British Audiences?
Whose body does Lucifer have on Earth, in the FOX TV show?
What makes an actor an A-lister
How would you read '71 and how did the title suit with the film's story?
How could the Hermes crew check the orbit calculations so fast?
How did Sam and her mother come to file a paternity suit against Reacher in Jack Reacher 2?
Why didn't Dr. Strange reverse time?
Finch's actions in Person of Interest S3E20
What is the significance of the missing mouth in the Silent Hill and Silent Hill: Revelation film posters?
Why do dementors attack Harry during the Quidditch match?
How does that private prison in The Flash work?
Why not protect against Kilgrave's powers in other ways?
Why did Harry Potter behave like this to Lupin?
To what degree is the in-universe music from Game of Thrones based on the novels?
What is the term for colour screen theme in movies?
How did they shoot the hostess scene?
Why does the Federation require a rental agreement?
Movie where a boy is assumed to be a Nazi
Why was The Hard Candy poster made in reverse to the plot?
How can Malekith create the Aether?
Time-travelling neo-Nazis try to give Hitler an H-bomb
What is the term used to refer to foreign/alien language only subtitles in a film or TV show?
Movie about a couple breaking into a white house and finding the family dead
External justification in The Man from U.N.C.L.E
What drove Lucifer to commiting such a deed?
Why did the Guardians of the Galaxy trust Xandar to safely store the Orb?
Portrayals of emaciated people in WW2 dramas
Movie showtime database
Why wasn't Aldo Raine punished in Iglourious Basterds?
Was Luke's lightsaber recovered after the final battle with Vader?
What is the meaning behind Lisa Simpsons triangle shaped red eyes?
How did the guy in the 1st episode of Westworld not get hurt when he was shot?
Why did the Kingsmen allow the candidates for Lancelot to just leave?
What exactly happened to Ronnie in The Flash?
Which movie series are referenced in XKCD comic 1568?
Sci-Fi TV episode about a man who doesn't know he's an alien
What happens to Professor Moody in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire?
What is the significance of Pink Bunny in Silent Hill: Revelation?
Who is this character in X-Men: The Last Stand? What is his power?
Is the scene with Romilly different between the IMAX and DVD/BluRay releases of Interstellar?
Why is Adelaide Clemens wearing seven layers of clothing for Silent Hill: Revelation?
7 Erogenous Zones by Monica
Are there any details regarding Polly's death?
What is the meaning of the final scene of the first season of "House of Cards"?
How did a clip from Eurotrip end up in Katy Perry's Last Friday Night?
What does this dialogue mean in the movie Prestige?
Who is this vigalante hired by Tobias Church in Arrow S05E05?
What's the story between Bourne and Nicky?
Why didn't the witches keep the voodoo doll close to them?
How did the Time gem work in Dormammu's dimension?
How did the wolf characteristics get passed onto Laura?
Why can't Dracula save Mirena from falling even with supernatural powers?
Interpretation of two big jumps in movie history
Why do many animated movies use famous actors to do the voices?
In Flash Season 2, why couldn't they just tell Grodd their plan?
Significance of the numbers next to the people in Anne's drawing
How can Dr. Strange rewind time in these circumstances?
How accurate is the language they speak in The Witch (2015)?
What is behind the trend of changing the name of sequels, instead of just adding 1, 2, 3, etc.?
How are bullet impacts in concrete walls created?
How much of Doctor Strange is origin story?
Is this map of the galaxy valid according to Stargate SG-1?
An adventure movie about a kid who does what his computer game does in order to save his dad's life
Can Sherlock be stuck in his mind palace?
Does Doctor Who have an end game to the overall story of the season?
What caused Sylvester Stallone to get into a fight with Richard Gere?
Max Headroom: 20 Minutes Into The Future
When is Doctor Strange actually set?
A man that greets a car(?) and pig aliens
What was Stan Lee's character reading on the bus in Doctor Strange
Is there a term for the prologue story present in the opening of a film?
Sci-fi movie about a laser weapon that eventually selfdestructs
If you coat a lightbulb with (human) blood, will the light be tinted red?
Differences between reboot, remake, reimagining - is my understanding correct?
Why didn't Norrington try to save himself?
What came first, the sanctum or the magic?
What's going on with the watch?
Why did Michael Corleone not forgive his brother Fredo?
Was the design of the Republic Gunship influenced by the Mi-24 gunship?
Why is the episode called "Shut up and Dance"?
Why are there so many recurrences of the number 17 in 30 Rock?
Is Disney redefining "true love"? Why?
What is Ben Affleck's character doing massaging his leg with a wooden stick
Why did Borden do that to his wife in The Prestige?
Why doesn't Fischer recognize Arthur, Saito and Eames as kidnappers?
Why aren't the planets orbiting Gargantua sucked in?
Nightmare at 20,000 Feet: which airplane?
Why wasn't the Ancient One affected?
Why is the 'You talking to me' speech from the movie 'Taxi Driver' so famous?
Why doesn't Bane kidnap Dr. Pavel before take-off in The Dark Knight Rises?
Why does no one care that kids are stomping aquatic animals in the pool in "Finding Dory"?
What do the ending scenes of Lucy in relation to the universe mean?
Why are the respondents never shown?
Why did the kids kill Katie?
Why do the items stop duplicating?
How many times did Dr. Strange loop?
Had Julia realized Borden's secret, leading him to kill her purposely?
What was the significance of the pacing in The Straight Story?
TV series, a blonde lady talks every day with a stranger on the phone
What is the connection between The Phantom Menace (1999) and The Shadow (1994)?
Character "Hobo" and his saying in the film The Polar Express?
How Does Doctor Strange's cloak of levitation work inside the mirror dimension?
Teenage girl enters a suburbian hippie commune and is found there by her parents
What is this editing technique called?
Has a movie ever referred to a later movie?
What was the need for the initial raid on Condor's office?
What is the significance of blue to green transition of costume colour between Frozen Fever and Frozen?
Is the ThanksKilling franchise the only franchise to skip its sequel?
Does Wolverine fight for the U.S or for Canada in the WWI montage of X-Men Origins: Wolverine?
What is the significance of the multiple references to watches throughout the film?
How do we interpret Louise's memories in Arrival?
Reasons for the aggression act
Contradiction in the mental power of Professor Xavier regarding Magneto
Help identifying 1970's American movie about aliens who cause people to commit mass suicide
Who is filming the Pawnee Parks and Recreation department?
Why don't people commit burglary or vandalism during the Purge?
Intrepretation of the last scene in The Godfather 2
Why did the same president/prime minster of some country appear so many times at beginning of the movie?
Girl moves to Japan, works in a night club and draws comic
Woman goes to jail and a student helps her learn to read
Did T-Bag's father sexually abuse him?
Who are these three Justice League members during the fight with plant monsters?
Rights to George A. Romero's "Night of the Living Dead"
What happened to Dee's motorcycle?
How often does China influence Hollywood market by allowing or rejecting a film?
Has Federation medical science really allowed for males to carry a child?
Why did the ATC operator seem like he was in trouble in Sully?
Do the Infinity Gems spell out Thanos?
Puppet-like fantasy characters. Female has wings while male does not
What's the meaning of 'Cronenbourg' in the Rick and Morty episode Rick Potion No. 9?
Why do the aliens of Arrival choose to be coy with communication?
Did Young Justice purposely reference The Bourne series?
What happened at the end of ARQ?
Were Chekov's scenes reduced in Star Trek Beyond?
How does Stan Laurel do this thing, in the movie Blotto?
What rare material did Dr. Octopus need for his fusion reactor?
Did Carl actually get raped?
Movie involving a cute blonde woman that fights a dragon
What exactly is the physiology of hosts in the Westworld TV series?
What protects the Westworld guests from injuries caused by weapons other than guns?
Did Michael suspect Fredo before?
Why is Robin made so young in the Young Justice, compared to his other teammates and comics counterpart?
Looking for a movie of about futuristic city and alien society
Why would a teen TV show need an FBI warning inside the Young Justice universe?
Is "Children of Men" a remake?
How do you combine the elements in Sheldon's T-shirt?
Why do deleted scenes have poor quality?
80s Sci-Fi movie with "fire-lion / fire-wolf" chasing people through locked steel doors
How are movies distributed internationally?
Are shows with laugh tracks considered a lower form of comedy by the TV industry?
What is the relationship between "multi-camera" and laugh tracks?
What is the Carlin Award that the younger Martin Stein asked about?
Short 198x/199x where a man builds a threatening mechanism to prepare breakfast to a sleeping woman
Who is Randolph Morgan that HR mentioned while using his face?
Why does Louise see Hannah even before they arrived?
What was happening in "In a Mirror Darkly"?
Why did Teresa know Thomas's and her name?
Why didn't the gladers try to use the lift to escape?
How true-to-life was 'Joyeux Noel'?
When would a team pass on Family Feud?
Why does season 2 take place after a five-year time gap?
What is the purpose of the last scene?
Was that actually the recipe for concentrated dark matter?
Who is supergirl waving at season 2 episode 6
What happened to all the Barrys in the scene where his mom died?
Are there any movies whose name changed after released in theaters?
Where was Sally at the beginning of The Hours?
Why did the Green Lanterns reject Guy Gardner in the selection process of Justice League?
Why does Superboy have Pithecophobia?
Why do comic relief characters tend to be male?
Girl predicts her friends death
What was the right choice for Zep Hindle to make in SAW?
How did South Park achieve to match the outcome of the 2016 presidential election?
Did the commander see Mark just before the take off?
In which Harry Potter film/book was the book Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them mentioned?
Where do the directors who didn't go to film school actually learn filmmaking?
Why film in Canada when there's plenty of land in Montana?
Who is this fallen member from Young Justice: Invasion?
In Westworld, how can guests tell the difference between guests and hosts?
Why didn't Doctor Strange use the Eye of Agamotto to heal his hands?
How did Kate survive being shot?
Old Movie where a guy plays an electric guitar on the roof, and gets it played back
Appearance of a boggart to someone who is most afraid of boggarts
What is the term the street thugs called the policemen in Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows?
Are helicopters capable of carrying this type of giants?
Why was Flor displeased with the decision of her daughter attending the private school?
Why did Louise forget she had called the Chinese commander?
Where was Eleven going to find people
How did Optimus Prime know that Sam was a spy?
Why was Louise the only one who advances her mind?
Why did WCKD allow the Grievers to kill off the kids in the 1st The Maze Runner movie if their blood was so valuable?
How come Daenerys' hair is not burned while her clothes are?
What does C.A.S mean?
Why didn't Harry Potter become an Obscurial?
How did an event in Episode 8 of Westworld occur?
What happened to Peter Pettigrew?
What was the first book that was split into two (or more) films?
In George Méliès' Cinderella, what are the dancing clocks supposed to be?
Was the depiction of George Méliès accurate to what we know about his life?
Is Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them understandable without watching any other Harry Potter film?
How does Percival Graves use magic without his wand in Fantastic Beasts?
What is the win-win word said in the film Arrival?
Why we can see little light even after main power is off?
Is there a resource listing TV shows that have not come to a 'natural' conclusion?
How can a witch/wizard disguise themselves, excluding Polyjuice Potion?
Why are portkeys not used for long-distance travel?
What was Jason Bourne actually doing to the elevators?
Why MACUSA and not MCUSA (Magical Congress of the United States of America)?
Is the Wonder Woman theme original?
Why do the trolls consider blonde hair "unmanly" in Frozen?
What is the magical wasp that Newt notices several times in New York City?
Why does Graves want him dead?
Is Percival Graves using the Elder Wand in Fantastic Beasts?
How can Wolverine survive a Nuclear Bomb?
How did Newt Scamander realize "someone's" real identity?
What are all the magical creatures/Beasts in Newt Scamander's suitcase?
In Tampopo, who does this?
Are there any more movies announced after Fantastic Beasts?
How many bullets can Deadpool's guns carry?
Get pre-1990 prints (or masters) of movies? What happens to them?
ID this movie about rebels fighting high tech God
Why didn't Germans simply set Fury on fire?
Why are Mowgli and his father in the cave and get attacked by the tiger in Jungle Book (2016)?
How did the Planet Earth II crew film animals without disturbing them?
Why does Voldemort use this spell?
Why was Harry not able to see Thestrals until Order of the Phoenix?
Does J.J. Abrams have a fascination towards Oceanic?
What is the logic behind the execution procedure in Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them?
Why was Frank necessary?
What does the first scene in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them mean?
Was the first depiction of "face melting" in Raiders of the Lost Ark?
A movie about a lot of woman clones with mini skirts
Shouldn't Carl's hat be too tight by now?
Why does this spirit appear old in Murder House?
Why is the trailer for Highlander: Endgame so radically different from the final film?
Is Rick and Morty satire/parody of Doc Brown and Marty McFly?
Why is the audience sliding around in this scene from Le Temps retrouvé?
Scooby-Doo and The Loch Ness Monster's runtime difference?
Ra's al Ghul story line
What is the significance of the falcon in the movie?
What is the meaning of this conversation between Dewey Finn & Billy?
What does the ending of the 2013 film Enemy signify?
Where did the second Marty go?
Why is Lucifer's mother behaving so strangely recently?
How did JB get away with the shooting in the first episode?
Looking for a movie about a beautiful shapeshifting woman that seduces men
Is it possible that Jacob retained his memories?
What is the game they are actually playing?
Why does Coop have to sneak out to rejoin Amelia Brand?
What was the first occurrence of background music turning out to be diegetic music for comedic purposes?
What exactly is inside the Ark?
Who voted who on every round?
Is the world of The Walking Dead realistic
Has there ever been any reference or indication of the real name and backstory of Joker in any Batman movies?
How did smoke monster appear as John Locke while his body was still in coffin?
What does the joke "leave you Clampetts alone to your banjo lesson", from 3rd Rock From the Sun mean?
How did the Swooping Evil Venom infused rain affect the magical community?
Why was the Chinese drone replaced with an Indian drone by the filmmakers?
Is a corn-only diet sufficient enough for the nutritional needs of the human body?
Why did Joker and Harley Quinn jump into the chemical bath (goo container, acid container)?
Is Hunger Games Allegory for Donald Trump?
What do the alphanumeric names of scripts stand for in the short movie "George Lucas in love"?
Why is Eobard Thawne in Legends of Tomorrow?
What planets/systems are shown at the end of Return of the Jedi?
Why would Louise telling the Chinese commander about his wife's last words change his mind?
What was the nature of the epiphany that led to Will's proposal?
Did Daryl Van Horne participate in group sex with the three women?
Why did Daryl Van Horne target Felicia?
How was S.H.I.E.L.D. funded in the dark days?
How do we know that the Emancipation episode falls into the events of Captain America: Civil War?
What happens to talk show giveaways that don't match the audience?
Person of Interest S02E09: Paid in "half"?
How did Begbie track Rents?
What is the significance of the penguin in Fifteen Million Merits?
What is the timeline of The Lorax? Why don't the older townspeople remember the trees?
Early 1980s made-for-TV-movie where the equation √e^5u^5 is significant
Why did the dwarves have to flee for the first time from Moria?
What is the place where Christopher is initiated?
Exact scene where we can see Sophie in Whiplash
What did Louise say to the Chinese President in the movie Arrival?
Why is Crowley of red color in cloud form while other demons are black clouds in Supernatural?
How do they guarantee the celebrities' safety?
Action/ disaster movie about underground building rescue
Was Alex Forrest's suicide attempt a symbolic representation of Madame Butterfly?
Was Alex Forrest actually pregnant?
Is there any muggle technology that is used in Harry Potter's world?
Was the snow globe breaking part of the plan?
Where was the US Airbase in “Iron Eagle”?
How do guests make requests in the WestWorld game?
Why did the aliens arrive on Earth with such a large head start in Arrival?
Who was Balin? Was he part of the company of Thorin Oakenshield?
Why didn't more beasts escape when Newt's suitcase was open?
Are the pranks in the TV show Impractical Jokers staged?
How did Strucker transport the Chitauri whale corpse/skeleton from NYC to Sokovia?
Do wizards regularly wear muggle clothing?
Live video feeds through hosts' eyes in Westworld
Who did the uncredited Magic Voice for MST3k, prior Mary Jo Pehl?
How many times was the Voyager self-destruct sequence activated?
Why are the railings in Rivendell so low?
Why were people led to believe that the Apollo mission was fake in Interstellar?
Why was the Obscurus in Newt's case staying in a snowscape?
Do the Nine Realms correspond to Nine Planets?
Why don't the scientists of future get Cole's last message?
Why didn't Cooper exit the black hole thousands of years into the future after entering the event horizon?
Why was the opening credits sequence for The Newsroom changed for Season 2?
Did he allow Newt to catch him?
Why does Elias' younger version look more like Anthony rather than Elias?
Why didn't Hans Gruber know what Mr. Takagi looked like?
Did John Ritter ever injure himself during filming Three's Company?
Why does no-one recognise Bernard?
What's the connection between Mike and Artie?
Does Mia mistake Vincent's heroin for cocaine because it's in a baggie rather than a balloon?
Is the Joker mask used in the prank an homage to The Dark Knight?
Why do people call Morgan Freeman's character Red?
What language does Berta speak?
Why does the Wicked Witch "have no power here"?
Why did Amanda Waller's helicopter shoot off some fireworks after take-off?
Why did Master Sergeant Farell deny being an American?
Why did Megatron think cyberforming the earth was a good idea?
Time Discontinuity in Westworld Between Characters
Why is Black Panther addressed with "Your Highness"?
Did Mr. Takagi actually know the code key to the vault?
Why does Conan refer to Valhalla?
Time travel movie: guy wants to live in the past, travels there and meets another girl who wants to live even further in the past
Was the Brady Bunch the first blended family on TV?
Why does Starfire have a magical girl transformation scene?
Did Dr. Stein sing so well because of the ingestible translator he was using to speak German?
Were Craig Bierko and Yvonne Zima cast due to their physical resemblance of one another?
Why doesn't the machine share the SSNs of important characters like Tyrell?
Why is Supergirl's earth numbered 38?
Why was the final landing scene selected for the movie's poster?
What was the last episode/movie Majel Barrett recorded?
Why does Frank's car not have a license plate at the front?
Why change translation text into a picture for international versions?
How did Cisco mess up the timeline by saving the Dominator from Agent Smith back in 1951?
Old comedy/spy movie where the heroine is a much better fighter than the leading man
Why didn't the Dominators take up Mick Rory, a non-metahuman, while taking up the Team Arrow?
Why did Grocer fire on NSA agents instead of Blank when the agents showed up during their shootout?
Why did Jacob need to walk into the rain to get his memory erased?
What happens in the ongoing timeline when Cage dies?
Why does blood seep from the eye of Le Chiffre in Casino Royale?
What does Ian say to Louise when she asks him if he would repeat his future?
Is there a name for this storytelling technique?
Why would Lew Hayward be doomed?
Why does Davy Jones not want his heart around him?
Why did Arrow, unlike the other shows of the Arrowverse, pick a combination of its own individual logos in the Invasion crossover story arc?
Quotes by Willy Wonka
Spiritual/religious tv series about mystical investigations
How do they create that hovering Text that stays still according to scene when camera is moving
What TV series has the longest opening credits?
What is the supervisor girl doing in TV show 3%?
Why is Will Turner's heart cut out so that he can take Davey Jones' place?
What is the reason for the 1999 setting?
Why was Castle of Cagliostro so stylistically/artistically different from Miyazaki's other films?
Why can't ARIIA access this device?
Did wizards participate in the First World War?
What changes were made in Princess Kaguya from the original Tale of the Bamboo Cutter story?
Why was Amanda Hunsaker's death considered a murder?
Looking for possible Hercules legendary journeys episode
Why do the Avengers have bad radio discipline?
How did Finch and Reese know that Hersh is going to poison Shaw
What is accent of VJ (brunette woman) in Pacific Heat
Is Felix a host?
Why doesn't Dolores have bones?
Who is Leta Lestrange?
Old-school Chinese martial arts movie identification (involving monks and poles)
What are all the martial arts styles seen in the Ip Man movies?
What is the logic or mechanism of action involved in creating a time remnant?
Which Sheppard did McKay refer to in S05E19
Why did the humans never use EMP bombs to kill the machines in The Matrix?
Teenage star lost in a city
1980's young-adult Television show - crashed alien ship (possible A.I)
Hobbit scenes with psychedelic mind combat
Do TV channels take context into account when deciding to censor certain words?
TV Mini Series with people that control Elements
What was Verne doing?
Why did the Disease department develop the flare only to find that they have no cure and it goes out of control?
Looking for a movie about a group of people in abandoned city
Meaning of exodus scene in S1E8 of Stranger Things?
Why is the winner still awarded $1 million U.S.dollars?
Why is the movie titled "Fracture"?
Why doesn't Melisandre use Mance Rayder for blood Magic?
How did the Red Woman know that Gendry has royal blood?
Why did Yoren help Arya Stark?
Why do mouse cursors never align with actors' hand movements (or always move perfectly straight)?
Dying during shooting
Help identify this movie about an old woman and an apparent delinquent
What's the common thread between Fargo and Shut Eye?
How is there an outline of the body of the beast on the ground even before it was killed?
What were the advantages of having twin agents?
Why is Moana actually needed for delivering the heart?
Sci-Fi Movie, Rich living in space and poor people in earth
If Agent Smith is just an AI program, then how could he end up in the real world?
How can Spider-Man watch himself fighting with Ant-Man in the trailer of Spider-Man Homecoming?
Why did they replace Ronnie Raymond as Firestorm?
Batman's Rule: Is it thrown out the window in the new DC Universe?
Do I need to see the first Pink Panther movie to understand the second?
How does this work in Arrival
How to go about a dialogue scene when it comes to the actors speaking?
Who recruited this many students without informing Bartleyby?
Who were the people who loaded the data into his brain?
Why does John Reese mostly wear a suit
At the end of Arrival Ian is standing looking out over the lake. Does he wave?
What is the meaning of the last scene in the movie There Will Be Blood?
Was 1970s Han Solo's name inspired by 1960's Napoleon Solo?
What was the first film or show to depict Men in Black?
“Kubo and the Two Strings” symbolism?
Westworld S01E02: How did they get to the park by an elevator inside a moving train?
Is Pietro Maximoff the son of Erik Lehnsherr?
Was the psychiatrist in Cat People acting on good faith about divorce?
What's the meaning of the movie The Wailing by Na Hong-jin?
Why does the team not know who the Reverse-Flash is?
What mitigation is taken while filming 'raining' scenes
What is the reason behind Selene's return after the war with Marius?
How did Luke find Jasper's house?
What is the meaning of this line at the beginning of the movie?
Did contestant keep the items they filled in their trolleys?
Why is Cybertron larger than earth?
Why did Kylo Ren use a crossguard design on his lightsaber, over the more traditional design?
Why was Euron Crow's Eye depicted as having both eyes on the Game of Thrones TV series?
Why did James Bond need to die in "You Only Live Twice" opening?
Identify Kids Time Travel TV Show
When Walter and Jesse get stranded in the desert, could they have made the walk?
How did the two birds in the cage die?
Why doesn't Shireen Baratheon have black hair?
Why did Joffrey order to kill all of Robert's bastards?
Why don't the White Walkers take the sea route to Westeros
Why is Adaline watching old tapes and who recorded them?
Why is Snape's Potion/logic puzzle not in the movie?
Why did some people feel Lonely Are the Brave was "brutal" and "sadistic"?
Is Sebastian trying to protect Annette's reputation?
Does the story take place across a single day or over a longer period?
What's the flag/thing on the first episode of Sonic the Hedgehog TV Series?
What did the aliens need help for?
Why would the Disease Department unleash a disease when there could have been other ways to control the population?
What did Vader originally say when he waggled his finger?
Woman trapped in her house by dead alien's forcefield
How is it that no one knows who Arnold is?
How did Preacher get away with an exploding Tom Cruise?
ID a scene where a woman shoots a man on a boat without flinching
Why was there no secret identity or blindspot created for Detective Fusco?
Old Hammer Horror 1960's early 70's - Mummy-like stone creature
Why does Root refer to the Machine as "She", not "He"?
Why doesn't Prometheus kill Curtis?
Was Le Chiffre taking another gamble?
Is the train conductor a time traveler?
Where is the original Fabergé egg in Octopussy?
The reason behind the movie title "Dog Day Afternoon"
Meaning of different color themes in "Hero"
A white priest and a black ex-cop work together to solve a big heist
How did the T-Rex reach the vehicles in Jurassic Park?
What was so bad about Patrick's mother in Manchester By The Sea?
Why wasn't Kurt Russell cast in SG1?
World War 2 movie about a female artist and a Nazi officer
Obsession of Niffler in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
Significance of Trevor's job as an industrial machinist
How did the death eaters go through the magical barrier sorrounding the Weasley's house?
How did Henry die if he rushed to hospital in time and was wheelchaired?
Is Samantha already a famous singer?
In the movie In Bruges, which is the clock tower
Did the car stunt go wrong in "Silent Night Deadly Night 2"?
Was there a cinema-only scene in The Force Awakens?
Did "The Final Countdown" inspire "The Philadelphia Experiment"?
Why was Deadpool's origin as being imbued with Wolverine's mutant healing factor changed?
What does K-2SO stand for?
Why did Galen Erso abandon the Empire?
What is the significance of tomato?
Alan Tudyk in Frozen and Zootopia
What if a head shaving scene gets messed up?
Does Rogue One reference A New Hope in the way the Death Star's firing is depicted?
Why does Doctor Who pronounce "Van Gogh" differently than Wikipedia's audio pronunciation?
How exactly did they find an actress that is almost an exact clone of original Mon Mothma?
Why did Sollozzo risk it?
Why does Samberly claim the gamma ray cannon shoots in a parabolic arc if it fires straight?
Memories related to 'Oh My Darling Clementine' in the movie Eternal sunshine
Importance of the bruise of Clementine in Eternal sunshine
Disney Research Medusa quoted in the end credits of Rogue One about "teeth"?
Why wasn't Michael arrested after returning from Sicily?
At what point can a host control another host in Westworld?
Why did the Chechens leave the money in the bag with the bloody arm?
Why does Harold mostly keep the same first name when he creates fake identities/aliases?
Tv show about kids traveling parallel worlds to find their dad
How does the First Order have the resources to build the Starkiller Base?
Does House kill himself?
How was Coming to America received in the black community?
How did Bucky get the rank of Sergeant?
Was Carter going to jump on the grenade?
What was the other translator's version of the Sanskrit word for war?
What is this blueprint that Zola grabs?
Is it possible for a host to go beyond its storyline?
Openess about the Pope's children in the Borgias
What is the verse spoken at the end of the movie
Why do stormtroopers wear body armor?
How was the voice acting done for Grand Moff Tarkin
Which of the previous Star Wars films does one need to watch before Rogue One?
Are those "Through the Looking Glass" movie background quotes anyhow related to Lewis Carroll?
What did Captain Quinlan mean by this?
Why did the Strangers make up Shell Beach in human's heads when they were not even supposed to go there?
What is the reason the Hulk (Bruce Banner) says he is always angry in The Avengers?
What happens at the end of Akira?
In what spot would the new Star Wars movie "Rogue One" go in the Machete Order?
Was Kris Kringle really Santa?
Why does Stryker look 'distorted' in X2?
Why Mystique's claw got broken into two piece
What is the origin of Machete Order?
Why was Saito old in Limbo?
Breaking Bad S4E10 "Salud" Walter Jr's jacket
Why did Cassian Andor abandon his mission?
Is Darth Vader's castle on Mustafar in Rogue One?
Did they shoot a different ending?
Frozen Jack: Actor or Prop?
Significance of Aeroplane engine sounds in The Wind Rises
What is the meaning behind the "all shapes and sizes" dialogue in Pulp Fiction?
What does "What Larks, Pip" mean in The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel?
Was this Rogue One love story originally intended?
Do people ever lie in "The Expanse"?
Why did Star Wars stop pushing the boundaries of special effects?
Was 1977’s “The Making of Star Wars” the first "Making of…” documentary?
Why is Travis a "walking contradiction"?
How to measure power level in Harry Potter's universe?
Why didn't the characters wake up when the van went off the bridge in Inception?
Is there an indication that the multiple "Clue" endings influenced it's box office reception?
Were any scenes in Rogue One filmed in Tikal?
Was Carrie Fisher's voice used in Rogue One?
How come there isn't a scene showing the four other kids exiting the factory?
How did the cucumber get detected at the airport?
Why the shift in Ned Land's character?
"I am Negan" lifted from the movie Spartacus?
How does Sevier decode the coordinates for Alton's destination?
Why does Team Machine need to save the Machine instead of creating a new
Why did Vader dislike Krennic?
Who are the sixteen bastards of Robert Baratheon?
Why is Titanic's Astor asking if Jack is from the Boston Dawsons?
Foreseeing the murder of Ann Lively in The Minority Report
Which clue KSI have to make Transformer : Transformers Age of Extinction
Is Rorschach bulletproof?
Why is the movie called "Dirty Dancing"?
Was Jediism shown to be a religion in Episodes I-VI?
How come he didn't use the most obvious solution to "grasp" time - dates?
Why is Alex Kirkman disappointed in Tom Kirkman for what happened to the Syrian refugees?
Is Red John's motive ever revealed?
What are the meanings of the terms "Passed" and "Approved" with regards to a movie title?
What happened to Billie "The Blue Bear" after knocking out Maggie in Million Dollar Baby?
American vs British Holiday Schedules
Is Prairie an unreliable narrator?
Did the Soggy Bottom Boys ever get a record contract?
Why does the rift-causing machine not get sucked up into the rift as it is closing?
What is the saying in the Goonies just before they pop through into the treasure room?
McClane is a NYPD cop. Wife Works in LA. Why was the plane going to Dulles?
Why did Sansa refuse to leave with Sandor Clegane (the Hound) during the Battle of Blackwater?
Why does Yoshi Araki say "Wow" in this conversation?
What does "We will stand on principle" mean in The Iron Lady?
A question about Chilton's fate in "The Accountant"
How many episodes of Little lord have been aired so far in Turkey?
Why was The Accountant feeding information to King?
Has any real-life US military unit committed Die-Hard-2-level treason?
Why did Budd lie about him having his sword?
How Does the Delta Flyer Get Repaired in Star Trek: Voyager Season 7?
Why did Lagertha do what she did?
What was Sam saying in Van Helsing episode 11?
Communication between Trinity and Neo
YT-1300 light freighter in Star Wars motion pictures?
Did Hannah Wells' have a 'story'?
How does Tony survive neck hangings with this small flute?
The Hockey Puck and Combat Carl in Toy Story
Lattice in Barry lyndon
Need some clarification on the Gremlins “after midnight” rule
Identify this convertible car from Man in the High Castle
Why did Lancel Lannister become a "Sparrow"?
Why did Johnny Cage leave his "friendship" offering after his fight with Scorpion?
How do they move puppets inside the car?
Why did Mortal Kombat: Legacy S01E06 have a special notice added from the director in the start?
Why did Machinima make Mortal Kombat: Legacy viewing private on YouTube?
Where is the Westworld park actually located?
How Exactly Does the Ghost of Christmas Present Work?
Are the methods and tools used by Veronica Mars plausible?
How did Blofeld's control center manage to have live video feed of their own spaceship?
Why does Cersei say that she killed her husband?
Why did Blofeld tell Hans to keep the keys to spaceship's self-destruct?
Why did French see himself as Homer in the mirror?
Why does PreCrime's machine report murders by carving names onto wooden balls?
Significance of Enchantress' entry in the metahuman file
90's Horror movie - Husband dies and return as an evil spirit
Star Wars Rogue One is set in what period? Do the events take place before "The Force Awakens"?
How did Christian Wolff kill this guy without hurting himself?
Title of movie in French about lip-reading woman who steals money from a criminal
Who is Denny Crane supposed to be in the costume party in S03e13?
Why isn't Kung Lao in any of the Mortal Kombat movies?
Was O-Ren Ishii's sword made by Hattori Hanzo?
What does Mattingly give Parker?
What does It Mean for a Film to be "Stylish"
1980's/1990's French comedy with a person who can't be captured in a photograph
Where was the song Dil Dhoondhta Hai from the film Mausam filmed?
What happened to Obi-Wan's lightsaber after his encounter with Darth Vader?
Why are the first and last scene not the same in Dear John?
How do Mr. Brooks and Marshall have a conversation without alerting the surrounding people?
Which kingdoms are in rebellion even after the Battle of the Blackwater?
Was Jim planning to open the Inn on Christmas Day?
Why are "The Thanksgiving House" and "Legally Tender" (both movies) the same movie?
What were the three words represented by 3W?
Where do the powers come from?
Why is Nancy the only one affected?
Modern Sci-fi movie about device that kills people who look at it
Why did Biggles die?
Why is the life of the Jews in the concentration camp on the projector shown as very beautiful?
Was the incredible K-2SO inspired by an earlier kill droid, HK-47?
Why didn't Tupolev destroy the incoming torpedo?
How could Ryan land in New York in early morning?
What is the significance of sex scene in Batman: The Killing Joke?
Episode From Old Sci-fi TV Series
How did Steven get bail in The Cable Guy?
What's the term for a scene in a film that references previous material to make a perfect moment?
Does Punisher have superpowers?
Did the Empire have a backup set of plans for the first Death Star?
In the Attack of the Clones poster made by Drew Struzan, why is Count Dooku/Darth Tyranus not included in the poster?
How it's decided which parts of a book will be in the movie?
Why wasn't the Imperial Pilot in Rogue One made insane or affected?
What did the "Young Turks" bit on Money Monster mean?
What did Buster Moon say to the dancers that offended them?
Did Wonka know where the Golden Tickets were?
In Maigret's Dead Man episode, why is he asked to file the case closed?
What does "filmed before a live studio audience" mean for Cheers?
How could someone return to Earth if there isn't any way to put them into hibernation?
Who is the boy referred to in the title of the movie "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas"?
What would happen after their deaths?
Did Ross tell his parents that Carol was a lesbian in the Pilot?
What is the meaning of this poster for The Lobster?
Are there any authoritative explanations for why video game movie adaptations receive poor critical reception?
How come they couldn't heal Captain Pike's injuries in Star Trek?
Is there a precedent for the way the Lincoln Letter was used in The Hateful Eight?
What is the name of this method/effect where a character repeats the exact same sentence of another character?
What happened to the older brother (who we never see)?
What episodes are the other doppelgangers in?
How was this opening title sequence from Atkinson's Maigret made?
Was the "Tall Man" who abducted David the mother?
Why can't activated grown brain of Lucy control itself to some percentage?
How fast can hyperdrive-equipped Star Wars vessels travel?
Why was Æon Flux not pre-screened for critics?
What does it actually mean to "break bad"?
Why does the news reporter not say anything about the lady in “Don't Breathe”?
Read the braille on Khatun and Prarie's father's faces (The OA)
What's the production process for songs for Disney animated musicals?
What was the significance of Northern cardinal?
What exactly did Vader do with his hand in Rogue One?
Did Rowan Atkinson's character purposely distract the check-in agent?
To Whom does "me" refer to in the title "Drag Me to Hell"?
At what stage of animation are branding assets like posters created?
Where to look up which dubs exist? (That is: Translations into which languages are there of a movie or series?)
Looking for 80s-90s film with reptilian aliens featuring a man trying to rescue a teenaged girl
What's with the "cockatoo jump scare" in Citizen Kane?
Is Chirrut in a relationship with Baze Malbus?
Has Jason Bourne been more dangerous to US assets than enemies?
Where were original Batman and Joker before?
Why do they show unrelated lines at the beginning of the movie?
The conclusions taken by James about the Blair Witch
What is the city in Zootopia/Zootropolis called in the US version?
Why is Alpha Pig's symbol a triangle?
Stock exchange robbery in The Dark Knight Rises
Why does the machine give the number of Terry Easton?
The title of an English-spoken apocalyptic movie which features a large circuit of criminal-related trade in virtual reality experiences (pre 2000s)
Chaplin was a composer too?
Why did Zobrist leave the trail to the virus in the first place?
Old western set in a cavalry outpost in the desert -- lots of friction between the commander and his newest lieutenant
Why does the guard not check the pastries?
In the opening credits of a TV show, why do some people get an "and" before their name?
In Mortal Kombat: Annihilation, why did Johnny Cage get killed so quickly?
How were Sophie's interactions with the BFG filmed?
Why does the DOA: Dead or Alive film have an additional DOA in the title?
Is the Scooby-verse a single universe or a multi-verse?
Where is the "I don't carry a gun. I drive," clip from Drive (2011)?
Why does Frank Castle place a red pump beside a car?
How do characters act so fast in movies?
Why do Cleo and the other robots build a bug like creature using a nuclear battery?
Why did the host technicians obey Maeve instead of shutting her down and cleaning all her data?
When did Clay become a phoner?
Why were the Miami Dolphins chosen to be portrayed?
Why are the Jessica Jones intro's endings different from each other?
Why did Mary Watson say what she said at the end of "The Six Thatchers"?
Film (possibly) set in Ancient Rome where a noble boy and his gladiator guardian pose as prisoners to escape assassination
Who is Arcade in The Magnificent Seven?
How did Sherlock find out who is the guilty one in "The Six Thatchers"?
In Godfather I and/or The Godfather Saga, who played the child star of Woltz?
Did Sollozzo's plan make any sense?
Why did DC Animated Universe skip Jason Todd/Red Hood?
Why was Oscar’s description of his savior that of Jesus Christ?
Why do movies include the title of the movie in the opening credits?
What was the filming technique used to film "Jim's Ride"?
Why does Harold choose to lock down the machine again?
Old slasher movie from the 80s where people die in ways that are based on their names
What was the deal between the Machine and John?
The A. G. R. A. flash drive
In MCU, Hawkeye and Black Widow talked about Budapest. What really happened in Budapest?
Why didn't the bartender allow Robbie Hart to drink at the bar?
What about the other AGRA drives?
Why was the ship running at full capacity before any passengers were expected to be awake?
Why do the visitors lick the seer's hand in Vikings?
Is the boy Saroo's parents adopt the austistic boy in Calcutta?
How is it possible that the Seer from Vikings is still alive?
Why is the ghost of Vitruvius on a string?
Are budgets planned costs or actual costs?
In season 1 of The Walking Dead, why does Jenner whisper it to Rick
In Suicide Squad why don't they give Harley Anything
Why does Negan kill this character in TWD S07E08?
Han is insanely rich, why is he ripping off the Yakuza?
What does the ending scene of The Sopranos mean?
Were the 1934 St Louis Cardinals Team the Inspiration for Daffy Duck?
Why do these 4 names appear before the cast in the closing credits?
How was cast selected in the show Louie?
In "The Six Thatchers", why does Watson blame Sherlock rather than himself?
Is it really possible to cause military-grade explosives to explode with a gun shot?
When does Nate start to train the next generation of Leverage, Inc?
What do the radio messages mean in the 1984 version of Red Dawn?
Why do the two main characters not have children?
Why did Adaline run away?
How long was the kingdom under the spell before Belle arrived?
Are the black circles in Arrival just random shapes?
Unusual parking garage elevator in opening scene of The Driver (1978)
40-50s Bollywood movie about a family breaking
Why was Arioch Cain on the list instead of Wendigo?
Why didn't Semmi move all of the things to Apartment 1A?
Who writes the descriptions on Netflix?
Is the character of "the Swede" a "method actor" in Hell On Wheels?
Where is Shogunworld physically located?
Why is Donald Blythe depicted as a weak Acting President?
What explains the connection between the boat's name and Lee's daughter?
Are the Martians saying "Ut" or "Ack"?
Did Krennic make a calculated error?
What is this apartment in which the Terminator fixes himself?
Did Michael Jackson do a voiceover in The Simpsons?
How did Cecilia Lisbon end up in Calcutta?
Why do they only want loose cash and not bundles?
Lyman Zerga's taste of steel touching his skin
Ground sensors in Ocean's Eleven vault
Which escape attempt was "a bit of a fiasco" in Chicken Run?
Was Chicken Run inspired by any specific movies? If so, which?
Was the end of Passengers realistic?
Did Jack die at the end from a shotgun wound?
Meteorite flash above Congress building around 35:02 mark in Sleepy Hollow
Did Vito Corleone know that Carlo was also involved in Santino's murder?
What was the meaning of Vito Corleone giving Carlo a "living"?
Movie about a girl who had another different life when she dreamed
Why could they use the cold fusion engine?
How did Adebisi make his hat hang on his head?
How is this scene pertinent to the plot?
In Jason Bourne, why does Lee want Dewey gone?
Why did Anakin betray the republic despite promising he won't
Can someone explain Lestrade's joke in "The Six Thatchers"?
Is there any term for this when a movie doesn't end as its plot suggests?
How realistic was the sword fight in Rob Roy?
Does Gollum have another split personality other than the Ring?
Why was this A/V synchronization mistake never fixed?
What is the process for getting a movie remastered?
Who ended up on the hood of the Serenity?
Portrayal of women and children in Jones County revolt against the Confederacy
Scarface Tony Montana quote meaning
Why does Viktor say that the sons of the Corvinus clan is a ridiculous legend?
What information do we know about Sherlock's newest character?
Why did Culverton give the original page and other info?
Why is Snape's Patronus a doe?
How did Pleasantville get an image of the Pyramid of Khafre on TV?
Is Forrest Jr. actually Forrest's son?
In S01E01, what was Robert Ford (Hopkins) doing in the storage area with the old cowboy host?
Is a twist ending that occurs at the end of a series of films still called a twist ending?
Why did Mrs. Mitchell describe Al Harrison as a rough boss?
What was the brand of whisky that Rossi received?
Who is featured in the opening of "O is not for Over" in Odd Squad
How did they talk to MacLaren for so long after stopping him from falling?
Did Kenny from "Shut up And Dance" in Black Mirror really do what they say he did?
In "A Clockwork Orange," where was Alex's trial?
Process of a TV network forming a schedule and sending out a broadcast?
When is Attack On Titan set?
Were Viktor and Alexander Corvinus acquaintances before they became immortal?
Why change the ending of Inferno from the novel?
How are difficult/disturbing scenes involving children dealt with during film making?
Why are MPAA ratings placed differently in movies vs trailers?
Why is Marcus Corvinus's hybrid nature different from Michael Corvin?
Why Walt Disney renamed Zootopia in UK?
90's or 00's show/movie - Teens with super suit
Why is Percy Jackson said to be 'son of Zeus, Hades or Poseidon'?
How does Tony know about Pussy?
Why Lash has been killing Inhumans?
What does Ivy mean in this exchange?
How did Odin Quincannon's actions serve God?
Does Hagrid know Harry is alive?
Could Reese know he was John's father?
Could the video recorder of Blair Witch Project (original) last as long as it did?
Why was Arwen's fate tied to the ring?
Is there any science behind tasting (dinosaur) poop?
Have we ever seen Data make use of his "multiple techniques" before First Contact?
What was the Lycan cannon?
What happened to the humans?
How was the prosperous Kattegat not taken over in Vikings?
How closely tied into the source material is Assassin's Creed?
How accurate is the portrayal of vikings in the TV series Vikings
What is the meaning of the movie title "The Way Way Back"?
Why a negative depiction of Reagan?
Contact movie ending
How did Bobby Bacala climb up so high in the Family ranks without popping his cherry?
Why does the Underworld film series avoid female Lycans?
Did the producers of "Buffy" know that the show would be renewed before the Season 5 finale?
What is the significance of the scene the proprietor is watching during the "laundry scene"?
Pertaining to The Martian, what is the ratio of SOLs to Earth days?
How did Queen feel about the Highlander film?
Who is the Doctor who broke the promise?
Contaminated water horror film, army poisons vet to shut her up
Is there any rule to get signed consent from characters while doing biography movies?
Why did Viktor wait so long to kill Selene's family?
If events happen that Michael doesn’t know about, does that mean that he isn’t dreaming?
What exactly does the poster of Schindler's list depict?
How is it possible that Maeve can control Bernard?
Film that involves a young couple being lured or hypnotized by some foreign being
Why is a black & white movie shown in middle of the movie?
70s skit - "I hope you've sealed the envelope properly"
Which game is it?
How did Pippin know that Saruman was cutting the forest
How does Pamela Landy conclude that Ward Abbott had Conklin killed?
Why did the earth not get destroyed in Independence day: Resurgence?
What are those faces at the beginning of DuckTales the Movie?
Did Magneto know that Apocalypse intended to kill Charles Xavier?
How James know Layla hid the flash drive in the bottom of a bottle?
What was Jong-goo's sin?
The Apple of Eden and its uses
Does Sherlock have an eating disorder?
What explains the ending of Triple 9?
What are the controversies around the movie Elle?
The Accountant - How did they know?
Knife throw in final leap-of-faith
What did The Accountant do wrong?
Movie where people are in bunkers and one of them goes mad
Was the change in the hockey mask an intentional "New Beginning"?
Is she lying on the phone?
What is the meaning and significance of the quote "Life is like a box of chocolates"?
Why are the power rangers so concerned about their identities in *White Light Part II*?
Why are there lines missing from the Netflix versions of Buffy?
What is the difference to the international version of the Twin Peaks pilot and why is there a difference?
Why is there a Fairy shortage
Why does Rose's grandmother say the following dialogue?
Black and white, man and boy custody story, urban setting, circa 1950-1960
What did Roger and Anita in 101 Dalmations do for income?
Is the villain in Disney's Princess and the Frog a doctor, and what is he a doctor of?
What does Harris do to Arnulfo at the end of 600 Miles, and why?
Is wrestling like WWE Fake?
Sniper Reloaded: "These are code 5 won't work in Belgium"
Why does Sherlock use "God"-expressions when he does not believe in god?
Was the horse shot at the beginning of The Revenant real?
Very old animated show taking place in the insect world
Why is there a box in Detective Charles Boyle's pants?
Bob's Burgers "FM" references
Do I need knowledge of American culture and history to enjoy Forrest Gump?
What was the location of Andreas Tanis exile?
How does Light Yagami manage to hide a portable TV inside the chips packet?
How was the red coat in Schindler's List created?
Sherlock S04E03: how does the prison glass disappear?
Did Tiberius have romantic feelings towards Sabinus?
Did Julius Caesar really get raped by the son of Crassus?
What do the dancing men say in "The Final Problem" of Sherlock?
Why is there no music by Elvis in Elvis & Nixon?
Old black-and-white political comedy about a young idealist running for Mayor
How did the OA acquire her wisdom?
Why was Eurus sent back to Sherrinford?
Is Eurus mentioned in books?
Why was the Christmas present for Eurus so important?
Why the change in "Rating" for Batman vs Superman in extended cut?
What do the spear and watermelon jokes in "Airplane!" mean?
Movie where a man runs with a cam in his hand
How was RedBeard not found?
Why were Olive and Emma's powers changed in Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children?
Why didn't Vito kill those two guys?
Why did Karl's father go to switzerland in the movie "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas"
Have movies successfully defied pre-screening tests?
Why is there a disclaimer about not accepting money from tobacco companies at the end of movies?
What was the method behind Graves' appearance?
The OA last episode - FBI Agent's involvement?
How are dementors born and propagated? Plus, can they die?
What was the grenade supposed to accomplish?
Why are Sherlock and Mycroft written as snarky atheists?
Character foreknowledge in the climax of Paul Verhoeven's Elle
The false claim that resemblance to real people is accidental
Possible Deadpool character cameo
Is it true that Jodorowsky killed all the lambs himself for the crucifixion procession in The Holy Mountain?
What does 'All Stop' mean precisely from the captain?
How do Cyclops and Storm find Wolverine and Rogue, and why at that moment?
German film where two men hold a couple hostage
What was Sherlock's backup plan in "The Lying Detective"?
Why wasn't Evey recognized?
How do Elliot Alderson and Cisco communicate with dark army in Mr. Robot?
Why was Evey's head still shaved?
How did the doctor know the cause of death just by putting his ear on the dead body?
Why does the hospital staff incorrectly assume the writer of the blog in the lying detective
Why does Smith keep asking the duration of employment to his staff members
What is Eurus's motive in the final problem
Why is the book still wanted if Aida has memorized it?
Description of A Series of Unfortunate Event's visual style
Pink Panther's background song
In which 1950s movie did an industrial factory process abducted humans?
What was the movie playing in Sherlock (The Final Problem)?
How were the force fields of the tripods disabled in the War of the Worlds remake?
How is there money still left for Emilio Lopez?
Why wasn't the line of succession for cabinet members followed after they died?
Japanese animated movie (1940s, '50s or '60s?) about boy surrounded by magical beings
Is mankind still doomed at the end of "Oblivion"?
What official sequels have there been to the 1939 Wizard of Oz movie?
Was Mojo Jojo the first mad scientist chimpanzee?
What is this movie? Very similar to Arrival
How did Rizzoli & Isles get the weight gain/loss "before" pictures?
In Pushing Daisies Digby has lived much longer than a normal dog since he's been "alive again"; is he immortal? Therefore is Chuck immortal?
Why does Kelly Foster smile by seeing Benjamin vomiting?
What is the significance of the word "cuss" in Fantastic Mr. Fox?
Was the owl that woke up Cousin Vinny real or a prop?
Why was Mr.Gibbs working on Royal ship?
What was the significance of Red Indian and the Mascot's appearances?
Why did Emily trap the Mayor?
Abducted woman calls man with damaged phone for help, has only one call
Why Jack was carrying the wooden sword
Explanation of the last scene in Blue Jay (2016)
Was "the Kid" Don's real son?
Is the Rogue One final beach scene a reference to another movie?
Is any of the footage in Patriots Day real?
In "Hell or High Water", why don't they catch Toby?
Dib's voice, in Invader Zim
How hitting small transformer blacked out whole rio city?
Why did Mycroft and Sherlock disguise themselves to meet Eurus?
Is Beast Boy's transformation of Justice League vs. Teen Titans a nod to Genomorphs from Young Justice?
Why did no one seem to question whether the girl on the plane was real?
How does the gun get back?
Is the 2016 movie Trolls about opium addiction?
How many references to famous Holmeses are there in Sherlock?
Looking for a movie about Abraham Lincoln's impact on a small town before he is inaugurated
What is the bird and/or the birdcage supposed to represent while Hank and Leticia have sex?
Why does the devil go by the name John Milton?
Have any fights happened because of the joking on Impractical Jokers
What were Tessio's intentions when he is surrounded by bodyguards?
Did De Niro and Pacino actually meet during The Godfather II shooting?
Who was the fifth one that was killed by Harvey Dent in The Dark Knight?
Why are movies still shot on film?
Was Mr. Nobody a profitable investment?
Why did Mycroft have to break into a facility that he has authority over?
Was Jack in love with someone else right before his death?
How does Gogo's meteor hammer work?
What does Stephen mean by the line "No man in England could be a slave"?
Why was Marisa Tomei nominated for Best Actress in a Supporting Role instead of Best Actress?
Why does Rachel Parsons torture Miranda instead of the real perpetrator?
Was the scenery in Casper (1995) CGI?
Why does Gimli ask for Galadriel's hair?
What is Mike Milligan's new job at the end of Fargo Season 2?
Why does Sherlock get angry?
Did any actor ever win an Oscar for their work in a horror movie?
Use of capital letters in credits
Clearing the Shire of Orcs and Goblins
Police Arrests in "North By Northwest"
Were there early signs Pat liked Kat?
Blowing up the bad guys on their turf in a selfless act
Was William based on the real Ulrich von Liechtenstein?
Kaplan's Mission in "North By Northwest"
Is "Ripley's Believe It or Not" mostly false?
Is the misquotation “politics is war by other means” by Lyndon B. Johnson authentic?
How much technology does Oz have in Emerald City?
Why is Jon Snow's hair black?
Why didn't Mycroft speak the truth in "The Final Problem"?
Why did Jennifer lose all her powers just from losing the BFF chain?
Is Mr. Eko a mispronunciation of Mistereko?
How does he open the door with the help of a tennis ball?
House MD s5 e18 Here Kitty. Was the cat real or CGI?
How many face expressions did Kubo have?
Were four actors initially cast for the role of Tony in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus?
Why did Khatun Speak Arabic?
Why doesn't Elrond stop Islidur in Mount Doom?
What did the entity in Paranormal Activity write on the ouija board?
How come the current owners don't know what's going on in hotel Cortez in Season 5?
What was the first "revenge" movie?
What was the significance of the tire iron?
How did Alfred's story about the bandit help Bruce in dealing with the Joker?
Night's Watch vs Army of Dead - Unshown battles
Where did the walking stick come from?
Why is Paulie so easily suspected?
The "two cups of chino" joke
When did Jeor Mormont ask Tarly to send the ravens?
Why does Dr. Parnassus keep making deals and wagers?
Why did Sherlock change clothes before seeing Irene Adler?
What is the difference between the horror and thriller genres?
Why is Batman almost always paired with two villains?
Why Boole and not Babbage?
Why is Rosemary's face never shown in the beginning of the movie?
Old animated film with two short fantasy races at odds with each other -- a bride got kidnapped
How did the two dragons get unchained?
Why Carrie didn't kill gym teacher in 2013 movie?
College/Teen movie where they drug a hot teachers chocolate then watch her through a two-way mirror
Why do actors often play their last scene on a movie on their first day of filming?
When is an actor's appearence considered a cameo?
Husband decides to divorce her for a younger female, she doesn't let him leave, they end up together
Why didn't Eurus kill Doctor Watson in Sherlock?
Why do the mathematicians snap their fingers as applause in Hidden Figures?
Why does Chigurh cry?
Thriller movie about a (bad/mean) twin who reaches and tries to trade places with her twin sister through lucid dreams
Meaning of the green eye palette in Amelie
Why was Vincent in his underwear?
Why is the title "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids"?
What is the meaning of the cop's words?
Why were there more than 10 things that she hates in Kat's poem?
Did Nolan deliberately do the Joker fall scene in reverse to Burton's version?
Why is Dexter so hung up on Rita?
Why ask Billy for help instead of Castiel in S12E09: First Blood?
Why was Luke behaving this way towards his mother in The Next Three Days?
What does "you'll end up needing a much bigger toothbrush" mean?
What was the (unsolved) clue that would have revealed the location of Redbeard?
What is the meaning of the numbers in Princess Bubblegum's electrocardiogram?
Why do we frequently see movie characters watching very old black and white movies?
How did anyone know Charles Kane's last words?
Horror movie where pregnant girl is haunted by her boyfriend's ex-wife/girlfriend
Why is Luke not hitting back Emil Pangborn in this scene?
What is the meaning of Marv's expression about "hearing his blood"?
How did Chief Hopper and Joyce Byers decide where to go when seeking Will?
Outbreak Kevin Spacey
Why didn't Rohan kill Inspector Nalawde in Kaabil?
What was in the present from Robert to Sandy in A Patch Of Fog
Why didn't the Beast kill Julia?
Why did the humans not communicate pictorially to the aliens in Arrival?
Was Arthur Seldom based on a particular real-life mathematician?
Did the moment when the Chinese general tells his phone number actually happen?
What is the bit-depth of a movie played in the movie theater?
Why is Two-Face mad at Jim Gordon?
What were the glowing braces that disappear?
Were oranges an intentional use of symbolism by filmmakers?
Why is Dean able to see god's/Chuck's light?
What happens to the movie, after it has run out in theaters?
Stroboscopic effects in "Love Actually"
Identify a film where woman lives entire life in seconds before a car crash
Did Mama Cecile and Papa Justify use a spell to keep their enemies from talking?
Why is Mycroft unable to solve The Final Problem
What does the Piano scene mean in the Godfather?
Why is the movie title One Day?
Why did filmmakers need permission to film in black and white?
Is it true that none of the cast knew what to expect in the famous "chestburster scene" in Alien?
Why did Solomon Lane still trust Ilsa?
A Japanese film about two people who steal money from an ambulance patient who turns out to be a mobster?
Who was the fourth child in Clown?
What causes Chloe to bleed?
What is meant when a show or film is called "dark"?
How can't Herman recognize the real Dyle in Charade?
What's the future of the 3D technolgy used in theaters?
Why did Olivia's family celebrate Thanksgiving?
What is the significance of Kat's despising of Hemingway?
Why did Fernand stop escaping after he shot Mercedes?
How do the TV movie channels decide the day to day movie schedules?
What happened to Mo?
What makes Sean go through the transformation at the end of Good Will Hunting?
In "Mr. Turner", who is the man in the red robe?
Comedy movie, alien report on human sexuality
What is the point of throw the rock?
Why is Temple of Doom a prequel?
Was John Bender actually the hero in The Breakfast Club?
What technique was used to create this effect?
Are there any other films which are constructed in a "Photomontage with narration" style similarly to La Jetée?
Why is there an alternate Superman meets Lex Luthor underground scene?
Can a president really leave the White House with barely any security?
How did Sherlock come up with the word "anyone" in "The Lying Detective"?
Why did Eurus give the note from Culverton to Sherlock?
Was there an orange in “Elephant’s Dream”?
What does the drowning sequence represent?
How many times did Emmett Brown travel through time?
How is Noele's reply related to Craig's question?
Why are the crew members in Passengers locked in?
One-season comedic satire about a modern Hollywood producer
Are the episodes of An Idiot Abroad out of order?
What is the lifespan of a Wookie?
What Star Trek TOS characters have been confirmed to be appearing in Discovery?
Who are these people in the pictures in Adam's room?
Why didn't Author, Author reference A Measure of a Man?
Why is Spaceballs specifically numbered Chapter XI?
What did the Bishop mean by his "last remittance"?
Where is P3-575 located?
What are the units for these numbers?
Why isn't Anthony "Tony" Janekowski able to close the eyes of the dead body?
Why does Lex Luthor let her die?
Why didn't Kaecilius use the teleport spell to steal the book he wanted?
Are the vampires rationing the blood, and is it affecting them?
What does the bird symbolize in Arrival?
How could Louise tell this to the Chinese General?
Did Powerless use Adam West’s voice?
Why does Mycroft give a blank look to Sherlock, when asked about the response time?
Why do Adam and Eve live so far apart?
Please identify a series in which some teens meet in the night and tell horror stories
Why doesn't Yuriko get suspicious that a janitor is in a handscan-protected room?
Is Agrabah in India?
Why did Groundhog Day take place on Groundhog Day?
Did Seinfeld ever use his computer?
Why did Leo Higgins have a burnt nose in Muriel's Wedding?
Where is that house with amazing lakeview from HBO's Band Of Brothers?
Is there a trope for cowboys who laugh after punching something?
When did Colonel Hans Landa decide to change his intentions to end the war in Inglourious Basterds?
Why did the Japanese allow the prisoners to stop working and watch Louis' game?
What was funny about Hanzo's hand in the film Predators?
How can the chainsaw-scene of "American Psycho" (2000) be explained?
Cop scene explanation from John Wick (2014)
What does "Welcome to the IMF... Mr. Secretary." signify?
What exactly is the director trying to express in the scene where Mia and Sebastian are flying through the stars?
Was there any notable pushback against "dark" (lack of lighting) cinematography?
What exactly happened to Louise's first husband in Arrival?
What are all the films in Colonel Sandurz's collection?
What is the origin of the cat jump scare?
How did they shoot the clone scenes in "Moon"?
Why did Cameron show the baby doll so prominently in Titanic?
How is Edward Dalton still standing, even after being bitten by a vampire?
Movie about a young boy who get's sucked into his antenna and so transporting him into his tv or some parallel world
What techniques were used to film zero-g scenes in The Expanse?
Why didn't Felix Leiter catch Le Chiffre after the game was done?
What is the significance of the torn off button scene in The Next Three Days?
Would the 18 months later conversation between Louise and General Shang still be the same after the events of the movie?
Why didn't the Japanese cut the ropes in Hacksaw Ridge?
Why does Lou scold Willy Mays Hayes after he makes a catch?
Why does Nicole Kidman not look like Nicole Kidman in The Hours?
New Character in Vikings
Why didn't the closed captioning team have access to the Super Bowl halftime show song lyrics?
Why would an advanced alien use a subway train to get into the city?
At what point does friendship become "queerbait"?
Why are the Passengers in the pods?
Why there are such big time gaps between airing the episodes of "Lucifer"?
What is the meaning behind this scene in American Sniper where the nurses ignore Bradley Cooper and his crying baby?
What is M Night Shyamalan saying with the ending of Split?
Why did Jordan Belfort need people with Swiss passports to smuggle money?
Is the Alice in the end of "Resident Evil: Apocalypse" a clone or the real one?
Was it ever shown how red-pills enter the Matrix (similar to the phone-booth animation when exiting)?
Was the father known as soon as the decision about pregnancy was made by the writers?
Did Korben engage in a fight in The Fifth Element?
Why is Clark out doing random odd jobs all over in Man of Steel?
What was the need of all those magical tricks such as the rabbit trick or the bubble trick etc. on the second act in Now You See Me?
Why did Rogue One have such an abrupt tone shift?
Why does everyone park so far away?
How did Jamal get into the game show?
Does Ruby Rhod fall under rainbow umbrella, is it even established in the film?
Did the creators of "Arrival" intend to share a pro-life message?
Why was K-Mart's name changed from the original draft script?
How do actors create the same emotion during sound dubbing sessions?
Why did they decide to continue with the Skywalker Saga?
How could their neighbor spy on both Monica's and Joey's apartments?
Who is Natalie in the movie Memento?
Should I watch Dawn of the Dead before watching Shaun of the Dead?
What really happened to Zatanna during her fight with Felix Faust?
Do we ever get a clue as to the initials H.W. or was this his given name by his biological father?
What is the significance of spiders in 2013 movie Enemy?
Do I need to watch the first John Wick to understand John Wick 2?
Why did humanity need to work together to get the Aliens' gift if Louise had it already?
Old animation movie with girl who has magic necklace or pendant that she could never take off,
Is the set the set, or a set of the set?
How can the behavior of the aliens be explained?
Traductions: are lips movements changed for every language?
John Wick asking for laundry
Was "The Princess Bride" popular enough to have been birthday party theme? (as seen in 'This is Us')
Why is Mycroft willing to help Sherlock in "The Hounds of Baskerville" case?
Valuables in Accountant's trailer drawer
Why did Korben Dallas leave the military?
Why does the defendant area look so different in Fracture
How music piece usage rights work in TV vs YouTube?
What is the first major film that used drones?
James Bond's identity
Why was Ben Affleck cast as Batman instead of keeping Christian Bale?
Why the bollywood dance number in Legion?
Where do these aliens come from?
Was that Karl actually singing?
Looking for an old comedy film set in the American Civil War -- a bunch of oddball soldiers being gathered for a special unit
Why is Neo's body completely hairless until freed from the matrix?
Alien (1979) and Aliens (1986) watching order confusion between theatrical and director's cut
What is the significance of Shasta soft drinks?
Why did Lee buy another basement apartment with limited furniture?
Runic inscription on Finn's mug
Does Caitlin really have Timothy's eyes?
Why didn't the member of Frank's gang say he knew that Billy is the snitch?
What triggers Charly's change of attitude to her daughter?
What is the joke with Rob Reiner's hat?
Why does Katherine take the blue binders to the washroom?
Fate of Miss Justineau in "the Girl with All the Gifts"
What does Jesus wear on his hand?
Why were there traps outside of Colonia?
Why don't they drink wine on the West Wing?
Are guest hosts paid for being on Saturday Night Live (SNL)?
Events between Thor: Dark World and Avengers: Age of Ultron
What is the significance of buttocks?
What is Ben Foster doing in this scene?
Joy kept a bottle all through the drift. What was it?
Funding Source?
Does the Machine remember already reported numbers?
What does the intro of Nocturnal Animals mean?
Can Loki control Vision?
Was David who he claimed to be?
Why does Travis Bickle have flowers in his apartment?
Why does Negan keep saying he needs to shave?
Why did the aliens leave as soon as the strike was called back in Arrival (2016)
Why doesn't The Vision chase Captain America and The Winter Soldier when they are escaping in the Quinjet?
Why does Westley say Rodents of Unusual Size don't exist?
Why is there no channel logo on the LIVE cricket match?
Why would Travis Bickle go on a date to an adult cinema?
Why does Travis Bickle attempt the assassination?
The ending of the relationship between Travis Bickle and Betsy
Why did she bring flowers to the tomb?
Why did Dr. Malcolm suddenly believe Cole?
Why are the crew wearing anti-contamination suits?
Where does Amy Farrah Fowler work?
What is the significance of the sheriff's colored sunglasses in Kill Bill vol 1?
Was Claire and Lee checking out the house a flashback?
Buddy cop movie with one partner a "zombie"
TV series where a boy moves to a weird town with an episode where an angel statue cries
What happened to the double elimination in the Over the Top tournament?
How did Jacob know what law enforcement was after Seth and Richie?
Which King Henry were Bill and Ted referring to?
How did Michael Scott become regional manager?
Was it that easy to become a vice President at Dunder Mifflin?
What’s up with the weird therapy room in “The Six Thatchers”?
Did John Woo invent the flying-double-pistol-jump?
Is there a reason why Jack turned away when they dropped Glen's body?
What does Rick mean when he says "When it comes to women, you're a true democrat"?
Was there evidence that she existed before Season 3?
80s film set in 20s with single-word title... redhead actress, black man with Rolls Royce?
What happened to Roy Hobbs after the shooting?
What illness did Madame de Tourvel actually die from?
What is the purpose of the specialized subtitles during "The Boogeyman" song?
Why was there a line in "Fifty Shades Darker" from the movie "Working Girl"?
How was Sally Field's Oscar acceptance speech like dialogue from "Norma Rae"?
Why was Beverly Crusher not on the second season of Star Trek: TNG?
Why does time stop when Cinderella steps on the black pitch?
Why astronauts aren't wearing their spacesuits on Mars in The Invisible Enemy?
Is Beric Dondarrion a Targaryen?
Why did Tyrion Lannister go to his father's bedroom?
What is Morgan smoking?
Does time stop when the astral form comes out?
Why are movies still shot in 35mm?
Why did Lord Tywin try to execute Tyrion?
Cartoon in which Donald Duck tries to stop another duck from committing suicide
Why didn't they go looking for a doctor or the government?
Movie referencing the three most powerful people in the world
Please explain what happened to Abbott at the end of Arrival
Reference for Lorax 35-day calendar
What did Tarzan say to Cheeta when Cheeta did a good job?
How can one be nominated for an Oscar as "Best Actor" and "Best supporting Actor" in the same Film?
Was Keanu Reeves cast due to his past hockey experience?
What was the purpose of Johnny Utah firing several rounds into the air?
How did Victor Banerjee do the train scene in A Passage to India?
How can digital projectors play 35mm movies?
What are the seven Kingdoms?
Does anyone know how Jake Sully was able to bond with Leonopteryx?
Please help identify late 80's/early 90's movie: "Catfish" scams women
What exactly does Will Hunting gain from working at MIT?
How is Vatan's sister publicly lesbian?
Why did U-96 not approach Gibraltar submerged?
Is Slim actually visible when stuck in the tree?
Why S.O.E official didn't shoot Max Vatan for not allowing him to investigate Marianne?
Why is the movie titled "She's Out of My League"?
Why is Thea Queen nicknamed "Speedy" instead of Roy Harper?
In World War Z what is the name of this camera technique that switches between the protagonist and what they see?
In T2, was the T-800's arm being left in the steel mill a plot hole?
What was the point of A Scanner Darkly being animated?
When did Black Canary get her "Canary Cry"?
What British TV series featured characters fighting over an alligator doll?
In Pokémon why do the pokeballs change size?
How come Sherlock still remembers how to play the violin?
Where was Zod in the Phantom Zone?
Why the movie title "The Score"?
Why was David's happiness so important to the Mecha descendants?
Why did Aaron Stampler receive that verdict?
Did Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone actually sing and play the piano in La La Land, or was it dubbed over?
Denial- Why not in American Courts?
What building in the final scene of Assassins Creed? (spoiler)
Do Aliens intend to teach every human being the Universal language?
Was Jeremy Clarkson's P45 pitch broadcast within a Dragons' Den episode?
Identify this horror movie about a person going to a mental hospital for work
What do you call the required parts of a TV episode?
Is there an explanation behind vampires not using glamour for turning?
In the Pokémon anime why does the team rocket trio always wear white?
Did John Glenn really ask for that?
Is the story plotline or arc for the Star Wars series going to be overhauled with Carrie Fisher's death?
Do they dream they're superheroes, or do they really become superheroes?
Was there a purpose to Margaret Allison Hart being introduced in Season 7?
Why was the demon after the little girl?
Why are bialys so popular with Tony and crew in The Sopranos?
Why don't they talk in "The Red Turtle"
Why is the biography of comedian Andy Kaufman titled "Man on the Moon"?
What is the meaning of the Jerry Maguire reference in "Begin Again"?
Why is this funny: 'Ok, well, it’s definite, two more weeks of winter'
Who was involved in the casting for the Mickey Mouse Club in the early 1990s?
Can you identify an Indian comedy about a shy man disguised as an extrovert dancer?
In Oceans Eleven are the con names real?
Jean-Luc Godard's editing in sync with a machine gun
How did Gabriel write "BOAT" in the notebook?
80's sci fi movie where the hero falls into a trash dump
What happens if someone becomes Excommunicado?
Why can't they visit each other?
What would happen if Davy Jones would come ashore?
Why should the 13th Warrior not be a Northman?
How much of the original Robocop's organic body is left?
Why steal the egg twice in Oceans Twelve?
How did Doctor Strange repeat the scene where he made the deal with Dormammu?
Is the Santa Clarita Diet virus only bloodbourne?
Is the "Patience will untie it" rhyme a reference to something?
Judge Doom and the Wicked Witch of the West sound the same when they melt
Why does Ragnar not flash on Yidu during his review-of-life scene?
Why was Athelstan the most important person in Ragnar's life?
Who was the boy Aethelwulf sent away, in the rain, on his own?
Is there a canon explanation for certain holodeck differences between Star Trek shows?
Why was Kes ignored in Year of Hell?
Why do the aliens leave the body of their leader on Earth?
How was Sara John Diggle's gender changed in the alternate timeline?
Why does Alice get the lake in with the kayak?
Why doesn't the background scenery match with the face?
What happened to Terrel?
How did they shoot the Black & White scenes in Jackie (2016)?
First movie to show All Persons Fictitious Disclaimer
Does the Red Queen's face intentionally evoke Mickey Mouse?
When were digital effects first used in film or TV?
How is Astral dimension in Dr Strange connected to reality?
What is the art gallery where Fred and Leo meet in Humans 1.7?
Did Prideaux kill all those agents?
How does the Universal Translator work?
What does the number 4587 mean in Legends of Tomorrow Arrowverse
What is the meaning of Frank-N-Furter's words to Rocky?
Why tech giants are unable to prevent piracy/cam(rip)?
Why is Kara Zor-El called Kara Danvers and not Linda?
What is the current position of all Infinity stones in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Who sold insider information to the priest?
Why is episode 6 so short in the OA season 1?
Explain meaning of this quote in Black Hawk Down
The hole to hell or "poor flashlight"
Chachi 420 - Why do so many men fall for her?
Why welcome fake Hugh & Amir to the house even after knowing they are impostors?
Did the Joker say that the villains probably work for Google?
Are scripts seeded to identify leaks?
Was the mistake in the opening scene of The Shining intentional?
Who was Getty and why was he hostile towards Tom?
Does William Wilberforce side with George's son?
Meaning of wolves crossing city street in Collateral
In Days of Future Past, did the past and present occur in real time?
Why did Stauffenberg have to dispose of the items before getting into the flight?
Are these dream posters from Inside Out parodies of real films?
What was Ram planning to do with Saroo in Lion?
How are film festivals like BQFF able to bypass CBFC certification?
Why was Dev Patel nominated for Supporting Actor rather than Best Actor?
Semen eating scene in Toni Erdmann
How protected is the kid actress in Logan from the violence in the film?
Can (Kaiju) DNA be scanned from a distance?
What's that between Matt Damon and Jimmy Kimmel?
What are the rules for eligibility to be included in the "In Memoriam" tribute during the Oscars?
Importance of the white cloth kept by Kevin's therapist
Which members of the production crew are responsible for the envelopes containing Oscar winners?
Is the change in camera handling, related to the characters state of mind?
What are the 'true events'?
Why does Genie rewear the cuffs?
Is there any use in obliviating the town with rainfall after photographs have been taken?
Name for the effect with an 'intensifying thriller sound' as someone is shown eavesdropping?
Who plays K's wife in the first Men in Black?
What's the symbolism behind "The Frog Prince" fairy tale?
Office workers get offered extra money to work faster by evil boss
At the Oscars, who decides where everyone sits?
Why don't they just escape from Negan?
How is a film chosen to be eligible for an Oscar?
Why the disparities in number of nominations?
Naval device appears in the Greco-Roman sea war scene in the 2016 Ben-Hur
Help me identify a movie with a son and a daughter looking for their father on another dimension/world with 3 suns?
Why is Riley sad?
Origin of Killing-Attacker-A-with-Attacker-B's-Weapon?
Why can't Jim get a better coffee/breakfast?
Movie about the last man on Earth who loses his glasses and can't read books
How is a role considered leading vs supporting?
Why does Dwight forget?
Movie about a troubled man that takes his own life by slowly drowning
What are the key differences between Christopher Nolan's batman character and Zack Snyder's batman character?
How many "Oscars" are given out per category
Children actors in R-Rated films
How did Efraim cut out Henry?
Why is Toby Flenderson the way he is?
How did John Quincy get informed about the availability of a heart donor?
Why are Time, Death & Love only visible to Howard?
Why isn't there an Oscar for TV Series, like with the Golden Globes?
Why aren't the front of Oscar winner envelopes marked with the award they're for?
Which author has had the most books adapted for film?
Why was the focus moved to guns rather than smoking in the film adaptation?
Is it because the time gap that Legolas's eyes are different in Hobbit and LOTR?
Did 'Awake' reach a conclusion, or was it cancelled too abruptly?
How did the video of sergeant Brody end up in Saul's hands?
Movie where aliens ally themselves with humans and win war with human technology
What is the Krabby Patty secret formula?
Why do some Oscar presenters present 2 awards?
Why don't Chandler & Rachel recognise each other in “The One With The Flashback”?
Did Hans Landa recognize Shosanna?
What was the significance of two different shoes worn in Peaceful Warrior?
What is the significance of the title Peaceful Warrior
Meaning of the final room in 2001: A Space Odyssey
What is Mackenzie mimimg at Jim Harper at the near ending ot the season 1 premiere?
What does the title "Gone in 60 Seconds" mean?
What really happened to Hrothgar's dead body?
Was the radio announcement an innuendo that Vincent would be at Butch's apartment?
Are content rating criteria applied to music videos?
Did Quentin Tarantino act in all of his movies?
Who performed the stunts for the fight scenes of The Alchemist in Vidocq?
Why didn't Time use the glass to chase Alice in "Alice through the looking glass"
Why did the android remark on Aurora's beauty?
Why does the rat have wings in "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs"?
Movie with a completely irrelevant opening scene, where a dead old man eats soup
Were there any legal issues due to McDonald's references?
Does the cat have a significance in Inside Llewyn Davis?
Travel between South Park and Canada
How did David get the piece of paper saying that his name was "Mike Mckinney"?
Is "silence" used as a background score to avoid misinterpretations?
Is this line in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone a reference to Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
Why does Brad Wesley call Cody "Elvis"?
Was the boy guilty in 1957's 12 Angry Man?
Why on-screen report shows total of 4 LMDs, but later on one of them is human?
How did the phone ring when receiver was being held by Morrie?
How did the detectives identify that Russell Nash is from the 18th century just by his signature?
Why do the crew in Timeless worry about tracking quickly and recharge times etc?
In A Man For All Seasons, which lines are historical?
What did the Joker's detonators actually target?
If Rachel helped Samara, then why is Samara still killing people?
Do sound effects, specially in horror movies, use emotion initiating frequencies?
Why the confusion between Jujitsu and Kung Fu?
What was the first movie to feature fast moving zombies?
Why is Runt, the protagonist, smaller than the other giants?
Why was porygon in this episode of Pokémon
Did George Smiley's wife Ann already know that Bill Haydon was a mole?
Why Cynthia go easy on cult group who shaved her son's head?
Is "Logan" the last movie with Hugh Jackman as Wolverine?
How did they put the horse head into Woltz's bed?
Why did Saul miss Walden's memorial service at Langley to go to Nazir's burial at sea?
Did Sleepy Gary create an unpleasant memory of himself for Summer?
When did the practice of having a joke with no music at the end of a trailer begin?
Does Professor X have any responsibility for the state of the world?
Why was the Red John story arc finished when it was?
Were stormtroopers mostly clones?
What fighting style does Neo use while sparring with Morpheus?
Did the Red Dwarf Season 3 intro steal the crash sound from Empire Strikes back where Luke lands on Degobah?
Does the "mole" like device access Isabella's facial expressions in Her (2013)?
What is the meaning of the final inner monologue at the end of Memento?
What does the ending of Nocturnal Animals mean?
Why is a TV star in the classroom?
Why Cheese Box may contain nuts?
Why didn't they just try to retrieve the water they lost?
Identifying film with a couple, pool in back garden, two doors?
What did Donna mean when she told Harvey "she wants more"?
What happened to the X-Men in Logan?
Punisher spin off in defender series
Cinematography and Mise en scene in Taxi Driver's "You talking to me?" scene
Why was the Maze located above ground?
How does Kris realize what's going on?
What happens to the X-gene?
Is there a philosophical significance of "Three Horses" in Michael Clayton (2007)?
Is Eden real in Logan?
Why did Rose keep the Heart of the Ocean so long?
Why do they laugh when Rose Maxon says these words?
Why Priestess change her mind in planting the bombs?
Game Over, Man...Game Over! - What's the source?
How could Hal fire his own boss in "Company Picnic"?
Why would a ship that is able to recycle all water consumed have trouble running out of water?
Was Caliban helping with mutant capture?
'Yeah but it's a dry heat' - reference to another film?
Chef is eaten and used in his dishes
Why does it show them arguing about TNE vs. TNA?
Post Apocalyptic and disturbing Anime from my childhood
Where was blood dripping from in Hacksaw Ridge's rope ladder?
What's the significance of the envelope found by the girl?
Why is Master Roshi in the tournament of power?
Is it needed to watch the previous Wolverine movies to understand Logan?
Why are Kida and her father so much older than the other Atlanteans?
Why did Sally reject the phone call from Gomez Addams?
Why does Catherine reply like this to Clark's question?
Reason behind the title "Logan"
Was Lego Batman the only Batman with a seemingly sentient computer?
Who are all the children in X-23's gang?
Is Billy Breckenridge gay?
"That's a lot of potatoes" joke in Seinfeld
Why was "The Shining" playing at the drive-in?
Why is Adaline's daughter so old?
Why would Laura have an adamantium skeleton?
We need more algorithms!
What is the difference between Sound Mixing and Sound Editing?
In which episode of The Simpsons did this animation error occur?
What rules govern nomination of an animated film for Academy Award for Best Picture?
How was this possible at the end of Say Yes?
Why do the Tattaglias inform the Corleones about Luca's death?
Why does David Grant hide when George & Jean showed up near his parents?
Why is the movie title "Blazing Saddles"?
Is Eve or Margo Nick Marshall's mother?
How did the emergency vehicles get there so quickly?
What did Logan try to say at this event?
Why would WCKD be willing to kill the Gladers?
Where did the ninjas come from?
What happened in the beginning of Superman returns?
Is it wrong for NAVY SEAL soldiers to be seen with a member of the same sex in public?
Why are Al and Rocco depicted as Caporegimes at the Senate Hearing?
Why do Michael and Penelope not let Alan and Nancy Cowen leave their house?
Why do newspapers in film have random article text?
Is it a standard thing to challenge someone to best of 7 Games of Pool?
Were cowboy stories popular before movies?
Why did Vito Corleone become mafia?
How come the season finale for Game of Thrones hit viewer record?
Why aren't Kaylie and Tim packing the things and leaving the house since the experiment is impossible to complete?
What is the significance of mirror projection scenes in Trance?
How deep is the hole in Sparta
The Ring of the Schwartz -- is it actually useless?
How did Antoine get to the sea in the The 400 Blows (Les Quatre Cents Coups)?
In Showgirls, why did Nomi suddenly get shy during her dance audition?
Why don't the Ashmore twins work on the same projects more often?
Do any of the computer programs used in 1980s Doctor Who still exist?
Was Te Fiti inspired by the Firebird Suite?
Why do Peter and Sarah go to Hawaii?
Where did the altered title music come from in Resurrection of the Daleks?
Where did they say 3,000 years?
Why did Michael fire Tom Hagen as Consigliere?
Why did Christine Daae faint after seeing a female statue?
How did they shoot this tongue pulling scene?
Did Ilsa Lund love Victor Lazlo?
The greatest trick that he ever pulled was making you believe that he is you
Could someone actually survive an F-5 category tornado in this manner?
Why does Aragorn follow the same path to Rivendell which Gandalf took 60 years ago?
Is Artie Ziff richer than Mr Burns?
What is this net in the big airport battle?
Why did it rain after they jumped on a cloud?
What movie does the dramatic sound effect come from?
Are sequels to famously horrible movies expected to be even worse?
Is Timmy Turner's middle name a reference to Star Trek?
Who is driving Thomas Jane's hair and wardrobe on the Expanse?
In "Arrival," how does Louise communicate with the alien without visual aids?
Why is Saito, a multi-billionaire, travelling all alone in a public train in Inception?
What do Xavier's seizures do?
Why does Logan stab walls?
What is happening to Logan?
Does the Spongebob Movie have any Alternate Endings?
Why do the kids have different accents?
Does the cinematic version of Titanic (1997) include Rose Dawson's and J. Bruce Ismay's first steps on the Carpathia?
Why do they call him Jack?
Does Titanic (1997) really show these 3 pictures of Rose Dawson and her new family?
In the collage pan of Rose's pictures in Titanic (1997), what was this picture intended to exhibit?
"We'll Meet Again" in end credits - is there an explanation for why?
What is Lionel Fusco's actual rank in Person of Interest?
How did the Machine correlate data over time if its memories were being erased?
Why is Samurai Jack season 5 episode 1 (53) numbered 92 (XCII)?
Why would someone think that taking formerly catatonic patients to a museum cause a problem for them?
Thieves disguised as clowns rob bank without violence
How did Fenton survive more than 7 days without food in the basement?
How does Batman link Lau with the mob?
Movie about a retired secret agent who is betrayed by assistant
Where did the story-line of Warehouse 13 and The Librarians originate?
Western Parody - White hats vs Black hats
Why did Rose keep her old photographs out in the open in Get Out?
Dar Adal and Peter Quinn: "Dirty old man"?
Why does the cape choose Dr. Stephen Strange?
Why do human movements look very slow from a tiny creature's point of view?
Why don't the new recruits show any facial expression when Varga attacks them?
Why does Ace say "You've got to give them the key to everything that's yours?"
What movie are Harry and Sally watching?
Sci-fi movie about a alien object found by farmer
How did "Ten Second Tom" know where he was going?
Why does Archer say "Balls" whenever someone says "Benoit"?
In the Season 3 of Sherlock, what did that 'Elephant in the room' case mean?
Was the spider James Bond killed a real spider?
Can Sophia see the holographic projections or are they only visible to us (audience)?
Why did she throw this tap valve?
What does Louise write on the barrier with Abbott?
Do the powers other characters have in Legion represent anything?
Why did Niki Lauda envy James Hunt?
How does Sugar Rush understand outside weapons?
Why does Eliza come back to Henry Higgins without getting any apology?
Which board game does Nash play in the movie "A Beautiful Mind"?
Effects of events in Angel to the Buffy Storyline
Is this Morse code?
How did the Master Jailer attack Supergirl in Episode 14?
Why did Davy Jones stab Will Turner thereby risking his life?
Is "Tom Hammond" a reference to something?
Why are the Navy doing these beautiful formations before war?
Why is Locke always busy with phone calls from the beginning to the end of the movie?
Did they really make ice cream/cake in shape of "Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima" as shown in the movie?
How did Kaecilius get set free?
Explanation of the way to make up your sins quote in Mean Streets
Did Rise of the Planet of the Apes take footage from the 1968 movie?
Considering his wound, wouldn't Cheyenne have suffered far more?
Why would WCKD use Grievers?
True Detective Task Force
What is the meaning of "There is no spoon"?
What does Anatoly say to Oliver in Russian in Arrow S5E16?
Why is Kurt Russell depicted as a Giant in this poster for Big Trouble in Little China?
Chronological order of How to Train Your Dragon short films?
Did Kurt get close to the fire in Backdraft?
Who exactly committed suicide in the movie 'The Bounty Hunter'?
Why were so many questions required in the Voight-Kampff test?
What is the name of this effect used in Flags of Our Fathers?
Comedy sketch satirising excessively complicated British train tickets
Movie about man obsessed with model trains and his wife who electrocutes him and buries him in the model
Was the scene with Kurt Russell and Kate Hudson created for personal reasons?
Did Jane really discover the Aether by accident?
Why was the original tagline changed from the movie poster?
What does Brendan say to Paddy Conlon in the movie "Warrior"
Did Bill know that Elle Driver was planning to kill Budd?
How to identify a Nietzschean?
Why are swords created by Hattori Hanzo considered priceless?
Open vs closed shot
Did Mark Zuckerberg answer a question in similar circumstances to this?
Why did so many cats appear in this scene?
Why didn't Jason kill his last victim?
In Caprica, what caused the deterioration in friendship between Joseph Adama and Gautreau?
Did the Battle of Iwo Jima really happen on black soil?
Did Napoleon Wilson "reappear" as Snake Plissken?
How does the voicing for "Ma vie de Courgette" work in British and American English?
Chihiro's name turning to Sen
Why does the No Face god behave in such a way?
Which movie is shown during Heywood Floyd's travel in the Pan Am starship?
When Ash's Face is burned in Alien
Is Honey, I Shrunk the Kids scaled correctly?
Why is this effect used in the locker room?
Is "Any Given Sunday" first movie to cast actor from movie which seen in same movie?
What was Jack's motivation in Felina?
In Stargate movie how did they manage to activate the gate in alien world Abydos?
In Stargate, what has happened to the children in the pyramid?
Why did Michael kill Frank Pentangeli?
Why Does the Reverse Flash Vibrate?
What is the name of the poem Belle reads out?
Ben Affleck says he does not use sarcasm because it is what?
Why is Applebee's in so many movies?
Why is Wolverine not able to walk or run properly in Logan?
Why did John Wick make this decision?
Is Ash's charizard released or is it at Oak's place?
Why are movies released only on Friday in India?
Was Tony knocked off by DA in Leon The Professional?
What is the name of the effect for showing past days in movies?
Can I watch Battlestar Galactica 2003 without knowing the original 1978 series?
How much money would Jack and his crew earn with the rest of methylamine?
How were the official viewing numbers for the 2017 Superbowl calculated
Were Doc's calculations incorrect as to when Marty should drive the DeLorean?
How did Hamilton figure out the pattern?
Why isn't Steven Seagal listed in the opening credits?
Are all of unplugged people hackers?
Why is it showing password while logging in?
Why does Ash look more like the male character from the respective Pokémon games?
Was Ronald responsible for starting the fire that killed Dennis McCaffrey?
Has any girl trainer won the league in Pokémon?
Did Jack Starks regain his memory after being shot?
What is the first movie to introduce changing future by travelling into future?
Why do Vincent and Cole both have a patch of white hair on their head?
Why was this done to Lynn?
What was Danny Rand's obsession with white shoes?
Why didn't X-24 regenerate?
Where did the idea for "Coraline" come from?
Is there any possible explanation for why the chairman of the museum adores Mr.Bean in the Bean movie?
Russian words in the titles of an American TV series footages
Why does Harrer ask Peter about finding the women even though he is sitting in front of Peter's wife?
Why didn't Hoggle turn into a princess after he is kissed by Sarah?
How they make ground dust formation in shooting scenes?
Did Lion King show the word 'sex' or 'sfx' in dust?
What does the prankster say in Jaws, through a mouthful of water?
Why does snow appear to go up in movies?
Why does Rose smile at the end of Get Out?
Textbook scene in The Cabin in the Woods
Why don't the Boston investigators have any ready-made place to investigate the marathon bombings?
What is the significance of showing victims even before the attacks?
Aspect ratio in home releases of films
Why did the Child Protection Service still appoint Messer to parent Sophie even with rude behavior?
How did Janine figure out that Holly and Messer had sex?
How does Iosef Tarasov not know John Wick?
Will I need to watch "Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me" before the new third season?
What breed was Walt Flanagan's dog (circa 1995)
Why do so many people have a Toyota Prius in La La Land?
Scott Summers's status in X-Men: The Last Stand?
Poem that Belle reads in Beauty and the Beast
Was this scene in Skyfall an homage to the 007 Goldeneye video game?
What is the significance of the scene between Mrs. Potts and Maurice at the end of Beauty and the Beast?
Does Stan Lee's cameo in Iron Fist have any meaning?
Why did President Snow want to use Peeta to kill Katniss?
Why did Katniss and Gale not run away when they had the chance?
Why does Satan choose Eastern Standard Time 12:00 AM to end the world?
In Family Guy, what does Quagmire's rodent mean?
Role of Karma in Movies
How did they know what is on the other side?
Why did they feed snake blood to the girl baby?
Who made the T-Virus of Resident evil, Dr. James Marcus or Dr. Charles Ashford?
Why did they reverse the propellers' rotation?
In Resident Evil movie, was the T-Virus intentionally released?
Danny's phone in Iron Fist
Where was Rhodey?
Confusing plot point in The Sense of an Ending
Do any of these car movements near the end of Orphan Black season 2 episode 3 (& start of 4) make any sense or are they even possible?
In "Seinfeld" season 2 certain jobs are considered "a union thing" which makes them difficult to get. Why is that?
Why did Erin say the "Big Brothers" while opening the shed with a knife?
Why are present days in black & white whereas past days are in color?
Why was Michael Scott forgotten so easily?
Why did Alice give an empty gun to Doc?
Why does Dr. Isaac point his finger to the bible in the meeting?
In Three Sisters with Maiden Hearts (1935), how did O-Ren lure Aoyama into the hands of the ruffians?
Why does police software look like video games in movies and tv?
Supernatural Season 11, Episode 15: Why the difference in demon eye color?
How did Paul Vitti know a cop will come and shoot him?
Why is there a restriction for females in NASA?
Who is the character 'V'?
Why did Paul Vitti meet the Little Caesar TV show director?
Why did three boys voice Wart in The Sword in the Stone?
What is the significance of Anton Ego's wine order?
Do the sigils next to the names of staff in the Game of Thrones intro all exist in the fictional world?
Film technique at movie's end: summary of future events
Why would the Romans crucify even innocent people?
How did the rebels crash the two space ships into the gate?
What is the meaning of Ringo's words when speaking to Virgil Earp?
In the new Beauty and the Beast (2017) how often does a petal fall?
Why do broadcasters have a mid-season break in TV season?
How did Maui live when he was human?
How is Jack Burton very sure about the marks?
How do the Earps and Henry Hooker know each other?
Is the beard on Toshiro Mifune's samurari characters an exception?
What is the meaning of Jack Burton's words to Margo in truck?
Why is deadpools cancer not healed like it was supppose to be?
Was Hemlock Grove's story line completed?
Were there spaghetti westerns with a 'Man with no Name' before the Leone (non)-trilogy?
Did Susan actually have a daughter?
What happened to Peggy Olson's short-lived attitude change in the beginning of season 2?
Which episodes of Flash cross over with Arrow?
Is that Luke's T-shirt Claire gave Danny to wear?
Why does Eugene repeatedly demand Arlene to ask him what happens next?
Why doesn't Arthur keep his promise in Passengers?
In the series Oz, why does Dr. Faraj dislike Robson?
Why doesn't Murph tell her dad that she knew who the 'ghost' was?
Why did the bartender not agree with Mark?
Why do people wear sunglasses in The Matrix?
When is Legion happening?
Why is Eugene not punishing the students who are submitting reports so carelessly?
Where does the Wonkavator fly to at the end in Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory
How did Mark's words about afterlife become public?
How was semi-colorization done in Kill Bill?
In Crashing, is that really Sarah Silverman's house?
Why did Jyn and Cassian take off their imperial uniforms?
What is the movie playing on TV on Logan and what is its connection to the film?
What was the reason for Katniss' decision at the end?
Why does Quint blow the Orca's engine in Jaws?
What is the meaning of the nameless lady's words to Baroness Joy von Troken?
How could Wolverine's claws shape change during bone to adamantium blade transformation?
Is the T2 Trainspotting airport greeter from Slovenia for everyone?
What is the meaning of Flint Lockwood words to Tim?
What is the meaning of Neighbor Mr. Robutusen words?
What is the meaning of Manny's answer?
What was the first movie to introduce J Cut in opening credits?
Why didn't Mark Watney start digging downward?
What is the marital status of Mycroft Holmes?
How did Calvin end up there without being seen?
How was the high-contrast cinematography done in Kill Bill?
Do I need to watch the anime or read the manga before seeing the 2017 movie?
What is this and why does Gao never use it again?
Can someone explain the "returning to the past" motif in Logan?
Why does Julie always sneak into Jamie's room by ladder?
Why doesn't Sheldon Cooper like whistling?
What is the meaning of Gramp's word to Z?
Why does Jamie specifically narrate these lines in the opening scenes?
What do Azteca's words mean?
Why doesn't Costanza give his airline ticket as the reason?
Breaking the 4th wall during introduction
Is Kong last of its kind?
Sci-fi thriller mini stories movie (90s-early 2000s)
What is the meaning of Kara's dialogue, "Thank God it vibrates"?
How can Robin and Marshal hear each other, with the ear muffs still on?
What is the meaning of phone conversation between Lee and Ron?
Why does Julia use the word "Sarcasm" to Security?
What is the meaning of Patty Fenn words: "Throw him under the bus."?
What did we learn about the fate of the Love Actually characters from the Comic Relief special?
Why did Aramaki only speak in Japanese?
Old couple, one with memory issues, the other takes insulin shots
How did Tyler Durden know all of the "useful information" that he knew?
Hero who is against enhancements but has some himself
Why can Kingpin get Punisher released from prison, but not himself?
Curious bit of production design in the cars in Lemony Snicket
What is the meaning of Hawkeye words: "diliation and curettage"?
What is the meaning of "shingle" in this scene?
How exactly did Chihiro guess it right in Spirited Away?
What is the meaning of Maude words to Harold at the church?
What is the significance of fast motion effect in some scenes?
Why and how did Marcus Messner join the army in Indignation?
What is the meaning of Maude words to Harold after throwing the gift?
In the final episode of Legion, what exactly are they gonna look for?
What exactly are Leila's Geass powers?
What is the piece of furniture in the new Beauty and the Beast?
Did American Pie have to license the name from Don McLean?
Why Jaime didn't (want to) fight in Tyrion's trial by combat?
Movie about deep-sea divers who encounter alien presence on ocean floor
How was Calvin able to breathe?
Why leaders are leaving in the middle of Pu-Yi's speech?
What happens when two users try to summon same being at the same time?
How can you tell distances/duration in Paths of the soul?
One Hundred Eyes & Lotus - What fighting style are they using?
80's/90's Movie with B-52 crew in flight on mission to (possibly) bomb Russia?
How come Maurice didn't use his horse Philippe to go back to Villeneuve?
How come the Beast was able to save Belle from the wolves?
How did the woman fly through the wind screen?
Who are Gaston's "five hangers-on"?
How is blood coming from the mouth filmed?
Why is this closing credits scene more colorful than the movie?
Why did Roma win the Cadillac?
What is the name of this camera work used in the opening shot of After Hours?
What is Meinertzhagen's Haversack, theory that Jared from Silicon Valley tells?
Does Henry Hill kill anybody in Goodfellas?
What characteristics tie anime styles together?
In The Time Machine, how did the books disintegrate so easily?
Why didn't Neville carry a secondary firearm?
Was the regenerating tooth an error, or something else?
What Mytho's emotion does Princess Tutu's pendant belongs to?
Is Korra a Prodigy as an Avatar?
What does "it's alive" mean in this conversation?
How does Max know the audience ain't gonna see the first two shows without even taking a look at it?
Do Westworld episodes sometimes include bonus content (behind-the-scenes, interviews, etc.) on some platforms?
What is the meaning of the "Do not turn off" label on the switch in Jimmy's office?
Arrival Non-zero sum game?
Did the show actually explain how Sherlock faked his death?
Is the movie 'Doctor Strange' related to any of the Marvel movies?
Why is Kubo's eye injury crucial to the plot? Is it symbolic of something?
What is the origin of the Krabby Patty Recipe
How called episode of Tom & Jerry about mice that survived after nuclear war?
How was the Iron Fist supposed to protect K'un-Lun and destroy the hand?
How do they film someone being stabbed with a weapon that goes all the way through?
Why Maggie never questioned how Seth knows her name is "Maggie"?
Genre (or category) of White Collar Series according to the image given?
Why is William unaware of Katherine being alive?
What's stopping Seth entering the elevator?
Thriller set in a house near a cemetery with a chauffeur driving a pink car
2008 Thriller: Party/ Ouija Board / Girl locked in a bathroom
Why didn't Dennis see Casey when he entered the car?
What happened to not being able to hurt the prophet?
Why do some animes end up with filler episodes?
Is Howard a psycho?
How does hideous zippleback bodies work?
What is the meaning of Mr Soil words to worker ant?
Animated series about a woman who had a mechanical arm
Character name references in Twin Peaks
What movie about a virtual reality game is this?
Why distribute a film to a single theatre?
Do the Griffins know that Stewie can talk?
Movie about a musician who becomes a teacher
How did Rust know the shot was coming right there in True Detective S1E4?
Is Stewie Griffin gay?
How did Jack Bauer survive the nuclear bomb detonation in Season 2 of 24?
How does the movie Spirited Away justify its title?
Is Jack, the right hand of Kaido, breathing underwater?
Early 90s movie about a boy and girl that prank each other all their life
Is Chicago Justice accurate?
Why did "The A-Team" movie not use the original TV series theme song?
What happens to Tom in Enter Nowhere?
Identify movie with shrunken man fighting a wasp
Have either of the Jennings used the "rub your thumb" technique in previous episodes?
Who is the woman Kusanagi saw during the ferry scene?
Why does Katniss go back to district 12 at the end?
Searching for a movie - Aliens, Voyager/Pioneer Plaque
Who is the character who Spud reports as dead?
Was there a scene in Honey I Shrunk the Kids where Nick talked about the size of his database?
At the end of Jesus Christ Superstar (John 19-41), why was the actor playing Jesus not on the bus?
What is the Get Out procedure called?
Was the improvement to Batman's suit actually noticeable?
In real life, would Brenda Lee Johnson have necessarily been hired by the LAPD as either a "rookie" or a "Deputy Chief"?
How can Kuzan (Aokiji) turn seawater into ice?
Why is Cameron annoyed with Christine after she’s been molested?
Why Margaret Thatcher's narration comes in middle while Dennis speaking to her?
How much money was the last bet?
Why the movie title Tears of the Sun?
Why did the movies of James Bond replace SMERSH with SPECTRE?
Who is the guy with the roses and what is he doing?
What is the genre of movies in which the main characters don't have names?
How did "Bingo" work in Get Out?
What creates the "soap opera" look? Is it the same thing as HFR movies?
Is it necessary to watch Episodes 1-3 before watching "The Force Awakens" and "The Last Jedi"?
What defines an extra?
What vote is the Minister referring to here?
How is Colleen Wing Japanese?
What happens to this character at the end of Split (2016)?
Speaking different languages in Ghost in the Shell
What is Patrick Jane's 'foolproof line'?
Why does Nilo make the dangerous truck trip to the burning oil field?
Why does this Blofeld inspired character have six robotic legs? (in Thunderbirds - puppet style Elle King music video)
How does Smiley know the location where Jim Prideaux is?
What would have happened if WCKD had killed out all of the Gladers?
Watermark or Encoding Error?
What is the light source in the 19th century submarine?
What happened to Jenny Jones?
How did Voldemort know he could access Harry's mind but not realise this was because part of his soul was latched onto him?
Why is Sam specifically looking for 3 out of the same 4 Batman comic books?
Why is sunlight not affecting the vampire here?
Were Captain Spaulding and Mother Firefly the biological parents of Otis Driftwood?
Is Voldemort called "Tom Elvis Riddle" in the French versions of Harry Potter?
How do they count box-office grosses so fast?
What is the significance of the book names' appearances?
What is the moral or message of "The Nightmare Before Christmas"?
Is the "low talker" actually talking or just mumbling nonsense?
Is Lilo and Stitch set in a real city?
Why Melanie resists wanderer from entering the doctor's room?
How come Dom's car not turned off when he uses the EMP?
Why is almost everyone who is not Italian a Jew?
What does Sicario have to do with Sabrina the Teenage Witch?
Did the Power Rangers ever violate their rules?
What is the significance of silver colored vehicles in The Host (2013)?
When did Barney Stinson learn to drive in How I Met Your Mother?
Why did French Canadians dub Slap Shot in Canadian Quebec French instead of Canadian French?
Are the aliens really hostile?
Have more western movies had scenes filmed in Russia since the end of the Cold War?
Why isn't Moana's grandmother the chief?
Jimmy telling Chuck he's a lawyer and Chuck getting "sick"
How do Cobb's children know which hotel he's staying at in Kyoto in Inception
How does Saito eliminate Cobb's murder charge?
Why Jesse did not kill Gus in Salud episode?
Why does Abby think Owen not invite her in his house?
Movie where two people meet as strangers and then appear to know each other
What happens with Tommy's gun in the Goodfellas?
Why was Klaatu unsure about his own spaceship controls?
What God does Captain America believe in?
Why is rock music used for background music when the coach met the principal after a disppointing board meeting?
How many times did Satoru relive his childhood in Erased?
Where exactly in Italy to where in Russia is the train going?
Did Fox need permission for the 'Spider-Pig' parody in The Simpsons Movie?
What was the tube Torreto removed from the Cuban car in order to make it go faster?
What is Stitch?
Why are there so few movies about the Vietnam war itself?
If everyone uses replicator, why do tailors still exist?
Why did Jack give an irrelevant reply to Tess's question?
Why does Evan say that Tess lied to him about the phone call?
Lost: System Failure
Do Star Trek characters wearing red shirts have the highest death rate on the original show?
Is the Chappa'ai vortex ionized or toxic?
1st Big Bang Theory ep. with none of the guys in pre-credit sequence
How does Eddard Stark know that Bran saw Cersei and Jaime together?
Why did Jess write "Go to theater" again?
Building up to an event from multiple characters point of view
Why does Petyr turn Nick (instead of just killing him)?
How much of Rick's backstory in S3E1 was real?
Why doesn't Ash swap out Pokémon more often?
What is this glitch in Jurassic Park?
How does Louise even begin to understand aliens at all?
Did Snape allow Harry to see his memory during Occlumency lessons?
Can muggles see the Dark Mark skull cloud?
What did Anna tell Mademoiselle at the end of the Martyrs (2008)?
Why does the chair move by itself?
Reasons to use an aspect ratio of 2:1
Looking for a Looney Tunes movie/episode
What did Hermione see "with her own eyes" in Borgin and Burkes?
How is Casey's history related to the movie?
What does Howard know and when does he know it?
Why En Sabah Nur is used as a name for the first one?
In the movie Hush (2016), what twist is everybody talking about?
Can any film can be transformed to 4DX?
Is Casey the killer and she is the one who was "split"
Trying to Identify Movie based on Plot; Female Writer, ghost/spirit
Thriller where woman has the memories of a murdered woman?
Why was Avra the first Green Lantern?
Identify a movie featuring a mechanical spider
Pre 2000 US sci-fi movie featuring a wormhole
Why did the Colombian deal go wrong in Scarface?
Zodiac timeskip references
Action movie which shows the story of a terrorist attack on the US president from different characters' perspectives
On Dexter, is her murder actually depicted?
Why wasn't Monica's cousin invited to her bridal shower?
What's the deal with Dutch (one of Johnny's Friends) from the Original KARATE KID?
Is there any rationale for the different colours of uniforms on the different series of Star Trek?
Logan's Run (1979) - Why is Jessica 6 years old but the feral youth boy is 15?
Homer's deeper voice
Why is Universal allowed to open a theater?
Why was "The Most Terrible Time in my Life" filmed in Taiwan?
How did Elly drown?
Captain America Civil War 7-3 = 5
What was the first US TV-series in which the main cast were mostly african american?
Was Carlton Banks actually short?
Why is Brian both a dog and a human?
Why change the order and merge episodes in the extended Sin City?
Who are the trophies collected by Kevin in Sin City?
Simpsons episode with $1000
What's the lounge-type place where people come to smoke and relax?
Why didn't Yuri Zhivago leave Russia with Lara and Victor?
Why was Doral opposing Roslin?
British movie about war crimes
What happened to Joe Loder?
What is the name of this movie about boy loses virginity
Who caused problems during the ritual?
Lost in Translation ending
How does the beach actually exist?
What title does Padmé Amidala have?
Why were the songs not translated/dubbed into German?
Movie with car chase in Europe (1990s)
Why does Rick risk his life in "Get Schwifty"
What did exactly happen to Saul Goodman in Breaking Bad?
Harry Potter's detention with Dolores Umbridge
How come the Beast allows Belle to ride off through the woods ridden with wolves to rescue her father?
What is the decision process behind making movies theatrical, television, or direct-to-video?
Movie about aliens vs humans on a total war (1990s)
Was Jobs being sarcastic when he said he liked Hertzfeld?
What really happened in the black hole in Interstellar?
Name of the dish Mr. Bean orders on his birthday and dislikes?
Why doesn't Lois leave Peter?
Cold War/WWII movie where American troops sneak into German/Russian party
Futuristic film where two men are sent to prison but are left on a barren planet
Why don't the cops pursue Costello's crew after the shootout?
What crime are we to surmise that Prairie/OA has been accused or convicted of?
What animated film featured a girl and a knight on a planet with strange gravity?
Where is the proof that Stitch is a male?
Why is the movie titled "Kiss of the Spider Woman"?
Does Hank Scorpio still control the East coast of America?
Why is Captain America unbeatable?
Why did Ray Kroc's past haunt him in The Founder?
Why does Mr. Bumble call the law a bachelor in Oliver?
How can the Axiom computer know Earth is safe based on the one little plant EVE found?
What was the meaning of line "In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue"
How was Harry not identified as a result of being with Ron and Hermione?
Two giant men fighting in the middle of a fake city
Do the Nickelodeon TV shows "Sam & Cat" and "iCarly" take place in the same universe?
What does the i in iZombie stand for?
Alien invasion movie where the protagonist is invisible to the aliens
How was this scene with a zombie getting its head cut off by helicopter rotors filmed?
Do the Oxygen Torches in the movie "Life" (2017) exist and how do/would they work?
Was Rachel Zane talking about a poison pill?
Can we carry a Hattori Hanzo sword onboard a plane?
Why can't people see colors in "The Giver"?
Who are the Mansons?
What's this animated Titanic movie?
How many dogs can talk in Family Guy
Unknown male character in Suspiria?
What tied the show Seinfeld to the East Villiage?
Why does Burt say these words in "Go (1999)" movie?
How does Senator Geary know Michael Corleone's plan?
Caligula Malayalam Short Film: Why did they choose 'caligula' as the title?
The use of gunshots in Far and Away
Can I watch Daredevil (2003) and Punisher (2004) without spoiling the Netflix series?
Was Lenny's dance scene inspired by James Bond movies?
Psychological thriller involving woman in disguise
When did Oliver get replaced?
Was Nora's departed Husband also Tom's Biological Father?
Where do the Nightbloods come from in The 100?
What exactly are Hannah Baker's parents litigating against Liberty High School for?
Identify this movie about bugs in space
Realism of the effect of ADHD medicine in Desperate Housewives
Why doesn't Sherlock understand the joke?
How to interpret these two lines in Annie Hall?
TV series about a man who scammed his fiancée
Help me Identify a recent movie about isolation in the future
Meaning of 'Does it ever get cold on the moral high ground?'
Why does Craig get fired from his job?
Is every Simpsons episode beginning unique?
How did The LEGO Batman movie get away with using characters from many different franchises?
How did the Lori-Gibb gang bring Freddy to life?
When Joe Blake travels to Berlin, do those jets really exist?
How does Jacob get cured in the end?
SciFi Movie Where Woman Gets her Arm Eaten? Detatched?
Who gave authority to Tywin to appoint Tyrion as Hand of the King?
Movie where an American is forced to move to England
S.H.I.E.L.D. and HYDRA in MCU
Why didn't Ted just jump off the tower?
Why did Anderson think that "Rache" was German?
How are harmless but potentially painful or undesirable scenes shot in medical TV shows?
American or British Animated Kids Movie About an Alien War
What was the crime of the second condemned man in the second episode?
Why did those monsters appear in Seoul?
80s/90s TV show with hero with abilities similar to Unbreakable?
What is a map of India doing at a US Army hospital?
Is James Moriarty gay, in BBC's Sherlock?
Product placements in I, Robot
Why are there accents in Les Misérables?
How much does Homer owe Moe?
What is Brandon's sexual orientation in Shame?
What is the 'bad place' the protagonists come from in Shame?
TV show about stories where host told "Imagine, Imagine a story!
Why doesn't anyone realize the honor guard at Commissioner Loeb's funeral procession is full of the Joker's men?
TV-Show: Time travel with group of different times. Fork-like tool used as weapon
How did the word "Bollywood" originate?
When exactly does Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 take place in the MCU?
What could be the undetermined issue that aliens would be facing 3000 years in the future in the Arrival movie?
Does blood really come out of our nose if we're deprived of oxygen?
Who is Bhadra's mother?
What are the meanings behind the deleted ending scene in The Shining?
Is there a name for the “last henchman that runs away” trope?
Was Chingari ever actually released?
Why was Mike convicted?
Whose idea was the double-meaning finger counting in JFK?
Danny Ocean using Guns
What significance does this poem add to the movie?
What's going on with 2 Majors mirroring each other?
Purpose of Hannibal's mask
Why is Frank Underwood opposed to slavery?
90s / 2000s Movie Alien or Creature attacks soldiers wearing gas masks
Was Bugs Bunny a gay character?
Is Planet Nowhere based on a real-world series?
Why does Al Capone's lawyer plead guilty?
Why aren't Annie and Jack together in Speed 2?
Why didn't he take the kids?
90s B Horror Film about Splicing Human DNA with some fish DNA?
How Gaurav's action in the end justified?
Why Rick teleports to desert regions in the movie?
Difference between Digital Rights and Satellite Rights?
What is Ainsley wearing on her foot?
Why Knight of Cups poster look like that?
Were the bullet holes already in the wall?
Have Patrick Jane and Kim Fischer slept together while on the island?
Hindi movie where prisoner escapes by collecting matchsticks from prison guard
"A galaxy far, far away..." -- from where?
What's wrong with this Supergirl elevator pitch?
Why Anurag's name was not analogous to respective Devdas character?
How do they shoot breaking things so close to the camera without damaging it?
Why would Watney write his own name?
Was Tywin Lannister involved in the murder plot?
Which is the oldest non-fantasy movie to design unique weapon for the character?
Why does Maleficent take care of Aurora?
Why do so many people remember Dolly from Moonraker having braces?
Was Nancy Pierpan a spy? (Page Eight)
Do cops in US always have to answer "Yes" when asked "Are you a cop?"
Why would the healthy Anne Welles need pills?
What is Grindhouse (2007) and how to watch it?
Was Rorschach suicidal?
What did Ben take a photo of?
Did Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 confirm that Marvel now has the rights to Fantastic Four?
The stuntman that died on the set of Resident Evil: The Final Chapter
Handwriting of Aaron and Abe
What was the first movie to have someone with a screen, guiding an agent on the field?
What are 'F-rated' movies?
How many times does Michael travel through time machine?
Filming Locations of The Space Between Us
What did Frank mean by "For some it’s simply the size of the chair"?
How did Dom arrange the meeting with Magdalene Shaw?
Why does "The Squid and the Whale" poster have a sketchy background?
Why is Grauman's Chinese Theater used for so many premieres?
How do they film an actor talking to themselves?
Movie featuring a scene where kids are boiled in a golden pot
Why didn't Hannah Baker ask for Tony's help?
Why is Jenna left on the other side?
Character (and related story) behind actress Peggy Connelly in Houseboat (1958)
Why did the Sharpes choose this approach for Edith?
Why is Georgina cleaning in "Get Out"?
Purpose of Carving Name?
How did Hannah and Tony meet in "13 Reasons Why"?
Why didn't Judy bring up Nick's side business' health code violations when she realised he hustled her?
Was the siege on for a whole day or over several days?
Why were the avengers fighting each other?
Is it really possible to put a virus in a machine you don't know?
How does Nick's idea about letter writing on envelopes works exactly?
Does The Thing have human intelligence?
Why does Abby tell the farmer that she & Bill are brothers & sisters?
How can the machines built by Humans fire on Pandora?
Why there are no female nude scenes in satirical sex comedy film?
Why Kaira preferred disorganizing in her house?
In the season 8 finale of the X-Files, what is Alex Krycek's motivation in this scene?
Why didn't Lundy tell Debra he was close to retiring?
How did Barney & Ted know that Robin was searching for that locket in Central Park?
Why didn't the Death Eaters take Neville on the Hogwarts Express?
Thanos in Guardians of the Galaxy 2 jump gate scene?
Rogue Two in Empire Strikes Back?
The Wolves - A Disappearing Storyline In The Walking Dead
What worlds do Rocket and Yondu jump past?
How did they film Mark Wahlberg getting beaten up by a teddy bear?
Why is it not obvious to Bobby Long?
What is Ego's Face originally?
Clay has a scar in the present to differentiate from the past. Is there a name for such a technique?
Does Jack remain under arrest in the movie Titanic even when Rose frees him?
Does 13 Reasons Why portray suicide as a rational response?
How are large crowds filmed?
Which movie franchise had the fastest reboot, where both the original and the reboot were shot in the US?
Is The Flash a spin-off?
Why didn't Ego take her to his planet?
Why is Death Proof presented specifically as Thunderbolt for a brief moment?
What happened Gennaro Malanga (Little Pussy)?
A horror movie about witch in the attic
Is Yondu of Kree origin?
What happened to Captain America's suit?
Where did Kale get the grenades from?
What does the gesture Tony does to Agent Grasso mean?
How "Rustom Pavri" defend question about "Vikram died with towel" in court?
Do dogs identify twins in humans?
Did they really sell toy guns along with newspaper during K. M. Nanavati trial?
Why is there no cheer from people to Bhallaladeva when compared to Baahubali?
Why are they rebooting/reviving The Matrix franchise?
Will there be any further movies in Baahubali series or any spin-off?
Why does William shoot arrows at the axe in this scene?
What kind of data are sent in Westworld?
Was the Indian animated movie Swami Ayyappan ever released?
Why was Gigi Hadid uncredited for 10 episodes of Silent Witness when she appeared?
What's the Last Item on Shadows Shopping List?
What triggered Cisco power?
Vigilance is good for the soul - Frank Underwood
What was Mary's real intention?
What does "deleted" mean here?
Why does Andrew (Robot) frequently address himself as "one" so many times?
Why did the cops laugh at Rod Williams' complaint?
Iron Man further movie plans
What is the Terminator paradox?
Can White walkers speak?
Why would Michael Corleone get approval from Hyman Roth to kill Frankie Pentangeli?
Why did Filius Flitwick's appearance change after first two Harry Potter movies?
Are Ray and Emmit Stussy twin brothers?
What is the significance of dead meat?
Regarding The Hunger Games' festive environment
Is there a specific name for a character that is a sacrificial "example"?
Why did Curtis Chen try to kill Green Kiera in Continuum?
Does M. Bison want to kill the American presidential candidate?
How does Jane know that Harley saw her & Jake at the hotel?
Why are Comodore James Norrington and Weatherby Swann the same just as young, but Elizabeth Swann and Will Turner change their age respectively?
British movie about a rapist policeman
What happened to Peter Quill at the end of Guardians of the Galaxy 2
Does IMAX have it's own type of 70mm film?
What parameters are considered for deciding a movie's "close date"
Name the movie on Nanobots and cheating wife
What's the significance of the items in Coulson's folder in the Framework?
Why does Bourne invite Marie to his apartment?
Hindu names for Muslim characters in "Master of None"
What exactly is bicameral mind?
Reason for the homage to Greensleeves
How did the policeman survive?
Sipowicz from NYPD Blue born and lived in NYC?
How did they film the nuke explosion in Broken Arrow?
What does "Appropriate Audience" mean?
Where is this shot of Takodana taken from?
Why people were dancing at the subway?
Were Angier and Borden aware of the other's presence during their magic tricks?
How could Germans be using an animated presentation to depict their attack plan?
Was Paula going to fire Kate?
How was the photography Samurai Fiction/Kill Bill shadow scene made?
What makes theatrical blood visually discernible from real blood?
What happened to Paul in Friday the 13th, Part 2?
Sherlock's text to the victim's phone in "A Study in Pink"
Why courtroom not aware of thugs who already got arrested?
Is there a name for characters who are not exactly part of the movie but affect the incidents in the movie?
Why was Colossal marketed the way it was?
Identifying a movie about a children's summer camp
What records did Vinny gave sheriff to run the tests?
Why Scooby-Doo's protoplasmic soul considered as pure?
Where did Kraglin get a fin from?
References to a certain real life actor in Guardians of the Galaxy 2?
Would James have gotten to NY some other way?
Is it legal to show kids reaching orgasm with clothes on?
How was Supergirl able to beat up the guards?
Guardians of the Galaxy 2 original ravagers team member
How do machines know the exact location of Zion?
What happened to Earth
What is meant by "Dying is the day worth living for"?
How many of the 66 were saved?
How does Gazerbeam find out the password to Syndrome's plan?
Last Crusade motorcycle
Would the clones be emotionally and mentally same as the original?
Why did WCKD send new kids up to the Glade once a month?
How Charlie Wilson knows Gust listening at the door?
Identify 80's "horror" film with elements of Hell on earth and an astronaut savior
Why do these three lines appear at the end of closing credits?
What's the importance of the twins in the movie?
Did Emma have an abortion?
Why was Amara's fog white?
Why didn't Sonny kill the hostages?
Sense8 Characters in Northern Hemisphere
In A Clockwork Orange did Alex actually want to be reformed
Why did they still accept Deckard into the family even after what he'd done in previous movies?
If Alex could not commit any sexual or violent act after watching that nasty stuff in a clockwork orange, how could he have jumped out a window?
How was Dr. Kevin Casey with severe OCD able/allowed to perform surgeries?
What is the relation between "King Arthur: Legend of the Sword" and "Baahubali"?
Why did Thomas throw his suitcase when Swan asked for it?
Did filmmakers originally intend for "Elizabeth" to have a sequel?
Why does the cover of The Godfather novel have the face of Marlon Brando?
Why does Moe Greene speak with a strange voice?
Logic hole in Dexter "Return to Sender"
Is Vincent a corrupt cop or an undercover cop trying to catch corrupt cops?
Do Androids' hairs grow?
How can a person be born to six fathers?
Why Aslam Khan character was introduced when he had no further siginificance?
Why did Monica and Chandler not consider in vitro fertilization?
What is Danny Kaye saying in his three-language blurb in The Court Jester?
Post apocalyptic movie with androids "gangs"
What does Genie babble in German?
"No birds, no animals, nothing"
Why didn't the Alien Covenant crew notice this?
Why Flags are replaced with statue on disney logo building?
What does Christopher mean by that dialogue?
What was David doing to Walter?
What happens inside the crane?
Is there a plot twist in Alien: Covenant?
What are the literary references in Alien: Covenant?
Which is the first movie to show movie right after production logo without cuts?
Did the castle's enchanted staff gain magical powers after the curse?
Why was Leo McGarry chosen for this?
Why female academy bathrooms so visible from outside?
Why was the helicopter searching for survivors?
Crying soldiers in "Paths Of Glory"
Was there a reason why Elaine said "Maybe the Dingo ate your Baby"?
Why is the Endurance still in "orbit"?
Why didn't Norman hit back?
Scholarly/journalistic speculation on Andy Griffith's career in Drama if Mayberry hadn't existed?
How does Bitsey Bloom think that the murder is staged just from seeing towel?
Name of the Engineer planet in Alien Covenant
Why does Bitsey Bloom think that a full length murder tape exists?
What do Rheya's words really mean in the final scenes?
How does Lex know Superman's identity?
Why didn't Chris didn't feel shocked when Rheya came back for a second time?
Who were the attackers attacked on Amarendra Bahubali when Kattappa killed him?
Why are some names briefly replaced by "… Groot" in the final credits?
False preacher get converted by a real miracle 80's or 90's
In The Salesman (Asghar Farhadi), what did the intruder do?
Film technique for someone shoot electricity from their fingers and electrocute someone thus turning them to either ashes or a crisp?
How Geiger Murder & Sean Reagan Murder related to each other?
Why the movie title "The Big Sleep"?
Why Philip Marlowe specifically asks these two books at rare book shop?
What is Tony Soprano's rank at the begining of the show?
In Titanic,Why does Old Rose throw the diamond in the sea
What is the significance of cigarettes in ashtray at opening & closing credits?
How to understand Abigail's reply to Dani's question?
Is Jimmy's trial realistic in Better Call Saul?
Who & Why they installed secret camera in Buddha face?
A "groundhog day" world of animated series. Does this trope have a name?
Where did the wheat actually come from?
What is this machine/instrument in Fargo?
Morgul Blades Disintegrating?
Why don't the colonists wear spacesuits in Alien: Covenant?
How did Mother recognize David?
Why does Wolverine say these words when burying this person?
Why Caliban specifically mentions "sun is the keyword"?
How are movies shot on film cut and edited nowadays?
How did David know Walter's access codes?
Why did Alex, an aspiring dancer, choose welding as her day job?
Why did David help on-board of the Covenant?
What's the point of actors occasionally directing a TV show episode?
Why did David drop the vases?
How does Christopher Moltisanti respond to the "bridge and tunnel boy" insult?
A woman accepts being transplanted into a younger body
The mark on top right
Bron/Broen Season 1 Goran's body in open casket
Why does Blade waste his explosive?
What happened to the other 9 astronauts?
Are movies shot in parallel when there are scenes with a disjoined set of actors?
How did they film the final shootout scene from Felina?
What is the significance of the stick with the wolf face?
Why didn't the treatment for Lycanthropy work?
What King Arthur adaptations depict the story of Uther Pendragon and Igrayne?
Why did Logan take Gabriela's phone?
How to explain this in Alien and Prometheus considering Alien Covenant plot?
After Dr. Drake's Brain transplant, shouldn't Jessica be in Dr. Drake's body?
Why is everybody there in the park at the end of John Wick chapter 2?
Bourne Identity ending
How did Michael Scofield know where to look for his letters?
What are these letters at the end of closing credits?
Why French characters speak in British instead of French accent?
Why did Caliban become a good guy and is helping Logan?
What are these silver colored pipes the Jackal is installing under his vehicle?
How do they know the Jackal's name even though "Victor Wolenski" never reveals any information?
Why didn't Baahubali seek Kunthala Kingdom?
The ending of The Daughter
What relationship does Colorado have with Inga in Mackennas gold?
Can you pick up Thor's hammer?
On Cupcake Wars, how do they get the winning cupcakes to the event?
Why is the colonel blanking the questions with sketches?
Where did the horses come from?
What is "the marker"?
Why didn't Cinderella's slippers vanish?
Are there any reports that K-2SO will return?
How did they get the lava to Ballona Creek?
Origin of nickname "River Lily"?
Man and two children, cross-country car-drive, Italian, late 1980s, cinema-movie
Why does Ice Man chomp his teeth at Maverick?
Is it realistic that Jimmy's friend from the district attorney's office is so poor?
Missing Dock Structure in Alien: Covenant
Why did Khabarov bury the cloth in the snow?
How did Thor return to Earth in The Avengers?
How did they shoot this scene where actors are eating dirt?
Why Prison officials bought prisoners outside in snow storm?
What type of Speakers does IMAX use?
What cameos has Stan Lee had?
Why does Mark call Veronica "plan B" in this scene?
Why did Wolverine start ageing in the movie Logan?
Why don't Mark and Simon go near Tommy MacKenzie's grave?
Why do all of the ATM cards have the same PIN?
Were the soldiers unaware of the "Biggus Dickus" scene prior to filming?
How does Mark know Franco was after him?
Why does The Creeper sew dead bodies on the wall?
Why does Darry think that Jez is the one who called him at the diner?
Why did Fermina Daza reject Florentino Ariza?
Why did this character shoot this other character?
What is the significance of shooting through the glass?
Did Hopkins and Demme purposefully include allusions to Mantegna's paintings of St. Sebastian in "Silence of the Lambs"?
Why is the world in total chaos?
Flag on the Front of the House in Philomena
What is a speed drive?
How did Walter White poison that character?
How did the barnacles get there in Pirates of the Carribean: Dead Men Tell No Tales?
What did Buster Moon say to the dancing foxes to offend them?
What is that big white building?
What are the crabs at World's End?
Whose grave did the doctor and the sheriff visit?
"Would the witness please point at the defendant?"
What is the meaning of Dr. Samuel Loomis' words about Michael Myers' behavior?
Why did Michael Myers bring Lynda's dead body to his house?
Who are all these people killed at the end of Casino?
What is that package Laurie drops at Michael Myer's house?
Why is the fighter pilot angry that Akanye saved him from Mechagodzilla?
Is Alien: Covenant set on the same planet as Prometheus?
Alien: Covenant and Alien (1979) connection: xenomorph
Why does Doctor Samuel Loomis tape Michael Myers with black & white tapes?
Why is the movie being shot inside of La La Land using old equipment?
Ted is a dog person not a cat person? But is also horribly allergic to dogs?
Why does Laura meet Thoth (A'an, Ibis)?
Any pugilist worth his salt knows when someone's on the ropes that's when you throw a combination to the gut and a left hook to the jaw
Why does DCAU avoid the Speed Force?
What type of knot do wayfinders tie in Moana?
How is the Black Pearl caught up?
Why Virginia changing the position of flower vase?
What exactly Virginia installed at four corners of glass window before entering into house?
Why authorities didn't change retina scan of building after CEO got kidnapped?
Why Robert & Virginia plan theft at final seconds of the new 2000 millennium countdown?
How did Virginia jump from bullet trains when it slowed down?
Why Robert pointing his lasers to the room's laser?
What meeting does Jack have beyond the horizon?
What happens after the eels are injected into Lockhart?
Why weren't Orlando Bloom and Keira Knightley in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides?
How did Hub and Garth know what happened?
Is a deadline ever given?
Why is Robert against liquid-plasma type screens?
Could Claire Underwood be relieved of VP duties if Conway won in a split-election?
How could Maddy pay the credit card bill for a Hawaiian vacation when she hasn't left her house in 18 years?
Can evil Buu return to Dragon Ball Super?
Why was he wearing such large shoes at the end of Alien: Covenant?
Did Yondu know what was happening to the children he delivered?
Why Goku proposed this fighter?
Why does Amelia refer to Cinderella in final scenes to casper?
Where did Sparrow's compass really come from?
Real world impact of The Blair Witch Project
How do movies/TV shows replicate the West Wing (White House)?
Why must the Avalon be perpetually in autopilot?
Do Indian movies screened outside India, have intervals as well?
Where does Sheldon hide the Golf Ball in TBBT S09E19?
Why did the Predator not kill Arnold immediately as it killed everybody else?
Why is Superman still not aware of the Phantom Zone projector being stolen?
Why did this person implicate himself in House of Cards?
Where did the vial of ooze come from?
What was the argument between pirates and Yondu?
Where did the other Gladers get the spears from, to get out of the maze?
Ian's breakthrough on the spacing of alien response
Why this two movies appear in live action?
Can Darth Vader read minds like Kylo Ren?
Why did Sydney feel that he was entitled to $1,700 of Billy's money?
Where is Will Turner's heart at the end?
Why was there a clip of silent movie at the start of John Wick Chapter 2?
The Glaive from Krull
Why are rebel groups always situated in the Rocky Mountains?
Movie about a woman cutting the private part of a man who is a womanizer
How did the first T-1000 die?
How was she able to crack the password of her professor's mail?
What have the harasser said to Rana
Will movies look better on a professional monitor?
Keeping two infinity stones close together
Genius Season 1, a confusion in a quote
Why does Frankie welcome The Saint and Emma as familiar persons?
Was the Iron Giant a war machine bent on human destruction?
What was the significance of screw and bolts filled vomit?
Ski Resort taken over by terrorists
What explains Wonder Woman's decision at the end of the movie?
How did the acid burnt Man in Alien Covenant die?
Harry Morgan Connection on Dexter?
The Philosphers stone in Flash TV series
How did the battleship sink?
Why was there no flag over Buckingham Palace when Diana died?
What kind of medicine is Dr. Poison administering?
What is the meaning or symbolism of people giving Money to Tweek and Craig for being gay?
Why does Hugh Glass look at the camera at the ending scene?
What is the extent of Wonder Woman's powers?
What happened to Eli and Oskar in Let the right one in?
Why doesn't Spider-Man look like an adult in Captain America: Civil War?
Why was the movie titled Inception?
Why were the deposition tapes dated November 10, 2017?
What did Newt offer to pay Gnarlack?
Were body doubles originally intended to be used before casting the female lead?
How can the Bride tell the number of years she was in a coma by looking at her palms?
What was the purpose of asking to store diamonds for only 24 hours in Benedict's vault?
Identify movie: The set is a space crew on a space station and war starts on earth
Does Joe get captured in Shanghai because of revealing his intention to the future guy?
Why didn't Sam come back to the White House?
How did Baahubali move very fast right after bulls with fire horns run?
How does Shaw know the Engineers hate humans?
How big of a deal is the state's attorney's office of cook county?
Where did Wonder Woman's sword come from?
Why did Syrena help Jack Sparrow?
Who exactly is Hippolyta?
How Scooby doo identified Refrigerator even with a mirror door?
Why/how does Gupta have Buck's knife?
Why did they pick World War I over World War II in Wonder Woman?
How Don Tommasino and Don Corleone know each other?
Do Wonder Woman's bracelets have special powers?
The two million never got to the island. What does this phrase mean?
How did Lester know Malvo's name?
How old is Wonder Woman?
Why key is called skeleton key?
Can Wonder Woman die?
How do we know the names of the hitmen from Fargo?
How does merchandising work in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
What is Jack Sparrow's real name?
Looking for a funny and inspirational hindi movie
Mystery surrounding Ichabod's mother
How did Odin come to leave the Tesseract on Earth?
Why Kattappa didn't kill Bhallaladeva
Was Hippolyta telling the truth about Diana's origin?
Does Ben Devereaux suffering from stroke saved him from becoming Papa Justify?
Do patients experience tastes during brain surgery?
Was Miss Beadle the inspiration for Clara Clayton in BttF3?
Is the Bachelorette scripted?
Godmother's assumptions?
Why did Catherine Tramell use the pseudonym "Catherine Woolf"?
What is the poisonous spray that Jackal used on his car?
What's written on the two stones (Possibly in Chinese) in blade runner?
How did Chigurh find the hotel he was staying at?
Why do Declan & Carter Preston rush to Isabella's house when they find an FBI access code?
Why is the movie title "Wrong Turn"?
Why did Orange said Blonde was going to betray everyone?
Why is Edward in a white limousine at the end of the film?
Why would Vivian think that Edward couldn't afford $300 for her to stay the night?
Who and what is Karla?
How did Wonder Woman's shield withstand machine gun fire?
Has the TV show "Who Wants to be a Millionaire" made anyone a millionaire?
Why "Moana" is called "Vaiana" in Europe?
Did Frau Blucher think the monster was the original one?
Why Child Protection service tell Lyla to wait for 6 months to fill the form?
What is Russell Crowe's character in "The Mummy"?
The clones are sentient paradox
Jack Sparrow in the beginning of Pirates of the Caribbean 3?
What was the ring shown by Berger to Lazlo?
Why is the movie title "Mirchi"?
Why the use of seemingly unnecessary profanity in The King's Speech?
What answer can take care of all their questions in Casablanca?
What are the stories Rick heard in Casablanca?
How was this glass shattering scene shot without getting any injury to the head?
What does 'celestial' mean in the TV series Deadwood?
Is law enforcement aware of the Continental?
How to find out if (especially foreign) movies are uncut
Where are David & Miranda when the capsule crashes into the ISS?
A man who can move things with his eyes
Why is Matt lying about not killing anybody?
Is there an explanation for John Wick's behavior at the end of "John Wick: Chapter 2"?
Is Ewan McGregor in The Force Awakens? If so, what was his role?
What Calvin exactly doing with Oxygen torches by holding?
Why did the probe activate retrorockets on a water landing?
Who kills T'Chaka, one of the original Black Panthers + father of the current Black Panther?
Who is the girl in the movie Southbound?
Identifying a movie where a man falls and gets humorously run over
What's the minimum power level to destroy a planet?
Is Wonder Woman Immortal?
Is there a requirement that television commercials state "paid spokesperson" and such in the US?
How is Salazars curse linked with Sparrow's compass
Why did Michael Bay have an insignificantly small role in Coyote Ugly?
Why is Turner's blood necessary to break the Aztec gold curse?
Why turn back instead of following the Jurassic Park tour route?
Wonder Woman's strength (2017 film) vs the comic books
Looking for clarification of jury rulings at the end of A Few Good Men
How did they sail from Themyscira to London in one night while sleeping?
Does the fog obscuring Themyscira do anything except hide the island?
Does the telephone pole in the new Twin Peaks appear in the Fire Walk With Me movie?
Why does Mike call Jimmy "Saul"?
Did Harry Truman's nephew appear in the original Twin Peaks?
Is the fat trout trailer in Twin Peaks: The Return, part 6 the same we see in Fire Walk With Me?
The two men that tried to kill Dougie in his car, are they from the group with the guys we see in part 6 (the bookies)?
Why the movie was titled "Youth"?
Why does Barbara refer to Sheba with an "S" at times when writing in her diary?
Why did Vader passively accept being killed and replaced at Palpatine's command?
How are scenes with cannabis plants shot?
Why did Snape kill this character in Half-Blood Prince?
Why does Dean kill this character in end of Season 10?
What happened to the Engineers that managed to hide in the room?
Why did they release clones of Alice and get them killed in Resident Evil: Extinction?
Why Precious gave her baby a Muslim name?
Theatrical Release vs Home Release Differences
Does Muriel suffer from some type of mental illness?
If they all forget about each other
Magneto's Children in Avengers and X-Men
In the movie It Comes At Night, who infected whom?
How was so much wildfire made and then transported underneath the cathedral?
Why did Rey react that way towards BB8?
Did Dumbledore already know this?
What happened to the probes at the end of Life?
Why did Mr.World need to involve the police?
What does Jacob find that changes his mind?
Where did Gilligan's Island get the sound for the Mars probe in S02E04?
Help me find this Science/Thriller movie involving an injured man and a mentally unstable woman
When did they become invisible?
Does "Secret Life of Walter Mitty" have two endings?
What's the name of that old Italian comedy movie with a suitcase full of money?
What's the first movie with a plot twist?
About the ending of The Fundamentals of Caring (Spoiler)
What was clothes swapping supposed to mean for the two lead characters in Girl Asleep
What was Robb Stark's true motivation in his rebellion against the crown?
How are scenes shot in burning buildings?
What is this importance of the mist that appears in the hospital corridor?
The Osborn disease or the spider venom?
Why Precious stole the file from Weiss's files?
How many game systems does Steven own?
How much money did Jason Bourne have in the red bag during Bourne Identity?
Who amongst the living Targaryens should be the ruler of Westeros?
Is knowing Cars 2 required to fully enjoy Cars 3?
Explanation of the last scene in Sense8 Season 2
Is Lady Stoneheart's absence from the show explained?
How did Trish's mom gain custody of Jessica?
What does Kenny say to James?
What "thing" are the Indians trying to win?
What happened to the remaining Inglourious Basterds members?
Why is the movie titled "If I Stay"?
What is E-DEATH based on in Sense8?
Why Doctor Carmack didn't wait for Patricia while closing the door?
Why did Spielberg use fictional characters (informants Louis and Papa) in Munich
How UAC Facility center on Earth also got infected?
Why did the party scene in Precious cut suddenly to a black screen for several seconds then skip to the next scene?
Why did the Black Pearl not change?
What movie is this?
Why is there an iPhone in "All Eyez On Me"?
Why didn't Harry Potter use the Resurrection Stone?
Why did the 24th chromosome pair turn people into monsters instead of superhumans?
Why does Avanthika have no dialogues in Baahubali The Conclusion?
Who gave the Invisibility Cloak to Harry Potter?
Help identifying Evil Dead like movie
How does Santino connect with the first John Wick movie?
Is Fiona a parody of Ladyhawke?
Why Samantha says human beings need capable to get infected?
Why does the water hang from the ceiling in an underground cave?
Who decides which VFX studio will work on a movie?
Why does Rita Repulsa always show up with water droplets?
Why was the character of Chief O'Hara created
How did Jack Sparrow become the captain of the ship?
Why does the tint color change when George sees Kenny at the bar?
Why Kenny sleeping with the gun?
Why was Will not affected by the Aztec curse?
What was Tom's position about Daisy in The Great Gatsby?
Who is talking to Claudia in the end shot?
When Wonder Woman says "Hera give me strength", does she get added strength?
What is the meaning of Kenny words in this scene?
What is Mycroft's job?
Why didn't they use another plan in The Road to El Dorado?
Why the German police?
What are the original movie titles spoofed in Unbreakable Kimmy?
Why do some scenes have bad video & audio?
Intentional link between Ares' "armistice which cannot hold" and real Treaty of Versailles?
How is a blind character working at film developer lab?
What is the significance of the different avatars of Catwoman in Batman's vision during Concussion?
Spy movie where recruits are tested by flooding their dormitory
Why Kilimanjaro song not shot at Mt Kilimanjaro location?
Did Jason drown?
80's movie where tourists are forced to play life and death chess game after being captured and imprisoned
How did William Turner survive?
Why do TV and movie opening credits single out some cast members by displaying the character's name as well as that of the actors?
Is the John Simm version of the Master returning to Doctor Who?
Filming of scene in Hanna
How was Margaret not going to get deported for marrying Andrew?
How was Edmure Tully convinced by Jaime Lannister?
Why does Chuck McGill end the season like this?
Does Maui really need his fishook to do magic?
Who sent Winston Baldry as a fake Leroy to kill Jerry?
What's the meaning of the first scene in Fargo S03E01?
Why does Jim have no back story?
What did they mean in "Looks like someone forgot to do laundry"?
Explanation of the last scene in La La Land
Why did Michèle damage Richard's car?
Why did Patrick rape Michèle?
Why didn't Jon Snow recognize Summer?
Why does Quentin Tarantino add non-plot related dialogue in his movies?
In five minutes that door is going to open, and a man... will tell me I am free to go
Suggested order for X-Men animated series
Why would the President pardon Doug?
Were those real helicopters in Kong Skull island?
Polish language in Schindler's List
Why does Harry Morgan keep appearing to Dexter?
How did Rod find Chris?
Who took the money in No Country for Old Men?
Teenage boy who witnesses the murder of his neighbor
What makes David Harloff more of an Ariel than a Caliban?
How is the "skid to a stop" cartoon stock sound effect done?
Why can't Piper sidestep this dilemma?
How did the show "Comcast Newsmakers" work on CNN Headline News?
Why is Ali's father crying at the mosque?
When did Michael start having the visions?
What is the significance of traffic lights ?
What does "Forrest Gump" mean in Samantha words?
What is the meaning of the ending in the Personal Shopper (2016) film?
Why did Remy show his chest when she asked him reason not to kill him?
Who is Mr. Wrench working for at the season 3 ending of Fargo?
Why did Lester want to keep Ray Breslin in the Prison in movie "Escape Plan"?
Why Jeannie reveals truth behind Van Wilder's party failure?
Where and when does the "idea" light bulb appear for the first time?
Why are they counting 10 people missing?
What was the first franchise to prominently feature LGBT characters?
How to explain this apparent paradox in "Arrival"?
License plates in Zootopia
Could Bill Cipher be an avatar of Nyarlathotep?
How/Why do the hackers have explosives in their PCs?
Identify this animated movie about humans, trolls/goblins, and villainous aliens?
Movie where retired weak cop stumbles on three women kidnapped by two black men?
How did Captain Jack Harkness keep on the TARDIS?
What techniques did animators follow to show the age of Lightning Mcqueen?
Why is everything that happens in Fight Club because of Marla Singer?
AvP and Covenant Timeline conflict?
Why Real human roles are missing in Smurfs The Lost Village (2017)?
Did Richard trip deliberately in Silicon Valley's "Meinertzhagen's Haversack" episode?
Why did Vision end up in Iron Man's team?
Why was Elizabeth in the rain and alone?
What is the significance of our final view of the squid/whale?
How did Johnny Cage leave Netherrealm?
What is "The Story of China" film within the film?
How strongly are the rules of The Continental enforced?
Whose baby was it?
Will I understand "War for the Planet of the Apes" if I don't watch the rest of the movies?
Why Thomas didn't kill immediately when Darius clearly hints he is after his daughter's murder?
Did Percy gain immortality along with Dr.Parnassus?
Why Jedburgh kill the Senator & his agents?
What happened to Alex?
Why does Gringo reveals the location of remaining money to Caracas?
Is Hannibal Lecter in love with Will Graham?
When did Gringo saved Javi for the first time?
Identify anime robot show from 80s/ early 90s, song sounds like Silver Surfer?
What type of gun is the Saint of Killers rocking on The Preacher?
How did Nick Fury lose his left eye?
Why did a German soldier carry a Danish flag?
Why does Golden Sparrow always use "she" instead of "I" or "My"?
Why is the spoken German in many US films and TV shows so inaccurate?
Why did Prideaux kill Haydon?
What did Jack Ryan say in the missile room?
How did so many helicopters fit on deck?
Why is it called Bull Durham?
Why didn't The Mountain die after the fight with Prince Oberyn?
Has there ever been a movie that was cancelled after the trailer was released?
What did Willy Wonka say in German before going into the Inventing Room?
Who was the oldest actor to play a teenager?
Are Agents of Shield Storylines/character ever referenced in MCU films?
Can the Vice President work with equal power as the president?
Why did I see Spider-Man with Captain America's shield in his hand?
How do movie crews film/control babies and toddlers at the same time?
Why did Armand have to give Katherine money for custody rights to Val?
Why use unnecessary "from the director of" for famous directors on movie posters?
Did the DCAU ever hint about Harley Quinn's bisexuality?
Why did Yondu need Groot to get his Fin back if he said he controls the arrow with his heart?
IMAX and Aspect Ratio
Why other wizarding schools of Europe didn't participate in Battle of Hogwarts?
Why the aspect ratio change from 4:3 to 16:9 to even wider formats?
A car working without fuel in the last episode of Fargo S3?
Why does Claire Underwood regret crying at the funeral?
What is the deal with the name of the Doctor Who Series 10 companion (Bill)?
Why did Arrival have a Horse Wrangler?
What is this shining look like effect called?
Why was the final shootout scene shot in a very dark violet tint?
Why does Anzor walk away?
Why "Sawdust and Mildew" movie team stands up when Franks announces "Bomb" as Best Picture?
What is this thinking type effect called?
I'm searching for a 80s or 90s American movie about a crazy religious woman
How did Riddick kill Lord Marshal Zhylaw?
What is the meaning of the elevator scene in Zero Dark Thirty?
Why did House hire Chase after Chase's dad called?
How did Lois Lane know Lex Luthor has Martha Kent as hostage?
What if a bullet hit Wonder Woman?
Is the shadow organization in Munich real?
Why does Son Goku at Dragon Ball not ask the Dragon to be immortal?
What specifically happened when Holden was killed in Blade Runner?
How does Baby listen to Doc's plan if he has his headphones on?
A 90's Sci-Fi movie about a town repeatedly attacked by a monster and then forgetting
Blue makeup at the hostess party
What is the longest aired episode of a TV series?
Why is Rick and Morty's dimension called "C-137"?
What was the prior relationship between Q and Guinan?
Did Digory already know about the wardrobe?
What did the titular "fish called Wanda" represent in John Cleese's classical comedy?
Do the characters on Mystery Science Theater 3000 know that they are on a TV show?
Was the hotel shut down in the last episode of "Fawlty Towers"?
Who put the key in the box, and how did they get it?
How did the hour-long drama, half-hour animation and comedy format arise?
Why were these people cheering the arrival of the Juggernaut?
Movie about robots from mid to early 2000's
How did Joshua locate his sons bodies at Gallipoli?
What were Goodkat's motives in saving Max's life in "Lucky Number Slevin"?
Why does Sanderson talks to Paul as if they've met before?
How is Themiscyra populated?
What favor did Chenault done to Paul?
How is the term "God" meant in the DC universe?
Why is the movie titled "The Rum Diary"?
Was Cliff Robertson a Real Ventriloquist?
How was helicopter scene filmed in Escape to Witch Mountain (1975)?
How old are the characters in the Cars movies?
Why was Ares contradictory to common Mythology?
Is Pennywise the clown imaginary?
Does Aaron Cross intentionally trap a wolf, or does he just improvise?
Does Paterson adopt a backup strategy?
Identify B-grade Sci-Fi 1970-1995: alien animal with long tail connected to researcher via cable, hallucinations, then bloodbath
What is the origin of the name "Caf-Pow"?
What exactly is an Anti-Hero?
What is the symbolism of Caleb's scars?
Why is the "I coulda been a contender" line from On the Waterfront so famous?
In Alien 3, is the Ox/ Dog xenomorph a Queen?
What were the Slytherins doing during the battle of Hogwarts?
"Doppelgänger" movie identification
What happened to the second Blue Thunder prototype?
How did NASA astronauts launch the pod from Mars, though they were at millions of Kilometres away?
Why is the Black Pearl partially unharmed at the begining of "At World's End"?
Why ghosts are commonly visible to kids eyes?
Why does this character in Black Rain do this?
How could Jigsaw afford to build all those traps?
Why did Max leave the Citadel at the end of Mad Max Fury Road?
Why were there Sylvester Stallone movie references?
What is this statue?
How does one Klingon recognise another as discommended?
What is the status of the Damage Control TV show after Spider-Man: Homecoming?
Trying to find the title for a black and white horror film with stage props coming to life
Is there a term for a character only there to die?
At the start of Community S01E04 why is Pierce hiding his face?
How does Sherlock know what Moriarty "is going to do next" in The Abominable Bride?
Is there a meaning behind the dripping sink at the end of the movie?
Is Spider-Man: Homecoming correct in saying it takes place 8 years after the Battle of New York?
Do we ever see any visions in the fire?
Mention of "crackers" in Zodiac
Tony's Private life in Spider-Man: Homecoming
Why does Brad Pitt in Inglorious Basterds have scars on his neck?
What actually happened with E.T. under the plastic sheet?
Who are the mob stealing from in Casino?
Is Captain America back with Iron Man and the Avengers?
How did Bud White survive a shot in the chest in L.A. Confidential?
Why is the soil sample return vehicle in "Life" tumbling?
How did Frank realize the coup?
Is Nerve an AI?
Has an actor ever played a woman, or an actress a man, in a non-comedic/horror way?
What is the black box behind the guest side of the desk on The Daily Show?
What would happen if a male had the Female Titan power in 'Attack on Titans'?
Explanation of the opening scene of Inception
What the Baron did with his patients?
What was the cause of death for the baby in Trainspotting?
What did Denis say in French during season 2 episodes 3 & 4 of Preacher?
Is there any other historical character in hell other than this character in Preacher?
Why are there fake lockers in the school?
Is the new live-action Ghost In The Shell movie a composite?
What's with all the swords?
How does Claire Underwood commit this crime?
Final scene of Memento
When did Spider-Man get his mechanical web thrower?
What did Jack Sparrow mean by "I'm in the market, as it were"?
Can anyone help me find this sci-fi/horror movie with guys backpacking and an invisible alien?
How did Gibbs become a pirate?
Did a TV edit of Die Hard have McClane say "Yippie Ki Yay Melon Farmer"?
What happened to Sam Witwicky (Shia LaBeouf) after Transformers 3?
Where does the concept of a genie granting three wishes come from?
In movie production, what exactly happens on the other side of phone calls?
Why was Xavier losing control of his powers?
Was April trying to commit suicide?
How does Adrian Toomes hide his earnings from the IRS?
How did Peter Jackson get the rights of the Lord of the Rings?
Were American films ever shown in the US in foreign languages?
Why is Frigga (queen of Asgard) not taken to healing room?
What was the point of the Sabre Data Protection technology in Elysium?
What were the production reasons behind S05E19 of "Stargate: Atlantis"?
How many people has John Wick killed?
What was on Aladdin's list?
What did the color Red symbolize in "American Beauty"?
Who cursed the Aztec gold coins?
Was Alex Jones alone in the RV when it was parked infront of his old home?
Movie about a daydreamer child who loses her father
Was Alex's accident a planned torture?
Why did O-Ren plant the dagger on the balcony?
Do stunt doubles go to movies where the actor lookalikes go?
Where is Gendry?
Why did Baz and Josh paint the room white before stealing the safe?
How does the timeline of Logan fit into the X-Men universe?
When did Iriden 3 get blown up in the Dark Matter timeline?
"The Mission" and "The Nightmares" in Star Wars: The Clone Wars
Was the ending of "American Beauty" happy or sad?
When did Indiana Jones learn to fly a plane?
Movie where serial killer puts all the women he kills in the water like a "underwater garden"
What did Walter do that would make Gus want to kill him?
Why did Ted go to MacLaren's to call the locksmith when Barney locks him out in "Now We're Even"?
Is Kermit the only muppet to appear in both the Sesame Street and Muppets franchises?
Why is Indian movie industry called as Bollywood?
Why did they name it Super Friends rather than Justice League of America?
What is the reference to Ferris Bueler's Day Off in Spider-Man Homecoming?
Is the Death Star Lego Model in Spider-Man: Homecoming a real product?
Who installed the charge and why, in the explosion scene?
What exactly did Emily pick after rejecting from cheerleader team?
Why were certain shots deliberately paced slowly in 2001: A Space Odyssey?
Why did Romero cast a Black actor as the lead?
Why did Brain ask Brendan about letting Dode go back to the theater?
How did Frank put the bomb in the plane?
When Scrooge recognizes a boy named "Toby Veck", is this a reference to someone?
Why does Dr. Hannibal Lecter respect Clarice in "Silence of the Lambs"?
What is the first science fiction movie or TV show mentioning autonomous car?
Why Brendan roll the cigaratte with his foot?
Why is the movie title "Brick"?
Which menial tasks is Samwell Tarly executing in the Citadel?
Spider-Man's resilience
What happened with Charlotte Richards in Lucifer's finale?
Significance of Peter Parker's ringtone
Which movie is this scene from: Failed chair door lock
An 70s or 80s horror plotting a large serpent or dragon living under a mansion in deep hole or well or chamber and eats humans
Don't other Maesters know about these properties of Dragon-glass?
Why is the Baratheon sigil still shown on King's Landing in the Game of Thrones opening sequence?
First appearance of going to past (time-travel) to change the present
Patrick Stewart film with naked aliens who turn people into zombies
Horror movie about psychopath murderer parents who raise daughter to be perfect until little boy helps her out
What's this movie about a ship getting upside down?
What does the color Red symbolize in "The Sixth Sense"?
What do the triangles in the Ghost in the Shell (2017) poster symbolize?
What's with the loud trailers?
Would Walder Frey have acted another way if Robb kept his promise?
Which three kingdoms is Jaime referring to?
Did Michael Corleone ever get revenge against those who killed his wife?
Are Daenerys dragons the only dragons in the seven kingdoms?
How come Jason can stay safe when Professor X attacked mutants in X2?
How does Wynn know Jamie's baby is at Tommy Doyle's house?
Who is the third man that Sandor Clegane is referring to?
Why are coastal scenes mostly shot from the north?
How can Daniel Hardman come back, against Pearson's wishes, 5 years after resigning?
What is up with Jesse and kids?
Is the tool given by the heptapods a gift, an imposition, a debt, a curse, other?
What exactly does the inside of the “Black Lodge” look like in “Twin Peaks?”
What philosophies does Ron Swanson follow?
Crime tv series (older than 10 years) with stone circle
Did Walter White's poor choices lead to his downfall?
Is there a scene where Charles Townsend's face can be seen?
Jesse's real bad luck!
Why does the head of the NPA or L have to show themselves on TV just because the second Kira asked them to?
Why didn't Aragorn tell Theoden where they're going?
Leon "type" of plant
What is this movie where a father convinces his son that the concentration camp they are in is all just a game?
Memory of an episode no one remembers from Star Trek?
How many Calvins were in the movie Life?
Time travel / accessing the fourth dimension
Why was Dragonstone left unoccupied for such a long period of time?
Why do Mr. Dawson and Peter hide the truth from the soldier?
Did Winter purposefully allow Red to escape?
Is the human disease as bad as the Colonel believes it to be?
How come Nova's dad could talk?
How are the astronauts where they are in the Planet of the Apes?
Significance of overly explicit scene at the start of the film?
Is there a pattern to scenes where Baby isn't listening to music but there's no tinnitus sound?
Woman loses her memory in the end
Which movie was referred in this scene?
Are the “Black Lodge” and “White Lodge” actual places? Or are they simply dreamlike realms that characters have experienced in a common dream?
Why must the One choose unequal numbers of males and females?
Who is Amber in Green Room?
What's up with the black balloon in "A Little Princess" (1995)?
First in-helmet shots (like Iron Man)
How did Ocean's Thirteen made their profit
Intentional use of "colossal" in The Andromeda Strain?
How are 3D still shots or "time stop" effects created?
What happened to the other Droid Control Ships or where did they go?
What media format do TV stations use?
Was there an intentional reference with the quote "smoking cigarettes and watching Captain Kangaroo"?
Was Tracy Mills a part of John Doe's plan from the beginning?
Why shoes in bed?
Mysterious motel and other wierd things/items
Why was Child 44 banned in Russia
What happened to Gwen in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2"?
Movie with "time loop" where historic figures are summoned through a mirror
Why does Farrier not choose another escape route?
What did the Origami Chicken and the Matchstick Man represent in "Blade Runner"?
Why did the birds attack in Alfred Hitchcock's 'The Birds'?
Why is Mrs. Callum's daughter named "Thor"?
Why did John Doe need to check out books at a public library?
Super 35mm film and sound
How realistic are the dogfight scenes in Dunkirk
What are the charges against John Rambo by the end of First Blood (1982)?
Why was screenPlay only able to air 1 hour of the Overwatch World Cup?
Why does Gaff spare Rachael's life?
Is there something similar to a "Radio edit" of a song in television
Suits Season 5: Harvey's storyline
Why does the demon murder those victims?
Was Ra's al Ghul nearly immortal in the Dark Knight trilogy?
Why is there not any bullet wound in this character in Dark Knight Rises?
Why did Collins not eject his seat when his plane was about to crash?
Was there a TV show that returned for another season after declared as finished?
Does the university from "Crimson Rivers" actually exist?
Why didn't the FBI trace the getaway truck?
What is the point of Ozark's flashback episode?
Did Gus Fring really intended to replace Walter White with Gale when he asked Gale if he could cook Walter's formula Or was this Walter's fear?
What caused Jesse Pinkman to go spiralling down after killing somebody?
Is this character hallucinating in "Stormborn" (S07E02)?
Who else knows the truth about Jon Snow's parentage?
Who drowned in the beached ship?
What exactly is the old man at the end of Dunkirk going through while distributing food to the survivors?
What is the explanation of "act of killing a bug"?
What is the purpose of the chains hanging from the shelves at the Citadel?
Why did Nymeria leave Arya?
Why is "VV" funny in the UK?
Does the giant coconut crab in Moana live underwater?
In the "Hacksaw Ridge" (2016) film does Mel Gibson question the existence of God?
What is the significance of the robot names in Interstellar?
Why does Steve decide against using the Rohypnol?
Why do Superman and Batman's mothers have the same name, Martha?
Pink bird and turtle travelling in time?
Why is the movie Following (1998) shot in black & white?
Frank Underwood's Obsession with Power
Is there any CGI used in Dunkirk?
TV episode about patient who has revenge on plastic surgeon who botched his/her surgery
Guilt being the cause of Insomnia theme have any common basis from real life?
Why did Lex want to kill Superman?
What was the earliest movie with a "conspiracy theorist's pegboard"?
An alien lands on Earth, women believes he's good turns out he's bad
How did John Wick's wife die?
Why did Jon Snow choose someone he barely knew to this post?
Why doesn't Doc use the DeLorean in order to escape from the Libyans?
Was Ser Jorah Mormont's letter to Khaleesi a suicide letter?
What is this creature/machine removing a baby from the treepod?
Enormous robots invade Earth through lightning
What is the Dowager Countess of Grantham's source of money?
What's the difference between "and" and "&" in movie credits?
Why did Wesley Gibson's father take this action?
Why did Morpheus tell Trinity to stay off the freeway?
Why did Toretto accept working for Cipher in first place?
What was the cloth that Minho and Thomas found in the maze?
How do they film someone submerged in water for prolonged periods of time and the character does not drown (as in the actor themselves)?
Does Paterson grow in any way?
Making sense of Mary Watson catching the bullet
Does the story in Game of Thrones lose coherence if explicit sexual scenes are removed? Are they necessary?
When and why did Tony Stark dig a hole in his chest?
Why is the resistance called the resistance?
Was Shireen Baratheon's doll intentionally infected with greyscale?
When did Clarke become pregnant in the TV series 'The 100'?
Is there a version of Harvey in which Harvey becomes visible in the final scene?
How come Maesters have not yet figured out what cured Shireen?
How did the facehugger grow to full-sized xenomorph?
Did Wonder Woman kill Ares?
Why was this character banished from Tomorrowland?
How does he end up alone?
The Futurama Theorem
Why does the narrator say 'The ring came to the creature Gollum'?
What are the parallels between Angier/Borden and Edison/Tesla?
"Over the Garden Wall" - What does the title refer to?
Who came up with the idea of displaying *ZOK*, *POW* etc as words in a fight?
How does the first assistant camera focus if the director is pointing the camera?
What is "distorting wide angle for a medium shot"?
How realistic is the use of red yarn hub and spokes in crime television shows
Why is there censorship in Parks and Recreation?
Why would legendary villain "El Macho" have jumped into a volcano?
Why did John Doe appear as press photographer?
What is the significance of a dead dog in Se7en?
How did Lisbeth Salander empty the bank accounts?
Why did Maui try to abandon Moana in a cave without any food or water?
What happened to Howland Reed?
What are the back stories behind the two halves of the Brady Bunch family?
Why didn't Anakin's left podracer engine not fry and then stop working altogether?
Why did The Unsullied travel by sea?
Was the smoke in this scene accidental or a practical effect serving to depict something?
Trying to understand this conversation between Adam Bell and the pregnant wife
What happened to Stannis's preserved fetuses
Why are the Queensguard in Game of Thrones (S07) wearing black armour?
What really happened to Woodsman's daughter in "Over the Garden Wall"?
What is the story with the fire in Doc Brown's house?
Why was Robert Patrick never recruited again after Terminator 2?
Why are they avoiding showing Arys Oakheart's face?
How are all the chief's stones on the one island in Moana?
Why does Mattie become angry at Mr. Younger?
Where does Doc get all of his money
Why is the actor who plays Davos not East-Asian and the one who plays Bakuto not Japanese?
How was a powerful house so easily defeated?
Why isn't there much futuristic technology in Logan?
Why do they walk into the Haunted Forest carrying weapons?
Why did these containers stay at the same place?
Why is Punisher wearing a white prison suit in Daredevil S02?
Why did Daenerys say this in "The Queen's Justice"?
How is David playing a melody from an out-of-universe soundtrack?
How does Bryan Mills know who "Marko from Tropoja" is?
Why does the girl need ox heart to give her favours to the ugly monk?
What was the scene Bran Stark was talking about with Sansa?
Was it ever hinted in the books that Westeros was one of many continents?
Which is technically visually of higher quality - 70mm without IMAX or IMAX without 70mm?
How do film makers record the President of the United States?
Why didn't the Lord of the Rings Trilogy just release the Extended Versions in the theater?
Why hasn't Cersei tried to make peace with Jon Snow?
How does this fleet reach their destination so quickly in S07E03?
Do David's actions towards Elizabeth contradict his claims?
What Algorithm is Adrian relying on?
What is the significance of Entrance of the Gods into Valhalla in Alien: Covenant?
War Boy / Mad Max 3 connection?
Why does Jon Snow want to keep this secret from Daenerys?
Why does PC Principal crosses his arms in this way?
Why was Kirk in the Nexus, but not the rest of the crew?
Name of old sci-fi show - man on a deserted planet, looking for a woman
Why does Terry Benedict refuse to kiss Tess in the art gallery?
What does Delphine say to Lorraine?
Did the Catholic Church ever classify some films as sinful to watch, according to ecclesiastic law?
Have there been any indications that Jon Snow's health is failing?
How did it come about that A Clockwork Orange was withdrawn in Britain?
Why does Karen speak three different languages?
How did Gothel in Tangled know the special song for the flower?
Did Damian Lewis appear in Season 6?
Have there ever been movies with the same name, released in the same year?
Who attacked General Mapache's men even before Pancho Villa's men received weapons from the Wild Bunch?
Looking for a fantasy/fairytale-ish movie (80s/90s) - girl in a crash dreaming up a fantasy world
What is the "Barry" reference about during the ice cream chase scene?
Is this montage in Game of Thrones (S07E03) imaginary?
Why is Varys not receiving any help from his little birds?
Why didn't Lady Olenna send for Daenerys?
Why was Vincent alone in Butch's apartment?
Why do characters always touch a spot of blood?
How exactly are subtitles and closed captions written for movies?
Why didn't Vincent and Jules use silencers in Pulp Fiction?
How exactly do you film someone jumping off a very tall building and hitting the concrete below and actually survive?
Is 70mm really necessary? Wouldn't it work with 35mm too?
What is a B-Roll?
How did anyone not suspect that Tris was a Divergent during Dauntless Initiation other than Four?
Do you get enough information in Midsomer Murders to solve the crimes?
Why doesn't Professor X use Cerebro to locate Sabertooth or any of Magneto's henchmen?
Can someone please explain me the climax of Silicon valley 1
Where are they in this battle in Game of Thrones (S07E04)?
Why eels don't attack in the pool in "A cure for wellness"?
Were the cave drawings in the mine at Dragonstone authentic?
How did the kidney transplant work?
Did Daenerys mess up regarding caravans?
How did Bronn shoot?
Were the origins of the List ever explained?
Why doesn't Beth just bring Pickle Rick to therapy in S3E3 "Pickle Rick"?
How did Andy get money to buy a rockhammer in The Shawshank Redemption?
Is the guy who types up the credits in movies in the credits?
Explain this The Assassination of Richard Nixon (2004) scene
Does Bran Stark know the truth about Littlefinger?
What was Randyll Tarly's stand after Renly's death?
Why did Daenerys Targaryen make this strategic decision regarding dragons?
Explain the love triangle?
Is the face on the front of the truck a Marvel approved likeness of the Green Goblin?
What were the creatures helping the Man in Black?
Why did Farrier set his plane on fire before getting caught?
Why did the Dothraki attack like this?
Why did Daenerys not take the grain?
Why did the werewolf kill an "innocent" victim?
Which movie adaptation of "Flowers for Algernon" is the closest to the original story?
How does Ginger escape the pie machine?
Where were the Von Trapps going?
Was the attack in Peacemaker a retaliation or simply an attempt to silence Devoe?
Why did Hattori Hanzo hate Bill so much?
What was erased from Jack Harkness's memory?
What is the film technique for cutting a body part off?
Dunkirk's Time Measures
Was there any specific reason behind delaying the meeting of Jon Snow and Bran Stark?
Why Top Hat reference was so necessary in The Green Mile?
Is a graphical representation of Season 7's timeline available?
Arya Stark: Concept of no-one (theory of many faced god)
Why did Daenerys make this strategic choice regarding the Dothraki?
Is the Waif wearing Arya's face?
Is the Three-Eyed Raven incapable of emotion?
What is the significance of the painting at Rachel's parent's house?
How is Grey Worm capable of sexual feelings?
Why did Valentine implant safety chips into his guards at his secret base?
How exactly is Marty Byrde laundering money?
Movie/show about interracial relationship and drugs
Has Daenerys got the gold?
What is Terry's connection to Nevada in S05E01?
Why does Lt. Manion stand mute, rather than plead not guilty in Anatomy of a Murder?
Why is Hunyak's Hungarian so absolutely atrocious?
Why do people behave normally when they come across Ted
How much of the Lannister army is left as of S07E04?
Looking for time travel movie
Do the Faceless Men take more than just a face?
Why does Cersei need to repay the Iron Bank right now?
Were the pamphlets shown in the opening scene really published/circulated?
Who has the rights to choose which ending to show?
Why wasn't Cole Williams ever convicted of assault?
Where did John Ryan pick up the nickname "Jack"?
Why did this happen to Lucas?
Why does Dexter allow the 'code' he follows to endanger innocent lives?
What's the terminology for such presentation in movie?
Why didn't Nightcrawler teleport everyone to a far place?
What was with the hinted suicidal tendencies of Henry?
Movie about a bridge accident, people dying horribly and premonition
What is the name of this Hungarian animation?
Why does the Endurance rotate in Interstellar?
What was Ego's motive exactly?
Magallanes - Translation from Quechua
What was governor Nix's motive to keep the Monitor on?
Why was Bruce not able to control his fears in Batman Begins?
How Charlie and his team convert gold into car in such a short time span in Players?
Do Penn and Teller learn how a trick works after the show?
At end of Not Fade Away (2012), is that Sunset Boulevard?
How are films dubbed into different languages?
How did the lady with the revolver see the hollow?
How did Saroo find the location of his village?
Why is everyone in the corridors after Harry's detention
Why did Wolfgang kill his father?
Why is the movie titled The Phantom Menace?
Sci-fi movie about a gigantic Russian submarine
Why didn't Jacob choose Richard as protector of the island?
Why did Bauria throw the drugs into the well?
Which characters have appeared in every episode of Game Of Thrones?
Why is Ranajay unable to tell Iman that he loves her?
What explains Jaime and Bronn's fate after the supply chain battle?
What is Petyr Baelish planning with regards to Arya?
Why did Arya Stark hint at going "West of Westeros" but seems to have forgotten it in season 7?
Three eyed raven vs the night king
Is there a close-up of a boot or a wheel in Titanic?
How was Pennywise's appearance in the novels when compared to film and miniseries?
What is the punishment in the Nights Watch for abandoning your mission?
What languages do Daenerys's dragons understand?
Why did Eddie's resurrection take so much longer?
What is the significance of these houses in Spirited Away?
Movie 80's/90's where humans are been replaced by cyborgs/robots
Who of these characters has a more legitimate claim on the Iron Throne?
Couldn't one or two or three dragons take care of the Army of the Dead in like a couple hours?
How does Jorah Mormont know who Thoros of Myr is?
How is the audience supposed to follow the story around Daenerys?
Why do women not like Chandler Bing?
What was Chandler Bing's job?
How did the Dothraki get here in "The Spoils of War"?
Why is Daenerys called a foreign invader by Randyll Tarly?
Why isn't there Hogwarts without Hagrid?
Trope: The determined young man is given a chance
Why do some TV scenes include many sex scenes when it obviously leads to worse ratings?
Why urgent mission to fight Army of Dead and Wight hunting with bunch of people?
Why is the mansion called "Rose Red"?
Why are some spells in Harry Potter in English?
What is the significance of making Eddie a hopeless virgin?
How does Derek Vinyard get away with only a Manslaughter charge for the "Curb-Stomp"?
How to kill a white walker
Why can't this character in Game of Thrones have children?
Why doesn't Ego know that Groot is by his brain/core?
TV short horror stories from 90's
Why are these people in Winterfell for so long?
What does the Night King really want?
How many hours does Carson Daly spend on "Last Call w/ Carson Daly?
How does the 8 million legally belong to Byrde?
Who is the man at the ending of "Extraterrestrial"?
Qyburn's original intentions!
What is the significance of "Beep Beep Richie!"?
In The Lego Batman Movie, why did the Justice League not offer to help?
Why did Hugh Jackman leave the X-Men franchise?
Who are Sheldon's references of Crunch and Kangaroo?
How did they get left behind?
Why would the Children of the Forest create the White Walkers, only to fight them later on?
How does the White Walkers' undead-spell spread?
What is the state of affairs on Nootka Sound by the end of season 1?
If Daenerys was willing to help these people out, why didn't she do it from the beginning?
Is Zilpha Horace Delaney's or Salish's daughter?
Why does Nolan fill his recent hits with permanent noise/music?
Godfather Saga vs Godfather Theatrical Release: Genco
What was the name of the main camera used to shoot Prometheus?
Why did the werewolves start shooting at the vampires in public?
Dunkirk Character Stories
Why did they kick these two characters off the boat?
What is the significance of Nimrod to Dunkirk's original score?
What are the film techniques for broken and protruding bones?
Why didn't Jon Snow use this?
What did Lefors represent?
Do I need to watch Annabelle before Annabelle 2?
How can I link The Ring Two (2005) and Rings (2017)?
How many Valyrian steel swords are there in all seven kingdoms?
How was the Night King able to see and touch Bran Stark?
Why does this happen with Longclaw?
Why isn't Daenerys searching for more dragon eggs?
What happens to the first puppy in A Dog's Purpose?
Why did Drogon allow this character to pet him?
Why is dragonglass effective against White Walkers?
Why is Teddy Daniels wearing a band-aid above his left eye?
Is James Delaney describing the East India Company in his own words?
Why does Jacob tie his bed sheets to the bars in his bathroom window?
Was Jacob's downward spiral motivated purely by self-preservation?
Why does Tarkovsky use monochrome and color in the same film?
Do we know who Robert's mother is?
What is the one thing that the elders of K'un-Lun value above all else?
Why do older films and television shows seem to have higher contrast?
Are James Delaney's less British habits of Nootka or African origin?
Was it normal for Ali Rose to hide cash in their house?
Is it possible that Eleanor orchestrated this event?
What pop culture reference is Jessica Jones making?
Why is Christopher hiding at the end of the fifth season?
What does "One plus one, does it make one?" mean in movie Incendies?
What was the point of the fake heist?
How do cast producers manage false bomb or artillery explosions?
What happened to Eric after the Dauntless invasion simulator?
Meaning and purpose of the flying saucer in Fargo season 2
How did the Wights get the chain for doing this?
Why didn't Jon and his group use horses?
Why did Benjen Stark allow this to happen to him?
Why did the Night King attack the furthest target first?
Why does Donna keep flipping the face of her wristwatch on meetings?
How did they make cars fall apart in old movies?
Why worry about the Night King if they have the wall?
Did HBO change the title of Game of Thrones S07E06?
Can the dead cross the Wall?
Why does Rick smile when Jerry says he's gonna go take a leak in S03E05?
How do Skeleton wights make sense?
What do members of the Hand mean when they say "To serve life itself"
Where do the Night King and his army get the tools and weapons from?
How long were Jon and company on the island?
Why did Renly consider himself King?
Hitchcock, Stewart and Grant
Divorce in New York: Hitchcock vs. Allen
Is this thing a wight or a White Walker?
Can Valyrian Steel weapons be made now?
Why is the Night King so slow?
Is the expansion of Ego's seed referenced anywhere else in MCU?
If the Hogwarts kids are invisible, is the Forbidden Forest invisible? Also, what's in it?
Why didn't Beric use his flaming sword to keep everybody warm?
Why is this person not affected by bullets?
What does Morty do to Summer's ex boyfriend?
How were the maze walls and ground suddenly intact again?
If the title is called Scorch Trials, what are the trials in the movie itself?
How is the eye of the Longclaw getting opened?
The Iron Bank of Braavos and Dragonstone!
Help me identify this probably obscure science fiction movie or TV show I saw in the early 90's
Why didn't the Night King throw the spear at Jon Snow and team?
'Objects in mirror are closer than they appear'
Blocking White Walkers sword attacks. Feasible?
How are wights re-animated?
Why were Na'Toth and Keffer in all the Season 2 credits?
Did sending the white raven in season 6 mean winter has come?
European movie about body-controling parasites in the forest
Wrong rotation of Endurance in Interstellar?
Why did WICKED want to kill Thomas in the first place?
Why didn't Jon point out the white walkers when Dany showed up?
How does the time loop work?
How did George survive the tree hitting impact?
Where was Hermione's time turner after the Prisoner of Azkaban?
How does Harry Potter save himself from the dementors?
The Wire: Pager Cloning
How was Devil able to hit Sister Charlotte in Annabelle: Creation?
The Wire: Payphone Code
Why does Daenerys always ride the same dragon?
Why do characters believe Littlefinger to be untrustworthy?
Who falls off cliff and is killed by the wights?
Why did Herr Starr do this to his date? What was he about to do?
Are some zombies high skilled
How did the Night King's army enter and pull it out from the water?
What is the significance of other sensates's names according to The Wachowskis?
Why are real animals used in film production subject to the exposure of violence, 'slaughter' and abuse?
Jacob's Ladder timeline explanation
Where did Katniss get another rope?
What is the film technique for someone breaking into pieces?
Why did the boys kill Piggy?
How do the White Walkers interact with their dead army?
How do the "Baby White Walkers" become old (bearded) White Walkers?
Where are the other White Walkers converted from babies?
Where was this Old Amsterdam commercial filmed, exactly?
How does one know which creature was killed?
Character name choosing - General rules for movies with a "real" universe?
How did they film the Titanic splitting in half with all the actors on it?
What exactly started the war and who invaded them?
How did they film Anakin SkyWalker racing in his podracer at that speed?
There is connection between Syrio Forel and Jaqen H'ghar? or between any Braavos people?
Is anyone mining the Dragonglass?
Does Elektra know who she is from the beginning?
What was the connection between Richard's compass and John Locke?
Why would Jon Snow offer this to Jorah Mormont in S07E06?
Why do Super Sentai (Power Rangers) teams wear spandex suits?
Is the movie showing true events, or Lorraine's lies?
What is real in The Prestige?
Which Star Wars character is Vinnie a parody of?
Why was Will Salas so sure that Timekeepers would not jump through the window?
How is the night king not at the wall yet?
Why did Kevin's dog run away?
How did they film the special forces helicopter crashes?
How many White Walkers are out there?
What makes the Night King different from other white walkers?
Why is Littlefinger still at Winterfell?
How did S.H.I.E.L.D. know about Dr. Strange in Captain America The Winter Soldier?
How come nobody in the police found the relation between Brian Moser and Dexter?
How are answers judged on Dutch TV quiz show "De Slimste Mens"?
Why are "audience decides what happens"-movies not a thing?
How does the Oscar jury know whether a director has done a good job?
Why did the police do this in Cold in July?
Why does the song 'Car Wash' appear so often in Eureka?
Did a UK Soap Opera (maybe Corrie) hold an audience vote to decide the end of a storyline?
If there is a large cars population, how are the cars brought into existance?
Why didn't Four warn the rest of Dauntless what was going to happen?
Why are plot holes the most common mistakes made in movies?
Why did Tyrion look displeased?
If E.T was left on Earth by his spaceship, and he couldn't fly up to it, how come he could fly in that bike?
Movie about space, aliens that are humans, sleeper agents
Are homonym answers allowed on The $100,000 Pyramid?
What does this creature breathe in "The Dragon and the Wolf"
Why didn't the Night King just go here?
How did Bakuto come back if the substance was already used up to resurrect Black Sky?
When was the phrase "It's quiet, a little too quiet" first used?
Why does Luke appear in Jessica Jones and Jessica doesn't appear in Luke Cage?
What are Cersei's intentions throughout this interaction?
Why are portraits of David Crockett and Sam Houston on the wall in Naked Gun?
Why can't Kami revive people himself?
Why is Detective Danny Williams absent from so many episodes?
How did this army get here?
Is this what Jon's name should've been?
Does this happen to a king in S7 as well?
Trope for repeating some detail
Did Littlefinger hire the Catspaw assassin?
Why fight this character in the North?
Who is coming after the Mountain?
Movie about World War I
How were the White Walkers planning on getting through The Wall?
Why didn't the red baron shoot the allied plane?
What was Viserion breathing?
Why is Bran hiding details from the other Starks?
Where is Jaime Lannister heading to?
Significance of Jon Snow's real name
Why did Danny Rand break the wall?
Why did the Mountain just stand there and watch?
What is the earliest instance of a film where none of the protagonists survive?
Has there been a movie or a TV show where an abortion was portrayed without negative connotations?
