Why do notes have multiple names?
How to play faster songs on the violin?
How possible for someone with bass voice to sight sing?
Clean and polish an old violin
How to stop vocal fry?
Is there a program that will teach me how to play a piece of music coded in a MIDI file?
Playing Pizzicato on an Electric Bass Guitar
Essential strumming patterns/techniques? and the theory behind it?
What do you call a chord that is not complete?
What is this chord called that looks similar to power chords?
What electronic keyboard can I upload music to play on it?
Switching Gears from 4/4 to 7/8 and back to 4/4
Changing amp tubes
Bar width in Sibelius
Frequency Meter App
What does this split stem notation mean?
Is there a software/website to play notes on snare drums?
Does a diminished first exist?
What is the correct way to play/mute strings with the thumb?
Why were sound effects like the gunshot included in the General MIDI (GM) standard?
Is the action of my guitar really high?
What is a coldplay?
What is balanced audio all about?
Tips for beginner guitar technique
How do you organize your set list for a gig?
Syncing Cubase with External Sequencer
What is the theory behind scales?
Are there any VSTs that emulate analog output filters?
name of the strumming technique
What is a good for system for learning theory through improvisation?
Singer "benchmarking"
How to sync original bpm of an mp3 file to the bpm of my drum module?
What is the nature of the signal between an electric guitar and an amplifier?
Advice on how to gain velocity feeling on DAW keyboard (piano)
3/2 Time signature
How can I find the length in seconds of a quarter-note (crotchet) if I have a tempo marking?
Tempo, time signature and note lengths
Traktor audio 6 recognizes only one deck when pluging into my mac pro, what should i do?
What guitar effects pedals are important to get according to genre?
What are horogram patterns and how do they relate to time signatures?
How to record a piano with high quality?
Difficulty tuning in Drop D
Audio level on recording a piano
Fingering Advice for Bach Invention 13
Any established exercise to ease finger movements while playing piano?
Μy little finger is too weak to play guitar
Is there a term for music composed of everyday sounds?
Is Warsaw Concerto a piano concerto?
Chord analysis of Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No.2 Movement 1 mm 86
Restringing a 7 string bass: Considerations
Are there any software to build and 3D simulate an entire audio visual live show?
How do I become a better electronic music producer?
Where does punta music originate from?
What is the difference between a xylophone, a glockenspiel, marimba, a xylorimba and a marimbaphone?
Is there piano notation for finger sustained notes (as opposed to pedal sustain)?
Can the Yamaha YDP-V240 be made to sound like the Casio AP650 with the lid open?
passing chord preceding 4th in minor scale?
Is there a more specific name for this instrument than "PVC instrument"?
Alternative treatment for Intention tremors in my left pinky and ring finger
What are the advantages of WAV vs. MP3?
XLR vs 1/4 (jack/TRS/TS) output on digital piano. What is better to connect to audio interface?
The Kokyuu! (Holding down strings on bowed instruments)
Which type of wood for an electric guitar should one choose for rock/metal music?
Name for descending semitones under a repeating musical phrase?
Scotland the Brave - advice for newbie pianist
Is my 1951 "Nocaster" worth restoring?
What pitches for singing "Movable Do"?
What type of strings to use for easier bending in fast solos?
Half step mordent in Sibelius
Ideal Cowbell Placement
IEM, 3.5 and 6.35 jacks - Only get left ear when plugged fully in
How to reset tremolo?
Beat detective clips move backwards
Achieve samplepad/keyboard synth sound with a bass guitar for playing live?
Forgetting the piece when playing for the teacher
String bending on acoustic
Are accidentals in the key signature and measure additive?
Ornamentation symbol consisting of two stacked slashes //
Setting twelve string guitar for country blues
Debussy: Reflets dans l'eau: Rhythm Ambiguity
What are some great exercises for adult recorder players?
Is a tie needed into a second-time bar?
Low E buzz troubleshooting
Caffeine / Alcohol Before or During Rehearsal
Billy Corgan's Sound, on Siamese Dream
Low audio output from DJ controller
"Easiest to sound ok" small non-reed woodwinds to learn
Electronic Wind Instrument technique resources
How should I practically prepare/digest/view printed sheet music on a piano?
Ethno and folk music of the german region (excluding bavaria)
What does Grt. and Sw. mean in this organ score?
PA System: What type of speaker for that "punchy" bass?
How to give more depth to vocals when mixing?
What to look for in a $1000 archtop guitar?
Edge Zero II tremolo not parallel to the guitar body
Is it possible to move patches around on the microKorg?
Problem with low tunings on my guitar
Colorful sounding chords
Why do old russian guitar songs sound out of tune?
What kind of a guitar can I play without thumbs?
Is there a general rule when to use a 9th, 11th, and 13th chord on piano
Do all jazz musicians [in a band] need to know a song's melody?
What are the limitations for a guitarist with arthritis in his hands?
Alternative Analysis for Non-Functioning Secondary Dominants
Vocal attack technique
What is this guitar trick of partially touching the strings called?
Sweaty hands while playing piano
How do I reduce treble from an electric guitar without the use of an equalizer ?
Where to start from?
Boogie Woogie in another keys what are the limits?
Resources for singing
Improving as a solo guitarist without learning scales
How to use VST (virtual instruments) on a live gig
What is tritone substitution?
Approaches to free improvisation
How to make people interested in what we're teaching?
Drummer: Follow Bassist, Guitarist, or Lead
Sound proofing underneath the drumset
Can chords found in parallel modes of the relative minor of a key (or relative major when in a minor key) be considered borrowed chords?
I can't edit marker text in Logic Pro X
Composing/Arranging for a String Quartet
Why do I sing a lot better post intense workout?
What would I need to get percussive sounds out of my acoustic guitar?
Please help me name this chord
Minor scale with 7th chords, 7th not raised on 1 and 3
Different Simile Marks
Why are notes beamed across the barline in this piece?
Left hand Finger Technique
Is it normal for new bought ukeleles to be out of tune every few minutes?
What is the difference between mono and stereo?
High notes from guitar amplifier hurt my ears, even at low volume
How do you count off a 3/4 waltz?
When learning a guitar part/song by ear, how do you determine where to put the capo?
Guitar learning path for beginners
Need help with notation and time signatures
Tips for increasing loudness while mastering in Ableton Live
Too much string on the tuning peg?
What factors should be considered to determine the correct gain level when recording instruments?
What is different in double basses without a full body?
What are "Es", "As", etc. chords?
How to choose drum pitches?
I'm using a Roland TD-11KV Electric drum kit, and recording the toms sound different. Why is this?
What is a parallel seventh?
Is there a name for the dotted eighth - sixteenth rhythm pattern?
What is the percentage breakdown of different time signatures and their rate of occurrence in popular music?
What gives the sitar its characteristic sound?
What are "sweeping phrases"?
Do I need a pop filter when I'm recording guitars?
Ηow can I replicate the sound οf this instrument?
How to memorize a long, seemingly random, sequence of two notes at a time?
What are the key points for holding effective auditions?
What exactly are complex sounds in terms of audio waves?
Struggle improvising guitar with other musicians / band / jam session
How should I go about learning the oud?
Is it reasonable to try picking up the tin whistle quickly?
Soft note marking
How do you achieve this bass heavy effect?
How to calculate the resulting frequency of two tones played together?
Creamy vs Crunchy Distortion
Making all elements clearly audible in the mix
How many outputs needed for live performance when using MIDI controllers?
Memorizing a random sequence of complex chords
D major in a C major Chord progression?
When learning a song on guitar by ear, how do you find the chord placements?
Extend measure so it occupies whole line
What does "I Solisti Veneti" mean?
Help for electro-acoustic pickup? (Element Active System)
Is there a tradeoff between vocal flexibility and safety?
Any heads-up tips for recording bass guitars?
What does a DI box do?
String bending on an acoustic?
Chord progressions and key
What kind of chord progressions am I using?
Bass fret board position knowledge
Tell the difference between a natural and a sharp/flat tone?
Is it ever too late to learn guitar?
Finding motivation learning guitar without a band
How cold is too cold to move a piano?
Can any guitar be tuned in Drop D
Why does this progression sound good, even if it not resolve to the root?
Is it okay to remove the cork from a trumpet's mute?
Musically Interesting Guitar Exercises
Do 1/2 size violins sound at normal pitch?
Why are 1/2 (or 3/4, etc) violins called that way if they are not 1/2 size?
What's the difference between overtones and harmonics?
Octave changes on 2nd time
What is the difference between 10, 16 and 24 holes harmonica?
Can tremolo harmonica use diatonic harmonica tab?
How to decode this CSV from a MIDI file?
How to adapt guitar playing style to a new genre
How to specify global markup font-size or other property in Lilypond
Double stopping pizzicato on the violin
Record Label Instrumentals
Playing a Melody While Singing
Can the interference of a power drill damage a guitar's pickups?
Vocal fach and passaggio
Proper warm-up before playing piano for little finger and ring finger?
Learning pick and finger-picking at the same time?
How can I get a violin sound from my electric guitar?
How to insert lyrics in TuxGuitar?
How to play barre chords high up on the neck
Acoustic guitar with pickup vs. semi-acoustic guitar
Recording practice jams with a cell phone: reduce input clipping
New set of strings on (bass) guitar with no adjustable intonation
Is Emajor the dominant chord in the key of A minor?
Comparing MIDI recordings with real/electric piano notes via microphone
How to identify the duration of notes that I hear (In my head or on records)
Is today's (popular) music recorded or synthesized?
Why is greensleeves considered to be in sextuple meter?
Is "You shouldn't play all 6 strings together on an electric guitar" good teaching?
Note Flag instead of Beam
Is it ok to release a demo EP with average quality on Spotify?
Knowing when your throat is open
Getting back into music after a long hiatus
Bartok - Mikrokosmos - Book 1 - 10 "With alternate hands": Thumb on a black key?
Does 3/4 time signature differ from 6/8?
Unwanted distortion from a guitar transducer
i-bVII-bVI-V Progression
Are there guitar/pickup/effect setups for "ganged" distortion?
Where should my thumb be gripping when playing A shape barre-chords?
Why do I need to learn counterpoint if I know harmony?
Practice advice: Struggling with alternating left hand and off beat right hand melody
Do musicians count the meter all the time?
Preventing headphone cord from tangling while drumming
What are some resources/techniques that will help me understand how to create synth sounds?
Variation of Chopin's Mazurka Op. 68 no. 4 in F minor
1/4 to 1/8 jack problem
soloing over I-IV-V blues progression (E-A-B)
Legato right hand technique
Audio mixers versus computer software
How to breathe properly?
Can I use a sound reinforcement (PA) amp with guitar cabinets?
Why does the chord progression Dmaj -> Emaj -> Bmaj sound good?
Buzz in the G string
Fretless bass buzz
Remembering the Chords
Working out strums per second given beats per minute - using guitar tabs
Composing a piece using the idea of Dual Modality
What forms can a classical composition be?
What are the parts of a modern song?
problem with guitar intro on ELPs "From the Beginning"
Is there a standard notation for piano fingering?
How does fusion guitar playing work?
start with lyrics or harmony?
Will learning trumpet damage my single reed embouchure?
Novation launchPad S + Yamaha P105 - How do they connect
Strap button repair
Remote Performance Workflow
How to order VST plugins correctly
Do different synthesizers produce the exact same sawtooth (and square, etc) waveform?
Clicking noise in digital piano should i return it?
How to teach the staff to a teenager?
Do I need an effects loop in a bass amp?
Basic effects for bass
How to decide between clavinova models from different years?
Right hand position for mandolin
Headset balancing sound
How does one set up a guitar amplifier to produce a rock sound/feel?
Simple explanation of counterpoint?
Composing melody for recorder
Electric guitar vs classical guitar
Electric guitar grounding
Rhythms notes for didgeridoo
Will different gauges resolve my sound/distortion problem?
Automatic "regular" chords (not arpeggios) in FL Studio
How do you identify a good amplifier?
Guitar beginner
Are counterpoint and harmony mutually exclusive?
Can a diatonic scale have sharps and flats?
Why are the natural notes on the staff special?
What does "Open Vamp" mean?
What causes us to hear harmonics?
Can Guitar pro 6 read files from a link?
What is the minimum amount of equipment a drummer needs to play gigs?
Tuning electric guitar: should I connect it to amplifier when tuning?
What is a session musician?
How to differentiate between head voice and falsetto?
What does the "+" symbol mean in a keyboard piece when attached to a note?
What are the different rhythm styles? Is that the right word?
How to expand falsetto range?
What is this electrical thing in my piano?
Limits of Fortissimo and Pianissimo
Feeling of keyboard keys: spring (or elastic) against balanced keys keyboard
Room-wide humidity buffering
Does each note have a more specific name depending on its pitch?
What does it mean to be able to write a fugue?
Balance between pressure and fullness in singing
How to make your chord progression sound smoother?
Is it OK to play guitar with capo on 5th fret, since I have arthritis in thumb & finger joints?
What pedals to get this effect?
When to use inversions in harmonizing a bass line
Chords in Moonlight Sonata 1st movement
Chord progression notation
Is falsetto a serious type of singing style for a man?
I am a beginner piano player, have no idea how to emphasize a downbeat
Can I use a tablet for looping?
Which guitar amp input to use with a preamp/effects processor?
Guitar Banjo used as G-banjo
How low can a normal 6 string guitar be tuned?
Difference between the string section and wind section
Which roman numeral should I use for F# diminished chord in the key F Major?
How to remove vocals from a song?
How to sing "like a girl" for men?
Using an 8 Ohm amplifier output with a 16 Ohm cabinet
What tonal differences are there between 1 x 12 and 2 x 12 cabinets?
Alternate picking while palm muting
Which app they used here?
Why is bass note so important in harmonic analysis of music?
What is the proper way to notate the end of a section played "sul ponticello"?
Vintage vs Modern Saxophone Mouthpieces
Lead sheets vs score at vocal auditions: Changing standards?
Can I use a separate pre-amp in my combo amp's effects loop?
How to remove reverb from a recording of a voice?
Why does playing the piano give me a pain in the neck?
Sheet Notation for Am piano
What does a circle before/between notes mean?
How is a chord progression with G#, D#m, F and G possible?
Portable power supply for keyboards
What is urgency when referring to music
How to determine the key and write melodies for a chromatic chord progression?
The difference between self-taught and professional pianists
Do musicians that began playing from an early age have an incontestable advantage?
What is this type of vocals called?
How to read lyrics and music without getting lost?
Using my keyboard overseas
What's the use of transparent plastic double bass strings?
Can't seem to find a good tutorial on theory for guitar players
What's the difference between "feat", "artist1 X artist 2", "artist1 Vs. artist2" and "artist1 & artist 2"?
Learning piano via MIDI keyboard... questions
How to convert notes to finger position on a guitar?
How to Write A Fugue
Methods in Singing Synthesis
Mixed Voice - The illusive resonance. Any real ways to actually find this (again..)?
Vocal Resonance and the Acoustic Chamber
Simple, step-by-step excercises for those who wants to learn to play sheet music?
Help with interpreting notation in Chopin's nocturne op. 9 no. 2
Meaning of "actual notes" above staff
Explanation of Phrasing, Accidentals, articulation, modulation for a piano player
Chord progression if the chords are not part of the scale?
Are minor scales meant to be in sharp or flat keys?
New Jackson Rhoads RRXMG control knob confusion
How can this simple bass line be categorized in chords or scales?
What playing techniques are sensitive to "jamming fingers"
What does it mean that a Stratocaster is vintage?
What are the characteristics of a signal from a typical electric guitar?
How can you tell if the singer is in pitch?
D string buzzes when I play a chord, but not when I play the string alone
What to call finger positions on fretless bass?
Intonation problems with a low b string
How can I learn more chords
Can anyone recommend a good resource of baroque cello etudes or exercises?
How to use delay with distortion/overdrive and/or a crunchy amp?
How does your brain learn to play the piano two-handed?
Cheaper Rehearsals - Regular Practicing
Roman numeral notation for a suspended chord?
Can bass chord notes be different octaves after playing the root?
How does a DI box work together with guitar?
Putting a steel string on a classical guitar? (classical guitar with truss rods)
Weird open string sound
Improving bass transcription skill
Is there a pickup for Melodica?
Is "harpvox" an existing musical instrument?
How can I get decent audio from a clip on 3.5mm microphone?
Tuning a guitar in D# with digital tuner in iso440
Is there software to copy existing music sheet?
Left hand thumb position for ukulele
Are adult male sopranos / trebles counter tenors?
Removing stuck screws from woodwind instruments
Strength of clarinet plastic reeds compared to wooden
Do I have a grounding issue?
Why is the reverb effect so much more pronounced on headphones?
What do dotted stave lines mean?
Chords Built On Different Scales
What is this vocal style called, and how can I learn it?
Skills for writing your own songs
Timing issues with audio interface
Comparison between different exam boards
How much is too much damage?
Fretless rosewood fingerboard care
Bass and treble clef brass parts
How can I vary shuffle rhythm in recording with Reason?
How to buy the "right" power attenuator for a tube amplifier?
What is this voice used by female singers in Bulgarian folk music?
How can I ensure each instrument and vocals are audible during band rehearsal?
How to Write A Ragtime Piano Piece?
Traditional Grip Finger Technique
How can I keep learning new songs and not forget the previous ones?
Learning a guitar tab: separating bass line from melody
Does our hearing generate neural signals for harmonics?
Chord symbols for inversions of 7th chords
How reliable are keyboards and electric pianos?
What is the "unresolvable chord"?
What is this bass belt strap?
Why do baroque operas tend to have postmodernist stage designs?
Switching from piano to harpsichord
Does the line between the time signature have a name?
When we talk about an 88/76/etc Key piano, does that include all keys or just white notes?
What are "full size" piano keys?
Why does looking at the keys make me unable to play a piece?
Why should I alternate fingers in this piece?
Requesting useful suggestions on ear training, for developing perfect RELATIVE pitch
How can I figure out the key of the song I'm writing on the guitar?
Keyboard and Voice: What is the keyboard playing?
Expand Bass Guitar Playing Beyond Root Notes
How to create fast runs (i.e. speedy notes)?
2 x Mono vs 1 x Stereo Quality
Setting up a "hot mic" for a softer vocal sound
What's the earliest known piece of polyphonic music?
Electric Guitar: when playing seated, is it a bad habit that the neck is not locked at a fixed position?
What is the best way to learn to sing harmony?
AMEB Grade 4 Theory question - harmonising cadence points in a melody?
What is B II, followed by a dashed line, and what does it mean?
Self learning path for Guitar
16/16 vs 8/8 (accents)
How do I play notes in a scale/key freely up and down the neck without getting caught in boxes and shapes?
How the body vibration on a semi-hollowbody guitar affect the sound through the pickups?
Detecting absolute pitch by ear
The Elements of the Oratorio
Is it orthodox to use the pedal when playing Bach on the piano?
Ranges in the Real Vocal Book
How to make a bass growl?
How important are chord inversions as an intermediate guitar player and what are their applications?
Electric Guitar: is a good practice or bad habit that I tap the strings with my picking hand when there is a rest
Releasing MIDI key causes a sound - using Ableton Live - how to avoid that?
Chord Roles/Reputations
Mathematics of Ritardando
What do I need to start playing violin amplified?
Can amplifying input port break sound card?
Can't differentiate between time signatures
When is a piece in A minor versus C major?
How do I transition smoothly going up or down while singing without strain or breaking? Is mixed-voice the key? How do I work on it?
Will having an opposite gender vocal trainer affect or slow down one's learning?
Vocal free-time song: legato question, and slur ("portamento" vs "glissando") specific case
What is the difference between portamento and glissando?
Lifting off vs keeping fingers on the fretboard after striking a note
How do I write music down from a recording?
How many types of modulation are there?
Moving to guitar from piano
Using flatted third in 12 bar blues
How to learn the piano, if I can already play the piano accordion?
V chord becoming 7th? minor key
Can I map half my midi controller keyboard to one octave and the other half to a different octave?
How do I determine the chord progression Roman numerals?
Beamed note with unfilled heads — What is this?
Is there any difference between these two note values?
Bracketed phrases in numbered notation
Open D5 tuning for guitars
Nylon strings for alternative tunings on hollowbody electric
Would it be worth buying better pickups for a cheap bass guitar?
What are good ways to pick MIDI instruments that go together?
Is my digital piano suitable for learning to play?
Adjust left / right angle of guitar neck?
Question about reading music sheets
How to play different beats on different hands? Drumset
Beethoven sonata no 8
How I am I supposed to "Properly" follow through to the next string while playing the electric bass guitar?
Why is a reliced guitar often more expensive than a corresponding normal model?
Will a portable electronic keyboard sound better if connected to MIDI software?
Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto 2 without piano
How to know if my guitar's neck is bent or not?
What keys contain both E and Am and is there an easy trick to determine this?
What's a buffer pedal and how to use it?
Beginner books for music appreciation for music-theory illiterate adult
Did they ever make a double bass this huge?
Non-diatonic chord?
Time signature change.
Atypical tetrads
Are certain instruments "arpeggio friendly"?
How does a tab guitar player learn sheet music?
Pedals, pedalboards and velcro
What's this thing attached to trumpet?
Are canons easier to write than fugues?
Once I know the chords, how do I recognize the chord progression?
Bass trombone maintenance
Change staff height in Musescore
Question about analyzing a Dm C A# chord progression
What's the concert pitch for Saint Petersburg Philharmonic?
Guitar tuning problems
Could someone help me understand a little about sound/tone? Beginner/intermediate guidance perhaps
Multichannel recordings with computer
Finale software: How can I add a measure within a numbered repeat ending?
Books on orchestration specializing in dynamics?
What is the definition of 'playing in the pocket'?
iii9 - I progression in Bach?
Opposite of rinforzando?
DS or DC al coda how to tell go to 3 and 4 verses
Simplifying a complex melody in Finale
Are Music Grades somewhat standardised around the World?
What is the terminology for how we identify numbered notes like C4, E3, D6, etc?
What does "in position" mean when referring to scored music?
I don't like my voice
Any quick way to know if my tune is already used?
Can you introduce fugue themes in the middle of a measure? If so, how?
Protecting signed acoustic guitar?
Singing seated on the floor: Best position?
Is guitar action affected by tuning?
How to play bass part in Yann Tiersen's "Comptine d'ete no. 2"?
Does Singing Lower Notes Require More Breath?
Which exam board should we use? (UK)
More dissonant chords/intervals in the bass clef when frequency proportions are the same?
Get segno to appear above chord-names in lilypond
soprano getting worse and worse
How can I retain a tempo so as to keep in time when playing with a group?
How to write music theory symbols in evernote?
Is there such a thing as an Add#9 chord?
'Cello mute: how to store on strings w/o altering sound?
Composition - How to connect musical periods
Why is my bass making a buzzing noise?
How to improvise over a C#, B, A chord progression?
How do you properly define diminished 9th, 11th and 13th chords?
Is there a particular word, name, classification or designation that differentiates "Slavic Sung" Vibrato?
Are there rules that determine whether a chord belongs to a particular key?
How does the flute range extend with experience?
Can blues be upbeat and cheerful?
Is there a way to let me switch delay before/after distortion without needing additional pedals?
Trying to understand a nice harmonic end
Which tone names should I learn on a transposing instrument like a saxophone?
What does the arc under fingerings mean?
How can the ukulele D7 chord have different fingerings with different sounds?
Ensuring one's sweep picking is uniform in dynamics?
How do you play a glissando with two notes?
Different note head uses in MuseScore?
Can the fan fretted design on guitars acheive pythagorean intonation?
Quality Loss when recording with amp simulators
Why “delta” chords?
Is there a name for a minor scale with a raised 3rd or a major scale with a lowered 6th and 7th?
Systematic ways to study the piano?
What are the specific progressive steps to take in basic ear training?
Logic Pro X Movie Sound
Alesis DM10 (2011) with Logic Pro x
Are there reliable free/cheap software tools which will transcribe a sung melody/lyric?
key changing in a song?
Low B keeps going out of tune
Where can I go to learn how to fix my guitar?
How should I understand time signature?
Can you really teach how to play notes on the flute?
Why does my tone knob seem to act as an on/off switch and what should I do about it?
How to transition between chord progressions of two songs in different keys?
Chronic hand pain and stiffness and guitar playing
Which enharmonic to use when writing down a sequence of chords
What are these small numbers, and squiggly lines on this guitar sheet music
What's the meaning of the phrase "an eighth note at quarter"
What approach should I take to learn Jazz/blues guitar?
"Folk size" guitar: equivalent to 000 body type?
What are the characteristics of a Sarabande?
How do you do accidentals (eg. E♭) in solfège (Do Re Mi)?
How do I teach a five-year-old violin?
Meaning of marking "armonici"
What are some ways to improve my embouchure stamina besides regular practice?
What is the process to get from learning an instrument to playing a song you actually want to play
Extended melodic structures
Villa-Lobos Etude No. 2 - Arpeggio part - how to play the consecutive bass strings
Modulation in the violin solo Bach's Laudamus Te
Is stomping on the soft pedal of an upright piano bad for the piano?
What is the meaning of "4/2 ₵ II?"
Is playing blindfold a good practice method?
why major chords only have 1-3-5 notes why not other notes?
Which type of microphone is optimal to use for the singing piano player?
Neck is bowed and truss rod cannot be tightened further
Examples of musicians expressing in words how they comprehend music
Entrance of the Queen of Sheba- in need of clarication on sheet music
Replacing steel strings with nylon strings
C major being dramatic like C minor
Numbers under a note
How is electric guitar played without cables?
Where can replacement parts be acquired for adams vibraphones?
Word for part of a beat
Queuing up and outputting MIDI files
How to improve piano accompaniment for singing
How to get started recording music with Reaper?
Why do composers use seemingly/unecessarily complex time signatures?
Is there more than one right way to tongue?
Clean Amp + Distortion pedal vs Distortion from amp?
What is it called to take a scale but start on a different degree?
Logic Pro X - Recording From Multiple Controllers
How to tell if an old piano can be restored?
Learning Appropriate Finger Picking Styles with Alternating Tunings
Which is more economical for a casual/learning player - real piano or electronic?
Strap button screw length for acoustic guitar
How much higher will I realistically be able to sing with daily practice and dedication?
Do the 'natural' chords to use in a key change if you use a different mode?
What is actually involved in moving a piano?
Practical limitations of the 4 mallet technique for idiophones from a compositional point of view
How do archaic instruments affect contemporary music?
For fingerstyle guitar, is anchoring your pinky on the guitar bad?
Historical origins of 8-count bars in dance vs 4-count bars in music
What physical effects cause ageing/worn guitar strings to change their tone?
One of the tuning pegs is at the end of its range on my Floyd-Rose guitar, what can I do?
When looking at tablature for guitar how do you figure out what chords to use?
Is there a resource/site that I can use to practice harmonization?
POD X3 Live with M-Audio Oxygen V4
Acoustic guitar strings change by time and should i change them?
Put a cup of water inside a piano?
Connecting Maschine to Synth
What staff affected by a dynamic mark?
Why are notes on the harmonica laid out the way they are?
Sampler Track Resets In Logic Pro X
Piano sustains when the pedal is not pressed
Soft pedal modified to act as practice pedal
Processing Vocals/Layers of Vocals
Statistical Average range for a Male singer
What might make for "ambient" or "atmospheric" classical music?
How close to a radiator is too close?
Augmented 5th on B double sharp?
DIY pedal board without a hinged lid
Why do guitar teachers and lesson books teach playing a G Major chord without using your pinky?
How can different compositions use C Major?
What is the standard location of piano pedals?
What is it called when singers very rapidly change pitch while singing the same syllable of text?
Two sounds speak in a same time, how can I set it back?
Does good intonation alone really make you "louder"? If yes, why?
Open strings and semitones on a classical guitar
Tuning the violin E string
What does "rhythmically" mean on sheet music?
Transposing on a guitar
6th string root dominant 7th barre chord voicing
Is there some way to quantify melodic transitions?
What is a perfect fifth?
What does a goniometer (sound) show?
How to prepare for an audition when chops are tired?
Does a person have a biological lower and upper limit with the tone one can achieve with his/her voice?
How to bind two different samples one on my pad and the other onto keyboard keys
Are the accidentals counted as a single note or double notes?
How to cope with a fickle flute?
What's the name of the "dual voice" effect in hip hop music?
Why is the tonic chord of a key formed with the 1,3 and 5 notes of the key but the major chords in that key are the I IV and V?
I am looking for sampling software for the keyring 49?
Use of Music Theory in Composition
How difficult is to get basic melody out of Theremin?
What's the term for speaking fast in a verse
Acoustic guitar as solo guitar in a band
How to harmonize a melody for 4 voices
Is it important to add a noise gate/suppressor to a pedalboard chain?
M-Audio Oxygen v4 49 Disconnection Problem
How to achieve jazzier improvisation?
Alternate tunings on a 12 string guitar
Website that displays chords on a keyboard
Do pianos really need to rest before tuning, after being moved?
Short scale guitar tuning to A
How to play a piece "cantabile"?
Is it possible to play 2 wind instruments well?
What kind of string should I use for my Folk Guitar?
Why did composers of the Baroque sometimes write two of the same dance in a suite?
Numbers above notes
The melody+chords pattern in perspective
Difference between minor and major pentatonic scale boxes?
Can someone explain to me how to get my guitar pickup to work on speakers?
Why does B work as a bass note against F7 in Bb?
Can I widen the grooves on my guitar's nut myself?
I'm tonedeaf. If I sing to my baby, will I damage his/her musical ear?
How common is the complete circle of fifths progression?
#iv dim leading to I (tonic)
Is keytar playable with both hands?
Trill in Chopin Nocturne
Writing SATB arrangements so that the bass voice is still audible
Happy, oriental minor songs
Does 'just' or 'well' temperament center around the key of a given piece, or is it key-agnostic?
To which notes do dynamics notation apply? (eg. pp)
Audio interference in recording
Guitar Notation E-Gt
How should I write a 2nd interval between two voices?
Is it possible to do tempo changes while practicing with metronome?
iOS app that recognises intervals
Skype lesson - voice and instrument into Skype
Why is the back of a double bass's body cut in the middle?
What did ancient cuneiform notation look like, and how did it work?
How does one describe the level of playing that is neither piano nor forte?
Cheap acoustic guitars versus more expensive models: Which materials and/or construction elements have the biggest impact on sound quality?
Can you use a Marshall single channel footswitch with a MG102FX 4-channel amp?
Which one to teach first: solfege or absolute notation?
Modulating between minor keys
Do notes from non-natural minor scales fit well in the associated major key?
Piano getting out of tune and noisy after 6 weeks
I don't like my "head voice", is there anything I can do?
Proper organ glissando technique?
Major and minor scales
MIDI controller and software integration
What is this musical symbol (inverted "Z" inside a staff)
John Bonham's bass drum technique
Rules of how the bass should (and should not) move in chord progressions
What does the '°' notation signify?
How important is string-muting when playing the bass?
Why is the complete circle of fifth progression more common in minor than major?
Do we find music arranged according to Western Music Theory pleasing because of "biological instinct" or because of what we learn?
How is this B flat guitar chord physically possible?
How to find an analysis of a classical piece in the internet
How can one restore an old guitar? (a 1950s, Soviet made acoustic)
I'm a bass and I need to know what a Russian bass vocal range is
What's the difference in sound, between an acoustic guitar with a soundhole magnetic pickup and an electric guitar?
Tips on identifying intervals by ear?
Do bass notes basically just accent and/or add notes to the above harmony?
Any way to improve musical memory?
Can it be wrong to use a series resistor in a 2x12 cabinet to have matching impedances?
Acoustic and classical guitars, which is which?
Is it mandatory as an electric guitarist to get obsessed with kit?
Should a new guitarist practice on 1 instrument or vary it?
My electric guitar gets noisy when I bend over
How exactly the exact symbols (C C# D D# E F F# G G# A A# B) of 12 tone equal temperament with octave (2x) and perfect fifth (3/2) found?
What is the '+' symbol mean in a chord?
Should ossia stave barlines connect to main stave?
How do multiple analog synthesizer voices work together?
How to avoid audio clicks when automating the bypass paremeter in the tremolo plug-in in Logic?
Do different minor chords (vi, ii, etc) convey different nuances?
Ending a song with a dominant chord
Guitar less resonant than when new; humidity problem?
How loud is an alto recorder?
How to play a lot of keyboard parts of a song at the same time live?
Fret buzz when guitar is in certain positions
Locked Hands Passing Chords
I love with Ableton Live as a composition tool (session views). But I can only use Logic Pro X for studio mixes. What can I do?
What are some effective ways to use a key change during a song?
What are the different ways in which musical instruments are grouped together?
Guitar rig: the switch from beginner to intermediate
How can I get through some difficult runs in a piece otherwise at my level?
I want to record but am nervous about it, why, how to get ready?
Is a Cm7 chord considered minor or dominant?
Piano question (walk-ups and downs)
What is the cheapest hardware synthesizer, or where are schematics for DIY?
What to look for in a bass amp for extended range bass guitars?
Analog Delay, guitar pedals, time measurement
Is there a word for a type of song about a 'thing'?
Chromatic accordion: how can the left hand slide down while pushing?
What ukulele chords would go well in a song with a C-F-G7-C progression?
What is the importance of vocal vibrato?
Every time I press 'record' I forget how to play and sing!
Notations mentioned in answers re. trombone
How do you play two consecutive up bows?
Is it better to memorise each scale, or just memorise the patterns?
How does one sing with vibrato?
Why did composers write atonally?
Minor 11 chord - request for note by note example, and theoretic explanation
Composing in Phrygian mode
How to easily build chords on fl studio
Is this a Csus4 chord?
Beating 'Blank Page Syndrome' and Projecting Intent
Can a breath controller be used with a keyboard?
What is the right way to look after a concert flute after playing it?
Octave shift context
How do C1, C2, C3 relate to C and CSus4 on guitar?
Are there any nice ways to play B diminished chord (B triad from C Major scale) on standard tuned guitar?
What does this note - B# - mean?
Notation for flute trills in music score
How to learn rap music?
How to use padKontrol with Ableton Live?
What would happen if I played two or more notes on a monophonic modular analog synthesizer?
Meaning of diamond-shape notes on guitar staff
Why does the IV - V♯ - I chord progression work so well?
In a classic 12-bar-blues pattern, what are the changes for a "chunka-chunka" rhythm?
How can a shy singer get feedback?
How can I slice and modulate samples in Logic like Ableton's Slice To Midi feature?
What is a typical volume range for a singer?
bass technique for 4th and 7th jumps
How do I find chords to go with my melody in music I write
If I am playing lead in G scale, does it mean that I must start with a G note and end with a G note?
What's the Italian musical term for "in minuet steps"?
Will learning guitar tabs help me improve at learning other tabs/playing melodies?
Problem determining vocal range
How to use a 61-keys digital piano?
How to set up multiple tracks recording in Magix music maker
Should I rest the bass drum beater on the skin or in air when playing a drum kit?
How does one analyze tricky time shifts?
Best method to learn all chords on piano
Connecting guitar to Amplitube
Microphone sound not detected on Casio CDP-230R
Can I use a pedal for Casio CTK-1200 keyboard?
How to press several piano keys with one hand simultaneously?
Upgrading from 0.009 to 0.010 string gauge. Do I have to do a guitar setup?
Taking up piano exams
How much difference does the guitar make when recording with a modeler?
I have some lyrics with a melody and a chord progression. How do I go about adding music to it?
What is the purpose of two staff lines?
How did the notes of the Western musical scale get their letter names?
How to differentiate between 12/8 vs 6/8 timing (or hemiola)
How to not to break string of guitar while tuning?
Harmonic stop on cello without fingers
Does it make sense to do exam grades as an adult learner?
Microphone positioning to record acoustic guitar & singing with a single mic?
Chest voice & Head voice? Or Chest voice, Throat voice AND Head Voice?
How to approach the study of a piece for guitar (Leo Brouwer, Estudios Sencillos no. 6)
When practicing on my instrument - which is more important - quantity or quality?
What is the difference between splicing and superimposition?
Must one be born with a sense of rhythm to learn to play a drum set with both feet and both hands?
proper uses of minor seventh chords
Fingernails and vibrato
What can I do if I want to work the kick pedal on Bass Drum with my heel?
How to mic an upright piano to record singing and playing?
Music notation software for JianPu and erhu notation
Why is the lowest note on the piano an A?
What exactly does practising scales teach?
Which Piano Course is Best for Me (trained musician but beginner at piano)?
Are these parallel octaves?
How does Gdim7 fit in C# minor?
Can I switch from the keyboard to the piano?
How do you find the best teacher?
Essential things to memorize in music theory
What is the optimal proportion between the teacher time (lesson) and self dependent work?
Why is the diminished scale 'artificial'?
Garageband 10 pitch correction
How do I play Do Re Mi Fa etc using just one string?
Scraping my index finger on frets
Really silent guitar practice
Do non-tonic ear training exercises hurt music students?
Palatino student clarinet compared to a Allora Vienna intermediate one?
Why are four-chord songs (I-V-vi-IV) so prevalent?
modulating by a tritone
transposing instruments: How to learn to play standard sheet-music?
Is there any easy technique or guide to remember chord conversion?
Logic Pro X and Ivory II American Concert D No Sound
Do accidentals apply to other staffs of the same type?
Why do I wear out the frets on my guitar faster than most other folks? Do I need a lighter touch?
Why do many songs in major keys use a bVII chord?
Sheet music equivalent of ellipses/etcetera
How to remotely listen to acoustic piano accompanist, so they can record a track with no voice, but at my tempo?
DAW Synthesizer that allows you to start with a sample instead of a recorded wavetable sample
How to minimize the pain for a beginning guitar student so they won’t give up before they develop callouses?
How can I keep my amp from buzzing?
What is the usage of "Zooming Out" in showing an amplitude envelope
How to correctly classify different guitar tunings?
What is the best way to develop a theoretical approach to practical harmony for guitar?
How do I become better at "playing outside"?
Microphone pick up patterns for live performance - advantages/disadvantages of cardioid, supercardioid or hypercardioid?
Minor major seventh flat five chords: do they exist, and if so, how should they be used?
Using a Capo to transpose from Eb to G
What is the most effective way to clean the rosin off the strings?
How do I write notation for multiple voicings?
Lilypond staffs extend past end of music
Is there a correct way to sing without belting or projecting?
How do I learn to play the flute with vibrato?
How to play these overly extended intervals on piano?
Progression path from an apprentice to a guru in music theory?
Triggering a sequence on Mainstage and on a Analog Rytm with a Beatstep controller
What are the different ways to hold drumsticks and what are the pros and cons of each?
Music Notation - Little notes
What are some good suggestions for a bass player's plucking fingers?
Is there a term for learned "perfect" pitch?
MIDI controller keyboard or home keyboard/digital organ for starting playing piano?
Why picking direction indicators in music?
Is it OK to keep guitars in a glass or plywood rack?
Loosen strings for long-term storage of violin?
7 sharps on a piano music sheet
What is the Hanson system used for?
Why do Flugelhorns and Cornets have such dissimilar sounds?
How does speaker design affect audible sound?
Piano Accidentals and Key Signatures
How to practice piano more efficiently and effectively?
Sharps at the start of a score
Is there a term for a chord progression that chromatically ascends or descends an octave?
How to soften half-diminished IV in a minor key
Traveling or moving neck bow
What does this notation (bar joining notes) mean?
How can I improve my sense of time?
Tablature vs. standard music notation? (guitar)
What do multiple notes on top of each other in a staff mean?
Why do quartal progressions typically not utilize common tones?
I am a singer who has problems with tempo
What are the levels of scale mastery (or, how do I know if I've mastered a scale)?
Learning to play guitar songs using on-line tabs - how to get strum patterns?
Why do modern popular songs composed on piano sound different than songs composed on guitar?
Why do some arrangements of notes make a good melody and some don't?
Compare these two sheets of music(piano)?
How do I make drums sound satisfying in a room without soundproofing?
Changing from bass to saxophone
Is there a word can I use to express the fact that a piece of music has no notes in?
What harmonic spectrum is produced by oscillator sync?
How can i improve my intonation on violin?
What's the name of the phenomenon in which upon hearing same sound repeatedly, one begins to hear a rhythm?
What are the practical advantages of keyboards with non-weighted keys vs. weighted hammer action?
How to be fluent in music writing
Jazz guitar vocabulary
Is there a name for a chord which combines the major and minor thirds of the root?
How is he hiding his pick?
Why do we call the Hendrix chord 7#9 instead of 7b10?
How to improve the process of transcribing my music into notation?
How to efficiently play two consecutive notes on the same fret?
Is it normal to have a guitar's single coil neck pickup louder than the bridge humbucker?
What key could the progression Cm - G - Dm - Am be in?
How to tune a guitar/bass without a tuner?
How is scale knowledge typically tested in music schools/colleges?
Playing with a pick with less pick-sound
How do I get out of my song writing rut and compose something new and fresh for a change?
Associating chords with scales
What is transcribing music supposed to teach?
Is making things over-complicated a common mistake for new songwriters?
What are the best methods to study violin positions?
Name of guy who teachs famous training technique for beginner drummers
How can you find the key of a song by ear?
What do I need to record my electric guitar with my computer while using headphones?
What are the benefits of practicing standing up (guitar)?
Whining noise from one piano key
If you add an E to a Bm chord, what do you have?
What does a major-7 chord resolve/lead to?
How can I make videos of myself playing my keyboard?
When should I use a direct input box vs. plugging in directly?
Is there a name for "slapping" a hammond organ?
Playing chords in electric guitar with extra-jumbo frets
Will I be able to overcome from having spring like movement of my pinky finger while playing guitar?
Does anyone have any tips on how to do pseudo modulation?
Understanding music with multiple key changes within chord progressions
When does audio latency matter and not matter?
Mozart K545, what is the correct fingering for the left-hand runs starting measure 50?
VSTHost: How to configure "wave devices" without latency/delay problems?
Bass guitar fret buzz: should I care?
Electronic music beats: Sample or Synthesis?
I'm trying to understand the key of a song that uses chords out of the scale
Could a microphone preamp with transformer sound differently from the transformer-less preamp?
Singing: holding on to the morning low notes
lilypond engraving lyrics to small part with voices
Figuring the Classical Fingering from Sheet Music
What happened to the orchestral scores of Johann Strauss?
Is 7 string guitar a must have for lower tunings?
Different modes of pentatonic scale
Do you need long fingers to play alto saxophone?
Country music elements
Saxophone for beginner -- which one (small hands)?
Clefs for saxophone playing
Electric guitar effects and amplification
Multieffects Pedal to USB Recording Device
How to play an accompaniment with a midi keyboard on Linux?
Were the Goldbergs meant to be played in one go?
Methodology to Master Guitar as an adult
Confusion about major and minor second intervals
Do vintage guitars really sound better with age? Or is this perception affected by selection bias?
Why would expectations of students vary largely between instruments?
Is this a dissonance? What causes it?
Augmented chords and chord substitution?
TS vs TRS cables to connect mixer to audio interface
Are electric guitar types associated with certain music genre?
How loudly should one sing while warming up?
Diminished progression
Syncing audio recording with video recording
How does a pipe organist deal with latency or delay?
Where to go for basic help with college prep for a career in Music Therapy?
Why do harmonics played on guitar sound lower as you move to higher frets while fretted notes sound higher?
How to tell if an electric guitar has good quality
Preparing for my first jazz gig
Blues Scale Notes - major 6th?
Ways to use quartal chords
Does the type of wood on a solid body electric guitar affect its tone or sound?
Chorus pedal, before or after the distortion?
Learning Violin Online
What is it called when a music has two concurrent tempos
What are the characteristic intervals or scales of 13-limit harmony and beyond?
Is it acceptable to change tempo in the middle of a song or is this a bad idea?
What does this indication mean?
How can you get a Country and Western sound with just a guitar and vocal?
Speed picking on electric guitar
Is there a name for a piece of music that wanders about in tempo?
Is it learned or innate our reaction of happiness or sadness in music?
Why are we told to hold keys down while tuning?
Is this progression considered to be in A mixolydian?
Replacing individual Midi drum instruments with MacBook & Alesis DM Lite
What notes to sing with chords
Create a track that loops and can end quickly
Im6 chord in a minor II-V-I
David Brubeck's "Take Five" in 4/4 Time
So I *need* the music but I don't actually read it - how bad is it?
Me and the grand staff: how to achieve pacific coexistence
How much time are you supposed to spend on a piece approximately at your difficulty level?
Tools to improve sight-reading of rhythms
"best" chord name for a min♭6
BPM marking doesn't check out or am I just reading it wrong?
How to create an mp3 file that is shorter than 1 second?
What do dots on the tempo's equal sign mean?
Why would a teacher ban the metronome altogether?
Application of different fingering pattern exercises to improvisation on the guitar
Marimba Bars on a Vibraphone Frame
Just intonation with Fluidsynth
Performance practice of baroque triplets
How does one remember epic song lyrics?
Correct way of writing this bend in ASCII tab notation
Is there a name for this type ascending inversions of a repeated chord?
Simple chord progression question
12 to 6 strings on a 12 string guitar?
Alternate keyboard input methods for a digital touchscreen piano?
Can a chord be both major and minor?
What's the theory behind using a B major chord in Bb major?
Switch to Clarinet or Saxophone, which one is easier for an oboist?
The teaching of scales, chords and keys
Which keyboard works - beside Bach's - are part of the study curriculum *and* regularly performed in public?
Teaching yourself piano as a support instrument only?
How to get rocktron talk box to sound like peter frampton?
Hanon and Self-Taught Bad Technique
Accompanying notes to higher key
Does a phrase ending in V7/V - V end in an authentic cadence or a half cadence?
Feeling like a hair stuck in my throat - could it be a "singing injury"?
If A minor doesn't have any accidentals, is it still minor?
What does the indication 9 7 mean?
What does it mean when I see a chord named Em7/5+
Do I need piano lessons?
Is there guided recording of classical music?
Congregational involvement in Protestant and Catholic services during the time of Luther
Spectrum analyzer on electric guitar
Is there a common name for the major II chord found in minor key progressions?
How can I make a note repeat endlessly when I hold down a key in Garageband?
Virtual MIDI Keyboard - get the output
Bach: How is this mordent to be realized? Why do people play it like a trill?
I want to learn to play a specific song on the piano
Can acceptable trills be played on an old M1 with unweighted synth action?
How to record MIDI automatically?
How can I get the vocals to stand out better in the mix when recording?
What type of bass strings produces a very warm and mellow sound?
What are the trade offs between using a pick and fingerstyle for guitar?
Are the formulae for Minor scale and Major scales related?
1st Species Counterpoint Tritone Reached Melodically by Step
Music notation for guitar
Why can't I tune my Floyd Rose Tremelo?
grade 1 piano exam 2015/16
What is the name of the "clip" for guitars
Voiceleading and piano
Amp with 90 degree phase shift
Music arrangement for EDM
Scale length with incorrect bridge position
Is it possible to play all melody songs on 10 hole diatonic harmonica?
What was Randy Coven's gear
Is "pattern-based" playing specific to instruments or tradition?
The optimal order of songs to perform during the exam
How do I play this correctly in key or without?
Fifths of #9 chords
Can't cut sound recordings in Cubase 5
In Lilypond, how to abstract multiple tags into a variable or function?
On a guitar, what keys correspond to different capo positions?
What does a "3" over 32nd notes mean?
How are fingerings on ornamented notes to be interpreted?
How much dynamics, tempo fluctuation is acceptable in Baroque music on piano? How to achieve expressivity?
Is there more than one use for Roman Numerals in music notation?
How robustly can I treat my tremolo?
What type of microphone is suitable for cello together with a looper pedal?
4 part harmony chords
How does instrumentation change the personality of a piece?
What is this orchestration technique called?
Chord Melody vs Chord Solo: Are these terms interchangeable?
Is there a way, in Lilypond, to eliminate the instrument name from a staff from outside of the staff context?
How do I troubleshoot guitar speakers?
Should I fix my piano or buy a digital one?
Looking at the fretboard is ruining my stage presence
How do you write successive, non-functional chord progressions?
Is there any accompaniment software for a USB midi keyboard?
Harmonic and melodic minor chord function
Is it best to think of the notes or Scale degrees related to a tonic?
Record with Focusrite Scarlett 6i6 and non-asio applications
Is it normal for most people to play root or inverted chords?
Why are the Goldberg Variations considered a demanding work?
What is this 'tone' of voice called?
What should I practice before getting into the chords
What do you call the melodic pattern with 3 notes?
Bill Frisell's Blues Dream
Major Seventh chord with root note as melody : why the dissonance?
How to play a G-chord?
Tips for how to stay calm before a concert
Is it important to have three pedals on a digital piano?
Can I daisy chain two mixers together to create more input channels (a sub mixer)?
Exact pitch of blues scale notes
What does it mean to clap back the rhythm? (Grade 6 Piano Aural)
Picking up violin again
Are there any resources to self-learn the bass guitar for those who already know theory?
How to change tempo of grid in Cubase without affectig MIDI?
Separate MIDI Drumtrack to edit each part individually
How do you practice trills on piano?
How to interpret this ASCII tab?
Sharps vs Flats - Formula to determine correct sharp and flat notes in a scale
circles and other gestures not really keeping time
"Ut" and "La" notation on horn and cornet instruments in orchestral score?
How to judge a mix, on e.g. muddiness and balance?
Delay with your hands
Is it OK to replace a harp string with an adjacent string?
What is the purpose of this (?) rubber band?
How do I hit lower notes on my flute?
How would you finger this Cmaj9 chord?
Small clefs on score
How to (re)gain relaxation and muscular control? Any excercises, methods?
Are there more than 2 Clefs?
How do I tune my violin when I cannot yet do it by ear?
Reducing Neck Pickup Dissonance
What is a chord with a diminished third called?
At what point does one use fugue in the Gloria of the Mass Ordinary?
Modes, Scales, Getting The Tonality/Color Of Said Modes, Etc
Double bass position for very high octave
Colliding staccato marks and ties
Damper pedal for Requiem for a Dream
How to obtain a Clean yet Distorted guitar sound?
How can I produce any melody on my guitar as effortlessly as I do with my voice?
How should tuba valve springs of different size be reassembled?
Compound meter( 6/8) beat subdivisions?
Guitar bridge out of place?
How can I learn to read bass clef score more naturally?
What do the clavinova model numbers tell me?
Alesis SamplePad resets itself / possible ground loop?
What is the impact of overlooking learning scales?
Unstable lowest note on Yamaha YRS-302B
Combine Rests in Finale
Why are key signatures like E# and B# necessary?
In Bach's Prelude in A Minor, what chord is B D G# and what's its function?
Fender Strat - parity between neck and middle pickups
Book recommendations to understand theory and harmony of music. Classical, Jazz, R&B everything :)
How to practise, ear piano playing after years of sightreading only?
Are tonal (sharp, flat and natural) key signatures octave specific?
Improvising on the piano as a solo instrument: what octave range to cover?
Learning to keep time
Is there a proper way to train the ears?
Virtual Piano black keys offset
Did baroque composers expect you to "bring out" the voices in their pieces, the way today's critics seem to enjoy in players?
Arranging a piece for full Orchestra
Is it safe to use distortion or overdrive with an acoustic amp?
How should I tune my Norwegian-styled hardanger fiddle to play the tune called 'Fanitullen'['The Devil's Tune']?
Guitar amp distorts after being cranked
Which other chords are considered equivalent or function like a V7?
Why is Hendrix's tuning at Woodstock in between Eb and E?
I have Finale and I am having trouble
Do triads sound strongest in second inversion?
Does Chinese music avoid counting in 4s?
What does this notation mean for the piano?
So, what does this tenuto mark mean in Bernstein's piano music?
How to evaluate the quality of sound of a piano?
Choosing the right harmonica to fit with guitar part transposed using an alternative tuning
Why are conductors required at orchestra performances?
What interval do all the modes have in common?
Melody in Diminished Scale
Strongest notes in the major scale modes
Which source for Scarlatti K208? Can I mix and match versions?
Can one tell by ear whether a bowed instrument is being played up or down?
How do you write an instrumental part for a choir?
Enquiry to Male Passaggio and Vocal production in classical music
Are accompanying instruments typically playing notes from the current "main chord"?
Double Sharp Confusion
V6-I6 and V-vi6 chord successions
Is there a name for this phenomenon in the circle of fifths?
How does Guitar Pro work out fret numbers/strings?
Is it normal to struggle through "The Jazz Piano Book" by Mark Levine?
Do the violas often play the same parts as the violins in an orchestra?
How to make C lydian not sound like G ionian?
With respect to right hand guitar technique, what does it mean to not scoop?
Is this old Soviet era guitar worth keeping?
Definition of minor key
Small hand substitutions... any rules?
What techniques can be used to get a bigger, more resonant orchestral bass drum sound?
Are 2 or more octaves perfect consonant?
What does this b5 indication refer to?
Ηοw can I generate larger than the default images of chord diagrams using Lilypond?
How do I play this part in 'Peacherine rag'?
Learning how to sight sing without prior singing
Will leaving the G string off an acoustic guitar for a few days hurt the guitar?
High pitched ringing noise on single coil pickups
Debussy's 'sneaky Tristan' in his own performance of 'Golliwogg's Cakewalk'?
Difference between equal temperament and just intonation
How to have one voice in multiple staves with lilypond?
E string remains silent when playing fast legato from A string on violin
Building a Reference Room
“The Simpsons” main theme
Duration of a quarter note with a 3 written beside it (on a synth display)?
guitar buzz or humming (grounding problem)
Get time signatures to show up in a ChordNames context
Curved windway of a recorder - what is the use for it?
How can I increase my vocal endurance and sing longer without getting hoarse and losing my voice?
Compare the similarity of flow and rhythm of 2 songs
Can you put a detuner on any string of a 5 string bass
Forcing a slide between different chord shapes
Relation of the diminished chord to the circle of fifths?
1 ta te ta counting
What determines whether a chord progression makes sense?
lilypond: can I combine \autochange and \change Staff?
How to play chords from a tab where a capo is used
Barre chords, how to avoid or simplify?
How to learn to exchange hands' roles on keyboard
Is there a constant relation between a song notes and its chords progression?
Piano: Finger substitution vs spreading hand for different intervals
Higher registers and lower registers of piano more difficult to play
Is there a name for the technique where a singer uses the falsetto register on releasing a note?
How effective are vocal lifts and how do they work?
Preparing click tracks for songs with multiple tempos
What equipment can be used to measure sound equipment quality?
How to name quarter tone chords
How to know which chord shape to use for each root note in the scale?
Problems tuning an old Egmond acoustic with floating bridge
Why does a typical 88 key piano keyboard start on 'A' and end on 'C'?
Why is "A" not used for augmented in Chord symbols?
Chord symbols for diminished and half-diminished
Replacing words in the vocals of a recorded song
Αre these three dots over a note supposed to be staccato?
What do equalizer controls provide in decibels?
Is the quality of a USB microphone worse than using a conventional mic through a separate audio interface?
How can I understand the algorithm behind a Ezmix EQ/COMP preset?
Connecting audio interface to mixer
Do I need humbucking pickups?
How to interpret results of the failed exam
Ritardando, Rallentando, and Allargando
If I'm grade X, how close to X-standard pieces should I be able to sight read?
Why are time signatures needed?
In Lilypond: Can one absorb the sharps and flats in the key, in order to ease typing?
Changing the key signature of a song for practicing new key
Minimalist Electric Guitar Recommendation
What is this called in Taylor Swift's song "Style"?
How much can I expect my vocal range to improve with high quality vocal training
Is Sideshow Bob out of tune when performing Englishman?
When singing, is singing "rough" bad for your larynx?
When playing arpeggios, should notes be in order or can they be in random order?
When a drummer wears headphones, what is he listening to?
Why can a C major chord be played C-E-G-C-E instead of just C-E-G?
Scientific references to singing?
In LilyPond (piano staff) how can I type two eighth notes for different hands?
Ιs my tone knob holder broken?
What is a "7-9" chord? (G7-9, etc..)
newbie trying to decide between cubase pro and cubase artist edition
Why do I sing better after sport?
Is learning guitar good without knowing how to sing?
Taylor Big Baby vs Koa Limited Edition Taylor 324ce-k-FLTD
What should I think about when acquiring a triangle (percussion)?
Grace note in Bar 20 of Chopin's Op. 10 No. 3
Problem with my left hand's thumb in Viola
Does valve oil in the lead pipe of a trumpet prevent tarnishing?
Guitar technique
What are some good ways to practice rim shots?
Guitar : Difficulty in chords shifting
Slowing Down To Transcribe
Strength / speed exercises for rasgueado
Classical Guitar. How to study from fret 5 to 12
How does the Improvise for Real method compare to others?
Understanding Inversions
Why is Mozart's Turkish March considered a rondo?
Does "through-composed" mean a piece is disorganized?
Need help leaning to feel and play the upbeat centric soul/gospel/funk groove
how long it takes with 1hour/daily practice to be able to freeze people with your music?
How to sing in mixed voice without tensing/raising larynx?
Are there any plain nylon bass strings for classical guitar?
Triangle Tonnetz vs. Hexagon Tonnetz
Tritone as a passing note
How to get my drum tracks louder for guitar practice , PA ?
The Tritone - is it a #4 or a b5?
Why do so many symphonic works that are named "minor" end "major"?
Not sure what voice type I have
Pedaling in Satie's Gymnopedie #1
What does it mean to play a note for half a second?
Square bracket next to two notes
What's the shortest that a note can be and still have a recognisable pitch?
Recorder upper register
What is the relation between the preludes and the fugues in wtc of js bach?
Is there a more precise way to play F natural on a D pennywhistle?
Music Harmonic analysis: Chord identification
Improv on F blues
Comparing trumpet and saxophone
How do I make Chord shifting easy in guitar?
What exactly does a DJ do when producing a track?
Physical problems during singing
What is the origin and advantages of this system of chord naming/ notation? e.g. G7 is major minor seventh not Dominant 7th
Software to analyse music for playability
How to make a brass instrument quieter?
How do I stop breaking strings so fast?
Outdoor evening gigs and humidity/dew impact on gear
Amount of outside-classroom study required for theory/musicianship formal education
Learning to Patch Synthesizers - "Synth Theory"
Resistance change on the GST of a keyboard YPG235
Help with falsetto
Is there a way to lower your falsetto threshold?
Acoustic guitar's bridge had come off while tuning
How to learn sight singing?
Does the plectrum you play with make a difference in your guitar sound?
Great sounding solos without obvious harmony
If the time signature changes, does the key signature change as well?
Playing Barre Chords
Scale degree in minor key
Terminology: note and "note class"
The practical difference between 2/2 and 2/4 time
Why aren't there "fake books" for blues?
Fingerings for minor and major blues scales
How do I keep my finger from sounding another string when bending
In which language ABRSM exams are normally taken?
Clicking key only when action in piano
How to notate a time signature that alternates every few measures?
Teaching unmotivated students
Best way to practice being in key for new violin players
Using ASIO with VST Host and Windows Sounds at the same time
How to input quarter tones in Garageband
How to improve the sound of a bass when playing with Guitar rig (software)?
Good books for simple composition?
Getting a Clean Sound with a Vox VT20
How do you play this part?
Grand Staff using the Bass Clef and Treble Alto-Tenor Clef
Is it OK to learn to play without learning songs?
Best way for this lefty to play guitar?
What kind of baritone is this voice & is it learned or naturally acquired?
Beginner guitar : Ode to Joy - is it chords shown in sheet? E.g. C is shown, but not played in note
Starting out on drums with just a practice pad and sticks
Chord in the Bach d-minor prelude
Should I learn the notes of all the scales
Recording an electric guitar and electric bass
Finding corresponding hex bolts and keys for electric guitar bridge
Developing good muscle memory and avoiding bad
While building circuitry for a pedal (say) what should i consider Guitar signal to be?
Mixing with Maschine 2 software
Dissonances and harmony
How do you write a corresponding bassline for an already written melody?
Is Dudley Moore's Bedazzled in A Phrygian?
Should I pay to setup a cheap guitar or buy a new one
Repeatedly strumming one string: name and technique
how do I compute midi stop time
How does a piece of wood that blocks the trem system contribute or hamper tuning stability and tone?
Is it too late to learn music theory and composition?
Performance fright while playing in front of public, a teacher, an examiner, even a couple of colleagues
Can someone clarify the range of orchestral strings?
How to perform trombone solo? (improvisation)
Why won't my new guitar play in tune?
Why are pure tones depicted as sine waves?
Effects with audio interface
How deep should the fingers sit when pressing piano keys?
Performing/Recording Drums over backing track that already contains drums
When learning scales, is it important to know which key is being pressed when?
Should I try to not touch unused strings?
How can I improve my classical guitar vibrato technique
How can I learn rhythm?
Diatonic substitution and upper-structure triads for minor chords
How does one place a beat 'on' a given note/rest value?
VST difference between valve amp, preamp and tape saturation
Upgrading a guitar from low to high impedance pick ups?
One amplifier, two different instruments
Is there an explicit number of 'notes' in microtonal music/scales?
Should chords in Bach's solo violin pieces be arpeggiated if not marked as such?
Does the bass always have to harmonise with the lead?
When I release a fretted string how do I keep it silent?
Is there a standard musical/poetic form for the interaction between the protaganist and chorus in Ancient Greek tragedy?
How to prep vocals for a gig?
How can I limit the PPQ of my MIDI output?
How to find the key of a song without a pitch reference?
Everyday guitar routine
What are the official modes from Ionian to Locrian?
Sibelius 7 overlapping notes hiding each other
Fingering for piano run
Guitar fingerstyle arrangement
Is deliberately putting your guitar out of tune a valid technique?
How can I get my piece of music for symphonic band published?
How to make a song with chords and scales?
Digital piano: adjacent notes make wavering "wobble" sound when played together
How do I play this part in 'Portrait of Tracy'?
How to know the size of a classic guitar?
Why I tend to play faster tempo without realizing it?
How can I identify Gregorian modes in Bach music?
What are these numbers under tabs in Guitar Pro?
What are common analytic techniques for identifying phrases in music?
What is the mathematical model for simulating flanger?
Is it harder to play in a key with more flats or sharps?
Locrian Harmony
How to Practice the Hanon Exercises
Upon loading a track, the CDJ 2000 automatically goes through very quickly (~5 sec per one min of track)
Colour of keys in the era of equal-temperament
Develop a richer singing tone?
Lowering my range
Is there music available for a c1780 square piano with 5 octaves F to F
If F followed by Fm resolves to C, What do F# and F#m resolve to?
Small Ensemble Management
How does one choose the correct time signature to match the tempo and vice versa?
Set a fixed velocity for keyboard MIDI input while recording on Reason Propellerhead
What is the best way to Improve dictation without a teacher?
Why a common Trumpet is in B flat pitch ?
Truth behind Mozart memorizing Miserere and then writing it down later in full
What to look for when buying an arranger keyboard / keyboard workstation?
Which wind instruments are a problem with braces?
Playing certain chords sounds wrong
Is it possible to Overblow in Hohner Silverstar Harmonica?
Piano Vocal Guitar sheet music?
What is melodic inversion and how to do it?
Why is it that some days I can transcribe notes and some days I cannot?
Modern Harmonic Movements
Why does singing high notes seem to strain my vocal chords more than low notes?
How to think in number chord notation for Major and Minor
Piano both hands, different forces exercises
Fingers 'stuck' on keys
Singing the words to one song along with the music for another - what is this called?
How to enter in jazz theory
Tuning when changing strings
How would you go about writing a a chord progression properly using the circle of fifths in the phrygian mode?
Wrist, Age and Very Depressed
Ending a note on guitar
Help. Simple guitar tab question
Getting restarted with the piano as a beginner
Why do electric guitars have so many pickups?
How much digital piano polyphony is really needed for classical music?
Altered Dorian scale ( Misheberak scale or Ukrainian Dorian scale)
Stagg US10 TATTOO strings sound buzzy and loose
Is sensitive a vaild alternative name for the leading tone?
Motifs in Bartók's 5th Quartet
What does the modulation effect actually do?
Word for the entire chord progression of a song?
Getting into funky, jazzy fusion guitar playing
Why does software-synthesized MIDI music sound so bad?
How common is the little finger to fret strings in (blues) electric guitar? Why does SRV never use his little finger?
Physics behind why a bugle can play several notes, while a whistle only plays one note
practical exam ATCL ABRSM Diploma
What exactly is *the* blues and how do you learn it (as opposed to: learn *a* blues)?
Is a sustain pedal the same as a sustainer pedal?
Should I buy an Audio Interface for USB microphone?
What do Four Vertical Dots mean?
Controller that only exist 2-controls, pitch bend and modulation
Counterpoint without a leading tone?
Home recording!
How should I practice mallet percussion?
Solfa to sing in a chord
How to 'feel' note duration
Am I a low tenor or a high baritone?
What is causing static when I try to record directly from my guitar through a pre amp into my computer?
Guitar Alternate vs. Economy vs. Directional Picking Styles
JACK JackRouter (and then?)
What do the terms E2 A2 D3 G3 B3 E4 actually mean?
What characteristics should I look for when picking a microphone to record a piano?
Student-teacher relationship: telling a teacher about another?
Should very young bassists use a German bow?
Stage monitoring for guitarists
What is a bebop enclosure?
Could a good sound be had from small output amps?
Are the names for these chords valid?
Strange hum sound while playing open B note on the second string
Drying Hohner Student 32 melodica
Notes on string high E sounds out of tune even picking them alone
Note duration in Hindemith's "Elementary Training For Musicians"
How to change all hihats to ride cymbal in GuitarPro
Scales in modal versus tonal music
Fingerings for root-position Seventh Chords on Piano
How are keys in the circle of fifths related?
What attribute of sound will be identical (or close to) for multiple people receiving same input from different locations
Which Blues notes are deliberately flattened?
Will it harm technique if my thumb on the fretting hand moves a bit during different parts of a sweep picking arpeggio? (Electric Guitar)
What would be the proper fingering for these 2 small parts?
What is a Fake Book?
Increase strength and speed of left hand for guitar tapping
How to distinguish power chords from single notes?
How to play Haydn Variation trills
How to convert Vocals into lead Guitar
Whole bar rest in 6/8 time?
Extended range electric basses versus extended range electric guitars
Uploading tones on a synthesizer.
How can I alter a melody to fit a new chord progression?
What to look for in a drum machine for practicing guitar with
How can I introduce a band into working with a drummer?
How to tie knot for adjustable string strumstick strap
Can't see the "MIDI To" and "Midi From" options in Live 9 Suite
Is there a general explanation for why my timbre varies when I choose to sing at different ranges?
Modulation in synthesizer using a separate device
What is the difference between a "triplet" and a "trill"
In Piano, what cases do you really need to press 1th, 3rd, 5th, and 8th keys together at once?
Replicating chord tones
How does one go about harmonizing stepwise melodies?
Practicing string damping
How to tune your guitar to F major on capo 5?
Is a ♭ 3 a minor 3rd, a ♭♭3 a diminished 3rd, and ♭5 a diminished 5th?
Is there different bass pedal sizes?
What causes your voice to crack?
Priority of Da Coda vs. Repeat sign
Tenor sax octave pads: both open or both closed
Chord progressions : which note resolves to which note
Am I a baritone or a tenor based on these points?
Finding pitch of first note when starting a song
Playing notes of a chord not quite simultaneously
Same note to be played with both hands?
In musescore, is there a way to automatically create a guitar or bass tab from existing notation and keep them in sync?
What are the differences between the range of cheaper Fender Stratocaster models compared to American Standard?
What is a Fender Special Run?
Why does the Hendrix E7#9 chord sound good?
Markdown for music notation fragments
What's a "chord register"?
What is a 6-string bass guitar with normal guitar tuning called?
What's a superstrat?
The emotional response to a tune
How important is the 4th finger fingering in Chopin's Butterfly Etude
What is it called when the note pattern is the same in each bar but the actual pitch and note are different?
Is it better to turn volume regulators to mute for unused headphone amplifier channels?
How does it make sense to leave the root out of a chord?
two symbols on the same note
How do I practice to create a finer tone?
How to delete MIDI channel in Logic Pro X?
Two kinds of blues scales?
Normal chords are boring, I want more!
Why does the scale have seven (or five) notes? Why not six?
How can I visualise the effects of EQ as a curvature represented on a graph?
How should I notate repeated dotted eighth notes?
Lyric writing - books or essays?
Is there a bug in Event Float in Logic Pro X?
Having trouble memorizing intervals in ear training
Middle humbucker as Bridge humbucker
How to improve Left Hand Discipline when drumming (right Handedly)
Compare FM synthesis sound signal to equivalent additive synthesis signal
How to practice chord changes into B major?
How to play fast and very quietly on piano
Q-Range - the most mysterious parameter of quantization in Logic Pro X?
How to tell binary form from ternary form?
Starting Jazz Improvisation on Saxophone
Does the rule regarding consecutive octaves/fifths actually hold any weight?
How to delete/change type of bus in the channel strip in Logic Pro X?
Tuning Old Music Tapes
How to help students remember Half vs. Whole rests
What is this mirrored rest?
Voice-leading and Composition
Structure of the song "Bring me my shotgun" by Lightnin' Hopkins
Cool down exercises for piano?
Are there any popular pieces which periodically modulate down?
Is there a rest symbol that means "rest until the end of this measure"?
Fixed Gate Time on the MIDI region doesnt provide staccato over the full region
Setting up an electronic drum kit; volume differences for each component
changing pickups of an electric guitar
Piano accompaniment with left or right hand
What are "half positions" in reference to barre chords?
What's the correct fingering for a three string power chord on guitar?
How to learn & play sheet music with diatonic harmonica
How Do Time Signatures Affect a Song?
who were the first known people to play a reed instrument
Carly Comando - Everyday. Do I need to use right pedal?
Are whole notes/rests really used to signify variable lengths of time?
How to read this measure of music with "in between" notes?
How do you practice the violin, self taught?
Stucturing Rock Band Practices
How long is Staccato?
Electric guitar doesn't keep tuning on the first frets. Anything I can do about it?
Converting guitar tabs to piano chords, song doesn't sound the same?
Can I connect the "headphone out" of a ZOOM effects pedal (A3/G3) to a set of 2.1 stereo powered speakers and get decent sound?
How to practice a song?
“Tritone” intervals in n-tone equal temperament
Is pitch key mapping available in any of NI Komplete Ultimate 10 synths?
Cello A5 possible?
Quarter tones/middle eastern scale in Logic Pro
Phrygian dominant scale with a major seventh
Why are grand pianos usually black?
"Spoiled" suspension
I don't understand dominant 7ths in cadences
Why is the 3rd omitted from common G Maj 7 shapes in guitar?
Why do blues musicians perform sitting?
Creating a Harmony that Harmonizes with a Chord
Why and when to use 12-bar blues?
How to find my voice singing backing vocals on mic
Alternative ways of notating this example of metric modulation
Standard guitar string gauge?
Filling in a chord with your right hand
Why do most electric guitar string sets include a plain steel vs. a wound G string and what are the advantages/disadvantages?
What notation systems exist for indicating rhymes, alliteration and cadence in rap lyrics?
Does a good amp have to be heavy?
Singing on pitch with visual cues
Mastering double trills
Automatically create choir rehersal files from midi files
How to get raw signal from a divided or hexaphonic pickup
Music Notation for Bass - Unknown Symbol : Slash with two dots
What does this crossed-note notation mean?
Is it okay to play a note on 4th fret with ring finger?
How to play the note on the 24th fret of the 1st string when my guitar only has 22 frets
Is this type of sound wave possible (Picture)
A question about quarter notes
Piano in all RH chords
Bass clef changed to treble clef in the middle of the sheet music
What is the significance of Pythagorean comma (as in why is there a need to end in the same place)?
When to practice a song or chord progression in different keys
What is the difference between a chord progression and a riff?
How do I read guitar tabs written in this format?
How can I extend the pitch range of the ribbon on a Monotron?
Unusual time signatures?
Melody notes over Chord progressions
My old clarinet smells musty. How to freshen it up?
Right strings of Guitar
What is the purpose of this piece of wood between the pickups?
What chord is the open C slid up 2 frets?
How can an electric bass/guitar without pick ups work?
Symmetry Instead of Tonality
Tonality of modes?
How to master the guitar fretboard
How should one practice a piece that is learned, but not fully mastered?
B Major Chords on the Guitar
Correctly notating sharps and flats
Performance advice
Find the origin of folk
Do capos exist that can be disabled without removing them from the guitar?
Problems determining my voice type, fach, passagio
playing chords of Guitar
Playing overlapping notes
Bartok Mikrokosmos Book 3, no. 70
transposition while playing
Double Sharps in Just Intonation. The mathematics?
Question about terminology for a music sheet
How common is it to omit the I in II V I cadences in Jazz?
Looking for an app that can record piano and visually represent what was played
Would adding delay after the loadbox make it the same as if adding it in the effects loop?
Term for central note in melody
How much noise should a trumpet's valves make?
Batch create high quality audio renderings of midi files
Why is the double bass the only instrument in the violin family tuned in fourths?
What conventions are used with accidentals and tied notes?
EQ on a pedal specifically Parametric Bandwidth
Why aren't unusual leading tone cadences more common?
Connecting Audio Technica Pro 70 to a laptop for live recording
Is real organ music playable with digital piano?
Single Humbucker Wiring Help
Hammer on question
Oboe Not Playing in Upper Register
Games for the young piano student?
Repairing a loose guitar bridge
Squiggly Line Above Note
Do you need anything beside the BPM and number of beats per measure to specify a rhythm?
C Major Blues Scale Formula
What is the best way to learn scales on guitar?
What was opera performance practice like in Wagner's time?
In a Rock/Blues band who dictates the groove?
How transition smoothly multiple guitar recordings?
Are there any situations when one needs to make a distinction between slurs and ties?
How to play a Pentatonic Major using a Pentatonic Minor 3 octave shape
How do I know if my acoustic guitar is too big?
what is the correct musical term for arpeggios where the notes are left ringing?
What does it mean when we say that this musical instrument is n octaves?
Necessity of Time Signature & Tempo in Music Recording application
Is the bass line accompaniment in a song classed as its own melody / voice?
Which category of music theory would the topic of "which scales to play over which chords" fall into?
What's the difference between arpeggio and broken chord?
Can I post my cover song here to get it reviewed?
chords in BWV 846
Tuxguitar - entering verses
Different guitar chord voicings
Getting the most out of a Jazz standard
Audio Interface and Guitar
Do algorithms exist to calculate chords during performance while playing only baseline and melody?
Right hand to strum strings
What is a "Stable" Chord?
Term for a rhythmically misleading introduction to a pop tune?
Cantaloupe Island by Herbie Hancock
Most efficient way to silent read 2 or more voices (audiation)
play melody with perfect fourths on guitar
What are the reasons for tuning instruments based on a frequency other than A440
How do other magnets affect pickups?
Half, Three Quarter Sharps and Microtonality
How can one access the lowest ranges of one's bass voice?
Is a Bb Baritone and a Baritone Horn the same instrument?
How to play a MIDI controller keyboard on Windows?
What is an effective way to tune a guitar for an unpracticed ear?
How to record and add the voice of my friend for a song who is in another country?
Angled endpin on double bass?
Guitar makes a weird scratchy sound when using plectrums
Notes being played by the right hand within a chord being played by the left
How do I keep my throat cleared while singing?
How can I improve my piano recording?
Are these dotted and tied rhythms equivalent?
What kind of lute is this, which strings does it use and to which notes are they tuned?
What makes a great conductor?
Is there any software to program accompaniment quickly without electronic keyboard?
My throat hurts when I sing
B -> C and E -> F, No Sharp?
In Fux's Gradus ad Parnassum, why is the B always flat in the exercises done in the F mode?
What is the Lydian Chromatic Concept?
When composing for oboe, how useful is it to think about recorder fingerings?
Is classical singing with self-accompaniment ok?
How can I find a chord to go to after any other chord played on the piano?
Advice: 'Real' Musical Ability?
Why does the bridge saddle on a steel-string guitar sit at an angle?
What is the proper name for these cheating F#m & G#m chords?
Why does my voice crack while I'm singing and how do I prevent it?
Can Appoggiaturas be doubled or tripled?
What to choose? Violin or piano?
Change from staff to lyrics to chords
When should you change your pick?
Is there any support for microtonality and temperaments in (or beyond) the MIDI specification?
Which key Harmonica to use in conjunction with Distorted Electric Guitar in C#/D half step down
What beat is We Can Still Stop Her in?
Are there solfege syllables for diminished and augmented imperfect intervals?
Modes: More complicated than it seems?
Working up to Andy Mckee's "Blue Liquid"
What is the sudden sharp pitch increase in Old Country/Rockabilly
Vocal sheet music with right-to-left languages
Use and Sound of Extended Chords
Half notes with slashed stem
Guitars for small hands?
Can a 4-hole harmonica play this song?
How to practice scales on guitar?
Beginner musician - how can I improve my timing?
Ranking of Difficulty of Instruments
Making Guitar Rig 5, Spotify and Guitar Pro 6 be routed to my headphones
What does the staff notation half-moon symbol on top of the last note indicate?
Why are bass guitars so much shorter than a double bass?
How to transcribe the impossible?
SDC or LDC for specific cymbals?
Samson go mic or blue snowball
Why can't we play what people speak?
What is the best method to create warped drum patterns?
Where does the "knife edge" sit with respect to the pivot studs?
Inverted 7th chords in open position
Coda, segno; How to repeat chorus 3 times?
Limit on Trombone Mouthpiece Buzzing Range
Can a 4-hole harmonica play more than 8 notes?
LilyPond: Setting Vertical distance for PianoStaff
What thickness pick should I get for lead guitar?
How can I mix my guitar input to songs I play on iTunes?
What properties of a material make it ideal for acoustic foam or paneling?
Why does this note have a stem pointing up and another pointing down?
Tuning for small-size guitar?
Difference between a I7 - V resolution and I7 - IV resolution
Using Head Voice
What type of songs frequently use chords that are a half step apart (like the E and F chords)?
Using thumb picks instead of nails
Improvisation Queries
Note Accentuation (Dynamic) - When should/shouldn't you apply accentuation?
How can I lower a plastic acoustic guitar saddle?
can some one help me for set my amp for j-rock?
On learning how to play the guitar for the first time
Guitar Cables and Semi-electric guitars
On learning how to play the harmonica for the first time?
What is the practical reason for reentrant tuning on ukulele and similar instruments?
First Acoustic Guitar
With guitar, how long should I give my fingers to strengthen / callous?
What are the chords used to end blues songs like "One Way Out"?
Will putting decals/stickers on my acoustic guitar affect the sound, and if so, how much?
How I do memorize guitar notes?
Roman Numeral Analysis of Chords Outside Of The Key: C7 in the key of E major
Talking with the audience in a show
Is this an 8 bar blues chord progression? How to know if it is or isn't?
Name for same-note legato without the pedal
Can't perceive a 6-8 March rhythm properly
What's the name for a four, or five note chord?
Default connection of notes in sheet music
Should a guitar be de-tuned when not in use for long periods?
A question about fugues
What is the name of following G based chord?
Is it common in song structure for a "Bridge" to be shorter than the verses?
Beginning of Chopin nocturne no.20: slur and tie confusion
How to practice dynamics in this piano song?
What is a chord consisting of Root, 9th and 11th called?
What is that for a huge bridge on a Les Paul?
Is it more common for the main melody to be in the higher part and the accompaniment in the lower part? If so, why?
Can you have more dots on a note than a triple dotted note?
Why aren't songs with 11 beats 13 beats, common?
What is the meaning of time signatures with fractions on the top like ⅘ /4?
4 pairs of triplets and a loose one
Chord symbol confusion
If a piano song contains a melody line, should this be removed if we add the singer?
Arpeggio theory and chord sequences
How to learn to play the guitar while I have musical education?
What is the name of and how to notate a "tremolo in random order"?
What does this roman numeral (2) mean?
How exactly tell the root of a song over a defined scale on ambiguous harmonic context?
How is the hihat played in the intro to the Donna Summer song "Could It Be Magic"?
Some numbers in notation, what does it mean and how do I replicate it in Guitar Pro?
Can you put 6 string pickups in a seven string guitar?
8 under clef and timing questions
What's the tempo?
When/how to switch in between major and minor pentatonic
Does the conductor sometimes play with the soloist (Or on his own)?
8 quarter notes in 4/4 time?! And how do I insert this into Guitar Pro?
Half oval 3 over notes
Can I practice playing or singing more emotional?
Partial Measures with Matching Ending Measure
Lilypond incorrectly displaying natural signs in B Major
Over/under pitch note
How to play Tabla in a music composition?
Angled line over a note -- standard notation or made up?
Software to analyze tempo over time of a record
Bass guitar - One finger per fret or not?
Bass trombone articulations and tone quality worse after switching from tenor
What is the name of the chord contains the notes Ab, C, D and G?
What does it mean for music to be technical?
Fender Stratocaster center pickup gets in the way of palm muting
What would (theoretically) cause ESP LTD strats with Floyd Roses to play easier than an MIM Strat?
Notated With a Slur, But Played Without Slur
Do I need a DAC if I already have good audio in my motherboard?
Practicing acoustic guitar silently
Why is G7 chord highly unstable in C scale?
Identifying Modulations in Roman Numeral Analysis
Is this head voice/mixed voice?
Microphone stand locking knob failed - how to fix?
Proper understanding of dissonance
What is it called when a violinist quickly bows all strings in an 'arpeggio-like' flourish?
Chopin Etude How to play C-flat?
What is the process I should follow to analyse a piece like this?
What are guitar dynamics?
How to use power chords with pentatonic scale?
Writing a melody tips
What do the numbers on a guitar tab mean?
How to play guitar and sing at the same time?
Tuning type setting on Yamaha CP5?
Stretching for this right hand piano chord: B3 D4 G4 B4
What is the difference between (guitar) articulation and dynamics, and how do they relate?
Why isn't there a key signature with F flat?
Do mixers support 6.5mm mics?
Score analysis: Beethoven - Menuetto IV in F major (WoO9) at measure 4
How to create guitar tabs with similar notation to Japanese Band Scores?
What is a hypermeter?
Modifying MuseScore files to obtain stacked guitar chords
Electric Guitar - Metronome - How to play 16th notes
What is filter automation?
Which way do I tilt the bow hair?
Extend lower range
Extended chords in keys
Does a time signature imply accents?
Basic Guitar Downstrokes and Upstrokes
What key fits with the chords Em7, F#m7, and B7#5?
C Melody Saxophone
Understanding MIDI Files
What does "7/8 3/4 13/16 alternating bar groove" mean?
How can I create custom drum beats in GarageBand?
How to setup Ivory ii for a live performance?
Put a monitor on top my amp
What finger is used to hit a piano keys?
Getting a good sound from a 5 string violin
Term & abbreviation for number of tones or notes per octave - independent of temperament or intonation
What is the difference between temperament and intonation?
Can I play guitar if I know how to hum?
Simplified notation for two-note tremolo
Is this an electric guitar? if so how do i make mine sound like it?
Music input to Electronic drums
In a bass guitar, how do I mute the strings that I am not playing?
Programmatically export musescore scores into separate wav or mp3 files?
Is there a name for this kind of prolonged tension?
Longevity of electronic pianos
Are there any other common names for what I've heard called a "Crossover Guitar"
What's are the essential skills that I need to arrange songs to guitar?
What is this technique of singing called ?(bass effect)
Why do I need to change chords throughout a piece music to make it pleasant to listen to?
Why the chord on the third degree is major in this progression?
Can a motif be found outside of a phrase?
Restringing guitar – is it safe to remove all strings at once?
Two silence notes and a note that isn't played? misunderstanding ties
How should I store my bow if I'm not using it for long periods of time?
Is it bad to play wind instruments with clean teeth?
Lilypond: how to engrave a double bar at "Fine" when a \repeat statement follows
It's there a diference between a MIDI instrument and an analogue one?
Is there a name for this ending tag?
What chord is FMa?
Is there a term that describes straight 8ths / 16ths vs swing?
Which major scale patterns to study?
Play Right Handed, Want to Learn Left
What is virtual pitch?
What is a finger bow?
Connect digital piano to interface
How is sheet music conventionally conveyed among professional musicians?
What is the correct way of filling a 9/8 bar with a single note?
how much risk is acceptable with damaged classical guitar
Rhythm notation for lyrics?
What should be clearance of the violin strings from the fingerboard at the bridge end?
Difference between a baroque violin bow and a normal violin bow
Tips on improving rhythmic notation
Correct octave technique
Using the correct enharmonic equivalent
Is it possible to write polyrhythm in Guitar Pro 6?
What does this horizontal dotted line mean?
Recording: Dealing With Cicadas?
Where to start with sight reading
How can I practice clarinet quietly?
What's the name for the style of guitar on Reggae songs
Should i keep my pinkie stretched while i play this part of tahitian sunset on piano?
A shape barre chord up-strum issue
The best solfege key for a choir warm-up?
Music Creation Software for Midi and Yamaha Synth
How to remember inversions for chords
Can these sounds be created with an electric guitar or do I need an acoustic one?
Using Dynamic Microphone on Laptop for Quality Calls and Guitar Song Recordings
What mode consists of the note G A Bb C Db E F G?
How to stop making mistakes when playing with backing tracks?
Where or what is the guitar table
Percentage Of Different Scales That Are Exactly Alike?
Editting Certain note in Sibelius
amplifier storage highest temperature?
What causes notes to appear to follow a progression of melodic expectations? How does this work?
Can a melody contain only non chord tones?
What Happens To The Melody When Played In A Different Key
Different types of strings on the same guitar
problem disassembling a wooden recorder
Pain in both wrists
Will switching tunings affect my guitar's action or truss rod?
Best ways of storing sheet music
How famous piano player differs from an average piano player?
Lilypond templating or content management system?
Solos on the 12 bar blues in A
Medley in musicals
Playing a chord with a muted string in between
When does the amount of beats not add up to the time signature? (Besides pickup measures)
Which time signatures are associated with particular types of music?
How did the plagal modes differ from their authentic counterpart in practice?
Note Positioning: .abc files and note length
Scale, Heptatonic Scale, Diatonic Scale, Major Scale
ATCL programme notes : what do I need to include?
Purchasing a keyboard piano for recreational play
Is there a theoretical maximum number of musical scales one can form?
Melody Writing - Tension & Release
Looking for software to combine notation and recorded loops
What's the difference between chord inversions, open voiced triads and drop 2 chords on guitar?
Is it necessary to keep the soundtracks in the same key when writing medley?
Should I learn the CAGED patterns for harmonic and melodic minor scales?
Bass Guitar Theory: playing with lead sheets
Reading Guitar tab
Voice parts singing
Can one measure the "distance" between chords? If so, how?
Is it worth putting my classical guitar in for maintenance
Licentiate for classical guitar in Australia
How to memorise suspended & inverted chords?
How to do this on Guitar? (16th notes)
Are some scales more instinctive than others?
Hammer-on, technique, callus or both
How to reach the lower notes on a B-flat tuba?
Piano or violin for a guitarist?
Tuning Acoustic from Drop D to Standard Repeatedly
Playing both the pc sound and mic playback through headphones
What is an orchestra "reading session"?
Key signature in tab books
Reed of the Duduk —how to get a sound?
Choosing a V-Drum
How are note durations named in the British system?
Smooth Voicing Leading Explanation
Flamenco guitar books - is there a classic?
Is it okay to stand on drumkit's kick?
Will the sound change when a French horn is made detachable or has been lacquered?
Do accidentals earlier in the measure affect a trill?
Piano (sheet music) curves on top and numbers in circles
Bending guitar strings
Connecting midi keyboard to pc
Do I need Phantom Power?
How Long Can an Anacrucis Be?
difficulties tuning C string on ukulele
As a beginner, what should I look for in a chromatic harmonica?
How to train for faster picking speed on guitar?
Singing for the first time at the age of 53
Is there a trick to learning sight read, i.e relate notes to piano keys
how to use a headphone with a D.I. output?
What is the purpose of skew pickups?
Theory behind the change from a major chord to the same in minor
What pitch notation terms are used in Britain?
What is this kind of singing called?
How to use Piano pedals without using the foot?
How to indicate left hand for piano sheet music
How to play a glissando without hurting your hand?
technique(s) for developing ninth chord voicings on guitar
Couple of difficulties when trying to pick up piano again
Stretching Strings: Safe technique
Is there a key-less synth/midi controller to control and modulate my Yamaha keyboard?
Using MIDI with Serial Midi Converter using usb to ttl converter
How can I learn the theory behind chord progressions?
Female with a deep pitch range (F3-E4)
What do I do if the saddles on my bridge are already touching the bridge but I want to raise my action?
Blues improvisation building blocks
Strange waveform from microphone
Guitar intonation issue - still sharp but screw as far as it'll go
What is this notation? Tremolo?
When to learn music reading?
Violin - Scratch Notes as Technique
When playing solo piano how to play jazz chords with left hand when there is no bass player to play the roots?
What do these unusual time signature symbols mean?
When would you call a 7th chord first inversion a 6th chord?
What is first chair?
Are pop songs often composed on "layers" and is there a common set of layers used in pop music?
Trying to get sound from two amps through two headphones
Are flat 6ths ever used?
Varying touches in Bach's Toccata and Fugue in D Minor
Ear training: the basics
Why does a major minor modulation with the same root work (e.g. C to Cm)
Minor Chord Progression
Logic Pro X jumps back when starting recording
What does the caret symbol ^, mean in guitar tablature?
How long do you hold a fermata?
For which instrument the Minuet in G major is written?
Limited finger movement and range
Guitar pro 5 slash line to rest
How long to learn/understand/master mixed-voice technique?
Sidechain Gating vs Sidechain Compression (Ableton)
What is the correct posture to play the piano?
Why is touring Japan a big deal?
Should I now relearn my picking from mainly alternate to economy?
how to help pinky and ring finger connected by superficial ulnar nerve for guitar
Banjo 5th string as a melody note
Having trouble doing multiple intervals at the same time
Is it possible to improve your sense of pitch? How?
Is it a good idea to leave my guitar tuned over night?
Sing along to connect my ear with my instrument (guitar)
Thick fingers create problems sometimes
Stage manager of music?
Finale notation
Microphone options for a bicycle bell
What's the purpose of the key signature information in a MIDI file?
What's the reason for having a large number of guitars?
What is the safest way to raise and lower action and adjust intonation?
Electric guitars that can fit Firebird humbuckers with minimal effort
How to learn musical theory?
Replace nylon strings with steel ones on a guitar made for steel strings
Easiest way to turn permutations into Sibelius notation
Can a note be heard in wrong pitch?
Considering buying a keyboard but need advice
What to do when you don't trust the sheet music (or guitar tab)?
Open string makes unwanted sound when finger leaves it while playing a scale or lick
Why does my mono microphone have a three-pin plug?
How does a Time Signature affect tuplet duration?
How could I recreate this particular synth sound?
Kahler vs Floyd Rose
At what speed should notes be played?
What do uncommon time signatures consist of?
How can I change the style/rhythm of a song?
In Four Part Writing, is an augmented unison interval in a single voice allowed?
What's the purpose of time signature information in a MIDI file?
What contributes to the roughness of a sound?
How did Mozart know about voice leading rules like consecutive fifths?
what can someone who have challenges singing along with beat do?
Is using your thumb for jazz barre chords 'bad technique'?
Difference between Modality, Tonality and Chord-naming conventions in a more practical way?
How do I express humming in music notation?
Why Cminmaj7 is used and the purpose of minor and major are together?
Is hitting the more right-handed keys on the piano necessary to gain the same volume?
Guitar chord progression and key conundrum
Behringer guitar link and ASIO stuff
Help identifying something in guitar tablature?
How to make a backing track from any song. (If possible)
Why does the right hand/high instrument usually play the melody?
Lilypond chord mode not rendering minor modifier in alternate chord
How to direct alternating measures of 6/8 and 5/8 time signatures?
What advantages are there to learning on a guitar with no fret markings?
introducing the 3 main concepts of harmony : chord, tonality, mode
"ii and ii6 rarely used to harmonize 6 in the soprano" - for what reason?
How to recognize chords while listening
What is the fingering for the measure (or bar) 65 of this version of Memories of Lightwaves?
Is there a pattern behind the numbers of sharp keys in chromatic scale
Are vocalists such as Kellin Quinn, Cove Reber and Vic Fuentes using Chest or Head voice?
A major scale flat and natural accidental
How can a non-musician recognize anacrusis?
Guitar tab reading
Major scale box patterns
Guitar + tremolo = neck bent
Piano keys stiffening on repeated pressing
What should I do without a whammy bar
Correct name and technique for 2-5 adjacent strings
Should tabla drum produce any buzzing?
Liszt's Eglogue - the first few bars
Effect of keys on modern performances
Choosing a guitar: left handed or right handed
String skip on guitar
Beginning a repeat with a tied note in guitar pro 6
Are there any guide with commonly used settings on sound synthesis?
Classical to another style guitar
Jimi Hendrix's Bridge Pick up
Neck pickup's sound is still a bit bridge-y. Trying to get jazz guitar sound
Piano sounds "wobbly". Old jazz recordings
What is the difference between with or without legato in singing?
Pedals in Chopin's Nocturne in e minor
Question about melody phrasing begining on beat 3 of a 4/4 measure
Are some instruments more tonal than others? How do you measure tonality?
How do I make piano sound kind of like it is in a room and sad?
Does 4/8 Have a Faster Tempo Than 4/4 at 60 BPM?
Major 7th most consonant in small octave?
How do I put musical symbols in text fields using Lilypond?
Can Audacity only delete the stuff I just recorded with backspace instead of all the audio?
Guitar playing Nothing else matters
How is a jazz bass different from a normal bass guitar?
12yo driving me nuts with poorly done falsetto
How do I figure out the tonality of a piece with a chord that doesn't fit?
Amplifying a Classical Guitar, Electric Guitar, and Keyboard
Why do composers use fermatas?
What is the meaning of the dotted lines in Hanon exercise 33?
Chords derived from uncommon scales
Transposing a song for a desired vocal range and guitarist
Where do I start in choosing a speaker?
In an active/passive instrument, does the passive mode consume battery as well?
Do different instruments playing single notes simultaneously form a chord?
Violin: How to change left hand position without hearing the change?
Automating Alchemy pad segments in Logic Pro X
classical guitar - how hard is it to learn new songs
How to determine what celtic songs to chain together?
How to denote changing of pipe organ stops during performance?
Struggling with strumming patterns
What is such deviation and reconciliation called?
Role of Dominant 7th chord in particular progressions
Why are there major and minor intervals?
What is this music symbol and how to play it?
new at electric guitar need help
Why does the neck of a bass get wider?
Fret hand muting for a less messy, more "single note" sound?
What is the name of the drum you wear on your back to play without your hands?
Is a composition of a major triad constant in a key
How can I make my voice raspy?
Sibelius allow to play along like synthesia?
What do the terms "pitch relationships" and "vertical dimension" signify in relation to harmony?
Sight reading and playing by ear
Are the inharmonic frequencies of an instrument in addition to or instead of the theoretical overtone frequencies?
Are all pure tones that are separated by intervals of greater than a minor third equally consonant?
Why are some/most B♭-clarinets tuned to A=442 Hz?
Piano with two treble clefs and 8va on grand staff
How to play moonlight sonata with pedal
How to hold a plectrum?
Why is it difficult to switch over from acoustic to electric guitar?
Are all keys created equal?
Is there any "research" in music theory?
What is the difference between Soprano leggero and lyric soprano?
Sound not coming through amp
Where is a good place to store online music which can be accessible by html and javascript?
Is there any full note-map for 4-hole harmonica?
How to identify the ideal guitar type, given constraints (usually budget)?
Why is the 2nd note of a chord called major third?
Distortion in Audacity
Composition Training (with Hindemith)
Why are the cello strings tied with a shoelace?
Technique in which student repeats notes teacher plays
How to properly connect my PC's external audio interface to my combo bass amp?
How to improvise chord progressions?
Why Can't I Consistently Hit Low Notes?
Crackles when recording guitar amp line out into PC
Are there any special strings for half-scale-length (nut to bridge) electric guitars?
What is the name of a description of a pattern of motives?
Clementi Op. 42 Lesson 5 Arietta (ABRSM Grade 1, A1), use of crescendo and diminuendo
What should I look for in a violin as a beginner?
What is double about the double bass?
How to use a metronome for guitar
Open/Close Position Chords: What I am missing?
Can't read but can play good
Are all Stratocaster Standard guitar single pickups compatible?
How do you tune a conga set?
Audio recording software for Chromebook laptop?
Hendrix/John Lee Hooker style Blues trill technique?
Last note in midi file playing at half the length
Modulating from E Minor to C Minor
Male Whistle Register?
Why is 1/128th note's prefix "semihemidemisemi"?
Singing while playing guitar
Daughter tends to raise index and middle finger whenever she plays the remaining fingers on piano
Will a marching band on the go sound out of tune to an observer due to the Doppler Effect?
Why do pianos have piano hinges?
Trouble with low notes
My new Fender is difficult to tune
Tempo when recording a guitar amp by microphone?
Lilypond "\set associatedVoice" trouble with stanzas
Why can't oboes play softly while clarinets can?
Question on blues chords
Are chord progressions based off of one chord used?
Should I connect my multi-effects pedal to PA or Amp?
How does one establish a key? What are the criteria?
After just one night of putting on new strings on my electric guitar, they sound dull
Lilypond "elevation" of rests after two voice passage
Lilypond: multi-bar melisma with extender line in `\lyricmode` context
Do I have perfect pitch
Why are the harmonic and melodic minor scales called what they are?
Is there indian music that is not "mono chord"?
Does starting on a "silent" string instrument compromise learning in any way?
Improvisation Technique and Theory Over Modal Sus or slash chords
Does absolute pitch always cover the all musical sound range?
Should you practice all basic drum patterns on both sides?
How to transpose music written for bass to flute?
Pros and cons of matched vs. traditional grip for lefties
Is there a term to describe an augmented second as a step or tone instead of an interval?
Cheap audio interface for recording electric guitar
Choosing a song for choir acceptance audition
Is it possible to train perfect pitch
Absolute pitch - has it varied through the centuries?
Why does a minor sixth chord contain a major 6th interval?
Guitar intonations sounds a bit off?
Am I a bass or just some baritone who's been put in bass?
What's the caged system good for?
Music Theory, Circle of Fifth, Chords that fit, Exceptions and example song "Sultans of Swing"
Buying nicer violin Strings
Why are Lutes so hard to tune?
Do I need to replace very old strings of my guitar if I just start learning?
Which of two enharmonic note names to use?
What is the name of this musical symbol (squiggly line)?
Why is the Phrygian Dominant Scale thusly named?
How to dampen an amp's volume for recording?
How to easily play a trill on the high G on the flute?
Which finger should I use for the fourth valve of a piccolo trumpet?
Is there a way to input guitar tabulature by entering fret and string numbers instead of note letters in LilyPond?
Is it possible to have a note that is both dotted and a triplet?
Modulation via a major chord, then another major chord a half step down
What is the best way to learn a drum part of a song
How should I practice when I have limited time available?
Eliminating Vocal/Glottal Fry
Why is it called a Perfect Fifth?
Performance on low notes
Slide Guitar Scratch
How to strum without hitting the body with the pick?
Is 'dur' another way of saying flat (b)?
Is it OK to pick over the neck pickup?
Best name for a chord consisting of D - E - F?
Why are there no instruments made from rocks?
Symphony deconstructed by instruments
Building up stamina with my practice routine
Tips on getting the notes of a song through earing (guitar)
What allows us to distinguish a sequence in C major vs A minor?
Why there are different tabs for one song
Lefthand to righthand bass guitar conversion
Growling in heavy music
Wrong Time Signature or Syncopated?
A triad is 3 notes, but on guitar, we strum more than 3 strings?
Has anyone done any work specific to experimenting/creating formulaic math evaluations for the purpose of defining musical patterns?
Composing Music on Guitar - how do I get started?
How can I "self learn" now that I am an adult as a amateur?
Who should use "super low tension" guitar strings for classical guitar?
Which were the most popular key signatures in the Medieval era?
Left Handed piano pieces and recommendations?
Tonal harmony, counting intervals and confusing about Perfect Fifth in C Major
Guitar wiring diagram confusion
Help with guitar tab - which line indicates which string?
Rahn Atonal Prime Form Confusion
To what frequencies do the overtones (harmonics) created by distortion extend?
Why does the minor scale have modes?
When playing piano, how do you play fast successive notes between octaves using one hand?
Is there a way to do a tone knob like effect with an acoustic without audio effects?
Intervals for music
Counting off anacruses (pick up measures)
Is there a way to change the volume of sound or turn off sound completely in TuxGuitar?
Electronic drum noise in flats/apartments (travelling upwards!)
Do I need to be concerned with drum tuning when using drum samples?
Theory behind Bach's deviations from the scale
Learning while recovering from tendonitis
Question on Hanon's Exercises for Piano
What's the correct term for a 'professional' composer?
Is there a name for this scale?
Guitar scale exercises pleasant to listen to?
What is the most convoluted standard musical form?
Bending with the "super light" strings
How to teach a young child the correct intonation on the violin?
How important is pitch perception ability in musical creativity?
Music Theory Classification Systems
G, B, E strings buzzing?
Double Harmonic (Ultraphrygian) Examples
What are some reliable, high-quality resources for studying a piece of music?
Schubert's Impromptu Opus 90 D899 No. 4
What do 7th chords generally resolve/lead to?
I have written a song with the chord progression of G, D, Bb, C and A. What key is it in?
Melody question
Is this pseudoCode for composing a medieval song accurate/adequate?
Providing phantom power to 3.5mm mic
How to play these trills on piano?
Playing guitar as naturally as singing?
Chord inversions?
"The" versus "a" diatonic scale
I don't know how to find strumming patterns
What does the word technique mean in Opera singing?
Is there a specific name for the arpeggio symbol?
Substituting all chords with relative minor/major...?
How to understand and comprehend the basic major key signatures on the Baritone?
Why do low chords sound muddier than high chords?
How do time signatures relay information on the grouping of beats?
From Scales and Chords Theory to a chord Progression
Floyd Rose spring setup
Triplets don't seem to add up
When did the half-step/whole-step modulation in the middle of a song become popular?
does a first time bar always need a repeat?
Binding on Guitar Neck Cracking/Peeling/Splitting
How to best play this Los Lonely Boys run?
Flowers on a Piano
What is a trill?
Dominant 7th chord fingerings for piano
Why do I feel like I sound really bad when I'm playing Guitar?
Guitar tablature
Guitar Fingerstyle
How to tackle this tricky rhythm?
Drumstick choices for electronic drums
Piano: Beginner fingering question
What should be the tone effect of lowering (neck) pickup?
What are Kick Lines?
How to improve my aural?
How do I distinguish my voice singing a c3 from a c4?
Name for scale contain the notes C, D, E, F G#, A, A#
Ornaments in J. S. Bach's 4th prelude
How do I play B# and C at the same time?
Avoiding Plosives
Using multiple scales in one song
Diminished chord buttons on an accordion
To what degree would learning music notation help improve singing
How to learn to carry a tune, i.e. stay in some key or other
How to play single note trill on the piano with one hand?
Yamaha I455 Indian Music Keyboard, Dual Voice - Drums and grand piano
Rhythmn part of solo guitar arrangements
How can a novice singer develop their tone?
Recommended books for learning piano
Swinging eighths on the piano
Ear Training: How to figure out the key signature and chords used in a song
How should a pop shield be set up?
How to use a compressor to create a more singing sustain with the guitar?
How to read accidentals in medieval music "modern" notation?
What is the melodic minor scale with a flattened 5 called?
Difference between sound speaker and guitar combo speaker?
how to play chords, bass and melody at the same time like Finger pickers and classical guitarists?
Determine whether to keep the original key when arranging a solo piece
Playing a classical piece at full speed
Question on critical-band and critical-band rate usage
Faking a human performance in midi
What are these parts of a Song
Counting a 16th note rhythm with breaks
Flamenco sketches ear training vs. sheet music
Electric guitar is too low without a strap
How do I spot original sheet music?
Beginner difficulty in barre on higher frets on guitar
In MuseScore, is it possible to add tab to an existing bass notation so I'd get both notation and tabs for bass?
Fingers feel clumsy while playing bass guitar
windows 8 microphone port monitor lag
Two finger vs Three finger Power chords on guitar
I have two versions of a song sheet and neither of them say the sharp should be used
What is an Em chord plus the G on the high E string called?
Can you remove harmony from counterpoint?
How do you decide on a string gauge for an electric guitar?
Classical guitar - Cannot play by ear
In classical music scores we often find French horns of different pitches. Why is that?
Best equalization for feedback improvement on guitar?
Midi keyboard software to work like an off the shelf standalone keyboard
How to exercise my fingers in extreme bending when playing piano?
What is the technical term for a quick pitch change / 'pleading' sound?
How to determine fast if song has constant tempo
Can I say all black keys are enharmonic equivalents?
Should I remove electric guitar cord daily after practice?
How to choose a guitar pedal power supply?
What does a capo really do to chords?
How do I learn to sight-read standard notation chords when I'm playing guitar?
Does violin holding technique really come down to individual style/preference?
Removing certain string from guitar pro 6
Should I practise chords as a beginner?
Can the timbre of a marimba be changed?
Playing Brass in Classical music: Intonation of thirds of a chord is often crucial
What do these unusual signs on key signature mean?
Why are there 18 notes listed for chromatic scale tuning
Is it fair to say the treble clef is optimized for piano?
How are 13th chords with alterations "shorthand" written?
how to change strings on a jixing acoustic guitar?
Tendinitis while playing the violin
Teaching Theory for Violinist in Suziki book 2?
Why might one want to record a drum accompaniment electronically without using regular or electronic drumheads and cymbals to drum on?
How to notate groove/ swing/ shuffle rhythms
What are the real time values of jazz swing eighths in performance?
Sitting position for 61 key piano
Method Book questions
Guitar strings, high action but not touching saddle
Does anyone know of a solid method of converting midi to MP3 through VSTs with presets?
What are the disadvantages of using an electronic drumset?
Becoming proficient at piano at age 30?
Making electric guitar sound like semi acoustic
Side effects of power chords
What are common compositional elements of 80s synth pop?
Determining closest key when primary contributing factors are shared among keys
How I can reduce breathing sounds from playing a penny whistle on a recording?
"It takes dedicated PARENTS to produce a good drummer" -- Tell me more
How does one produce a drumline using software?
Confusion about various editions of Bach's Musette
non-tremolo repetition rate?
Erhu vibrato before Western contact?
What is the vocal technique for Adrien's (Northlane) Low Scream?
Finnish metal vs Swedish metal
Specs for minimal quantity and quality of drumkit for child
Difference in action between pressed and unpressed strings too much?
How to fix LMMS not loading VSTs?
Changing guitar chords from the key of flat
Blues harmonica to start
Practicing Correctly for a Musician
Marshall G100RCD
Music Equalizer Advice
Learning piano after nine years of playing guitar
What is the rap mechanism used in "No Pixar" called?
Learn to write music
Keeping in time
What really is a proper way of singing?
History of "jazz minor/melodic minor" harmony
Buzz in electric guitar recording
Fingering/notes in this version of Elite Syncopations
What is this straight line at the beginning of the measure?
Orchestration question: when can basses get muddy?
Fruityloops not playing certain notes
Piano Half-Pedal Duration
Difference between keys and scales?
How to make music link together more naturally - composition
Why do some intervals sound better than others?
What is the name for the scale that is Aeolian with a lowered root?
Bass effects through guitar amp
Which blues scale and 7th chord voicings match up?
How to remove disgusting audio sound from reaper DAW
Unusual Accidentals
Advice for beginning guitarist for bad fingers
Is it possible to get the actual sheet music for a particular song?
Help with tonicization, modulation and modal interchange
How to play drums on keyboard?
What does Opt. S.D. mean?
Are there any documentaries on the subject of Medieval and/or Renaissance western music and its practice?
Changing Time Signature
Time Signature Translation
Electric guitar problem, bad resonance?
Which scales for particular chords [Piano]
How to put this one half note and three eighth notes concatenation in Guitar Pro 6?
Beginner drum, with very low budget - stainless steel, fiberglass, wooden drums?
Little 'aside' in a vocal
Developing speed, expectation
Is it safe to take a metronome apart?
How can I convert a Standard MIDI File from Type 1 to Type 0?
Different note lengths on guitar pro 6
What is the difference between vibrato and tremolo?
Is it a bad idea to mix lessons on acoustic, and practise on electronic multipad?
How do rock singers avoid ruining their voice?
What chords can be played on an accordion?
Why do PA speakers driven with more power deliver clearer and better sound?
guitar tablature question for song
Cajon - What thickness Plywood should I use for the playing surface?
PA System Factors To Consider
How does mouth size affect singing tone?
I'm stuck at a fork in the road. Need ideas on how to grow my skill and passion as a guitar player
How versitile are folk body guitars?
Ravel, "Noctuelles", bar 14-15 v. bar 99-100
"Minim Semi-Quaver" Semi Quaver with a space in the note
Please help me to understand a song structure
Acoustic Guitar in the Live Mix
Bassoon vs tenor bassoon (tenoroon)
Entry level guitar amp, as a gig amp for hobbyist
What can I do to improve my apoyando?
Auto-bass accompaniment
Triplets against 16th notes on piano
Strumming of Guitar
7th Chord Question - Roots and thirds
No power through daisy chain
Typical latency from microphone to the digitized samples on a PC
How do I play this part in 'Trois pièces brèves'?
Is there a humane (relatively painless) way to make a midi file sound half-way decent?
Difficult Trombone passage
How many sounds should be played for this (tr) market note?
Courses Offered For An Introduction To Music And Instruments?
Have tie extend past end of music in lilypond
Fret Buzz on specific areas
How do I play a run of keys or a certain pattern of ascending or descending notes, fast?
Piano problem specifically with how I should place my hand
Harmonic analysis of the B section of "Have You Met Miss Jones"
Is it essential to learn music theory in order to play an electronic keyboard as a piano for fun?
Is there a resource containing intervals (or scales) in integer format?
Diatonic chords: Definition, purpose, and application
Is there a name for this trope in music writing
What is the best way to learn a repetitive part in a piece?
Amplifier settings for rock or blues?
Simple delay pedal with more headroom
How Can I Isolate Individual Drums From An Overhead Track?
Bad back... is it better for me to play with lumbar support?
Is there a lightweight keyboard piano that doesn't require any energy supply?
Why is music in music schools taught the way it is?
Bind keyboard keys to midi controller keys
Switching from keyboard to hammered-key digital piano
In any major key, what Roman Numerals indicate the major, minor, and diminished chords?
What type of instruments are these?
What is my current octave range, can it go much farther, and how can I increase it?
Shaky electric guitar sound
If I have a good chord progression, how can I come up with good piano melodies?
Singing: Is it true that all of your power behind singing should come from your diaphragm?
What are my options to incorporate a sub-woofer into a PA system for live music performance?
Why do female opera singers use head voice?
Does the pickup really have any effect on the guitar's distortion sound?
Help with playing a solo- need tips on improvising.
Do diatonic chord types influence progressions?
How to find a rock sound on a mini amplifier for my guitar?
How should a boy who has already started to go through puberty learn to sing in falsetto?
Black keys issues on keyboard
Approach to progressing with guitar?
Where does the opening solo of the Rite of Spring come from?
What's the difference between timbres built from sine and square waveforms?
Live Midi Controller Setup
Time signature 3/4 seems to have more than 3 quarter notes in a measure
Guidelines for Easy Piano Blues, but not boring
Tonicisation of Secondary Dominant in D Minor
Meaning of sfr on sheet music
Preamp Valve gone in 'hissing' amp?
Where can I find machine-readable music scores?
What does a sideways "s" over a note mean?
Unwanted bar line in Sibelius 7.5
The Greg Kurstin ethereal breathy vocal effect
Is there a standard notation for "Happy Birthday" with two names?
Differences between Covered vs. Open Coil Humbuckers?
I, (II), III major chord progression?
Enable effect pedals by giving them power in different power chains
Where am I going wrong in interpreting this MIDI string?
Which key to move higher to?
Software for adjusting the velocity curve in Linux
How do I transcribe a melody without an instrument?
Learning Classical Style Acoustic Guitar
Chord progression in Brangane's warning
Guide to Art of the Fugue?
EADGBE, thin to thick
How long does it take to be able to sight read piano sheet music fluently
The Chords in this progression sound great but don't belong together - so why do they work?
How to sing SATB parts as a Baritone
How to be sure vocals are transcribed into the right octave?
What is the math behind how keys/holes on woodwind instruments affect the pitch?
Piano - Hand position when playing "double octaves"
Presenting lyrics for two singers
How much can one (on average) increase chest voice range before reaching genetic potential?
Ableton Live Preset Resetting to Default
Instruments that are easy on left pinkie fingers
I've booked my first ever singing lesson - what should I do in preparation?
Is learning from an unknown guitar teacher better than just learning on my own?
I am playing a song in D Major, and it contains an Am. How do I notate this in roman numerals?
Requirements for performance-quality wine glasses
Song recommendations for a self-taught pianist
How to name the key of a song that modulates?
I play bass and want more from myself & my instrument
Is there a lower limit for how short a note can be, in a given time signature?
Making Harmonize to a melody
Why does my Washburn sound bad even after installing EMGs?
Can someone explain what a voice is in piano?
How to tune a guitar using harmonics?
What is this ("frequent vibrato") vocal technique called?
What is the term for this - not vibrato, or tremolo
Why are Arabic Ouds built with 12 pegs when they usually are strung with only 11 strings?
Bass clef changed to treble clef in the middle of the music sheet
Is there an accepted way to numerically represent note values out of standard notation?
Release a new album with a new band
What is the study of song structure called?
What time signature has 3 out of 8 beats accented?
Why can I sometimes find a note, other times not?
Singing lessons for an instrumentalist
Why does the chord progression Gmaj - F#maj - Amaj sound the way it does?
Use of Roman Numeral Notation when a new key is introduced within original key
Is it possible to have "Perfect Tempo"
Di box for bass amp
Time signature equivalent - two bars in Waltz time
Lightest gauge strings for a 12-string acoustic?
The lower end of my vocal range tails off really suddenly, is this normal?
Vocal warm downs and post-singing routine?
Short way to indicate pedaling every bar
Grand piano make by music style
composing a piano piece using specific scale
What is the "puerto rican mambo" in cuban salsa?
Difference between mixing and mastering
lilypond : tuplet vs. times
How do I make a guitar string easier to bend?
What is the technique called where you hold a crash cymbal while hitting it?
Basic electro guitar duets
It's really hard to press my acoustic guitar strings and I can't figure out why
question on a certain chord progression
How do I know if I've been abusing my voice?
How do I write an original melody?
Four chords in chord progression. How to choose the fourth chord?
Is 440hz always perceived as the same note no matter the vibrating medium, athmosphere and environment?
Guitar for child
History of Russian Clarinet/Bass Clarinet low notes
How do I retrain myself to memorize germanic note naming (C-D-E) if I've been taught the latin one (Do-Re-Mi) as a kid?
Broke my volume knob on my Yamaha Pacifica
What's with the chords in this video?
Does a dominant seventh chord always have to function as a secondary dominant/cadence?
Logic Pro X: Output 3-4 is disabled
Do music stars rehearse regularly with their band?
What does a pair of long horizontal lines between two whole notes mean?
How can I tell if I (or other male singers) are using falsetto or head voice?
Large Groups Tending Towards Specific Keys?
Holding a long note without wobbling
Naming of notes in choral music?
Which would benefit my band the most, learning covers or writing originals?
How do I count out 24 measures?
Playing the Low E Flat on a Trombone
As a beginner, what should I look for when buying my first synthesizer?
What type of Keyboard is best for use with DAWs for adding Bass Lines and Leads to my mixes?
How is vocal fry used in singing?
Can you strum a bass guitar?
How did baroque composers relate to human emotions?
Is this an error in Guaraldi's Christmas Time is Here?
Need help understanding how this progression fits in with music theory
Learn piano one hand at a time or simultaneously?
vocal exercises to perform while driving to work
learning the Kora
Air Leak/Snorting at the back of nose while playing clarinet?
Efficient strategies when recording alone
Novation Launchpad - Practice for playing two different beats / patterns simultaneously
DeQuervain's Tensynovitis
The notes outside the major scale form a pentatonic scale
I need help teaching a piano student with dyslexia; are there any websites specializing in this?
How can I learn to play the chords by listening to the song (like I do with notes)?
Help me name this scale
Is it possible to increase the range of mixed voice?
Will major chords on the notes of a minor pentatonic scale sonund well?
When someone plays vocal warmup scales on a piano, what do they play?
Re-harmonize the chord with the bass?
How does singing volume affect vocal range?
How to disable my midi-controller touch sensitivity in kontakt 5
Common denominator bpm
My guitar plays out of tune on the high e on fretted notes up the neck
I'm totally new to classical guitar, I see people playing barre chords
What does it mean when there are two 1s with a curve over a note?
I feel like my falsetto doesn't go as high as my head voice, is that likely?
Key choice for brass instruments
Shake and Growl on French Horn
Is the song Some Day Baby by Ray Charles a blues song?
How to prepare for a music major?
Why does it take 700 cents to get to a perfect 5th, which is 3/2 (one and a half) from the root?
How to make good palm mute distortion sound?
Chords in the chromatic scale
Voice parts exercises for blending
Is there a convention to notate anticipation?
How do I lubricate a slide whistle?
In general, how do I maintain a slide whistle?
How fast should I set the metronome for agitato?
Is the notes for a trigger trombone the same as a traditional trombone?
What does a plus sign denote after a chord's name?
What's the qualitative difference between wooden and plastic recorders?
Guitar amplifier speaker replacement - different connector size
Algorithm for Transposing Chords Between Keys
Classical guitar playing free stroke or rest stroke?
Why would I use the "high pass" option of a subwoofer?
What is a good exercise to get people singing loudly and confidently in a small rehearsal room?
Bass picking technique
Is it necessary to use only notes and chords that belong in a specific scale?
What features are important in a simple keyboard for vocal training?
How best to handwrite scores?
Classical guitar: how to figure out the fingers
Violin Tuning- shouldn't the the A-string be tuned to A5? Why A4?
What accessories are needed when learning guitar?
What makes a wind instrument sound louder or softer?
What is the scale played on this chord progression?
Pitching a note based on where it resonates in your body?
How to "saturate" one's voice using sound engineering effects?
What are ringing tones for a violin?
What am I doing wrong with my new alto recorder?
Cleaning Up Zildjian Cymbal Stains
What are the numbers under the Harpsichord
Output from Zoom G1Xon to 5.1 receiver sounds terrible
Adding warmth to my vocals
Can the scale be determined from only this excerpt?
How to make a melody line more full and interesting (piano)?
Why is a consistent rhythm and tempo such a vitally important component of modern music?
Is there an easier way to remember the notes in 11th and 13th chords?
notating a cappella liturgy music
Use different pickup for different group of strings
How to understand a 32 bar progression
Beginner electric guitar, for specific genre (blues and classic rock)
Two MIDI files generated by Lilypond output the same audio
Can the installation of a silent system in a grand piano interfere with its performance?
Voice Range help
How can a harmonica make some different sounds?
What circumstances affect the perception of the accuracy of the pitch adversely?
What does 'Poco Meno' mean?
What is state and response and modal sequence in music theory structure analysis?
is it possible to run an amp into the boss br-800?
How to get these organ sounds
Using a Mac for backing and recording
Can I play a 12 string like a 6 string guitar?
What is a Schenkerian graph?
How to find what chord harmonizes with a given note in a given context?
How to transcribe a score without a rigid tempo?
Has there ever been an orchestra without a conductor?
Mac vs PC for music production
When writing music, is there an optimal speed for vocal parts?
A,B,C,D,E,F,G and H in boxes in piano sheet music, how do I play it?
Multiple Midi Controllers on the Same Channel (different octaves)
Will my range get lower?
Is everyone capable of singing?
Sub-canon within a canon?
Placement and role of thumb of fretting hand for speed and fast chord changes
Why can my guitar tuner correctly name major chords?
chord progressions - Fm to Bb, sounds different to Cm to F
Can a pentatonic piece have notes outside the scale?
How should I clean my fingerboard without damaging my violin?
Complex Versus Simple Time Signatures
use Lilypond to transpose pattern around circle of fifths
short hand in writing music
Plastic Ukes and clip on tuners
Do the notes of a chord form parallel octaves, even when they are not played simultaneously?
Are microphones meant for Karaoke and PA bad for recording vocals and instrument music?
Why do certain keys sound good together?
Brahms Hungarian Dances
What "things" should I look for when buying a classical guitar?
ASIO with a latency with bluetooth mic
Can I use a Mustang bridge on a Fender Jaguar? Are there issues?
Inhaling for a good breath support, through the mouth or the nose?
Guitar setup for which tuning?
Always Having To Swallow When Singing?
Why does the V6 chord sound so different from the plain V chord?
The manufacturing date of a violin
Day-long recording session in a studio
How to record a live show through a mixer with a scarlett 2i2
Lilypond function to interpolate two notes
What to look when buying left-handed guitar strung by a right-handed player?
accidentals in measure
How do (bass) guitar players stop a note?
Why does “Alice's Restaurant” sound like Blind Boy Fuller?
Can a person learn trumpet using a pocket trumpet?
Help harmonizing a piece
how to find right chords for a riff
What determines compatibility between DJ controller hardware and software?
How to find the most correct meter of a riff or phrase
What music notation software allows you to code the notation?
slur options in sheet music
Do disconnected pickups alter sound in noticeable way?
Why are the same notes written on different staves?
What's the difference between the tritone and the blue note?
What does this chord/number means?
How to read piano key signatures
Does this cadence have a name?
How to give classes on improvisation
Ideas on how to concentrate/not get lost when listening to a song for transcription/understanding purposes
writing in 3/4 time
Writing sheet music on your smartphone
Non-playing fingers on piano– where should they rest?
Why is the "longest note value still in common use" called a "breve", when breve means "short"?
Noise coming from dunlop gcb95 original crybaby
What instrument gives the sound of artillery?
Fixing delay and blurred together notes with Kontakt horns and strings
Should I set the metronome the same speed as the shortest note when practicing?
A quarter note or an eighths?
How do electric guitarists play holding guitar below their waist?
Is an envelope filter and a wah pedal the same thing?
Is it necessary to turn on my electronic drum kit before the amp and vice versa?
Are there chords that cannot be realistically played by humans?
How to play these (following) notes on a piano?
Why do people use a microphone to record an electric guitar
How to practice music theory?
Can a chord progression of a minor scale be transposed to become one of a major scale?
Complementary program to Transcribe!
Is there a key signature for harmonic minor scale?
How to record directly from H&K guitar amp that has no DI output?
Four in hand technique for handchimes
B - F - A chord in the key of C major
It is ok to correct wrong notes when playing piano?
What are parenthesis used for in notation?
Making part of a triad chord sharper, but is it counted as minor?
Intro/Outro standard practices for song to be included in DJ set
How do I go about playing Jazz Standards?
How to practice my ears to identify scales or notes?
Should I get a cajon or drum pad and sticks
Tchaikovsky symphony No1 movement 1 time 2/4
Why is A=442 the common tuning for percussion instruments?
What Tuning Should The Guitar Strings Be Tuned To? (For beginners)
Better way of playing major Barre chords
Problem with F minor 7 guitar chord
Why use delay instead of reverb?
When is it okay to move up a violin size?
Piano technique - arms/hands/fingers
My left hand doesn't keep the tempo
What is an A minor Chord played at 3rd fret?
Did Bach intend his two volumes known as the "Well-Tempered Clavier" to be a single work?
Regaining falsetto after a cold
61, 72, 88 keys for music covers and some classics? Suggestions for a traveler?
I am a beginner. Why does it appear there are not Bmajor or Fmajor chords?
Are there any specific criteria for notating guitar sheet music particular to the guitar?
What Vocal Exercises Should I do?
doubling trumpet and sax - fingering confusion
Set delay so the played notes appear to be "doubled"
Help! I need advice on how to adapt an arrangement
Em9-A-B progression - would you consider that a key change?
Why are humbuckers not skew?
How to reproduce the "pumping" effect on a live drum kit
Is two singing voices occasionaly being unison "allowed"?
Please help - am I holding the guitar correctly?
Song is described as C# is this C# major, minor or?
Keyboard or piano or guitar which could be the best instrument to sturdy
How to play the sustain pedal and rests (piano)
How to arrange a solo and a chord sequence?
Why is piano the instrument all music students are expected to have some competency in?
Good books for learning how to play the Baroque flute?
Roman numerals analysis
How can a cello soloist practice projecting over orchestra?
Transposing notes from piano notation to play on guitar
What key could the progression Dmaj7-Amaj7-A6-Esus4-E be in?
unable to tune the acoustic guitar
Could you please advise some piano scores and exercises for extreme finger stretch for a middle-size hand?
Plugging an Active Bass into M-Audio Profire
Violin, cello, quietly, lessons
Typeset whole note as full measure in 6/8 time in Lilypond
Distinction between same notes played on different strings
confused about modes and the proper way to use them in my playing
Grace notes different to normal notes under sustain pedal
Mixed triplets and ordinary notes
Save Tonight - sounds wrong
After singing, how long do you remain warmed up for?
What is the style of song in this video and where can I find the entire version?
Can I use a DI Box to practice guitar without an amp?
Is there a tuning that gives open Maj7 chords?
Crossing fourth over fifth finger
I've played piano for three years and have never seen this symbol above a note, what is it?
Young string student
Is there room for an electric guitar in Superstition (Stevie Wonder)?
What is the term for singing around a stable tone?
Does the guitar's bridge affect the tone?
Is my fingering correct for F major scale?
Confusion about using scales and modes together in a solo?
Is the zoom H4n a good option for chamber music?
Hum or solfege for ear training
Why do artists not release backing tracks, instrumentals, and acapellas in their singles?
How to play piano with both hands?
How to play power chords without fretting hand getting tired?
What are best practices surrounding polymetric music notation?
Why are major and minor harmonies multiple orders of magnitude more common than modal harmony?
Using coconut oil for electric guitar fretboard?
Why do we not see Stratocasters with Floyd Rose tremolos?
Tired mouth after practicing blues harmonica
What is different in double bass bows with black hair?
Is there a map of culturally popular time signatures by region?
How long to wait to play guitar again?
How do I play these notes from Ólafur Arnalds' Romance?
Choosing common time or alla breve
Free software to create a score from scratch
Guitar Input Problems
Need help figuring out the key of this melody
Adjusting a string saddle back, making the string longer, reduce sharpness or increase it?
c#-minor Vs E-major for Moonlight Sonata
How would this woodwind's shape affect its sound?
Inversions of Pitch Class set prime numbers
Is the usage of scales (modes) in jazz music common practice?
What's the name of this brass instrument?
How to translate from Scientific Pitch Notation to Lilypond absolute octaves in a concrete key?
Is it common for an orchestra to have 5 string double basses?
While transposing a note from one key to another, how to know the correct octave
Electric guitar amplifier works with headphones but not without
What's the effect of playing with high action?
How to keep music books open?
How does the tonic solfa work in minor keys?
Is microphone useful when singing pop for a small audience?
Why are certain scales considered unstable?
Electric guitar noise gate pedal
Fixing an old piano
Why would food or drinks affect the vocal folds?
The "And of 3" in Robert Cray's song "Will You Think Of Me"
Why is this conductor holding a toothpick?
Are magnets really harmful for guitar pickups
What is this trumpet attachment called?
What are common scale patterns for the cello?
How does a keyboard help in a band?
Is it possible to create an effects loop with an amp that does not have send and return, with a mixer?
Piano chord made of 2 notes an octave apart
Having trouble locking into another drummer's groove while playing rhythm guitar and singing
Baritone vs Seven String
Brand new bass, annoying fret buzz
what type of guitar scale is this?
My acoustic guitar strings won't play when I touch them?
Guitar tuning to a different key question
Could I turn a bass guitar into a large ukulele?
Tune to a recording
Can a tune written for 3/4 time be played in 4/4 time?
stage monitors as stereo speakers?
Right Hand Picking Technique of Strummed Octaves
Guitar tuning: Facing problems with High E string
Extreme difficulty matching a piece to the metronome (piano)
How to avoid unwanted scratching/squeaking/hissing noise from the fretting hand when playing hi-gain electric guitar?
My guitar is tuned half step down how can I play along a standard tuned song?
Is a wind-string instrument (such as the one I will explain) acoustically possible?
Can phantom power pass through a compressor?
Fitting melodies to beats!
Liszt's B minor sonata crescendo
Lowered or drop tuning interchangeability
What is the difference between a soprano and a mezzo soprano
Musicology of Melody
Violin too small for daughter?
How can I perform this cornet passage?
How do you flatten a pure fifth by a fraction of the syntonic comma?
Is it an advantage for the headstock geometry to minimize the string deflection between slot and tuning peg?
Explain relation between EWQL,Vienna Symphonic Library and FL Studio
Ableton Live 9 missing resources
Lyrics for additional verses in LilyPond?
Choosing Drum Sticks as per size and wood
Question about practice
What is a "stunt guitarist"?
What musical instruments JS Bach owned and had purchased during his career?
Simple one-channel audio-interface plus analog mixer, or multi-channel USB audio interface?
Jazz playing chords in lead sheets
What do the ratios of the partials in inharmonic spectra deviate from?
What types of hardware am I looking for to use my midi controller with a PC?
What type of microphone is this?
Terminology queries
My amp sounds bad on overdrive channel at headphones
How do I find out my voice type?
Guitar pup problems
Would it be better to learn songs rather than learn chords
Traits of calypso music?
electroacoustic guitar sound problem
Transformative vs Generative in Algorithmic Composition
Why D sharp not E flat in Turkish March
Stage presence for a keyboard player
Phantom Power supply or usb audio interface?
A seriously difficult question about mistakes and intepretation of music
Hercules DJ Console RMX w/o Software = Brick?
Are metal steel strings OK for classic violin?
Calculating the 'Tonal Center of a Musical Key
Soloing / leads over chord progression with vi chord a major 7th?
Harmonic implications of an instrument's timbre
Is F Lydian mode in the "key" of C Major?
Front coil vs rear coil in humbucker
Sound card for both recording and listening
Tension for nylon strings on Lyre
Loosened the acoustic guitar strings
Odd question for our music producers
7th chord notation confusion
Musicians Unions In The Modern Day
How to play two simultaneously notes on the bass guitar?
How do you modulate between modes?
Recommended fingering for Hometown Glory
Why is a major second not called a perfect second?
Guitar-usb interface vs External sound card (very low budget)
Automated way to recognize musical key given chords?
How are stacatto and tied notes interpreted?
Alternative to the acoustic drum
Reaper GUI dissapearing
What's the name for the style of jazz piano with slow rhythmic chords in the left hand
What instrument can help increase your lung capacity and vocal projection?
Alesis DM Lite to Presonus 1818vsl
Grand Audio Engineering/Mixing and Mastering Course?
How to reduce tape hiss while recording a cassette tape with digital data as source
How to make ambient tropical music in Ableton Live 9?
Ukulele friction pegs are slipping
Alternate double palm mute picking between notes
Is I-V-vi-IV not tonal compared to passamezzo moderno/antico?
Perfecting accents in Chopin's Impromptu
Difference Ars Antiqua and Ars Nova?
Does a key signature remain the same after a clef change?
Piano: grand staff with two treble clefs. Where to place hands?
A weird form of Anacrusis
How do I play this 8th note triplet?
Untrained bass range
Singing well: mind or muscle?
Do capable harmony singers sing in just intonation or tempered tuning?
Did baroque composers think of ritardando on their compositions?
Why is this minor subdominant chord being used in a major key?
What is the difference between grouping overlaps and elisions?
Alternative to Cooke's Piano Fingerings for F# Major Arpeggios
Garage Band: how to have a drummer play only a steady snare drum on all the eighth notes?
Is the history of scales in Cooke's "Mastering Scales" an accurate history?
Low tuning recording
Does a chord imply a change in the key signature?
Right or wrong syncope
Understanding MIDI text files fields and form
Fast note progression - Terminology
What is the job title of someone who comes up with lyrics and a beat, but not instrumentation?
Piano vs Guitar Strings? Tension vs length?
Is it possible to play Jordan by Buckethead without kill switch?
How do I play chords silently with a plectrum?
How to indicate 'pianist fill in rest of the chord' given highest note and chord?
How long for uke strings to stretch?
In what octave am I supposed to play a chord progression?
Why do I get electric shock from my guitar when I touch the floor?
Should my fret be buzzing on my recently bought guitar?
guitar beginner level - chord voicings
Why does rock music use higher fret alternatives on guitar?
Piano rhythm patterns
Musescore - how to add general MIDI sound?
How does the song feature work on the Casio CTK keyboards?
Understanding the physics of bridge pins (ukulele)
Jazz flute - correct way to fall-off?
Playing barre chords without E strings - does it have a name?
Where does the tradition of bowing after a performance come from?
Is it feasible to modify a combo-amp so the line-out doesn't silence the speaker?
Need advice on the composing process
How to practice solfege?
Piano methods (classical) that address musical meter specifically
Piano Sheet Music in Each Key
Clef between a beam? proper notation?
Struggling to switch chords when fingerstyle / arpeggio
Difference between a ride and a crash/ride cymbal
Is it more difficult to learn to play mandolin after learning guitar than if starting from scratch since the tuning is opposite?
What is a D/A Chord?
Is this a tie or a slur or something else?
Numbering measures in pieces with first/second endings and Codas
Using a tremolo stompbox between the swell pedal and the synth?
Fauxbourdon in minor - examples from actual compositions
When to level/replace frets on an electric guitar?
How to play bends with vibrato on electric guitar?
How is it that 12 eighth notes fit in a measure labeled as common time?
Should I sing do re mi when playing piano?
What does "cut. S. D." Mean in sheet music?
Finale: How can I enter triads using only the keyboard with Speedy Entry?
Using a microphone through a guitar amplifier
How to notate a drowsy feel for a piece of music and a yawn for a note?
In a 3/4 piece, how would I score a single 4/4 bar where each beat is a triplet?
Help Tabbing Short Guitar Segment
How to transcribe Indian classical music using Western music notation?
Do I need an amp for my guitar if I have an audio interface?
What is the name of these tubes, that emit sound when being swung?
Is it possible with any recording software to snap to quarter notes when recording from MIDI keyboard?
Is there a name for the sound of a performer physically interacting with their instrument?
Why is this stripe (or N) used to display a crotchet rest?
Size of an unmarked mouthpiece (bass trombone)
Any information on this tease of a fugue in Beethoven's Hammerklavier?
How does one project well when singing in the low range of their voice?
Gregorian modes in Renaissance music (with Cabezón's 'Tiento del Cuarto Tono' as an example)
Why do guitar transducers howl when run through guitar pedals?
Why do my monitors make this popping/cracking sound?
Guitarists: Back Pain After a Gig
How can I learn to recognize intervals larger than an octave?
How to approach absolute pitch recognition: compare to the remembered reference or to assign special pitch quality to the note?
Using pedal switch in Ableton
How to approach learning long complex piano scores without the instrument?
Is there any evidence that JS Bach, A Vivaldi and J Handel had perfect pitch?
Why are violin string so expensive?
Is there a specific name for music that sounds like it has no rests?
How to play a Bbmaj13(#11) guitar chord?
Is this old, possibly Musima classic guitar worth keeping?
Can a symphony be in many keys?
Tonality of a song given some chords
Running out of fretboard
Is it possible to tune a short scale (22.4") acoustic guitar up to ADGCEa with 10-47 strings?
Why does the octave number change between B and C?
Mark Levine the jazz theory versus the jazz piano book
Formula to adjust a note by cents
How can we sing in tune, given a perfect ear for music, if we always hear ourselves lower than we actually sound?
Puzzled on this use of the double treble cleff arrangement
Solfege - Fixed Do versus Movable Do
Is this a C chord or an Em chord?
Diminished and augmented key signature
Is a guitar cover the music of the song combined with the notes of the singer singing?
Trombone to Voice
Recording Black Metal
Do composers generally have a "logic" for motivic motion?
How do I figure out whether rhythms have beats with 2/3-1/3 splits or 3/4-1/4 splits?
Why are the black keys on some ancient fortepianos now white on modern pianos?
Glissandos in Prokofiev's Piano Concerto No.3 Mov.3
Definition of Sonority for Flutists
How can I represent this measure in MuseScore?
"crescendo" vs hair pin
Is there such a thing as an electric-ONLY acoustic guitar?
Harmonizing All Music with the I,IV and V Chords?
Collaboration. Is there a site in the that allows musicians to find and work with each other on compositions?
Chord Progression: I iv bVI V
Beginnging Music Theory - What are scales and why should I learn them?
Software for typesetting and playing free time music
Are these "power chords" in a classical composition?
Fermata until note fades away
How to analyze a chord from Beethoven sonata no 8 (Pathetique)
What's the term for rapidly blending two pitches a single time in a beat?
Switching Handedness on Guitar
How common is to use the pitch correction (autotune) effect for vocals?
Playing a C major scale in thirds using both hands
Why some audio cables are so dramatically more expensive than others?
Selecting bars vertically in Sibelius
Is there a term in Western music theory for the underlying mood of a music genre?
Modern convention for writing raised sixth in figured bass?
How to select the first beat in bar using Sibelius?
Finger strengthening Exercises
Playing super fast on the piano
Will a song written in a key only use chords in that key?
Location within form
What does Garrick Ohlsson intend to say, in his explanation of Chopin's Piano Concerto #1 (op 11) as easier than #2 (op 21)?
Why do these chords use the first fret if there is a capo on the second fret?
Getting back to the Piano
How can A minor key have a sharp chord in it?
How to play repeating chords fast on piano
What does a straight line connecting notes on different clefs mean?
How to get a louder voice - layman
Transposing song that contains notes/chords outside the root key to a new key
Transposing on a Yamaha PSR-180
Alternatives to standard western notation geared towards composers?
1 of 4 power tubes went bad; buy a matching quartet or replace the one?
Numbering notes instead of giving them letter names
How to play rapid 32nd notes
Difference between Rjct-T and Mask-T in electronic drum trigger settings — Millenium MPS 600
AP Music Theory
Bass Guitar rasgueado?
Breathing when singing (inhalation timing)
How I create fingerpicking arrangements from songs?
How can you definitively and scientifically test mouthpieces?
How can I determine my voice class?
Well Tempered Clavier Prelude in C minor fingering
Right-handed newbie with dodgy left index finger tip (knuckle) - What to do?
What can I do to help my guitar student get off the ground faster?
What to use for Electric Upright Bass Amplification?
Representing the snapping of the damper pedal to create an ambient tone in sheet music
Amp modeller that exists in a computer program?
Two simultaneous notes for singing?
How do you control hum without humbuckers?
What is the 'head' in this song?
Standing up acoustic guitar playing position for women
Why some instruments have binding around the neck and/or body while some do not?
How does "Music Theory" all tie together?
Guitar intonation problem
What is the basso continuo numbering of the inversions of a dominant seventh chord?
What basics should I know to accompany on piano?
Changing the key of a track without changing the speed of a track
How to pronounce chord numbers
What is the difference between the Circle of Fifths and the Camelot Wheel?
I need help figuring out some of these note values for my sequencer
Playing guitar with two identical strings
Easy to learn Augmented and Diminshed Shapes
Playing Over Changes and Substitutions
How to approach learning and playing Chopin Etude Op 10 No.11?
Digital pianos and/or midi keyboards with narrower keys
How many dots do I need to denote a staccato of a chord with notes really close to each other?
Fingering for some arpeggios on piano (Final Fantasy prelude)
Theory of country music vocal harmonies
Harmonic analysis of "Walk this Way" by Aerosmith
Guitar training issues
Music performance - finger dexterity with rest/exercise
Jazz Drumming - What is the drummer (Art Blakey) tapping on?
Would piano or accordion be easier for me as a guitarist?
What's this horizontal bar notation in liturgy called?
Odd Meter Transcription Practices
How to improve run on guitar
How to get frequencies for the major and minor Pentatonic scales
What to do when you get lost in a jazz song?
Harmonize any scale. Is there a rule?
Muscle Memory and age
The proper technique involved when playing above and below a basic scale C to C and hand independence
How can I force LilyPond to repeat a clef on every line of the score?
How can I improve on playing my piece of music?
is my sight reading approach correct
Songs with off-beats?
What does "Time on" mean in the context of a Lead Sheet?
What is the interval between two enharmonic notes?
Musical sound production mechanisms
How to set tempo in LMMS?
What's the difference between bass and guitar heads?
Why do guitar amps only use one type of speaker cone?
Learning the cello with limited money and not much help
Fingering convention
Guitar notes on the Staff
I have a Guitar with bridge without Pins. How can I change strings?
How can I overcome '8va' for a few notes?
Is there another way to go through keys instead of 4ths or 5ths?
Lilypond to MusicXML to Sibelius
What is a definition of "oscillator" that is suitable for all musical instruments?
What is the best way to indicate the splitting up of chords on one staff between both hands?
Are there any function modulators/synths?
Advice on how to keep learning while away from a piano
Noise with fender hot rod deluxe 112
Thumb position when soloing (or performing scales) on electric guitar
Horizontal centering of staffs in Lilypond
How do guitar notes relate to chords?
Why are Clavichords Keys Diagonally Shaped?
Why are guitar fret boards wider at the 12 fret than at the nut?
instruments you can make at home
Connecting multiple instruments into 2 headphones?
How to select custom bars using Sibelius?
I would like to study classical guitar again
Why is there a natural accidental on this C?
half note and eighth note stems for voice parts
Learning my first instrument
Trumpet transitioning notes
English Horn correcting flat G-Flat
Cheap way to make sound from a MIDI keyboard, without PC
Is there a technical name for a piece of music played as alternate style?
English name for 3-tone chords that have the bass tone different from the root
How are three input speakers wired?
For a guitar player, does jazz music demand more technical skills than blues one?
Really bad amp distortion
Why does my guitar tuner say second string is G, not B?
How to do vibrato on the saxophone?
Best system to store sheet music when in use
Why is the last string on a guitar called the first string and the first string called the sixth string?
Flute Best method to tongue
When writing a melody, is the scale used determined by the current chord playing (in the chord progression) or by the song's key as a whole?
How Common Are the Trumpet in C and Clarinet in A?
How to clean up, shrink, or move Reaper undo files?
Why does most "Country" Music use mostly major and minor plain simple chords?
How to connect a Shure SM58 to a mac? Do I need something like an XLR-USB adapter or just an XLR-jack cable?
Performing a song with changed lyrics -- is it a cover or remix?
Mac USB to XLR output?
What is the most effective, structured way for an adult beginner to learn drums without a teacher?
Does anyone have any sources I could use to talk about who influenced Bach?
What parts of instutional education does a non-institutional student miss?
Mapping MIDI controllers to Hammond B3 plugin
Is there a term for chords like F/G and C/D?
What is the interval from C double flat to E double sharp called?
How to understand chords in first inversion with notes out of order
What first to put in effect chain (order from guitar cable input) -- distortion or effect processor?
Seeking alternative practical learning methods for piano if I only want to play for fun
Electric Guitar Jack: How To Get A Nice Fit
What is the chord: B F# A
Why do A/B/Y boxes commonly use AND and OR instead of two toggle buttons?
Cadences for Modes
Finger issues right before exam
Digital touch sensitive keyboard just for learning new music
Any recommended plan, sequence, methodology on self-learning the vocal effects?
What is Capital H Looking Symbol on score?
How do I train my singing voice to sound exactly or almost exactly like someone else's?
What is the proper self-learning path for music composition?
Possible to theoretically construct chords just by studying musical notations?
Should I connect top melody of Moonlight Sonata 1st mvmt using my fingers?
How does the choice of strings impact sound and playability?
'+1' sign in guitar tab
Setup for multiple sources
How to take care of a microphone?
What is the term for a chord change from 0-5-7 to 0-4-7?
Modulating from key Gm to key Bbm
What does the key of a song mean?
Making guitar pro usable on a 4k monitor
Guitar Buzzing on Chords. Is this Guitar Problem or Mine?
Plastic ring on bow?
Difference voices using same unison note
Why do these two guitar notes create a warble sound?
How to play faster notes in the violin
Finger picking on a acoustic steel string
Singing Evolution: could I ever achieve the voice I want?
What is a chord in terms of frequencies?
What do you use to remove a potent allergen from a classical guitar?
What are inexpensive alternatives for bass notes in a handbell choir piece, for which we don't have bells?
Slide guitar tuning
Musical "ellipsis mark" (name & usage of this symbol)
How to identify a key given a certain chord progression
Notehead or note head?
Why saxophone is so common in Jazz Music?
Tenor recorder - Cannot reliably play middle C
Is there a word for drum beats that sound like a heartbeat?
What factors should be considered when planning a recital program
How to play 2 against 3 polyrhythm evenly?
bV substitution in ii V I
Heavy but silent acoustic drumming
Practice chord progressions along with scales?
Guitar String Width for Fender CD-60CE Dreadnought
Can you input a MIDI keyboard directly into a computer
Move a trill into the stave
George Russell Lydian chromatic concept
How can I improve my interpretation of rhythm and percussion?
Changing a song's key vs. changing chord voicings
Can a tuplet apply to a fraction of a beat?
Russell Lydian chromatic (again)
Why does the Toy Dolls guitar sound so happy?
What note should I start singing with if I'm in a certain key?
Fluidity exercises for beginning guitar
What is the finger technique for harmonium?
Can I re-string my 12 string guitar with strings of different octaves?
Inputting note durations in real time in a music notation program
Ponticello notation in Guitar Pro 6
Notation for note decaying slowly
What does mod wheel on MIDI keyboard do?
Is there a way to change the key press threshold on a MIDI keyboard in Logic pro?
vocal software for singing in tune
Is there any rules to choosing appropriate drum pattern for a melody?
How do I to calculate note's frequency using no intervals?
Pan flute with PVC pipe
Augmented 6th chord in Haydn String Quartet op.74 no.3, II
How to improve jerky bowing on the violin
Recognising notes being played on an instrument
Yamaha Bass keys accompaniment in Ableton live
How to recreate the intro guitar sound of Rhythm of Love - Plain White T's?
Keyboard shortcut for selecting a whole chord in Sibelius
Mixer vs JamHub?
Whats the fastest way for a beginner to learn a song
Speakers hissing sound and scratches when connected to PC, while working well on other devices
What are the avoid notes for exotic scales in jazz music?
Playing guitar with only three fingers
Best Way to "Learn" Jazz Piano
Useless natural accidental?
Hearing a click track above an orchestra
Continuous Music Theory
Amplification issues
Not-so-awkward body movement while playing violin
Creating conga part in lilypond
Playing what you hum or whistle on the violin
How to form specific arpeggios when in a certain key?
Problem playing things that I come up with
How to give music a sense of "musical direction"?
What does the compound time require to be?
Best guitar alternate tuning to start with when playing one's own music
What do "Brilliance" and "Ambience" mean?
What is a rational rhythm?
How do you notate vocables?
How do you figure out a chords name?
What is the main difference between Korg Korg Pa4X and Korg Pa4X Musikant?
How much should you practice singing?
What does the music notation "/ / / /" mean in a music drum score?
What is the proper name for a sequence of durations?
C# in the key signature
How to play these slash chords (piano)?
electric guitar, no noise for family
What is the unit for sound intensity?
A scale question
Can I learn violin without a teacher?
If we get rid of all accentuation elements in a score, is what remains still music?
Heard song with wrong timing
Vocals on guitar
What key contains the chord progression C, Fm, Bb? Or is it multiple keys?
Chord with no match to the tones in the song
Voice leading/resolution of consecutive secondary dominant 7ths
Which (apparently keyboard) instrument is this?
Schoenberg's Hexachord decoded
Does the old Druid song, Les Series, have an ancient melody as Villemarque charted it?
music sheet with more then 1 Ledger line?
Incorrect piano learning style?
Changing drum layout in GarageBand
Tonality and Rules
What is good fingering for these piano note sequence?
What does "gliss 2x" mean here?
Criteria when selecting keyboard for piano learning
How can I hear what a mathematical function sounds like?
Are ties necessary?
What is Tanam in Music?
Triplets against twos in Bach's music
Easy Way to Generate Chromatic Pitch Shifts for Many Audio Samples
I want to know about this guitar. it's real yamaha product or fake?
How to approximate bowed sound on guitar
Vibrato on the viola
What does an apostrophe on top of a note mean?
What is this extension on the scroll of a double bass?
Throat gets itchy when singing loud
Are sharp keys "bright" and flat keys "dark"?
What do you work on to get more confident, stay relaxed and play consistently?
Is it possible to upgrade entry level guitar to a professional one?
Sending microtuned MIDI notes to audio software
Whether to change a piano teacher
What does the +3 mean in G7+3?
Diminished second and NCTs
Upside-down down bow
Gaspard de la Nuit: Scarbo fingering
If I only care about playing, is high end home digital piano better than high end stage digital piano?
Tuning of Accidentals & Scales
MIDI Keyboard controller and Windows Tablet
Changing songs' chords to Arpeggios
Dropping the 5th degree and counting a C♯Dom7
Learning to play multiphonics on a brass instrument
What note values cannot be represented in conventional notation?
Is it possible that a music piece written in a "flat key signature" contains sharp-accidentals (and vice versa)?
How to learn to play bass guitar from chord sheets as a rhythm guitarist?
How are notated the sequences of durations (13/27, 1/27, 13/27) and (4/81, 259/1296, 1/1296)?
Is there a simple way to transpose a song from one key to another? What is the methodology?
What makes graduate-level music theory different from undergraduate-level music theory?
How does the guitar demonstrate volume?
Chord name does not match the notes it's written above
connect audio interface to amp's power amp
Chopin 2nd sonata 1st mvt: left hand fingering
Why (Occidental) conventional rhythm notation became conventional?
Triangle above note, with dot in it
Why have I never found any music written in the key of C Sharp Major?
Why do we list the key signature when listing a music piece?
Compositions or songs written for black keys only
How to know which fingers to use to play songs?
What are the pentatonic scale fingering for piano?
Why is the key of C the one key with no sharps or flats?
Is it possible to tune guitar down an octave?(or to f#?)
How to play the piano using less than ten fingers
Was Bach the first to use thumbs on a keyboard?
Layering multiple instruments
A (440 Hz) and A (880 Hz) are completely different sounds to me. Does this mean I'm tone deaf?
How do I count this?
A-minor scale has different notes when descending
Why do the notes of Melodic-Minor Scale change when you play it in descending order?
Guitar music, notes on different strings
Origin of the Backbeat
Singing with allergies and asthma?
What is the meaning of this squiggly vertical line symbol in guitar tablature?
What type of soundproof setup would I need to have band practice without bothering the neighbors?
Using digital piano as MIDI keyboard in Reaper
What does it mean when there is a letter c in front of the tempo on a score?
Harmonising cadences given the bass line. When and when not to use inversions?
Midi out from a keyboard to PA on a budget?
Asio4all: Simultaneous output on two devices possible?
Chord progressions
How many (parallel) harmonies can we have in a song without one harmony being an octave apart from another?
Drum set/Cymbal repair
Playing arpeggio on black notes with white note third
How to understand 20th-century pop music as evolution of classical harmony
Stretching for a guitar intro
Why would a conductor use a pen to conduct?
How do I learn this Peruvian technique?
Should I get a 12 hole or 16 hole chromatic?
Roman Numeral Notiation - Chords not in the key
Is this chord progression in A minor, or C major?
Do I need a guitar cabinet in addition to an amplifier head for performing with a PA?
The last note and only the last note!
Is there a dynamics equivalent of the marking "a tempo"?
Would the induced tension be approximately equal on an acoustic guitar for electric and acoustic strings of the same gauge?
Teaching using the Piano Adventures series
How to properly play with the metronome when practicing Hanon exercises and scales on the piano?
Chord progression analysis
Can someone help me with the counting of this piano piece please?
What is the difference between Taktteile and Taktglieder?
Can someone please tell me why there are 5 different patterns to Penatonic scales
Piano Conductor & Accordion Guide
What is a good way to choose syllables for an acapella arrangement?
Where does a "cresc. " begin (end)?
How to conduct rehearsals in a small band?
How to correctly invert non-compound greater-than-octave intervals?
Tool to quickly (automatically) get measure count of a score
What kind of violin is good for a beginner?
Music theory - transposing
Positioning pinky while playing guitar
Third Degree On Major
How many sharps in G Dorian Minor?
How to determine which Note is Scale Degree 7 in a key (for example, A Major)?
Guitar Tablature: "bis" meaning
Changing Violin tab to Guitar tab
Changing Violin notation to Guitar notation or tab
In musicology, what is a key profile?
Is it possible to add the same note with different accidentals in Guitar Pro 6?
Why is it called the chromatic scale?
Does mac os add 20 ms latency to midi?
Scale Shapes NOT Patterns
Guitar amp FX loop noise
Music notations of sounds, from harmonica?
How should I tune a 12 string acoustic guitar?
"Adaptive band" type software to accompany solo practice and jam sessions
PhotoScore and AudioScore is grayed out.
Hungarian Rhapsody no.12
How to approach learning another guitarists solo?
Wind instruments and sharp keys
How to make a dal capo/segno include repeats?
How is this electric guitar tuned?
C6 chord followed by Am7
Chord transitions
Communities for discussing harmonic analysis
Left hand training for right handed guitar players - to improve coordination.
What is the name of the object on the strings of the violin behind the bridge
Problem with choosing the right string gauge - switch from medium to extra light?
Is there any classical precursor to boogie woogie?
What is the relation between key and 'feeling' of a song?
Connecting two mixers
Analysis of Scarborough Fair
Ring finger stability when playing barred A chord on Guitar
What's this drum symbol (X with line in the middle without tail)
Second hand piano is out of tune by a whole tone
Haydn sonata Landon 1
What is the most useful or easier synth software to play on stage with a controller
How to notate different composers in different sections of a piece?
Why is my choir director telling a bunch of rednecks to drop their Rs as though they were Londoners?
How to get used to an F attachment? (trombone)
How to make a more "mature" trombone sound?
Guitar Amp head or separate preamp and power amp?
What are harmonics in electric gutiar pickup tone characteristics
What causes pain in my left wrist after extended violin sessions?
Why do my calluses have dimples?
What is the difference between Fender and Squier guitars?
What is the Jhaptal equivalent tal name in Carnatic
Can you play two guitars through the same amp?
Cheap electric guitar - fix or replace?
A question on Staccato in the end of a slur (piano playing)
Extra measures above staff in Hungarian Rhapsody No. 6
My guitar gets out of tune after 1 minute
How to prevent the extra tone from the upper part of the guitar
Is playing fingerstyle really hard?
Analysis of Greensleeves
String vs Percussion - What is a Piano?
How do I notate a 'wailing' sound?
How do I play a difficult song with chords my fingers cannot reach?
Is it possible to learn music theory with MuseScore?
keyboard instrument with only some of the black keys
Why is the ribbon controller on the Otamatone not linear?
Theory of scales in piano improvisation
Do great singers primarily listen to themselves through ears, or through bone conduction, or mixture of the two? What source of feedback do they use?
Is there a single word to describe the loudest point in a musical composition?
How can a 59/48 time signature be counted?
Muting strings while bending
Creating music tracks from samples in ableton live
Can I use Keyboard amps for live monitoring?
Self-learning how to play the piano
What are the different types of Electric pianos?
Why do we remember music better?
Why does my amp sound better when I am not standing directly in front of it?
Why is it so uncommon to see electric basses with flat fretboards?
A sound effect on the acoustic guitar
i will give up , any suggestions?
Buzzing sound when switching between chords
Arpeggio sequences
What effects must be placed before looper to sound properly
How much theory and how much transcribing?
How can I prevent clipping when using a microphone with a tube amp into a PA?
Convincing colleague that playing to a metronome is a good thing?
Need to listen to iTunes track and piano for learning
Could you have a minor chord in a Major scale song?
Guitar practice - Are you able to play chords with a pick?
Is there a note that stays the same?
How to play the bass and chord on piano?
FL Studio 12 - How To Create An Overlay (Double) Effect With Your Voice
Why do people sometimes write notes as E♯ or C♭?
One string on banjo not tuning properly
Should a beginner use simplified (easy) version?
Why rootless chords?
How to know which is a suitable octave?
How to write very high/low notes in G/F clef?
Piano key sustains without the pedal pressed
Adjusting the saddle
Whats are some ways of visualizing notes on guitar's fret-board if you come from piano background?
Re-setting up a guitar
How much of a solo by a great pianist is licks and how much is melodic innovation?
Does BOSS OS-2 / Behringer OD-300 really contain two effects?
Is there any free resource for learning Blues, Jazz?
Please explain hand rotation in playing the piano
How to use sound library from a yamaha keyboard
Composing a Piano sonata
metrical structure - levels of metrical grouping
High action VS Low action
Why top number of time signature/dividing music into bars is required?
Is to possible to translate any time signature to any time signature?
Connect a yamaha keyboard to ableton live
Differences between capos
Triad inversion question - How can I tell which one this is if I know the key?
Why would a piece start in G♭ Major then modulate to F♯?
What note is this? And how would I got about working out what note I have sung in the future?
Plucking classical and acoustic guitars
Should i play piano or violin?
The meaning of Coda
How to finger a piano piece?
Composers making translation errors in their Italian directions
Do classical musicians edit takes together?
What is the definition of a pad?
What is an X symbol appearing in a piano part?
Music Terminology: Difference between Additive and asymmetric?
How to make a muted key sounds by using pedals?
Why does my [stereo] electric Guitar recording sound hollow?
Why is a tenor banjo typically tuned in fifths?
Why is a plectrum banjo played with a guitar pick and not with finger picks?
Why do barre chords sound bad when I play them
How to apply the right amount of rosin to a bow?
Secondary dominant of a minor chord?
Should a song's meter be tied to the text, or the text-tune combination?
What is my voice type category in general?
Is this slide/shift slide?
It's possible to connect a usb midi controller into a midi synthesizer?
Can I Teach Myself to Play Guitar?
Which school is the school that Claude Debussy studied in?
What makes the same note sound different on different strings?
Learn music with odd rhythms
Tips for background piano playing
How to begin putting chords on variable melody?
Slapping Violin Strings with bow
Regaining piano skills
What key has the chords G, Dm, Bb, C and F?
Is humming good for the vocal cords?
How does improvisation in Indian ragas differ significantly from jazz melodic improvisation?
What are the earliest examples of chord tones like dominant sevenths and ninths being used?
Should i play left handed or right handed guitar?
Can an amplifier with only one output be wired in parallel?
Do I need to keep an electric guitar in a hard shell case if I'm not traveling?
How can I play my Venus Special without hurting my fingers?
How can I find a room suitable for writing, recording and rehearsing with a band?
What fingering to use for Ornithology on piano?
oil conditioner use inside sound box
How to convert a dotted quarter note tempo to BPM?
Why some guitarists add a plastic gizmo in the guitar's sound hole?
Is it a bad habit that I don't play guitar using my pinkie?
What are the rules of improvisation in Indian ragas?
Term for movements in a song?
What are the rules of improvisation in gamelan music?
what are the benefits of sound hole pickups?
Is It OK to use smaller gauge strings than those that came from the factory for an electric guitar?
Are there any fancy options for the "plain (unwound) strings"?
Have I blended my singing voice right?
What is the name of the (I think) Renaissance harmonic device used in choral music that sounds slightly odd today?
How do I get an emphasized "click" effect at the beginning of my guitar signal?
How do I make Timidity play MIDIs with only the sine wave instrument?
Key-agnostic voicing-based notation (piano)
Difference Between Cleveland and Eastlake Manufactured King Super 20 Alto Saxopone
Timed Cutout effect - Cubase
How to extend a pair of RCA cable and improve audio quality at the same time?
Can I create a Finale file that has no bar lines?
Tremolo picking, anchor palm or not?
Is there a name for this scale? (C Locrian with diminished 6)
Why do instruments have a key?
what's the difference between these two notations?
does everyone in the orchestra (or ensemble) play in the same key?
What is the length of the beat?
If I press C4, C5 and C6, is this a chord?
Choose a digital piano
A bright sounding piano or a mellow sounding one?
What is the difference between "Opus" and "Song Cycle"?
"∞-TET": Is there music that doesn't use discretely pitched notes?
Why should my band learn music theory?
Markings in Second Waltz by Dimitri Shostakovich
How is the cha-cha counted?
In a song, what helps people distinguish between the main melody and the harmony?
Fret buzzing sound
How can you distinguish instruments by their timbre characteristics?
Strum pattern v melody line?
What do Single brackets on notes in guitar music mean?
Why are concert bands the standard in U.S. public schools?
Choosing a flute for an adult beginner: Open or closed holes?
What is the difference between a prime order, tone row and serial, if there is one?
Continuing Piano without a teacher
From what guitar tuning downwards do you stop needing a bass player in a metal context?
Play MT 32 and DX100 from Win 10 computer
control arranger track cubase with MIDI
Can't find the mixer in the new version of TuxGuitar (v1.3.2)
Key signing using fingers
Swing feel - are triplets and 8th note notations rhythmically the same?
Delay Fuzz Guitar Tone
Trills in Bach with historical information
Effect of age on vocal range
Humidity rosin bowing problem?
How to align chords, melody and lyrics in LilyPond?
How do I know whether I feel head vibrations/sensations while singing?
How to compose for male falsetto?
Are parallel octaves okay in other styles of music?
Why do keyboards have the current configuration, based on Do scale?
does a 3-D printed plastic electric guitar, in comparison to a normal hardwood one, have more inferior tone, or other bad qualities?
Bass identification
Can the guitar be a "non-C" transposing instrument?
What are some methods of identifying old, cheap guitars?
Note question: Stravinsky Suite Italienne (Cello)
Key/Chord recognition using a computer
Why does e.g a C Major Chord sound different from a F Major Chord?
Is doubling the root when converting guitar chords to piano wrong?
Singing in an open voice?
Would I be a baritone or bass baritione if my vocal range is (C1)E1-A5?
Should I use inversion or root position?
How to record through a preamp
Can 2 Trumpet players be in a brass band?
How much power do I need to power my daisy chain
What are the things a vocalist or singer eat or drink to enhance voice
Merging several measures of score's part in LilyPond
How to set a simple song in lilypond with refrain
Orchestra recordings only in piano concertos
Is it possible to connect a 65 twin reverb reissue to an audio interface?
How do you come in at the right moment in a memorized performance?
guitar strings still hurt my fingers after 6 months of play
What equipment do i need to play and record live?
Is there a systematic way to identify the jaathi of a song in Carnatic music?
What is the best way to process vocals during live performance?
Can guitar hum possibly be due to a bad pickup
Aspiring Sound Designer should start where?
Has opera traditionally been enjoyed by aristocracy only or the masses too?
Cinematic/trailer heavy rhythm guitar sound
What is the motif used in many chaconnes in the 17th century?
How do you switch string at the same fret after bending?
Equipment for trombone live music show, with backing tracks
What to do when my composition has substancial similarity?
Why can I only reach high notes after an extended warm-up session?
Does REAPER support a 4K display?
The development of the musical staff: If and when did it have fifteen lines?
Performance: Better low end of eight string guitar
Is it possible that some people can play one instrument but not another?
What do I need to record an acoustic guitar?
Does this dectuplet make sense?
How do I find the chord progressions for sheet music?
Can we use scales that belong to the chord that is in the scale you planned your composition to be in?
How do I play this double bass part? (16th note + 3 grace notes)
How much Hanon?
Proper way to use a shield and ground-wire when rewiring a guitar
Tricks to unlearn chords learned by shape on the piano
Counter-example of counterpoint technique?
Do such chords exist?
Why do metal guitarists boost crunch channels on high gain amps?
How to best isolate a wall for piano practice?
Is it possible to play bongos on bed?
Head voice techniques for singing
Mastering carnatic gamakas (slides, deflections)
Mezzo soprano and Soprano difference
What is the correct way of learning sheet music?
In Cubase, why are my MIDI tracks' programs not independent?
How to notate triplets longer than 1 measure?
How to choose the right pick?
Get an electric guitar sound without an amp?
Are there any examples of music where each note in the piece is played by a different instrument?
Where should whole notes be drawn within a measure?
E Flat Major - Guitar chords in roman numeral notation?
attach tune-o-matic bridge electric Guitar
Should I play in a concert band or orchestra?
Fm7 Drop 2 1st inversion confusion
How can I make my own white dot inlays?
Finger tips getting hard, calloused
Does MusicXML support arbitrary text?
Ibanez Rg series lead guitar
Clicking sound when switching chords
Meaning of values for MIDI control change event
Playing concert barefoot
Rule of the octave for melody
My floyd rose is badly sharp on return
If E-G-C is first inversion, what is E-C-G?
Why are my fingers suddenly sluggish?
Should I learn guitar, harmonica, or violin first?
What are some tips for battling forearm fatigue for performing long passages of fast notes (keyboard)?
What exactly is a Major scale?
Exercises to improve guitar playing while singing at the same time
Role of muscle memory vs. ear-based micro-adjustments in non-fixed-note instruments
What does "of the first/second/third/etc. tone" mean in Iberian keyboard music?
Why do octaves sound equivalent?
What is the easiest way to get into the groove of holding the guitar neck correctly?
Acoustics of woodwinds with centered mouthpieces/openings
How to notate pickup measures in the middle of peices?
What Language Is Prevalent for Tempo/Mood Markings in Contemporary Music?
How to practice singing
Is a triangle okay for rock music?
Piano...JS Bach fan...he blows me away
Should i buy a midi keyboard or a standard keyboard to learn?
How does Indian and Western Musical contain Seven Notes ? Is it a Coincidence?
Digital piano sound fonts
Why do thicker guitar picks result in a darker tone color?
How to notate that a specific note be underlined in a piano chord?
Note errors in Ernesto Lecuona's Suite Andalucía (aka Suite Espanol)?
Physical fitness and musical performance
How do professionals think about notes/degrees/intervals while playing a melody
How Should I Extend My Range Higher As a Bass?
Can I teach other saxophone types?
Are there any wrong positions of last 3 fıngers while holding a drumstick?
How to notate that the hand should be lifted after playing a note?
Why does moving the rear of the tongue up towards the soft palate make it easier to hit high notes strongly?
Advice for figuring out unusual rhythms when composing
Improvising blues chords
Notate a chord with multiple extensions
What does this symbol represent? "x" with four dots
Tips for writing an aggressive/violent orchestral piece?
Are there scales and chord progressions particularly used in Rag music?
What Affects "Tonality" on a Violin
How to choose between different tabs/chords for the same song?
Can the melody have more than one note sounding at once?
Name for instruments that can only play one octave, vs one that can play many octaves?
How to improve/train my memory while playing long pieces on the piano?
Sheet music analysis of Hungarian Rhapsody 2; chords, note names, etc
Additional notes that are being played besides picked ones
Notes to be played together appear offset from each other
Fighting against the F Chord
Music software. Simultaneous start
How to fix Bias FX buzz?
Learning to free-form harmonise when singing
I've found the chords to Chicago by Meg & Dia but can't figure out the theory
What does "moderato" in the middle of a musical score mean?
Is a white Double Bass okay for practice?
How to switch quickly between two intervals on the piano
Help Reading Part of Sheet Music
Fermata over Rest
What is the relationship of the chords in the bridge section of the song Lenny
What is the difference between Gregorian chant and Gothic chant?
Why crescendo or decrescendo over one long note in piano music?
Can I use a BOSS Power Supply with a JHS Andy Timmons Drive Pedal?
Double tonguing on flute
How do I show phrase markings on a string quartet score?
Fingering for fast playing notes on the same fret, but different string
Record custom sounds for each key on a MIDI/USB piano
Parallel thirds (e minor) on piano
Experimenting with the pickups magnetic field to create new music /effects
How to notate extended vocal techniques (i.e. inhaling)?
How does one learn the different scale patterns that change when you change fret?
Is it possible to combine a guitar with a theremin cello in the same neck?
Is it right to play a triad left hand chord with fingers 4-2-1 on a piano?
Can I use general dynamic markings for an ensemble, and where do I put them on the score?
Is it possible to play instruments without being able to read music?
Which chord is Cm6?
ABRSM exams for adult beginners
Left and right hand playing same note on piano?
Why do guitarists re-fret their guitars?
Getting good tone on piano with guitar calloused fingertips
Grand staff with 2 bass clefs
Hack to improve amPlug2's battery life
What does the tempo marking "Andando" mean?
Blues scale in Ableton, anything in Logic Pro
Distinguishing head and chest voice?
Setup metrics for LTD Viper 50 electric guitar
How do I diagnose guitar effects pedal problems?
A visual indicator for counting bars in 4/4
How to play the same note on piano?
Fingering on Fantaisie-Impromptu
Should a new player start with flat or round wound strings?
Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 on Asus Chromebook C201
Is 31,250 kHz enough sampling rate for guitar effect
What should I consider when buying Bass pedals?
My guitar amp is buzzing
How to get good distortion sound with SS amp on clean channel with pedals
What is this double-note and how do you play it?
making different Guitar tabs for one song
Guitar scale position
Intonation problem: My 12th fret harmonic is on my 13th fret
Is the inversion of a third also a third?
Piano Technique when coming from an organ
Larynx raising when entering head voice
Pedaling in La fille aux cheveux de lin
Electronic drums, Ableton, Addictive Drums + additional audio source from laptop
What is the difference between parallel and series effects loop
Prominent examples of intervals being used together with their inversions in classical music
Create chords for alternate tuning?
Is there a reason instructors teach chords before arpeggios?
The term for voice effect in orchestral music
Is it possible to write a melody which can't be notated?
Why did Liszt change/add so much to his piano transcription of Danse Macabre?
What are the technical measures of a tenor recorder?
'True bypass' pedal doesn't allow signal to pass through when turned off
Three notes on the violin?
Tonal harmony: 18th century counterpoint vs. Accessible contemporary harmony and composition
Guitar Acoustic Best Practice for chords hand
What is the difference between tessitura and range?
how to learn mixing music
string grounding
How do I get a short snare sound?
How are sets of tunes, jigs, and reels named
Changing two or three bars an octave lower on Guitar
musical theory of lullabies
Choosing between accordion / bandoneon / concertina?
Can I record more than 2 tracks at once using a Behringer Q802USB?
What exactly is it that is so magical about rosin for a bow?
What does ø mean after a chord?
What is the difference between writing C#4 and C#11?
Walking bass for half-note chords?
Acoustic piano vs digital piano: is there any solid evidence for one being better than the other?
Recording drum machine and electric guitar on the looper during live performance
What key is this chord progression?
why do so many guitarists play on their right leg?
Should I warmup for every small session I play?
Piece of music suddenly drops an octave in guitar pro 6; How can I have it one octave higher?
Understanding the notes in the 4th measure of Moonlight Sonata
Notating rhythms in 6/8
What makes a composer decide between time signatures 3/4, 3/8, or 3/2?
How much time should be spent on vocal warm ups for children's choir?
Muting during tapping
How to do a Growl or Gargle-like sound
Can I change the tempo midsong in Bitwig?
Determining fingering for complex arpeggiations
Can i use a chord scale in key signature like CDEFGABC: A CHORD SCALE
Does anyone know the style of what beast boy is playing in the link?
What is bass and melody in music?
Violin String snapped, and so did spare. Will I damage my violin if I leave it with 3 strings?
Guitar Octave up and down
What is it called when the same melody is played by two different voices but not starting at the same time and on a different pitch?
Where to install a bridge in an electric guitar? (assuming the scale length keeps the same)
Do people who don't study modes improvise the same as those who do?
What do people mean when they ask me what the chord progression of a song is?
While tuning guitar, 1st string coming as 2nd string on tuner ? What do I do?
Why is the D string so loud compared the other strings on Violin (when doing pizzicato)?
What is the difference between C major and C Ionian?
What Semibreve, crotchet and minim Rests stands for
Harmonica beginner
Is "Polyrhythm" a melodic principle?
New guitar player- having trouble!
What's the difference between a tonal center and a guide tone?
How can I write a new melody to fit an existing song?
Acoustic violin vs electric violin?
Chromatic accordion: B or C system?
Why do I always sound better when I play violin with my teacher?
How to (true by pass) or switch on off your effects pedal board BOss GT100 to get original guitar amp sound
Getting Chopin Etude Op 10 no 1 up to tempo
Mists of Pandaria ambiguous and aggressive tonality
Hum from amp when strings left open
Theories of Orchestration
What is pitch spelling?
Are these C notes a slur or a tie?
Static noise with a USB MIDI controller
Why are eighth notes seemingly so important in bass guitar?
Muscle damage to left hand
Guitar Size or Technique?
Weird crescendo that looks different
Gym exercises for picking speed
Hearing both piano hands (MIDI), but only the right one is visible on Bitwig piano roll
Can a U-BASS be considered a serious bass replacement in a band?
PC Software for live performance
Traveler Guitar string loudness
Mic-ing up solid electric guitar
Can we use Line 6 Pocket POD on stage for live gigs?
Open chords with played strings marked x
Arpeggio superimposing is just for Major ii-V-i and Harmonic minor?
What does "sax loco" mean?
Difference in Holding 6 holes and 7 holes in Indian Bamboo Flute
Help with exporting in FL Studio?
Mixing and mastering at home
How to transcribe speech onto a musical instrument
Bitwig doesn't have ties in the imported Midi file
Ableton impulse drum rack switch
What is on the stereo output of a mixer if I'm recording with only one mic?
beats tempo relationship
What is the proper chord interpretation for the intro to Stairway to Heaven?
Time signature - How some pop songs can be counted in both 4/4 and 3/4?
Soloing in Harold Mabern's Edward Lee
Drum Machine / MIDI Controller Combos?
How do I use quartal chords on guitar on common chord progressions?
Cannot get Guitar Rig 5 sounds recorded into Ableton Live 9
Do the note positions on a U-bass correspond to a Bass guitar?
Synthesizer Sounds
How to interpret a finger slap notation on a guitar tab?
Why do almost all modern Classical Guitars use a slotted headstock?
Guitar finger style and strumming
Learn to play to piano notes
Best way to start playing guitar?
What is the purpose of slating a take when recording?
2nd and 3rd frets on G string are a bit higher
How to use sight-reading to develop improvisation skills
Harmonic Resonance and The Human Body
Piano no damping after transport?
Dissonant notes extremely panned - what is that I hear?
What is the exact usage of harmony?
Can 2 single notes be considered as cadence?
What's the best exercise to master 2-5-1 or cycle of 5ths on a chromatic accordion (B-system)
Matching time in an audio file to bars in sheet music
Playing one chord over another
Piano progress plan for adults
Time Signature of Shark Fin Blues
What does a mordent written to the left of a note mean?
record a feedback on amp via headphone (output) jack
How to advance to grade 1 after completing "easiest piano course"
What to mark on sheet music?
Is a slight amount of fret buzz acceptable when lowering the action on a guitar
Can I plug my guitar into my keyboard?
What is my voice type?
How can I straighten a violin tailpiece (and do I need to)?
fast staccato on same note for piano
Improving musical memory
What is the difference between "a lead guitarist" and "a solo guitarist"?
Do we need to sing a hip hop melody adhering to a scale/pitch?
Score for orchestra tuning
Diminished and augmented scales
Is it possible to add notes with inverted stems on the same beat in Guitar Pro 6
Changing electric guitar tuning heads
How to resolve a sus4 chord without returning to the triad?
Practice with amp sims
Do I have to be REALLY LOUD to get a full mixed/belted voice?
What's the name, and symbol, for the "normal" dynamic volume? (between mp and mf)
Why are the upper register C# and C-natural not the same as the lower register?
Recording Keyboard Output Using Audacity
How do you know if a song has triplets in 4/4 or if the tempo is 3/4?
how do you find time signatures which does not match 3 , 4 ,5 , 7 counts,etc ? Or Can some songs have no time signatures ?
Change chord degree
Is there any difference between glissando and shift/legato slide in guitar?
Do I have to be a virtuoso pianist to compose faster music?
How to reduce fretting hand fatigue?
Does the webbing seen in some trumpets change the sound?
Buying a dual purpose keyboard for learning kids + aspring eletronic music adults?
Other strings vibrating when playing pizzicato on Violin
Blues Scale Interval Structure
Playing something that should be Allegretto but played slightly slower
What methods are there of conveying oohs and aahs in notated vocal parts?
Kurzweil RE-210 Digital Piano
Is it necessary to include the anacrusis?
What do I look over when looking at sheet music?
Soloing on Scales
What is the term for a when a performance is technically correct but misses the overall vibe?
Why are my notes sounding so distinct and separate when I'm trying to play the Godfather theme on guitar?
How do you not get lost between measures?
Doom/Melodic Death Metal for electric guitar
Tips on entry level diminished scale ideas for soloing
Numerical chords
How to write a seventh chord inversion
Enharmonic equivalents to Ab besides G#
The clarinet, flute, trumpet and timpani
Why is my mixed voice raspy
Difference between 2 mono/stereo setup?
Correct way of notating syncopation
Effective Finger Sequence
Representation of a 5/16 note duration
In The Beatles song 'IF I FELL' there's a move to D9 chord, how does it relate to the major scale?
Should I change my guitar strings?
What is the earliest instance of a composer/theorist publishing an analysis of his/her own music?
open tunings for bass?
Reading music without an instrument
How is the "fuzzy" effect in Funk bass achieved?
How do I notate sharps in ABC notation?
Yawning while singing
Connecting a Keyboard to Record in Audacity
Guitar Tab Book
Counting Demisemiquavers (32nd notes)
Acoustic fingerstyle uneven sound
Violin bowing techniques
Is it normal for an Oud/Lute not keeping in tune?
Finger positions when playing guitar by ear
What does the pre shape, and EQ In/Out buttons do on my guitar?
Is olive oil good for oiling a guitar fretboard?
Weird and Irritating Problem With My 3rd Finger in Piano Performance
Modal approach to soloing over this piece?
Can I set up my electric guitar with a 11-14-18-38-49-64 string-gauge set up? Could that damage my guitar?
Jazz chords: left hand fingerings
Clavinova CVP-107 Keyboard repair
Fundamental and In-Depth Music Theory for an Absolute Beginner
Working with Secondary-Dominants
Are there digital keyboard that will play music I write on the computer?
Is it possible to run the Steinberg UR 12 with passive studio monitors on cinch outputs?
Reading music - Ballade No.1 in G minor opus 23
Music Selections for Auditions
Can an old "stereo mike mixer" be used on a computer?
Quick Beat Identification. Method or Software
Diminished Scale Piano Fingering
Dominant Chord in minor key
Any pointers on how to convert 4/4 to 3/4?
Why does violin sound differently after playing on it for some time?
What does a circle under the head of a note in flute mean?
What's the difference between Audio Monitors and Speakers?
Skip a note during a first repeat?
Liszt Campanella tricks or exercises
Is there a name for the points on the body of electric guitars?
Guitar Computer Setup
I have no experience and want to start creating relatively simple music, does this seem like a good way to get going?
What does this piano chord notation mean?
How can you be sure your teacher-to-be is an accomplished musician?
How to make that sound effect
Do modes exist in the harmonic / melodic minor scales?
What is the key for "Purple Haze"?
Do Scale Shapes change with different tunings?
Transitive property of harmony feeling
How is the tempo and time signatures related?
How does Mark Knopfler do muting?
How can i know the scale of a instrumental?
What does this marking that simply says 'tempo' imply?
Are fast chord changes about muscle memory or finger strength?
Help with singing voice
weird intonation problem on the highest string
What is a 5/2 chord?
What does this drummer use to get this electronic sound
Are instruments in a symphony grouped by the composer and are chords localized there?
Harmonium (Indian accordion) Synth, Sound design
I want to play music on my phone through my audio interface to my speakers. Is that possible?
What is the tonic of a musical mode?
Getting the right balance of frequencies in mix
Key of a Song in Modes
What's the best way to play variable-tempo samples live?
tips for switching from g chord to c chord on guitar
What can a dominant seventh over a submediant chord resolve to?
electric guitarst playing single notes
What are Guitar Scale Patterns?
What is an algorithm for deriving a secondary chord?
Treble clef instead of bass clef even though there are low sounds
Time and Key Signatures
What is a "tone"?
How to trigger electronic sounds on stage
How do I know when a group of accidentals lead to a key change or not?
Are there any prominent examples of music based on random pitches in a pitch class set?
Garage band: how to add marks to tracks?
Da Capo in Lilypond
Why are there only five diatonic scale forms if there are 7 modes? not including hypo- modes
Making bars longer and replacing rests in Sibelius
Should I play countermelody when trying to play and sing?
Would learning scales and notes on the guitar help me perform new solos or arpeggios quickly?
Song written in Locrian of C
How to connect mic to computer
How to write the melody notes of my original songs
Unknown Notation in Pokémon Theme
How are the gain knobs supposed to work / be used on DJ controllers / software?
Is holding the violin without using your hand indicator of proper position?
Printing Keyboard Labels
How many times am i allowed to repeat Chord progressions within a 6 song catalogue?
FL Studio vs GarageBand
What is the best way to learn guitar solo from someone else?
Battle for Britain, David Bowie
Newcomer to mixing - what levels should I set for each track?
Cross hands while playing?
Creating a simple melody out of random notes
Exactly as written?
Producing stereo sound from more than two speakers?
Why did they choose the diatonic scale?
How do I start guitar 'tapping' style?
Beethoven piano concerto 3 mvt 3
Noation of music concerning the Trombone Player
Who were Anonymous I-III? Was there an Anonymous V?
Vst plugin for multi track audio editing
Black MIDI: Add 1/256 note in midi file?
How to create a Chord Sample in Logic Pro X
Unwanted noise from Guitar Amp (Epiphone standard ii & vox ii modeling amp)
how to connect a balanced output to a unbalanced input?
Tuning a 38 inch Guitar
Can't record MusicLab Real Guitar from Logic Pro X
Midi/usb interface sends "note on" instead of "note off" when 2 or more keys are released at once
How do bass effects differ from guitar effects?
Guitar amp fender 15B
What intervals are common for sudden key changes?
Where did the symbols ♭ and ♯ originate from, and why those?
Ohm ratings for guitar amp / extension cab
How to notate a slow strum?
Ridge along the backside of the neck of my bass guitar
Recognizing modulation style / pattern in Steely Dan's "West of Hollywood"
What properties of a chant can be used to encode information (w/o lyrics)
How to practice singing melody notes when playing scales?
Doubling Trumpet and Trombone
Fret buzzing after set up
Can you change the volume of a specific track in TuxGuitar 1.3?
Interpreting guitar tab notations (zeros, numbers, curve, arrow)
Do real-life emotional experiences affect one's creative ability?
How can a musician determine the sound of different musical artists?
Figuring out the difference between major and relative minor scales
Ways of reducing noise with single coil sound hole pickups
Teaching others how to swing
Fingering of G chord on guitar
What do you think of attempting to tune an Acoustic 12-string one full step up?
Recording self on Yamaha CP50 using USB
Performing a "reading"
Trim Segment in LMMS
How to remove lemon oil from guitar parts where it doesn't belong
Why does root-key matter? Why is it important to understand it
Handling of dotted eighth rests when a "swing rule" is in place, and whether physical note position has effect on it
What is the name for the disorganized part after a climax?
What does "dominant" mean in music?
What is the list of intervals in order of dissonance
How do you define this odd chord?
Alternative to the Timpani
How to notate fingerings on chords/double stops?
What should i do with scales on guitar?
rachmaninov fast or furious
Why does this version of Für Elise have d# then e both with treble clefs?
What do these numbers mean? A4, G5, etc
Earliest Music Notation Programs
Designing a machine to play left hand notes in a piano for someone who lost his hand
Why does the C7 chord contain a flattened 7th instead of the real 7th note?
How do I try out a new bass before buying?
Garritan Personal Orchestra 4: Strings Quality
What Kind Of Voice Do I Have
I want to learn the Indian flute (Bansuri). Is there any site where I can learn how to play this instrument?
How does the shape and size of a kazoo affect its tone?
Did J.S. Bach write the figured bass in scores or continuo parts?
Clair de Lune - 2 above notes
Numbers above notes in orchestral score
Complete beginner question: Jazz guitar
How would you develop a musical instrument using a QWERTY computer keyboard?
Can an opera singer change his/her voice?
What is it called when you move chords a step up or down?
Composing melodies which introduce chromaticism
Harmonic progressions that contain a C7 followed by a B♭13?
What exactly is "singing with your head voice"?
Melody Extraction from Music
Example of counterpoint
Is there a reason in music theory for certain songs sounding creepy
Question about understanding the tab of guitar
Edit finger numbers in a Synthesia midi-file
How to quickly adapt to p4 tuning
Using modes for jazz solo improvisation
Static noise at gig that has no electrical grounding in the building?
Fixing a note on my guitar
Cross-staff chord in score with multiple voices in Lilypond
Is it wrong to alter bar numbers after repeat endings so they reflect the performance progression rather than the last repeated measure +1?
Confused about C6/9 guitar chord
Is there an advantage to medium gauge over light if I'm not adding tension?
Hyperthreading when using Vienna Ensemble and Reaper
Why are the alto saxophone and cello allegedly so similar to the human voice?
What do these grace notes mean, and how do I sing them?
With modern electronic technology is temperament unnecessary?
How to learn piano with MIDI files and a keyboard?
What's a good way to practice 8ths in the piano?
In the piano, should I memorize all the pentascales from every note or try to derive them from the rule on the fly?
How to determine the key, divide the tabs and count the pauses when writing the sheet music of a song? (image included)
How to set a good rock tone with a basic amp
Chord that pulls from the I to the V?
Describing the chromatic scale of a piece
Using Ableton with a 2015 MacBook
Electric guitar buzzing sound electricity
What scales can I use to jam out to a G major scale?
Does anybody played Korg Kross 88, are keys heavy and weighted there like on acoustic pianos?
Small notes on the staff
Lead Guitar - Stay In Single Key
Note groupings and readability in unusual time signatures
What is the point in writing an appoggiatura?
How to play the turns in Muzio Clementi's Sonatina Op. 36 No. 4
Classical guitar - Left finger 4 touching the neck with outer part
Need wider string spacing in a 6 string
Putting Roman numeral chord notation into practice
What are these specific part of technique in the Gran Jota called?
Scale Families: heptatonic scales organized by half-steps in their intervallic spelling
other "academic exercise" compositions like "Die Kunst der Fuge"?
Are there any music programming languages from after the SuperCollider era?
need help to figure out equipment needed for a silent rehearsal room
"Punning chord"
Boss BR-800 - is it possible to plug in two guitars
Triads in Music Theory
How to differentiate between relative keys
What practice methods to world class pianists use to get more work done?
How would you finger this piano phrase?
How do you practice to play with perfect note accuracy?
Unable to switch text fonts in LilyPond
(Classical Guitar) How to play artificial harmonic chords
Does piano tuning software actually work?
Which Bach chorale preludes are appropriate for different times of the liturgical year?
How would you live perform a piece whose recording has a faded ending?
How does harmonic analysis work in different modes?
Does anyone play 11th chords?
Changing accidentals
What exactly does it mean to "play over the changes"
Guitar pickups Gibson 496r 500t difference
Difference between nasty/whiny "NAYS" and "KOO" or "GEE" for High Notes
Keyboard similar to piano
Trouble Understanding Triplets
Is this chord progression rare?
How do you phrase Celtic and Irish music?
Is "Little Red Corvette" in a church mode?
Why are some major trombone solos written for the 2nd player rather than the Principal?
Advice for first harmonica
What music and exercises Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, Vivaldi, Paganini had used for a daily warm-up?
Humming/Buzzing on OP-1 Synthesizer
theory - does this exercise have a bad time signature?
How to play the violin and read the sheet music at the same time
Are nylon guitar strings sold in a pack such that only first 3 are nylon, rest steel?
Can I sending MIDI program changes with Guitar Rig 5 via Rig Kontrol 3 "MIDI out" port?
End Accents in Other Cultures
Using VSTs to remake a song (with Komplete 10 Ultimate)
La Campanella double sharp?
How do I play this? Beginner Technique
What significance does the Key have on a composition?
Lilypond: Is there a way to create a song with just lyrics and chords? Without the notes
Thick guitar cable
Connecting analogue mixer console to FL studio
How to split an arranger clip based on pitch in Bitwig 8-Track
Adobe Audition CS6 vs Syntrillium Cool Edit Pro 2.1 - editing wave
How can I combine my guitar playing, compositions in Sibelius and an music maker software together
How to keep rhythm when sixteenth notes occur?
Zoom G1XON noise issue
Recording Piano Tutorials
MIDI pitch bend vs MIDI Tuning Standard: microtones
What are the essential notes in half-diminished chords?
What is the name of the "wrong" vibrato
Bass playing additional fifth below what it should
What to Replace My Line6 Pod XT With
Amplifier settings for Epiphone Standard Pro Top
How do I simultaneously play two notes of the same pitch (i.e. two notes in unison), but with different accents?
Theremin recommendations
Using separate fuzz and octave pedals
Setting up an electric exclusively for playing slide
How should I play/phrase an anacrusis (aka pickup)?
Notating lilypond triplet inside of slur
Why do we have key signatures as they are? Could a key with unconventional accidentals make sense?
Does striking the string with more force produce higher pitch?
Learning to play a synth vs keyboard
Is a dominante flat 9 chord also a diminished 7 chord?
Moonlight sonata 2-nd movement extra block at the end
How To Solo in Em-Am-Bm Blues Progression?
How would you finger this fast arpeggio passage?
term for when the melody stays the same, but the harmony changes?
What is the purpose of voice-crossing here?
Harmonic functions of chords in "Killing Me Softly"
Directional Knobs, Round knobs , Usage
changing keys in a solo
Examples for Songs in Tonus Peregrinus (ninth tone)?
Articulations and Ornaments
Stuck in composition
Classical Guitar stringing and tuning
Why does the recording of distortion guitar sound different than what I hear through the amp?
Control 2 identical amps with single footswitch
Why is a Major sixth A interval an A minor chord in the Key of C?
Is there a name for when a lead part keeps repeating the same short melody while the rest of the band/orchestra/etc changes behind them?
Record drums for cheap
Hours of study per week at beginner level music school?
Active Bass with circuitry removed?
How many pages of music an average pianist should play during 4 years of conservatory studies?
How do you call the technique used in jazz where notes are repeated up and down
Is perceived progress in singing performance necessarily a good indicator of the quality of the teaching method?
How to distinguish the mode of a riff
Are the components of an upright piano action rack interchangeable between pianos, or "brand-specific"?
live performance - Does my small acoustic band need amplification?
Dominant triad in a minor key
Combining fingerpicking with guitar pick
How octave is effective in vocal range?
Memorizing modes on guitar fretboard
Replacing male with female voices in vocal arrangement
Any MIDI files specifically representing music theory rules?
Instrument sound levels for a small venue
Where can I find a good book to learn Fl Studio?
How to phrase voices in a fugue?
Opposite of a Fermata?
Numbers, letters and words on top of guitar music score notes
Am I eligible to teach on classical guitar
Chords in MIDI?
How would I play this Bach's piece (bar) on piano - from Polonaise in G major
Naming non-tertian trichords
Chord-building patterns
Do growls interact with the harmony?
Left hand thumb position
What should a beginner be aware of when choosing a Xun?
Improve bad ear
Why call a major second a diminished third?
Can my 4 year old guitar still be tuned?
How to express exhaustion without rallentando or diminuendo?
Why do guitarists put tape on their amplifiers?
Lateralus drum part
Difference between Chord Progression and Harmony?
What scale are the chords Em A C D in?
Why does the melodic minor scale turn into natural minor when descending?
Why bass eq pedal has wider range than guitar eq
Are there good alternatives to expensive practice facilities in urban environments?
What are the rules of borrowing notes from other scales if any?
Is there an app that shows the melody of a singer on YouTube songs?
what is the difference between 135B Violin String and 135 Violin String?
What is the meaning of "un poco" in "un poco adagio"?
Where to buy programmable metronome online?
What are the advantages/ disadvantages of 4 or 6 string basses for a beginner?
Can a piece in one key borrow from its relative minor? parallel minor?
Can you teach someone rhythm - to tap their feet or sway even?
Noisy lvad heart pump transferred to amp
How to learn modern music with guitar
What is the anatomy of a song?
Music piece only in Blues scale & Static Harmony
how do all the notes of the same name relate?
How is initial "ps" pronounced in ecclesiastical Latin?
How do you count the time signatures of classical music?
How do you effectively clean guitar pick-ups?
Does Lasting Bass Note from Previous Chord Progression affect Next Chord Progression?
Which type of strings to use on an inexpensive mandolin?
Composing music
Studio monitor placement in long room
What are the best strings for playing metal on an electric guitar?
Physical volume of instruments
How is the choice of possible rhythms determined?
What is it called when a song ending fades out while repeating a theme
Why are these eighth notes written like this, and what does it mean?
What composition or mix of chords to use when performing
Tuning and the aria, Hell's Vengeance, was the triple F lower?
Restarting music lessons/exams and beginning teaching
E string of guitar broken so every wire will be replaced with new?
Distortion Pedal with Expression Pedal
Help with understanding ABRSM grades?
Essential vocal techniques
How much polyphony needed for more complex piano pieces
What level of pitch interval perception is typically necessary for a child to be considered to have some aptitude for violin study?
Jazz guitar chords: knowing chord names vs what sounds good
Books for out of key composition?
How to play minors and 7th chords using power chords
Horrible Playback Quaility On Reaper (Distorted Sound)
How to find the key from chords
How can I arrange a children's song for choir, to make it more interesting?
Unsure how to move text outside of staff in LilyPond
Notes not sounding on barre chords
How to tell what is broken with my bass guitar
My Chords Don't Fit Any Scale, What Do I Do?
Pros and cons of using a MIDI file to improve rhythm during practice
Roman Numeral Analysis: What is a Bb/Db/F chord in the key of C Major?
database of 12-tone rows
True bypass: how to deal with GND?
Is there any recorder with same fingering as tin whistle/six hole bamboo flute?
Pedal design for scale shift in electric guitar before amplification
What harmonic devices approach the tonic's root from a semitone above?
What is the benefit of playing in all keys on piano
Mordants: Auxiliary note is a note that has been modified by an accidental earlier in the measure. What do I play?
Notating half notes across beat 3 in 4/4
Reading emotions from a song
Acoustic guitar thudding sound problem
Moving a grand piano 2 meters
Learning path for soloing and improvisation
Live Loop Setup with Keyboard, Guitar and Mic with Boss RC-300
How are child piano prodigies taught so quickly?
Difference between one violin and an ensemble of violins
What exactly is the difference between arranging a piece of music and composing it?
How to get rid of latency experienced while using VST in Reaper?
Split point - Ableton live
Right thumb twitch after playing the clarinet
Are there any instruments which don't split an octave into 12 notes?
Can chord substitutions take place unrestrictedly without invalidating a progression?
Guitar buzz gets louder when strings are touched, goes away when I touch both the strings AND either pickup
What is the name of this percussion instrument?
Monitor setup for electric guitar practice - How to match Home vs. Stage?
Sound Card OR Audio Interface
What's this Time Signature if not 4/4?
What kind of logarithmic function will translate Play Speed to Octave Change?
Pickup Upgrade on Les Paul Special II
Does First Chair Have To Be Smart and Know Everything? Can You Not Ask For Help?
What if I want an acoustic guitar only for recording purposes?
Is there an FX aggregator pedal that allows A/B/Y for 2 outputs?
How to get a certain sound on my strat?
Noise from signal chain
Is measured resistance reliable way of comparing guitar pickup output
Stereo or mono keyboard effect?
What are some tips on remembering key signatures faster for minor scales?
Capture a loop from analog vinyl to remix-deck?
How to identify inversions?
Rach's Prelude in C Sharp minor
What is electric guitar signal smoothing
How to harmonise sharps or flats key
Is there a way to connect a guitar to a dj console?
Hindustani music: Evolution of instruments
Traktor - Remixdeck-Samples do not play in sync
Schumann's grand sonata op 11: interpretation of pianissimo
How can I play a guitar-based song on piano?
How do I skip play 5 strings without the A string without muting
Accessing Head Voice From Vocal Fry
Why "Chan chan" has the A chord?
Yamaha Psr I425 or Novation Launchkey MKII 61 Keyboard
How to name modes of non-major scales?
Self taught piano problems
Truss rod adjustments and tuning
Which exercises should I practice to sing in counterpoint to my playing?
Lilypond finger placement brackets
Learning Drums in Ableton live - finger Drumming
How to prepare to play bowed vibraphone?
Why did Segovia use a different pattern for the B minor scale?
How do bands take notes of their songs?
Guitar Tuning in Tux Guitar - For Dummies (Drummers)
Playing a large interval with the same hand
What is the history of the Augmented Second in World Music
Identify chord in progression
Why do I struggle to sing along with an original recording?
Storing guitar in a gig bag and hanging from a wall hook
Chord name when playing inversion on the left hand
Changing ASIO device when unconnected
Bluetooth LE MIDI latency?
From Love Story. How to play this measure showed in the picture with left hand?
Best way to switch strumming and fretting hands on ukulele?
What's the meaning of a note before the time signature?
Best drum sticks size for practice pad?
Were there any well documented self taught musicians who struggled to adjust to conventional written music methods?
How to determine which (slash) chord to use?
Where can I find a composition teacher?
Can I just tune my guitar how ever I like?
Air tube to change the sound of guitar
What are some decent free online piano sources for playing from a computer keyboard?
if music is universal does that also mean anyone can enjoy most music genres/styles?
Markings after Rehearsal mark
Mic inside the drum vs outside the drum
Whats an easier instrument to play than trumpet, with mouth, but still a brass instrument?
Amplification of guitars
Electric Guitar String for Acoustic Guitar String?
A tenor mouthpiece made to use alto reeds
How to deal with fluctuating electric guitar volume (caused by changing pedals and technique)?
Peavey Vypyr 2 (40W) and sanpera 1
Is it common to you use "wrong notes" in your own song?
Finding Sound Card Requirements
Why is it called dominant function and not subtonic function?
Which first: comping or timing correction?
PC/Mac application for mixing, mastering and processing vocals
Nylon or steel strings
What does "Flag." mean in orchestra score?
Where should a buffer pedal be placed in the signal chain?
First note of a chord vs bass note of a chord
capturing the audio output from a guitar to a MacBook with one audio jack
Identify scale name using Scala
How to make a guitar backing track?
What if I want to make a living out of music?
How much time, in crotchet beats, does a crotchet triplet take up?
How to notate a Da Capo al Fine and fade (or Repeat and Fade)?
How to add reverb to the snare only in superior drummer?
Incorporate guitar amp in my bass rig?
Are my piano keys defect (Yamaha YDP143)?
Yamaha G-String keeps breaking
About Harmonic Intervals. Can the notes have different sizes?
What roman numeral should be used to identify a note that is not in key?
Two people listening to the same song, yet they hear two different guitar chords that sound right played. Why?
Terminology - the & of 3
can i use any humbucker pick up (in my cas DiMarzio D Activator) on semi hollow body or hollow body guitars
Stringing my Kala Concert Banjolele
I have a piece of music I am playing, and it has a strange sequence of repeats
Parallel Scales?
Melodic minor with raised 4th
What instrument/device is used to make the rising electronic bell-like sounds in the song "The Hall of Mirrors"?
Double time signature and strange bar notation in Bach
I feel like I'm playing notes and not combining everything into a song. (Piano)
What wood is my fretboard made from? Pics
Playing Electric Guitar using the fret hand only
record piano onto laptop software
Singing from diaphragm
Can Neewer NW-700 microphone work with Behringer Xenyx 502?
timbre scale consonant
What is a good online computer keyboard piano source that includes the cello sound as well?
Equal temperament
Re-string Electric Guitar In Reverse For Left-Handed (Lefty)
How to "bring together the band" when playing tuba?
how to put your loop from a guitar looper into logic?
Changing position (on piano) with fifth finger
Mental block playing rolling chords
Does an average person know to switch to head/falsetto voice if a note is too high?
how to connect Focusrite Scarlett 2i2 TO 24 channel Alto mixer
Concert equipment or software
How to develop a proper trumpet embochure: Tuning and range
Drumsticks held with 2 or 3 fingers?
What's the name of this vocal technique?
relative accidentals
Chord extensions
How much should I slow down a song to lower it a half step?
Can tied notes have notes in between? Or is it then a slur?
Is there any system of naming chords that uses the chromatic scale?
How can i add simple bass guitar in my simple songs?
What are (no3) chords?
Changing the amount of bars per page in Sibelius for Composition pieces
Feeding Tempo to DAW
Music is to ____?____ as chemistry is to IUPAC
I'm allergic to my violin chin rest
How to write down a note that is sustained while there are other simultaneous pitches in the same bar?
Why does this progression alternating between major and minor chords sound right?
Piano lost its brightness after a tuning + repair
Is there another way to emulate Fl studio's Gross beat time manipulation
What is the musical form of Stravinsky's Rite of Spring?
Big "saturation" after export on Cubase 8 Elements
How to build a chorus, what should i been looking for?
Parent major Scale / A major to E flat...?
Alternating schedule for guitar practice
What does the "Phi" sign stand for in musical notation?
When playing a fret the guitar sounds muted
Is there the exact same frequency-multiple between any-2 successive keys in any keyboard-instrument?
Organ for a Beginner
How do I know if I am singing from my throat
I want to start playing jazz music, where should I start?
What type of form repeats the same then with slight variations each time?
Selecting the name for a diminished or augmented chord
Theory confusion
What instrument produces a triangle wave?
Killed an amp through audio interface in the effect loop?
Add harp muffle notation in Lilypond
What the fundamentals of music composition and how to learn it?
What exactly do pianists/musicians memorize?
Why did Miles Davis put his finger under his ear when he stopped playing?
No sound from guitar
Terminology for determining form and harmonic structure when there are no apparent chords?
Are there guitar strings thinner than .009's?
What's the name of the Major scale that has 6th and 7th degree lowered?
rubbing alcohol to clean guitar
Transporting woodwind instruments at low temperatures
Violin - Western Classical vs indian classical. How different are they?
How to make musical phrases on guitar
Why does modal interchange work? Can any mode be used?
Is it considered borrowing chords when you're using chord notes that are not in the song's parallel key or mode?
How to do the "wavy" vocal sequence like an opera singer?
Noise after changing the guitar jack socket
Piano Sheet Music Symbols of Long Diagonal Lines
What are the most common techniques in synthesizing an epiano sound?
How to write and save the songs you know?
Classical vs. Flamenco techniques ... differences?
Electric bass scale length and pickup angle
What does the bemol (flat) at the beginning of the stave mean?
Clicks in bass tracks
Please help me finding my voice type
Whats the difference between Organum, Motet, and Clausula?
Thinking of buying a guitar that has a 'crack' where the neck meets the body.
Should low frequency players anticipate in orchestra?
What are the most common overtones of a vibrating string?
installing strings on different instruments
Cajon Sound Help
Importance of the neck joint on an electric guitar
Arpeggio-ish patterns for the right hand on classical guitar
Musical Instrumentation Question
Guitar blues soloing- Minor/Major
Backing up Logic Pro X sound library
When does a Chord Change?
Question about panning
is it wrong to play a simplified version of a piece?
Picking equipment for learning Country Guitar in an apartment.
What is V65/III in D major?
whats the theory behind poker face- chord arrangement?
Zoom H6 - Record electric guitar with pedals
Edit decay of hi hat on garage band
How do I know which right-hand fingers to use on classical guitar?
Help with notes of chromatic harmonica!! I have only 3 days to practise!
Naming notes in non 12-TET tunings?
Is a rest required at the end of the final measure of a piece?
Using SATB arrangements with a SAB choir
Computing the Fourier Series of a sound recording
How to gain finger strength for guitar?
software to determine the tuning (temperament) of a recording?
Should the soft palate always be raised while singing vibrato?
What is wrong with my singing?
Sliding my hand on the strings is extremely loud
overlapping note on same staff
New idea to develop musical skill in natural way?
How to monitor trumpet right?
Playing continuously through different scale boxes
Should I go to a studio or release demos?
Can we use one scale in another scale (the active scale)?, in which case could we do that?
Learning chords in all keys
Unusual keyboard in a picture
recording for home studio
How NOT to get bored of guitar practice?
What recording setup for casual "recording in your bedroom" singer-songwriter?
set up electronic drums in ableton
Exercises or understanding to unlock my highest notes (I'm a man)
Can ground basses vary at all?
Does anyone know what kind of Harmonica I would need to play this song(Link in the description)?
How can you attain rich tones on a violin?
How can I transitionally change tempo of some portion of midi drums in Mixcraft 7.0?
Can someone please help me identify the last four chords in this fragment?
How to center chord names in Lilypond
How to play in time, for songwriters
What is this variety of keyboard called?
Can someone give specifics on the nonharmonic Tones?
Guitar hardware
Analogue guitar effects pedal not applying effect
When I look for rock chord progressions on the net, I see major key signatures. Why is that?
Yamaha DGX 660 and Hammond
How is this electronic sound made
Is it possible to start out on a nonharmonic tone then play its resolution?
Is it possible to move action from one piano into another?
What are the norms for naming new hymn tunes?
what accentuates a mode shift in your melodic line?
How can I determine the diameter of my piano's tuning pins?
In the key of F major, what would happen if someone labeled a B#?
Why is there no D# Major Scale?
The use of each key in Western music
Rehearsal marks
ill-formed MIDI files: note_ons and note_offs don't correspond
Building an acoustic guitar
What are vocal effects used by most of Norah Jones songs?
Is this song in 7/8?
Is it Acceptable to Build Chords on Accidental Notes in Classical Music?
What Kind of Right-Hand Picking Technique is Being Used in This Lick?
Major or Minor, which modes are you in?
Recommendation for jazz sight reading book, or other resource?
Transposing music scales to match key
Troubleshooting Roland analog synthesizer's 'moving' dead notes
Can a smaller viola be used as a violin?
Mode for french 16th century music
When changing chords, is it always good to keep a finger in place?
how to set up electronic drums in ableton
Set Line6 AMPLIFi so that there is minimal ringing or feedback after strumming?
timidity on Linux produces scratches
How to write Irish/Gaelic themed music
How can I record audio and play other tracks as backtrack at the same time?
Does an accidental apply to all octaves?
As a beginner, what should I look for in a 22 string harp?
Are there parallel octaves in L. Couperin's prelude, Suite in A minor?
How exactly am I to practice guitar scales?
Piano fingering exploration
12 bar blues, spread rhythm: alternative to 6th chord to avoid finger stretch
How do I know what chords to play?
Is a harp anything like a piano?
Where to find quality beginner sheet music for guitar?
Double-klezmer notes
Having a difficult time learning this piece (Ragnarok Prontera Theme)
Is there a standard source for music engraving?
Do "Perfect Pitch Programming" tracks actually work?
Are there typical stages for leaning how to sight read music?
Lilypond: How to engrave lowercase chord symbols
How to keep practice interesting during the last stages
Are higher positions on the violin usually preferable on the G and E strings?
How can I explain a hemiola to someone who knows nothing about music?
Is there such thing as compound nonharmonic tones?
LilyPond piano score: switching between alternating and simultaneous chords
Looking for suggestions to harmonize a melody I have
Chaining MXR Super Badass with Wah Pedal
Siler 'international' solfege system. Pros, cons?
How to reference or calculate the percentage pitch change between two notes?
Learning keyboard from a piano teacher
How do I play this part?( New Divide Linkin Park)
How are the Polovtsian Dances numbered?
On Tuning: What's in a Temperament? (Well-Temperament vs. Equal Temperament)
What are these notes in an advanced violin piece?
Please help me make my drums sound harmonious
Need advice for the chords for a composed melody
How/where to learn Jazz guitar?
What's the name of this scale and possible Chords
When tuning an orchestra, why do some people play A followed by D and F together?
Could anyone dumb down 6/8 time for me and also how to write it?
What is it called when the accompaniment and vocal melody don't match?
When tuning piano, is it important to tune the notes that are not played?
How to improve 1/4 plug connection on hybrid -XLR jacks
When Would You Name a Chord B vs Cb?
New Tuners Needed for LP Deluxe?
What is the term for when someone switches to falsetto in the middle of a note?
Can I connect my mixer's headphone out to an audio interface
Linear Harmony = neo-medievalism?
Learn Guitar (and theory) one key at a time
Are some viola tuning pegs the same size as 4/4 violin tuning pegs?
Is it safe to use any tension and tune to standard E?
Composing a 16th note run
How to go trough a Five Finger Exercises book (Schmitt)
Finale no beaming over rests
How to find chords for the song that I have on my computer?
Is it Possible to Write Straight Eights in 12/8
Can Major or Minor chord be inferred from sound electronically?
Instruments that don't require hand strength
Is the note after a tied note in that same voice always legato?
Why is the C♯ chord in B minor diminished?
How to "age" guitar strings?
Playing alto sax with piano or guitar
Why does reaper hang while opening a big VST file?
Get rid of "Can't find audio files" prompt in Logic Pro X
Underscore in Finale lyrics
Is there such a thing as "key of E Mixolydian"?
Baldwin MCX-88 makes cracking sound
What's significant about diatonic scales? Are there equivalents to the diatonic scales in smaller divisions of the octave (e.g. 19-EDO, 31-EDO, etc.)?
Interlude for a melody composed between chorus ad verse for 30 second without vocal
What is really the piece called Suite No. 2 by W.A. Mozart?
How do I create tremolos in Musescore
Notation: how to write resonances?
Roland TD11KV Problem recording using a flash drive
whats the triad formed root +maj 3rd +maj 2nd called?
I s there any differents in C,G Major
How do I get a soprano sound of a ukulele using a capo with a concert ukulele?
What is the name of a chord with the root note played twice?
Subpatterns within CAGED guitar patterns
Are transposing instruments always written higher than they sound?
What are the V and VII chords of a double harmonic scale?
How to lower the key of a song WITHOUT changing chord shapes
Where to place chord symbol over multiple staves?
Equivalent chords
Minor key and its chords
Adding a Time Signature to a composition
What does the chord C(4) mean?
Is there any music with no meter?
Common Tone Modulation (CTM)
Playing Major Scale on a Minor Song - Does It Work?
Modes in Series
Jazz Theory: ii-V7-I Progression
Could you play guitar and never pick a note?
Recording with both a Multi-Effects Pedal and a Modelling Amplifier at the same time
How are Just-Tuned scales beyond those of 12-notes constructed?
Why is a note counted twice in an octave but not when counting semitones?
History of piano key naming
Tonal Harmony - Does a classical composer ever use the #6 chord in minor?
Is there a big benefit to running stereo?
Does a key signature go before or after a bar line?
Unaccented Appoggiatura
Recording a guitar, a Bass and one (or two) micro by scarlett 2i2 and Xenyx Q502USB
Just Intonation confusion
What are the applications of taking the output of an amp with a microphone?
Any frequency checker to determine the c3 to c4 (octave)?
How do you jump around the piano?
Do I need a preamp before a line-level EQ for electric guitar?
How Can I Optimise My Cable Layout?
When can changing key sound good?
Identifying Modes
What is the name of this musical scale?
What does a -4 above the stave mean?
How to define a Lilypond function to return set of notes given a pitch?
Can floyd like bridge really make guitar out of tune when not blocked but not used
What are the benefits of singing low notes in your head voice?
How can I know which major and minor chords go in a scale?
Why is the first note of a scale the most important?
How long does 1 bar last in 2/2 time at 120 bpm?
Guitar - Should I Learn the Major Scale Patterns?
Sheet music: same note, back to back?
Handling tie with partially matching notes
What does it mean for a scale to be "complete in terms of tonality"?
What does this symbol mean?
To what degree do professional pit band guitarists follow the chord charts for pieces?
What is a "horn" on a bass guitar?
My friend's guitar broke. How can I get it repaired?
Staying on track when learning theory vs learning to play
Feedback problems
Could a third interval be seen as a step?
MicroKorg back to normal mode without saving
Waldorf Blofeld keyboard: installing "standard samples"
How can notes be both tied and staccato?
Eb major question
Name of unusual chords in basic songs
Midi kick drum triggering with my shoe?
Identify the chords
Is there a word to differentiate a measure in each hand?
What are the possible reasons of violin bow jumping?
Move track from Ableton to Logic Pro
Strikethrough and Roman numeral analysis in Schoenberg
How is a secondary dominant used for modulation?
THR10X recording volume very low
What (if any) is the difference between m6 and half-diminished chord shapes?
How to build a neighbor friendly booth?
Is there any guitar modelling software for PC?
Can Sound post in a string instrument crack?
What's the rhythm for 6/8?
What tonic chords follow a dominant seventh chord?
Violin squeak during chord caused by old strings?
Convert complex music score to simpler one
What Notes does Trumpet play?
What types of trumpets are there?
Clean boost pedal and buffer combination
Do good melodic lines frequent in and out of the field of consonance and dissonance to create interesting tension?
Why does "The 12 days of Christmas" change time signature so often?
Trouble singing a specific song live
Sending MIDI signal to Whammy Pedal
How to rough sing at quieter levels
Should drummers have blisters/calluses on their hands?
Why has the vi chord no tonic function, i.e. what gives a chord its function?
Is this posture correct for classical guitar?
Blues Scale: F Sharp or G Flat?
Logic Pro X Gate Stutter
Is this image the normal way to denote starting off the beat?
How do I train my musical ear. (Not sure how to phrase this question.)
Is there software for adding chords to a melody?
How can I play the melody of any song by ear on the keyboard?
Can I connect line by line from Focusrite Scarlett 18i20 to mixer?
How to do this guitar technique?
Is it OK to play a G chord on the Ukulele differently than the standard finger position?
Guitar: Fretless fretboard (why ebgdaE?)
Potential Tube Amp Issue
Practicing a composition
How to play chords notation above staffs on keyboard/piano?
what is this ornament called?
Finger pain in lead guitar practice
Question about Building My Composition/Improv Skill
In organ scores sometimes it says positif or recitive - which keyboard do they mean for these? Swell or great?
Mix between Half Notes and Eighth Notes: What Kind of Note is This?
Playing the saxophone in the rain
Confusion about chord progression
Seventh chords and the key a song is written in
What key am I in?
Is the following doubling and spacing of notes correct in four-part harmony?
Electric guitar for flamenco?
What's it called in music theory when a melody changes key every measure?
Does anyone have a sheet of classical music in chord notation
Acoustic strings on electric guitar
Recording a video with Yamaha P115?
How many measures/bars per staff?
What is the diameter of a clarinet and bass clarinet mouthpiece?
How do you play "agitato"?
Creating color coded playing instruction for xylophones
Resonating of the human body and instrument
Will I improve through "sloppy" practice?
Keyboard-style vs upright-style digital piano
What do the numbers after a note mean?
How do I fix an open string fret buzz on an electric guitar?
Questions about 4 part chord
Why are accidentals not just indicated next to the note in sheet music to make sight reading easier?
Why does this chromatic walkdown bassline work?
Tutti & Solo notation
Electric piano synth patch
Web MIDI ⇆ JACK
Sor Estudio 6: third section fingering / position
Bring an old piano up to pitch?
Csound: Increment a variable with every play
How to feel the music?
Is there a standard term for "has the same notes"?
How much rosin should I apply to my bow to get a better sound?
How many octaves can a midi keyboard record?
Where do you find "dim." within musescore?
Cajon Tapa Thickness For Kick Pedal Only, No Hand Use, No Snare?
Size difference between Baritone Horn and Euphonium
Pipe-Organ; Composition
What does it mean when there are two treble clefs in the same piece?
How can you retain the melody or tune you come up with in your head?
What household materials are safe to use for cleaning and conditioning a guitar?
Why is harmonic minor used so much but only on specific keys?
Listening, mixing, and understanding on multiple playback devices?
How can I connect an external cabinet to use it at the same time as a combo amp's built in speaker?
How do you hold a bow without getting finger cramps?
When playing a scale for a solo do you play only within that octave on the fret board?
I delayed a chord progression on a song I'm writing by an eighth and it made it sound different but better? What have I done?
How to get the best signal through several amplifiers?
Are there any standardized single-letter names for the flats and sharps?
How to learn electronic keyboard to support voice lessons
Convenient notation for doubletime
Terrible electric guitar resonance
Seeking systematic way to learn to hear phrasing
midi record to score
What are the best ways to practice Jazz improvisation on the guitar?
Why are some people so paranoid about music theory?
What exactly is the point of time signatures and measures?
When was music theory first studied?
How can I imagine original melodies, chords, and drum patterns
My wrists hurt after playing bass for a long time
Using mostly head voice?
Major Blues/Jazz improve over a I-III-VI-IV progression?
What Notes to Play as Accompaniment in Fingerstyle?
What are the lowest Horn transpositions?
How can we effectively teach schoolchildren theory?
Standard way to notate string/fret/finger?
How do you change a piano staff to a treble staff in musescore?
Pedal board switching on and off pedals
Who do I write music for?
Faster styles to "master" on a keyboard?
Ch. in Organ score
Where is the accent symbol in Musescore?
Why does three-part counterpoint have to end on a chord with a major third?
Simple writing of chords?
A beginner looking for direction
Fixed Pitch Instruments
Help in composing music for spa or relaxation
Chord progression template
What are the key chords I need to know and how do I recognise them?
Does this transition have a name?
augmented sixth chords
What is an Augmented 6th chord?
Deja-vu composers
Left and right hand guitar and their strings
What is the safest way to set down a cello?
Do vintage guitar amplifiers really sound better when run at lower voltages?
Is it possible to use notes on 2 different staves in Lilypond with one beam? If so, how?
Reaktor 6 vs 5 Learning differences
Delay from monitoring through the PC
How to understand which bass strings are best for my Yamaha RBX 170?
Dynamics, tempo & articulation
Upright Piano action problems
How to play on the piano, 4 notes stacked on top of each other, with both a sharp and a flat, and 4 dots to the right
What are the first three chords from the "Wind Cries Mary" called?
How to write "Play this line, OR this line" with conventional music symbols
In professional orchestras will principal woodwind players ever double instruments?
Improving Unextended Chords
Is there a guitar amp simulator for windows that doesn't block other apps sounds?
Question about Harmonization
Strumming with fingers
Why is the key signature not the same as the listed key?
Is it possible for live musicians to simulate a larger acoustic space?
Guitar tuning with digital tuner
Strumming patterns and timing
Problems with swallowing while singing?
Guitar Amp Producing White Noise when Cable is Plugged in?
How long does pedal simile last?
Question on arpeggiated chords in bluegrass
Fingering for Oscar Peterson Jazz Exercise #2 in G
Is it possible to guess the effects chain for a solo guitar piece?
Number of instruments for the work
How does Rockschool Vocals compare against ABRSM or similar?
Question on harmonizing melodies
What is stereo separation?
Lilypond: How can I put the chord names above the right notes?
Does the neck length of a guitar affect its sound?
Learning the scales using triads
Does the existence of a chord tone (and its enharmonic spellings) imply the absence of another?
What does a rough analysis on this piece give?
Playing the Piano at Grade 3
Harmonic Analysis for 4 Voices vs Many More Voices
Transposing jazz standard 'Tune up' question
Why are scale modes underused
Did the modes change when they came to be "expressed as permutations of the major-minor scale system"?
Why was the Forte-Piano abbreviated as 'Piano' and not as 'Forte'?
How to learn ABRSM music theory
How to pluck fast 16th notes on cello
What is the definition of slow practice for classical guitar?
Key Changes in Crudelis Herodes Deum by Zelenka
Identify chord proggression
How to get Steve Harris' bass tone?
Is it ever proper to slip fingers down from black to white keys on a keyboard?
My USB microphone creates so much white noise in Fl Studio while recording vocals; why?
Shapes of guitar necks
Traditional grip problem with fingers
Harmony formula
What's a reasonable path for a new singer to take to make it into a choir?
How to organize sound library of a multi effect pedal?
What is the characteristic reverb effect on Fender amps?
My foot gets tired quickly when I tap it for rhythm - what to do?
Drum techinique - Arm and wrist questions
Need Advice For My Next Steps In School/Music Career
Naming schemes in classical music
I am having trouble in knowing the correct way to play this legato on a guitar tablature.
My thumb does not bend, am I doomed to not be a decent guitarist?
Preparing for recording
Problems with Natural sense of rhythm. Ways to improve it
Pentatonic scales fingering
Sight reading trebel and bass clef at same time
What exactly is the bell used in Paganini's 2nd violin concerto and how should one play it?
Pedaling in D. Scarlatti - Sonata in F Minor, K. 466 L. 118
Do all modes make another mode when inverted?
Ferrous Classical Guitar Strings
Is low humidity (20%) bad for wooden instruments?
Speed vs. difficulty in sight-reading exercises
how to play this part of right hand in the image shown? i have no idea how to go about this "two part with one hand"
What are some of the alternate tunings of a modern piano?
How do vocal exam syllabi handle singers' ranges?
Logic Pro X Feature For Monster Voices
find the key of songs related to theory of music
Is there a school of Medieval-Russian music?
Why are there only N scales and 12 notes values that can be root note
Choosing a guitar stompbox for producing moderate distortion (general advice)
Is it better to practice easier or harder pieces?
How to play Beethoven pathetique sonata first movement?
Can an Eb Bass/Tuba play in both treble and bass without changing valve positions?
Is it possible to turn my surface pro into a midi input device for my mac book pro
Can I use the MIDI In of the Launchpad Pro to send MIDI messages to my computer?
Patterns for Leading Worship with Violin
What does “playing in thirds” mean?
Question on evidence for singing bassline
Piano 5-finger exercises in Bb and Eb
ibanez edge III tremolo intonation out of adjustment
Buzzing noise after replacing my output jack
Connecting a Looper to a Guitar Multieffects Pedal
performance set up on stage
How good are budget guitars today?
Bridge pickup with no sound. Testing with multimeter and trying to find where the failure is
Tuner with only numbers
What are the uses of chromaticism?
Arabic Maqam Keyboard?
Piezo pickup problem in acoustic guitar
Why intervals are not named after distance
At what point in history did the relationship between pitch and frequency become well-known among musicians?
Should fast timpani notes be treated as a roll?
Beat/Pulse Grouping
Trouble understanding two accidentals in Chopin's Nocturne Op 9 No 2
Can i plug my guitar combo to my audio interface, then monitor the sound?
Why is my muted guitar noisy in my new house and the noise goes away when playing any note?
Confusion in Base, Scales and Sargam
How to record Zoom H4 and guitar at the same time
Does 12-54 to 13-56 gauge change require a re-setup?
Eliminating vocal vibrato
Violin Bowing Marcato
Need help with understanding the Fifth of a chord
Bach prelude BWV 924
Home Recording Software
Correct way of practicing Giuliani's 120 right-hand studies
Can you construct chords for all musical modes?
How are chord progressions built in a modal context vs traditional major/minor context?
Playing a solo in thirds
Is there a reason why certain instruments are more popular than others?
Getting over lapping guitar sound
What microphone is suitable for recording voice and acoustic guitar?
Why is the treble clef (in the lower staff) parenthesized?
What chords rule can I use on the piano for composing in C minor key?
In 4/4 time can I insert a half sized bar in the middle of the piece?
Does hearing fatigue?
Practice in looping via an electric violin
How to stylistically prepare symphonic pieces for auditions
Theory: Why is it a D major and not F sharp major or A major?
Soloing over major and minor mixed chords
Learning to Jam in piano
chord theory in guitar
What is meant by setting semi-tone on Guitar Tuner?
Power supply for guitar pedals
Can you play harmonics on a harp?
Music Sections and Forms
how do i go about learning to play on roli seaboard
How can I connect my Korg 01/W directly to my Dell laptop
A chord is three notes? What do you call just two notes?
How to improve upon a vocal recording in GarageBand? (Sample vocal attached)
Weak High E (1st String) on Electric Guitar, any remedy?
Piano - what is 'Improvisation'?
Create pickup bar for one instrument only (example provided)
Was Isaac Albéniz a Romantic?
When is multiple voices necessary for guitar standard notation?
Sound of my voice seems to have changed!
Ringing or string muting in Carulli
Chord symbols and Pedal markings
How are chords composed in a song?
Best methods for instrument appraisal?
Why does some music sound different on speakers and headphones
How to use `snd_virmidi` on Linux
How do you know if your vocal chords are coming together when you are singing?
Proper format for an Orchestral score?
what do musicians do if they want to take a vacation?
Brandenburg Concerto No. 5 in D: Why do some recordings seem to be in C sharp?
Exhaustive list of chord (at least triad and dom7) functions for a software ear training tool
Why do conductors not need research-level musicology to succeed?
Connecting Roland A-01K to Mixer
Are the effects on a guitar pedal/stompbox any better than an amplifier's overdrive?
When was the shoulder rest invented?
Guidelines for men singing "women's" songs (and vice versa)
Overdrive pedal in an acoustic amp
Strum Patterns Indicated On Sheet Music
How can I move certain words/phrases in the title of a Lilypond score vertically?
Vinyl Sticker on Guitar Body
Control Humidity
Have there ever been noteworthy attempts to create a method of objectively evaluating how good a piece of music is?
Is there a name for each of the two chords that form a cadence?
How do find guitar chord strumming embellishments?
Is it possible to play cello on a midi keyboard?
What makes different tube amp heads different?
Wood vs Stone first drum
Counting a time signature
Working through George Lawrence Stone's stick control book
Practice advice for a fledgling clarinetist?
one of the saddle's springs on the bridge of my guitar is missing
.Wav only sounds good with headphones not regular speakers
Orchestra notation and harmony
How to remember high E on Guitar for tuning
What is the best way to play this on the guitar?
How to play five finger one note trill on piano
15/8 blues playing live?
Confused about D7 Chord notation on Alfred's Book
Limitations of String Instruments
What does EXP stand for on guitar effect pedal control knob?
Oboe embouchure issues?
Sequencing Multiple Patches on One Synth
Extra accidents in Roman Numeral analysis in Modulation by Max Reger
Guitar nails and touch typing
Copying yourself
How can I learn to compose?
How do you make high notes softer and low notes louder on the C flute?
Confusion about intervals in chromatic VS diatonic scales
Can anyone explain what a dominant scale is?
Syncing MIDI to Click Track
Are there any tuners specifically for 12-string guitars?
What equipment/cords do I need to record a digital piano?
Guitar rattle noise when playing two strings at specific distances (with video)
What is so special about the devil's interval?
Getting a BA/MA/PhD degree in music with no prior formal education
Having a hard time with the black keys
How do I get my flute to sound clean?
How will getting braces affect my embouchure?
Is it possible to modify classical piano piece to be played in four hands?
Can you play metal on single coil pickups?
Why is Salsa music counted in 8 if it is in 4/4 time?
How can I use GarageBand as a simple drum machine to play against?
What can I do to address valves getting stuck on a trumpet?
Is this a form of cadence?
Optimal string gauge for beginner electric guitar
keeping tube amps in optimal condition
Bowed single string instrument with lever?
When writing a melody on top of a riff, is there a rule for what types of notes you use?
Roman numeral chord notation in minor scale?
Linux Music Production DAWs/Softwares/VSTs
Circumflex in classical guitar notation
How much common ground is there between applied theory on guitar vs bass guitar?
String ordering - Top vs bottom?
Why is Western music based on the 12 tone, 7 note octave? Is this purely a cultural/historical phenomenon, or is there an objective basis?
Simultaneous Crescendo/Decrescendo: Technique, Typo, or Spicy Meme?
Should I be worried about buzzing on my bass?
How do I know what key to write in?
optimal resonance for instrument body
Singing in a preferred key?
Why is the tune of Twinkle Twinkle Little Star used everywhere?
Should I put tempo change markers only on midi track in this case drums or on master track?
Typing vs. Pool Playing vs. Playing Piano
What are some common ways for songwriters and lyricists to find each other online?
Mac logic Recording problem
String gauge switching without truss rod
Do bass traps actually reduce noise for neighbors?
Why do some guitar amps have control labels that are upside down when you are in front of the speaker?
Which instrument (generally) has to read the largest number of clefs?
Using TC Electronic Ditto Looper and TC Helicon Ditto Mic Looper together?
Is a 32-key midi controller enough to aide in learning music theory?
How do I learn to play surf music on the guitar?
Recording guitar direct into interface with unbalanced cable into TRS jack
software which can find notes after listening to a piece of music
Is standby switch helping to extend tube life
Electric drum kit noise - cymbals only (Need advise to reduce noise)
Piano Questions From a Former Brass Player
what are the unique sound patterns i can explore
What strings can I use with a toy guitar?
How to merge Ableton audio with Skype audio conversation?
Regarding Schubert's Missing 'Gastein' Symphony
Diminished and augmented power chords
What's it like to sit a music theory grade exam?
Why am I seeing more notes than allowed to be in a bar?
Action, pickup to string distance, and bridge setup for a Gibson Flying V
Are there any advanced 12-string players who don't play folk?
Why is this section on the measure 'grouped' with a 3?
Wiring a double shield instrumental cable
Guide tone question/correction?
Harmonics within Harmony question
Drum tuning/timbre?
fingering for violin
Bach ornaments in preludes
Why one shouldn't play the 6th string of an A chord on guitar?
Bassoon naming convention
What scale should I play over a I V IV I progression?
Small italic '3' above notes
What do you call this alternating melodic pattern?
guitar scale when using capo
What's this highlighted odd '8' marking and the dashed lines?
How do I stop muting nearby strings or will my fingers reshape after some practice?
Incomplete key signature - reason and name
Ravel 'Noctuelles', bar 6 - 7
How to strengthen my falsetto
What resources are there for a violinist with 4 fingers?
Notation for spiccato?
Alto-ranged brass instrument?
Why do we need different clefs?
Mahler Symphony 5: Notes say Db but recording says D
Write some text before music staves in lilypond, like instrument names
How to learn the modes of the scales? And even worse, how to improvise over them over any key?
What does "fly swatter" mean in jazz?
How to work out the key of a song whose chords don't seem to fit an obvious scale?
The V chord in a II-V-I progression in major key
Balancing sound of Acoustic and Electric Guitars
Universal piano chord voicings
High End Guitars - Open string in tune - Fretted string not
Sound of different material - Resonator Guitar
What are some technical considerations for transition from violin to cello
What do coil taps actually do?
Choice of the names of the notes for harmonica tuned in keys different from C
How much difference and how quickly can breathing exercises impact your singing and breathing?
Composing longer pieces
Epi LP BB with Duncans/US wiring loom pickup vol problem
I can't sing scales other than major
old strings won't hold tuning
Is there another term for "weighted keys"?
Is the advice given in this video on "how to make your voice deeper" valid?
Where should I start? (piano)
Poco ritenuto versus poco ritardando
Numbers above staff (8.8.8.6)
How do I verify a 2nd hand musical instrument online?
How hard is Tchaikovsky's first piano Concerto?
do older ears with diminished hearing have a problem distinguishing intonation on guitar strings
Diatonic Scales and Modes. How do I reconcile information about Modes?
Sharp 5 or flat 13? Sharp 9 or flat 10?
On changing the regular violin notes to fingering positions
How do you think of which notes to play while singing?
Jazz Piano Diminished/Tritone Sub Exercise
Harmonic analysis of progression: Fm, E♭, D, Gm
Oil in Drum wooden shells to prevent wood to dry out
Any suggestions of an instrumental piece that introduces one instrument at a time?
Vocals sound 'dead' in recording
Westworld theme piano fingering question
Writing music on the staff in 5th position
Starting a solo on a root note
Is there a name for this type of blue-sy/90s pop transition on Piano
Is spacing between strings and fret board rounding important for humbucker pickups?
Is it allowed to move from Perfect Fifth to an Octave between Bass and Tenor?
Online Music Degrees -- Free or not: Are they worth it?
Why is 'C minor' parallel to 'E♭ major', but not to 'D♯ major'?
Buying a guitar on a music store
Guitar - Do you have to intonate based on your tuning?
Classical chord naming of D#/F
When is a note flat/sharp?
When does a note become a bass note?
Straining to hit high notes while singing; throat getting dry
How is the 'natural autotune' singing effect achieved?
Is 14 year old phase22 soundcard better then PC default soundcard?
Can most pianists play E–F# ninth by left hand?
Help making a remix
I thought that the fifth chord in a minor scale was a major or major 7 chord
Difference between a flat and a "ball-like" hand on piano
How to tune a ukulele to compensate for intonation issues
Word request - a unison part
Have orchestras included any modern instrument lately?
How do I curtail the reverberation in my church
Naming Intervals -- Tactics, Strategies, Tricks
Sharing and Transposing Trad Jazz songs between Key/Clef
double stops on guitar
Creating lead sheets using MuseScore
Playing Casio LK-100 in Auto-Play Mode without Rhythm & Accompaniment
Using an Electribe 2 to sync with a Boss RC-300
How does a natural change flats and sharps?
Is there any scientific reason why three notes are seen as required to create an 'unambiguous' harmony?
how can I develop my top-line melody writing style?
Need some help to solo over chords change
How to know the action of an acoustic guitar before buying it?
Lute with L shaped neck
Identifying orchestral sounds
How is a pitch between a C and a C# notated in sheet music for fretless instruments?
Hohoner HG-13 strings
Yugoslav style piano
How to play this B on Oboe
Supercollider: Include additional source code file
Can 'tone' be defined as "note with information about timbre"?
How this legato is played in piano?
Can i hook up 2 guitars to the droptune box and send individual signals to 2 different amps?
What does this notation mean? It is two numbers in brackets
cadence naming confusion
Chord Sequence Analysis
How do you call when the same melody is played over and over with different bass notes
Is there a standard meaning of "low", "medium", "high" voice in sheet music?
Am-Dm-Am-E songs (usually powerful folk songs) what key could they be in? What diatonic blues harp or penny whistle to use?
Truss rod adjustments after changing strings from 9-48 to 12-60
What's the difference between a 7 chord and a +7 chord?
What feel is 12/8 meter and why?
Notes sound wet on Saxophone
Starting career with cheap violin
How to create a vocal line
Writing a simple 12-tone row
How to specify optional repeats/volta
Normal exercise time when learning guitar?
What are "silk and steel" strings?
What's the difference to a player between dim7 and 7b9?
What kind of practice leads to the ability to play the exact melody in my mind?
Clarinet Joints Loose After Left Assembled
Using a bass guitar on a guitar amplifier through a bass pre-amplifier?
Singing or playing up side down
How to overcome the difference between weighted and unweighted piano?
What am I given my vocal range?
Should a lyrics extension line (underscore) be used on tied notes?
Vocal recording with DJM 600 + Traktor Audio 6 + Mic
Musiс composed by AI
Garageband with UVI Grand Piano
Separate control of a loop pedal without effecting the main sound
How to sing like a crooner?
What difference does the direction of a stem/beam make?
How can I improve my musical ear so I can detect notes on different instruments?
Question on the harmony in Sweet Child o'mine
Difficulty in playing Guitar in Standing posture
Sheet music with no fractional time signature - how to read?
Lefty retraining to play guitar right handed
How do I help/tutor my sister for her solo?
Confusion with 7th note of major and minor scales
Name of a chord without third but sixth
What does "in two" mean with respect to tempo?
How to play two voices with a large range in the same hand?
Saxophone vs. Clarinet differences for Traditional Jazz
My guitar has a problem - no signal to the amp. How can I fix it?
Plugging an electrical instrument into computer
Smooth Distortion Sound
Use of diminished—major seventh chords
When did voice parts start using treble clef?
Modern Cello Pedagogue
Intonation exercises for string players
Basics piano practise progression
How to create a stereo sound with independent channels in Adobe Audition?
weird chord progression question
What is this scale?
How can I create bass like in "HandClap"?
Is Non-chord Tone always the top note?
How can I overcome performance anxiety?
Wood hoops vs steel hoops
Creating a symbol to repeat the previous n bars in Sibelius
Sun-Ra's harmonies and intervals for the layperson
Could you say that in an orchestra some instruments talk to each other?
Why does minor scale and minor chord differ in degrees?
Positioning the sound in 3D using VST plugins
Keyboard over keyboard positioning
Learning Scales, should I initially focus on thirds and sixths as well?
Nylon guitar neck bowing from steel strings
Sibelius voices/ offset noteheads
The loudest acoustic instrument
Guitar Amplifier cause TV to flicker
Would a tiny pulse of electricity sent through electric guitar strings affect the pickups enough to be heard?
Real reverb vs virtual reverb
Why do some organs have multiple keyboards?
Getting the piece out of your head
Which wood is best for cajon
Is there a field of music integrated with computer science?
What equipment do I need to listen to a synthesizer?
A quick question about connecting effect pedals to an amplifier head
Why can different notes other of the original chord progression can be used?
3/4 eigth notes to 4/4 triplets? How to calculate tempo?
How will I surely know whether the note I sang was right when compared to its previous note and if I was singing the proper scale?
How do you interpret unconventional symbols in notation?
What are Techniques for Ring finger and Pinky Finger
Difficulty with pitch and precision when bowing
What is the origin behind the 1-1-1/2-1-1-1-1/2 tones intervals in the diatonic scale?
Teaching hard passages to a child
Advice on recording a guitar
Do alternative tunings exist for 12-string guitars?
What's the term for ending a melody on a non chord tone?
What is meant exactly, by having a 'raw' singing voice?
Is there any standard or semi-standard taxonomy of world music by ethnic/cultural background?
Bass needs a cleanin'
I would like to know few things about chord progression
Beethovens pathetique 2nd movement
Synthesizer question
Tin Whistle as a second instrument, easy to play single notes?
What do 'vent holes' do on a music stand?
Incorporating the piano into the orchestra - when and why?
How is Middle C generally defined and located on any instrument?
Can MIDI latency before soft synth/audio rendering be an issue?
What voltage/amperage is a recording interface (a pre-amp) expecting?
Plagal cadence or Imperfect cadence
Why play a B chord on piano with this fingering?
What is the purpose of this notation?
How to make a MIDI keyboard to work wirelessly with a Mac mini?
Bass guitar: how to avoid sound when string hits fret
is all the 5 pentatonic the same finger position the same doesn't matter key your using it on?
Sibelius playback glitches
How to finger this fast passage?
Guitar book to complement my guitar lessons
Difference between Strike, Brush, Crescendo and Arpeggio
I cannot spread my fingers easily. Am I anatomically disadvantaged for playing the guitar?
Roman Numeral Analysis
Muting my trombone
How to notate a change to triplet feel part-way through a song?
How to perfect little finger position
How does one play altissimo notes on an alto sax? specifically embouchure
Mapping the "change kit" action to a trigger on Alesis DM10
When and how to switch from wrists to fingers while practicing rudiments
How to change the speed of a melody without changing the BPM?
How do I indentify this (Rach)? score
How to analyse chord progression
Songwriting theory - chord structures etc
Fingerstyle - Alternating Bass, Pinch or Bass Alone?
How can I transfer GarageBand software instruments or find equivalents in Ableton Live?
What does wattage of amplifier corresponds to?
Did Joaquin Rodrigo's Concierto de Aranjuez infringe on Mahler's Sixth Symphony?
Is Escala's «Clubbed to Death» a passacaglia?
Understanding and distinguishing piano slurs and phrases
What speed should I achieve for 8th note exersizes on the guitar
How does the sound of the neck pickup differ from the sound of the bridge pickup?
Is a whole note always four beats?
Lilypond: Can't create title for song
What's this F#m8b12b#8 chord?
What chord does the following figured bass represent in this progression?
Types of Amplifiers
Buying Electric guitar
I play oboe and I'm in the top band, but I feel like a failure whenever my band director yells at me
Reading trombone notes
What is a 'French King' Saxophone?
Part time courses in Jazz music in Germany
Bassoon intonation problems on low notes
What's the correct way to practice complex/syncopated rhythms?
How Do You Change the Pitch of a Sample In Alchemy Without Affecting Speed?
How to map a modulation on a simple key-button in Ableton Live 9
What is a fanfare and on which instrument would it be best to play it on?
What is the best length of time to practice for a clarinet?
How to know you are a good singer
Is there a way to check if your time signature conversion is correct?
New to piano, and Treble Clef turned into a bass clef (giving me two bass). How would I play the notes? Which would be middle c?
How do you call this tuning?
Can you beam together a 1/16 note and a 1/8 note?
How much freedom for expression is given in RockSchool Vocal exams?
I want to be able to reproduce songs on the piano
Is it possible to play completely legato 5 finger legato at a very high tempo?
Pickups with Acoustic Instruments
what is it called when you hit the centre of a crash cymbal
Find out scale from these 3 chords
Should you change the strings on a brand new guitar?
How are guitar chords built?
How to reduce noise in a mixing console
Why do I hear keys that I didn't press on the piano?
Too many notes in this measure
Rick Wright's style of playing
Theory vs Practice
Muddy sound from guitar
Recorded acoustic guitar with Focusrite Scarlett 6i6 and Pro Tools | First but getting noise
Need help with a quiz question please
What does this symbol mean in cello music?
With a song with drums, etc, how do you determine the tempo of the song?
Name of fifth organ manual
Clarinet low e quite sharp
What is the term when a non diatonic chord ends a musical phrase?
Compound time to simple time
Difference between sounding of pianos
Adding cristality to ride and hats
How do you play the down and up strums for syncopated strumming for the guitar?
A chord to follow B6 for use with melody?
Is a Volume Control Device the Most Effective Solution to the Problem of a Noisy Acoustic Guitar?
Don't understand this guitar tablature notation
1- #5- 8 Chord naming convention
Where does my voice belong?
Home studio for guitar question
Chord theory for B5#4
Playing in Eb tuning with capo on the first fret
ABRSM Exams: Repeating of bars.
I'm starting to feel depressed playing by myself
Double inverted chord?
Using Key signature but scale is going out onto ledger lines
Where can I get a pen that draws sheet music?
What does the ° symbol mean , as in F#°?
Does a melody (which will be used with chords) need to have the notes in the same scale?
Why are so many pieces originally written for the lute now arranged for guitar?
How do I keep my E string from "squeaking"?
Do I risk ruining my guitar by switching the tuning often?
Switch from minor melodies to major
Would an instrument that tuned itself harmonically on the fly sound in tune?
Singing On Pitch?
Is there something unique about the interval at the beginning of West Side Story's Jet Song (because I can never sing it from memory)
How much does a good electric guitar cost
Sheet music difficulty rating
How do composers get their works performed?
Stretches for inflexible adult beginner violin players
Scales, Theory and memorization
Tips for tuning floating bridge guitars?
Why does the English horn have a French name, and the French horn an English name?
How would I play this on viola?
What have I misunderstood about calculating intervals?
What Chord uses notes F#/Gb B D?
Do, Re, Fa, Mi in Mozart's 1st symphony
Harmony of Lauro's El Marabino Waltz
Is Lilypond actively developed? Will the format become obsolete?
How to emphasise a note in a group of notes in right hand?
How can one learn to reproduce notes with one’s voice?
Vocal-Melodies& VocalLines
Does the microphone gear/setup used to record vocals determine the output quality of the music or does the mixing and mastering?
Vocals in music
What are all the themes in the finale of Mozart's symphony 41?
What semantic notions underlie the Ancient Greek 'Anacrusis' and its meaning as 'pickup note'?
Chord construction using the minor scale
How did notating develop?
What clef was first?
Andante assai usual interpretation
print music scores from midi files
Identifying a contrasting pair of musical memory trait
When does a song become a Hit?
An instrument needs two or more to play
Chord Progressions and changes
File format with track layers
Sound of guitar strings based on temperature
Duration of staccato
Can learning music theory from "Music Theory for Guitarists Volume 1" by Bruce Arnold teach me enough to start composing?
How should I wire multiple speakers for a live performance?
Is it possible to completely hide a staff from the score?
New technology being studied or developed to record the song in our heads?
how do you teach the difference between swing and the dotted eighth-sixteenth rhythm pattern
What is the pentad comping voicing for a G7#5 chord?
Octaves doubling on double bass in "Sometimes I'm happy" by Lester Young?
What does a percentage sign with a number in brackets above mean?
Balalaika Fingering Standards
Lilypond voice difficulty analysis
How does enclosure affect sound of guitar cabinet?
Should the forearm rest on the electric guitar?
chords, chord theory, and bass lines
Theory behind I iii IV V
Figured bass help. Am I on the right track with it?
Buzzing in first and fifth postion
Two equal E notes on guitar
Adding sustain to notes in Finale
Leading Bass note
Harmonics and muted notes
Effects and mixing
Bass in music composition
How to correctly practice right-hand techniques (beginner)
Game of Thrones Main Title buzzing
Composition and instrumental voices
Should you play open strings in first position?
Online database of four part hymns
How to filter noise can be heard when electric motor starts
What sort of practice or training I lack?
Fermata over a rest at the end of the piece?
a flute question - low B status
Technique: How to produce even sound of an octave in Bamboo flute [Bansuri]?
Recording setup for live performances with various sound engineers in various venues
Notes value practise without metronome
Chord changes and basslines
How do you play this trill?
Beginner guitar learning I,IV & V
Voices doubling a dotted note in Lilypond
How to play sixteenth note
Stylistically appropriate triplet interpretation of dotted eighth-sixteenth
A special playing technique for harmonics as seen in Sungha's Cover of Creep
Why can't we play or convert our daily conversation into piano notes?
What does this rhythm notation after the tempo mean?
Pitch-class set theory
Whats my vocal type?
Fingering a chord with three pinky fingers?
Indicating Key Signature Change
How to approach playing rhapsodic passages against left hand in Chopin prelude#24?
4 consecutive non-chord tones
Optimum Singing Pitch
What pitch should my guitar be in
Interpretation of Bach's ornaments
Key signature change from D Major to G Major?
Why notate this song with 2/4 and not 4/4
Recognize musical elements in real time
Passagio Points & Vocal Breaks
Notation question: vertical lines on the staff
How to practice organ at home?
Bass line melodies
What does fr<number> mean in guitar music, alongside a ringed number?
What is Fuzzy Transposition?
Homophonic Voice Leading (Hymns)
Guitar Frequency
Can I access midi through a keyboard with only usb?
How to learn a new guitar tuning
Is there a name for when a line is too long for the metre?
Repeat symbol in the middle of the measure because of my lyrics and a starting rest
Is this theoretical "reed" acoustically possible?
Hands-separate piano practice doesn't seem to help with hands-together playing
Problem with lyrics and horizontal alignment of notes in measure
Music Practical Grades: Average time it takes to reach Grade 8
Melisma not extending when second voice has notes during it
Difference between tempo and bpm
Why does the classic guitar have a body with that specific size and shape?
Quartal and quintal chords?
What's voice leading and how does it work?
why guitars are built differently?
Doubling Chord Tones
Listening for chord changes
Documentation for the embedded cue point format of Traktor/Serato/Ableton/
Evolution from scales to series?
Why is there a sharp and a natural over this Bb?
Tuning machines are too sensitive and change the pitch too much. What should I do?
Notes grouped under a number
High "whistling" noise from my guitar/bass amplifiers in my home recording facility
What does "Trad. G" as a chord mean?
Finding the correct BPM/Time Signature
Lydian Guitar Voicing (Maj7 #4 Chord)
What instrument do you record first?
Routing individual tracks of a Hardware Synth to FL Studio's mixer
What is the most efficient way to memorize chord changes?
Fourth and fifth right finger play too loud
Effect of an impaired finger on playing piano
How to make vocal growl less airy?
How Do You Rewrite 6/8 Time To 3/4 Time?
Term for multiple strings finger picked simultaneously
Help with multiple voice harmonization
Key of themes in soundtrack
How do I manage internalizing foundation for chords, scales, hamonies and voicing
Enharmonic equivalent of C sharp in key of D major?
Yamaha Acoustic electric serial number
What are the dimensions of piano keys, in inches?
What is meant by a “tattoo”?
Electric guitar nut sticking
Czerny 599 Goal Tempo
Is Yousician's way a right way to teach piano?
Sustain pedal works
How common are mistakes while playing guitar?
One or two mics to cover most budget studio applications?
Does capo quality make any difference?
Music theory, writing open and short score
For ear training what is the best sound to match pitch against? How does this work across voice range?
What is the roman numeral assigned to an Eb major chord in the key of F major?
Is it recommended to practice sight reading by "feeling out the music" instead of counting
Are there any DAWs that aren't in real time?
What does "Mm." in this case mean?
Slow thumb on piano
Learning chord inversions
So... 84 modal scales vs actual practice and usage
How to play three staves simultaneously on the piano?
Under what circumstances can a V be followed by a vi6?
What should I practice to become a good soloist?
Connect PC and headphones to digital piano
How to analyze consecutive V7 chords
Why thinner strings in a pair are on top position?
Playing the violin independently
Artistic side of composition
Finding The Key Of A Song
What's the name in english of putting your voice over a leading voice in a song?
Sustained note out of tune with short note
Strategies for improving timing
Where is "one"? How do you keep track?
How do you find the tempo of a song with piano as only instrument?
How does this drop 3 voicing work?
What Instruments could have been used to make this 'seashell'-sound?
Intervals and cantus firmus
No Slider Bar for Show Instruments in Tuxguitar 1.4
I pressed hard on the floyd rose bridge
Live strings on Epiphone sg special 2
Tuplets in music
Overdrive, Gain and Distortion
What is the terminology for a piece of guitar played in the following cases
Evading strings in between on guitar
How do I improve my muscle memory for playing piano?
What's the name of this guitar technique?
Using chord notes separately
Harmonica 1St position
How to notate a quick open and close hi-hat?
what are the main elements of classical music composition?
How do “voice-leading”, “part-writing”, “polyphony” and “counterpoint” differ?
How does the Digitech Freqout pedal work?
Connecting a small mixing board to a combo amp to create more channels
Concerning individual string picking - when (it what situations) should the pick be angled, and when should it be perpendicular to the string?
Is there something wrong with my recording, I guess the timing sounds strange but I cannot tell exactly whats wrong
How do I mark intervals?
What is a duplex
Time Signature in Bruno Mars's 24k Magic Breakdown
On Bach' fourteen canons
What effect does compression have on music?
Equalization in music
Banjolele tuning and string tension
Why are guitar strings named in such a nonintuitive manner?
Useful excercises for building and regaining Guitar fingering endurance and speed
Hardware MIDI sequencer
EQ and Filters in music
Why do people with perfect pitch perceive tunes not in 440 Hz out of tune?
What exercises do pianists use to get used to a new piano?
Chord function of "NOW AND FOREVER"
Best way to score melodic piano lines across both hands
How to show an empty chord in an anacrusus
How do I rationalize this interesting chord in Mozart K. 331?
Approximately how many cents are in a 1-bpm shift centered around 123 bpm?
Suggestions for practising playing in tune
Is this an acceptable variation on the 12-bar blues?
White notes on black background
How to notate an improvisation section around a theme?
Unusual flat symbol?
Singing With Cork
How do you maintain a cuica in good playing condition?
How to apply guitar scale patterns to make music?
How do I spell a note when none of the usual rules make a difference?
Vocal ranges and voice types
How do inversions work in relation to the root
How do these substitute chord examples work?
Drums in Apartment
Piano: Right pinkie and ring finger peculiarly weak
Vocals: Application of notes at the extremity of range?
sight reading music
What to practice when injured?
Why is the submediant chord in a D Dorian mode a Bm7b5?
How to mix guitar and other source(laptop, mp3 player) into headphones?
Tessitura of a piece
Tonal Serialism
I'm learning to play the guitar. What chords should I learn next?
what does a chord/chord mean? like V/V or something
What is dominant embellishment?
How would you calculate the name of this C/A# 7th chord?
Given a riff, how do you find a suitable chord progression to it?
Assign/Export a MIDI channel to one speaker only
What would this kind of synth tone be called, and how would one recreate it?
Alto sax and tenor sax
Playing tenor sax is easy for me. Is a clarinet really that hard?
Notation problems in ABCjs
I'm trying to figure out number of measures
Are there rules of thumb that let me quickly determine a possible playing position from the key?
'A' Chord on Guitar
Choosing speaker resistance and power handling for a 1W amp head
What is the difference between the speaker in a bass amp and sub?
What types of orchestra degrees are there
Figuring out a modulation
how do you build chords from a melody idea?
Is even-interval tuning a sensible idea for lead guitar?
Does the cold affect Acoustic guitar strings?
Why does my guitar sound different when I put more pressure on a fret?
Making 12 bar blues more interesting
I am another plateau victim
Flamenco - How to find band mates that appreciate it and in a new town?
Jimmy Hendrix bending guitar
Could anybody help me with ableton live lite 9 and softube Plugins .
Why does my new guitar become untuned every day?
How can I substitute for live keyboard sound?
How to Write Out a Round in Sheet Music
ABRSM: Skipping grades
Should I progress to harder pieces before mastering easier ones?
Is this cello distorted?
Compact bodyless guitar for travelling
G note on my guitar dies out quickly and has a 'thump' kind of noise
How are/were the "non-standard" modes used?
Different approaches to Latin pronunciation in Early Music
How do I know that this key is a flat or sharp key? Piano
What is the theory behind vocal warm up?
How should I play piano walking bass over IV7 - #iv dim7 - I7 (bars 5, 6, 7) in "Basie blues?"
Transposing Music
Flat five chord following a half-dimished chord examples
How to Mark the Fretboard without damaging the guitar?
Transpose Songs To Fit My Vocal Range
Is it bad to leave my microphone in its clip?
Halo Sport For Instrument Practice
Scales and corresponding Chords
Why G Major signature uses f sharp, but not g flat?
Importance of using all fingers while playing guitar
Trills in sheet music
why are C7 and Cmaj7 different chords
How to display instrument name always unshortened in MuseScore?
How should I bow this marking?
Song Out Of Range
How does one describe the melody of a song?
What should a beginner look for in drumsticks?
Do Most Pop Songs Have An Instrument Play Chords While The Singer Sings The Melody
What's the name of the scale/mode that consists of the notes C,C#,E,F,G,G#, and A#?
What's it called when the band repeats the lyrics from the lead singer?
How to improve Pull-offs
How to figure out piano chord progressions while playing?
Determining quality of triad in F Major
Transposing Range
Listening problem
Free time in music
Removing 'popping' sounds & reverb in a live setting
Table of contents of songbooks
Are these "standard" piano fingerings for the blues scale?
Conflict of playing a note when both melody and chord require it
What is the difference between the American and the French systems?
Is there any way to get the "center" channel having a stereo track?
does fully diminished fit into diatonic harmony?
How to spell half whole dim scale?
Does FLow Machine's AI music-generating algorithm rely substantially on current music theory?
What are some of the underlying harmonies/scales behind this type of songs?
Playing Violin fingering
Piano Grade 2 Aural test - Triple or double time
How to play a piece right in one take?
What was the purpose of Jean Adam Guilain's Organ Suites?
Can any song in a major key be performed in C major?
What should a good acoustic piano feel like?
How should I interpret decimals in guitar tabs?
For sight reading, do I need to start at the beginning?
How did people tune their instruments in the past?
How to master dynamics while self-learning the piano?
What are the impications of Varnishing Drum Shells?
Standard scratch samples used in every dang song ever
How to crossover non-neighboring strings on the violin?
What is this Called?
What led to the historical predominance of the four-part harmony in Western Music?
why do some acoustic guitars have more bass?
MIDI file resets Garritan to default
Violin notation: what does this little note mean?
my Fender Super Champ X2 makes a whooshing sound, will new tubes fix this?
record guitar chords with a pedal
Right approach to learn major and minor scales
Pitch Class Set Trichords
Lilypond first alternative has only one note
What is "Upbeat Music"?
Guitar Pro voicings limitation. Need Guitar Pro expert!
Roman numeral analysis help~
How do I tell which power chords go with a key?
How can I determine which chord to play?
Learning guitar with a simulator and android app
Ornament Symbol for Triplet
How do I notate for the sostenuto pedal?
What comes after vocal warm ups and Exercises?
Guitar Low E string can't be tuned properly
Should loudness be maintained after crescendo or decrescendo?
Midi keyboard as electronic keyboard
MIDIs sound different depending on the player?
AI composing counterpoint?
How to Overcome High Action/Heavy Gauge Strings on a 12-string?
How can I play the same note in these chords on piano?
Extra note in lilypond mensural layout with petrucci-f4
How to practice legato slide on the guitar?
Bending One String While Fretting Another - Technique?
Perfect & Relative Pitch, and its relation to genetics?
Will hanging a guitar in a cabinet have an effect on the instrument?
What tempo is andante con moto?
What is the meaning of a line that passes between the G-clef and the F-clef?
Having problems playing the A chord because of the low E
What word describes an instrument’s native character?
Can an active DI box provide phantom power for a condenser microphone?
Function of C# chord in the key of Dm
Composing in one key and then switch to another
In Oboe is it necessary to use the left pinky when playing F, D without a slur
Looper routing ideas?
Chord progressions/ Root key/ Melodies
Outside music, what can music theory educate or teach?
Tone preference
Chord progressions fluctuations
Piano Trill Question?
MIDI volume level and expression interation
where to place accent for beat when stem is above note
Modulating from A-flat major to C major (Beethoven)
How to use Fruity Compressor in FL Studio?
mixing 2 signals question
When to start signaling a change in pop music?
What does "H.=H" mean?
Resonance in electric guitar
Major scale picking
Beethoven sonata pathetique, playing with small hands
What are these dots above a note?
What's the name of this scale/mode?
m7b5 Chords in a Chord Progression?
How do you transform tune or hum in your mind to actual music on guitar
audio converter from guitar to piano
What is a buffered effects loop in a guitar amp?
Modulating from B major to A minor
What alternate tuning improves ease of playing in a specific family of keys?
Tuning a string instrument with well temperament
How to determine the time signature of a polyrhythm with two parts?
In C-major when hearing a b "resolve" to an f and not a c when singing the b
I have a non weighted keyboard, and can't buy a new one. Can I still learn piano using it?
Is there a use for the Neapolitan chord other than resolving to the tonic or dominant?
Transfering audio recordings from reel-to-reel to PC
What is the difference between a Bandoneon and an Accordion?
Can i play an F# note on a guitar melodic passage over a G chord bar?
Chord substituion in Django's Belleville
Fret buzz-Harmony H22
Chord Leading. Help with harmonic movement using Root position and inversions
How to properly create ties from midi file
Gypsy Jazz - Improvisation
What is my vocal type? Help me :D!
Example of a child which got in two years very far on the guitar with just a very moderate amount of practice
Techniques for arranging multiple, complementary compositions
I want to be as good at guitar as a session player
How much are composers aware of the harmony structure they are using?
Task of the guy who reads the score and sits next sound technician at movie
name for two quavers = one crotchet, one quaver, as a triplet
Why is there no standardized size for violas?
How to smoothly slow down after you've accidentally sped up
How can I sing multiple notes at the same time?
What does this squiggly vertical line marking mean?
How do I record piano and voice music to the best of quality?
How to use modes in popular music?
How to prevent guitar's neck from bending?
Distorted sound coming from Yamaha Electronic Piano
Head voice weak "a" vowel
Using Circle of Fifths to compose in Minor keys
What do P1 M2 M3 P4... mean when describing scale intervals?
Hearing Intervals In A Song
Where to get experience in performing?
Piano Notes wav file download
How should I practice the piano piece Fantaisie-Impromptu?
Playing scales over I IV V progression
How to write these notes?
How do I describe the rhythm in these songs?
can you play dynamics on the electric keyboard?
Do I have perfect pitch?
Is this a harmonic riff?
Is it possible to "unbend" a warped bow of a string instrument?
Modulation across the circle of fifths
What are 1st, 2nd, and 3rd position on a Mandolin?
What are some other basic forms besides ABA and ABACA?
Mediant, submediant, and minor keys
Theoretical Question about "Smoke On The Water"
How do performers read music?
Any bed sheets thick enough to be used as sound proofing?
Beethoven Kreutzer string quintet
Bar range description: inclusive, semi-inclusive or exclusive?
How would I fit a 4 chord progression into 3 bars?
Is it possible to find strings in any integer size?
Finding Roman Numeral Degree of Measure with Accidentals
Splitting octave into different intervals
What is stopping me from Singing?
How to put chords (POP-EDM) under a given lead vocal melody (starting from a good knowledge in music theory)
What kind of wood is 'Lava Burl' in Cajon?
How Far Does Practice Get You?
Do I even need a guitar FX pedal board these days?
what are good chords to follow a V6 chord? good chord progressions, etc
Film Scoring non-diatonic chord changes. Any good books?
Are there any modern theories on 5-part harmony?
Best way to learn piano for basic skills?
what´s wrong with my guitar
Writer's block: how do you know when lyrics are "ready"?
Alice Phoebe Lou — Name of the fingerpicking technique
Lilypond: \transpose syntax for an entire song
What is the difference between grouped and separated quarter notes
Why do listeners hear the lowest note of a chord most distinctly?
Is there a name for music that is just harmony + melody?
Triads with thirds that aren't major or minor?
Sharing or exporting music with Sibelius First
Setting "blurred" consecutive vowels
How do we record and sync four multiple audio tracks for a video?
What is the correct process for deriving the 'mirror' or 'negative' harmony of a progression?
How to quickly know the notes in a key?
What is the name of the scale containing A, Bb, C#, D, E, F?
How long is an appoggiatura in triple time?
Piano learning books: history
Singing notes aloud while playing a piece
Where is the IV-V-I progression in this example?
What is the technique used in Beethoven's "Für Elise"
Need help with multi out BFD3 in Ableton 9.7.1
Negative harmony: What does it mean to "rotate around the axis"?
If you invert a chord, doesn't it lose its defining bass note?
Why do we have inversions but not permutations?
Are chord progressions used in classical music?
Is it possible to play whole notes (in Andante tempo) in bowed strings instruments?
In strings bowed instruments, is it possible to play a chord in two not adjacent strings?
Antiphonal violins and the arrangement of the strings in an orchestra
Reference frequency computation procedure explanations
Unplayed 2nd voice in notation - spaces or rests
Piano notation for trilling just one note in a chord?
MIDI keyboard action for harpsichord practice
Why do most children's songs use I-IV-V?
What key is the chord progression of Ab, Bb C?
How long on average does it take to receive ABRSM grading results?
What's in a phrase?
Effects processor in FX loop always?
A name for a note that is higher or lower than the neighboring notes
What kind of E is this? (What is this type of variation called?)
Guide to Applying Music Theory to Guitar
Is there a term for metric equivalence analogous to "enharmonic" for pitch equivalence?
Digital mixer to digital mixer
Why is the perfect fifth the nicest interval?
Guitar: using the same finger to pluck
Is the IV chord a perfect fifth in disguise?
Can you change chord progressions from chorus to verses or would that sound disjointed?
Does everybody perceive the same tonic?
Why is an Offbeat not perceived as Onbeat?
Are there any cases that a minor triad can be a dominant chord?
Singing heard notes accurately
Spelling diminished and augmented chords
Alto clef makes so much sense; why isn't it used more often
Balanced xlr to unbalanced xlr
Why does flipping not keep nice-sounding things nice?
What is the left hand doing in classical music?
How to figure out an inverted chord by ear?
Do I need an amplifier to play Epiphone ES 339 Pro?
Beginning on the Dulzaina
Is a melody note always included in the harmony's chord?
What is the science behind pleasant chord progressions?
What are the keys chord progression?
Is the bagpipe a transposing instrument?
My jazz guitar doesnt sound like jazz
Can music time signatures really be irrational?
Logic Pro X multi outputing problem
Are the iv and V chords used in the minor scale just like the major scale?
What is the most common minor scale?
Old Books with chord progression charts or matrices?
Why are drums from high to low and other instruments from low to high?
In Guitar Pro, how do I specify fret numbers for a chord?
Is there any way for my to become a better judge of my playing? Especially while I'm playing
What musical/piano skills can be developed when practicing in a 25 keys keyboard?
USB MIDI connection lost when restarting the keyboard
Are the little blocks of wood inside a ukulele body necessary for sound?
Preparatory studies for Moonlight 3rd movement
Transporting Stratocaster and tremolo arm?
How to record guitar outdoor and in studio and then sync both perfectly
Does music have a relative interval notation?
Is there a compilation of The Well-Tempered Clavier voice-leading reductions?
What do I need to know to get accepted into college for any music-related major?
Why do some instrument mostly use flats, while others use sharps more?
Well-Tempered not Clavier?
How to merge multiple MIDI files into one?
How do experienced pianists sight-read chords?
Is there a way to write a chord where part is forte, but another part piano?
tuning a recorded sample to another
Wrist pain from drumming?
TuxGuitar 1.4 Cannot Edit Volume
Not able to print more than one page with Guitar Pro 6
Why are time signatures not used in this score?
substituting combo amp for speaker
Combining Boss ME25 with an Amp
Struggling to identify the name of a track element that plays alongside the melody
How can I quickly change output of channel strip in Logic Pro X
What does an accomplished pianist's first time with a new piece sound like?
Which guitar to pick for playing flamenco?
Am I using my noise gate wrong?
Strong and weak beats in subdivisions
Help getting rhythm from head to staff
Do ear trained pianists think in absolute or relative pitches?
How should I deal with enharmonics on the Chromatic Harmonica?
What is the technique behind chords progression
Can a song use a different set of chords in its harmony?
How Is This a Dominant 7th Chord?
Burgmuller op. 109, "characteristic studies": what are they characteristic of?
Double basses - C extension v 5 strings v neither
Is it true that Mozart would pale in comparison to child prodigies today?
What is the parent major scale of F sharp minor seventh flat 5
Pain in hand while playing bass and hand positioning
How to analyze a new music piece?
Why do intervals have such complicated names?
Difference between pitch and volume
Playing octaves in piano
What is the default minor scale?
How to link instruments in a Sibelius arrangement to instruments in a soundfont file for playback?
Do I need to adjust the truss rod when I change string gauge
Rationale of piano finger positions for a melody (Beginner Query)
How can I keep the wrists relaxed when playing staccato octaves?
What note names should I use to refer to accidental notes in chords, when, and why?
How to tell the difference between a difficult passage and a lack of technical skill?
What's it called when the right hand harmonizes the melody?
country singing harmony
Why do some parts of a song sound better than others?
Classical Guitar Piece Notation
Tuning up to get All Fourths Tuning
What software can change guitar backing track one-half step lower?
Fingering Positions and Crossing the Strings
How should I distinguish between syncopation or un-metrical rhythm?
Trying to uninstall Sibelius 8.2
How to write this measure on Finale Notepad?
What is the Easiest Way to Synchronise Chords and Melody?
Should slurs encompass tied notes from before and/or after?
Same number above notes in violin sheet
Asked about graduation of music graduate school
Can I use my Yamaha i455 Keyboard as an external speaker?
How can we relate mathematic permutations to music?
BPM matching pre-recorded vocals in GarageBand
Time between beats in a 60 bpm song
Arco sulla tastiera
Terminology in music loop
Why is C-F# a diminished fifth instead of an augmented fourth?
Interpretation - How should one play the bass line in Chopin's Op.25 No.11 (Winter Wind)?
Piano sheet music - hard copy with art?
(Answered: A Persian Tar) What is the name of this stringed instrument? It is stringed, skinny, and has a hour-glass-shaped-body
Having significant difficulty with Bach's two part inventions for piano
How do musicians synchronize with the playback keyboards/ambience when live?
Do piano composers often start out with C major?
Trumpet - Should I think in concert pitch or not?
How to find efficiently and systematically audiovisual analysis of pieces?
Carpet under guitar amp or on floor
Is my trumpet sound shifted?
Are chord transitions and strumming patterns necessary for learning lead guitar?
Term wanted for different combinations of instruments
Fingering on sheet music?
Beams in classical vocal music
What is the difference between lower G note and upper G note?
What should I know about leading the American national anthem with the violin?
Music production without low-latency software
Difference between violin and piano sheet music regarding notes on treble clef
Horn transposing
What are some "must-do" vocal exercises to be done everyday?
What is this singing style called?
How do I aurally recognize microtonality?
What is the "Devil's Note" and why is it called that?
13/8 notation: how many bar lines for readability?
Do professional choirs run-through on the day?
Alternatives to the «Suzuki Violin School» series?
What's the purpose of a drum teacher in today's age?
Moonlight sonata fingering
When a chord changes is the melody a chord tone?
Do you have to use all notes in a particular scale
Should I learn all diatonic chords in all keys?
What's the difference between a scale and a key?
What Gives Modern R&B Its "Sound"
Mandolin Tuning Trouble
Can I use the middle piano pedal to sustain a repetitive melody line?
Difference in technical skills needed for Bach 2 part inventions vs. Clementi Op. 36
Is it a good idea use a vocal effect to add interest in vocal pratice?
Piano bass and chords
Rapid change in humidity?
Can a soundboard, if designed with the right shape and materials, be as accurate as a series of tubes for filtering/amplifying desired frequencies?
Piano beginner - Practicing duple time with metronome - 2 clicks or 4?
Tips on Memorizing Chords that are in Different Scales
Self study from nil
What is the relationship between the bass line and a chord progression
Do I have to replace all violin strings when E string broke?
Modern dance music?
Why do Talkbox and Autotune effects sound similar?
Sustain pedal levels
Recording an acoustic guitar with passive under-saddle pickup-system and having much noise
Is there any rule about the length of a phrase or the value of a bar?
What exactly is the "cross modulation" on Roland Jupiter and JX analog synthesizers?
Beat note confusion, and not being able to work out the correct time signature
Are the I IV V chords the heart of music and harmony?
What is the proportion of tenors?
Studio Monitors for rehearsals
What collection is this?
Why is Vivaldi's Seasons not the start of the Romantic Era?
How do I remove the left hand of the piano in MuseScore and Finale?
Should a stopbar tailpiece be level?
Music Theory Website Lessons
Are there geometric symmetries in musical harmonics?
What do these X's mean i'm trying to learn counting stars on Guitar but have no idea how to play these
Strumming all string but just one note. Something like Jimi Hendrix did
Where do big DJs get their music?
Why is a Perfect Fourth Considered Consonant?
How do you play two chords at once on piano?
How to correctly play an arpeggio on the classical guitar?
Can I become a professional musician
Trumpet - Trouble with high notes?
Teaching proper piano posture
Melodic Minor Modes
What is the rationale of note grouping?
How can I repair audio clipping?
What's the name of this symbol and what's the meaning of the slash over the note?
Is Natural minor actually a scale?
What are the top 3 most desired drumming skills?
My voice is suddenly gone
Indian light music: Can a light music/film song exceed 7 notes?
What should I further study to learn to write music better
Why do chords in a I-IV-V progression sometimes seem to change register?
Mental strategies to stay in time when improvising?
Do musicians who never learned to read music but play a transposing instrument learn the standard fingering names?
Negative Beat / Silence
Practicing Sight reading and Fingering on Piano
When performing for money, do musicians have to buy special sheet music for copyright purposes?
Harmony and Simplified Ratios of Frequency
How to compensate for inaccuracy of equal temperament?
For guitar does using strings of different tension change the amount you have to bend?
slur or tie to no note in Lillypond
How do i make that sound?
Saxophone trill fingering for E6-G6
Guitar hums even when only pickup is wired
Can Most Beatles and Carpenters songs be played on a 61 key keyboard?
How do I reserve all rights for my songs?
Compose Melody/Riffs in 4/4 Time
49 vs 61 piano keys
Putting text in a repeat without repeating the text
example song with lyrics and instrumental introduction?
Do orchestral string instruments need a pause before con sordino?
Software to edit MIDI played by Roland Keyboard
What is the origin of the triangle symbol for maj7 chords?
Better to know diatonic chords by pattern or by name?
what the material made of a plain electric guitar strings?
Maximising volume increases brightness
Differences between a floating and a non-floating tremolo bridge
How are varying degrees of accent notated?
Tempi and Metronome
Being deaf and still produce music, how is that possible
In what order should I put my guitar pedals?
How to notate this progression with text
The rhythm of Liszt's consolation no3
Playing perfect fifth in violin
Why is a bourdon tone added to this Von Bingen antiphone?
Sight singing at first sight
New or used digital piano?
How to get AMusTCL for theory by self learning?
Should a chord be repeated in inversions?
Is there any way in Audacity I can remove a backing track from a guitar performance?
When adjusting the neck of an acoustic guitar, what bending might be normal?
How do you "slur" two of the same notes?
Alternative to capo on 8th fret
Glancing at my hands while playing piano - how much is too​ much?
What scale is this
How do I enter Segno, Coda, D.S. al Coda into TuxGuitar?
If I Was To Cut a hole where a pic guard would be would it cause problems with the sound of the guitar?
what is the point in different guitar tuning?
Can simple compositions be "good"?
Scale Shapes or Patterns
Can a violin imitate the sound of an Erhu?
Intervals confusion
How did classical composers learn piano improvisation?
Note frequency fluctuation after fretting down the note? (electric guitar)
Arpeggios on chords. Alternate or economy picking?
How to adjust the height of a glued neck (little taylor)?
Are there any published attempts to catalog harmonic changes or progressions based on their subjective qualities?
What key to use for a certain meaning or theme in the song?
Rhythmic Analysis in a neo-Riemannian Manner
How to make the sound move from one channel to the other?
Acoustic finger tapping
Same Full bar rest in any time signature?
Understanding the claim - "If composers want sad music, they use those two notes" [B&C]
Writing a duplet in Lilypond
How to import a piano sound from a VST plugin into a synth?
Hearing Aid Problem
Help with string gauges for my vintage bass
Can you tie notes across multiple bars?
Ways to modulate from Lydian to the relative Mixolydian
Is a slash chord the same as an Inversion?
Daisy chaining a Harbinger 8 channel compact mixer
My alternate picking technique has reached a plateau
Audio Synthesis algorithms
Modern keyboard virtuosi?
What is the name of this instrument with 2 strings?
How to play A5-B5-C6 sequence on descant recorder?
Confused with Time Signature
what happens when we change the key
What combinations of wind instruments could mimic or closely resemble the timbre of a pipe organ?
Double- to single-sharp notation in lilypond - how to get rid of natural symbol?
How to practice bass drum without pedals
Santeria - Major III chord in major key?
Are violins waterproof?
Grade 1 Music Theory
having trouble with fast alternate picking
Trumpet - Is it bad practice to transpose tunes down for your register?
Baritone or Tenor?
avoiding thirds at lower frequencies
How could I use a loop pedal with the Yamaha YDP-160 electric piano?
How to recognize the modal scale starting from the chord?
How does 'diatonic' refer to 'heptatonic scale that includes 5 whole tones and 2 semitones'?
How do I bring out a melodic line in one hand on the piano?
How to sing just
Breaking symmetry in symmetric scales
How to learn to keep time while singing?
How do I figure out the fundamental frequency of a sound from its frequency spectrum?
Why did Aristotle think Dorian is the manliest mode?
Why did Albéniz write in C♭ instead of B?
Singing in keys?
What are the different ways of adding non-diatonic chords?
Guitar melody with open strings only
Using a DAW as a pure multi-channel playback device
Books on Piano technique?
Fingering C major arpeggio - Is fingering crucial when learning piano basics?
How can I get over the fear of being recorded in music?
Getting used to sing into a mic
What's the difference between ALAC and FLAC?
What is this "┌3┐" notation called? What is the count?
How is such an instrument called?
What is the easiest way to learn notation?
Do there exist contemporary composers writing in the style of Viennese classical music?
Confusing rhythms/tuplets in Le Sacre du Printemps?
Will lighter strings extend an acoustic guitar's life?
What is the Term for diatonic scale usage for a non diatonic chord?
Why do some progressions start off on any chord but the tonic?
Should I loosen the tension on the bow for a break?
Vocal (singing) ranges - surprisingly small differences!
Tempo di Louie indication
What would be good ways, preferably books, to practice dynamics on drums
How to maintain an existing repertoire of performance-worthy compositions?
Is it better to practice singing scales a cappella (with a tuner) or along with an instrument?
Does this exercise combine minor scale forms in proper classical style?
Using F major chord on a song in the key of G
In C major, how might the use of A#sus2 → E major be described from a theory standpoint?
How are alternate fingerings developed?
Breaking guitar strings too quick
can natural, harmonic and melodic minor (melodically and harmonically) be used together?
Left hand right hand confusion - reading
The meaning of a "7" in a chord
How to lower the tone of a natural horn?
How to practise a long but difficult passage
Changing clef position
Unmatched pairs for lilypond ties and slurs
How do pink floyd create their groovy basslines?
Are two pitches played simultaneously considered a chord?
What does "Bb7" mean above the stave?
Playing bass over a guitar solo
learning when to play a particular chord in a song?
What's the difference between pulse and beat?
How to hear / sing the notes in a chord?
In the aria "Queen of the Night", is there a name for the "screaming" part?
Need advice for guitar amplification in church
How to make a sound appear to be more distant?
What do the different reverb parameters mean?
What does it mean when two notes are stuck together?
Should I keep on the old strings when sending my guitar to be set up?
Why does signal clipping create more resonance in the upper harmonics
What is the point of drilled guitar pick?
Harmonic Motif vs Melodic Motif?
Why is classical harmony usually more complex than modern harmony?
Asking written-out full score of some standard Jazz repertoire
Is it acceptable to duplicate notes between vocal and piano part?
Should tempo markings go above or below 1st/2nd time bar brackets?
Does composing and learning music theory solely on DAWs restrict one's learning experience?
Playing acoustic guitar in a dormitory room
What exactly is the "tonic sol–fa" system, and how is it different from solfège?
Studio monitors: Should we break them in and why?
Proper playing of Rachmaninoff Piano Concerto No. 2 in C minor
Ribbon mics and Focusrite Scarlett USB audio interface
Effect of voicing / bass note on function of 7sus4 chord
Intervals for ear training
How does a Guitar Sustainer Clamp work?
Can I remove some of the chords from a song?
Tuning my ukulele strings
what's the purpose behind these alternate namings for intervals?
In twelve tone serialism, why is the same note written with two different Note Names?
Tempo for Hanon for beginners
keys with just intonation on guitar with standard tuning
In difficult keys, is it really best to think in terms of accidentals?
My guitar instrument produced a perfect sine wave?
Can I find an affordable recorder with three or more octaves?
How can I prevent filters from falling from my earplugs when I remove them?
Sound delay after repair
What scale contains the pattern - Root, +2, +1, +3, +1, +2, +1, +2?
What is the least amount of (famous) songs possible that covers up all the 25 intervals (asc+desc+P1)?
Why does the A♭–C–F♯ augmented sixth chord resolve to G?
Upper turn Nocturne
What are the important beats in a measure and how do they affect music?
Why is a Cadence important in music?
Multiple voicings in measures
How do I record Keyboard or guitar in Studio One?
Is a lydian II - V - I progression common?
What is this chord? (R)–m3–A4–m7
In a music scale why C ? why not D♭♭ or B♯?
Is this a I IV V ii progression?
Is there a term for this compositional technique?
What is the name of the musical sign consisting of two slanted parallel lines at the top of the staff?
Enhancing a frequency band with Audacity
Having trouble understanding my homework
Modal Cadence Options
Dominant 7th and Mixolydian
Was there any point of me buying an expensive silver plated flute?
Mode mnemonics instead of memory
Background music for Kids, looking for suggestions on instruments and ornaments
Pre-program a song in synthesia
Singing Higher with Power
Why does this use sometimes the E arpeggio and sometimes the Em arpeggio?
Is there a key change in this chord progression?
On turkish Makams possible combinations
How can a force on a tone be in two different directions at the same time? What's the practical ramification of that force?
Staff in Staff group starts after the start of the piece
What is it called when you change notes rapidly in one word
Not sure why this works?
Pitch notation in different countries
Trying to build my barre skills. Fingering much better but as I change chords, everything mutes. Is it just more practice and work?
What is the term for out of key playing with a singular monophonic instrument?
What body style is this guitar?
What is the name of this chord? D Eb A
How to do the transitions between chords smoothly
Sound processing - get one track per instrument/voice automatically
How to play dynamics marks on drums / snare
In which key are cadence of major chords: G D F C?
Is it better to think of this chord as Bm or C♭m?
Playing songs by ear (steps)
How hard would it be to switch from a bass clarinet to a soprano sax?
Music reading or memory
Chord Progression Composition
Are the strings supposed to be directly over the pickups?
Modal theory and resolution
Tell pianist to play entire piece softly, except one part
Avoiding small, beginner amp problems
Does learning multiple instruments synergize musical skill?
Hearing overlapping sound
Choice of 3/2 or 6/4 time signature
When do I stop pedaling?
What does *fp* mean in terms of volume to play?
Are there historical or musical reasons to why the concertmaster of an orchestra is a violinist?
Is it possible to convert an Android device into a midi input device for Logic Pro
Sus Chords - Whole Step Or Half?
What chords count as "diatonic" in minor?
What is the term for a single note usage to indicate a given chord progression?
Changing strings on acoustic guitar - any difference in the strings in the package?
Keyboard to Laptop Cable
Do rest days aid in developing strength in facial muscles used by brass players?
Are there unicode characters for double sharp and double flat?
How do i finger the second measure?
Impossible Pinky on Guitar
Rules For Using Chords In Minor Scales
How can I recognize a rhythmic figure by pressing any key on keyboard
The 4/4 mindset, is it?
Will my voice get any higher?
What are the seminal texts on rhythm?
Leading tone for strings harmony
AUX Output is audible on main mix
What is the role of modulations in popular music?
Is 'fundamental frequency' the same thing as 'fundamental bass' (chord root?)
Do modulations from a major key to a mode count as 'key changes?'
How can I graph sound waves of chords?
Difficulties tuning an instrumental combo
Using Pedal For Two Part Writing
What scale do you play over V7#9?
Chord chart - who plays what part
Trombone (or any other brass instrument really) construction material
How do I go about playing 32nd notes?
Lilypond: How do I align markup text with #"scripts.segno"?
I accidentally composed a song that sounds like a famous song
What is the name for this kind of chord chart?
Lilypond: Undesireable extra horizontal space with chords and lyrics
What is the Arabian Scale in the key of G? What instruments are tuned to the Arabian Scale?
What does the 15 mean?
Why can't we identify melodic minor as a minor tonality?
Minimum of knowledge about different clefs for composing songs
Rebend Violin bow
Can a baritone be used for a trombone part?
Compositions or songs without repeating patterns
Sharp fingertip pain from guitar fretting
Parallel Octaves and Fifths in Jazz?
Sustain Pedal in Jazz
what are the most beneficial drills for jazz piano?
How do I find a rhythm that goes under a melodic line?
Name of an intentionally sharp, bright "bling" or "pring" sound on guitar?
Wire up a new pickguard for a Fender American elite strat
Appoggiatura and acciaccatura
Rests and rhythm
Questions on writing a Roman-numeral analysis
Should scales start on 4th natural?
Is contrary motion a requirement when approaching a cadence?
Voice leading a plagal cadence
Cadences: Voicing and Roman numerals
Custom Nut Width Dreadnought - String Spacing?
Jazz harmonization in the right hand on piano
Casio LK-41 shows up as Unknown Device (And a message pops us on connection 'USB not recognized')
My melody looks awful
Mute string after pull off while tapping
Playing with lost finger
I don't feel like I'm keeping up with the right tempo
Can we use any note without caring much on rule of particular meter as long as note value fits in the meter?
Analyzing an unfamiliar Roman numeral analysis: Cm/G-G notated as V6/4-5/3?
Recording on a Mac through USB mic
Where do we draw the line between a new composition and an arrangement In folk-themed pieces?
Is there anything I can do wrong when teaching my son how to play the piano?
Is it possible to change the position of the frets of an electric guitar?
How can I say that a chord lasts for a period of time related to the rhythm of a song?
Tension of Degrees Within Modal Chord Progressions
How to get to a better level at playing guitar
Why would an arrangement be in a specific key if the sharps aren't used?
Where To Start With Contemporary Theory
Transcribing music which has no obvious metre
Need Learning path for beginner guitarist
Piano practice for adult beginner
How can I make two chords on the ukulele sound interesting for a whole song?
Slash chords nomenclature/reading convention
Is my Roland FP-7F keyboard touch sensitive?
Practice for skill maintenance with busy life
How does Oskar Fischinger's Google doodle composer work?
Voice leading rule hidden fifths/octaves
Major Scale Ascending Formula in reverse direction
The effect of removing the seventh from the minor scale
If pedaled, must I keep holding a key down?
Should I tune my piano?
How to get feedback on my recordings?
How to find chords for a bebop line
How to "stretch" a melody in Logic Pro X?
Singing in pitch problem
What scales can you get modes from?
Is it seen as important for singers to be able to maintain an exact frequency?
Chord Theory: Verse, Bridge and Chorus
Writing a song similar to ...
Question on mixed voice (with audio sample)
Why these two songs sound similar?
Am I counting the beat on my 4/4 meter correctly or not?
Why does the dominant lead to the tonic?
How to indicate divisi when 1st violin departs from remainder
i've lost my way and i need help finding the way back
Half-diminished pentatonic scale?
Understanding the ending of Debussy's La fille aux cheveux de lin
timing of a bar where it's 3/4 for a bar and 4/4 for the next?
What are the techniques for improvising in the minimalist style?
Scarlett Solo Gen 2 Interface Picks up Audio but Windows doesn't receive anything
How to turn a vocal song into sheet music
Another question regarding sheet music - piano vs violin or other string instrument
Two Macbooks each running Ableton 9.7.2, Midi
Recording Sound Through Casio Keyboard Using Audacity
Alto Recorder First Octave C D E
Proper way to hold 3 chamber ocarina?
Drum Programming and Tempo/BPM
Natural in key signature
Does harmonizing mean being in the same scale?
Is there a name for the notes leading up to a target note?
modulating from G major to G# major
Find all and replace function in Sibelius
How do you write a dominant ninth in fourth inversion?
Ideas for how to use the minor(add9) chord
B5 power chord in A minor
What is the purpose of knowing the relative minor of a particular major scale?
ableton put insert marker at current position
Pros and cons of Urtext edition
The importance of playing with other musicians
I am a singer who has problems with keeping rhythm and beat
Feeling the beat in the wrong place
Problem with guitar locking nut's clamping block
How to count a note which has 6 on above it?
Difference between ii7b and ii7 chords
Is it customary to put a natural symbol on notes if the same note in a different octave is sharp?
Ever Ascending Melody
How to sync Moog Sub 37 with my Arturia Drumbrute
How to describe the piano in the opening theme to The Newsroom?
What could I do to make this part have no tonal centre?
Is rhythmic notes upstrokes and downstrokes changes depending on what sound or feel we want?
Regaining piano skills after leaving it for years
Visualizing music
What is this piano pedaling symbol?
Daylight between each note
Recommendations for composers of romanticism
0/0 time signature?
What is the chord that contains C D♯ F♯ A♯ (C bass)?
Practice to avoid mistakes or practice to cover mistakes
Can't stop thinking about fingers
How to add grit in high notes?
Sharp Fourth Scale Degree in the Goldberg Variation "Aria"
New guitar intonation, is it impossible to achieve perfect intonation?
Digital vs Acoustic Piano
Why does my violin sound... strange?
What is the purpose of a zero fret on a guitar?
How do I improve my sense of rhythm? Off beats completely throw me off
Trying to understand non-standard polymeter
Electric Guitar Shielding
Why harmonic seventh seems irrelevant?
How to understand a minor chord using the harmonic series?
What progression is most commonly used together with the '50s progression?
Why can't we leave all mics on during a gig?
Why is there a relationship between the diatonic semitone and the perfect fifth and between the chromatic semitone and the perfect fourth?
Analysis of J.s.Bach' s harpsichord concerto in A Major?
Why is a zero fret so uncommon on guitars in spite of all the advantages?
Why Do So Many Pop Songs Start With The Sixth Chord Nowadays
How do you use an Ipad for sheet music
How do you breathe out properly while singing?
How to quickly find what scales you can play over a chord
Is clip-on tuner suitable for stage in orchestra?
Eighth note equals eighth note piano notation
Chord inversion (and voicing) naming
Can't access instrument view in Arturia Analog Lab 2
What is the relationship between certain semitones and intervals?
What are the chords names for these two-note "chords"?
Breaking doublestops for Baroque music
Can't play keys, but not beginner
Problem with dynamics while playing
According to these audio, am I a baritone or a tenor?
Is every key the same thing?
Help with (what it looks like) vibrato
What does "potential dissonance" or "potential consonance" mean?
The Sound of Music: Do Re Mi on Guitar
Vocals from one song, Instrumental from another
Do all scales of A start with note A?
In classical guitar fingering notation, what does "-4" mean?
B Flat on Flute Is Too Flat
Fingers touch adjacent strings while playing chords
Any way to automatically determine key and tempo of a music recording?
Is it advisable to use hand grippers to train for barre chords
Is it advisable to try to teach myself double bass?
Can I use this attentuator to attentuate a passive stage monitor
Succinct Definition of "Western vs. Non-Western Music"
Need help analyzing unusual chord
What instruments can a four-year-old with left-side paralysis begin to learn/hope to ever learn?
Is "horns" a common term to describe saxophones?
How to pass `ly:music` to a `markup-command`
What is the correct notation for a repeat section with 2 different beginnings?
Who titled 'Tonic sol-fa' and Why?
in Messa Di Voce, I can only get loud by a little - not alot.. what should I do?
J.S. Bach: Prelude #1 for well tempered clavier: mordent
Why did Listz and Hanon use the word "transcendent" to describe piano exercises?
Why to learn more than one scale positions
Looking for piano studies to assist in playing melodies consisting of chords
I go into Falsetto at C5?
Expanding chord progression repertoire when composing
Is there underlying beat when none is heard in piece of music or song?
How to hear lowest note in harmonic intervals
Which mandolin chords should I teach a young girl?
Importance of playing with eyes closed?
Why C Major and D Major has different structure?
what progression is it in the mario theme song?
Proper way to practice piano
How to convert a conventional piano or a violin score to the guitar tabulature using Musescore, Finale, Tuxguitar, Sibelius, Guitarpro softwares?
Function of G7#11 in the Key of D
Learning to master keys by using association with music
How do I convert a Hawaiian guitar to Spanish Guitar?
Paul Hindemith & Omitted Fifths
My acoustic guitar guitar fell to the ground, can it be fixed?
Meaning of double accidental
Practicing piano scales
How to cut off a pick noise a little bit using an equalizer?
Tuning My Violin High
How can I scale down everything that Lilypond is outputting?
How do I work on mastering keys efficiently?
Strategies for practicing similar passages?
Should I fix the bridge on this guitar?
How do you master the art of phrasing in piano songs, especially the ones composed during the Romantic era?
What is the clearest way to notate this rhythm?
What is the difference between a software synth (like Ableton's Operator) & The piano synths they include in Standard
What are some sources I could use to get to a decent level to be able to analyze advanced classical pieces?
Is there an English-language edition of "Dynamik und Agogik" by Hugo Riemann?
Im a music performer and I need my amp louder!
Available Tensions for Modal Scale Degrees
Setting up a music enviroment in Linux
Is there a good online source for hard copy (classical) sheet music?
Unconventional key signature: sharps on F & G only?
How are the 4 French Horn parts in an orchestral piece paired/arranged range-wise?
Should I use real pedal for making the best sound or using virtual amplifier is enough?
trying to get a better bass sound
Bell like tone on my octave mandolin
Achieving left hand finger independance
What are name and other examples for the type of break/tempo change near the end of "Be our guest"
What is the difference between flams and drags, and flam drag?
Why is there more than one major/minor scale in use?
What to call drum player VSTs as opposed to drum machines?
Tuning six-string in open D, just intonation?
What kind of skill did the average amateur pianist have in the classical era?
Is there a program to apply played MIDI velocity to preexisting notes?
Non-classical Scale: What Kind of Scale is This?
More than one D.S.?
C Dorian is useful when playing over Cm7-F7, a chord progression that has an A note. What's the correlation?
Amp modeling on multi fx pedal through an amp
Programme for box chord charts
Why do some acoustic upright pianos have 2 pedals, but not 3?
Is there a resource that list every scale existed in all keys in music
What mode to use over this progression?
What pedals would achieve this guitar tone?
What's the value of modes?
Tchaikovsky's 1812 Overture: which side of orchestra are cannons usually on?
Is it possible to play pieces for cello on electric violin?
What kind of modulation is B♭ to G?
Is it a good idea to create fomulas for chords and secondary dominants?
Recommended tuning system for a 12 note chromatic scale
Sight Reading is Hard for Classical Music
Electric violin amplification problem
Setup and requirements to produce sound/songs with 6 microphones
How do I practice playing in all keys?
Should I try to perfect every song I play at open mic?
Logic Pro X 192kHz sample rate problem
Musical cryptogram
Buzzing sound from acoustic guitar
Chord progressions' necessity in a track
Trills + Turns = Water Music
Augmented dominant seventh chord = what scale?
Dotted slur and two lyric stanzas with different amount of syllables
Help! Amp connection Question
What does a "3" next to a note mean?
Do modes have a purpose on-stage?
How to get rid of voice crossing in Harmony?
Why use the key of C#?
Unwanted silence in LMMS
Italian term for returning to the original tempo, but with more energy (or slightly faster)?
Possible to learn harmony by ear?
Harmonica key advice sought
Does a chord just sound like its root note?
How important is it for the left hand to be nearest the mouth when playing tin whistle?
Music Notation: "Wave" below a note
What's the Piano Term For This Type Of Rhythmic Playing?
Fruity love philter knobs don't work and are dimmed
What is the name of the chord in this cadence?
Transfer MIDI input to system audio output/input
how many interpretations can a chord have?
basic violin note question
Unconventional use of iv and I7 chords
Can ISRC codes be embedded into a music track?
How to add loop effect on Peavey Classic 50 early model?
unconnected tonnetz chords
What makes an interval "perfect"? Is this scale-dependent?
Notable musical features of Ragtimes?
Pentatonic minor keys
What chord is E7+(#9)?
About slash and 7th chord's meaning and their history
How do I practice overtones on the saxophone?
Chord progression, how to add the bass properly
After being able to sing the left hand and the right hand part separately , how do I put it all together in my mind?
Ableton: How do I play a midi instrument, and then record a loop for arrangement view?
Can a natural minor jam with a harmonic and melodic minor?
How to learn pieces fast without distractions?
How to write separate instructions for piano hands
How do I explain timing to a friend who doesn`t think it is important?
How do I approach music theory practically?
Is this a key change? (Radiohead:Creep)
Chords notation question
Help with Rachmaninoff's Moments Musicaux no. 4?
understanding flats in a score
Transitioning from E minor to an "Asian" G major
electric guitar gear: amp or interface?
What do I do when I feel lost when practicing a piece?
How do I improve the clarity of my voice?
How to develop better finger timing consistency?
How difficult is the orchestra part of Rachmaninoff's 3rd piano concerto?
What is this scale? Possibly an Indian Raga
What acoustic percussion instrument sounds like handclaps?
How do you call that moment when you suddenly raise your pitch really high for barely a second?
Correct digitation for soprano flute
Lilypond: Avoid clash between group and instrument names
Role of music video in the perception of a song?
How should I fix my flute?
Determining the chord progression of a song
Why do we need tempered tuning?
Are acoustic pianos too loud?
Digital pianos are an imitation, but do some people use them in the recordings for effect?
Is it safe to plug guitar processor output directly into laptops's 3.5 mm slot?
Difference between chassis and cabinet
Is there any way to identify and recognize chords in scores using Muse, Finale, Sibelius?
Why Does the Volume Change When Using Split Coil
Electric Guitar Noise
Should I practice minor scales by knowing relative major?
What is it called to play a music with flowing tempo in piano?
Common reasons for poor drummer swing feel?
Basic low-end Bass setup for a student
Is there an "algorithm" for the time duration of a repeating rhythm?
What would be the symbol for ultimate muting
How do you determine intervals? Is it based on major and minor keys?
Placing the thumb in the spider exercise for bow
What are common western saloon instruments?
Fingering violin double-stopping in counterpoint
B string buzzing during A chord
Defining intervals.
How accurately can a good musician judge an interval to be out of tune?
The first asymmetrical layout keyboard
What is the recommended notation for bowed marimba?
Transcribing piano from recording when available recordings are poor
How do I master melodic dictation?
Phantom power and audio interfaces
How do I finger this? (Fast run with alternating octaves in same register.)
Using computers live
How do nails affect playing technique in classical guitar?
Best attack when practicing the Segovia Scales
What is Sanz's tablature for the baroque guitar?
How does the pitch of the reed relate to the resonant frequency of the pipe in a woodwind instrument?
Is there a name or method for the way melody works with harmony?
Smoothest key change when playing same song in different key?
What determines the relative volumes of the harmonics when plucking a guitar string?
Importance of instantly playing a song in different keys?
Do I need a lot of money to make music?
Single speaker with 2 8ohm parallel inputs?
Glissando: white notes or black notes?
What's the minimum number of measures in the last system
what is the root note of D/A
Low larynx and mask resonance
Will missing flexor digitorum superficialis keep me from playing the violin well?
What are the full set of chords allowed in a Double Harmonic scale?
Not sure if I am playing the Sonatina in G correctly on the piano.
How many different scales based on the modes are there?
Most used scales in Jazz
Is a pure minor scale the same as natural minor? Do they mean the same thing?
What is the most player-friendly way to write a note played through an entire bar of 13/8 time?
How to avoid open strings in cello?
Is C-7 chord associated with one of the three minor scales?
How to indicate a tempo change during a repetition?
How can I distinguish a time signature?
Restarting without a teacher
Groove, loop, pattern, section
What makes a chord "fit"?
memorizing scales in playing guitar?
Does improvisation usually start with a chord progression?
Music with 3 Staves
Can I tune a banjolel to DGBE?
Meaning of:" un poco vivace ma cantabile"
Digital dj'ing, mp3 or wav?
How to label a transcription
How to play a 3 line/staff music sheet
Piano intro dissection of Ella and Louie's I Won't Dance
How to identify and name Full Diminished Seventh Chords?
Zoom Multieffect
What is the key of this song?
How to connect this setup, i don't want to blow up something. (RCA to TS) Please advise
Buzz appears from time to time in amp with no input
Do I need to take the ABRSM practical exams to do the theory exams?
How can I connect a 3.5mm audio out to a guitar amp?
How would this rhythm be written out on a music staff?
Chord notation: a minor chord with a minor 6th
Logic Pro overload bottleneck
Missing works by Sylvius Leopold Weiss
Need advice on simple audio mixer and setup for novice sitar player to play along with masters recorded audio?
What are important techniques to improve solid timing on drums
How to involve audience during a solo performance?
How to know the tempo when it is not indicated
Distinction between Mode and Key
What are some good classical pieces to start learning analysis for the beginner?
Fingering for modes on the piano
How to hear modes in music
How long to improvise on modes
Alto Flute Keying
How to modulate from one mode to the next
Roland pt-3100 Piano with Yamaha HS50M Troubleshooting
Who do I need to do if I want to keep my buffer size low?
Are intervals like major 3rd, minor 3rd, and major 2nd all based on the scales, or are they based on how many semitones they have?
Minor Key Confusion
SATB - how to balance the parts?
Guitar tab - double dash under number
Can I tune an Ukulele in DGBD without damaging it?
Is there any relationship between a step and an alphabetical note?
Voice gets progressively worse during the day?
Why do lower instruments speak "slower"?
Why are sound systems in karaoke bars so bad?
Unusual chord progression
Fingering and Tips for the runs on Liszts Hungarian Rhapsody No.2
How to cover at least 1 octave with voice?
The same dynamic indication repeated?
Why does Henle Verlag recommend different fingerings for the same bar?
Strong mints make my voice sound way better. Is there any way to keep this effect?
How to count 6/8
Natural-finish electric guitar maintenance
Motivations to change a key in a transcription
Should I stop practice singing and switch to fingerstyle guitar?
Musicnotes importing PDF files
What is this japanese wooden instrument called?
What does this mean (the treble clef part) and how to play it?
pick up placing on electric guitars
How to chose chords on Plectrum Banjo
Why does music sound slightly sharper when played through headphones?
Key Changes Using the Chord Numbering (Nashville) System
Buying a harp, what to consider
Two adjacent notes of same pitch seemingly occupying the same beat?
What is this chord?
Do you always count?
Distinguishing the semantics of modes and scales. When to say scale vs. when to say mode?
What's the best way to tune a guitar to play with an out of tune piano?
Programming in early 80s synth music
Moonlight sonata, note lengths inside triplets
Trying to understand ledged lines in between staffs
The simplest way to generate a drone note or chord on the Mac
Micro DI to Guitar Link
Jazz theory: In progression II7-V7-I, can I make tritone substitute with different kind of Altered V7?
piano - playing freely with sharps or flats
Chords names when playing guitar with some open strings
Do accidentals count double if they overlap with the key signature?
Leaky brand new Hohner Blues Harp?
How to read chords quickly on sheet music?
Morton Feldman: Triadic Memories?
Zoom patches exchange
What inverted chord is this?
Prevent highest 3 notes of soprano recorder from "breaking"
Who were the first "classical" composers to be recorded playing/conducting their own music?
What determines the mode?
importance of the information after the slash for a single guitar player
N.V. Meaning in Jazz
Why do farther notes resonate more than closer notes?
D.C. al Fine with standard repeats
How expensive is it to play bassoon in high school?
Mozart's violin bowing
Using the bar's hifi system for performance
Acoustic guitar with humbucker pickup sounds like an electric guitar, not acoustic
What did John Cage mean by 'harmony' in his explanation to Arnold Schönberg?
How to know what note I'm singing?
Bowing exercises confusion
Memorizing major and minor keys by ascending and descending by whole step - good idea?
The theory behind western pentatonic scales
Training interval identification: Unable to identify major and minor seconds
Advice for quick learning of heavily arpeggiated pieces? (piano)
Stick the sound of the major scale in my head
Compound time and tempo indication in quarter note
"Bad" voiceleading in Czerny Op.599
Are there any musical pieces that experiment with the frequency - tempo relationship?
Query about setting up a guitar
Headphones for electric guitar
What would a tempo of 120 in 6/4 timing translate to in 4/4 timing?
Why the specific pattern of white keys on a standard piano?
Dm6 Chord, why is it B and not Bb?
Melody vs harmony and context
Can a multi-effects pedal produce the same tone as dedicated pedals?
Recording latency is keeps changing. How can I fix this
Why are there different names for the same interval?
Piano: Will my piano strings break if my cat walks on them?
How to play to a backing track (Bass)?
Notes not adding up to time signature?
How do you make a Vocaloid do a "hard" pronunciation for "Through"
High pitch noise when playing high E string
MIDI device crashing my DAW occasionally and just being buggy in general?
What variation of the minor scales should I use for tonal species counterpoint?
Muscle Contraction and Numbness on Fretting Hand During Guitar Exercise
Shouldn't all music intervals have five names?
How to transition from rough vocals to clean vocals?
How do I play this slur in 'Cockles and Mussels'?
How do I play this part in 'Alouette'?
can music theory sabotage creativity
Reducing string warble by increasing scale length. Possible?
Somewhat specific question about Guitar String Gauge
Has anyone built a piano based on the chromatic scale?
Number of notes in a tune such that it is metrically sensible
Am i underperforming or there is a such thing as overpracticing?
Is it possible to improve my vocal range?
about old instrument, what is it?
How to play the dynamic correctly?
Soprano singer who 'hoots'
On guitar music, what does a number and a horizontal line underneath the notes mean?
Bach Double Variation from Partita 1 for Solo Violin
What does a cross mean in lyrics?
Teaching a lefty to play drums
Legally blind trying to learn difficult piece of music
Score with snare on 3rd beat or on 2nd and 4th beats half speed
Matching of the impedance for the effect pedals
Locrian mode and power chords
Will my orchestral compositions be disregarded if I do not hold a degree in music?
Replacement Preamp for Yamaha APX 8D
Violo Bridge Adjustments
What Increments Are The Tuning Settings On My Keyboard
Blisters on Fingers: Double Bass
Why are different keys necessary / important?
Is anyone familiar with the instrument called the mellertion?
How do you connect multiple guitars to a single output?
Why Locrian #2?
Piano and glasses
2-5-1 Jazz progression and modes
Equal temperament nearest possible to the just intonation
"voice-meter" software
Recording an acoustic guitar using plain simple laptop mic
Yet another acoustic amp question
What do you call a Minor chord on the flatted second?
Why is this Fermata over a double bar line?
Should I raise previous fingers off of my violin's fingerboard?
why E-5 and A-open doesn't sound same even when they have same 110 frequency?
How do I go about naming/understanding the second chord in corcovado
How can I remove sounds under legacy in Logic Pro X's library?
Bass Guitar Strings for Chordal Playing
Can Camelot Wheel help in modulation?
When 2 parts are on the same line, how do I know who plays which part?
Help with fingering
What is the theory behind these minor chords becoming major?
Just intonation within a piece
Can time signatures be written in the form of a fraction?
Weird Logic Pro quirk with scoring
Singing, Reording, Mixing, Mastering
What's so important about Venice in the Baroque period?
What meter? Determining meter of three whole notes per measure. Counting 12 per whole note
Why are C♯ and D♭ different frequencies?
What should I take into consideration when buying my first digital piano
Learning Guitar and Piano
Is there a correlation between bass and tenor singers?
Do the EDO and TET acronyms mean the same thing?
What is this musical notation: 0 vertically centered on staff after a barline?
Singing along with a song while listening to another
Is Harmonica Mugig 10-hole 20-tone Blues Harp similar to the others in view of blows and draws?
Usual Violin Maintenance?
How much of a jazz composition is defined by the composer, and how much by the musicians?
Sibelius playback glitch: randomly uneven volume in one score
Piano practice exercises
What is this third staff in G clef and how am I supposed to read it?
What is the name of this scale?
What could be the approach for hacking closed Synths/Sequencers?
What Yamaha Touch Setting Should I Use?
Moonlight mvt 2 fingering
How do 'meter' and 'rhythm' affect the choice of 'Polymeter' and 'Polyrhythm'?
How to write sheet music without having pitch reference?
If an ensemble plays using just intonation, is it true the ensemble will always go sharp?
Are there free (or inexpensive) 4-part dictation resources?
How do you play a scale "in sixths" or "in thirds"?
Jazz improvisation theory
Mass-convert MIDI files to notated form
Does thickness of lips affect piccolo playing?
Clarinet trilling over the break
Lilypond Lyrics Alignment - Align to first syllable
What can a musician determine from the below examinations about the student, and how?
Building the chords for C#m(b6)
Mixing two songs very different bpm help
Augmented triads in classical music
Move guitar bridge towards low E string
Alternate measures in a repeating passage
open throat = less air = less voice loss?
Is there a specific name for phrases in music that create tension/anger?
Standard staff size
Why would a composer arrange chords such that hands cross on piano
Playing instrument voices through PC from my keyboard
When creating a bass line, how do I know what notes I'm allowed to use?
What are the core wire and wrap wire guages for a set of .11-.52 electric guitar strings?
How to play improvisation using modes ?
Do I need a microphone to record percussion on electroacoustic guitar?
What are the methods used while writing pop music that make it so recognizably pop
How can I keep the Double Bass's endpin from sliding on the floor?
Singing rock/hard rock. how to get it back?
Reading score. What is a system?
In a guitar tab, how do you play two distanced notes at once?
How do I get a hot enough signal by plugging in my guitar into a DI directly?
Where can I find this snare drum sample?
Typeset a slur from a chord's middle note
Who decides on "doo-wop" syllables in a cappella music?
Sheet music terminology
Can Truss Rod adjustment lead to String break?
What does "fouettez en tirant" mean?
difficulty playing notes for F4-A4-F5 without also playing E5
How do you play slap + specific strings at the same time?
Modes over II-V-I
Delay pedal keeps setting very short delay
How to improve rhythm timing on off beat rhythms
What scales and or modes are used in rebetiko?
C Minor Chord on a Chromatic Harmonica in the key of C
S.O.S my Upright Piano keys aren'r working
What is this square bracket between staves?
Standard Jazz teaching repertoire
Pickup switching modelling tools?
Music performing
How do I transition from a classical education to a jazz education in piano and theory?
print full score using Garageband
Given the melody, can the chords be determined?
How closely related in history, construction and use are these two instruments?
Which guitar chord sounds like A# note on the keyboard?
What does Schoenberg mean by "intermediary region"?
Why does the blow/draw sequence reverse between B and C on the chromatic harmonica?
How to draw a rectangle for reciting tone in chant transcription in LilyPond
Beginning composer wanting to know where to start
What constitutes a circle of fifths progression?
What is a "key cell"?
Importance of an orchestral conductor and their baton-work as timekeeper?
Do any undergraduate theory textbooks explain Gregorian chant notation?
What does 'Setting Up' my guitar actually mean?
Music sign question
Guitar improvisation tips on chord changes
Why do the top ends of piano keys extend beyond the rest of the keys?
Mesa Roadster turned on withoug a Cabinet
How should I go About extending my range?
Lilypond: How to Change the Vertical Position of Raised Suffixes in Chord Names?
how can you identify key signatures with flats
My Roland Piano HP 1700L sustains on it own and goes off when it gets to its climax. what could be the problem
How to achieve the "Flexible Wrist" that is necessary for smooth long bows?
How can I get or play sounds from a tablet DAW?
Does anyone else dislike when people clap after you finish playing?
What distinguishes the melody from the harmony?
How can I harmonize this V-I cadence? It causes parallel octaves between bass and soprano
How to solo over chord changes on guitar?
Why is this C played as an A flat?
How do uncovered tone holes in middle of a flute work?
What can I do before buying and learning violin?
Why if tons of polyphony are not necessary, many brands claim that to more polyphony better samples (sounds)?
Proper way to notate a half measure rest in between sections
Practice techniques for footswitches
Do concert musicians encounter silly mistakes during practice?
How does one train to have the instinct of not being able to play a piece any other way?
Memorizing fret board intervals
How to sightread guitar in any key
Should I buy an amp or a monitor (PA system)
Can't sing high or project
Restricted usage of repeat-measure sign
This monitor speaker have problem?
How to use Digitech JamMan Solo XT with headphones?
Jazz Theory: in progression IM7-VIm7-IIm7-V7, why can the VIm7 be subsituted by VImMaj7?
Do we correctly hear the pitch of our own singing voice?
The low e note on my tenor recorder is sharp
Modal II-V Patterns
Guitar Rig with Ltd EC-1000 sound like with $180 guitar
What do performers "see" in their minds when they perform music from memory?
is there any contradiction learning different instruments?
How to read conductor's gestures from the side
Is there a way to notate synthesizer music?
The Basso Continuo and the Jazz Rhythm Section
Is dynamic range compression used in classical music?
Send user recordings from digital piano to PC
Any idea what I should pay for a nyatiti?
What exactly are the highlighted portions and how are they played?
Carl Flesch or Galamian for cello
Harmony - four part vocal style and pianoforte style
Is there an efficient approach to setting distorted guitar EQ when mixing?
How to find exactly which note you hit
Chords and Melody
How to do doubles?
Woodwind & String Instruments
Do i need my Root note, 3rd or 5ft note to be at down beat to be in Chord?
Microphone filter/ foam screen - to reduce fan noise
Is dog/wolf howling considered “music”?
How do I identify the key of this modulation?
What are the attachments used for on this bass drum?
Can somebody explain this manuscript to me?
Curlicues, small circles, for breath marks when conducting
Is it considered polytonality if the song is using two keys but not on top of each other
How do do I play these parts on piano?
Which hands to use for Für Elise by Beethoven?
Where does the soloist stand (sit) in a concerto?
Drums: kick drum substitute for practise at home
Name for major/minor ambiguity in cadence
What symbols indicate the major chord, besides the root note alone and "maj"/"major"?
Yamaha Clavinova CVP309GP USB File Transfer
Why is a 2-5-1 progression so often associated with JAZZ?
What are good sources of sheet music with attached analyses?
Possible Harmonium/Reed Organ Synthesizing Techniques
Software support for roman numerals and functions
What is the proper use of the term "modulation"?
Are very cheap cellos acceptable for a beginner?
Do you ever feel like an "imposter", and how do you get over it?
Does MusicXML support roman numerals and/or functions?
Ties vs voices for notes of different length
Piano - Why Tune Remaining Strings By Ear?
How to change bass guitar tuning in Sibelius 8?
Understanding diatonic chords
Modal Chord Families
Removable sound hole pickup for an acoustic twelve-string
How do you call the technique where you slap the bow against the string?
How should I go about learning Jazz, Funk and Blues piano?
How to play low b note on soprano recorder
Explicit C major key signature in lilypond
Can you help me find the harmony for the following melody?
Is there a music term for this
Four strings sounding the same
Name for the 1-2-4 chord
Diagnosing piano hand injury: pain when stretching while holding some notes
Audio USB Interface and digital piano connected to one PC via USB parallely?
Recorded song in MP3 format has 30% lesser volume than any other songs
Many, seemingly arbitrary time signature changes
Piano - How to edit/remove mistakes of a piece I played
How many grades are there in learning the drums?
Can someone say "descendo" to mean "decrescendo"?
Why wasn't the actual "semitone" taken as the unit and therefore called "a tone"?
Does piano soundproofing require floating walls? Getting conflicting answers from professionals
How to reduce screeching "string noise" when playing the guitar
Certain frets sound good with respect to one another
Are there any small electronic musical instruments which would be useful for learning music theory?
chords theory about out of the scale chords
Is it bad to leave my guitar in the car for 5 hours biweekly?
Can I post a music mix containing professionals' songs?
How fast is the BPM should you start to use double bass pedal?
Practicing Jazz on Alto Saxophone
Horowitz' improvised run during performances of fantaisie-impromptu
Most practical way to compose classical music on PC
Is there a term for short instrumental breaks that are sung a cappella?
How would you notate a non-accent?
How can I improve my picking speed and accuracy
music performance using midi without a pc
Is Major/Minor tonality the right term for this
How to name a b7 chord
Train rhythm before starting drums
Solving volume drop when using impedance matching transformer
Notey Left Hand
Can someone help me get rid of my bad habit of not being able to play except from certain spots?
Why do I want different guitars for different tunings?
Minor scale pattern played on Guitar
Is it possible to play an exact rhythm?
So confused about tempo
Can I add some computer/synthesized voices from a computer to my digital piano?
How to play changed lyrics
Can a dotted eighth note delay be applied onto a piano piece?
Tricks to memorise Gymnopedie #1?
How would you remove broken bridge pins from an acoustic without the main soundhole?
Reducing staff numbers in LilyPond
Why do IV and V chords in a scale not start on their root?
Difficulty on deciding when to use grace notes
How to play this on a piano
Digital piano via MIDI or USB, what to choose?
Should I buy Midi controller with pads or with more key?
A guitar for the living room - what factors to consider
Scale Chords are different. Why?
Any way to make my oboe reed shorter?
Increase space between lines of a staff in LilyPond
Using 9v 2000mA power supply for pedal using low current
What are modes in series?
How do I know which position to use when I'm playing by ear
Frame Drum Over-Stretch
Novation Launchpad MK2 lights don't turn off from previous scenes, or freeze at certain scenes
How to keep my scroll out of my stand partner's face
How do I permanently assign my MIDI device to a specific channel or instrument in FL Studio?
Learning from real pieces
If a song is in a specific key are you strictly supposed to play chords only in that key?
Viola string broke
What to clean inside of the flute with?
Cleaning up difficult arpeggios
What's a 'goal-oriented harmonic narrative' in music?
Is it advisable to use a (smoking) pipe cleaner to clean a flute?
How are very long tuplets in Romantic music played in practice?
Where can I find multi-instrument sheet music
Eight numerals vs. twelve half-steps
Can one build a harmonies over mixolydian, as we build harmonies over major and minor?
What key am I playing in?
Alternative or more advanced methods for counting rhythms
High E string first 2 frets produce buzz on electric guitar
Should you return to the original key?
What's the logic behind chords building patterns that are in key?
Scoring for timpani
upright piano and apartment: how to prevent neighborhood problems?
Are there any melodicas out there that use steel reeds?
How did I make this noise?
Roman numerals above string instrument notes
Which is more affordable and easier to maintain a harmonica or a recorder?
Guitar chords and change
Give me some advice for my live guitar setup please
Do left handed violinists play in orchestras?
Fingerstyle vs Fingerpicking
Valve/Tube Amplifiers vs. Virtual/Profiling Amplifiers
Home vidiorecording classical piano music with M-1 orchesta accompaniment at home
What chord is made of the following notes: F♯/G♭3, B3, D4, F4?
Switching from a guitar - Need advice
Is swung double tonguing feasible on a brass instrument?
Piano finger apparatus in history or film
How to quickly figure out the chords in a major scale?
Basic tuning - note problem with C
Guitar player, music theory and ear training enthusiast. I love to learn what other great players play
Understanding the relationship between keys, scales, and chords
B-string on guitar more easily out of tune?
DAW Plugins with Multiple Instruments
Meter and time signature headache
What meaning has fingering when written "x"?
Wright Pianoforte Tutor
How to create silence in MP3
How to turn a "tune" into a "symphonic melody"?
Is this music (flow my tears) here being played in 31 TET or a form of renaissance unequal temperament such as quarter comma meantone?
Is this a hidden consecutive fifth?
Is popular music less complex and artistic than classical music?
How should I practice?
How should I write a SATB piece in Musescore with respect to its voice soundfont?
Are single coil pickups better at catching picking dynamics?
Methods to preserve autographs on an acoustic guitar
Does every vocal style (metal, in particular) start with classical training?
What Are Some Techniques For Fast Classical Guitar Runs?
What kind of glue to attach a pickguard to the face of an acoustic guitar?
Scale in opposite direction - What is it called?
Multitrack Studio how to loop a section
How to replicate the lead guitars used in synthwave songs?
Can anyone differentiate between lightweight and heavyweight(?) type of keyboards?
Music Theory help
The Elusive sign of + in organ fingering
Chord spelling help for piano arrangement
What are the major differences between Medium and Light gauge strings on a Violin?
What would fit over this chromatically descending chord progression? Am, Am/C, B7 and BbMaj7
Minor Pentatonic scale
Grouping Syncopated Notes
Key analysis of piece with roots in A and later on G
Playing an octave lower on the same key
When my Breedlove is plugged into amp the A string hums
performance aids
What to do with bow markings when playing the score on woodwinds?
How do I keep low notes clear (on flute) when I am playing piccolo a lot in band?
Routing audio from electronic drum set into computer
Accents on Mazurka (Marieta by Francisco Tarrega)
How to efficiently jam as a guitarist with a drummer
What is "listening for GCSE"?
Is it possible to describe how referees in composition competitions (typically) work?
Why have alternate fingerings?
violin other string vibrates loudly when playing another string
How many notes are played (on a piano) at the same time at the maximum?
Should two quarter rests always be written as half rest?
Dead notes mixed in with other notes or Chords
How to replicate Nils Frahm's "Says" synthesizer sound (using Zebra 2)
Can convert RCA to USB?
Fingers don't feel thinnest strings well
8-part vocal music split. Tails up/down convention?
Ledger Lines vs. 8va notation
I sight read at 20 bpm, and not getting any faster
How did they manage to make this song feel speeded?
How to know how many bars a line in a song is?
Is it normal for a string to buzz unless my finger that is fretting is almost against the fret?
Guitar Bridge saddles out of sync?
pharygian and harmonic minor scales
Proper way to count beats
Evil Twins? Modes vs Mirrors
How to play this part clear and coodinated?
Why did Beethoven include "in the Lydian Mode" in the title of String Quartet, Op.132 - 3?
In going over some old guitar music theory notes of mine, i found this. What does it mean?
How do you re-learn the basics you already know?
A bad guitar... CAN it sound good?
Note combination doesn't sound right on my digital piano
How did baroque music sound at the time?
what does chord "Co" or "Fo" etc., mean on an accordion
Having a set of notes from a song how can I find out the right key which is written in, from the possible ones (considering modes) that fit those?
know by heart difficult chords on guitar
What are some common hand signals for communicating within a small ensemble?
Inear wired monitor for drummers
Why was Brahms's music considered 'too academic'?
Chromatic Root Movement vs modulation in modern chord progressions
Make a variation in Sibelius
What is standard tuning for twelve string guitar?
how to protect music against Shazam-recognition?
how to find something to practice mallets on at home
Baroque keyboard music
After one semester piano course, continuing piano as a self-learner, but the music is unmotivating me. Any advice?
("Natural"?) Scales.... How many are possible, etc
Is a velocity sensitive keyboard for music production required?
Is Playing Classical Guitar with Fingers PI a Bad Habit?
How would I find time signature in a Math Rock song(without much resource besides the song)
What is the standard way to keep the humidity level within the violin case high?
Guitar, tapping one handed Chord Shapes
Can a Big Muff Pi With Tone Wicker maintain middle tones and be the only fuzz/distortion pedal on a board?
What's the cause of a very quiet top E string on my '97 MIM Strat?
G string out of tune but only when played open
As there's a "double" bass, is there such a thing as a "single" bass?
What is forward momentum?
Voice changes after illness
Does the send order of a track affect the effects on the track
Slide Guitar - Pressing frets before the slide
Is it a chord? Same note different pitches
Where to find violin hand positions for Brandenburg Concerto No. 3
Just starting out on guitar - what to practice?
Is it ok to teach songs I do not own?
Can there be intermediate musical pitches between semitones?
Drum charts - Using bar repeats and adding variations
Practicing rhythm with clapping and singing
Which C hole to use in the modern chromatic harmonica?
Eleventh Chord in Major and Dominant
Dominant seventh
Intonation when playing with a click track on one ear
Chromonica (chromatic harmonica) notes relating to holes
The bridge of guitar getting detached from the body
50 years old , haven't sung a note in my life, but
How often is the Sostenuto pedal used in classical and modern Piano Music?
Is there any evidence that suggest not looking at your hands increases ability to sight read on the piano?
What's a beginner piano Bach piece in a minor key?
Understanding Piano Sheet Music w/ Guitar Instructions?
How long do guitar amps "last"?
low gain pre-amp does not cause distortion. But hi-gain pre-amp does. Is this a guitar wiring issue?
What is the meaning of the word ‘gracile’?
What are the small ">" signs above the notes?
Should fingers always play perpendicular to the keys?
Is it Necessary to Follow Chord Instruction Above Grand Staff (Piano)?
Why do Non-American native bands have American names?
Tabs for particular song and where to find this majestic type of tune
What is an Italian sixth?
Ballade in G Minor
Use picking instead of hammer-ons and pull-offs
How to fix uneven sounding keys?
Could I have strained a chest muscle breathing too hard?
How to arrange a song's fingerstyle version?
Writing single voice melodies
Playing with other people. What should I know to do?
Oiling a whole guitar body instead of using lacquer/paint/varnish
Baritone or Bass? and how to extend vocal range
How to count in a dotted eighth?
Do I over practise?
How can I make Lilypond start lyrics on the very first note?
What determines if counterpoint is good or bad?
How can I change slur from above to below notes when switching staff in Lilypond?
Lost direction in practicing drums
Scoring for the harp
Low temperatures and humidity when playing outdoors?
Why do certain vocal melodies work in context when those same melodies would sound dissonant on instruments?
Problems with holding Barre Chords
Beethoven 5, 1st movement
is it necessary to learn notation or how to read staff paper for making music?
What is the name of the scale E, F#, G, A, B, C, D#?
What are overtones?
Singing what you're playing vs playing what you're singing
Why and how to play chord progression?
Is my amplifier badly grounded?
Note that is played along with another chord
Bach Stradivarius LT42 restoration
what kind of 12-bar is this?
Same pickups, Different guitar
Five Fret Higher Guitar Tuning for Voicing
What are the dimensions, angles of a Gibson Les Paul standard pots cavity?
Can an F# replace an A?
Combine bass guitar and PC audio into Bluetooth headphones
How to create a solfege instrument in Logic Pro X?
Could Charles Valentin Alkan play his own compositions?
How do I own the music?
What do "Uber" and "Plexi" mean in an electric guitar part?
Replacement screw for Yamaha CP300 stage piano
I'm not sure if my slide whistle is working correctly
Piano Technique
Are there different type of lacquer problems?
How to clean a neglected bassoon
Oktavism and low larynx
Problems with range of songs
What is an example of an easy minor 2 5 1 song?
What makes some instruments louder than others?
Should I think of the note's letter designation when I sight-read?
Setting up a digital drum pad to play notes chromatically
How can I produce audio files for my choir to practice with from my Encore source?
Does ukulele chord often use inversions instead?
transcribing a pause smaller then a measure
How to simplify a midi file similar to the same limitations of a player piano
can you play a harpsichord arrangement on a piano and vice versa?
Is there such a thing as a diminished unison?
Beethoven's Tempest sonata: tie or slur?
What is the name of a circular clock-like diagram in which you can place a triad shape and rotate it to get the notes in a chord of a particular type?
How to accurately drop-tune an acoustic guitar?
how do you get the pitch of a triangle to get higher or lower?
Is there such thing as a pyroelectric pickup?
Is it possible to get a lace sensor tone without the lace sensor pickups on a Fender standard strat?
Trumpet and braces
New to bass trombone
What cello technique used in titles of "The Night Of"
Why don't we see jazz music played on the church organ?
How should I go about buying a guitar?
Chord sequences for 12 bar blues
LogicPro - Numbers on midi track
What is the violin technique in this video called?
How to go about naming a chord
How to unify speed of multiple MIDI songs?
Piano and Theory Terms- Syncopation?
Voice resonating at the back of the mouth
Music theory book for classical guitar learner
Songs that don't end with key chord?
Should I tune string to pitch on attack, or on to the pitch on its sustain phase?
Key of song sung a cappella
How to start now Guitar and Music Theory Or Guitar Theory
Can you multitrack a string quartet to sound like a much larger string section?
Fingering for piano arpeggio
What are the advantages of using a MIDI file when performing a DJ set?
How do professional musicians listen to music
chopin harmony movement explanation
Is the dominant tone of a major scale halfway in frequency between the tonic and octave?
Playing complex chords on a 6-string guitar
Joplin's "The Entertainer"—is this a misprint?
Using high quality samples for my scores
How to read flatted notes where music sheet's keysignature is flatted as well
Voice crossings and voice leading measures
How to practice and improve sense of rythm guitar .?
What is the time signature of this piano rhythm?
How do you play these chords?
Repeat a piece of notes with different instruments
What kind of instrument involves simultaneously singing into a microphone and playing a keyboard?
Looking for some harmonic justification of chord progression: F G Bbm --> F?
Learn to sing with headphones
Messiaen Prelude Colors
Why you need a rest here in this score?
Is a root, an octave, followed by a 5th a EsusAdd5
How do you learn to read ahead when sight reading for piano?
Remixing a song to extend or shorten
Overblown octaves on a tenor recorder
I love listen to music on enhanced bass setups: does this means I'm changing the timbre/content of the piece as I prefer?
How to train my ear only by listening?
Can one's musical ‘ear’ be trained with practice and dedication?
How to enharmonically change the bottom note of the interval A# to E#
Block Inserts Compatibility
Major scale of one note is the Minor scale of another note?
Why pianists change ruin their nice melodies in the continue?
Why does this tune sound "Bluesy" and yet doesnt belong to the blues scale
What is the Key of 'Cuts Like a knife'
Guitar amp problems
Learning road map for classical guitar
Improvising chords when playing blues
What is the strict definition of any chord in the world?
Meaning of sharp/flat third and sixth in text from the XVI century
Assessing the time signature of a single measure
"Tonal Tones" and "Modal Tones" - what do they mean?
I want to connect my MIDI keyboard to Ableton Live directly (read below)
OP-1 mixer tracks 1 and 2 disabled
Why doesn't the bassoon play any notes in the beginning of RV 484?
Crackling on audio file in CD player but not computer?
Lili Boulanger: Prelude in D-flat major: manuscript interpretation
Is there a third-party replacement for the knobs on a Marshall effects pedal?
Skipping Grades Music Theory
Strange notation in a Chopin waltz
Playing E Aeolian over B Aeolian progression?
Is playing some interesting tunes as good as 'practicing'?
#V or bVI borrowed chord?
Whats that sound my amp makes?
Play a scale across the whole neck of the guitar
How do you avoid mindless practicing
How do you decide a chord?
Music Theory behind build ups
Cause of G string on Ibanez JEM sounding dead?
How to export mp3 file in sibelius
Beginner's piano for adults
What is the texture to this Prelude by J. S. Bach
Standard format for jazz chord symbols
Identify this Latin rhythm
Where to focus my efforts(vocal)?
What to Play Over a Dominant 7#11?
Is it normal for my forearm to hurt after playing a series of wide chords quickly? (Piano)
How to get lower in scale from A minor scale?
Dynamic shading (piano)
Computer and electronic softwares for professional musicians and composers
Trumpet low range in a big band
What do crescendo/diminuendo marks mean when no accompanying text?
Explaining the harmony of Wagner's Wanderer motif
Why do Old wood Recorders sound and play better
Reason 5: A note gets dampened so much that I cannot hear it, when another sound is playing
Which diagram is correct?
Midi keyboard key count
Right handed drummer on left handed drum set?
How to control volume of USB monitor speakers?
French counting system
Name of hemispherical drum from West Africa?
Why does Audacity consider 320kpbs "insane" quality for mp3s?
What is the difference between syncopation and poly-rhythm?
shepherd effect and continuity effect
In a piece in F minor, why is this chord written with C♭ rather than B♮?
Dominant transferred in into a minor key and a major key
Is there a standard non-Fux counterpoint method?
What scales to play over A minor blues?
How long does Grade 6 music theory take?
How to know if a song was already written and published?
Using a Boss tu-12h tuner
How do you play Stacked notes
How to count odd tuplets?
Should my vocal line leap?
Vibrato on violin(with double jointed fingers!)
learning scales on a piano
Is there a way to mute a specific instrument on songs so I can play that part with my instrument?
Do composers often compose one instrument 'section' at a time?
Why is Bonse Aba beamed the way it is?
What makes an acoustic piano touch 'heavy'?
My question is about reducing camera nervousness
Why piezo pickup pickups too much noise from left hand sliding up/down the fret?
How do I count this piece?
Too many Dotted Notes per Measure
Playing (Barre) chords up the guitar neck
Elfen lied OP- Lilium, Transcribed by TehIsher
music production software that is good in writing notes
minor tetratonic scales
9/8 hybrid vs compound time
How does AMEB exams mark melody writing?
Tapping Hybrid meters
Is it legitimate to use music technology to make me sound more proficient than I am?
Logic Pro X: keyboard shortcut to move the playhead to the begining of selected region
Logic Pro X: When pasting notes in a region, how to prevent resizing?
Best note format for Yousician Piano for starters
Difficulties with Stradella Bass System on Accordion
How many microphones does it take to record an electronic drum kit?
Key Signature with all Notes naturalized
What should an almost empty measure look like in 5/2 time?
Logic Pro X - How do I enter a triplet rest in the score editor
What is this time signature?
Using 3 or more keyboards in Mainstage 3
What is the term for multiple simultaneous vocal lines?
Different types of tuners
Harmonization of bebop scale
Recommendation music study books for intermediate
Soft high pitched sound
What contributes to an artist's melodic "signature?"
How is solfège approached when there is harmony in the background?
Need Help with Trumpet Lesson and Piano Chords
Electribe ES-1 and Mbox 2
What do these measures mean at the beginning of this choral piece?
Transcribing Es Ist Ein Ros Entsprungen
Arpeggios and arranging songs like an epic film score
Classify this type of song
Is there a word for this technique? If so, what is it?
Combining chords from relative keys
"Romantic Harmony" example; Why does it work?
Can I use a tenor banjo bridge on a plectrum banjo?
The role of vocal vibrato in a world where volume and large theatres are not a problem
Why is a banjo on a lesson book's tracks tuned to 438hz?
Does this measure make sense?
Metronome count problem left foot
When to play Amen
Music Composition: Which rhythm is easier to read?
How do I find inspiration and play with more 'depth'?
Writing to 4/4 midi grid with triplets for drums
Tips for a keyboard player learning piano
Starting over with Flamenco in my Soul
Mapping Per Track
Do advanced musicians still practice scales every day?
I just started guitar this week, frets buzzing
Strategies for learning all 60 seventh chords in root position (5 qualities in 12 keys)
Abbreviations for dominant seventh chords
What two keys are associated with a fix dominant 7th chord?
Fretted to fretless guitar
How to learn for the best results?
How is pitch controlled when executing a left-hand pizzicato on a violin?
Confusion about mixing major and minor pentatonic
Can VI have a dominant function?
Notes don't add up to time signature
Improvising a Solo with Both Hands
One string sharp when fretted
Which scale(s) can I use?
Learning notes on guitar in higher positions (instant recognition)
Engraving rules for lyrics (Word "didn't")
LilyPond tie doesn't work as expecting with two voices
Difference between Roland HP 601 and 603 digital piano
Vocal registers
Why is there a "G" marked on an augmented octave in Scarlatti Sonata K466 in F minor?
Proof of the sentence regarding Hz to cents formula
What is the frequency range of a typical subwoofer in a club PA?
Prepping to conduct an incomplete score
Is this cadence correctly written?
Recorders and Musical scores
What does H.V. mean in music notation?
What are the typical specifications of a typical guitar?
Guitar strings on bass
Why are brass nuts supposed to be good for sustain on guitars?
What do the numbers below the notes mean in violin music?
Descending Minor7♭5 Introduction/Motif Questions
Should I learn guitar, or violin?
DX7 - Connected sustain pedal by mistake to modulation, resulted on high pitch
Why could notes like this be marked as C(add2)?
Wicked Game by Chris Isaak: does the vocal melody sing triplets over a straight sounding groove?
Why are 16th notes in groups of 3 not adding up to 4/4?
Bach's keyboard concertos on fortepiano?
What is the difference between swung notes and triplet notes?
What should I look in a portable piano (for frequent travels)?
DX7 test sequence - understand errors and what to do about them
Does cold temperatures hurt my guitars if stored in a non heated place through the northeastern winter??
Theory on a major chord in the song Vincent
Sound of Octave-Tremolos
How do jazz musicians pick chords and scales?
harmony - singing F note on D major chord
What sort of setup do I need to record reasonable quality singing and guitar playing?
How are skip beats decided in Red River fiddling?
Four note chord?
What scale goes with the F#-7b5? I'm double checking what iRealPro has given
Why does the chord progression (i-)#IV-i sound acceptable?
Transposing a half-valve note, from trumpet to guitar
Is a minor 6 chord still called that way if the 6 interval is minor?
Multieffects pedals- Do companies pay royalties to original pedal makers?
I can't sing unless I'm singing along to someone else
How to properly play the "Funky Drummer" beat
Confused by time signatures
E F# G# Am Chord Progression
Voice type question
Notes become silent after move in logic
Singing standing vs. sitting
Define Apoggiato
Playing fingerstyle with short or long nails
How should I approach this section of Beethovens Op2 No1
How do you play vibrato on the Violin?
Why did Ligeti write a melody for the horn, if he believed melodies forbidden in modern music?
Baldwin MCX-88 Digital Piano key remove/replace
Writing a Strange Ukulele Tune - Need Chord Help :)
How to add rest above a note in Lilypond
Why do we use such different picks for guitar and oud?
Does a SSS standard strat sounds the same than an HSS One with the 5-way switch on the 4th position?
Nomenclature of diminished chords within diatonic harmony
What is the effect of "Conglomerising" your percussion?
I am stuck on barre chords
How does ignoring the math behind Xenakis's cacophonously dissonant music, affect your reaction to it?
2 drum stools broken in 2 years, both the same way at the stem, is that normal?
Possible just to use USB for midi information?
How to notate popular/contemporary song structures?
Confused about how to know the chord progression for each scale
Can I use the German sixth chord to modulate to another key?
How should I target learning chords?
Have things in music theory changed in the last two decades?
Does anything (permanently) change in brand new brass instruments after playing them for a period?
Vintage Les Paul: Upgrade?
is there a name in music when the melody changes the chord name or function?
Left hand bass technique
Ibanez S7420 ZR2-bridge not flush with body anymore, I can't fix it
Guitar: Left-handed or Right-handed?
Should notes on music sheet be numbered? Grade 1 piano
Which wind instruments do not change pitch when blown harder?
Why are some instruments listed 'in F' or 'in B'?
Is it possible for me to learn piano very very good if I start at this age (26) ? If yes, how long would it take?
Solid cedar acoustic - is damage near sound hole of concern?
Chord Sequence Am-G-C-D in Tony Rice's Shenandoah
Is C > Am > Em in the key of E minor or in the Key of E phrygian?
Just beginning to learn piano, need some help
Which direction to play chords cello
String Instrument Bowings
Trills, Tremolo and forearm movement on the piano
What is the I Rig
Does the dominant chord change its function if you add 11th interval?
My metronome Wittner 903304.0 stopped working
Boss NS-2 crackling cutting the output
Overall Latency -- nothing happens?
Why does the guitar F barre chord have the low E string muted?
Looking for Jazz recordings to practice transcribing bass lines
Significance of pop songs with progressions that alternate one chord with one that's three semitones below it
Fixing keyboard stand
what do i need to plug in my android and my guitar in one amp
Do all triads keep their function when inverted?
How to build a song arrangement from a melody
How do you center partial measure rests in LilyPond?
Am I correctly approaching the relationship between string bending and action height?
Can you listen to your computer's sound with a soundcard
What differentiates great music from good?
Can I use a midi-keyboard without pc?
Fender rumble 25 amp pops loud
What are these two marking across the stem of the notes?
Why are double staff pieces of music not properly aligned for Middle C?
Relieving playing tension and anxiety
Tritone substitution chord as an altered dominant ninth chord
What is "musical significance"?
What do you call a minor triad with a 4th in the bass?
Piano both hands, learning curve
Problem with guitar bridge
I get wrist pain when playing on the side of the keyboard opposite my hand?
Bass clef in piano scores, why?
Is the Baroque Schleifer, slide, or glissando symbol evolved from the Gregorian chant quilisma?
Straying off pitch in acapella
Piano tuning- tuning pin is far too small for tuning lever
Which guitar/strings for slide blues (acoustic)?
How to choose a bassline for a vocal melody
Writing for Violins and Violas
Reason for voice-crossing in Mahler's Symphony 1
Is there a way to determine the flatness (or sharpness) of the 4th note of a chord from its name?
Advice on fingering and hand position
A flat note or a sharp note
What does this up bow/strum symbol at the end of a measure (in a classical guitar piece) mean?
Music instruments taxonomy/sorting based on sound richness
What is the purpose of suspended chords?
Decay vs Sustain on synths
How do I record from a Casio keyboard with different sounds/instruments using multi-tracking?
Is a harp harder to play than a guitar?
Instrumentation of the Rite of Spring
If a tempo marking says frisch und munter what tempo should it be played at? (self.classicalmusic)
right way to notate?
how to play the 3 staves on bruyers?
How can I add a Let Ring keyboard shortcut for TuxGuitar?
What will help transcribe what I hear in my mind to actual notes
Improving a sloppy guitar style
In a TTTTBBBB arrangement, what do you call each group of singers?
Is it time to replace my violin bow?
Lilypond does not propperly render Chords when used with --png
4th finger free hand
Suggestions to Break away from Tabs
How do I go about selling my musical composition?
Modes of the "major scale" or modes of the "diatonic scale"?
Is rap / hip-hop music composed the same way like rock and pop music?
Understanding why notes are written on the other side of their stem
What actually constitutes a diatonic scale?
How to do Jumps while sight reading
How to compose a new song when inspired by existing song?
Does an upgrade from Ableton Live Standard to Suite cost the same if I already own Max for Live?
Dissonance: why doesn't the roughness curve have a dip for complex intervals like 7/6?
Which microphone to choose for normal recording
Improvisation and flow
Can I put nylon strings on a guitar designed for steel strings?
What does the "harmonic" knob do on a software instrument?
How do I sync a Digitech SDRUM with a Boss RC-300 looper?
How to add extra rehearsal marks in orch. score in Lilypond
Sample Library: Orchestra vs Band
Perfect fourth over perfect fifth?
Very high notes on the treble clef
Do you recommend purchasing devices to strengthen my fingers?
Do notes duration change depending on the time signature?
Performing music from long ago
Piano technique to stay on beat
Converting midi composition into orcherstral arrangement
Kick drum pitch variations?
Is pizzicato on a violin family instrument louder than finger picking an acostic guitar?
Time the sound of a pressed piano key take to reach the human ear
What can I do to stop getting nervous before and during a performance?
What is the name of this drums "disco" rhythm/technique?
"The intervals considered dissonant have changed since the 'Middle Ages'"; How so?
Finger or hand exercises while away from your instrument
A question about the Roland JC40 amp
Forgetting old finger position
Difference between 6 holed and 7 holed Indian bamboo flute?
cannot change tuning to Eb in Guitar Pro 6
Using PC and e-piano as audio input for headset while still using built-in microphone
All valid double stop shapes
Piano vs singer notes
While playing fugues, do pianists follow each voice simultaneously?
drumming -- voice as a 5th dimension of independence
Clarinet Transposition
Why make minor 7th chords with 2nd and 3rd fingers?
How do I practice arpeggios on the piano?
Do you have to hold note or is pedal sufficient?
Guitar high e string breaking when tuning up new string
What is a green cue point in Traktor?
harmonizing with 3rd voice
What does beating the fingers with the bow at the end of a concert mean?
Logic Pro: can't see the loop checkbox in track info
Live AR in music performance
Finger picking on bass vs finger picking on guitar
How can I make my music less dull, dry, and orchestrate better?
What scale degrees form the most-used chords in a minor tonality?
What does this line/square bracket under the notes mean in piano?
How to improve technique on a C chord for the banjo?
How is this bar an example of the rule given in Tonal Counterpoint text?
Notating a melody over a free-flowing arpeggio
How to start learning music theory?
What is a paradiddle?
Triggering melodic sounds with electronic drums?
What can one do to understand time signatures?
Improving a Child's Absolute Pitch
What does this wavy line mean in piano?
Do misaligned or missing teeth affect singing negatively?
How to play arpeggiated chords?
what is the foundation of a chord progression
Recording multitrack in FL studio
Can a song contain pitches outside of its intended key?
does anybody make a tin whistle with the same fingering as a recorder?
Is there any way to find a key of song somehow mathematically/algorithmically?
Harmonics on the sax
Are intervals always used in the context of a scale?
Music sheet says "in time, swing feeling", how many bpm is that?
G1xon multi effects pedal - can I hear the effected guitar along with the drum beats, through headphones, without an amp?
Extreme Vocal Problems
Differences between different MIM stratocasters
String quartet practice routine
Does the studying of theory and scales eventually turn into muscle memory?
How to notate glissando over multiple measures
What is a tonal plan?
Is Lorn's "Sega sunset" an example of polytonality?
Relation between Pini di Roma and Rutter Magnificat?
looking for an easy way to integrate recording and playing back into my practice routine
AC versus RC gain pedals?
what does "strict part writing(strenger satz)" means?
How do you play all the trills in Mozart Piano Sonata No. 15 K.545 1st Mov.?
Problem with a tie
Taxonomy of themes in classical music
Fretless vs. Fretted instruments for self-learning
How do you write a given stack of pitches?
Does it matter where you put the tempo marking (piano)?
Approach notes on bass guitar clashing with vocal
Vertical score positioning in LilyPond
How do you convert a major song to a minor and vice versa?
Can anyone help me to identify these piano notes
How do I stop the sound of a recorder cleanly and without the pitch falling?
Why are pedal notes in the lower, not in the higher, register?
playing a scale in different key than song
Is the Violin a difficult instrument to play for a beginner?
Are anti-accents used for the piano?
What is the a way to borrow a minor #3 chord into a minor scale?
Plausible Instrument Partsfor Alto Sax to Play
Which string is which!
How do I choose the type of chord for an specific scale?
How to know which key a song is written in with the same key signature?
How would earplugs change the performance of headphones?
Places to publish compositions
How do you identify whole-step and half-step between notes on sheet music?
What's the delay for per tick for 60 bpm in a metronome
How to export 2 or more selected tracks as one
Yamaha tenor recorder
How do the lyrics fit with these notes?
Important to be aware of time signature 12/8 switch to 6/8?
Hand Independence on Piano (no tutor available)
What is a correct sequence of notes in Chopin prelude #8 when playing slowly both hands against each other?
Do you always play the melody louder than the accompaniment, unless specified?
History of the baby grand piano
Learning piano the autodidact approach
Why do the examples in Fux's Gradus Ad Parnassum contain a G clef immediately after a C clef?
Transposing a Cello part to be played by a B flat Bass Clarinet
I think my guitar strings are wound too tight and I can't play barre chords
Unmatched note sang in a Chord
How to figure out which scale to play a specific chord in?
How can I create a rest the same length as a block of music?
Hendrix tone using a Marshall DSL and Fuzz Face
Telecaster saddles not moving forward
As a trained, advanced classical pianist, what is the best way to learn how to improvise?
Performance of Regular usb Audio interface when connected to MacBook Pro(with thunderbolt) via usb hub
The less I practice, the better I am...?
Diatonic harmonic function of chord inversions
FLStudio: Select notes in all channels
Fretted notes consistantly ~10cents sharp across the fretboard compared to open
Optimal harmonic audiation techniques
Lilypond - apply a repeating rhythmic pattern to all notes
How can I improve in melodic dictation for real?
Have John Cage's 'Dream' and 'In a Landscape' (1) Harmony, (2) Melody?
How to play eighths (quavers) interspersed only with quarter notes (crotchets) in swing time
Why play a fretted note while you can play it on an open string?
Fixable? Or decor?
DX7 BATTERY CHECK = 4.3V instead of 3V even after replacing it with new compatible battery
Cadence in Haydn's String Quartet in G, Op. 54, No 1, i, 1-13
Exercises for marching with tenor drum
In the Key of C major what would an F# major chord be?
What does a note with a dot next to it mean?
Yamaha P-105 + korg module x5dr ( how to connect?)
What is the curl that connects two notes on sheet music?
Superscript j7 for minor chord
How could I make this studio setup work?
What is the name of the method when you put three major chords in a row?
humming (noise) due to guitar or amplifier
Barre chord indication above the measure
Sitting at the piano
Is absolute pitch acquired by training, genetic or both? And if possible, is it much harder than relative pitch?
Shouldn't the strings resonate more, if I hold them down?
Why do we only build 7th chords on the supertonic and dominant of a major scale?
Why do chords have different notes on different scales?
Need help understanding this MIDI output
What is a Cminor chord in the key of Aminor?
Off beat chord change in progression
Strings on guitar quickly lose tension
The name of the technique for 'not breathing noisily while singing'?
What does this arrow mean in the chord annotations?
Vocal Cords Catching at Lowest Note
Is it possible to play a really high note like C8 for a long time?
When a major 6th (or an octave thereof) is in a chord, when is the chord symbol written as a 6th vs. a 13th?
Another finger picking question
How big a handicap is lack of "cutaway" in guitars?
Is it possible for a poor singer to become good one?
What is this tone of Clapton's?
How can a scale sound sadder/darker than the scale with the same key signature?
If I can sing to D2 what vocal type do I have?
How do I send arbitrary MIDI SysEx messages from a Windows laptop to a MIDI device?
Do composers take advantage of the position of players in an orchestra for effect?
When composing parts for different instruments, how do I find out if the part is playable?
Finding sheet music
LilyPond: Subdivided beam grouping for compound time signatures
Should I learn to read sheet music for playing the guitar?
How do you set up shared ASIO in Window 10?
Lowering the key of a song by a semitone
Problem with my new Gibson Les Paul Classic 2015
Do vocal classifications include head voice and falsetto?
What's this symbol in the picture (a line across three notes with a '3' in the middle of the line)?
How to know singing is in a particular key
Consecutive fourths in melodic motion
Are all modes/scales in a given key signature perceived as equally bright/dark?
Why do we harmonize the melodic minor scale if it was created for melodic purposes?
Sitting Height at the Piano
Was alto in the past lower in pitch than where they are today?
Understanding note spacing
(Tempo) Dotted minim/half note = c. 60 meaning
Five quarter notes in 4/4?
Why is V⁷ a seventh chord, while ii⁷ a minor seventh,
What are some strategies to compose a rather simple melody?
Breathing problems or lack of training
why is my electric guitar rattling after being hit
Are there any violin exercises for advanced playing like Hanon and Brhams for piano?
A#sus4 or A#add11 Chord?
Got a 70 euro used guitar, but frets are rather flat and don't really sound good, what to do?
Why is a 440 Hz frequency considered the "standard" pitch for musical instruments?
Vocal technique in the chorus of Stomp! by Brothers Johnson
Is C minor i in the key of C minor?
Relax right hand Flying Pinky at piano
How can you use a bass amp as a PA for more than one microphone?
In E♭ major, if an E has a flat next to it is it an E♭ or a D?
Floyd Rose Bridge Fine tuner knobs pitch goes up and then down
Performing while in a bad mood
That sound thats used in the drop of most melodic dubstep songs
Some measures have extra whole notes in them. What do they mean?
Are E1 A1 C2 and A1 C2 E2 the same chords?
What kind of saxophone is better to start learning?
Do musical instruments pitched at different frequencies play different notes when compared to each other?
Caring for violin while leaving it unused for a long period
Is Ab-D-Eb a sus4 chord?
How do I set my Ibanez guitar intonation?
How to learn pieces by heart?
developing rhythmical phrasing
Moog Minitaur port issues with FL Studio
What is it about this note that subverts my expectations?
Help! Light voice with non-existent high notes
Why do some bamboo flutes use bindings?
What do I name this chord?
How to fix out of tune octave on Casio PX-A100?
How does the ear pick which note to hear when hearing guitar vibrato
When to release piano sustain pedal
How to notate a tuplet with a non-tuplet at the same time on one staff?
How to notate a slide in vocal singing
Relevance of compositional key?
How do I compose idiomatically for brass instruments?
How do I compose idiomatic music for woodwinds?
Why can't drums produce melody?
Ending of Ballade in G Minor
In the Hanon piano exercises, why is there a beam joining two groups of 16th notes?
I am Looking for a workbook or pratice guideline for jazz piano
Is my trade worth it? Good 8 string for custom amp
How to make drums sound punchy and fat?
What are the rules of Third Stream composition?
What is the difference between perfect pitch, pitch memorization and relative pitch?
What is a raga?
How does one know if a score is notated well?
Is it a good idea to buy a guitar pedal without trying it?
awkward fingering for A1/E2
Will there come a day when there is no more available music to write?
Guitar - Record exercise lick over metronome with iRig
Guitar pedals not passing clean signal when bypassed
What are these rhythms?
1 or 2 PA speakers?
Trombone B flat Major scale patterns
Choir needs a new space to house sheet music library. Ideas?
What is a good way to practice piano sight reading?
Floyd Rose screws are too tight?
Is there a 5-7♭-1-4 chord?
Will an XLR female to 1/4" TRS plug work to connect a dynamic microphone?
How is this piano finger stretch remotely possible for anyone?
What is the relationship of raginis to ragas?
Keyboard type for loading VSTs?
If B has five sharps, and C♭ has seven flats then how can C♭ and B be the same key?
How do I harmonize a C major scale in fourths and then apply negative/mirror harmony?
Why are ukuleles tuned like they are?
Multitrack recording duration
Roman Numeral Chords with Slash
Is it possible to remove the center track from a song without making it mono in audacity?
How to practice for piano with chord in one hand and lead in another?
Where do the double accidentals go in "theoretical" key signatures?
How would I play this piano bassline?
Is there a specific term for mouth resonator instruments?
What is the best method to being able to sing again?
Where do you put your middle finger when you play D note on A string, on a violin string
Can vocal runs or a vocal melody rythm clash with the guitar rythm?
Tie or slur? Same note in-between
How to play this passage, a note, immediately following and of greater duration.
Why do we use steel for piano strings?
Advice on playing the middle voice of Schubert Impromptu No3
send vs return effects
How to fix springs noise on guitar with whammy bar?
Are there any good playable violin tabulatures for Paganini caprices, Bach and Vivaldi music?
Which microphone is usefull to replace the original MEMS Microphon of iRig Accoustic Stage?
Will bite marks on my clarinet mouthpiece affect my playing?
How to convert Guitar Pro files to MIDI in batch?
What are the typical ranges of voice types?
Do active pickups not work correctly with wireless systems?
Meaning of numbers under bass line in BWV 51 mvt.3 (maybe chords?)
Numbers at the start of hymn
Is it helpful to study jazz when I like pop?
Hearing the time signature switch of a cover of the "Mission Impossible Theme"
Musical notation created specifically for squared paper
Connecting Scarlett Solo output to mixer in live setting
Is there a color representation of music?
In this piano notation, which hand plays which notes?
Terminology confusion between Range, Register, Ambitus and Tessitura
Are breathing/tonguing techniques for melodica the same as for woodwinds?
What does this marking mean? The star and swirl with 4312 over it
Is there an end to studying music theory
Why is a passing note easier to sing when descending than ascending?
What implications do the formal rules of inversions have for suspended chords?
Guitar head with bass cabinet
How do you get that big 90s distorted guitar sound (Jawbreaker, Pixies, etc.)
Why are no two pianos tuning the same?
Does phase cancellation have side-effects?
What are the parts of a time signature called?
What determines the overall key of a work with multiple movements and key changes?
What makes a piece a fugue?
What kind of equipment do I need to hook an electric guitar up to a PC and use software effect processor?
Notation of note duration
Why are ledger lines (lines below or above the staff) used in writing music?
How to choose a custom tuning for a fingerstyle arrangement?
I have a pretty decent formation on piano and music theory but I find it difficult to perform vocal accompaniments
What do you call when somebody uses a paper between his lips and blows to improvise?
Humbucker troubles
What do the letters D and E above the staff represent here?
How can I express Dm using only the notes of C major?
Do SATB part-writing rules apply during repetition or when additional stanzas are sung?
boss loop station rd 2 with pa system
How do horns get mechanically voiced in a 125 key Gaudin dance organ (or other mechanical orchestra)?
how much db gain for limiting?
Condensing orchestral scores
When learning a piece, should I try to understand things beyond the notes?
Writing piano music: play top staff 2nd time only
Why does O Little Town of Bethlehem have two melodies?
What does a squiggly line above a note mean?
Repair cracked China cymbal?
Do I pick the bass string upwards or downwards?
Questions about hexachord on p.31 of the Study of Counterpoint
Kodaly Rhythm Method
Are there any pre-20th century examples of an augmented 6th chord with a leading tone?
Is falsetto bad?
Where should dynamics marking be written?
How to notate divisi with voice for solo and voice for the others
Are theremin's pitch hand positions unique?
Am I stuck like this?
Music sheet for piano, with two clefs, whats the reason for additional chord symbols?
A bunch of Questions
On the "meaning" of music
Are there "rules" for improvising with the minor pentatonic scale over 12-bar shuffle?
Learning scales (skipping major scales)
Percussion Rhythm Help
Are consecutive 3rds allowed in harmony?
How can one change the value of a knob with the computer keyboard in FL Studio?
What is this time signature with only one number?
Need help playing 16th notes on bass drum
What does "Base key" mean?
do singers start modifying all vowels on the same pitch?
Range implications of C extension on double bass
Mounting acrylic between guitar mic and mouth
Does leaving the excess string uncut, affect the guitar's tone?
Switch from bass guitar to upright / double bass: available resources
MiniDisc to Mp3 recording
I am an aspiring worship pianist coming from classical. How do I get started?
Home studio setup with Mac & LogicPro
Which key signature to pick for this chord progression?
Sound proofing a wall with rockwool. What's the best density?
Fraying violin A -string
What is the difference between changing a songs beat unit and its BPM?
New piano flaking near hitch pin
What does a pair of ceiling brackets mean?
Orchestras in real environments (for artistic effect)
Complete setup for stage performances
Do any countries use scales apart from major and minor for their anthem?
Is this an imperfect authentic cadence in a minor key?
How can I get a fatter bass on the D chord?
What's a standard fingerpicking grip when both the A and high E are "fingerpicked"?
Can a physics simulator be used to generate sounds for music?
Forming piano arpeggios/accompaniment for a particular song
I can't sight-read at intermediate level
Are Piano Stickers for Keys good or bad?
Why does Presto always trip me up?
How to Hook up M-Audio 2x2 Mtrack with Yamaha MG10XU MIxer for recording via laptop
Are guitars getting older in shops while waiting for someone to buy them?
Why does Libera wear earpieces?
Keyboard noise on brand new Clavinova CLP 645
Why is a ♭5 chord not a "triad"?
How can I type a sharp or flat In a computer file name?
How to finger-pick guitar boogie?
Difference between floyd rose mounted on the body or inside it
Bass buzz how do I fix it?
As a soloist, should I face the audience or the conductor during long tutti sections?
Guitar pickup coil , how far from strings?
What vocal techniques are used to sing and talk like a girl?
Key Sig Note Change
Why are chord inversions rarely/never mentioned in beginning jazz (solo) piano?
Strange issue with my amp head
Is this small note played at the same time as the regular-sized note?
What does the double 3s mean in these patterns?
How do I choose a performance program for VCE music performance 3/4?
(Singing) Why is low/high larynx bad for your voice?
Articulation between staccato and full note length?
How do I explain a time signature switch from 2/2 to 4/2?
Strange volume fluctuations
String gauge for playing on Drop G# on a 25.5 scale 7 string guitar
Can a stiff piano action be lightened?
Trying to figure out what sax, trumpet & french horn scales would be used to jam with a blues backing track in key of xx?
What are the primary (or most common) chords of the minor scale?
How to rewire my cabinet properly
What does this foot switch do?
Are there keyboards that you can import sounds into for each key?
Which chords trigger a romantic feeling?
Analysis of the chord progression in Mozart's "Rondo in D" K485, mm. 9-16
Piano for small hands (disabled)
What are these small notated notes?
Which among the following instruments would be the easiest to learn by a complete beginner?
Can you use a cable with a single wire for a mono jack cable?
What is the easiest way to hook up a monitor speaker without needing a mixer?
Get started with a tremolo Harmonica
Wireless earphones suitable for playing? (low latency)
Examples of people who started their instrument at an age >20 and got good at it
Timing and performance
Need some help with perfect fifth power chords
Notation for blind people?
Clarinet mouthpiece suggestions for an adult learner
Uneven volume of guitar strings when plugged in
Analyzing Hisaishi Joe's Song "Reprise"
Guitar bad habits
How to identify which key a song is in by ear?
What's the needed knowledge to play Over The Hills and Far Away - Nightwish version?
Is there any way to practice different strengths on same hand?
I have no music background and wrote this music score for a simple composition. What should be the key?
Using both outputs (internal speakers and headphones) on digital pianos
What is the advantage of DC out in tuner pedals?
How to play this trill in Mozart's Piano Sonata 14 (K457)
How do I analyze this altered dominant chord?
Is there a term for the practice of omitting staves for the measures that have no music in an orchestral score?
Is it possible to find the mode of the borrowed chord?
Emulating human performance in orchestral software
What Is Piano Music With Two 'Great Staves'?
Does vibrato’s or tremolo’s count as rhythm?
Tuning Mesh drumheads
Is it good practice to use Synthesia to figure out songs?
Runs or Arpeggios?
Puzzled by harmonic noise while releasing a chord on electric guitar
How to learn to create the right tone for my guitar?
Is splitting the quarters into triplets syncopation?
What is a 'temperament', in the most general sense?
Which musical interval is used for questions in English?
Lilypond – how can I write lyrics to rests in multiple stanzas?
"Overture" or "Ouverture" to designate the first part of a piece?
Does changing the music's key change the feeling?
Trombone preference
Why was Le Concert Spirituel playing out of tune at Proms 2012?
Hearing Aids for Music
Horizontal spacing of notes with multiple staves
difficulty with electric guitar
Cork in the base of a violin's chin rest
Chord Progression "Time" - Hans Zimmer
Effectiveness of learning drums by playing Rock Band
Double sharp notation - why should i use it?
Improvisation from four notes in a hat
Help with fast guitar fingering for Db13 in Michelle (jazz guitar)
Second hand piano
The role of accidentals in this piece of music
How many chords exist in total?
Cents vs semi-tones on guitar
How do we construct sweep picking "shapes" and how can I modify them?
What does "Moderately slow, in 2" mean at the top of a piece of music?
Bass identification--No name anywhere
What is the purpose of phase invert?
Meaning of a dotted quarter note next to bpm in sheet music
How to analyze a song?
Alternatives to gut for fretting a viol(a)
What is this metal thing on my guitar?
Harmony/chords in right hand, melody in left hand?
Diagnosing potential ground fault. More than 0ohms from pot
Are left hand chord patterns influenced by the time signature?
How long would it take for me to learn piano? How difficult is it to learn?
Sliding pattern on the C minor penatonic scale
Can the same piano be used for Indian and western music?
Indicating the expectation for improvised rhythmic ornamentation
Can all songs be transposed to fit any voice type?
Proper Connections between Digital Piano and Audio Interface
Interpretation of this Chord Progression
Is removing all the strings from my bass/guitar changing the sound of the instrument?
AT2035, I need some help, XLR cable issue, ''Replaing the Stereo PC Sound''
Where can I get a piano/music teacher certification?
What does this "legato" means for bass drum?
Can I ignore the bottom number in a time signature if I know the BPM?
Augmentum broken in Lilypond Vaticana notation
How do you play this measure on piano? Are unwritten polyrhythms a thing?
Can cloud lifter work with 1/4 inch inputes
On alternative training in case you can not practice a violin for a long time
How to tell when chords are separate entities and not part of one prevailing chord?
What scale to use on a Monte chord?
Music Mode what mode is song in?
Release and tension in micro-harmony
Is a whole note in seconds equal to 60 divided by BPM?
How to avoid a rut when listening to the same composition hundreds of times?
Is this a helpful way to think about Coltrane Substitution?
Sibelius seven - adjusting the length of one bar/measure
Optimal storage conditions for a violin
How do you bend notes on the bagpipes?
How to prevent one mistake from derailing an entire piece?
Rachmaninoff prelude op 3 no 2 marking meanings
Thumb dislocated and popped back into place, now stiff
I am having trouble reaching a ninth. Best way to practise?
What orchestral compositions have parts for Trumpet in H?
How do I play stacked notes?
Ukulele: I'm having the typical keeps-getting-untuned problem, but it's only with the lowest G String
the right way to notate enharmonic notes
Thumb position right hand for recorder
Disoriented when others join in
What are physical requirements for hand-bell mallets?
Stentor violin buzzes on the B note
Piano key sounded like a guitar string on top of regular piano timbre?
Can an arpeggio be multiple chords?
Default instruments for FL Studio 12?
Is it possible to have a V65/I if the following 2 chords are V42/iv then iv6
Will changing old drum skins improve the sound even if they are not visibly worn?
What exactly is a beat in sheet music/music?
maintain and repair clarinet
I feel my limits when I am learning drums techniques
What violin strings have the lowest tension without a bad effect on sound quality?
How to play notes over one octave at once in one voice on a piano?
When playing the oboe, should I touch the top or the bottom side of the reed?
What is the "tip" of the reed
I don't feel anxious on stage, but I perform badly
How did Pythagoras and Ptolemy measure the relative pitch of musical notes?
Scale question, Harmonic Minor with added 6th
Historically informed performance - Tuning
Why does my guitar pedal "pop" when I click it?
Computationally Determine 'Color Notes' of a Chord
What's the difference between the two arpeggio symbols (default and upwards)?
How do they decide the key?
Is there any place where I can find an explanation about all of a tablature symbols?
How do you exercise your hand before playing the piano?
How does bpm change affect the timing of notes?
Does an acoustic guitar pickup still benefit from overtones provided by wood types?
Why do our instruments go from bass on the left to treble on the right, and not the opposite?
Why do jazz chord symbols give absolute, not relative, roots?
How musicians are chosen to accompany on stage?
How to learn difficult triads on piano
What is the meaning of a dashed line connecting two notes on different staves?
Learning the Circle of FIfths
What Are Some Ways I Should I Practice to Improve Overall Tone on a Trumpet
Inverse / reverse Picardy third
Understanding why these specific chords are played?
How to print overlapping system start delimiters with lilypond
Why are there both sharps and flats?
Trick to figure out what the proper note to play is when playing in thirds?
Consonance/Dissonance of 5th according to the explanation of 4th
Virtual synthesizer or piano roll with controllable number of keys per octave?
What makes old guitars more valuable
How does ear training help me find the key of a song?
Should I follow my instructor when he says I'm a bass even though I don't like being a bass at all?
Disabling Mic before exporting from DAW
Connecting a PC via AUX IN to guitar amplifier
How does a Voice Box guitar effect work?
Types of tools to automate "tape-like" audio manipulation
Is there any reason not to use TRS cables for typically TS applications?
Other than tone, are there reasons to consider a semi-hollow over a solid body electric guitar?
how do you tune speaker systems?
What are the words above the staff called (especially at the beginning)?
Impossibly long flute note
Is it recommended to learn a piece you really like, but is way above your level?
What to call natural harmonics on bowed strings in speech
Does playing your instrument cause it to improve its tonal characteristics?
What Are the Correct Fingerings for Piano Chords (and Inversions)
Playing the F major scale for kids
How to play Chopin Etude Op 10 No 11?
Yamaha P45 Digital Piano - Can it be made MIDI compatible?
Cleaning the Flute
Setup for project reusing old PCs?
Alto Saxophone: spit on sides of mouthpiece?
Why does the open string oscillate when I play its corresponding fretted note on another string?
How to identify syncopation?
Sight reading piano pieces with sharp or flat key signatures using intervals
is it possible to connect yamaha psr s970 and Yamaha p115 digital piano?
How can I learn a new jazz voicing on piano?
How to adjust finger picks
Hearing separate notes when played together
Techniques to practice?
Piece is D harmonic minor. Should I sharp all Cs?
How can I measure humidity for my guitar's health and welfare?
What is meant when a guitar amplifier does or does not "take" guitar pedals?
How does a keyboardist (as the lead singer) display good, energetic stage presence?
Analyzing Hisaishi Joe's " Village in may " 1
What's the difference between an accidental and a non-diatonic note?
Strengthening finger playing F barre chord
In a musical note (A for an example) are all the other frequencies harmonic?
How to play softly on a digital piano?
Meaning of Capitalization on The Notation of Gregorian Psalm Tone Endings
What to learn first?
A little music theory question regarding chord progressions
Does this chord change have a name?
S.L. Weiss - Ciacona Suit 10. How to play this note on guitar?
How to get rid of a scratch on my strat
How to sound full and present when performing outdoors?
How to get that string noise buildup effect on guitar?
How do I achieve this bass tone?
How does 8va work on a staff with multiple voices?
What was Chopin's style like?
Analyzing Hisaishi Joe's "Village in May" & its chord progression
What does counter-point mean when playing guitar?
Ranking dominant chord alterations by dissonance
help! no sound from guitar to amp
can I connect my acoustic electric guitar to a home stereo amplifier and play thru the stereo
What are the advantages of larger frets on a guitar?
Prevailing theories about discovery of harmonic intervals
jazz counterpoint
analyzing Hisaishi Joe's "Village in may " 3
Help With Tempo
Chord Progression in scale
How to get a tone like this using vox mini 5 rhythym amplifier
Is there some means of expanding the range of a capped reed instrument?
Solfege not working for me
How is this possible in Bach's Goldberg Variations?
Is there no time signature in this mahler's piece?
How to strengthen and make better use of a weak pinky finger on the violin?
How to keep violin bow positioned properly on the string?
Can i use guitar(yamaha f310) clip on directly with speakers without using amplifiers
How to play the trills in Chopin's Waltz in A minor Op 43 No 2
Do I need an audio interface to play only voice/keyboard?
Music score markings
Rapping for a long time without breathing
Should I buy a dedicated microphone for recording?
What do you call a scale with 19 notes per octave? Howabout 17 notes per octave?
How to induce frisson in music
Choosing musical instrument
Why do these notes have two sets of beams?
How would you morph smoothly between two different vocal performances?
Do I need a (pre) amp for a distortion pedal?
Simple little questions about available (ex)tensions
Musical that requires changing the keyboard MIDI sounds quickly
What should I learn after completing scales
Harmony Question
How do I make Sibelius stop, not pause (i.e. always start from the same place at playback)?
Guitar Playing Barre chords
How does Ravel mix modality with chromatisim?
what's the name of the interval A (V degree) and D# in a e minor scale?
Notation of a pickup out of open vamp?
A (classical) voice equivalent to the Henle Difficulty System
How to play same note with left and right hand
How to listen to spotify & record instrument with Lexicon Alpha?
What method for learning the guitar fretboard is most effective?
Reinforcing meter when dealing with alternating 1/8 and 1/16 notes and rests
Hearing Chord Progressions
Is there a way in Lilypond to omit entire staffs from the pdf layout but listen to them in MIDI?
Why are scales built sequentially, rather than around the circle of fifths?
How to wire 1 humbucker to a 6 position rotary switch without tone and volume pots?
How does longer guitar necks with more frets affect the sound?
Learning piano in mid 30s
BWV 1004 - Is there a pause by the end of Ciaccona or is it staccato?
Do major triad chord notes depend on the key? Key=E, Emaj=EG#B vs Key=C, Emaj=EGB?
Determining dynamics of individual parts in music group
Should a non-annotated note after a flat note be flat?
Tuning fork v Tablet
Why do we scale/shift up an octave in the overtone series?
Trying to Make an Accurate Model of a Stratocaster
I need help with my microphone
Using cordless pickup for any guitar causes buzz in all my amps
How come you can hear individual notes but not overtones?
Relationship between movements
Why don't we use the early overtones in order from a Harmonic series to create chords/scales?
Singing wihout voice
High note =high energy?
connect a mac or windows pc to a eon612 speacker
Why is the natural minor the most popular mode of the major scale?
How should I conduct a double time tempo change?
Creating melodic/harmonic music with Csound?
I can hear the melody, but I can't hear the chords (Lift Every Voice example)
Regulating levels with lots of pedals/complicated songs
Understanding sound in a lamellophone (kalimba, karimba, or mbira)
Why is the first inversion of a C Major Chord very rarely used on guitar even though it is easier to play?
Proper ukulele strumming technique
Small guitar amp only works at certain volume levels
Drum student - left handed
Are there different standards for XLR cabling?
Humbucker buzzing when playing, but if I point in certain direction it stops?
How come we squish everything into one octave?
Guitar amplifier output problem
Use Roland D20 with Ableton Live Looper
Rules of rhythm (especially in regards to Palestrina-like counterpoint)
Dotted half rest not working in 3/4 time in LilyPond
I have a problem with tempo during recordings
tight truss rod
Can I use my laptop headphone jack for Midi keyboard live performance?
What do I need to consider when changing to a Bassist Vocalist from Guitarist Vocalist
I want to learn the saxophone. How difficult will this be?
Grand piano has one damper malfunction
Do accidentals last for the entire measure?
What exactly indicates natural after double sharp/flat?
Pitch perception: What allows us to uniquely identify a musical note?
Why is this guitar making so much noise?
One staff with two sections and two voices
Good theory books/guitar/singing books?
How to keep the version number in an include file?
What's the proper usage for << >> and { }
Two Voices on One Staff Renders with Two Staffs
Does mixed voice take time to sound better?
Can this notation be considered either 3/4 or 6/8 time?
How do you know when a key name needs an accidental?
Loop pedal volume in effects loop not controlled by amp volume controls
Is this acceptable notation for a "how to play" excerpt?
How do I know which tensions are available?
Why isn't there a classical composer like Beethoven, Chopin or Mozart today?
Help with a Minecraft Piece Analysis?
Loudness of instruments - musician's viewpoint
Play live and loop
Why are these guitars strung this way?
How does the perfect fifth truly work?
How many cents would would i need to shift the pitch of the sample to change its key?
Parallel Fifth in a Symphony Orchestral
Any books similar to Mikrokosmos written by a famous composer?
How to add higher strings onto an 8 string guitar?
Books on composition as insightful as Goeschius
How do I use the 'white-key method' as an aid for memorizing intervals?
What methods are used by jazz musicians to fill in addition chords to a song?
What's a good technical way to come up with melodies in a certain scale?
Whats the role or practical use of the harmonic series in music?
Why have sharps and flats instead of twelve notes with distinct names?
Can lyrics be added interleaved with notation in lilypond
Ear training - help recognizing intervals
Theories of musical texture
Examples of jokes by Mozart
What constitutes a more effective skill development in self-teaching piano; aural skills or music notation?
Learn to generate musical tones in your mind?
How can I learn about reasons for choosing different ways to play a chord?
Do birth defects in the neck limit the range of some singers?
Mirror chords theory
What is the technique I need to know in order to develop "Chicken Pickin" for guitar?
Why did Anna Magdalena Bach write funny accidentals sometimes?
Other name for D minor on C
What is the size of smallest flute?
is the definition of a natural sound adjusted by the key signature?
When playing doublestops, can they be inverted?
Why my right hand trill is so bad?
Why do people, not devices, play music?
Does pop music ever make use of modulation?
Piano tuning hammer gets stuck
What type/format of sheet music is this?
Is the audio quality of a digital piano sufficient for enjoying classical music on YouTube?
What is a roman numeral analysis of the chords from Coldplay's "God put a smile upon your face"?
Use a laptop as a loop pedal
Move individual midi notes to the end of each note in Logic Pro X
Slur With Mixed Syllabics
What is the purpose of studying intervals
Songs that move between 6/8 and 4/4?
Recorder left hand thumb position with certain note combinations
What is the name of this type of chord?
Is an accidental considered off key?
Is there actually an "undertone series"?
What is the length of water and the length of air in a glass needed to produce different pitches in a glass harp?
How to get reading dotted quarter notes natural?
What are the names of those jazz chords
What's going on in measures 11 - 16 of Beethoven's Sonata Appasionata?
Techniques to facilitate the process of marking which words are stressed/accented by beat
Recording from VCV Rack using Logic Pro X
What is Salon music?
Where does this chord come from?
When playing in a minor key, is it common to switch between the different minor scales?
Subtle Bristling Motion
Suggestions for what to look for in a keyboard that would be a suitable stepping-stone towards learning piano
Database of scales
Subtitle won't wrap
What's the name of the instrument that is blown into, that has a lid that lifts up?
How to start a track? (FL Studio | Future House | Bounce | EDM)
Cheap guitar - steel strings
Neo-Riemannian Theory and Tonal Music
Does the key signature change how I notate a diminished seventh chord?
How do you build a major chord?
Why does Metal sound so muddy?
What genre of music is the most complex?
Lilypond layouts - position Instrument Name for a concert band part
How to fix a not-working key on a Hohner Melodica
Why do these chords not have these repeated notes?
How long does a sound take that corresponds to a note at a certain tempo? What notations / conventions do influence it in detail?
D major Scale chord progression root in bass
What is the section called when part way through a song, there is a major style change?
Help needed to see if parts are genuine Fender Stratocaster parts
In-ear monitoring - will adding ambient mic help my monitor sound be less isolated
Do scale degrees in modes have the same harmonic function they have in the major scale?
Problem distinguishing certain P4 and P5
What do square brackets above the bottom staff mean?
Having some trouble with piano fingering
What does two chords notated above one another mean?
Harmonic Minor Progression Understanding
About "Hybrid chord"
Is ear training for piano is 100% sufficient for ear training flute?
Is there a difference in the string sets?
Is there a minimum time like 1/4 second or 1/2 second , a pitch should stay?
Which octave learning can be postponed by beginner while eartraining from 7 octave computer software for piano?
What are the disadvantages of not warming up?
Tri-Tone Substitution theory and practice
Do most people listen to music that reflects their mood?
Is there a way to define dissonance such that it can be quantifiable?
What happend if flat and sharp in one line before any of them neutralized?
Why do we always call a quarter note a **quarter** note?
[FL Studio]: Is it possible to map notes?
chords outside of scale
How much math did Pierre Boulez understand?
How to achieve this tone?
How much math did Iannis Xenakis understand?
"Drop voicing" How useful it is?
Playing vocals on instrument
First Fretboard Location of a Song on Guitar
Most useful excercises to do when there is no access to a piano?
How should one start composing with a 10+ year experience as an amateur pianist?
Why do tritone substitute dominants have tensions 9 #11 13?
Is it ok for a choir to learn by listening?
Is there a CAGED system for pentatonic scales when playing guitar?
Industry Standard for Psychological Mapping of Emotion to Musical Keys
Are electric guitars more prone to fret buzz than acoustics?
Alto Sax Player Doesn't Tune to C but to E or F and the guiatist tune to the sax. What harmonicas should I use?
Which one is better midi controller or midi keyboard
How to identify the chord progression and a specific chord
How to identify correctly between 3/4 and 4/4 strumming patterns?
Is it optimal to have the root of your index finger touch the guitar neck?
Diatonic vs chromatic harmonica
What is the difference between harmony and consonance in music?
What causes consonance in music?
Why did Chopin name Etude Op. 25, No.5 the "Wrong Note"?
Pinky in traditional grip flying out for no reason
Singing Exercises
How do I use vocal fry (growl) without harming my vocal chords?
Will playing without mistakes at all become easy for me in the future?
Very little time to learn pretty complex songs. What should my strategy be?
Can the true guitar sound be made purely in software?
Who invented rhythmic value names based on fractions of a measure of 4/4 music?
Performance over correctness?
Use Of Silica Packets For Clarinets?
Learning notes on the fretboard
Why does my G-string ring much longer than other strings?
Is F/C chord a Hybrid ? How?
Help identifying this chord with many accidentals
How do I choose which direction to modulate?
Tonal hierarchy in non-diatonic music
Missing Falsetto
What are the technical terms of these fiddle sounds?
Technical name for an arpeggio played fast across entire piano?
Simple ratios or Overtones?
Analyzing Hisaishi Joe's "Path of the wind" 1
Why aren't 9th commonly added to half diminished chords?
What's the difference between dissonance and beats?
Piano music - should I truly not use the sustain pedal in places not marked so?
Accidentals in the same register in a measure with a clef change
Why is Debussy's remark brilliant (on going out and smoking, at the start of Beethoven's developments)?
I want to use a modal interchange chord but I can't find which mode/scale I'm borrowing it from
Modal Interchange chord progression (bVIIM7 moving to IM7)
Why is this tremolo here instead of a trill?
How do I interpret this chord progression chart?
Writing interesting accompaniment rhythms
Can a guitar pickup be eq'd to imitate a different wiring from its own?
Operating guitar for 10 years but can't make music
What's the name for chord progression that always jumps 4 scale degrees?
What does "vos" mean?
String muting technique for 4-8 fingered tapping
Can I use the G2 Pedal to simply act as a volume pedal?
Why is this segment of "E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial" in B minor and not D major?
What is back cycling?
How do multiple sound waves interact physically to create music?
What is the "simple frequency ratio" theory?
Why does Brahms stand next to Bach and Beethoven?
Guitar - What are Cadd9, Dsus4, etc?
What is the "safe zone" of tuning?
Why does a Serialist composition sound like a random one?
How can I hear an octave-displaced version, as easily as the popular piece?
Is there a name for the extra measure that they like to put into country songs?
Rules For Notating Tuplets
How to play E major first inversion smoothly with the right hand on the piano/keyboard
Writing a melody that forms second harmonies with a chord progression
USB sound card's microphone does not pick up anything from amplifier
What are the chords in this bridge's cadence?
Grace notes: when are they played on the beat, and when are they played off?
Room Acoustics for Singing
How do you refer to a note that is more than one octave above or below middle C?
Guitar: on which fret is the key of A?
Fingers pain on my first day playing guitar
Ideal action and string gauge for acoustic fingerstyle
What makes a chord minor, major or diminished?
Do all periodic sound waves have harmonics?
How do I play these measures in "Fur Elise"?
How to keep the mood of a song when you've practiced it a lot
Question about beaming in LilyPond
What do we call it when everything—pitch, chords progression, etc.—changes in a song?
What chord would this most logically be thought as?
What is an octave?
Multiple chords overlap in modal interchange chords from different modes
Fret diagrams for chord backing in Lilypond
Does circle division by chords have anything to do with actual chords of music.
Pitch or frequency?
Why is the 7th of e.g. GMAJ7 an octave darker than scale degree 3 and 5?
What kind of notation is this?
Why does Indian Hindustani or Carnatic music not use chords?
What is this "time signature"?
Ableton Levels changing themselves?
How many scales should one be proficient in?
Why does unpitched percussion play a less prominent role in classical music than many other genres?
What is this unfamiliar notation?
How to deal with constant time signature changes?
I haven't practice on singing before?
Should I learn to play Chords using left hand or Right hand on Piano?
'Pedal Bashing' as Percussion. Is it safe?
LilyPond : how to write numbers before staves?
im new to this whole stringed instrument thing key shifts, notes?
What's the official term for the part(s) of instrument(s) playing the exact same score?
Removing bad frequencies from electric guitar
Are there good plug-n-play boxes to give piano sounds to a midi only keyboard?
Is this string properly installed?
Do I necessarily need an audio interface to record sound from my Nord Lead A1 on a MacBook Pro 2016?
How to play D.S. al fine with an A and B part
Difference between half note and quarternote with quarter rest
Do sounds from different musical instrument merge together into one wave?
Is there a common name for this common chord progression
Truss rod adjustment had no noticable effect
Is there an AU plugin that has a similar use to FL Studio's Stamp Tool?
E flat to B flat on Flute?
Are there a set of skill levels for playing piano and what is needed to master these levels?
Going "backwards" in my guitar practice
Can i plug an 12v DC to a 9v Pedal?
Backing track chords Eb saxophone
Are Guitar Patterns an Absolute Necessity for Improvisation?
Are there any music rest holder extension available for Keyboard X stands?
Would upgrading the pickups on my low end Ibanez make it sound like a high end one?
Which way should I point subwoofers in a small-medium sized venue?
How do I apply major scale on the guitar?
Should I start learning a piece of music?
Is this the wrong way of analysis?
alternatives to the 12 notes system?
How should I notate this chord?
What's the proper technique for fretting chords on a guitar to prevent hand cramps?
How to deal with a guitar balance problem?
Find notes by chords and key
How do you find your own signature sound or tone colour?
Behringer x1204usb + Shure SM48 + Laptop = very low volume
basics of chord learning in guitar
What is the difference between 'chorus' and 'refrain'?
How to clean a smelly flute?
Is dictating a score from memory a good way to test if the piece is memorized?
How can I make any knob on any pedal controllable with an expression pedal?
How might I transition from a sad sounding 4/4 time signature to a more upbeat 12/8?
link ableton to traktor and let traktor be the master
Eartraining: What to learn after mastering interval recognition?
Autotune a video
Are there any tuning differences between the C# Major Scale and Db Major Scale?
Notating the diminished Scale
How do I trill between F and D in the middle register?
Diminished Seventh Arpeggio?
Scales and order of presentation
Why is the Mirror on a midpoint, rather than the root note, in Negative Harmony theory?
How to play this kind of "growly" sound in the guitar?
Can the I IV V chords harmonize any major scale melody?
When is a good time to take up Piccolo?
What are other intonations that exist in music?
Chords in a pentatonic scale
Can the i, iv, and v chords harmonize any minor scale melody?
Can I extend my guitar's jack socket without a lead?
Transposing from flute to clarinet by computer
What is the Western equivalent scale of Indian Raga Mayamalavagowla?
Why is the hexatonic scale that can be derived via a chain of perfect fifths so little-known?
Analyzing Hisaishi Joe "Tenkuu no Shiro Rapyuta"
I want to start recording some bass riffs in FL studio to use them later in making songs. What are good practices for this?
Analyzing Hisaishi Joe's "Path of the wind" 2
In what position to play Monti's Chardash solo (Sautille arpegios with melisms) violin bars 34-40
Dance: tango argentino dance floor dimension
Confused by overtones when transcribing music
Beginner at piano with music experience trying to find a place to begin
Soloing using Phrygian Over Minor Chord progression
Did people use DAWs or Trackers first in the 90s?
E to A# is an Augmented 4th, right?
Is there any way at all to tell if these measures are 6/4 vs. 3/2?
Is it good idea to start theory and song writing at the beginning?
Im having issue with my bass guitar
What is the name of the technique where the pitch of the instrumental or vocal line slides smoothly between notes?
What should I play on a keyboard to accompany singing?
Can wind instruments be played out of tune?
Timing: Would listening to a metronome for hours on end help at all?
Do out of tune singers hear that they're off?
Why does D in the chord progression "Cm Eb F Bb7 C D" sound correct?
What do I need for my condenser microphone to work correctly?
Is it safe to use velcro Command strips on the inside of the body of an acoustic guitar?
Did hardware generally move to software for music production?
Coudet Clarinet and Transitioning From Flute/Alto Sax
Timpani Choke Notation
What does this bold letter preceeded ny a roman numeral indicate?
What would D A and A in an octave higher played as a chord be called?
What's analog vs digital in music production?
Analyzing Joe Hisaishi's "Neko Bus"
How do I fix a stuck Joint on a plastic recorder
What's the best way to rebuild piano technique?
Counterpoint (Fux): 3rd species, 3 voices, closing formulas
E major and A minor together are not in scale?
Signs Vibrato Isn't Coming From The Right Place?
Notes preceding slurs: legato or not?
measures numeration in polymetre
Origin of Roman Numeral Analysis
What kind of cadence is this?
Difference between a mordent and an appoggiatura in Chopin's Waltz in A minor (op. posth.)
What is the minimum electric guitar neck size
Roman numeral anaysis help
Studio One: Trying to use music as background without crossfading multiple events
Does Vm7 in minor key function as dominant?
What is the technical term for two (or more) melodies being played at the same time?
What is it about the blues chord progression that makes the blues feel?
Logic (or possibly general production) terminology - what does 'recorded box' mean?
When to use tied notes vs. an unconnected “laissez vibrer” (l.v.) tie?
English equivalent for Fünftonraum
When/should I add breath marks to my woodwind/brass score?
What happens if you anchor your pinkie and how do you avoid it?
How did the harmonium and violin become an integral part of Hindustani music?
Switching between voices on a multi-instrument staff
Is it possible to play Novation Launchkey Midi controller without computer
How to palm-mute bass notes only?
Should I configure my keyboard transposition to match the key of a score?
Plug electric guitar into PC for practising
Learn to finger march in f by Daniel Turk
What is the meaning of this small vertical line?
How can I to learn sight-singing, transcribe, and sight-reading?
Sources of harmonic ambiguity in tonal music
As a guitarist, is there a way that I can look at a piece of music and determine which pentatonic is used?
Can I buy a good electronic keyboard for $100?
What's the purpose of the dual saddle on my 12-string guitar?
Right way of playing piano chords - knuckle (finger), wrist (hand), elbow (arms)
Are there theoretically 46 keys in total?
Sweep Picking WIth Metronome
What interval is from G♭ to A♯ (same octave)?
Are musical floppy drives tone wheel instruments?
Should I remember the diatonic chord names of each scale?
(Piano) Fast "alternating" octaves on the left hand - technique or just muscle power?
What is Chris Potter playing here?
If I change the pitch of a C major scale can I get to any major key?
Where to put my volume pedals
Question about guitar amp footswitch compatibility
How to work out the key of a song which has a few of the same chords of more than one key
(0,1), (0,2) and (0,3) modes of vibration for a timpani
What relation does harmony have to repetition?
Does the manner in which you release a tone on the piano affect its sound?
How slur/legato score notation should be played on violin: with hammer and pull-of or the other way?
Does knowing what position you're in actually help with fingering? If so, how to practice/learn?
What combination of features should I look for an electric guitar to be as flexible as I can?
Is it CMaj9/B or Cadd9/B?
Is the Western system of notes and intervals essentially two-dimensional?
What chords should accompany descending bass notes in a scale?
What is the most common way to refer to a particular note in the chromatic scale without making any implications as regards tonality?
Whereabouts is G?
how to joint the left and right channel in mixing?
How to practice guitar improvisation?
How to transcribe close 3-part vocal harmony?
How to clearly notate tuplets, both "simple" and "complex," in irregular meters
in ableton live 10 where did the crossfade controls on two adjacent clips go?
Is the pitch-producing mechanism for singing and humming the same or entirely different?
Recording the parameters of a mix
Is anyone familiar with the term "magladize?" (sp?)
Large amounts of tension in my lower singing range
Whether child singers know what they are doing while singing different pitches or do they do it automatically?
What does "Saltino" mean?
How to record voice over existing voice tracks using Audacity
12 String guitar going out of tune around the 8th fret on the high e, b and g
Connecting a Zoom G3 and G3X together
How to reduce noise when recording audio to computer from keyboard?
If the bass moves chromatically is any chord progression possible?
Is Chromatic a Synonym for Non-Diatonic in all cases?
Best approach/technique/workflow in transcribing harmonically complex music?
How are Accordion Bass Buttons Arranged?
Why do we have same chord but different name?
Seagull S6 acoustic guitar feels very hard to play
Why are measures (aka "bars") important?
Correct chord notation for inverted 7ths
Developments in musical form in mid-nineteenth - early-twentieth century music
Why is automatic key detection hard?
Why are Ionian and Aeolian considered Major and Minor keys respectively, but not the other modes?
Is there a "fourth wall" to break in song writing or performing?
Creating music on specific key
Shipping a C.F. Martin guitar bought in US to India in personal cargo
I have perfect pitch but have trouble identifying the note of human singing and the note I hear in my head. Any suggestion on how to practice this?
Fingerstyle for a COMPLETE beginner
Why is there no indication of relative loudness on sheet music?
Chaining amplifiers together
Daisy Chaining Mixers
Does the THX Deep Note Actually Increase in SPL/IL?
Where did the diatonic scales come from?
Harmonising over strummed chord, has this technique got a name?
How to create the minor/major scales on the piano?
Last notes sound out of key when played lower?
Counting long rests in music
How long does it take for fingers to get used to playing electric guitar strings?
Will the electric keyboard make other instruments obsolete?
How to practice all chords in a certain key and have it sound musical?
Are there established good practices for how to use musical navigation markers correctly?
Sheet Music Notation for Pronunciation
Lilypond produces unexpected interval changes with \relative and \transpose
Pain at base of left thumb after playing stride piano
E7 F chord progression in key of C
Does anyone know of an in-place adjustable keyboard stand?
Is there a theory term for using a restricted 'vocabulary' of chord types?
Why do music teachers emphasize reading sheet music and not playing by ear?
When counting in, why do people often do it at two speeds? (1_2_1234)
Will practice improve the tone on my new flute?
How would you describe the sound of a tune that is played backwards?
What counts as tonal music?
Meaning of "you can tap in the delay time" (manual of Behringer DR 400)?
What terms describe music that generally moves down (Or up) in pitch as the music moves forward?
How Can I Make my Solos Sound Like an Actual Song?
Tempo Markings following rit and rall
How can I play two overlapping parts with different sounds on keyboard?
How to think about the tensions of polytonality with 3 or more keys?
If I know the notes in a melody, how can I identify the scale that is being used?
How to write this glissando/arpeggio for orchestral harp?
To get to jazz do I just add a seventh?
I'm a beginner. Can I play most of popular music - The Beatles is an example - on a 61 key keyboard?
What is the difference between tonality and key in music?
How to measure computer-generated song files as "good" from AI trained from classical music?
Is it appropriate to use BPM to measure the tempo of a song?
How to tune the flute by ear
Computer-controlled portable reed organ?
What are the different types of cellos?
should I buy an amplifier or monitor PA for my electro acoustic guitar?
What does the abbreviation "SA" in my score mean?
French Horn Handedness
Bass guitar: Fret distance formula
In species counterpoint, what is "an unprepared and unresolved double leap"?
Modeling amp with FX Loop
What are the best criteria for naming a key?
Horizontal bar in trill fingering
Beginner at piano and I don't seem to have good inner tempo/pulse
Why was "A" called "a good country key"?
Term for improvisation (or Melody) based on specific intervals, not notes?
Why does the Ampeg SVT4-pro and B4R require a special cable for mono-bridge mode?
Violin Question (Help)
How do you play this Chinese tab?
What is the maximum time for which same note is used in a song?
How to distinguish light vs dark tone?
What pen to use for autograph on guitar, and how to protect it?
In which key these chords go?
Is John Williams "cheating" when he plays Asturias?
Converting passages written in non-dyadic time signatures into dyadic time signatures
I feel like I don't evolve, and sometimes shamed when playing with someone better than me
Preserving autograph on a guitar done in sharpie?
What are the little "X"'s next to the notes?
What is `Roland's pitch` and `Yamaha's pitch`? and How to convert notes to them?
Do analog mixers produce more noise than digital mixers?
How to assign a Launch pad to a specific key in Cubase
Don't know which music I want to play
Why isn't there a closely related key to C minor that has D as tonic?
Double stops in ABRSM Grade 7 violin
Name of black keys as a starting point in a musical series?
Training set for automatic transcription of singing
Chord sounding weirdly/ how to read those notes (Piano)
Is a seventh chord as fundamental as a triad?
Confusion about blues scale and chords
Why does f major scale have a flat instead of a sharp?
Harmonica : what is a bend -4''?
How do I play this passage smoothly?
Why are double flats used instead of another note with a flat/sharp/none?
What are these slashed noteheads?
Is the diminished chord not as relevant as the other diatonic chords?
Buzz problem in Ibanez RG350dxz
Analysis of borrowed chords in Lush's "Single Girl"
How many sharps in D# major?
MIDI Humanization: Random detune plugin (audio or midi)?
How do I correctly borrow chords from one key to another?
Is there a specific vocal technique to sound "croaky" towards beginning of phrases?
Guitar same fret different string
Can I play an English horn part with a viola?
digital piano volume
Piano: How high should I lift my fingers before hit keys
Piano exercises post-chemotherapy
Learning an instrument with visual impairment
Learning to sing while playing a syncopated strum
Can a violinist, violist, or cellist transpose by perfect fifth by just playing one string higher or lower?
Why does a C Major chord work in the key of D Major
How do You Internalize a Song Progression While Soloing?
How do I fix a broken bridge pin without going to the guitar shop?
What does "Etwas Belebter" mean in "Verklarte Nacht"
Solfege (aka Do Re Mi) in natural minor scale?
New to Music and need understand on chords
How young could a child start learning an instrument?
Acoustic Drummer Tempo to Pigtronix Infinity Looper?
History of triplets
How does a key influence pitch?
How to play first trill in Mozart's sonata K576?
Can you hear the difference between relative keys?
What is the historical time line of the diatonic and chromatic scales? (history pov)
Cremona SV-1220 missing sound post?
How to play this rhythm precisely?
Why is sheet music confined to a key?
Suggestions for repairing a broken guitar tuning key
Strumming pattern counting
Why is a violin so hard to amplify?
Notation for fast notes across two measures
Too many notes in measure?
Piano practise: hand independence for beginners
How to compute the weight of a digital piano, included play pressure?
Is asio4all compatible with bluetooth headsets?
How to hear the pattern and the chords - guitar?
Can eggboxes really be used to treat a room? If so, how?
Putting original song in Movie?
how do I improve my muscle memory for accordion
Is there a formal term for the "WWHW" and "WHWW" ordering of intervals in a perfect 5th?
If my low string is tuned to F, how should I tune the rest of my strings?
The Song "Spanish Guitar": How is this played on piano/keyboard?
Jamming as a piano beginner, accompanying a song
Need help with figuring out how to play a weird part in the piece. The bass clef is weird
Would lower tension strings give better sustain on high notes on classical guitar?
Connecting Scarlett 2i2 to Midas DL32 digital stage box
In ancient Greece, did they use the Pythagoras discovery of ratios to create tetra-chord?
How to set up an amp for a metal sound?
What is the meaning of 'chorus' in terms of a 12 bar blues?
Can I use the “unused” Bb Key on the flute?
What is chord Dm5b
Solfege versus normal note names (do, re, mi v. C, D, E)
Is it necessary to put nuances indication at the start and end of a crescendo/decrescendo?
Trouble reading sheet music
Is it possible to import an Ableton sample file .adv into the Launchpad app (by Ampify)?
Problem with a Digital Piano
How to "strum" by plucking in fingerstyle guitar
Figuring out the key signature of a piece of music I wrote
Piano questions from a former bass player: Is it better to think in note names or think in intervals?
Is it more proper to pull arm away from the fret to barre or use thumb to supply pressure to barre?
Where was the D clef used?
Notation in Vasks "Stimmen"
How to get the motivation to learn pieces you are likely never going to perform?
Accelerando in poly-tempo
Reading notes on ledger lines
Vocal strain Breath support (broadway belting)
What is the difference between Ensemble and Orchestra?
Three ways to harmonize a note with a triad?
Alligator crawl rhythm
Harmony or Melody First in Composition?
What are some of the tips for musicians starting out as teachers?
Why is contemporary music for the recorder so weird?
Can voice overlap occur in different phrases?
Is it normal that my bridge is this low the sides?
Do classical recording artists learn and record each piece separately and then compile an album later?
What is the fingering for this arpeggio?
What do two flats next to each other mean?
How should six-four chords be resolved?
Appoggiaturas not spelled out
What are the advantages and disadvantages of an all-fourths guitar tuning?
Where is the fragmentation?
Dm9 chord - the fifth and the seventh
Why is 12/8 used sometimes for songs in 4/4 in sheet music?
why is some sheet music written 1 octave lower?
Why do music directors use keyboard (or similar) instruments for composing music?
Is it possible to make Guitar tone sound like Harmonium?
Upper and lower frets buzzing on guitar?
Is the circle of fifths misnamed?
Did the ancient Hebrew modal music precede the ancient Greek modes?
How should I name the chord in the following progression? Dsus4/Bb? Bbmaj13?
conterpoint and melodic learning or other ways?
Low-level harmonic transcription practice
Fun with the Guitar for the Dyslexic
How can I increase the spacing between a fermata and the note in Lilypond?
Would my 12 string guitar break if i added pairs of strings instead of octaves and removed the last low-E string?
What music theory helps me to understand an Em - Cm progression?
Need help with figuring out how to play a weird part in the piece. The bass clef is weird
Is there any keyboard that has got Artificial Intelligence to play Chords based on the notes played on the right hand side?
Knowing the scale when learning piano piece
How to play a crochet (quarter note) rest in a minuet by Bach
Are the Piattino Sound Proofing Castor Cup really efficient and are there other equivalent solutions?
Why does this chord progression work?
Which scale to use to solo when capo’d
Is this video game piece physically playable?
How can I send an output to a PA from my combo practice amp?
How do I choose the right couple dance style for a song?
How to maximize my tone using a floating bridge
How to stop performing and just experience the music and play naturally, when playing live?
How to add lead guitar part to basic vocal/rhythm guitar song?
Practical audiation suggestions related with a specific song
Using the Circle of Fifths for Modal Music Key Changes: Is this oversimplifying?
How to compose a Shout Chorus
New guitar nut when changing to a lighter gauge?
How can I tune a saxophone or other transposing instrument using a piano?
Should I treat the piano like a percussion instrument?
Why is meter divided into simple and compound types?
Do fingers relatively remain the same when changing keys?
Lilypond - Custom Key Signature for Turkish folk music and microtonal accidentals
Community dedicated to music transcriptions
Writing a piano part for a 4.-part choir piece
What instruments are best paired with womens choirs?
How many tones are in a human voice at the same time?
Walking bass line/chord help
How To Connect Keyboard Using Aux Cable
How can you recognize whether a song is blues or jazz?
Staff with 15 lines
Piano improvisation: are you conscious of everything you’re doing?
How to play similar notes appeared simultaneously?
ABRSM: Piano performance diploma
Using right fingers for Classical Guitar Arrangements
Number appearing above two notes in tempo; how do I play/interpret this?
Publishing score
Why are there transposing instruments?
Music Arranging
Example of Classical Composer having two albums/works of two different periods
Fake book music. Why are there two lines of chords?
What are the four chords that so many pop songs are based on?
What does IV/IV signify in a chord progression?
How can I transcribe 'Fine and Mellow' by 'Jose James' on the piano?
What is the wall of sound on many early 60's pop records
Classification of/Formulas for reinterpretation of harmony
Offset Teeth Placement On Clarinet Mouthpiece
How to create harmonic dissonance/tension?
Why does Cm -> Am sound good?
Changeover from Garage Band to Logic Pro
Is the Roland TD-17 a drop-in replacement for TD-12?
The sudden switch from C major to C minor in Wake me up when September ends and a Solo Acoustic version
Between a guitar and a ukulele what should one consider when choosing a new instrument to learn?
Are women's voices one octave higher than men's voices?
How can I listen to specific keyboard presets online?
Why don't "classical" stringed instruments mark their note positions?
Unable to properly hear myself singing, but can hear well playing or singing others
Where to practice?
Considering getting in-ear monitors
Lilypond - Repeat with Partial Mesaure at the End
Passage has successive F minor and E minor chords. Is this atonal or chromatic?
Software to find similar samples
is this the key of Bb minor?
Should articulations on a tied note be placed on the first or last note?
What are ways to "decorate" a chord progression played on guitar?
Is there a term for when lyrics are integrated with words from a sampled beat?
Best noise-blocking earphones?
Musical Training to help with taking up Cello in the fall
How to play this passage precisely?
Should I buy a new guitar or fix my current one?
If I buy an "MP3", is that equivalent to getting a CD or is it lower quality?
Music programming question for feature extraction and visualization
Modal confusion
How Fast Can French Horn Play?
Aren't conductors like Valery Gergiev hard for orchestras to follow?
Transcribing Background Parts by Ear
Left hand bass muting when playing the first fret
How should I name my "music" folder containing sheet music/tabs/compositions/lessons?
How to insert tuplets in module tracker software
How to harmonize a melody without knowing the scale?
Can i start my first chord from E major or G major?
What is the Raga of Ninna Olumeyinda Nikhila janaru bandu
Practicing guitar in a small space
Chord Succession vs. Chord Progression in Douglass Green's "Form in Tonal Music"
Is there an easier way to notate this excerpt in LilyPond?
Visualising a minor, harmonic Scales on the piano
How to notate piano cross-staff glissando with pedal line?
how are non-swung notes notated in a swing piece?
How to bring Ample guitar onto FL studio piano roll?
how to learn to play lead parts like this?
How do I find people to jam with in my city?
How to write 2 crotchet (quarter note) triplets when they don't start on the down beat?
How can I differentiate between the written indications for Hammer-on And Pull-off
What is this percussion instrument?
How do I know what each hand should play when I only have chord names
Lilypond spacing between lyrics and next system
Can anyone help with the use of a "Non Chord tone" in Arctic Monkeys' "R U Mine?"
*Quarter Note* = invisible?
Cello double stops fingered thirds?
How should I approach 'Blues in all keys' by Jamey Aebersold on the piano?
Can't tune violin with GDAE
What exactly is a compound radius fretboard?
What is the proper place of the Czerny and Hanon exercises in the Piano repertoire?
What are "horn 5ths"?
Is the "down beat" quaver note in a swing piece the same length as a crotchet triplet?
Any Tips to Master Fingering with Piano Chords?
Why are clefs associated with reference notes G, F and C?
Are chord symbols just a guide for players?
What is the correct way to divide notes?
Beautiful quote about "B durum"
Hanon Exercise 1 - proceed chromatically?
diminished chord in degree
How to treat medial epicondilytis and how long does it take to heal?
How can I prevent my fretting fingers from distancing to much from the fret board when playing quickly?
What are some viable fingerings for the chromatic run in Fur Elise?
Rage Over A Lost Penny: Getting better at left hand section
Meaning of "Uptempo" music vs "upbeat" music (and their opposites)
Advice for a classical guitaris and Jazz bassist
How do I use an audio interface to record music on my PC?
Does this look bad? Is is incorrect?
Do woodwind reeds (Sax, clarinet, etc) need break in to play better?
Why doesn't my synthesized note sound natural?
What do actual vocal ranges look like?
Need suggestions for songs which use the Dorian mode
Why are some 4/4 songs notated in cut time
How to cross staff slurs in lilypond?
Is a Major Interval the same as a Pure Interval?
In guitar, the best way to learn all scales (modes of natural, harmonic, melodic scales,etc) in every key is...?
Subconscious Plagiarization in Music Production
I'm 17 and I still sound like a 12 year old; will my voice ever change?
Youtube channels like one of Paul Davis or Adam Neely but with focus on violin
Key used by clarinet
Any studies on ear training, or musicality out there
Is it possible to multichannel a single channel amp using MultiFX boards?
Gibson skylark amp hum/buzz
Is there any app for recognizing classical music?
Why is the third triad dominant?
How do I make melodies out of these chord progressions?
What's the regular strumming pattern of a song called?
Trumpet Peculiar Frequency spectrum
Do 16 hole chromatic harmonicas exist in the key of F?
Piano playing matching pitch of spoken voice - is there a name for this?
How does he connect the piano accompaniment with the vocal melodies on top?
What is the simplest way to eliminate melody of a specific instrument and to keep rest of a song?
How do you actually learn how to compose music?
Are the vocal melodies on the first staff part of the same chord progressions as the piano accompaniment on the bottom?
Using a looper with the 4-cable-method (4CM)
How do I record my drums onto computer with roland td1kv?
Is there a specific term to denote playing a wide chord on a piano?
If there's already a melody on the bottom two staff, then how can I make vocal melodies on the upper top staff?
Time signature of Goldberg Variation 8
Is vocal pitch trained or natural?
How can I improve my picking accuracy when I'm standing and can't see my guitar strings?
I read an effects chain in a video, can someone explain what it means?
Final chord of Duruflé Requiem
What is the connection between a key and chords outside of it
How to figure out which key a song is written in when you know the key signature?
Why did Mozart only write two symphonies in a minor key?
How can I find a decent synth teacher in London
Labeling Broken vs Block Chords
Villa-Lobos étude diamond shaped note
Lilypond: paper spacing variables not being respected for a score inside markup
Terminology: Notation of time in 'measures, beats, and ticks'
Can songs in a major key be sad?
Hamilton, in Hamilton's lifetime?
Have the technical skill still cant create interesting solo
To what extent can you 'sculpt' your vocal sound?
Why is a major third considered more consonant than a perfect fourth?
Guitar Bone Picks
Is there any standard format for MIDI drum lines?
When is diatonic transposition useful?
Why are some songs notated with bpm in minims instead of crotchets?
What are the most common root motions rather than the dominant resolution?
Live performance of Aerosmith's Mama Kin with the introduction solo
How to find the loudest part of a mix?
How do I add a solo section (chord progression) to Real Book lead sheet?
Chord progressions and rules
This is regarding a song from Indian music
I was wondering about theory when it comes the rhythm and contour of melody lines
Crate amp-pedal question
What books can I read to learn how to compose music?
At which pitch does classical soprano start to sing in head voice?
Is it possible to accomplish a Shepard tone effect with arpeggios instead of scales?
Why are all songs structured the same way?
Note combination doesn’t sound right on digital piano
Two modes simultaneously?
Wrist pain in advanced pianists
How long does a repetitive strain injury take to go away?
How to improve my guitar tone?
Slash chords and notation for A/C (according to Haunschild Book)
Dominant 7th chord on the 4th degree of the minor scale?
Recognizing intervals without interval songs?
Unknown Musical Symbol: Straight Dotted Line Between Eighth Note Stems
Question about the key of Bob Marley's "Three Little Birds"
(How) can I recover lost whistle register? [Male]
Accelerando/Ritardando duration?
are 2 enharmonic notes really the same note?
Auditioning for Orchestra
Fingering of cello double stops
Large diaphragm condenser mic without pop filter
Difficulties to compose since I've stopped taking piano classes
F Dm Am C (Lydian?) Progression
How long does it take to insert / remove string mute?
Tips for creating a dynamic guitar tone?
Terminology: Staff, System
Learning intervals - the fear it will change how I hear music
difference in wattage descriptions
Pinky snapping into a "depressed" position
What makes us recognize the composer of a song?
F barre chord on an SG guitar
Are there many alternatives of chord sequence given a progression?
How do I insert bar lines in mensural style in LilyPond?
What are the newest innovations in generative theories of music?
Where do I get answers to my musical "Why" questions, i.e. are there any "Why" books out there?
Single composer sheet music book -- name on each piece?
Can "regular" drummers play Death Metal?
How to tune a violin in a proper way?
Are bass clarinet and tenor sax notations played an octave lower?
'A Minor' songs suitable for a beginner that include lead and rhytmn parts
FL Studio 12 automation chain
Is it really mandatory to practise sight reading at the piano?
What is tonality when you're not playing with a diatonic scale?
Can a pitch be perceived outside the range where it can be heard?
Causes of the problems with hearing the singers over an orchestra
What are the notes in this chord?
Reaching Low 1 on Violin
Meaning of a symbol in an orchestral score
Counting duplets
Why does my key want to modulate?
Are there similarities between musical temperament and colorimetry?
What does °7 and x6 mean in the context of intervals?
Interval song for a Perfect 4th where the note ascended to is not the tonic?
Stage monitoring for drums - in ear and speakers combined
Should I prefer Saxophone or Trumpet?
How can I sing in mixed voice?
What three most effective methods to learn the basic concepts of music theory without learning musical notation?
Which spots of a melody are the best places to breathe during harmonica playing?
Name for ensemble of the same instrument
vibrato on classical guitar is more of a "side to side" motion?
Removing a note from a chord
Holding a violin against the hips?
Can I play the cello without pronation of the bow hand?
Why do Guitar chords work the way they do compared to a Piano?
How can i soundproof my room for music making ?
Which fingers to use for which notes
How to make 9th chords (and beyond) easier on ukulele?
How should this "fraction" chord be played on a piano?
Musical systems with more than 12 notes
Should I replace rusty tuner pegs on guitar?
What is this instrument?
What are these non-chord tones in the Jackson Five's "Want you Back"?
I'm stuck in diatonic land. How do I get out?
Can I "dive headfirst" into reading sheet music?
How to record guitar and voice in laptop?
Can I use a thicker 6th string with other thinner strings
Is this pattern between Primary and Secondary chord notes important?
Sforzando but fortissimo, how to fix that?
Guitar - fingering for playing multiple consecutive notes on a string cleanly
Relationship between modes and keys
Setup a budget home studio
Second Menuet in French suite 2 of bach for Piano
Equalize on Mixer vs equalize on Instrument
Why does only jazz emphasize improvisation and theory?
What is Vincent Persichetti saying about finding primary chords in the modes?
Listing key signatures
Why did classical musicians not name their pieces?
temperament - its effect on a key
What does Pierre Boulez mean by "sul ponticello"?
Explaining DADA to EGBG (and in the other direction) in theoretical terms
What is Poly-valency?
Do I need to learn to read music in order to be a songwriter?
Is it possible to make/buy a gramophone for 33 1/3 LPs?
Do classical pieces sound different today than the originals due to temperament?
How if I don't want the note of a particular chord to be played, and how should I write the notation for it?
What is the real meaning of "dominant" in music?
"Break" vs "Breakdown" meaning (EDM)
Does every phrase in music end with a cadence?
Determining if string instruments can play more than one note at a time
Stompbox / pedal effect that controls pan / blend
Uncertain Meaning of Musical Symbol
What if musical piece not ended with tonic chord?
Piano Tuning: How accurate is ±0.5 cents?
Meaning of 'Section Work'?
Should I avoid using my index finger on non-barre chords?
How to get a better altissimo tone?
Does a cadence cover all "punctuation marks" in a musical phrase?
What are the characteristics of calliope/circus music?
Tension due to Chords of major scale
Weak headphone volume during playback through Mbox 2 interface
Guitar sounds distorted only when tone knob is turned on
Modern ways of achieving the "locked final groove" effect
Woodwind v brass instruments - what is the defining characteristic?
Understanding signal-flow of Neutrik NYS-SPP-L1 Patch-Panel
Problems with left hand chords on the keyboard
Getting back to music. How to play live?
Squealing when muting with my left hand
Is Oom-pah and Boom-Chick the same thing?
Tense and painful to pop 5th finger, why?
Diminished key?
Oboe and wide interval playing
Can I become a good guitarist by just playing other's arrangements?
What does R=2N mean?
Circle in classical guitar music
Understanding key signature in garage band
When did the popular music overtake classical music in terms of influence/significance?
How many fret markers should there be on a guitar?
What's the best technique to sight read fast big band scores?
How did popular music influence classical music?
Is there a guitar chord lower than E minor in standard tuning?
Sight reading process for this instance
Did Courtney Hadwin sing in a way that is unhealthy for her voice?
What are power chords?
What kind of Envelope has the Roland TR-03 and what does the Parameter do?
Why is the speedfader for turntables called pitchfader?
Are the terms tuning and pitch the same?
what, if anything, needs to be done to maintain a guitar when done playing
How would you make this soft strings sound using another synthesizer?
Can a time signature of a song be changed to a different time signature?
Important composers in transitional eras
How to write in counterpoint for a sonata?
Is there any compendium mapping chord progressions to mood and sentiments?
Sources of musical tension
Finding scale from notes
Help with scales - want to become a professional pianist and sight reader
Two types of bends on the guitar
Saxophone and Dentures
Audacity Waveform Limiting Amplitude
Break from conventionality in Mahler Symphony no. 1
Key signature required when it makes no practical difference?
How do I reduce the volume of the metronome on a Yamaha E423 keyboard?
Fret leveling, where to begin?
Tuning resonnator in open g
Time signature change?
Roman Numeral Analysis of Tension-Heavy Jazz
How to find to the right strings of a barre chord by feel?
How do I turn a regular instrument into electric (with aux port, etc)
What do the R, 3m, and 5 mean in the Am chord?
How do you write triplets into muse score?
Garage Band automatically decrease down the volume in MIDI tracks
What voice to use when speaking?
The Method of Arm weight in Playing the Piano
Chord Sequence of "Learn to Fly" by the Foo Fighters
Why don't tuning forks produce overtones?
Is the diminished chord of the minor scale not used as much as the others?
Can I play other digital sounds (e.g. flute, trumpet) off a digital piano? How?
How do East Asian instruments (Shamisen, pipa, etc.) get their unique sound?
La campanella: How to play the D sharp and G (left hand)
Should I mention the reason why I stopped performing piano for 10 years?
Does any set of notes qualify as a chord?
Has anyone else composed for the Mahler Hammer?
Its more difficult to play tremolo on a single string
How to hear the root note of a chord?
Is the V chord still dominant if it is a major 7 chord?
Weird 16th notes (I think) in score, not sure how to count them / not sure of their value
Carpal Tunnel Syndrome? Tendonitis?
Improvise with delay to a non-metronome played piece
I still don't understand the explanation about How does one play music when both hands are to play the same notes?]
transposing an open Bm chord with the capo on the 5th fret
What is the name of this instrument?
Does Bill Conti's Thomas Crown Affair theme use a specific mode?
Why is alberti bass so tiring?
What songs start on a minor second chord?
How can you lower the speed of voice vibrato?
How to perform these ornaments?
What is the difference between a Low-pass filter and a Cut-off filter
Where Xenakis used intersection?
Recording digital piano sound
F♭ major - a hypothetical question, perhaps!
Is Learning Guitar and Ukulele side by side a good idea?
Legato and staccato in Mozart?
Why do some trombone players put their index finger over the mouthpiece while playing?
What is the difference between legato and portamento?
Piano finger numbers for the attached measure
E-drumkit recommendation for using with drum VST
Is there a typo in this exercise, or am I not counting correctly?
What is the musical form of Saint-Saens Danse Macabre?
Putting (almost any) pressure on guitar neck warps sound
theory - D major in F major chord progression?
How can I determine odd time signature when listening to music?
Octaver + Phaser in Boss ME-70?
Help me understand the chord progression I just wrote?
In which music should I add my own embellishments?
Question about tribute band 'etiquette'
In the baroque period, did soloists play all the way through concertos?
A Dominant 7 in F major?
Is my guitar neck too thick for me?
What is the difference between slide and a tie in the Roland TB-03?
What equipment and setup do I need to be able to hear both my vocals and guitar through headphones while playing?
Textbook vs real world explanation of loudness perception
LilyJazz major 7 triangle symbol
Easy way to beat latency with MIDI recordings
multi v-drum modules, one setup
Converting Vocal Line into Guitar - Speed, Dynamics
Bass Guitar Metallic Ringing / Resonance?
Are eye disorders more common in wind instrument players?
Can Someone Walk Me Through How to Playback Midi files from 3.5 disk on Casio Celviano AL-100 R
Octave in a triplet? How would I do that?
Can use a B7chord voicing in the key of Bm?
Reharmonization of pop songs, chord substitution
What exercise is this (guitar)?
How much is nut-width and neck-width a worry for finger-style playing?
Ableton Live 10 w/ Push 2: Play notes while a clip is looping during global recording
What notes in these mordents?
I'm learning music theory, but none of the songs I'm trying it on are playing by the rules
What happens if I continue playing the guitar despite tingling finger tips?
What's the name of this rhythm technique at piano?
Is it better to get a certificate from a graded music exam system if I want to apply for music graduate schools in USA?
Display guitar or boxed one?
Turning lyrics into melody
Function Band Guitarist
What is the best way to become first chair?
Terms for 4, 8 and 16 bar sections?
How to C#dim7 & half-diminished chord
Semitones in tremolo harmonica
Perfect, Absolute, Relative Pitch
Terminology - note or tone?
guitar keys, capos and the effects on playing bass
Practice and performance
What Adds "Cream" to a Guitar Tone?
Best practise for setting up a home studio
How do you play this section from “La Campanella”?
How do you read standard notation on guitar if it isn't standard tuning?
How do I learn which guitar strings/frets correspond to which notes
How can I tell if I have good relative pitch or if I am just familiar with scales
XLR Powered also an XLR output?
Other than the Maj7, what other chords can create others by altering only one note?
Practising multiple pieces
Chords with both major and minor sevenths
Could I use "normal" headphones with an electronic drum?
Stronger piano fingers
Learning Songs on Guitar
What's the theory behind Chim Chim Cher-ee?
Effect of audio drivers on mixing
How to play these ornaments
Comping on a static chord
How to use chords and chord websites?
Stretching and relaxing exercises before playing piano
How do I understand chords without reading music?
Guitar is not tuning right
I wanna be a singer
Is there a name for talking-in-tune singing?
Why are songs in Mixolydian mode notated in major mode?
How to describe occasional non-swing eighth notes using swing notation?
How to change bpm of midi file?
Odd chord progression sounds perfect to my ears
D7 piano left hand fingering
Left/right hand coordination on guitar, fretting wrong strings, while playing melodies
Circled numbers on guitar sheet
Quick question about fingering chords
Can Regular Ukulele Tab be Used for a Baritone Uke?
Audio Interface and USB Mic
Acoustic guitar buzzing. Me or the guitar?
How to denote a note that should only be played during first repeat without voltas?
Program or app to practice "Copy-Playing"
Loudness of A Contrabass
What is the use of the minor V chord in this song?
The major to minor/minor to major switch
Frequencies that interfere with human speech
Practicing triads/sevenths or both?
Motifs in melody writing
More about unusual Thirds
Thinking of next chords messes me up
Can you make your own guitar capo with things around the house?
Tips for beginner guitarists and bass player to practice together?
What type of cable does a hi-hat pedal use in Roland electronic drum kits?
How to notate a diminished run in G♯ minor?
Complete beginner at electric guitar with pain on fretting hand's wrist
Guitar bassline and melody independence
How can I make sure my mix is not "bricked" before sending it to be professionally mastered?
How to count dotted eighth without subdividing the counting
Method to develop a key change?
When to use sub-brackets for similar instruments within a section?
Spitty Tone On Clarinet From Tonguing
Chopin piano piece title "doubtful"?
GuitarPro: Change to Eb, but keep notation in E
Finding chords that sound the same as a melody
Time signature problems in Debussy's "Clair de lune"
I can't find a comfortable place to sing when playing guitar
How to approach piano chords that require you to press high in the keys
Ear training for 12 bar blues chord changes
Who composed "And the Waltz Goes On"?
What are the baton movements for different time signatures?
Does a phylogeny of Afro-cuban rhythms exist?
Should I bother to learn the correct fingering or transpositions by default when playing a second instrument?
How does one teach a subjective art form like music composition in an objective manner?
Playing my guitar melody on other instruments digitally?
What is the high violin note in Scheherezade?
What’s that U shaped metal thing needed for tuning called?
GuitarPro: How to mass remove a certain percussion instrument using MusicXML
Home recorded mic signal seems a bit weak
Ableton Live: How to control a parameter using the amplitude of another track?
Getting fingers to land in the same place
Trouble writing chord progressions in minor
Able to play the right hand Presto on the first try?
Hero harmonica, 16 holes double reed, what type is it?
What makes a guitar easier to play for people with small hands?
Can't seem to figure out the key of a chord progression?
Why is sheet music for guitar different from piano
How do I get higher recording quality for my Nord Piano 3?
Parallel fifths and power chords
Piano action too stiff after tuning, what's happened?
How do I write this rhythm correctly?
Is Cmaj7 in the C major scale different than the Cmaj7 in the C Dorian scale?
New to guitar and want to learn jazz
Is my fingering correct for F major to G major chord change?
Does the harmony change in this part?
If I just change the lyrics and flow (very slightly) of a song is it called a cover or a remix?
Which chords belong to a mode?
What are the interval patterns for the modes?
How to discern the key/tonic when they are key changes in song
passagio relative to tessitura
What do we call a chord progression that doesn't have a tonic chord?
Is there a term for songs that have a “surprise change” in their rhythm?
How do I start learning digital orchestration?
What makes a piece sound like Beethoven?
Inversions of chords in closed/open positions
"Re-Learning" Theory and Technique [piano]
Help with repetitive style measure of Tokyo Ghoul's "Unravel"
I want to learn to play an electric guitar, how do I start?
How can a metronome with a bell help with my practice?
Are there any alternatives for the resolution of the leading tone rather than to the tonic?
How to interpret trills in renaissance music?
What is the smallest difference in note lengths that an average listener can still perceive?
Being limited to the natural minor/major, relative minor/major and parallel key
fingers bending when playing the piano, what to do?
What are these pieces teaching actually?
What exactly is block harmony?
How to interpret the '3' notation underneath the first two quavers?
Why do guys record output from po-33 to tascam dr 05 and not to the computer
How to find counter rhythms for vocal melodies over dominant rhythms?
Is the metronome the closest thing to a mechanical drum?
Any tips on how to get nord piano 3 to sound better?
How do train yourself to transcribe in real time?
Chopin Polonaise in Ab major, op 53 change in key
What are the uses of inverted chords?
How can I make a clean overdrive effect?
Stringing an acoustic for down-tuning
what strings should i get for my semi-acoustic guitar?
Best way to learn piano sheet music?
Why did it take so long for keys with several accidentals to become common?
Describe a chord shape?
Do I need to memorize my exam pieces if I don't plan on sitting the exam?
Better learn to sing high notes with or without singing a song?
Thinking about buying a grand piano
MusES musical representation system -- questions on the "algebra of pitch-classes" and some conventions
Are there situations where a time signature is unknown?
Is my strategy a good strategy?
3-4-3-4 fingering in BMV994
How can you musically notate a certain type of vocal performance?
Pentatonic Scale and Chord Qualities
What do I need to do if I can't replace a broken guitar string
What does this number and line mean under these violin notes?
How are chords named?
Good nylon accoustic guitar pieces to learn
2 editions of Schirmer K 545, why the difference?
harmony tricks in cool rock chorus
Why don't violins have geared tuners?
Are Cello straps and stops necessary to rent for beginner?
Psychological barriers in vocals
V-I harmony question
I'm having trouble memorizing
Earphones while practicing
Is interval always related to a scale?
Accidently touching adjacent string while playing guitar
Unifying/Formalizing the ideas of cross-rhythm, polyrhythm and hypermeter
Movable Do vs Fixed Do
Mic Into Guitar Amp
How to use Jim Fleser's chord wheel for minor progressions?
Is there a visual arts analogue of music theory?
How much time should I spend learning a song on piano?
Solo Cello Composition: Double Stops Question
How do I sustain long draw notes on a Harmonica?
Should my metronome be stored wound or unwound?
Are pieces for orchestra written mainly by pianists and keyboard players?
Understanding chord prolongations
What is the difference between a 14" Viola and a 4/4 Violin?
Meaning of dots below note heads
How does one identify leitmotifs in Wagner's Ring cycle?
Repeated legato notes too quiet in Sibelius using EastWest Hollywood Orchestra libraries
