Crosscut- "Spit the Fire" Intro. Is this taken from a movie?
Meaning of BRMC's song's title (0.0770833333333333)
When was blues first called "the Devil's music"?
What percentage of rock guitarists didn't take lessons?
Progressive Rock song, c.2002, "girl with brown hair" "standing there in my dream"
The lyrics of dazz band's Open Sesame
What is the composition from the note sheet used as background graphic for DoTA 2 music pack icons?
What is the origin of the synth sample in the start of both [Dark PHOENiX] Deaf to all but the Song and DBZ Ultimate Tenkaichi - Courage
Second vocalist on John Lee Hooker's "Guitar Lovin' Man"
Looking for music video featuring ufo
What genre are groups like Chevelle, Helmet, Tool
Why the change to "Let us live to make men free?"
Does "Gangnam Style" contain any non-Korean words?
What Ed Sheeran's concert is this?
The lyrics of dazz band's Swoop
How often are label recordings off-note: sped up or slowed down?
What defines the aesthetic of current American Top 40 Pop
How are movie soundtacks so synchronized with the scenes from the movie?
Solo piano instrumental fragment from "Wong Fu" YouTube video
What did Chopin think of the saxophone?
Lyrics of Counting Stars
Female vocal motivating songs
which thing describe the song more than melody?
Which is the song on this cello tune video (《往事》)?
Tie between Warning and American idiot?
Lyrics for Serge Franklin / Karen Tungay - Sous les Bougainvilliers
Are some vinyl players more forgiving to skips and crackles than others?
Identifying Eric Church Song
How do you start listening to songs?
Music video with dancing woman who lights up everything she touches
Funk instrumental with brass, bass, guitar and drums
Translate a hook from Biggie`s Respect
Simon and Garfunkel - Song with Random Words
Is "mother mary" from the beatles let it be mean marijuana?
Instrumental with descending bassline loop, gypsy violins and bell sound
Is black metal without cult of evil esthetics still black metal
Song with same backing track as Daft Punk's "Something About Us"
Has technology improvement caused film music to change?
Meaning of "The Vatican Rag"?
Mystery album by Woody Shaw: "Live in Basel"
Is Christina's high note on "Fighter" real?
Nofx's song "Linoleum" - what's the meaning of this song?
What is the track/album/concert name or lyrics of this song from Alim Qasimov?
Has the band Crossfade retired?
Identify Armenian romantic song by video?
Linear turntables - more damaging than a standard turntable?
computing one's Erdös-Bacon-Sabbath number
Arrested Development: Static on 3 Years, 5 Months & 2 Days in the Life Of
Why do musicians play on carpets?
Clean version of post malone -White iversion
Songs where melody and lyrics dont't fit (by design)
Does aging affect our taste in music?
Why are most lyrics translations so bad?
Which school is the one that Claude Debussy studied in?
Gianni Morandi - C'era un ragazzo
Looking for Tricky music video
Did Wagner consider burning down an opera house?
"Holding out for a hero" - is this song about sex?
Rap Subgenre - "X Gon' Give it to Ya"
How can the blues be linked to hip hop / rap music?
Which modern songs/melodies use the "Devil's interval" augmented 4th, discounting the use of tritone substitution in jazz?
Who stol' the 'lac?
Symphonic poem based on river Oder
Explanation of R.E.M.'s "It's the End of the World" video
Identify soundtrack from "Tales from the Consoles Episode 01 | Sonic.exe"
I need help identifying the song in this clip
Genre identification: "Honor for All" by Jon Licht and Daniel Licht
1978 disco song with lyrics "Keep on, keep on, keep on dancing"
Top 40/club Song identification by chorus with lyrics "If I were you, I would wish I were me too"
Song with different voices merging
Source of this "Simple Gifts" recording?
Song called "Rain" that starts with sound of thunder, from 90's "Sentimental Hits" compilation
Who or what is the mother of pearl?
What kind of jazz (subgenre) does jazz24.org play?
What Genre is the music from "Monster in Paris"
What is the name of Opus No. 8 by Nikolay Ladukhin?
What're the missing two words in the lyrics for "Die Young" by Ke$ha
Gaelic singer who did a demo video for Windows XP media edition
Vangelis music for a British Gas advert
Songs like Preludes, Book I, L117
English language hip hop song used in Polish body-builder's posing video
Can you please tell me what's the name of this classic melody that is been played in the background?
What genre is Zac Brown Band's Mango Tree
Identify soundtrack of a french Freedent commercial
Uptempo electronic song with synthetic hand claps and wordless male vocal sample
What makes a song an anthem?
What's the guitar Luke Pritchard uses in this video?
Turntable spins faster after moving to a new country with different power spec
What is Mumford & Sons' song "Holland Road" about?
Looking for the title of an electro/indie song: "We can't be friends"
how a musician feels inspired by music of a different genre?
How do you sort your CDs?
Jazz style with examples?
Solo jazz piano instrumental, in background of multiple YouTube videos
Are there any restrictions for guitar colors?
Identify the rock soundtrack on this Runscape video?
Why Blue Neighbourhood trilogy is called Blue Neighbourhood?
Identify the genre of this Borderlands soundtrack?
Lost Boyz lyrics from "Guiltiness" remix (Bob Marley - Chant Down Bablyon remix album)
Why 3000 in artist's name?
Song used near the end of "KSFREAK RASTET AUS | Bescheuerte Snaps" video
Why are vinyl records sometimes off pitch?
Identify the song featuring in Apple's WWDC 2015 intro video?
Is any technology used to enhance the sound of the backup vocals in Twisted Measure's version of Sia's "Chandelier"?
Song at 35:00 in Understanding Sun Tzu's Book 'The Art of War'- Full Documentary
What is the title of the album in which the narrative is of a metal band accidentally becoming a punk band?
Books Recommendation: 20th Century Music
Vocal sample in Andy C & Shimon's Drum and Bass classic 'Body Rock' (2001) & Incubus' 11 am (2001)
What's the title/artist of that funky song?
Meaning of "Red Flags" and "Bites the Dust" in Sia's song, Elastic Heart?
Divinyls-like female singer dance song
What is the genre of music called with instrumental and vocals that are not "human"
Where are these three songs from?
What is this chant?
Does this music from Assassin's Creed align with Renaissance music techniques?
VH1 animated video with ghosts, a little girl and a big wave
How do albums affect chart ranking of singles?
Does this sound similar to Beethoven's compositions?
Recent psychedelic alt-rock song with "wall of sound" type production
Which Taylor Swift songs are about her exes?
Was Freddie Mercury's voice range over 4 octaves?
Cat Stevens Numbers Cartoon?
What is the genre of "Kiss me (IMSA remix)"?
What song from Wu-Tang is this?
1950s slow song
How to name the typical oriental/greek melody?
Avril Lavigne, Michelle Branch, and ____ (who was the 3rd similar singer from that time period?)
Did Glen Gould record the full Liszt transcription of Beethoven's 7th symphony?
Da na, da na, (da na?) da na dee (followed by 8 (?) cowbell (?) clanks)
Best brands of blank media types for storage?
What digital medium should I choose when buying music to maximize artists' profits?
Japanese Folk Song "Sunayama"
Why do famous musicians do drugs?
A unknown disconsolate classical piano piece
What makes a band last long?
What piano piece is this?
Arabic Song from "Zaki Chan"
"Ex's and Oh's" by Elle King- What is "Oh's"?
Album cover with hand holding ice
What genre is Preserved Valkyria
What is the opus number of Charles Koechlin's Monody for English horn?
Did "On the Media" misidentify this background music?
Who are present great composers of a classical tune like Mozart, Bach, and Beethoven?
Modern pop song with male voices singing chords
Long obnoxious acapella "instrumental"
Gravel-voiced female singer "when I clap my hands you'll come to me"?
Equilibrium - Waldschrein. I am sure this is cover of some very famous melody but what is the original?
String instrument on "Once Upon a Time" ("To The Moon" soundtrack)
Clip from orchestral classical instrumental
Why is it that Garth Brooks's music isn't available to stream?
In what music genre is The Coconut Song?
Northern Soul(?) track very similar to intro of "Holy City" by Joan As Police Woman
Was the release of Prince's Black Album in November 1994 done against his wishes?
Why do [usually] musicians have long hair?
What are the orange bars on Amazon Music track lists?
Online source with classical music concerts to come
Need help identifying music from Soviet propoganda pieces (pre-1950s)
What is the english translation of dialogs spoken over this song?
Cover song royalties
'Woo' sound Pitbull makes in (almost) every song
Name of the artist/band of the death metal song in Nick & Norah's infinite playlist
How are band names protected?
Does anybody recognize this Beatles poster?
I was only 19 + Green and Gold Malaria
Since when/Why is the girl from ipanema the go to elevator music?
Houndmouth's influences
Stadium House genre (similar to the KLF)
What exactly is 'epic music'?
What is the Sweelinck fantasia played by Glenn Gould?
What genre is 'Goodnight Julia' from Cowboy Bebop?
Square root for "united" in Pearl Jam "REARVIEWMIRROR" album art?
Who sings this cover version of The Police's "Every Breath You Take"?
Identify this piece by Fauré that starts on a D♭?
Need lyrics for "eats his [something] with a knife"
Looking for a "buzz ballad" song where children creates shapes on the sidewalk below?
Why did electronic music become popular recently? (America)
What is P.S I love you based off of?
I would like to get some fresh epic music
Deuce - The One, homophobic?
Which flute is played in "Trust in me" (jungle book OST)
how to replace the inner springs of a cardboard sleeve CD case?
Who designed and approved the easily broken jewel case hinge?
Secret message in "Secret messages"?
Which part of the Magic Flute is this music from?
Squeaking of guitar strings
What is this instrument used in Japanese songs?
Does the written music exist?
What are the two hornpipes in "Two Hornpipes" from the Pirates of the Caribbean
How get notified for new songs release
Looking for a singer, but I know the song name
Why do techno artists add noise to recordings?
Steve Vai logo meaning
Sponge Cake in "True Blue" by John Williamson
Band or artist that has more songs appear on movie soundtrack
Anyone know where I can find a list of the top 100 or so music hits in SPANISH from each year starting at the 50s or 60?
Soul/funk song sampled by Provy Tha Boss in "Welcome Back to the 80's"
Flute melody from classical symphony
Why do some artist have "live" listed with their name in concert line-ups?
Cover art of Karma to Burn's Almost Heathen
Jean Michel Jarre songs with lyrics
Pieces Similar to the "Infernal Dance" Sequence from Igor Stravinsky's "Firebird Suite"
Which country's culture is represented in "Gladiator" by Dami Im?
What band's logo is this picture a reference to?
Are all ORIGINAL VERSION classical sheet music in the public domain?
What's with dinosaurs in Vietnam?
What do any yes lyrics means?
Why do most recordings of "Land of Hope and Glory" not include the stanzas?
Tchaikovsky piece
Song with lyrics "remember when that crab came up and nipped your feet"
Why are backing vocalists almost always older than the leads?
Who's the composer of "Wanted"?
Identify this origin of this violin sample
Name the sample on the track "Four Ethers" by serpentwithfeet
What genre is the Terraria Soundtrack?
The number of victims in the song Empire of the Clouds from Iron Maiden
Recognizing a subtype of Drum n' Bass
What genre is 'Fetty Wap'?
Who are the dignitaries representing in the DJ Shadow / Run the Jewels 'Nobody Speak' video
What is the title of this trap song?
What instrument plays intro theme of The Swan Lake, Op. 20?
Who, from the likes of Orange Juice and Scritti Politti, does a song about Barbie and Ken?
id3tags v2.4 and advanced schema for music metadata (v.2)
Is Sweelinck's Toccata primi toni, SwWV 286 one of the first baroque pieces?
Apocalyptica - Requiem For A Dream. Has it ever be recorded?
Who is the woman speaking on the Orchids' "Living Ken and Barbie"?
Does it follow industry practice to use the term "mix" to refer to a different version of a song?
What's the meaning of the snippet of dialogue at the beginning of "All the Pretty Girls?"
Genre of song where instruments are replaced by vocals
Name of New Age album from the 90's
How did Gilbert and Sullivan protect their operas from pirates?
Suggest some peaceful songs similar to the ones below
I'm searching for similar music
Piano arrangement identification from one measure of sheet music
What movie or book the "Безумие" song was based on? (writer M.Pushkina, for Kipelov rock-band)
What game music is this?
What is the name of this classical music piece
Is there really a rapper named Prix-Mo?
Are there any records of Woody Guthrie's FBI verses to "Acres of Clams"?
Why is the seventh verse often sung in place of the fourth in "Amazing Grace"?
Lyric of Final Fantasy XV - Apocalypsis Noctis
Rap music video filmed from side of a car
Song from "pops" style medley based around Scott Joplin's "Entertainer"
Russian folk song sung in the movie Russkies?
Indentify the soundtrack in The Apprentice S01E05?
Can someone kindly identify this classical guitar piece?
Instrumental music meanings
Music similar to "Please love me once more" (Akira Yamaoka)?
Has Justin Bieber written the 'melody' of any of his songs?
Where does the 5th line in Wild Mountan Thyme go?
What's the correct way to read publishing credits for an album?
Having difficulty understanding the genere of Trap House
What song plays in the background during this Russillo & Kanell sports broadcast?
"Gypsy Fever Passion" - Gitana Linda
Music Video of Band playing at the beach
Video with a girl getting hit by car and everything starts to run backwards
Who composed and performed the soundtrack to the game Lords of Thunder
Meaning of the line "reds and the pinks" in Love Stinks
Who was there before The Doors?
Meaning of "Blowing in the Wind"?
What is meant by "Run me like a river"?
Need some exciting, semi-dark intro music for a game
Original Taylor Swift song Bad Blood
What does "you're every song" mean?
Which music platforms are commonly used in China to listen or/and buy Chinese songs?
What's this 90s pop song with a children's choir?
Engima's "The Child In Us" Similarities within And One's "My Warrior"
Piano piece from Jay Chou movie
What is the sound from the drops of these songs?
What is the difference between R&B and Hip Hop, and what are some (most famous) examples of these and areas of overlap?
Akon: name of cities of origin and languages spoken at home by his parents
Does anyone recognize part of all of this baroque-style piece?
What does a music producer do at a concert?
Trying to learn more about the singer Gin Gillette
Wait in line meaning
How should I store The Raveonettes' Pe'ahi limited edition vinyl with gel-filled sleeve?
Does Chan Marshall's stage name "Cat Power" have a specific meaning?
Help identifying this orchestral work
A piece of music that is almost identical to another is called?
Do anyone know a Marathi/Hindi song praising Ravana in India?
Identify electronic music video of rotating planetary surface in silhouette
Do Irish bands/music fans have a special thing for Kraftwerk?
Why was "Video Killed the Radio Star" picked as the first song on MTV?
What is the Blink 182 song the chainsmokers beat to death in Tuscon?
Song from The Naked Gun?
A (chinese or japanese) song, in which teenagers roller-skate in a city either in China or Japan?
Doo wop era song with lyric "I never shall forget the day we first met, that was my greatest regret"
Music similar to american woman
Tour not supporting a new album
"False Consonances of Melancholy" album title
Rap, R&B, Rock, and Pop (mixed together in a song)
Name of dancing gorillas video song
Adventure Of A Lifetime — is this an animated video clip?
Sam Sparro - Black and Gold
Where can I find the original, drunken version of Screaming Jay Hawkins' I Put a Spell On You online?
Hip hop instrumental track used on "Freerunning Bangkok's Ghost Tower" video
"A New World Record" (ELO) - a pun?
What is the genre of this music I've created with FruityLoops?
Name of song "No water in the dry dry well"
Can anybody identify these 3 songs?
Late 2000's rock song possibly called "On and on"
Identify a featuring cello solo on "Light of the Seven" (GoT soundtrack)
80's pop song with lyric "It's the story of my life if you wanna know"
Who sings "Open Your Mind"?
What is the origin of the common bell chime motif?
Which music genre is that (Far Away von Tristam, Baken)?
What is the third note in the Devil's Tritone?
What legal rights do Dave Grohl and Krist Novoselic have over how Nirvana's music is used?
Why are there no written lyrics for the songs from Barbudo's new album, The EP?
Identify Chopin Prelude or Rondo from sheet music snippet
Horse and Carriage Lyrics (by Ma$e and Cam'rom)
Does it matter when an album is purchased?
Sounds of fret scratches and pick
What does "classical" mean? Is Dvořák classical?
identify music from Discovery Channel documentaries
Identifying an epic instrumental song from Speed Painting video
Song playing in the background of Metumte Methot Facebook video?
Original of song used frequently as background for "quiet storm"
If a song was released in 2014 as a single, and released the following year (2015) on an album, what's the true release date of the song?
Where else to find Bruce Fox-Lefriche's arr. of Bach's BWV 565 for solo violin?
What is the song overlayed on this Café Muller excerpt video?
Song from TALLY WEiJL clothes video
Bands similar to Pink Floyd
Song sounds similar to Sultans of Swing by Dire Straights
Song that goes "Philadelphia, come behold your city"
Name of Irish-like Christmas song?
Why is the song E.P.M. by Dragonforce only on the Japanese release?
Song titled "Soul" with animated music video on MTVU?
Rap song about a veteran coming home from the war
Is Lara Jessica Svensson ("Du och Jag") a real person?
The mountain goat that broke Neil Young's heart
Great 21st century bands worth listening to?
Does anyone know the name of this music?
Is there a term for Gojira's style?
Punk rock music video with exploding mailboxes
Riddims and covers in reggae
Johnny Winter on Muddy Waters Mannish Boy?
Instrumental folk song (possibly Celtic)
Weird piano chord on Police's Roxanne
Identify male band, electro soft/pop rock?
Video clip of a song in a beach, big guy with pink sunglasses
What is the name of this song from my daughter's preformance?
The usage of the word "groove"
"Alan Smithee" equivalent for musicians
Name of note sequence present in many pop songs?
Who does the voice in Marley Marl's "Duck Alert?"
Rock song with music clip about guy blowing his adult to the moon using guitar
Usage of headless guitars on reggae
Music that sounds like this [acoustic guitars and female vocals]?
Identification of Salieri Excerpt in "Amadeus"
What is the meaning of this line in Loch Lomond?
Will song composers ever run out of melodies for songs?
Song (by Dionne Warwick?) with lyrics "I'm moving on", from early 1970's
What was the Reggae state of the art when Bob Marley started?
What is this song effect called?
Song from "Sky Fighters" ("Les Chevaliers du ciel")
Unwanted noises forgotten in the final mix
Music video comic/cartoon like, detective and woman and mob
Jazz fusion groups, albums or songs with highly syncopated and accentuated drums and bass sections?
Have any of the Pink Floyd's instrumental pieces been vocalized?
Diablo OST and music of a kind
Spinal Tap: Units confusion in building Stonehenge stage prop
Are there collections/listings/ratings of "bad" music?
Song from 60's romantic comedy, lyric "in ancient Ceylon" sung by sailor
What does a rough analysis on this piece give?
"Life's not a wheel with chains made of steel" - What does it mean?
Similar to Richie Hawtin's Consumed and Concept 1 albums
Genre of soundtrack music for small remote desert towns?
Disco/Funky song, maybe Sister Sledge from "Ecce Bombo" movie"
What is the name of the musical instrument being played on the video? and we hear usually in churches?
Why is 8:05 "time to rock"?
Did Jimi Hendrix walk around stage during soundcheck to find feedback 'sweet spots'?
Did Pink Floyd ever have five simultaneous members?
Are newly pressed vinyl records done from the original or remastered recordings?
Led Zeppelin's "Ain't no need to hide"
Is radio stream live on SomaFM SF10-33 online radio station?
Does Anyone Know The Name Of This Vocal Audio Effect?
What are the first lines of Peter Gabriel's "Sledgehammer"?
Does anyone know this boogie-woogie?
"Wake up in the morning"
2000s modern house with sample "was there anyone else at the scene of the crime?"
Name of this instrumental song?
What is this song from The Santa Clause 3?
Identify jazzy house song
Did Ferenc Fricsay perform Dvorak's 8th Symphony?
In Svefn-g-englar by Sigur Rós, what is "Tjú"?
This American Life - "Kid Logic": "Werewolves" - plucked strings background instrumental
Why Kirk Hammett didn't seem to help in Hardwired...To Self-Destruct?
Can anyone identify the artist of this piece?
Does anyone know this song
Mashup of several songs including "Africa", "No Woman No Cry" and "Sex and Candy"
Fat Freddy's Drop song starting with maracas
Identifying background tone in How to Get Away With Murder 3x09
Music video with solo female artist singing in the backseat
Genre featuring "chill scat singing" in a modern style
Who played bass on George Michael's "Cowboys and Angels"?
What is the name of the song in this video of MozART Group and Bobby McFerrin?
R3HAB's record label
How did Tops Records squeeze two songs in each 78 rpm side?
J-pop song with time traveling kitty girls
Who writes the original music for Mozart in the Jungle
Heavy Metal music:What does it mean when someone says that something 'sounds heavy'?
Was 2016 really a partcularly deadly year for artists?
Composer of Halo
Wavy Gravy Record Labels
What is on the Thelonious Monk "Straight, No Chaser" album cover art?
Possibly Christian epic rock musical from early 90s (NOT "Jesus Christ Superstar")
Soundtrack on "Gia" runway scene
Familiar Sheet Music Identification!
What was the first "band xxx performs album yyy in its entirety" type of event?
Royalty reducers and ways in which record labels screw artists
What does "clean" mean at the end of the title of an instrumental jazz song on Amazon Music?
Am I wrong if I say that the real good music has died after 2k year?
Is it true that people tend to like music from their teenage years for most of their lives?
Help me identify a sample in a song
What is this song's title?
Identify this music on Liebherr's video?
I'm trying to identify a music video with repetitive dance choreography
Why are the tracks to Van Halen's "Diver Down" shown out of order?
Lyrics of "Keep it up" by Snap?
What is the name of music genre that makes from cups or human body sounds?
Lyrics confusion in Queen's "I Want to Break Free"
Identify a music video featuring a blonde and a DJ who ride a BMW to meet themselves
Who is Derek Sherinian's neighbour in "Blood Of The Snake" hidden track?
Why is Corey Beaulieu's guest solo out of key?
Identify a rap song in the begining of a movie called Ink & Steel?
Black Beatles and the Mannequin Challenge
Meaning of these Savage Garden's Affirmation lyrics
Artists similar to French artist Paradis
Jethro Tull - Thick as a Brick with black band logo instead of a red one
Did Michael Jackson hate his black roots?
What band does Mike Milligan and the Kitchen Brothers refer to?
What's the name of this dramatic classical music piece?
Why are musicians so obsessed with rivers?
Why does all the songs in Fucked Up's album "David Comes to Life" consist of three words?
What is the joke about Frampton Comes Alive in Wayne's World 2?
For Classical Music, is there a database of online recordings that feature the composer (as a conductor or musician)?
Identify song title of this compilation song
What does the lead vocalist sing in a Jam band show?
Are Jam Bands a product of the US, or do they exist everywhere?
What is the exact name of a voice free version of a vocal music?
Identify song that sounds like Avicii, "nobody but nobody but you/me"
Song with children's choir, similar to "Proper Education", circa 2007
Meaning of "Run To My Rescue" - Shogun feat. Emma Lock
What did Donald Glover mean by "Migos are the Beatles of this Generation"?
Identify classical soundtrack of a steam engine video
Why is Metallica's "Hardwired... to Self-Destruct" issued on two CDDAs?
Identify this classical piece (possibly called Impromptu)
Identify featuring soul/funk/disco in Gil Brother Away video
Identify 70's UK song
Tchaikovsky opera opus numbers
"She's Got It!" Who was Frank Sinatra speaking of?
Genre of music used in old Amiga demo videos
Is it implied that a publisher also holds the copyright of a song?
"Going Back to Houston" from where?
Lyrics to Jake Bugg song 'Swept Away"
Song from a livestream
Why does every version of "Requiem" always include "Kyrie Eleison"?
Why is this cover of "New Adventures in Hi-Fi" missing the word "Hi-Fi"?
Complete list of Somei Satohs works
Country music about cascading of love and help
2016 Music Video: Kids with animal masks growing up?
What's the difference between o/b/o and c/o
Does Gautam Malhotra (a composer) really exist?
Famous examples of one mic drum recording in pop/rock music?
Intro similar to Nightcore's "Wrong Side of Heaven"
Differences between Syd Barrett and David Gilmour
How can I find the soundtrack list for documentaries?
What's the purpose of having so many subgenres of music?
Can't find a cutesy pop song from 2000 sung by a young woman
What is the best way to listen to a lot of new albums I just bought?
Why does the music video of "Living Next Door to Alice" by Smokie seem happy?
Has a B-side unexpectedly become more popular than A-side?
Is Kategorie C music not allowed in Germany?
What group in 60s or 70s made an LP (or album) with songs of spacefaring pirates?
Recognising genre and sub-genre
Identify the genre of a Mercedes trailer soundtrack
Find music video, possibly 90's, b&w, guys in boat crossing ocean
Identify song played on piano by street busker
Has Judas Priest ever performed Jugulator or Demolition tracks with Rob Halford?
Name of the soundtrack
Publishing agreement around Beyoncé's song "Sandcastles"
Whose music was in this commercial?
Australian or NZ bands like Mountain Goats, Neutral Milk Hotel, etc.?
What is the song of this guitar intro?
Meaning of a line in 'Story of my life' by One direction. ''I spend her love until she's broke, inside''
What is the orchestral music from the start of Top Gear special "The Worst Car in the World"?
Did Robbie Williams write any songs for Take That?
Are there any instances of "double-dipping" outside of the "Classic Rock" genre?
Could connecting a turntable to non-phono input damage equipment?
What is sludge metal?
Fifty Shades Darker, 'Code Blue' song by The Dream
Can I hook up a turntable and a Chromecast to speakers?
Identify song, sample included
What is the name of this Chinese song?
What's the music genre called - Assassin's Creed Agnus Dei
New EDM-Rock Bands (Not old bands, Not metal, Not Djs)
Country song, c.1999 - "Love is ___"
Where does this famous rhythm pattern come from (oftenly used to knock on a door)?
Song playing in Lift Me Up first dance scene
Ripping MP3s from CDs
Why is Pink Floyd sometimes called "The" Pink Floyd?
If possible, how could mastering engineers allow for stereo bass on vinyl?
Which is the correct stylus weight for the stylus provided with Roadstar TTL-8743DJ?
Identify the soundtrack of "What I Like About You" S04E06
Genre of two songs
Did Aphex Twin ever used samples from someone else's tracks?
Who were the first to utilise classical instruments as integral parts of rock bands?
Looking for song: Lose Someone/Something?
instrument used in the song and identify the lyrics
Looking for a modern-rock song
What is this instrument from Rayman Origins Game?
Click sound in Chicago's song
Can anyone translate the air traffic vocabulary in Five Miles Out by Mike Oldfield?
can anyone tell me the name of this
Nat Geo Gold 2017 background song
Why did Paul and George often share the same mic?
What's the difference between Goa and Psychedelic Trance?
Can anyone identify this title of song in English?
Is there a recording of Beethoven's 9th - 4th Movment w/ no chorus
Why are there so many "featurings" in released singles nowadays?
Get Up, Stand Up: Almighty God is a living man
What's this song during the scissors scene from "The Big Lebowski?"
What Irish music is similar to Ed Sheeran's "Nancy Mulligan"
Of all authors who may have composed "Adeste Fideles", is there one who is most likely to have done it?
What is the true meaning of bohemian rhapsody?
Whats the name of the two twins who are in a band together?
In the original liner notes for any album of the band Kansas, does a reference to "White Rabbit" exist?
"On a boat in the moonlight" "Those are the Eyes of a Woman in Love" - from YouTube video
Song 'You all over me' by Taylor Swift missing lyrics ''Shouldn't [?], but I never do''
Was Prince involved in Kim Basinger's unreleased album from the early 1990s?
musicians always having face covered
Where else does Merrill sing as in "What's New"?
Greatest logevity in Rock bands, keeping all initial members
Please help me find this psychedelic rock (?) song!
What original song is "Catch Me When I Fall" based on?
Is this orchestra playing something well known?
Who wrote the "You don't knock" gospel?
First rock band ever?
Correct genre for songs with "passive" vocals
Trying to identify 80/90s music video with woman in an old castle and locked in santa
Name for "outro" in classical pieces
What's the name of this Song from Rihanna ft. some rapper?
Did NME really say Public Image Limited was "arguably the first post-rock group"?
Is there a "four note" rule that defines plagiarism in music?
Is "The Suburbs" the sequel to "Funeral", both by Arcade Fire?
Eluveitie - "The Call of the Mountains". What the children's choir is singing at the end?
tubular bells in well known classical and modern music pieces
A particular music from the movie "Sing"
Looking for source of familiar sounding bass line used in "Sorry" by Vthebeast
Enrique Iglesias song with "Come to me" in lyrics
Antiphonal violins
Why are equalizers set with high and low tones boosted compared to the middle tones?
Song name where a (probably) computer generated voice states random facts
What's the name of this song playing at the end of Open Season: Scary Silly?
About Jimi Hendrix
Name of the piano piece in the Argerich documentary "Bloody Daughter"
What is the background of "Der Fischer und der Boss" by Reinhard Mey?
Genre of "Someone Like You" (Van Morrison)
How do you pronounce "Ocoeur", "Saycet" & "El Huervo"?
Suburgatory background music Episode 1.6, bathroom scene
when did the 1980's sound of pop music and power ballads end?
I'm looking for this really cool music video that involved monsters and kids
What's the song used in this commercial?
What George Harrison sample did Stereolab try to use on "Pack Yr Romantic Mind"?
How did people in communist Bulgaria (or other eastern bloc countries) access western music like Depeche Mode and New Order?
How to find your music genre? (to listen to)
What is the deep instrument in the track 'The Boxer' by Simon & Garfunkel?
Why does Pink Floyd's "Wish You Were Here" album cover show someone spontaneously combusting?
Why does Nancy Sinatra roll off stage at the end of "Bang Bang"?
Whose​ faces are behind the Nimrod stickers on the cover of Green Day's "Nimrod"?
Songs like "Mile High Club" and "Skank Tank"
Funk Bass Figures
Name of the baroque music in the movie Lush Life (1993)?
Title, composer, source of a duet that starts "Cantami cuando el mar é color tortura"
What's the last song of the "China-Russia Millitary Alliance" youtube video
Du Hast - You Have or You Hate?
Indentify soundtrack in Banged Up Abroad S08E06
Identify soundtrack of this Harry Potter review
Balearic trance vs uplifting trance
Identify the tune in The Parent Trap (1998) Movie
What is the easy way to identify the soundtrack from any Hollywood movie?
Need help finding pre-HipHop black protest music
identify this song with very little clues
Identify classical soundtrack of a British Airways documentary?
Why did Ozzy Osborne choose to make "Hero" a hidden track?
Which country is Paweł Błaszczak from?
Choral composition with train whistle effect
Piano extract from Hiromi's Voice
80's Video: Hippies on a mountain, with a magic door
What was The Grand Tour?
What version of the song "Rock Me" was popular in the 1960s?
What is behind the "message redacted" in "Chiron Beta Prime" by Jonathan Coulton
Classical pieces with Latin lyrics: sicut erat in principio et nunc
Looking for a bassoon piece
Animated music video with snake-haired girl
what is it called when a song is created by overlaying a series of repeating beats
Low-pitched acapella song
Kraftwerk Synthesizers?
What's this melody? (Sort of a musical theater but maybe pop melody)
70's rock song about a man and his ship
Upbeat classical music for kids 6 - 8
Looking for fusion-funk bands
What's this song called?
How can artists make money when their albums and videos are free on YouTube?
What's the name of this classical piano piece?
Song from end credits of Escape From Pretoria video
What is the sound we can hear in Amine & Kehlani's Heebiejeebies?
Song with a 'Easy' girl giving the singer a ride from a party
Music genre similar to brain.fm synthesised music
History of musical instruments in classical music
What adjective did The Economist use to describe Andrew Lloyd Webber's music?
Music video that involves two kids and monster like creatures
Highest ranked popular hits with an uncommon time signature
NPR Instrumental from YouTube heard as background to kindergarten "planets play"
Garage rock song on "building a skate bowl" video
Can anyone please identify these musicians?
Examples of songs with dropped verses?
Streaming radio with widest range of genres?
Identify song by Arcade Fire from Movie - Her (2013)
Which concert(s) is featured in Aerosmith's "Crazy" videoclip?
Longest-running artist in music history?
What kind of dancing style is shown on AronChupa's Little Swing video?
Is there a prepared piano in Staier's recording of Diabelli Variations?
Identify this song "Earth Level Dancing Lines" (Android Game)?
Who is the Elize that Beethoven composed about?
Who is the female singer in Danny Farrant & Paul Rawson's "Monsters and Demons"?
Identify pop-punk music video with costumes from american revolution
Please identify Nurofen Express advert music
How do they prevent music leaking due to a music video shoot
Plz identify this song
What is that music called which sounds away from the tune?
Identify Alternative/Rock-ish song
What is the origin of Biz Markie's stage name?
What's with the pink carnations?
What Do The Lyrics Of "O Shenandoah" Refer to?
The sequel to "La novia del pescador" (id song)
Who are this 3 Judges in parody video of Bon Appétit?
Is there any evidence that Georg Friedrich Händel was gay?
Language and lyrics for Massano's "Indianotech"
What is the difference between original mix, extended mix, bootleg, and a radio edit in music?
Are there any singles (not EPs) with titles different from those of the songs they include?
What is this song from this youtube video?
What is that change in tune called?
What is the transition tune from Tape Face's Act?
Where is the one count? How can I identify it? [Ella Fitzgerald: In A Mellow Tone]
Beethoven's "four chords"
Melancholy piano waltz
Name of this song?
Name of vocalist in Loco by Manian?
Is it the real Trump in this music clip?
Identify this trip-hop song by Tricky
What kind/type of Qanun music is this?
What's the oldest known song that is still played today?
Applicants are dancing in club, boy is "rating" them by showing cards
Looking for original version of 'Grocer Jack' online
Why did '/Passenger.' break up?
Is there a particular meaning of graffiti in The Smashing Pumpkins' music video for "Ava Adore"?
History of the Guitar in Rock 'n' Roll music
Riff from Lucifer TV Series intro music?
Lyrics: “Going for the road life, living for the wild life, swimming in the moon light...“
Why did not I see black people in Rodriguez concert in South Africa?
What is "Stereotomy" by Alan Parsons Project about?
Can you identify this reggae song: "et ma lutte et ma chute et ma oueri"
Why doesn't anyone write great symphonies any more?
Who was the guy in the B-52's video "Roam"?
Why don't we hear Dissonant Postmodern Music as merry uplifting music?
How can I hear Dissonant Postmodern Music as blissful uplifting music?
WANTED! Anime music video from the 90s
Why are female singers criticised when singing live more than male singers?
Unknown Jaci Velásquez track?
Songs similar to Runescape game remix "Har'Money"
Genre or similar songs to this proprietary track
Identify the song from this Sprite Zero tv commercial
Did Prince and Sheila E. really record her debut album, The Glamorous Life, in a week?
What genre is Bob Bradley's "Stand My Ground"?
Is there a musical with "All Star" in it?
What are the factors responsible for the rise of rap?
Why was Fatboy Slim credited for "Praise You"?
Can someone identify this classical track?
What genre is "Appreciate" by Paul McCartney?
What are name and other examples for the type of break/tempo change near the end of "Be our guest"
Can a band (i.e. Linkin Park) survive the loss of a core member?
Musicals with ragtime songs?
Was Bruce Bruce in So Fresh, So Clean?
What kind of music genre did Jesse Pinkman listen to in Breaking Bad?
Classical style bands/music with non-opera vocal singer
Video: Ballerina in love triangle with car mechanic and producer
Identify alt-rock song from Gangstar Vegas game
What is the song that Bert hums in Mary Poppins as he acts like he is on a unicycle at the circus?
What is the genre of the Ievan Polkka?
1980s video with hot spanish rocker girl playing guitar
What is the jazz music used in the OptiCorner commercial on YouTube?
Did Beethoven assist to rehearsals?
What are the nights in the Eric Clapton's 24 nights album?
Name of band with keyboardist with cape (not YES though)
Identifying Celesta Music
Identification of a song through a food fight
Piano song played with three hands, heard in romantic films
What is that haunting string instrument in Kesha's new song, Praying?
Identify musical element reminiscent of Pink Floyd
Indian music video: Bearded singer dances with copies of himself in different colors
Music group that does electric guitar covers of classical music?
What is this instrument?
The connection between Kurdish music and the sound of horses galloping?
Guitar sample in Andy Mineo's "Desparado"
What are the instruments Miles uses to record "Was he Slow?" in "Baby Driver"?
Citing a piece of music with a transcriber or arranger
2000s punk/emo band music video
Is there any software or app to search for similar melodies?
Identify jazzy song from Theme Hospital Intro Music
What is the name of this demo song for this keyboard?
Musical equivalent of the film gag reel
Please, help identifying a classical(?) piano piece
What is the style/genre of the non-English sections of Panic is Perfect's "Go Go Go"?
What is the name of this song? I do not speak English
Instrumental: lead guitar, orchestral accompaniment
The piano introduction to Pink Martini's "La Soledad"
When did Progressive Trance appear?
Music using orchestra with a singer and a pop/rock/jazz song's style?
Does anyone know a song by Frankie Dante and Mongo Santamaria with these lyrics?
Is H8000 a stylistically differentiable sub-genre of hardcore punk?
Is music taste bound to DNA?
Origin of Clementine in "Oh My Darling, Clementine"
Song from the 1960s ("Why, why, why do I have to cry")
Is Logobi a music genre?
What's the name of this song from this Benjamin Zander's TED talk?
Name for commercial song which becomes accepted as folk song?
Children's song about the human body and how blood works
What genre would Jeff Wayne's musical adaption of "The War Of The Worlds" fall in and where can I find more?
Old midi file: possible video game soundtrack
What is the original song for The Wiggles' "New South Wales Blues song"?
Books of collected CD liner/program notes?
International Super Star Soccer 64 Main Theme Genre
Seductive song with male voices in a group, and female voice whispering
Classification of Shape Of You?
Does Asger Hamerik's 6th symphony have any cultural meaning?
Is there a name for this "yawning" effect?
What does "High C's" by Two Steps From Hell have to do with the ocean?
Searching for an LP vinyl record from the 1970's with an octopus on the cover
Identify a song in the trailer for Spark: A Space Tail
Looking for a post-rock band with rock guitars and horns.
Music video where a photographer follows a girl and makes photos at his lab
Piano Piece in Jay Chou magic trick Instagram post
Identify soundtrack from the Disney/Pixar's Coco trailer
Do karaoke machines have multiple music videos for the same song?
Song identification: (German) "Das wirklich wichtige ist, dass ich nicht denke, sondern vergesse"
Identify melody used in a production of Waiting for Godot for "the dog song"
Can you identify this (folk) melody?
French artist, guitar + strong voice, does exist?
Soundtrack: Matt Hynes YouTube Video AudioBook: narrator White South African 4:57
Help to identify this song from "Richard Pryor Omit the Logic" documentary
What was this song in MTV's Headbangers ball intro or interlude?
Have 5,000 mp3 songs need private space with beautiful player with huge options
Is this song (Shpigel) a cover of something?
Are theses images logos from some bands?
German song about a church visitor asking for absolution
Sheet music puzzle from the Church of Higher Truth website
How does a pork chop relate to Duke Ellington's answer of 'Bach and myself'?
Too much similar music nowadays
Arabic YouTube video: Background instrumental as young men break dance
How could Iron and Wine open for Jason Isbell in concert
Music Video with Cables Everywhere
Does somebody know the Song to these lyrics?
Guitar riff that forms the first 10 seconds of Little Barrie's "I Can't Wait"
What is the name of this piano track (feel like Richard Clayderman's)?
What is the meaning of the following line in the Jenniffer Lopez song "I'm into you"?
What is the background music of Sir Digby Chicken Caesar but not The Devil's Gallop?
How and why do I know the song Луди жаби?
Original English versions of Hungarian worship songs
Is Vocaloid some new style or music genre?
"Cantina Band" Genre Question / Similar Music
Does "computer manipulated gibberish" have a name?
Is there any reason for Japanese artists (anime songs, mainly) being not much present in music services like Spotify?
"Poison Ivy, you're suffocating me" from chillout zone Emirates ICE channel, female singer
Song that popped into my head while playing guitar
What kind of music do people born in the late 80's listen to now?
Did Jimi Hendrix's reverted Stratocaster influence his sound?
Intense, confrontational song about argument with yourself
Anyone have lyrics to "Ich schenk dir mein Herz" by Peter Reusch?
Atmospheric music from "Piranhas Destroy Rat" youtube video
Strange Sgt. Peppers red vinyl?
Second Life band called Ingramma (sp?) from Drax Files Maker video
"I'm gonna blackmail you" - looking for song name and band
Song from YouTube video with teenager disrupting class with a trumpet
I'm wondering if there is a word for drum rhythms that make you want to dance?
Can anyone name this album/group from the CD art?
What's that song Haley was listening to in the truck, on episode 8 of season 4 of Halt and Catch Fire?
What's the song from the end credits of Alias Grace?
Who did this cover of Oingo Boingo's "Dead Man's Party"?
Identify the number of 11 Beethoven piano sonatas
Modern bands like Pink Floyd, Yes, Genesis, Transatlantic?
Pop R&B song in audo clip
Identify this instrumental electronic and classical music
The Dancing Dead
What makes a song "danceable"?
Biggest hit dance song
Where does the Y.M.C.A dance comes from?
Song of multiple dances
Making music with cheap programs?
When did the Goombay genre start?
When did musicians started to call each other "MF" in a friendly meaning?
Why did all the prog rock bands switch to an Electro-Pop sound in the early 80s?
The name of this short lived Christian 90's band
Old school Hip Hop song, circa 1999, in background of personal video
What does Johnny Cash refer to when he says he has a “mackinaw?”
Who invented the Moonwalk?
Hard rock/metal song from 2005 to 2007
Need help finding a song. Indie, Folk, 2007ish Myspace solo artist
Cant find Track from "Circus Halligalli" YouTube Video
the piano background of this video
Song from "A Ghost Story" (2017)
Genre including Linkin Park, Breaking Benjamin, Evanescence, Fireflight, Within Temptation, Red, Trading Yesterday, Three Days Grace
What are the words in the background of fun.'s "Some Nights"?
Operatic vocals over modern beat from "Jacques Chirac: F Yeah!" You Tube video
Lookin' for an house album, with senior gentleman and snakeskin face on the cover
Music for Instagram video with young French gymnast Mélanie De Jesus Dos Santos
Piano / Female vocalist song from the 80/90s?
Genre of Dutch hip-hop diss track
Song about stars, long piano intro, rap
What genre is the end credits song in *The Lost Vikings* (Super Nintendo)?
What was the name of the album about an ai/computer calling a radio station leading up to nuclear war?
Intro to popular rock music
Melody pattern in three pop songs - Gaynor, Erasure, Williams
Lonny Bereal's "Don't Play with it", on YouTube and nowhere else?
Why would the final part of Biffy Clyro - Bubbles remind me of something much older?
INDK - Livin with even LES; what does LES stand for
Who sings on the Raconteurs' "Level"
Alternative/indie/mellow acoustic guitar: "...Alabama, Oklahoma..."
I love listen to music on enhanced bass setups: does this means I'm changing the timbre/content of the piece as I prefer?
What musical effects is Jimi Hendrix using in "Machine Gun"?
What violin piece is played by Fargas in the movie "The Ninth Gate"?
Is there a name or genre for music made using only non-instruments?
Song from "How to Pixelate a Picture" YouTube video
Identify the 80s - 90s ballad song
What is this Pirates of the Caribbean-ish maritime orchestral music?
Why is “Despacito” so successful?
Violin recording of Johann Ernst Prinz playing Bach Violin Concerto in C Major? (BWV 984)
Which saxophone is used on "Don't Deal With the Devil"?
How do you find music that matches your steps when running at a normal speed?
Can the warm sound of vinyl be recorded onto CD?
What genre or other singer matches the chorus of "Dream State..." by Lucy Dacus?
What instrument(s) are used here?
What's the meaning of the title of the song "Echame la cupla"?
Looking for a german album (female artist, in german, modern orchestral/pop)
Does Pink Floyd really start a supremacist/hate rally in The Wall?
Would like to find more songs like Amy Grant's rendition of "Jesu, Joy Of Man's Desiring"
What genre would "Sin Jedinac" and "Ljudmila" by Djordje Balasevic fall under?
What song is playing at the end of this Family Guy segment?
Why are Zap Mama's Iko Iko lyrics so different and what do they mean?
What music genre would most Noir-esque jazz fall under?
A famous R&B musician alluded to in *Swan Peak*
Does anyone know what the real lyrics are for "Heaven or Las Vegas" by the Cocteau Twins?
Why is Broschi's "Son qual nave ch'agitata" in Vivaldi's opera "L'oracolo in Messenia"?
Song that plays in Christmas episode of Season 2 of Grey's Anatomy?
What is this classical piece used in Miss Marple radio drama?
Meshing Music and ASMR
Recent music video with boy in orange inmate's uniform
Is "Road to the West", from Cowboy Bebop, played on alto or tenor sax?
French rock band with American rapper
Music video: Christmas, war, a dead Santa Claus
Is it actually possible to dance a Sarabande to Erik Satie's "Sarabandes"?
What genre is the song "Here Comes a Thought" from Steven Universe?
Musician with the most one-off aliases
What is Brutalist Music?
Why did Xenakis compose music that 'hurt' listeners?
Looking for an Arabic song may be یعب یلا
Ave Maria Guarani
Strange Pink Floyd's "The Wall" album with round sticker
Piano piece in Sakamoto Anime
Old metal song criticizing the Bush administration?
Extra audience lyrics in a K-Pop song?
Funny Old Reggae Songs - "Squeeze Your Tomatoes", "Syndrome" (who is the artist)?
What is this song from a Last Jedi trailer?
Song used for video on @Chimeyola Istagram feed
What are examples of iconoclastic interpretations of classical music?
Music Video with blue room, white furniture appearing and disappearing
Identify the music genre
Who is this female guitarist in The 36th Annual Kennedy Center Honors?
Gareth Emery's Soldier Lyrics Clarification
Cello song from "Strong Woman Do Bong-Soon" (k-drama) E2 @57:49
Who is the guitarist of the melodic blues line in "I want you (she's so heavy)" of The Beatles?
Bands With Epynomous Album and Song
What does characterize "dirty" folk?
Is there “philosophical” metal?
Identify soundtrack from "Jiro Dreams of Sushi"
Operatic aria from the end scenes of "Combien tu m'aimes" (2004)
I am looking for music akin to this piece of music, "Vengeance of the Blood Elves". Where can I find music like this?
Music video: Guy that looks like Will Poulter is beaten up at convience store or restaurant
Is there a Classical music reference for the melody of the popular song "Mah Nà Mah Nà"?
What makes music good to study by?
Mozart riff with "Heart and Soul" progression
Well known band whose name ends with a single capital letter
Beastie Boys' "An Open Letter to NYC"; reference to the "number ten bus"?
Source of dialogue from intro to Beastie Boys' "Professor Booty"
Looking for an essay comparing Beethoven to Hamlet
When a songwriter says "you deserve" to a girl, what makes the girl deserving?
Identify eletronic club song
A French rap song called "Paris Je Marnd" (sp?)
Origin of "Who are you?" sample from DJ Shadow's "Circular Logic"
Genre of music by the band "Los Deltonos"?
Catalog/index CDs using their label barcodes
Looking for the record store from MI: Rogue Nation
Is there a high quality audio recording of Widmung (Schumann - Liszt) by Martha Argerich?
Unknown avant-garde piano song performed by Kyari Leen Alcantara
Albums for classical songs played by electric guitar?
I-Catalogue Number
Identify soundtrack of this video about Fallout 4
Is there a genre that mixes punk rock and jazz/marching band that isn't ska?
Stray sheet music
What is this classical piece? 3/4 | c'2 c'4 | g'2 g'4 | d'4. d#'8 d'4 | c'1 ||
Nineties R&B song about a girl named Dinah (?)
Genre of "Bourbon Street" (Tuohy), "Save My Soul" (Big Bad Voodoo Daddy), more
Jazz ballad on "Getting Over It with Bennett Foddy - Speedrun" video
Does anyone know this song from Mako Mermaids season 2?
Identify this classical (or modern classical) music from an article in "The Street" news
"there's one place to go - this is it" or similar, Sinatra?
Why "un, dos, tres, catorce" instead of "un, dos, tres, cuatro" in U2's "Vertigo"?
Why do many vinyl albums place sides I and IV on one record and II and III on the other?
Why is Beethoven's Op 81 split into "81a" and "81b" instead of No. 1 and No. 2?
Why are there two sets of lyrics to "The Music of the Night"?
What song has the most *distinct* words in the lyrics?
Have any one-hit wonders later returned to become multi-hit successes?
What is the music genre of this part of this song?
How can I discover new music based on what I have downloaded as mp3
can someone identify the song sampled in Loud & Proud's Lucky Star?
Instrumental 'chillwave' band from 2000s
Help identifying an acoustic guitar song
Is opera more enjoyable when you don't understand the lyrics?
Why is Porcupine Tree's song '.3' named that way?
Is it a good idea to stream a vinyl turntable via Bluetooth?
90s video: Everything is made out of letters (i.e. T A X I = a taxi)
What is Temple Of The Dog - Hunger Strike about?
is there any particular reason why songs in spanish are taking over?
Song/composer from "Shooting Iwo Jima" Smithsonian documentary
When did Beste (vocal genre in Ottoman classical music) appear?
What's this percussion instrument in Starless by King Crimson
Every Rose has its Thorn - is dawn negative?
Identify soundtrack for funny fast-motion runs or chases in comedy
Genre of ADAM - Люба song (Ukrainian)
Does Bruce Springsteen ever called Steve Van Zandt his "consiglieri"?
80s rock music video, "Girls like you...", catsup as blood
90s video about nerd cloning girls
Changes in pitch when playing vinyl on relatively new turntable
Why does Metal sound so muddy?
Identify soundtrack in "What I like about you" S03E17
What instruments are used in "For a few dollars More theme song"?
In the Black Panther soundtrack, “Ancestral Plane”, what is the string theme most like?
Is there a term for a "punctuating" music?
Where is the longer version of this song of Percy Faith?
Identify traditional Scottish folk song about a kiss
Intro Song in Petra Documentary
What are the lyrics to Ben Gold and Audrey Gallagher's song "There Will Be Angels"
Had Mark Knopfler written some more rock songs after Dire Straits?
Why is Bhangra music often fused with Jamaican/Reggae music?
As a performer, was Mozart primarily a pianist or a violinist?
How do I find an obscure remix of a popular song?
Polish-language pop artists?
Original media in Sony Ericsson w800i
Is there a streaming music service that plays music by year or decade (esp 60s to 80s) based on what was actually popular in the decade?
Strange voice intro/outro "Green Heaven - Demo" Red Hot Chili Peppers
Movie with medley of love songs being watched in Veronica Faith video
What music band was said to be Bill Clinton's favorite?
EDM song with the lyric "riot music"
How did Gilles Peterson persuade Mala to "Mala in Cuba"?
How is IIII+IIII pronounced “Edgy-Og-Beh”?
How is the opera-like voice in background called?
Song used in Huawei Mobile CH Portrait video on YouTube
Dark electro song with distinctive album cover from Spotify
Why is the text of “Space Oddity” different in different recordings?
Identifying a piano sonata
Very old song about a travelling couple
Why is it so hard to identify Library music?
Songs with powerful real-life significance
What is this notated fragment of classical music?
How does one characterize or classify the patriotic music in American films & TV?
Song with hairy monster in music video?
What is the basic difference between artist and composer tag used in audio file
Flamenco in Queen's "Innuendo"
Identify 90s R&B and Pop characteristic sound/instrument (processed vibraphone?)
Genre of music favored on "Lucifer" tv show
Is there a name for a song(s) within a song?
Identify this song (most likely 2000s rap)
Can you identify this somewhat old indie strings song? It was used in a custom texture pack for Minecraft 6+ years ago
"Are you going to leave me here alone and forsake your own country?"
Identify two songs from Innova Irish Dance Company at Britain's Got Talent (2014)
Whats this musics genre?
What is the meaning of (Paean) in the title of Ed Sheeran's "How Would You Feel (Paean)"?
Similarities in Beyonce's and Michael Jackson's art
Unofficial Call and Response lyrics
Old (Rock?) song sung by a guy. Instrumental sounds similar to Jerk It Out By Caesars but slower. Lyrics contain Woah oh oh oh oh
What is this song?
What is the background chatter at the beginning of "Gravity of Love" (Enigma)
What is the song that the YouTube channel Benja uses for its outtro?
I Riden Så (Ye Ride So Carefully) Interpretation
What is the name of this jazz song used in this video at this point?
What is the song that goes "Yo listen up here's the story about a little guy that lives in a blue world"?
Big Shaq real name?
What song is played in the background in "Intro - Live" on Fleetwood Mac's Rumours (Super Deluxe)
Intro lyrics to Janelle Monae's "Django Jane"
What did Schoenberg intend to say by '[Ives] responds to negligence by contempt'?
Who made the cover art for this album?
Electro House vs Big Room House?
Instrument used in the intro to Green Day's "21 Guns"
What features make up a genre?
Old song, female singers, "I wanna [scat singing]"
Who played Normanno in Nino Sanzogno's 1959 Lucia di Lammermoor?
Looking for examples of irregular time signatures being used in post rock
Why do string players heave their bows far over the strings, like over their head?
Do me from behind
What does Syd Barrett's song"Rats" mean?
What are all stanzas of "Jane Kaha Gaye Wo Din" by Hasrat Jaipuri?
Non-English words and sounds in Barzilai Netta's Eurovision song "Toy"
Uptempo/Happy/Celebratory Cello piece
"Roses never grow..." (rock song)
Bon jovi documentary
Identify the language in Virgin Black's Walk Without Limbs
Was Mary a prostitute in Queensrÿche's "Operation: Mindcrime"?
Tango playing from a gramophone *Poirot* - "Third Floor Flat" (TV episode)
What song has the phrase "waka waka wee"?
What genre is Jackson and His Computerband - "Blood Bust"?
Can Prokofiev be neatly classified in a genre?
Genre similar to instrumental version of "Elder Brothers" (ambient piano, OD electric guitar)
Song used in this VFX showreel YouTube video
What is the title of this classic Russian(?) piano song?
Did Charlie Puth lift a vocal run from Justin Timberlake?
What is the meaning behind a drummer calling his style of playing as 'orchestrational' (as opposed to 'strict time')?
Why did Guillaume de Machaut believe that "in my end is my beginning, and in my beginning"?
Why did Charles Ives believe that 'Prizes are badges of mediocrity'?
Downtempo song, where a female voice says “Don't stop”
WW2 English song "A blackout warden passing yelled, Ma pull down that blind"
Portuguese rap song about the rapper refusing a groupie's proposition
What is the "MT" sound storage medium?
What type of music is this ,Mexican-Romantic track "Manny and Meche" from Grim Fandango?
Does someone know this campfire song?
Soundtrack ID: Christopher Robin Official Trailer
The genre and title of this exhilarating song
What's this song, used in "The Story of God with Morgan Freeman"?
Persian song: can you please tell me what this song is called?
Why did Mahler experience fin-de-siècle angst?
What does "pattern games" signify, in the context of Steve Reich's Music for 18 Musicians?
How does Steve Reich's music have more 'modernist rigor' than Philip Glass's?
How do angular lines in Piccaso's paintings mirror Stravinsky's primitive rhythms?
Identify this (I think baroque) guitar composition
Is Ghost's "Square Hammer" a cover?
How does 'meter' differ from 'rhythm', in music?
Lyrics - "Matto, Caldo, Soldi, Morto..." by Ennio Morricone
Using delay and loop on guitar means Pink Floyd and Gilmour in particular
Hatten är din - original lyrics
Identify soundtrack of this Mr.President video game review
What is the role of the lead guitarist in a rock / metal band?
What does the melody sound like in "This Life Is Lost" from Dr. Peacock & Sefa?
Is Jazz supposed to elicit any specific feelings?
Does anything in Elton John's "Daniel" actually/specifically reference war, or Vietnam?
Identify this famous instrumental music played on the electric harp
Where is Frank Zappa's "Lumpy Gravy" in the movie
Looking for a 90's or 00's song, female singers - ""Oh nananananje"
Song from "Great Secrets: DaVinci" game video
Please identify the soundtrack Tim Pool uses at the end of his videos
What is the most accurate and if available complete book of beatles sheet music for piano and/or guitar?
Why are Queen members dressed as women in "I Want to Break Free"?
What is the song used in the bleed for this trailer?
A song with a lyric "Hold on hold on to the love"
Where do I find more music that is similar to the soundtrack of Prince of Persia (2008 video game)?
Identify the opening discourse in "Pray", from Haelos
Weird sound at the end of unforgiven II
Slavic Music Video With Rebellious Old Couple
Rap songs not having featured artist in title
Records of ballads of Jerry Garcia
What is the song played by Lee Min Ho in Legend of the Blue Sea Episode 2?
Beautiful piano song. But can't tell the title
Looking for piano waltzes similar to this one
Can anyone identify the song I am whistling?
Song similar to opening seconds of One Republic's "Connection"
Song used on an Instagram edit post from a manga
What happened to Andy Fairweather Low and Greg Phillinganes regarding Eric Clapton?
When does movie soundtrack/score albums typically come out?
Looking for the title of this may be Mexican music
How it was recorded 'One After 909' (The Beatles)
What is the following Bach edition number?
Why do some editions move Palestrina's Jesu Rex admirabilis by a half note?
Identifying Orchestral Jazz Genre
What is the music style from a lot of 70's Japanese anime or *tokusatsu* series called?
Please identify the last 3 words in the lyrics of "In a Place Far Far Away" by Paul Robeson
Song from end of trailer for "Shazam!" (2018)
Japanese funeral chanting in Tokyo Monogatari
Classical piece performed on hammer organ
Spoken lines in Annie Lennox' "No More I Love You's"
Do any of you know about this song? (https://vocaroo.com/i/s07l7dm3fxuQ)
Solo piano instrumental in background of "Топ 10 книг Стивена Кинга" video
Hide and Seek beat drop symbols translation
Can these tracks be grouped under one Electronic music subgenre?
Blood Simple. Music during the chase
Genre of "This Loneliness" from *The Godfather* (Carmine Coppola)
Music video: Teenaged black girls dancing at a sleepover, 90's, US
Song from "Killer's Kiss" (1955)?
What is Bass and Treble?
Who’s playing drums in Aloe Blacc’s "Brooklyn In The Summer"?
Vivaldi: Stabat Mater (Ah Ch'Infelice Sempre) lyrics
Leonard Cohen song from end of the "Tower of Song" tribute concert (Nov. 2017)?
Maniac | Official Trailer music
Why was the band "The Police" allowed to use that name?
What is the missing verse from Dr. John's "Mama Roux"?
Song from "How to make 11,000hp - Don Schumacher Racing //FT015"
Are "We are the World" incomes still sent to Africa?
How can I locate old sheet music if I know the author, title and copyright info?
Looking for song featured in Party Scene on the TV Series, Felicity (S1, E3)
Why are some musician names a letter followed by numbers?
Who's the earliest rock band to use a sitar?
Which techno composition is this?
Identify music from a Coca Cola ad
Where can I find information about compositions using composer and catalogue number?
Dream by Imagine Dragons seems to have ripped off a song from the early 2000s to maybe 2010
Looking for the lyrics of a traditional American song
What did Ligeti mean by 'the ironic theatricalizing of the past'?
What did Stravinsky mean: harpists "spend 90 percent of their lives tuning … and 10 percent playing out of tune”?
Why do radio stations only play hit songs?
Song used on "Maps that Will Change the Way You See Russia" video
What does "language is gestural and splintered" mean in music? How can it arouse "the overall impression of highly coloured abstraction"?
EDM song, video with 2 teddy bears, lyrics: "we were gold"
Milli Vanilli's Rob Pilatus - year of birth
Are there statistics of which music genres are the most succesful economically nowadays?
Genre of KNW THT by YUKI AME
Looking for Prog Metal bands with big band instruments
Rock covers of Wagner's music
What's the meaning of the lyrics to "Stolen Innocence" by Courtney Parker
Is "All of my Love" the main influence on this Tame Impala song titled, Led Zeppelin?
"Someone else's dream" - female voice, guitar
Please help identify song on this Instagram video
Who are the real musicians behind this fictional band, Violet Sedan Chair?
Unknown Superhero 500 song
Popular operatic aria, sung with a lot of "ohs"
Lyrics in Green Day's "Jesus Of Suburbia"
"Hast du für mich Zeit"
"God rest ye merry gentlemen", remix with Scottish children's choir
Was Elvis Presley's 'Suspicious Minds' the first song with a fade-out and fade back in?
Identify soundtrack of "Horizon - la soumission au costume -"
What's the song name in "Git Gud" video clip
What is this genre of music called (medieval chanting + rock)?
Identify a doo wop song (remixed)
Pop song - I-IV-I-V progression, "that's just the way life goes"
Is there a term to describe what movie/game/anime/etc. a music piece is famous for?
Song used as outro for Coke Music @ MTV video
What music is playing in the Do Long Bridge scene?
Scratchy sound on "7 Seconds" Youssou N'Dour - ft. Neneh Cherry
What is the name of the song played in the market scene of The Silence (1998)?
Which song, using just one instrument or one voice, has charted the highest in the US Billboard Hot 100?
Can someone give information about this song?
Are there any kinds of Jazz that use Sitars?
What is name of this soundtrack?
Soldier's Joy - sleeve notes appear to contradict the instruments heard on the track
Classical song frequently used as songtrack for "posh" settings
Help identifying this piano sample
Lyrics for Backyard Superheroes - Face it
what is the name of the song or piece that comes at the end of the black panther trailer sounding like a sparkle?
What is the song with strings and a female singer only singing «lalalalala...»?
Does anyone know the song that starts with maracas (Maybe some other shaker) and has a guitar in it too. The song has no lyrics
who is the voice in Manu Chao - Homens?
Which 80's old school house song is this?
Music video of a girl's colorful dream - at the end she wakes up abused
What is the meaning of "special option in your car?"
The lyrics of the song by a Greek band Fade -- No Trust
Meanings in "Mon Maquis" by Alizée
The meaning of "Sunlight thrown over smashed human bones."
Hip-Hop / R&B song that samples "Push the Feeling On" by Nightcrawlers
Help identify a children's song about looking for a baby
Is the old man cleaning in Nirvana's Smells Like Teen Spirit music video supposed to mean something?
How to qualify 'Lady of the Lake' by Rick Wakeman (Knights of the Round Table)?
Help identifying a techno (?) song
Sugarhill Gang - Apache (Jump on it) - real title?
Who said words to the effect of "the artists have gotten better looking but the music's gotten worse"?
Lyrics of Needles written by System of a Down
A song where a girl is sent to isolation?
Quiet solo piano piece in Youtube video
Which place does "west side" in Hamilton Leithauser + Rostam's "A 1000 Times" refer to?
Identify obscure track used in this video
Identify soundtrack for the Roma teaser trailer?
Blond woman singing pop opera in front of a green screen
2014 song from male singer, music video had "Where the Wild Things Are" monsters
Origins of 'Madchester'
How much different was Prince's income on records sold, given all his roles?
Repeated lyric in Guz & Tough Love - "Dancin' Kinda Close"
Does anyone know this song?
What classical piece is used as inspiration during the first six seconds of Purple Dreams by Figaro Castello?
Identify music video that have blue colored men on DTS demonstration disc?
What genre is this song from Cowboy Bebop?
Why are there so many love songs?
Vivaldi RV 580 - is it for guitar or violin? Confused why it's listed both ways
Knife Party - Destroy Them With.. Lasers or Lazers?
What is the prototype for the song in this cartoon
Genre of "Band Take [X]" songs from the "Scythian Lamb" soundtrack
Classical music played by Atkinson Carillon at 24 Old Bond Street, London?
Longest song recording that hit the charts
Why have so many Grunge artists died of suicide and drug related deaths?
Identify pieces included in an app from 1990ish Acorn A3000 called Maestro
What is the difference between featured songs and original songs?
"Fidi amanti" from Vivaldi's Dorilla in Tempe
Lyrics of True Faith by New Order: What is the morning sun?
Is this small bit of The Good Wife score a derivative of a small bit of Alias score?
Which song is played in the background of this video and what genre is it?
Why were so many classic rock musicians born between 1945 and 1950?
Instrumental used for "Devotions" on WBAL-TV 11
What is the name of the song that sounds like "It is Never Enough"?
Pizzicato bass line in the song "Finally mine"
Anyone know this song name for this sheet music?
Trying to identify a mid-to-late 80s synth/pop track with refrain "songs on the radio"
What is the true concept behind the band ghost?
A song from late 80's or early 90's
Quiet electronic instrumental
What is this instrumental song that is at least about 50 seconds long?
What does "Square-O" mean?
How do electro-swing artists get that old cracky gramophone voice?
I’m looking for Boo Hoo in an episode of Columbo
What is the sample of Xzibit's "Paparazzi"?
What film/series is this melody from?
Does the singer Dua Lipa have a sister?
Epic russian music from an removed youtube video
Help identifying a song from sound clip - male and female vocalists
Is Sweet and Low, a song referenced in Blubber by Judy Bloom, a real song?
What genre of classical music is Caroline Shaw?
Old children's song sampled on Hellnation's "Think Before You Act"
What's this '90s song? (added MP3 of my humming)
Iron Maiden's Eddie and Tolkien's Gollum
Is Billie Jean really not his lover?
Pro Pain - Down For The Cause - Help to understand the song
There’s a boat passing by / And it’s glowing with Northern Lights
Is this an early piano accordion? If not, what is it?
Did Glenn Gould's humming bother other musicians during concerts?
Take this moment and fly, fly / I'll run away with you and search for life
English language rap song: "Asleep in the [unknown]"
Tune quoted in Jinkx Monsoon's "Cartoons & Vodka"
What's the name of this instrument that Donald Duck is playing?
Are "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" and "Itsy Bitsy Spider" the same song?
Genre of "Meant To Be" by Arc North
Artists like (the late Pakistani singer) Nusrat Fateh Ali Kahn
Bluegrass song with African-themed music video
What song is used in the movie trailer BURNING (2018)?
Song with a theme of "Love me now, but give it time and I'll make you hate me"
Who was the first person to spin a double bass during a performance?
Kid's Country-Western music CD, cover was black with words formed by rope
What is the meaning of "Jigolo har Megiddo"?
Is there a genre name for these new hip hop like songs with clicking drum machine?
Why did Nas skip out "Bonjour" from his Nasir Film?
Everybody look and see, everybody run, everybody look and see Johnny's got a gun (60s/70s)
Reggae song - Sending that love to a higher ground, love a medication, it's all you see
Songs like "Father and Son" by Cat Stevens
Song from the Queo commercial?
Why are remixes made? How are the decisions made about how to remix a song?
Who is Erkki Juhonpoika Puujumala?
Identify this music in a wedding video
Does anyone know this song? Pokèmon XY
Identify piano soundtrack in "Capitulo" soap opera
Which music style is King Herod's song supposed to be?
A song using the same melody as part of the chorus of "Still Breathing" by "Mayday Parade"
Can you recognize this famous song from the '80s?
Why is the melody for the "Gloria" from "Angels We Have Heard On High" so similar to the one from "Ding Dong Merrily On High"?
Name of this Instrumental Track I've been trying to identify for almost a decade
Episode 9 of "The Apprentice"
Ecuadorian song with "el ecuador" in the lyrics
Identify song in Monty Python episode "Live from the Grill-O-Mat"
What is Wynton Marsalis' band saying on the song Juan, and what does it mean?
What song is used in the club scene in the movie BURNING (2018)?
Why John Mayer is not considered par with other guitarists like BB King, Eric Clapton?
About Patti Smith's song "Rock N Roll Nigger"
Has Glory To Glory by William Matthews just a religion meaning?
What is the genre of Riddles and Mazes?
Anyone know the name of the song that plays in High Risk/Meltdown (1995) [English-DUB ver]
Are posthumously-released songs by XXXTentacion actually sung by him?
What would a vocalist use in-ear headphones for, even during an acoustic concert?
Lyrics of "The friends of Mr. Cairo" by Vangelis and Jon Anderson
Background music style of cops movies
Term for Instrumental Music Where the Singer has been Replace by Instrument
Did Sidney Bechet "study" with Lorenzo Tio Jr.?
What's definition of 'straight funk'
Hip hop song "Startalk Radio - Cosmic Queries: Colonizing Mars - Neil Tyson and Chuck Nice"
Tracking down Berklee College student recordings
Is the song "25 ans" by Ben Mazué a cover?
Sounds like bass vibes - acoustic guitar magic?!? What instrument makes this sound?
Is Jincheng Zhang copying instrumental work of others?
What do you call a song that starts with its chorus instead of its verse?
Piano waltz from "The Conservation of Iron Workers" video
Which song is playing at roughly 59:40 in this Facebook video from the reception ceremony for the Red Lions?
Piano melody in movie 'Under the Silver Lake'?
Song recorded off UK radio
What's this song sung by 1 female accompanied only by piano, that starts with “Did you mean what you said, when you left me at the corner”?
Is there a cover of "A Winter's Tale" with these alternate lyrics?
New Mowgli movie flute
Identify a Christmas song about a kid not wanting his dad to eat Santa's cookies?
Why does Bluetooth Audio has worse audio quality than cable, when the signal is digital
What is the ending music of Rick and Morty S3 E1?
Information about old Höfner guitar
What's the origin of the phrase "Rise Up Singing"?
Identify soundtrack used by Jincheng Zhang
Games - Strawberry Skies Vaporwave Youtube Playlist Circa 2012-13
Identify beautiful music with unknown language
One butterfly pull the iron out the maiden
What is the style of Moderat (A New Error)?
Does anyone recognize this song in which the rapper goes through what appears to be an ancient tomb?
Genre of "Do You Only Wanna Dance" (Mya)
How to deal with artists slightly modifying free-use songs and becoming the default Shazam/google/siri result for the audio?
Miniature saz-players?
Roma 2018 - Alfonso Cuaron - beach wedding song
Find a song - Girl in the grey flat
What is One Love by Rocker Tu a cover of?
Help me find this Tori Amos-ish type of song
Vinyl record limited to 700 meaning?
Identify this song: "The measure of success is happiness"
Song where the lyrics are *literally* "duh-duh-duh-duh"
Are the names of musical instruments globally standardised?
Theme to major movie (heard on violin in Brussels)
Identify This Christian Song "I've Never Seen a Love Like This"
identify the singers in the gurban sung at the 2/3rd mark of the movie 'Rab Ne Bana De Jodi'
What is the Superman's "stupid line" mentioned in The Less I Know The Better from Tame Impala?
What is the name and composer of this classical organ music?
A music video with a black man running and turning to dust by car hit
Identify Discovery channel's music in miniature from 2002
What's the name of the song in this electronic music mix?
How to find these BGM in the video?
Seinfeld - The Wizard - What's the name of the rap song played as Elaine enters her boyfriend's apartment?
What style of piano is used in The Gaithers' "One Day" (featuring Lynda Randle)
Name of this chinese song?
Did Queen make any new best sellers after Freddie Mercury's death?
How to automatically tag music genres of songs?
Identify song played on piano in "Under the Lake"
What is the specific genre(s) of electronic producer 'k?d'
Can anyone identify this instrumental song used in G3 iMac commercials?
Can anybody know this music seems to be in 80s
Who are composers of "Careless Whisper"?
Did Ray Manzarek play a Hohner keyboard bass on a commercial recording or public occasion?
Which genre is this song reminiscent of?
Identify name and artist of two specific songs in Yiruma's Greatest Hits playlist
What is this classical piece playing in "War & Remembrance" Part VIII?
Spider's, I wanna die - real or fake
Hip hop lyrics - "You’re just a little guy"
Name of music in commercial 2 for mermaid scar
Original "Glory To The Sun" Russian folk song used as a theme in Beethoven String Quartet No. 8 and others
Is there any information about the music used in the Qatar Airways advert entitled "The World Like Never Before"?
What album was this?
Why is Sir Walter Raleigh such a stupid git?
1980s Song/Instrumental on MTV
1990s flighty video with some pop
Tommy Castro / RL Burnside
Rock subgenre of "Darkness" by SPF1000
Identify singer of the song "Painter" in a CD called Timeless
What is going on in the lyrics of Kate Rusby's song “The Lark”?
GREEN BOOK: Is there any sheet music available by Don Shirley?
was Don Shirley also a composer even if he didn't write down any sheet music?
Genre of Kyoko Suga's "Love, Two Love"
Is "Nachts weinen die Soldaten" a hommage to "Es ist an der Zeit" or to "Green Fields of France"?
Unknown Edit of Major Tom
Genre of "Peppertones - Close up the world"
Peppertones "Salary" - Harmonic syncopation in swing rhythm
Will Queen Release Some Kind of Anthology of Unreleased Material Soon?
Denon PMA amplifier on power when not in use
Operetta theme on piano/organ roll
Do frequencies between each note have a name?
The Lowest Note?
Song ID: Piano intro
identify instrumental Reduce - Jincheng Zhang by shazam
What is the family theme piano song in "Legend of the Blue Sea"?
Why do Desmond and Molly Jones switch roles in the repeated final verse of Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da?
Electro song with the nursery rhyme lyrics "Teddy bear, teddy bear, turn around," in it?
Club Song - "Oohs" & "Ahs" becoming words, old people clubbing
Alt/indie rock, c. 2015, mirror surface Strat guitar in video, "Where we at"
What genre is "Morning Dew" by Ryosuke Kojima?
Which language is this language heard in many urban songs?
Is this string instrument making a trill sound?
What rap subgenre is T.I. "Do Ya Thang"
In which ragams do Ganesh and Kumaresh play kalpana swarams for the pallavi in *Shantham*?
What is the name of the Outro song from YouTube: "ChaseTheBro - Dark Souls 3"
What is the difference between Trap and Drill?
Rap song basically just listing designers
Identification of a song in HOUSE M.D S08E07
Song from "Monster Truck Evolution" -slow building epic instrumental
What is the genre or type of music from Don't Starve?
When exactly did Mason sing for Pink Floyd?
Identify female singer, "please stay, stay here with me", purple background video
In Far Too Loud's "Doomsday Machine", where did the dialogue clips come from?
Identifying ragams in M. L. Vasanthakumari's rendition of *Sancharadadhara*, Jayadeva's *Gita Govindam*
Who knows the name of this song?
Instrumental song at the start of the ending credits of "Secret Superstar" (2017) Indian movie (got no info from IMDb and Wikipedia)?
Is there a term that describes such songs?
What's the music genre of "Melting Ice Icream - Twice"?
What is the meaning behind the ant logo of "The Prodigy"?
What is the music style of Radiohead - Life in a glasshouse?
What is the name of the piece in the ballroom scene in "The Favourite" (2018)?
What is the purpose of using pronoun "they" instead of "he" in "Ten Duel Commandments" (Hamilton: The Musical)
Why is the band Persian Risk named as such?
What does the song 'Year of the Cat' by Al Stewart mean?
Was there any official info as to why Always Somewhere sounds like Simple Man?
Help finding this older pop song
What acts play somber, soulful blues like Cassandra Wilson's cover of "Death Letter Blues" (True Detective season 3 theme)?
Help identify a soundtrack from TV ad of Vivo NEX Dual Display smartphone
Electro house music identification
Track name unknown help please
Lyrics for "Into the flow" from 1984 movie "Heavenly Bodies"
What is this song I found on an old flashdrive? It is from 2006 or earlier
The Untouchables (1987) - song during Jim Malone's death
I can't find this song, sounds like Chet Faker
What is this album (martial-ritual-dark ambient)?
Modernist piano excerpt (Ravel? Debussy?) from "Dialogue entre Jean-Pierre Serre" video
What is the song from The Umbrella Academy's 1st episode at 47′16″?
What's the name of the tune in this advertisement for Visa?
I've tried multiple ways to get this song, any help is appreciated
Identifying kalpana swaram ragam in the RTP by Ganesh and Kumaresh in *Samarpanam*
Can anyone please help me identify the classical piece at 1:59 in this youtube video?
What is the black rectangular shape in "In My Feelings (Kiki Do You Love Me)" video clip?
Identify this song - Wallace & Gromit: The Curse Of The Were-Rabbit (2005) - Trailer
What is the story of Widmann: Viola Concerto?
Identify this song - punk song mentioning Jeffrey Dahmer
identification of the piano piece in the video
Does anyone know examples of old Danish rowing songs?
What is the exact name of this Spanish waltz?
Why is "Time Was" by Wishbone Ash considered progressive rock?
Jazzy song in background of "How Instant Noodles Are Made" video
I can't remember the song name
What is the name of this music?
What does "Cockroach King" really signify?
What is the name of this music in this NFL video?
Male/Female Duet 2000s - car or truck in the cold and snow
What is the name of the music in that promo for "The Wonderful World of Disney" (1997)?
Identify the music on Australian advertisement for Sidchrome spanners
What is the name of the music at the beginning of this promo for the 70th anniversary of GONE WITH THE WIND back in 2009?
Searching for a ballet: (nude?) female solo dancer on uneven surface (to Strawinsky?)
slow rock song name with lyric goodbye
What are these "click sounds" in the song *Cradles* by Sub Urban?
Trying to identify Carlos Kleiber recording of Mozart/Beethoven with lots of applause at the end for funeral music
Need to find out what piano instrumental this is
What is this song with strings and a bit of harp?
Methods for identifying a tune online
Solo Music Instrument played in "All at Sea"?
Identify soundtrack in Prisoner Cell Block H Episode 552
A music video from the 2000s and it’s from a band (alternative is the genre)
Voegeli's "All things Considered" Theme Song and It's Hollywood Connection
What's the rap song with Sa-Roc & another rapper playing chess then chased out of apartment?
End of AVICII's The Nights: Why is the end of the sound wave not centered around zero?
If 'Hey Joe' had been 'Hey John', would it have been as good a song?
Can't put a name to this anime song
Apple Watch commercial - song used
Looking for a tune possibly from old sci-fi movie
Who is this band on the BBC Sounds billboard?
Common chord progression and melody used for "inspirational" style music?
Home Depot commercial music
What is this classical piece played in Andrew Graham-Dixon's "Renaissance" episode 4?
What do the lyrics of "Juliet" by Cloudnone and Matt Van mean?
Violin song that evolves from traditional classical to upbeat percussive piece
What Vocaloid song is this (from an anime)?
Historical context of 70s Soul Music
Is the "giant bird that's been carrying me" a reference to something?
The professor and the madman ending song
Is this music from 18 Again! (1988) inspired from Superman (1978)?
Year of release of "A meeting" by Alexey Rybnikov
Song heard in a Cuban nightclub ("Get yours girl!" ?)
Song played on piano in this video of a sleeping cat
70 jazz funk piano instrumental
First 45 not to feature a "second song"?
How has popular music singing evolved over the past 70 years to where it is now?
"Mein Herz Brennt" - Rammstein, what's the point?
What is the music which plays over the closing credits of Fleabag series 2 episode 2?
Why does Led Zeppelin have such a significant place in the rock'n'roll pantheon?
Identify soundtrack in WWE YouTube video
Why do people sometimes offer a double of a LP or EP?
Genre of ominous music used for anime cutscenes when the villain approaches
Indie 00s female singer, jazzy / indie folk song about moon
Was "Kiss" the result of Bob Cavallo telling Prince that "Under the Cherry Moon" needed a hit song?
Classical piece used as hold music on call to local GP
Mr. Blue Sky: does the opera tune heard at the end come from another song?
What genre would Fiction by Sumika (a japanese band) be categorized as?
Rap song with a guy with a (very) good voice but he's rapping/singing similar to rae sremm (swae lee and slim jxmmi) between 2015-2018
What is this smooth jazz song from around 1995 heard on radio, similar to Spyro Gyra?
Lyrics for Haşim & Gülistan Tokdemir - Şirinamın
Looking for 1960s song that sounds like the beggining of "Jerk it Out by The Ceasers". It was played America in Color documentary, 1960s Episode 33:15
What is this instrumental funk sample/breakbeat being sampled without credit?
What rock song is playing in the background of the video "Crossfit Expert" of Anabolic Horse?
How can the music at 1:20 of Ryoji Ikeda's 's superposition be classified?
What ghostly keyboard sound is used in *Emil Cioran: The Life of a Sage*
Looking for old song - heavy beat, techno-east indian?
Religious music - one note for extended period
Fast song in Victor Borge's "Page Turner" comedy routine
What is this song called just from this recorded melody?
Trance track with same chant sample
70's or 80's Sci-Fi themed animated video, what is it?
What does the song 'Helplessly Hoping' talk about?
Songs which have relations or parts of other songs
Latino hit song in Austria, similar to Aventura's "Obsession"
Animated 1980s music video
Locating "Lost with a Camel" by SFC Brian Malloy's 168th Signal Desert Outpost
What is the name of this piece that is played in several episodes of Pokémon the Series: Diamond and Pearl?
Classical strings piece in Maryna Viazovska - 4/6 Automorphic Forms and Optimization in Euclidean Space
What's the connection between Synthwave and Miami?
Which year had the most diffrent Chart songs
Whats the diffrence between unplugged and acoustic
Difference between Song and Qawwali?
Rap song in episode 4 season 2 of Fleabag? "Queen of the underground arrive in my stretch"
Jazz vinyl, possibly French, male and female singers, non-lexical vocables
What music is used in Grammarly's ad, "Are You Ready to Try Grammarly?"?
Borg vs McEnroe Song During Carson Interview
Song played by Nadeshot at the BMC Club in New Orleans
GMTK - "The Design of Dead Space" (Sountrack): genre?
I need help in finding a song called "Dominica"
The inspiration behind the song: What Have They Done To My Song, Ma
Alt rock band, "S____" 90s/00s, lead vocalist with long black hair
Need help remenbering. Lyrics with: "With my baby"
Does anyone know what artist this signature is from?
Anderson.Paak's 'Come Down' sampled Israeli anthem rendition or similar
Opera performances used as examples in a lecture
Recent, 70s retro song, "Save me"
about Soft Machine and Gong
Synyster Gates clip from "TOP 10 Guitarists with WEIRD Picking Techniques!"
Indian spiritual song similar to Donna, Donna
Who is the real songwriter of a song?
Identifying Song - Jincheng Zhang
What genre is "Figure 8" by C418?
Is there a record player that plays digital music upon needle placement?
What song is used in the gym scene in the movie BURNING (2018)?
Why did Gustav Mahler use the song "Frère Jacques" in the 3rd movement of his Symphony No. 1?
The True Story of the Internet: dot com bubble
Identify summer song somewhere between 2011 to 2013
Why did Pierre Boulez wear sunglasses while conducting?
What's the name of this bollywood song?
Upbeat country pop, currently popular among teens (2019), punchy guitar ending
Identify this song from "Happy!" Season 2
Classical Piano instrumental from recent American drama show
"Can keep on wind to go on and on..." minor key, female singer, heard in Starbucks
Company of Heroes 2 Main Theme | What is the music here based off of and where do I find more music like this?
Classical music database
What is the role of a distribution company?
Independent Artists Vs Signed artists with masters ownership
2Pac vs. The Notorious B.I.G. - objective comparisons
American music vs the rest of the world
Music video with constantly changing methods of transportation
Slow R&B Jam, "Take my hand, we will live our life together"
Song from FB post about Erika Linder
What did the Kinks make to get banned on the US?
How did Bon Scott die?
What is the origin of this (Gregorian?) chant/sample?
What kind of music plays in The Meet The Creator scenes?
What is the Genre of this Video Game music / what are similar songs?
Song used for "20+ Sensational Points That Will Impress You"
Why Manhattan and Berlin are mentioned in "First We Take Manhattan", of all cities in the world?
Song from the 60s-80s-ish?
What is the song playing in the beginning of the official trailer of Netflix's film, "Beats"?
Name of a duet with Rihanna where she's in a bathtub?
Source of accordion melody from "Vienna"
What wind instrument plays the intro to the orchestrated composition of this song?
Interlude Section in Deep Purple's "Burn" Sounds like Bach
90’s song, don’t remember much about the song
I can't find this song
Looking for spanish music video
what genre is this soundtrack? any similar tracks? (bending clarinet jazz swing)
Please Help me, what is this chinese old song?
Who is Johanna in this Joan Baez song - The Winds of the Old Days
Only studio track featuring both Hendrix and Clapton
What is the name of the girl in the beginning of Dante Thomas' song Miss California?
Need help on identifying a song in a Youtube Video
Classic 70s or 80s Love Song
Looking for this French music video
Many rock/metal songs from Trucks Gone Wild 2 DVD
10cc "I'm not in Love" - Unique inclusion of bystander's vocals?
Which band had the last music video before CGI effects?
Anyone know a musician who (at least at some point) looked like Captain N?
Why Ritchie Blackmore hated "When a Blind Man Cries"?
Company of Heroes 2 - British Forces Theme | What is the music here based off of and where do I find more music like this?
Weather Report song title - “Dara Factor One” - What is “DARA FACTOR”?
Can anyone identify two music themes played sometimes in England's cricket match?
Neil Young's inscrutable liner notes for "Cinnamon Girl"
Orthodox choir in French Riviera video (Rick Steves)
Slow and deliberate, hauntingly beautiful classical piece (identify from score)
Country music compilation with the song "Country roads"?
Why do Record Labels Limit Their Talent Pools by Country?
Identify individual songs within a long mix
Is there any similar backgroud music for this lyrics?
Why is Heilung so related to metal?
Does anybody know who sings reggae version of Melanie C's "Never Be the Same Again"?
Surf rock instrumental jam - possibly the Ventures?
Japanese song: "Watashiwa kunai..." Theme: "I like being alone"
Can Rush continue without Neil Peart?
Song with guitar riff similar to Blondie's Atomic
Why did Leonard Cohen laugh during the original First We Take Manhattan song but not in live shows?
Does Dylan reference Lee Harvey Oswald in "The Times They Are A-Changing"?
Identifying characteristics of film scores by James Newton Howard?
That one music from Just For Laughs Gags
What is the genre of Outlander Season 4 opening credits?
Song with video where a black man rescue a woman in a sci-fi setting
What are the lyrics to two songs covered by a 1998 Rock-n-Roll Elmo?
Genre with nasal, digitally processed sound
Sites for licensing of Meditation sounds and music
The two standard voices in Mexican music
The Spanish version of "Baby I'm for Real" by the Originals
Intro of Rob Watson Show
Does anyone know the name of this song?
Is there any relation between Pixies' "Where Is My Mind?" and Aliotta Haynes Jeremiah "Lake Shore Drive"?
Song identification with piano & bass sequence
Help needed deciphering lyrics of the song "Camera" by "A Witness"
music video where woman kidnaps and kills a guy
Music video with video from the 60s to 90s with animated drawings (robots …) on top, hiphop/funky?
What's with the abundance of black balloons in NF's videos?
Song in public service announcement from around 1973
Where does this mandolin come from?
What are the inefficiencies of Spotify?
Rainbow Six Siege US Nationals Stage 1 Trailer Music
Who is Louis Solito? (17 time Grammy Award winner)
Did John Williams not "orchestrate" the music for Harry Potter?
Instrument used in sound clip
Is there an app or site for discovering live music in my area but more for bands that are not so big and famous?
Who is the real artist behind this rock instrumental YouTube no copyright music?
What instrument is this, something stringed?
What is this song? A catchy riff
Can anyone please help me to identify the music from YouTube noisy video?
Barry White' song in which he begins saying "I remember when"
Instrumental clip from YouTube "Diamond Dislike" video
The Apprentice | Series 1 | Episode 9 Music Track Identify?
What is the source of this clause, often used to mark the completion of something?
New version or extended sampling of Grace - Not Over Yet?
What's the genre of this music?
Looking for a song that looped a small part of "everything is shady" by Ca$his
Trailer background music of 'Enter the Anime' on Netflix?
Esperanza Spalding arrangement similar to Frank Zappa's
Looking for the stage name for this pianist
I can't seem to find a piece that I have played a few notes of
How can I use music to increase productivity?
What's the song name that UK Voice puts in their video outs on YouTube?
Level 1 Background Music from *Circus Charlie* NES game
From where is this version of Status Quo's "Rockin' all over the World"?
instrumental music in 1st Che movie trailer
What is the piano song playing in the background of a YouTube video, titled "Ser contigo, no de ti - Alejandro Ordóñez"?
Help identifying brother/sister band?
Which was first "Stronger" or "Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger"?
what artist wrote the instrumental that jincheng zhang titled-Harvest?
Unknown classical track
What's this marching music, played during the Battle of Bronkhorstspruit in the 1968 movie Majuba?
Has anyone heard of the EDM genre "Trance Ragecore"?
Fringe – What is the real name of the Ending Theme?
Who were the models that portrayed the “Figure In Black” and the “War Pig” on the covers of the first 2 Black Sabbath albums?
How can I find online musicologists' analysis of individual Modernist pieces?
Music Video From Mid 2000s
What's the difference between synthwave and retrowave?
Theme from a classical ballet
A Sad-ish piano song
Name the genre for instrumental non-slow mixed-notes music
Synthpop disco song, retro 80s vibe, British accent, German name
Fast instrumental riff with a syncopated beat
Song used as part of Zumba event
what is the music playing in the background?
What does 'imagined ecstasy' mean?
What are the words spoken at the start of "I'll Do the Talking Tonight" song (Russian language)?
What's the official name for Vinyl singles printed on papery-like material?
What are some bands similar to, the swing revival band, Big Bad Voodoo Daddy? Since this a revival band, whom are this band imitating?
Kitchen Swagger playlist genre
Does anyone know the name of the background music from watchmojo?
Instrument from Tzen Tze Re Rei - Loli Cosmica
What song has "Goodbye" as lyrics refrain?
What music instrument is used for this song?
Piano song featured on many soundtracks, including "House"
Alphaville forever young cover version
Danish (?) lyrics for "All that Jazz" by Julie Steincke
Who is "Jack" in the phrase 'Jack the house'?
What classical pieces are references in Michael Kamen's orchestral score for Last Action Hero?
Movie scene about Dr. Dre discovering Eminem
Is hitech psytrance technically more like Industrial music then psytrance?
Songs from the Bulgarian Movie "The Sunny Beach"
What is this Russian song called?
What are the tabs of this song
What is the music at the end of "The Curly Shuffle?"
High School Chorus Sings on Airport Shuttle in Paris
History: Is there any evidence that reveals Friedrich Chopin was a Christian?
Classical strings - Nat Geo "How Stars Are Born"
"Everybody's talking 'bout how she looked at the party tonight" (possibly by Noah and the Whale)
Does "ATLiens" by Outkast sample Doom 2?
Can someone please help me find the name of this song?
What is the name of that song?
