What was the symbolism behind Tantalus's punishment?
Which mythologies had demigods?
What are the differences between fauns and satyrs?
Were there any other "Mythos Transfers", other than the Greek-Roman transfer?
What was the earliest werewolf myth?
What is the easiest way to become a god?
Were all the sons of Zeus brothers of all the godly sons and daughters of Zeus?
What happens to the Dwarves during Ragnarok?
Does anyone know of myths which are critical/skeptical of technology?
Did Frigg cheat on Odin?
Are there any good ancient examples for the monomyth?
Are the nodes of Greek mythology a major concept?
When were European and Asian dragons first associated?
Did the ancient Greeks believe the Olympians residence on Mt. Olympus to be a metaphor?
How many types of Nymphs were there?
What does this ear stud show in Chinese Mythology?
Why does Indian mythology not have humongous beasts like that of Chinese dragon?
In mythology, where and what was Atlantis?
Was there an epic or drama detailing Menelaus's return?
What is the connection of Egyptian mythology to Atlantis?
Are there any studies of the historic phenomenon of the chief god of a pantheon being replaced by the storm god?
What's The Best Source On Odin and Freya?
Where Can I Study Parallel Mythologies?
How many gods/goddesses are there in total in greek mythology?
Could someone tell me about good books about Hawaiian mythology?
Is there a mythological basis for the idea of a unicorn princess?
Can anyone identify what Chinese mythology creature this is?
What is the origin of Krampus?
Where did Mars live (what part of Rome)?
What was the first example of a "Only true love can awake" in folklore?
What is the earliest known myth about mermaids?
How rare is a dead god?
Did Huginn and Muninn have personalities?
How did the discoveries of the planets Neptune and Uranus affect astrology?
Are there any mythologic Gods, creatures or equipment that have "exponential" characteristics?
What is the moral of the myth of Icarus?
What exactly was in Pandora's Box?
Was Cerberus supposed to have only one "mind" (despite having three brains)?
Were the furies/erinyes of one accord?
Does any folklore of Pictish origin survive in Britain or Ireland?
Why was dissection taboo in Greek antiquity?
Was Apollo the sun god in Augustan Rome?
What is the oldest traditional children's game?
How old is the belief that spilling salt is unlucky and should be followed by throwing a pinch of salt over the shoulder?
Quote on Romulus and Theseus from André Gide in Les Nouvelles Nourritures
Is there a connection between the use of the metaphor "black dog" for depression and the black dog of British folklore?
Story of a man who slept in a tree and awoke to a plagued city
Have any cultures of N, NW or E Europe used symbols for warding off the "evil eye" that are related to ones used around the Mediterranean?
Was the Kali Yuga invented in the Kali Yuga?
How were the Welsh Triads used by the Welsh?
Are aakors mythological or copyrighted?
What changed in Greek culture to allow Herophilos to perform human dissections
Marine Human Hybrids
Were Argus's eyes gradual or all at once?
Trolls in Norway
How did the tone of Oedipus change with its retellings?
Was Helen of Troy in Egypt during the war?
What humanoid gods have had skin colors other than that of the people who worship them?
Who was the goddess, pregnant with Zeus' child or children, who was denied sanctuary?
Was Hermes originally mortal?
Is it Lucifer or Venus?
Are there any surviving depictions/descriptions of Geryon?
Why was Europe named after Europa?
What is the origin of the worship or deification of cows in India?
Was it Apollo or Helios?
Was Artemis a lesbian?
Are the Anunnaki mentioned in the Bible?
Looking for good information on Australian Aboriginal Mythology
What is the earliest source to claim that Zeus and Ganymede were lovers?
What is the earliest myth of the three Fates?
Which god holds a shepherd's crook?
Titans as four corners of the Earth?
Why do ettins have two heads?
How did the animosity between Loki and Heimdal start?
Why is salt used to get rid of ghosts and keep out demons?
Is there a myth that explains Senet's origins?
Who are the parents of Taweret?
How are Japanese emperors related to Amaterasu?
What are the earliest known origins of Sasquatches in Native American culture in the Americas?
How many heads did the Hydra originally have?
Could you look at Medusa's head through a distorted surface?
Are there any homosexual gods?
What cultures believe that the stars are other worlds/places?
How are wendigos/similar defeated?
Mythical Creatures associated with Bells
What is the family tree of the Sumerian gods?
Why is Gilgamesh considered to be one-third human and two-third god?
Who is the father of the Tuatha Dé Danann?
What is the folkloristic origin of cats having 9 lives?
How did the Trimurti come into power?
Are there any Asian variants of dying-and-rising god?
Is it possible to take back an oath on the River Styx?
Why are goats associated with Satan?
Why is the staff of medicine symbolised by Hermes's staff, Caduceus?
Is Zeus subject to the decrees of the Moirai?
Female representations of Satan
Wolf and snake chimera
Has Setne anything to do with Set?
Map of Guan Yu crossing 5 passes?
Where did the wood of Dodona come from?
What are the Anemoi's associations?
What do the abrahamic angels call God?
What happened to Theseus after Herakles found him?
Why are the "Fields of Reeds" the Egyptian paradise?
Who carried the bow and arrows of Hercules
Are angels ever depicted fighting in Abrahamic religious texts?
Are there any instances where the Egyptian gods are promiscuous?
Why did the sky exist when Ouranos was castrated?
What is the origin of the myth that witches burn in water?
Is "Viking mythology" the same as "Norse mythology"
Flood myth = Maritime Voyages & Colonization Interpretation?
Are there any gods who are in a different species than humans?
Mythologies with goddesses as the main deity?
Why is the meaning of Loki's name considered unclear?
Is there a specific bird that a harpie had under her human part?
How are the internal organs of centaurs arranged?
Are there any mythical creatures in Islam?
Do the gods Ameteratsu and Inari have any consorts?
What are the dates of the “Five Suns” in the Aztec calendar?
Is a runic manuscript of the Heimskringla realistic?
What was Jesus's original name?
Traditional beliefs regarding guardians of burial grounds
Who/what is Lilith?
Is there a legend or an explanation for the symbol of a swan with a woman's head?
How were the Orishas born?
How is Odudua the Orisha of Earth?
What does Elis Gruffydd mean by "the tenor of his songs"? What does this mean about Myrddin's father?
How did Princess Argyro lose her breast?
Fate of Norns and their web
What is the significance of the number of orishas?
Is there a world tree in Greek mythology?
Are there freely available texts of Geseriad in English?
Myths of the Bermuda Triangle and its validity
What is a Planetnik?
Do Muses govern the arts?
Who lives in Mount Olympus usually?
How did the Greeks imagine the palace of the Olympians?
How did Poseidon became lord of Helicon?
How old were Paris and Achilles at the time of the Trojan War?
Was Apollo the exact same in Greek and Roman mythology?
Griffin, Griffon, or Gryphon?
Why did the Trojans believe Cassandra's recognition of Paris?
What kind of snakes were the Gorgons' hair made of?
What are some examples of snakes as a source of knowledge in Greek mythology?
Why can't a vrykolakas cross the sea?
Are there parallels between Ymir/Auðumbla and Paul Bunyan and Babe the Blue Ox besides the obvious?
Is there a story on a goddess marrying a monster?
How do people become immortal as per Taoism?
How and why are Idunn and Tyr gods?
Is there any significance to Baile's Strand as the setting for Cúchulainn's duel with his son?
Mythologies with a warrior afterlife, similar to Valhalla?
What is original story of Fox Spirit/Nine tails fox in india's myth?
Where was the World Tree located?
How can a melusine manage to disguise their true appearance?
Why did the daughters of Hymir urinate in Njord's mouth?
Why do snake (serpent) and bull often come together as symbols of deities?
To what degree are depictions of Beggar So influenced by the immortal Li Tieguai?
Is there any reference to this story about Inari?
Mythological figures "with" REAL(?) amputation-like or paralysis features
Does Hercules have a tail?
Why wasn't Poseidon turned into stone?
Veda, Upanishad and the Physical Universe
To what degree is the villainization of Cao Cao a function of the Romance of the Three Kingdoms?
How big were the Nine Realms of Norse mythology?
Who was the ruler of the Japanese Yomi?
Odin's Counterpart
Does every culture have a deluge myth?
Did Odin Have A Relationship With Freya?
What does "distributing by lot" mean among Apollo's epithets?
Is there a god called Iob/Job/Yov?
Are there any instances where non-Greco-Roman goddesses fall in love with mortals?
Why is the story of Odin hanging from Yggdrasil so similar to that of Jesus on the cross?
What are the differences between the Greek Hestia and the Roman Vesta with regards to both mythology and worship?
What’s the origin of the Weird Sisters in Macbeth?
Is there a preferred, scholarly edition of the Gesta Danorum in English?
Prose Tristan: versions vs parts
Are there any similarities between the Deucalion/Pyrrha myth and Cadmus?
When did Lord Indra asked for Kawach-Kundal to Karna? It's before Kurukshetra war or in the mid of war?
How invincible was Achilles really?
Do legends originate from history?
Are there any children of Hades?
Did Loki give birth to a monster?
Myths of the Wind Impregnating Women
Sekhmet with the crown of Hathor?
What is the original creation myth of Hawaiian mythology?
How is Hina related to Maui in Hawaiian mythology?
Friday: the day of Frigg, or Freyja?
Greek/Latin mythology with two brothers who die as reward for hard labor
Are There Pagan Roots of Christmas Traditions?
How did the gods in the Slavic pantheon relate to each other?
Why do we call the pentagram a "star"?
Why do we kiss under the mistletoe?
Why do Ethiopians play gena on Christmas?
What is the source of the fable of Thor’s attempt to drink up a small spring?
Revenants in mythology of the British Isles?
Why are poinsettias associated with Christmas?
What Phoenician story could be the inspiration of the cosmic story of five Titanes?
What are the main differences of the Orphic theogonies?
Would the gods often take the form of another god?
What is the difference between folklore and fakelore?
What is the name of the lake in Frogs?
The Origin of Werewolf: Deities Cursing People into Animals?
Why was Baal Hammon identified with Cronus/Saturn?
Why was Dionysus, a dying and rising god, called thrice-born?
What's the earliest recorded story of a human woman giving birth to a monster?
What is the origin of the story that Santa Claus lives at the North Pole?
Why is the virgin goddess Artemis associated with childbirth?
Are there any Greek myths of a god permanently turning into a mortal as punishment?
How did Vayu the wind god start being associated with Vishnu?
What is the origin of horse brasses depicting sun, moon, star, and wheel?
Were the grottoes of the Mitcham Fair in South London really connected with the veneration of St. James of Compostela?
Do we know what stories Boios collected in Ornithogonia?
Who is Cleverman?
What are the historical sources for the Illuminati mythos?
Why is the Indian Dragon at war with the Elephant?
How rich was Croesus?
Why does Odin favour Sigi at the beginning of the Saga of the Völsungs?
Where is Sigi from?
What is the significance of the very long time Völsung spent in the womb?
Common theme that humans had longer lifespans before the flood?
What are the punishments for the seven deadly sins?
Where do satyrs and fauns come from?
Why did Ninḫursaĝa cure Enki?
Who was the Greek god Iudaios?
What was the role of the bear in Norse mythology? (Are there bears in Asgard?)
Why was Loki bound, really?
How is Wonder Woman related to the Amazons of Greek Mythology and Atlantis?
Are Norse flytings the spiritual forebearer of the modern rap battle?
Is Baphomet more closely associated with Satanism or the Templars?
Examples of female agency in the Norse tradition
What is the good and the evil in the Pandora's Box story?
Who is Völsung's mother?
Are there any myths of little girls with the head of a wolf?
Did Odin heal Sinfjotli?
Who are the twelve Olympian gods?
Who is the boatman that took away Sinfjotli's corpse?
Why there are graphic depictions of sexual acts in some Hindu temples?
Eros Has Two (or More) Mommies. Is there a "right" one?
Humans' missing piece myth identification
Virgin goddesses outside of the Greek and Roman traditions?
Does Pippi Longstocking have mythological roots?
What are the functions of Giantesses in the Norse Mythology and Folklore?
Why is Diana a Huntress?
Why did Odin forsake Sigmund?
Why did Dudo consider the Greeks to be the ancestors of the Danes?
Why is Lucifer three-faced?
Is Satan a seraph or a cherub?
Suicide in the Sagas?
How did the Assyrians imagine the underworld?
Why are cows sacred in India?
Did Ragnarök influence the Apocalypse of John?
Why was Astyanax thrown from the wall?
Why is Odin called the Allfather?
How large were Norse dragons?
Why does Sigurd reveal himself to Fafnir?
Why does Dante spend so much time in Malebolge?
Why did Brynhild disobey Odin?
Have runes ever been used to bring someone back to life?
Which age do we live in, according to Hesiod?
Why did Ovid omit the Heroic Age?
Who is the Greek king Brynhild fought?
What is the inspiration behind the dark forest in Dante?
Was divination a job reserved to women?
Can Thor fly in Norse mythology?
Is Ravana's true intent to be slain by Rama?
What are the major branches of Mesopotamian mythology?
What deities/creatures personify the universe in the aspect that it manifests as varied duplexity (that serve the same symbolic function as Yin/Yang)?
Goods reads about Herakles/Hercules twelve labors?
Are there any deities that personify realms other than the earth or sky?
Did the Moirai (3 Fates) also control lovers destiny or was that the responsibility of another deity?
Surely hope being left in Pandora's Box means that there is no true hope in the world?
Is there any Norse mythological figure associated with victory?
Can the unbreakable lid specifically in the Work and Days version of Pandora be taken as a metaphor?
The repertoire of the Sphinx
Did the Sami affect Norse mythology?
Why does Horagalles have a nail on his head?
Why is it believed that characters from the Irish myth cycles were once gods?
How are bears associated with the world of dreams?
What power does Hera have over Zeus?
Why is Hera queen of the gods?
Why does the river Styx have power over the Olympians?
Are there well known folktales involving Norse Gods?
Why is Indra supplanted as chief God?
What is the origin of the Vanir?
Is "The Secret of Roan Inish" derived from a specific myth?
Why does Cuchulainn lash himself to a standing stone with his guts?
Why does Hercules light himself on fire?
What difference does a different translation make?
Are there any stories which are about a species that is neither human nor divine?
Why are Dido and Cleopatra in the second circle of Hell?
What is Clytemnestra's dowry? How does it compare to Helen's?
Why did Freyja have first pick?
Did any Greek mythological hero father a son who surpassed him in fame?
Uses of encoding and ciphers in Mythology
Zeno's influence on the conception of the Hydra?
How are Ra's three forms different from each other?
What is the meaning of Hercules' self-immolation?
Were events from the sagas or eddas ever used a precedents at medieval Althings?
What are the oldest extant influential mythology inspired books (mainly Eastern)?
Was Hallmund's daughter a troll or half-troll?
Is the apocalypse prophesied by Hesiod mentioned elsewhere?
Are there Christian influences in the Dionysiaca?
Where did the various artistic depictions of the Chimera originate?
Are there stories of a hero or god fighting off old age?
Odysseus raid on the Cicones at Ismaros (Odyssey Book 9 lines 40-66)
First appearance of the Delphi Oracle in Greek myths
Why do so many cultures have monsters that prey on families?
In what groups of twelve gods did Hebe, Helios, Selene, Eos, Eros and Persephone appear?
Is Chronos Kronos?
In the battle between the Olympians and the Titans, how could any of them defeat the other one?
How could Heracles ensure the victory of the Olympians against the Titans if he was born mortal?
How are Taweret and Nephthys related?
Is Baba Yaga always the antagonist, or sometimes the protagonist?
Characteristics, associations, or icons pertaining to Zoroastrian demons?
Help me identify this damsel-in-distress tale
Destruction of the universe by fire in the Ancient Greek canon?
What is the source work for Cadmus visiting Delphi?
Are Artemis and Bendis the same?
Are there any groups similar to the muses in other religions?
Why is Milton invoking Urania?
Is it Lady Chaos or Lord Chaos
What happened to Prometheus after Hercules freed him?
Maruti, is this the name of Lord Hanuman or his mother Or both?
Cows as symbols of Wisdom
Why did Hercules murder his first wife?
Are there any deities whose roles had been greatly diminished by the Greek pantheon?
Is there any significance to the forms Zeus took?
Are there any females who have many consorts but are still celebrated?
A mythical/legendary/demonic creature that steals talents or abilities
Elves and Dwarves in Norse Mythology
Sirens of Thassos ... looking for sources
Why is Odin the patron of outcasts?
Which gods have been killed in their myths?
Are there any good Jungian studies of Irish myth ( not generic 'Celtic')?
Where does it says that snakes can kill birds by looking at their shadow?
Why is there confusion about what the Sampo from the Kalevala is?
What's the purpose of seminal fluid in mythology?
Why was the Worship of Zeus and his kin banned?
Are there any saints or heroes in mythology who ally with death?
Are all Celtic Gods (Irish, Welsh, Scottish, and British) considered part of the same pantheon?
Does the study of mythology find evidence of Jung's "Universal Psychic Structure?"
Does the phrase "Zeus Pater" appear in ancient Greek sources?
Who's afraid of steel? Is iron different?
Rune Identification needed for tattoo
Did Greeks and Romans allow for belief in only some of their gods?
Why did Beowulf order to leave his sword to Unferth?
What's a good source on Fairies online?
Have any dragons in mythology been able to breathe fire underwater?
Can succubus be loyal to her lover?
What mythology is the story of Alduin The World Eater and The Dragonborn (as seen in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim) based on?
Can the Greek Gods Be "Killed"?
Why does the astrology sign for cancer seem to represent a yin and yang?
Meaning and usage of Grimnir?
Of whom was the Trojan Palladium supposed to be an image?
Were Ancient Europeans religious?
Who and what are the winged "faries" that feature in fairytale?
What is the name of Brokkr's forge in Norse mythology?
Objects, substances or entities that compel or discern truth in traditional mythological canons?
Are there any other mythology with female warriors like Durga from the Hindu Mythology?
How far does the classical model remain a template for heroism in the modern world?
What do the "runes" on this pendant say?
Why didn’t Zeus withhold fire from humans the second time?
Is there a real myth behind Michael Moorcock story about these Kwll and Rhynn?
Citations for Fragarach in Irish Mythology?
Does Baba Yaga ever desire the heart of Koschei the Deathless?
Is Ostara related to Astraea?
If Athena was born from Zeus' brain, does this mean Athena is a manifestation of Zeus' intelligence?
What is the exact type of coin that Charon accepts for a ferry to the Underworld?
Is there a Sami legend of a Shaman using human body parts to ward off demons?
Roman - exactly what did they think the Sun was?
Why does Atlas care about the golden apples?
Do the apples of the Hesperides grant immortality?
According to Biblical account, why fallen angels' offspring are giants? Or are they egg-born?
What is Sobek's place in the Egyptian pantheon?
What does Nausicaa symbolize in the Odyssey?
How was the world tree Yggdrasil created?
Why is Athena "gray eyed"?
How did Christianity come to equate the place of punishment and the place of demons?
How is Diomedes distinct among the other two "ultimate warriors" of the Achaeans?
What do all the treasures Sun Wukong got from the Dragon Kings do?
Was Ymir ever awake?
How does the Christian Hell come to be called Hell? Is it related to the Norse Hel?
Which Celtic god is the equivalent of the Roman Dis Pater?
How does the Devil come to be horned?
Story of Dionysus being slaughtered as a bull-calf and eaten by the Titans?
Is the "half-goddess" Hel distinct among mythical rulers of the underworld?
Why is the helhest three-legged?
How did dragons get their wings?
What is considered the most authentic illustration of Yggdrasil?
Do leprechauns derive their power from gold?
Hugin and Muninn in runes
Which Greek or Roman deities have dominion over Time?
Famous treasure related with the Norse gods?
What sources describe the rivers of the Underworld?
What is the mythological significance/symbolism of oxen?
Most gods in Egyptian pantheons are with animal faces?
How do you say and write "Question" in Norse?
What is the difference between Ra and Horus?
When and how did gigantic size become an attribute of the Titans?
Did the vikings/medieval Scandinavians actually worship Odin, Thor, etc?
Is there an authoritative compendium of Greek mythology?
How to reconcile the size differential between giants and non-giants in Norse mythology?
Is there any librarian god?
Have Adam and Eve ever eaten the fruit from Tree of Life?
Use of the terms "Dīs" and "Orcus" in the Aeneid
Hoenir in Tolkien's writing
Are there any stories that present solar eclipses as a good sign?
What information medium are the Norns writing on?
Achilles and his gold?
How to interpret Roger Lancelyn Green's writing on mythology?
Is there a 'Messenger of the Gods' figure in Egyptian mythology?
Why is Thor's chariot pulled by goats?
What are some good sources for understanding about the Kleevauks?
What is the symbolism behind Psyche's tasks?
Why do Native Americans think photographs steals their souls?
How long was the voyage of the Argonauts?
Hittite story similar to the story of Jason and Medea?
Why did the gods demand Iphigenia's sacrifice?
Why would Aphrodite be armed?
Why is the Loch Ness monster all the way from Scotland draw so many parallels with the Hawkesbury river monster?
What legends inspired Cleverman's Hairypeople?
What are some examples of ten-year-long cycles?
Was the rule of Zeus ever challenged?
How does Australian Aboriginal totemism compare to its Native American parallels?
What culture does this duality symbol belong to?
Who are the seven kings mentioned in the book of Revelation?
Which gods were in Mikael Agricola's list?
What is the origin of the centaurs?
What is sympathetic magic?
Did the power of Zeus grow considerably after the Titanomachy?
Cows adapted to life on a steep hillside
Who was the swift woman from from Irish Mythology described as having backward knees?
Are there any elf like creatures in non-European folklore?
Why did Heracles transform into a fawn, during the gods flight to Egypt?
What creatures aren't from mythology and just J.R.R Tolkien's world?
Is there a relationship between the Dreamtime and dreaming?
Who are the twelve Egyptian gods?
Why does archaic mythic literature undercut its own pretensions to explain origins?
Why were the lungs left inside the mummy of Herakleides, instead of the heart?
Who are the twenty four elders in Revelation?
Why is Dante using Geryon as a symbol of fraud?
Why does the Yara-ma-yha-who live on fig trees?
What is Thardid Jimbo's story?
Do vegetation deities tend to be connected with the Moon?
In what ways did the Rus worship their gods?
What items are necessary for a mortal to travel safely in the underworld?
Narratives in Haitian (or other) Vodou?
What do we know of the Willauk, the Tebwem and the Pioial?
Stories of living people that journeyed into the underworld and back?
Who had a "sister wife" in Greek mythology?
Why does Medea escape punishment?
Alternative to Tower of Babel explanations for linguistic diversity
Who or what are the seven spirits of God in Revelation?
What do we know about the pagan gods in the Apocalypse of Abraham?
Is there a reason for the specificity of Abraham's sacrifice?
Who is the man in the Apocalypse of Abraham?
What are the "beasts of the earth" in the fourth seal of Revelation?
What is the story of Dionysus' shipwreck?
Did the gods think Poseidōn's vengeance on Odysseus was just excessive, or entirely unfair?
Why is the left-hand path in regards to Baphomet associated with the female side?
How common is a vertical many-layered cosmos in world mythology? Do any mythologies particularly emphasize this structure?
Why is Plato singling out Hestia, Zeus and Athena in Laws?
Is there a story that places the Amazons against Ares?
Why is there silence in Heaven after the seventh seal is opened?
Why did Christians, who take a huge part of their Bible from Jews, not have to follow the same rules as Jews?
How did Pan die?
Why is Gilgamesh 1/3 a man, 2/3 a god?
Is it Heracles or Herakles?
Are there any deities or mythological beasts inspired by snow leopards?
If the Hero is Ego-driven, but what is the Self/Soul?
What characteristics of the Māori gods explain the shape of their "godsticks"?
Fenrir vs Odin. Did he die?
Who is the woman "clothed with the sun" in Revelation?
Why did humanizing Enkidu take a work of a prostitute and not of an ordinary woman?
Anyone know what this symbol means?
What or who is Igidallru?
Does Hel have a role in Ragnarok?
What happens to dryads when their tree is destroyed?
What is the significance of the kinds of wood used in sweat lodges?
How does one become a skin-walker?
Were any gods in mythology shown to have aged?
Why can't vampires walk in the sun?
What were the origins of the Santa Lucia processions in Sweden featuring candle-wearing Lucia and the cone-capped star boys?
Seven Sages of Japan
Could the weapons of the gods be used against them?
Are Krishna and Hermes related?
Why is the trickster such a popular motif?
Why did Ishullanu refuse to make love to Ishtar?
Who was the Erlking?
Why do we dress up to celebrate Halloween?
Is there a tale of Zeus having sex with a deer?
Why do we "trick or treat" on Halloween?
Is there an Egyptian Old Man of the Sea?
Was Orion, the huntsman, gay?
Is there a Maori legend about a demon's heart at the bottom of a lake?
Tales of bats as witches' familiars?
What kind of cats pulled Freya's chariot?
How do Dionysus and Jesus relate?
Do Mithras, Osiris, Adonis, and Dionysus share a December 25 birthday?
Could Achilles have killed Hector at a later time?
How can a human invite or summon a fairy lover?
Why did Rumpelstiltskin want the baby?
Crystal taped to radiator?
Why is the constellation Capricornus depicted as a sea-goat?
Storybooks about Japanese Mythology?
How is Hermes linked to Odin?
What minor gods are linked to Demeter?
How would a body be prepared for the Greek afterlife?
Parallels between Hecate and the Devil?
What are the special powers of a unicorn's horn?
Are there religions with no concept of afterlife?
How did the Old Norse conceptualize the parts of the self? Are these translations accurate?
Is it true that Norse mythology gods are almost the same as mortals without their weapons?
Who did Zeus punish by having poison/acid dripped on them?
Why is Aether shown battling a lion-headed giant?
What/Which minor gods/spirits are associated with Dionysus?
Did the Trojans worship the gods by their Greek or Roman names?
Did Achilles suspect he might die by Hector's hands?
What are all the triads of Greek mythology?
Why did Loki want Baldur dead?
Does Thor's strength confer a degree of physical invulnerability?
What animals were represented in gods in ancient Egypt?
Searching for a deity of water and fire?
Does the Christian bible forbid marriage out of Christianity?
Are there any monkey gods in Africa?
Was Saturn a person or god among the early Romans?
What is known about A’ani, the ancient Egyptian God of Equilibrium?
What is the nature of Athena's relationship to the Furies?
Are there any ancient myths about human body parts said to be benefical or detrimental when eaten?
Why is silver in particular effective against dark creatures like vampires?
Are there stories on gods turning into mortals, or losing immortality?
What treasure was made by famous mortal men, who we know by name, in Greek mythology?
Are there any pre-Philostratus accounts of Apollonius of Tyana?
What is the Norse equivalent to the Great Flood?
Was the moon god Libulan resurrected?
Slavic mythology, human-animal hybrid creature
Does Hel have any relationship to bees?
Japanese Trickster Demons
Why should glass harm a fext?
Why should odd things hurt mythical beings?
Is there a common theme of dragon meat being toxic?
Is there a source for Māui pushing up the sky because he saw that humans were suffering?
Did Papahānaumoku die?
Benevolent king gives greatest gift: yourself/himself
How did Odysseus's ship get wrecked, and how did Odysseus himself land to Ogygia?
What are the origins of the snowman?
Regarding Centaur's myth and etymology
Arthurian legend English and French sources
Have any "New Age movements" worshiped solar eclipses?
Has the mind's eye always been seen as residing in the head?
The concept that scripture is made to adapt to changes of society, technology, and language
Is the Cumaean Sybil known by any other name?
Dionysus sacrifice for humanity
What did Achilles look like?
Was Chernobog evil, before Christians?
Omitted Books from Le Morte d'Arthur
Are there any close analogues to the Fairy King & Queen Titania and Oberon, in Indian/Hindu mythology?
Are there any beasts/creatures that "feed on" grief or regrets?
Are there any four-armed deities or creatures in the Greek or Roman pantheons?
The Amazons, for research
Were Greek deities omniscient, like the God of Abrahamic faiths?
Is there a Greek god/goddess of freedom?
Anglo-Saxon and Faeries
Is there a myth that dolphins were humans who chose to return to the sea?
Are there any four-armed creatures in any pantheon?
Is Greek mythology derivative of/influence by Ugartic/Canaanite mythology?
What gods were there that dealt with games?
What is the original version of "Little Red Riding Hood"?
Are the Memphis and Heliopolis cosmogonies competing or reconciliatory?
Why did the primordial deities not take an active role in Greek mythology?
Does Baba Yaga drink blue rose tea to reverse ageing?
Why was Nekhbet depicted as a vulture?
What are some iconic legends of human depravity and spiritual pollution?
How did Atenism explain night-time?
Origin of "horses that instinctively open a vein with their teeth in order to breathe more freely"
When did the Cross of Saint Peter start being used as a Satanic symbol?
Why did mankind rebel against Ra?
Are there any established religions that explicitly support homosexuality?
What is the source of Leif Ericson's encounter with sasquatch?
What do we know about the ram-headed deities helping Shu support Nut in the Greenfield Papyrus?
Why does Shamash help the trapper rather than Enkidu?
The Enchantress and the blue rose tree
Earliest legend of someone being turned into an animal/monster?
Why is Heracles in the Underworld?
Books analysing Norse mythology (specifically Odin)?
What is the significance of the three stars in Ruben's Saturn painting?
Why did Hades let Heracles rescue Theseus?
Why does Hector accept Achilles' challenge?
What type of god is Semargl?
What is the meaning of this rune/symbol?
When does a religion become mythology?
How is folklore different from mythology?
What does mytheme mean?
Why doesn't Sisyphus try to escape?
How many different shapes do jötnar come in?
How were children of Oceanus king and queen?
If the Trojans had a different language than the Achaeans, does this mean they spoke the same as Queen Dido?
Do the Egyptian gods bleed?
Is there a connection between Odin or Zeus and the Christian God?
What are the 365 virtues?
What is the Japanese human origin myth?
What is the source of the story of Hades trapping Pirithous and Theseus in the Chairs of Forgetfulness?
What kind of offerings did worshipers make to Thor?
Who was the spirit entity who Solomon commanded to help build the temple?
What is the earliest known instance of "When Shepherds Washed their Socks by Night", the children's version of the Christmas carol?
Earliest recorded instance and geographical spread of the idea that banging your head on your pillow N times can ensure that you wake up at N o'clock?
What are the origin and geographical spread of the belief that a girl or woman should not wash her hair when she is menstruating?
What is the provenance of the reindeer antlers that are used in the Abbots Bromley horn dance?
Historic-geographic spread and variations of the children's rhyme "My friend Billy had a 10-foot willy"
Who was Scathach and Aoife?
What is the world's oldest joke?
Did Greeks bow to their gods?
Identifying the places in the Odyssey
Why are some daemons not labeled as gods?
Why does Ino help Odysseus?
What do we know about the winged male figures representing the souls of warriors in the weighing of souls?
What is the earliest ghost story we know of?
What is the story of Madonna Oriente?
What is the earliest story of summoning the dead we know of?
Do humans become angels when they die?
When and why did necromancy became a bad thing?
Could japanese Oni integrate into human civilization?
How Do The Fairies In Irish Mythology Spend Their Time
Is Homer a good overview, or an encompassing view, of Greek Mythology?
Where did the notion the moon was made of cheese originate?
What is the oldest known appearance of clairvoyance or telepathy in myth or folklore?
Babylonian, Sumerian or Mesopotamian
Does the Abrahamic God smite people with lightning?
When did wings become an attribute to these creatures?
What's the origin of “vampires must be invited”?
Are there any dwarf gods in history?
Is there a Japanese equivalent to the three fates?
How did Agamemnon win the hand of Helen for his brother?
What does this pendant/symbol mean?
The interruption of the duel in the Iliad
Did the manticore always have a human head?
When did Zeus get the aegis?
Is Odin Thor's father?
Humans and Ages of Man
Aoife and Cu Chulainn
Where does the idea that dragons hoard gold come from?
Pre-Tolkien Orcs in myths or folklore?
What is the oldest known story from the Paleolithic or Mesolithic, if any are known?
What is the meaning of the apparently runic symbol carved on (former Nazi agriculture minister and SS officer) Walther Darré's grave?
How old is the legend that the insulting "V" sign was first used at or with reference to the Battle of Agincourt?
What are the origins of the "okay" hand signal?
How were titans viewed by ancient Greeks?
Who makes ambrosia?
Did the inhabitants of the ancient Near East believe in an ocean in the sky?
Did the Greeks have an offering of blood, wine and milk, similar to the Cretan one?
What is the earliest known instance of the nursery rhyme "The House that Jack Built"?
Why do we wear green on St. Patrick's Day and get pinched if we don't?
Who is Aura's mother?
What is the earliest known appearance of a hero's greatgrandparent in folklore?
Why did the Trojans accept Paris back?
What is conveyed or connoted in the story that St Patrick banished snakes from Ireland, when in his time Ireland had no snakes?
Who was the man whom Athena, Greek goddess of Wisdom, gave the gift of prophecy, and from whom did Athena, Greek goddess of Wisdom, learn it from?
Is it possible that the Heracles myths are a compilation of stories from multiple cultures?
Do the gods know when they are being watched, or their name said?
Do mongols have something like a werewolf?
What cursed items are there in Greek mythology?
Why did Izanami speaking first cause her and Izanagi bad luck with procreation?
Who says Abraxas is a prince of hell?
How does one get purified of murder in Greek mythology?
Hades, in Greek Mythology, was he really a bad guy, or just a hard to understand God?
How many lost continents are in Mythology?
Was hero worship the same as god worship?
Who visited the underworld or summoned ghosts and why?
What are Hera's favorite cities?
Where do Easter eggs come from?
Did Yggdrassil exist before the world's creation
Why is easter called 'easter'?
Why would Athena fear Poseidon?
What is the mythological status of the 'goethia' demons?
Did anyone make it to the Isles of the Blessed?
Why is Asclepius said to have been a god when he was killed?
Who/What parented the Stymphalian birds?
Is Chiron older or younger than the Olympians?
Confusion regarding the telling of a chess game in the Völuspá (Ragnarök aftermath)
How powerful were Greek gods without their items?
What do we know about Dreg the dragon proper?
Why was Adonis allowed to leave the Underworld?
Poseidon has two wives when/why/how?
Were shaggy dog stories known before they got that name?
Does Gaeuko, Guardian of the Night in Basque mythology, connect with the notion of "upperness" or "superiority" denoted by the Basque word "goiko"?
In what mythologies other than the Basque are the Sun and Moon both female?
Are there any desertification myths?
Where does Poseidon get called the God of Kin?
Goddesses Who Give Birth Without Pain
Who is Er kishi in Mongol mythology?
Did Hephaestus and Aphrodite get divorced?
Does Hades's Helm of Darkness appear anywhere else in Mythology?
How long was Theseus in the Underworld?
What's the difference between a giant and the "nephilim"?
What are the origins of April Fools' Day?
Which current cultures have April Fools' Day on 1 April?
Why wouldn't Zeus give Aphrodite to Ares when he was the obvious choice?
How did Homer describe Mycenae?
Why thank the person who is cutting out your heart?
Are all monsters children of gods/Titans/primordials?
What is the story of the Rape of Hera?
What is the story of Eurymedon, the giant king who brought destruction on his people?
What connects the Welsh and English Gogmagog with the Hebrew Gog and Magog?
Why did Vishnu rape Vrinda?
Which gods were Odysseus and Penelope directly descended from?
Has Athena, Greek goddess of Wisdom, ever lost?
Was Rumplestiltskin intended as a Jewish caricature?
A battle between Maximo and Digenis in Greek Folklore
How did so many cultures come up with their own swastika?
Are dragons intelligent?
What talismans bring good luck in different folklore?
How are domovye (domestic spirits) experienced in Russian flats (apartments)?
Who said Hermes helped Hades?
Did the Babylonians, Norse Vikings, Japanese or Greeks have a concept of a soulmate?
When did Mythology start?
Which cultures worship boars?
Was King Polydectes the last petrified by Medusa?
What is needed to make a Philosopher's Stone?
Is it said what kind of tree it is?
Why is Odin called the Wanderer?
Demigods in Norse Mythology?
Why is Chhinnamasta called The self-decapitated Goddess?
When are the flood myths in mythologies?
Contribution of ancient Greek pottery to mythology studies
What more is known of Iapyx?
What was Apollo's reason for siding with the Trojans?
What was Athena's punishment for her involvement in a plot against Zeus?
What pagan or folk customs and beliefs relate to Pentecost (Whitsun)?
When were "air quotes" first used?
Why did Hera tell Dryope to kidnap Hylas?
What does Hesiod mean by "babies will be born with gray hair" in the Iron Age?
Which version of the Ariadne Myth was written/told first?
Are there any love stories in Greek myth that don't have one or both dying?
What is the Myth that had Shakespeare inspired to write Romeo and Juliet?
Did tales about a house made of sweets predate Hansel and Gretel?
Who wrote about gorgon's blood?
Who was Thalia's mother?
Original Myth and translation of Hades asking to kidnap Persephone
Which cultures have the concept of a "true" or "secret name?"
Are there any other Greek gods/goddesses that actually remained loyal to their counterpart?
Who came to Troy?
Human become Kami in death if they possess the qualities of Kami in life. Kami have both good and evil qualities. What does this mean?
What themes can be found throughout most mythologies? (Flood, Apocalypse, etc)
Is there a myth were Heracles chooses duty over pleasure?
What was the origin of the nursery rhyme "Don't care was made to care"?
Was it believed that nymphs were present in every river?
Who was served his own children cut into pieces?
Link between mythological Czernobog and his hammer
Mother Earth or Father Earth?
Japanese god of tea
How did Hades get Kerberos?
What gods were given offering in all Slavic nations?
Why is Atabey specifically the goddess/spirit of horizontal water?
What is the origin of the legend that Jesus visited what are now Cornwall and Somerset in England?
How were sun-showers viewed?
Why are the domains of sexuality and fertility commonly associated with battle & war?
Does Angela Merkel's use of her distinctive "diamond" hand gesture have any folk-historical or other oral-traditional background?
What is the difference between a phantom and a ghost?
What is the origin of the 'Light' as a ghost?
What is the origin of the story that kefir grains were given to Orthodox Christians in the Northern Caucasus by the Prophet Mohammed?
Is Zeus ever referred to as Earthshaker?
Why are the three Judges of the Underworld Zeus's sons?
When was the pool of Mnemosyne first mentioned as part of the Underworld waters?
Are there any myths where a woman dies in childbirth?
Are there any female heroines in Shinto mythology?
What else was done to Amaterasu?
When has Zeus shown wisdom?
What is the meaning behind Amaterasu-ōmikami meaning what it does?
Are Minos and the Minotaur duplication of the same figure?
Relationship of Mithra and Varuna
Does anyone else sample the food of the Underworld?
Is it a tapestry or a scroll?
What were author's explanation for Oedipus solving the more ancient of the riddles?
Who kept the Cumaean Sybil in a jar (ampulla)?
What were the magical powers of Freya's necklace Brísingamen?
How does Philomela get the tapestry to Procne?
Does hubris have an opposite?
What deities did only one city/state recognize?
Does Scotland have any discrete mythology not shared by other nations?
Where are there female centaurs in mythology?
Human and fox offspring in Shinto?
Where does the folk tradition of the Easter Bunny come from?
Is there a difference between a gold fur and a white fur kitsune?
Are there unique names for the different types of Kitsune?
What is the extent of control over a kitsune?
Why 1000 years and not 900 or 800 years for kitsune to ascend to heaven?
Do fox-wives have to give birth under a tree?
Can kitsune die/be killed?
When was the first known account of the Tooth Fairy?
What is the significance of soy beans in the Japanese custom of Setsubun?
What does Ulysses Pidytes of Percote mean?
Gods from different cultures accepted in the same universe?
Persian Zeus in Xenophon's Cyropaedia
What kind of dog breed would Cerberus be?
If an angel can fall, can a demon rise?
Comparative Mythology: What stories have very clear similarities?
How did Aphrodite even help the Trojans during the Trojan war?
Have Humans ever gone to war against Gods or Entities before?
Why did Zeus take half the goodness out of a man?
Why do ghosts mess with electricity?
What started the flood in Sumerian Mythology?
Cultural association between directions and colors
If the ox tiger is an unlucky direction, why build an entrance to it?
How did Perseus die?
Vampires in Religious texts
What is an Half Angel Half Demon?
The root of ice giants in Germanic mythology
The meaning of Ragnarök for the Germanic peoples
Language spoken during times of Ramayana and Mahabharata
What kinds of love do individual Greek gods represent?
Trying to find out the meaning of my birthmark
Why does Perseus carry a sickle instead of a sword?
Is there a complete list of Abrahamic texts?
Why was it important that the cattle have 'never yet felt the goad?'
Who is the goddess Kalligeneia?
Mythological Beings taking on Insect/Arthropod Form
Was there a hell or place of suffering after death in Norse mythology?
What is the fight between Odysseus and Achilles?
Who is Mother Weather, to which some people refer in their essays or posts?
Why did druidesses vow perpetual virginity?
What is the origin, mythical or historical, of the idea that having sex with a god grants power?
Do gods know all other gods?
What did Odysseus and his men do to err Athena?
How were trolls created in Norse mythology?
Looking for a mythological flying creatures that has saved human life
Norse mythology book by neil gaiman
How can gods hide themselves from other god's gaze?
How are Norse and Celtic mythology related?
What animal did Demeter transform into?
When was a pair of Greek and Roman gods first identified?
1001 Nights - Movie faithful to the outer story?
Why are mermaids naked?
Where is the Ancient Greek belief of Pre-Existence referenced?
Whence comes the association of Leprechauns with rainbows?
What is the folkloric origin of "el príncipe azul"?
Which ancient hero is most associated with confronting the unknown?
Where does the personification of the River Thames as Old Father Thames originate?
How did Aphrodite's promise of Helen to Paris work?
Looking for a character's name
What scripture describes humans as being morally superior to angels?
Norse god/goddess of law or justice
Sami tale where the fox is left as sole speaker of human language
European folkloric references to "cold iron" as a ward against supernatural entities?
What do you call a human who can take energy from other living objects?
Djinn and devils/demons question
Metis' unborn son
Sasquatch time question
What is this symbol on my necklace?
Is there a specific term in Norse mythology for Odin's self-sacrifice?
Can Vampires Take Form of Nocturnal Animals?
What's the best way to go about researching obscure mythologies?
Why was Odysseus needed for killing the suitors in the Odyssey?
Where does Marsilio Ficino write that all nations refer to God with a four-letter name?
A rock on a beach
Zombies and stopping them?
Is Phoebus an alternate name for Apollo or is a description of Apollo?
What do we know about Apollo Maleatas?
What were medieval European myths about redheads?
What are the runes for "[name] carved this runes"?
Indus valley or Harrapan civilization myths/beliefs
Did a pagan cult remove the gallbladder of animals before sacrificing them?
Was it an option for the Trojans to give Helen back? Why didn't they?
Are there Evil Sybils or Diviners in Greco-Roman Tradition?
Are Canaanite Goddesses Associated with Pigs?
Snakes shape shifting to human form after they turn 100
What is the creation story of Taweret?
Dating the Battle of Ten Kings relative to the Ramayana and Mahabharata
Any ancient myths/folklore/tales/etc. about extraterrestrial voyages/people/beings?
Greek or Roman equivalent of Bible
Original Celtic, Old English, Old Norse, or Gothic Texts Online
If any Ancient Egyptian Texts exist as Hieroglyphics in Online Documents
Is there a kind giant named Hagrid Rubes in Greek mythology?
The Atlas Continuity Issue
Original Southeast Asian or Polynesian Literature (as Computer Readable Text) Online
Planctae vs. Symplegades
How did Hercules kill the lion without being clawed to death?
Folktales or Fairy Tales in Native Language (if any exist anywhere)
Did Zeus give Pandora the box?
Is it Liberty or Columbia depicted in John Gast's "American Progress"?
Did ancient Egypt use the abbreviation IHS for "Isis, Horus, and Seb"?
How did you survive my 100-step punch?
Is Loki a Eldþursar?
What are the supernatural properties of gold in mythology and folklore?
What is the historical origin of Medusa?
Where to find myths about the origin of civilization?
What are some references to Mathonwy in Welsh legends?
Who is Kali and where did he come from?
A unified understanding and description of a "spirit"?
Stories of areas/buildings/objects that disappear and reappear during fixed intervals?
According to Hindu Mythology, why do people produce smoke, light and ring the bell?
How Zeus became king of the gods?
Why was Tenes made king?
Could it be the the Dendera Zodiak is a Glyphed description of the Egyptian Book of the Dead?
Could loin cloths be considered as a 1:1 unique item for trolls?
What is the origin of the akhlut's name?
What color is ichor in greek mythology?
Does Odin have fish to tell him what goes on in the seas?
How can I find the meanings of certain words of the Inuit language?
What were the deeds of Hippolytus?
Why was Marduk made ruler before his victory?
Who is the Queen of Heaven in the The Cowherd and the Weaver Girl?
what Monsters exist in African mythology?
Who is this Greek goddess?
What are some differences between Ares and the amazons in the 2017 film Wonder Woman and the actual mythology?
Who is Ashirah in Hebrew mythology?
Image of God of Time
What was the parentage of the Korean King Suro?
Why did Apollo trick Artemis into killing Orion?
Could Thor actually pass his mantle?
Library re-ordered instead of being destroyed?
Why do so many cultures have a myth of the world being made or remade from water?
Why would Odin and Freyja send fallen men to Helheim?
Did Korean Queen Heo Hwang-ok Exist and was she Indo-Aryan or Tamil?
What is the origin of these creatures in Appalachian folklore?
Are there any ancient myths about humans travelling back in time?
Naranath Bhranthan, earliest mentions and sources?
Why did the gods use flooding to wipe out the human race?
Where do Leprechauns live?
What is the 'White Rock' in Greek mythology?
What does Tiresias's answer to the gods mean?
Drinking water from the River Lethe
What are the old laws of Cronos?
Was there any figure considered to be evil in iron age Celtic paganism religion of England?
Is there any mention of human sacrifice in the mythologies of Britain of the period before advent of Christianity?
What is (a) Könnin kuokkamies?
Who is "she who slew the Gorgon" in Euripides?
God/Goddess of clones or duplicates
Are there any instances of defying a prophecy?
What are some alternate names for characters of Arthurian legend?
Please help identify creature/character on necklace!
How did Vǫlundr escape?
Creature that feeds off personal attachment?
Medea in the Dunciad
What is the specific term for those creatures that exist because people believe in them?
Who was the fastest character in Greek mythology?
The Odyssey lock scene (Book 21): Translations vs. original Greek?
Why does Inanna need a fruit to know of sex?
Is there a kami of Aokigahara?
Who were the Guardians of Olympus?
Does Thor use an axe and/or sword in the Myths?
Who was the first Satan like deity/creature/person in mythology?
Did the ancient Egyptians worship Cats and Dogs deities at the same period?
What is that on Athena's chest?
Are there any myths about sentient beings (except gods/immaterial beings) that walked the earth before humans?
Is there a similar folklore/parable in American/Western/European culture to the East Asian (Chinese?) parable on a Fox and a Tiger?
What is the relationship between Thor and storms?
Are the Nephilim the demi-gods of the bible?
Why is rape featured so prominently in Greek mythology?
How many Ancient Greek names got their English names from French or nativised in English?
Is there a concept of a ‘realm of secrets’ in any mythology?
How did the belief of "marrying" a deity emerge?
Where did the idea of the 'City in Bottle' Originate?
Is there a culture that celebrates day of birth, day of conception?
Are there any common concepts in Egypt and Norse mythology / civilization?
What is the origin of the male order and female chaos trope?
Creatures known for excessive planning - demonic or evil favored
Why did Cronus swallow his daughters?
What are some mythological examples of emotionally-charged symbolic acts of grief?
What is the relationship between the term 'hermit' and the traditions around Hermes and Hermeticism?
Was the killing of an albatross being bad luck fabricated or real nautical mythology?
What mythological figures have died for love?
What are the names of the seven sages in the Epic of Gilgamesh
What is the source of the belief that the seventh son of a seventh son is a clairvoyant?
What more uses are there for dragon parts?
In what version of Greek Mythology are humankind described the most positively?
Zeus' Lightning Bolt
What can we learn from mythology?
Do all (or most) religions believe in the existence of an afterlife?
Were there any mythological beings which could duplicate themselves?
What are some sentient creatures of pre-Columbian Mesoamerican mythology?
Are there any old religions/mythologies where people would get tattood to get closer to or for their god?
Why was Hephaestus ugly?
What are some myths that combine the scatological and the sacred?
What indecency caused the death of Matevilye?
Why don't vampires migrate?
What caused the Mojave flood?
Which tale has choice between two bowls, one of which contains a death sentence and the other a reward?
What graphical symbols, if any, have been used for the three "modalities" in western or other astrological systems?
Are there any Norse stories that feature trials to claim the throne?
Where can I find english translations of the mythology of the Mnong people?
When Zeus impregnates Danae, what is the meaning of the shower being golden?
How did Cronos lose if he was god of time?
What are the major interpretations of the Enuma Elish?
Are there any myths that prove Athena was the favorite daughter of Zeus?
Are forests and trees considered self sufficient and self reliant? Or is there any lore on caretakers of the forests?
What do we know of the rebellion against Zeus by Poseidon, Hera and Athena?
When did chicken become a synonym of cowardice?
Hondurean folklore name like "Sumadi" or "Sumati"?
Where does the idea of counting crows come from?
Stories of children raised out of human society?
School in the Sky?
Has Odysseus ever used a bow prior to the archery contest in the Odyssey?
Who are the Diogenes and Zeno Dante encounters in Limbo?
Why you should never buy a broom or wash blankets in May?
Honor, cunning and realism of underhandedness in the Iliad
What do we know of Perses, son of Helios and brother to Circe?
Why does Eumaeus singles out the nymphs and Hermes in his offerings?
Why is Dante’s Odysseus different from Homer’s?
What did the Thebans do to cause the wrath of Dionysus?
Did Hera know that Perseus was Zeus's son?
Why was one of the Hecatoncheires known by a different name by men and the gods?
Who was Zeus' first child conceived with a mortal?
Do all gods and goddesses live on Mount Οlympus?
Are there any stories or fables in mythology that have an anarchist message?
Why is Circe in Aeaea?
Are Greek Myths and Heroes Rooted in actual History and People?
Why is it lucky to touch or knock on wood?
What stories from Norse mythology deals with fear?
"Berserker" In the sagas
How do I analyze a mythology?
Did Bedwyr (Bedivere) ever have dark magic?
Who are the two witnesses in Revelation?
Why does the Valkyrie call the raven "the skull picker of Hymir" in Hrafnsmál?
Who is the old man in the Coptic Apocalypse of Paul?
Is Hanna (2011, 2019) a form of the modern folk hero Pippi Longstocking?
Why does Loki borrow Freya's feathered coat to fly
What is the Ogdoad in the Coptic Apocalypse of Paul?
What is the game the champions play in Harold's court?
Why were metamorphoses so popular with ancient writers?
Is there a single term for the study of mythology?
How did Prometheus deceive Zeus?
What do the four living creatures represent?
Who is Thulis of Egypt?
What is the source of the story of the immaculate conception of Mars?
References on Tolkien's plots
Why is it unlucky to walk under a ladder?
Standard references on meanings of colors
Have powerful mythological heroes ever run away or been deeply afraid?
What is the source of the legend of Herakles bathing in the spa waters of Edipsos?
Who is Crite of Chaldea?
Did Helen and Stentor have voice-related "super-powers"?
Do Indians openly adopt and syncretize foreign religions?
Where does the idea that Satan rules hell come from?
Is there a myth involving a female warrior and a cloak that renders people invisible?
Is there a supernatural rat like this?
Legend about inconsistent person
In What Myth the Octopus Hails from a Previous World?
Are there stories that reference Chaos?
Iterative Creation Myths: Rare or Just Obscure?
Character that created themself?
What beliefs/rituals/gods/spirits are known in Estonian mythology from pre-Christian tribal Estonian culture?
Could all three Gorgons turn people to stone, or just Medusa?
Is there any link between Achilles and Sigurd/Siegfried?
Does the Maypole visit humans on May the First?
Was the alleged Christian influence of Norse Mythology primarily due to Snorri Sturluson's writings?
Do Modern Cults Create Their own Myths?
Definitive text on special stones
What are some famous mythological characters portrayed as guardians of something secret?
Are there any Demigods who became gods of their own power?
What is the relevant book for comparative mythology nowadays?
What is the origin of legend of Alderley Edge?
Why mythical god-like figures share common attributes like wings or lion body parts in different mythologies/cultures
What is the Native American term for Happy Hunting Ground?
Why are Gods in the Greek pantheon portrayed as performing unsavory & amoral acts?
Are there any examples of human sacrifice in tribal societies?
Why does Clytemnestra kill Cassandra?
Why does Achilles continue fighting?
Why did Kronos swallow his children up, instead of killing them?
fate in mythology
In the Ιliad why is there no continuation of the duel between Paris and Menelaus?
What happens when gods become forgotten?
What's the connection between the Greek and Egyptian gods?
were witches in northern England more common?
How much of real Greek Mythology does the writer Rick Riordan use?
Is there a folklore belief that the spirit of a wolf comes back to avenge its death?
What is the connection between Poseidon and horses?
The Great Bear and Dragon encircling the Tree of Life
Can the River Styx Goddess curse herself?
Do I put the salt in water to rid a bad spirit?? Or dry salt?
What are the limits to Thanatos's powers?
Trying to recall Greek myth about holding a god's feet as he morphs harmlessly
Satan and Angra Mainyu
What were Ares's powers?
Can anyone tell me what these hieroglyphics mean?
