Data on alcohol usage, addictions, disease in Africa
Cloud providers performance dataset
What should I think about when making JSON data into JSON-LD?
Is there an API for searching the US Copyright database?
Database of programming terms
Financial text data/corpora
Any databases with this data?
How do you get access to large amount of data for your project?
How do we get Vets 100 Compliance Documentation
Where can I find data on method of travel to train stations?
Where can I get a list of ATM identifiers that I can map to Geographic Location?
Datasets: Is there any public data-set for FAQ (Frequently asked questions) in different domains?
Where can find a comprehensive list of all the Computer Science courses in California on CBEDS?
Local Area Unemployment - Month-County level since 2007
Time Series Regression and Correlated Residuals Dataset
Full UN Comtrade Database
UK Postcode Outcode Border Data Isle of Man and Northern Ireland
Offensive words - English and Spanish
Where can I download 'Daylight Saving Time' for all regions in the world for specific year?
Rugby Union data
Aircraft models
What percentage of all US children 3 years of age or under who have access to an iPad share that iPad with a similar-aged sibling?
Traffic signals, stop lights, red lights
Historical dataset of prices of valuable metals
Database of chess games
Real-time position of artificial satellites
Free, Complete Soccer Database?
Where can I find registered company data through web services
Where can I find a CSV file of countries and their cities?
public data on vehicle speed/acceleration for a route, for multiple trips
De-identified longitudinal K-12 student letter grade data
How can I find annual temperature data for Chile?
Dataset for US Boat Launches (both Fresh and Salt)?
Annual Mean temperature of Africa countries for past 50 years?
Predictive Maintenance Data
Source of aggressively toned texts for machine learning
Source of aggressively toned texts for machine learning
How to use multiple wikipedia categories for Quick Intersection?
Raw Clinical Growth Charts height & weight data for age
data.gov Action API Parameters Seem to be Ignored
Get results for partial drug name searches
Database of Japanese meibutsu, with locality and since when
Should a Linked Data Platform (LDP) server answer to a request for a container that does not exist in the dataset?
Is there a source for OTC Vitamin ingredients?
Where is the original data set for the "German tank problem"?
Series of integers to test sorting algorithms
World Marine Regions & Subregions Polygons
Extract labels from Wikidata entity
European crime data with spatial coordinates
IQ scores from individuals and their siblings and/or twins
Where can I find some publicly available dataset for retail/grocery store companies?
What are the most unexpected, weird, crazy or funny open datasets available online?
Database for sovereign bond upgrades/downgrades
Automobile data including weight, engine output
Where can I find some publicly available dataset for retail store companies?
How many people ever lived having a certain profession?
Guidelines on surveying email addresses in the public domain?
USA basement map or data available
Spanish Sentiment Dataset
Coordinates of villages in The Gambia/Senegal
Guide to open data for beginners
Spatial commodities data global
Looking for shapefiles describing Katmai National Park in Alaska
Multiple snapshots of social network, showing people leaving
Average temperature by country 1990-2012
Open data on African social networks at the micro level
Cloud Storage - Usage and Impact
Pictures of the Korean Central Intelligence Agency
Option 2: Structured Product Labeling & Language - Which data to pick up?
List of Emails to Student Activities Board of all Universities
Raw housing stock of particular city
RIKEN integrated database of mammals
Cleaning up addresses in a large data set
What offices/divisions of U.S. federal agencies and bureaus can do site inspections at private companies?
Dataset of Business Schools in the US
Finding tables in messy structured Excel / csv file to import them in DB
Historical Oil Price Forecasts - MENA/West Africa Region
is there road traffic accident data set
Football (Soccer) Player x,y,t data
Where can I download US secondary (high school, etc) educational test score data for school districts, individual schools, etc?
Commercial Medical Diagnostic testing Precision and Accuracy
Date of Next Inspection for REAC data
Is it possible to know the number of American residents/students/tourists leaving France each year?
facebook dataset for effective spam filtering
Fitness activity data
How to get a review page link or review files for a certain drug using API on FDA?
Black market premium data, all countries 1960-2010
A source of classical music
making my data LOD-compatible
Datasets in which people make quantity estimates
Resources to create CC0/ CC BY cartography?
Publishing location based data in Easting and Northing, Longitude and latitude, or Addresses?
Is there a specification for versioning a dataset?
Where can I find an interesting data set with 3 way interactions?
How can I Share my Data Sets Without Worrying About Copyright Issues?
Recommendations for calculating unemployment and labor force participation at the block group level
Regional Economic Accounts from BEA in a single dataset
Linked Open Data Statistics
Where to find public dataset on teachers and public employees salary?
Time of arrival and departure of ships in ports
Solving the daily commute
Real-time location of trains in France, Germany, Switzerland, and other countries
Issues with collecting a data set via crowd-sourcing
Database of labeled voice data, specifically laughter
Publicly Available 'English Opinion Lexicons' Txt
Where can I publish small database for free?
I'm trying to find the amount of federal funding allocated to US cities since 1970. Blocks grants and earmarked funding
Get season statistics for NFL players
Data on the percentage of Frenchmen who are in favor of allowing UberPOP in France
MLB Ball/Strike data
Previous Craigslist Postings
List of Pennsylvania Nursing Schools their Addresses, Enrollment, Graduation Rates?
How do I download a Socrata graph or map definition I have created?
Disease Symptom Dataset?
Data about indian businessmen
Protocol/software to publish weather information online
Price of property prices in local currency for countries in Latin America
California Gubernatorial Election Turnouts
Worldwide holidays, and their names in the local dominant language
Public music database that expose APIs to get most popular songs?
Theme park visitor data
What data formats that can be published on the first level (1 star) of open data?
What are some sources for interesting data sets to play with?
What are some good approaches for predicting sub-state level population changes before census data is released
Looking for a blood glucose data set for predictive algorithm
Is there a complete list of what US Census data is available for every type of geographic unit?
Can state, county or city sales tax records be retrieved in the U.S. under FOIA?
Social connections, income/profession and intelligence
Inconsistent fields
Get the details of all Indian films from Wikipedia
Which one will be better to join startup or service based
Scraping vehicle reporting data from regulator's website
What gives people the right to license factual data?
How can I find a comprehensive list of USAID Cooperative Agreements by country?
Are coordinates of pixel clicked on Google Maps reusable?
Pictures of the Prince Edward Islands
Memex open data (Dark web)
Meta-analysis of public 16S data - help!
Academic private grant funding database
Banknotes database
Number of automobiles produced inside the borders of the us annually last 20 years?
Number of automobiles produced inside the borders of the us annually last 20 years by manufacturer?
Trade imbalance at the County level in the US
Are there sources for interstate movements of companies?
Non-violent misbehaviors in California, 2014
Requirements management data
Reporting Poorly Secured Non-Public Use Federally Funded Data
Is there any state wise and quarterly downloadable US economic data apart from GDP?
Where to Find a Downloadable Movie Database
Simple, online collaborative database
Flight delays for Europe
Green Button energy data
Speech act prediction data sets
College Scorecard full data base
What is the profile of gradutes from University of Louisville, College of Arts and Sciences and Dept of Biology?
Fundamentals data for European stocks
Are Creative Commons licenses suitable for data?
Missing schools on college scorecard
College not showing on College Scorecard
Question regarding earnings by major
Databases for pdf tables
Where can I find holiday data for each country
Cyberattacks on Small- Medium Business?
High Resolution Imagery - USA
All Demonym's in their native language
I need data set for climate changes in San Diego?
Incorrect Information on College Scorecard
Data on Latin America Households TV sets with HDMI ports
Why the 8-digit UnitID
Sector Variable?
In the College Scorecard Data Directory--what is N=30
How is the Students Paying Down Debt field calculated in the College Scorecard website?
College Scorecard First Year Returning Students Calculation
Dataset of large graphs for classifiction
NSLDS Completion and Transfer Rates
Concert Events Data
What equivalent license for CC SA without BY? Share-alike but no attribution
Machine Learning imputable "common-sense" datasets
Open text document corpus for information retrieval evaluation
What is your level of external data?
Get Wikipedia URLs (sitelinks) in Wikidata SPARQL query
Real world applications of Streaming data
Where can I find state by state polling prior to recent presidential elections?
Dialogs with labeled slot(s)-value(s)
looking for data source: all businesses in USA
Dataset for queries that are questions or others
Any open public data sets for the Rugby World Cup (in England 2015)?
Are graduate programs included College Scorecard data?
How is average cost in college scorecard derived?
Factoid question answer data sets with text containing the answer
List of European countries and capitals with populations
Where can I find statistics of polio cases in different countries
Standards for parking restriction spatial data
Open and free electronic Case Report Form e-CRF system options
Need real time data source for wind direction and weather forecast
High School Football Stats
US Median Household Income by Age and Cohort
Dataset of weather as it was *forecast* at the time
Looking for modern english texts in public domain / CC-BY-SA
Data sets for short text classification
Graduate students included in loan repayment and/or earnings data?
Text data sources in German, primarily news articles
Database of smartphone sensor data
Invalid API Key - Accessing OSHA data
where can I find geocoded sentiments?
Paraphrase data sets
List of surnames of popular people in English
City's Satellite Images over Time?
Creating data from web tables with import.io failed - other tools?
Company ownership data
Shapes of ZIP codes - polygons for each ZIP code
Downloadable free movies API
For a given 5 year ACS (American Community Survey), when is the effective date of estimation?
Dataset for english words of dictionary for a NLP project
Extracting variables from unstructured Excel files
Infanticide rate, divided by the sex of the murderer
geolocalization of tweets
What is the variable that closest resembles Sticker Price?
Vehicle Crash DataSet with Accelerometer
Where can I find pre-1951 median wage information?
API for crowd sourced gas prices
API to get Wikimedia Commons categories that are near a particular latitude/longitude
Does the openFDA drug adverse events dataset (or any other dataset) have a geographic dimension?
Health forum data sets
Where is the block assignment file linking 2010 Census data with 113th congressional districts?
Combined DHS and MICS survey results
People Mobility Data
"Fuzzy" search of Mediawiki Commons categories
Antebellum State and Local Election Data
Error 503 for seemingly valid getIFPPlanQuotes request
Display only reactions where drugcharacterization=1 (drug was suspect drug)
openFDA Device Adverse Events Data out of date
openFDA - Recalls - quantity in commerce
Is stock data available for bulk download for free?
unable to get lat long in api call
Where can I find a REST API of stars and constellations?
How can I calculate the proportion of students at an institution who are low-income or first-generation?
What exactly do the variables named "Unemployment rate, via Census data" and "Poverty rate, via Census data" represent?
Data on the number of "remote" workers by country
Single-word Translations in All Languages
Finder API list ACA Approved Health Insurance API JSON?
Gold annotations for diabetic patients in MIMIC-III
Why are some notes written in uppercase in MIMIC-III?
What APIs are there that are provided over websockets?
Mapping a Wikimedia project URL to the corresponding Wikidata entity id
Funding data for US Department of Education CSV format
Looking for hourly data of traffic congestion in Beijing
Data for Auctions
British Empire Budgets
What real-time Open Data do you want to use?
Fitness Exercise Database / API
Pre-Colonial Population Density in the Americas
database of email domain aliases?
How can I get a list of synonyms that work across all contexts?
A typical bank database for credit card accounts?
Where is the data I need to fully understand federal revenue and their budget?
Subnational data on corruption
Redistribution ICPSR Data - Terms of Use
Where can I find commercial flight information?
A "proper" Data Set
Wikidata Query Service reliability
Need Tamil Bible open data source
How quickly after FDA approval will adverse events be listed on openFDA?
list of approved active ingredients
Can someone explain "openfda data is not for clinical use"?
Approval dates for drugs from FDA?
Get all the data from category or subcategory from Collegescorecard API
rail track data of the UK as arcs (lines consisting of lat long points)
Data on deportations
API to get Wikimedia Commons images that are near a particular latitude/longitude
Can I take "open data" from a website like Quandl, modify it, and then resell it to clients?
Where can I find Colombia municipality geometries?
Is there detailed play by play data for US NCAA football games available online?
where can I find data on web-research?
Does anyone know a dataset that has both time-series data and descriptive (non-temporal) features?
Web services access to OSHA regulations
Is the FIFA 16 Ultimate Team database available anywhere?
Where can I get data on released inmates in the US?
Too few results from DBpedia
What is the ISERROR column in MIMIC-III's noteevents table?
Open access efforts for computer vision datasets & databases?
Common queries for Location Sharing
Too few records from DBpedia
Ontology with concepts about many domains (transport, environment, engineering, …)
Is there anyway to get the NDC code for a drug from the drug enforcement report fields?
MIMIC-III: Why is the time stamp of prescription only "per day"?
Start and stop times for non-invasive mechanical ventilation in MIMIC
Looking for open dataset containing data for disease and symptoms
How can I obtain OSHA 300 nursing home data?
offline bar code databases
Does "Salary After Attending" variable include all attendees or only those who graduate?
Current biohazard/disease outbreak dataset
Property ownership data
Memory consumption MIMIC-III
Energy usage in Canada
MIMIC-III diagnosis column
Free public real time social data APIs
Priority sequence column in diagnosis_icd
Where did the attribute ICU_EXPIRE_FLAG go from MIMIC-II to MIMIC-III?
Admitted to the ICU before admission to the hospital
NDC's in Enforcement Reports - Package vs Product vs Product Description?
Database of adult sites
Where can I find data on the number of social media users who checked in to a store at any given period of time?
Open datasets on medicine/drugs and its uses in treatment
List of inverse and polarity flip words required
Data for the distribution of US household annual income by year and state
MIMIC-III Citation
Employer's website is "web scraping" from another site, can I be liable even though I did not write that code?
Financial Accounts - Intersectoral Flow-of-Funds Data
Speech audio files dataset with language labels
Finding data yielded in search results
Data set of objects with properties
When will the API V3.0 be updated for 2016 Rates
Data on ethnicity of African names
U.S. Sports Scheduling Data at a League level
GIThub to share a set of SPARQL queries
National Flood Insurance Data
Syntax for tobacco use on healthcare.gov API
Number of Museums' visitors and ticket revenue
Research paper on machine failure prediction or predictive maintenance
Data for testing sequence tagging algorithm
Multi-Sample Reliability Data that follows Weibull Distribution
Seeking gis data or geospatial wildfires
Where can I find a global life expectancy table?
Can I get 1000 images from any image search engine for education/research purpose?
Batch conversions of lat, lon to US census tract?
How do I get paginated data sorted by load date from the OSHA api detailed here?
Immigrant destination by city of entry or city of birth
Does Rutgers University Provide Open-Source Geospatial Datasets?
Where do I find what to put in queries to openFEC
Is there a openFDA Data Pipeline version supported for Windows?
Any APIs available that provide data of Indian vehicles?
How to get the list of ICUSTAY_IDs that happened in a given HADM_ID?
Is the patient's height available?
Why are some transfers.ICUSTAY_ID null?
Are the APACHE scores available somewhere?
Is there a log of BIDMC's bed capacity changes?
Where to find the most recent mapping between Clinical and Waveform Records?
How to map WFDB_Annotation().getTime() to actual timestamps?
Mapping between MIMIC-II v2.6's meditems' itemids and MIMIC-III d_items?
Detecting use of vasopressor in a patient in MIMIC
diagnoses_icd.sequence in MIMIC-III: does the order matter aside from the primary diagnosis?
Facebook data Africa
historical price data for Sdax Index
Open Audio Database of English Letters
Show areas defined by sets of latitude/longitude
Example of credit card usage data
How often does a waveform record come from two or more patients?
In which cases is a waveform recording split into two recordings in MIMIC WDB 2v3?
Collection of related datasets (akin to transfer learning)
Car types by country
What is the coverage of Google case law for New York state?
How do I acquire bike network shapefiles for a particular region?
Dataset: Car types by country
Looking for sample lat/long data of thousands of US addresses
Looking for the smoking count or rate per census tract in New York State
Looking for conversation transcripts
Where can I find open data about sport's competitions?
Heat map of Belgium
Open database for ski resorts/stations
Looking for chat bubble icon in SVG format
STRIDE data all years
Tools and steps for converting 3-star data to 4 star
Sierra Leone Ethnic Groups - Shapefile
Health rated data and information in Ghana and Kenya needed
Library containing dictionary definitions
Grouped vocabulary list as .txt or .csv files
Looking for structured US Secretary of State public schedule
Dataset for emotion classification
Larger data sets with random treatment (Randomized Trial Data)
Publishing Weather Data under Creative Commons / Peer Production License
Good, free dataset to practice cross validation?
How do you maintain continuity in race definitions across time?
19th Century Patent Data
Heavy tailed dataset for heavy hitters problem
Historical weather data for Pyrenees Atlantiques
Where can I find OPRA data?
Clouds realtime
Land Use Data for Beijing for 1985 and 2010
Which agencies and which part to get training data for passports, id cards and licenses
Text of US Presidents' inaugural addresses
Deaths by falling coconuts
Why are some PubMed IDs missing?
Effect of foods on diseases
Is there a Glossary of Terms for the Federal Elections Commission API?
Happiness Cross Sectional Data
Hindi tweets datasets freely available
Huge Biomedical Corpus for Unsupervised Experiments
Does anyone know a public open GPS datasets with labeled visited places (POI) that we can use in research projects?
publicly available dataset of loan advertisement
Which format (CSV, JSON, Atom, RSS?) should events data be published in?
MIT reality mining
In the CSD, which Institution ID is used to merge in Earnings/Repayment Data
Examples of openly accessible field or farm-level soil acidity (pH) data?
Windows kernel or user mode crash dumps
Wireshark capture files
Inconsistent UCC usage in Consumer Expenditure Survey
International Median Income Data at City Level
Where can I find data to determine the US county from an US address?
Standard digit database in English and Marathi language
Database or download of Amtrak station codes?
Dataset suggestions for teaching data science in a for-profit setting
Dataset suggestions for teaching data science in a for-profit setting
Better global elevation data
Any data about Mobile Phone Contacts?
ADMISSIONS Table, recent Mimic-III Postgres Updates
Average Internet Download Speeds for All Countries
To whom does "author" refer when using schema.org's "MusicAlbum" schema?
Where to get data for each WBAN ID and Station ID and its corresponding city
Where can I find data for Formula 1 races and race cars
How do I get Google Analytics data for teaching college course?
Medical Terminology in Patient Medical Records - Public Data Sets
Where can I find datasets of mailing list archives of open source software?
MIMIC III database - patients height and weight information
Networks of three actors data set
How can I find state-level data on the unemployment rate of youth for 2014 and 2015?
uk streets for UK postcodes
Where can I find data on the winner of the presidential popular vote by U.S. county, for as many elections as possible?
Database of images to estimate cloud cover
Political candidate demographics
Russian Ruble exchange rate
Violent crime statistics involving guns
Do some Kaggle contest organizers remove the data sets after the end of the contest?
New York City weather data
Accounts payables, accounts receivables, invoices, and bills
Customer Support Interactions data?
cattle and sheep production and reproduction records
Understanding Precipitation data
Common words missing from typical spellcheckers
Domain Name Service (DNS) A/ASN/NSrecords of Fast-Flux Domains
Where can I find Historical GIS datasets?
Telecommunications Spending Data for Businesses
Free UPC database?
getIFPPlanQuotes - Filters and Maximum Page Size
Macro Indicators of Economic Data by ZIP Codes or Cities in the US
Is there any open data set related to fault of telecom network or ISP?
How to get the location of every pub in Britan?
User profiles from professional social network
Publicly available dataset of physician notes
Modelled air pollution data for UK at monthly resolution
Geodata to make a map of the UK with counties outlined
Cost of 1-bedroom apartment rental in US by zip code?
Where can I find a cost of living index by zip code?
(mimic-iii) Why D_LABITEMS doesn't have reference range while D_ITEMs has?
Data set of Online Store's Customers' Transaction Web Logs?
Image Data for Semantic Segmentaion
National Women's Soccer League API
Are there data sets that contain math problems (and preferably their solutions) at the college level
Open Source MRI Image Dataset
Bike sharing data with customer ID
Looking for an e-commerce backend dataset
Snow days per county per monthly in US specifically in Colorado?
Looking for downloadable H1B LCA application data
Photoplethysmogram sampling frequency problem
data.gov CKAN API ignores row parameter, returns duplicate results for different search terms
OPTIONS request failing to api.finder.healthcare.gov from the browser?
Physician notes with annotated PHI
Flight Plans filed with the FAA
Is it possible to get a complete list of medical devices through OpenFDA?
Do repayment variables in the College Scorecard refer only to debt acquired as an undergraduate?
Do the College Scorecard's debt amount variables include only debt among students who borrowed?
Is there a OpenFDA API Basics for medical devices?
Where are the rich and poor living?
Information retrieval problem
Downloadable word embeddings
Where to get average US profit by industry?
How do I find out how much doctors get reimbursed by medicare for certain procedures?
Where can I find natural language artifacts (requirements document, design documents, change requests) of open source software?
List of all UK sports clubs
Initial public offerings
People check-in Dataset
Affirmative action data for college admissions
List of political blogs
Statistics on the number of seats per car
Patient admitted to ICU after cardiac arrest (post cardiac arrest) in MIMIC-III
A global database of email addresses
Independent Census Data for 3rd World Countries
Historical NWS GFS forecast data
Is there a dataset on existing flow of people between US cities?(could be car, bus, train or plane)
MIMIC-III prescription problem
MIMIC-III inputevents MV or CV
California Private School Data
Is there anything like Quandl for social sciences or health services research?
Is there any data set for querying labor certification data?
Lake Victoria bathymetric data
Does Google correlate stop for Belgium in 2014?
Corpus of documents with important sentences marked
US Residential Mailing Addresses Databases
MIMIC-III Elixhauser comorbidity table
MIMIC-III. Select only the first ICU admission
Knife deaths by country per year
MIMIC-III severity score
How to output the description of Wikidata items using SPARQL?
Reliable source for getting free land use map for Ahmedabad city, India?
Historical world records
Government standards, guidelines, and practices for collecting data
Where can I find biological time series data?
MIMIC-III: When exactly was MIMIC-III v1.3 released?
Required a audio format baby crying data set
How can I find state level data on NLRB 81a3 cases
Is there a way to download and use historical price data from Amazon?
Proxy access.log file or dataset
Free quad polarization SAR images of San Francisco in bands X and L?
Is there any public dataset related to fashion objects?
Data sets for predicting home value
Resources on Data Science for Football / Soccer in-line?
Mapping between mimic-iii clinical data and mimic II V3 waveforms
Where can I get a sample dataset for A/B split testing?
American English pronunciation dictionary in text form showing syllables
PlanFinder API Data Availability
Test data set for calendar data
List of United States cities
Is there a data source indicating how long most major surgeries take, and what are the associated risks/outcomes?
Retrieving Every Amazon Product ASIN
Looking for zip codes and elevation of high schools
Global Precipitation Measurement (GPM) data download in R
How do I get just city-level data on data.gov?
Active Fast-Flux Domains
OpenFDA report_date for Food/Enforcement doesn't seem to work after 9/23/2015
Retrieve US Census Data in Excel format
MIMIC-II Introduction document: errors in example code?
Dataset of number of car accidents per cause in the United States
Open data set to calculate the correlation between different brands
List of complex datasets for ML in the cloud comparison
Taxonomy of web pages for illustrating the reach of "open data"
Sustainability Contacts for Educational Facilities
API for getting data from a disease name?
Literacy rates of Asian countries
How can I download datasets from Twitter and Facebook from an specific event and time period?
Access to anonymous personal financial portfolio data
Elevation data sources
Statistics of the yearly amount of beds in private prisons in the US
Domestic accidents due to exploding plates and bowls
Employment data by income at the state level
Travel statistics by gender and country
How to scrape rugby union data from espn.co.uk
Is there an API for drug approval packages from the FDA?
Income cohorts based on household size
weather dataset
Kidney transplant dataset
Where can I find Nefazadone CBASP dataset?
Data on refugee migration
Are there any open datasets for LinkedIn public profiles?
BLS Consumer Expenditure Survey at MSA level
UK Mobile phone gps location database
where can I find world-wide commercial flight routes information?
sports-reference.com legality of using their data for other applications
The list of projected GDP in the past?
How to map MIMIC-II's SUBJECT_ID and HADM_ID with MIMIC-III's SUBJECT_ID and HADM_ID?
Average income by age group, for all countries?
Corpus of human-scored machine translations?
Cryptocurrency historical prices
Predictors for AD/senile dementia dataset
5-star Open Data rating scheme, are there URIs for the ratings?
Do some publishers offer to host a mirror of webpages used as a reference?
Where can I find Open Data on Nigeria's Annual Budget?
Music Festival Datasets Resources
TwoCircles Dataset
Where to Find Data....Project Idea
Database of evacuation sites in Japan (places to take refuge after a natural disaster)
openFDA Device Adverse Events missing for Dec, 2015 (as of 19-Jan-2016)
What you look for in a codebook
dataset access for icpsr members
Data by county or by zip code on commercial new construction permits issued across the United States
Assignment file for VTD's to Congressional Districts? (NYS 2010)
Countries with a Census
Meaning of SEQ_NUM in DIAGNOSES_ICD table and missing values in ICD9_CODE field
Games for education
Looking for high (temporal) frequency wind data
Scientometric/bibliometric data retrieval from a list of DOI
Open datasets of lottery winning numbers
A standard format for English vocabulary
Error when importing data from SQL dumps to MIMIC-III tables
Tennis dataset of hawk-eye or other stats
Water & Energy Usage Data
Discrepancy between OpenFDA and FAERS
Arterial line location and PPG sensor location
Statistics on car life length for each car model?
Getting influences / influencedBy data from DBpedia
Dataset of clinical trial accidents
Big data set for Document Classification
Where to find data on Australian business types and locations?
Repository of virus-infected computer files
Urban, suburban, and rural blockgroup data
Where can I find information for standard deviation and mean for real life data?
Is there open data set on Facebook status?
Looking for open source LGBT datasets
German news/text data set
Federal, state, and county prisons & jails
Data sets for evaluating cluster analysis
Where can I get vector datasets for Nasarawa state in Nigeria?
Formats of texts from wikisource?
How data data.gov tend to perform?
Find a List of Private Companies That Use Canadian Government Open Data?
Keyboard keystrokes with timing
Luxury watches database
where can i download archives of eclipse,ibm jazz and mozilla
Phone Tracker, How does this work, and could it be used?
finding old cookies from Chrome
Are there time series of population data for the world urban areas?
does bugzilla have an updated dump for all of its project
GTFS vs SIRI wich one is more used nowaday
University of Phoenix Salary Data
OPEN FDA spam phone calls
Tweets about past disasters (flood, storm, earthquake, volcanic eruption)
Scraping pages to get prices can be considered as OpenData
labeled sentiment words according to 8 different human sentiments
A license catalog project with RDF description, exist?
Data Set for Recommender System that contains contextual aspect-level ratings (as well as reviews)
How can I find a dataset in the field of eye tracking for a recommender system?
Problem with base+gain of signals
Datasets with individual rankings
German political party memberships, during 80s and 90s to
Environmental open GIS data for the Caribbean countries
Hospital Expenditure Dataset
List of hospital names with their abbreviations
List of organization names
RCDC for the fiscal years prior to 2011
Why are lab tests splitted into 2 tables: chartevents and labevents?
American Fact Finder vs ACS from IPUMS
ASCII Character Frequency Analysis
Database or API to quickly check whether an image is a meme or not
Dataset of regular expressions for named entity recognition
Querying Wikidata : WDQ vs. WDQS / SPARQL
scannable upc with cell phone app
Number of possible actions the player may take in each ATARI arcade game
Class Action Lawsuit data
Historical Chinese Coal Plants Data
Pulse transit time values (PTT)
API that matches food names to categories
Breast conserving surgery in the US
People names by country
Data for geographical advantage of a country
What are the limitations of the Wikidata data model?
Big Data and machine learning to Predictive analytics
Evolution of fruits throughout the history
Where to get historical 1 minute forex data?
Bulk download Sci-Hub papers
Contractors licence data
Discrepancies between the api url and the original one on collegescorecard?
Percentage of patients worldwide who have electronic medical records managed by a software company founded in a given country
Publicly Available UK Datasets
All the cities and their state codes
Sentiment classification from Smiles-data need
Looking for dataset of pharmacy Locations in Chicago area
Is there an open database of elementary, middle, and high schools with special education departments in the United States?
Looking for open source funding data of South American startups
Cyber-attacks with demand dataset
Synchronize with the openFDA S3 bucket
Employee Churn dataset?
Is there an API for user-defined song tags?
getIFPPlanQuotes - what is InsuranceEffectiveDate?
What is the percentage of degrees at each school earned through an exclusively distance-education program?
Recommendation letter dataset
Looking for an open API for to get tracking information from an EMB code
Is a dataset of Paint-like paintings available?
Looking for equivalence of MIMIC-II v2.6 dataset in MIMIC-III v1.3
Archive of FedWire participants
Fruit ripening dataset
Historical flight path data
Medical text corpus
2D Digital Subraction Angiography
How do I access ten years of craigslist archives?
How can I find out how many socks strideline and happysocks sell a day?
Historical Wave and Current data
What is meant by rolling 2-year averages in College Scorecard?
How is the repayment rate for College Scorecard calculated?
Where can I get data for the popularity of a book?
FCC ASR - Strucht Incorrect?
Historical events calendar database
Is there a difference between open data and public data?
Convenient way to get time of surgery in MIMIC-III
Searching data for habits
Rate of nutrient decay in fruit/vegetable juice
What is up with the "no adjusted gross income" data in the IRS SOI?
Free Archive of Africa weather data
Does the scorecard have data to determine revenues for the purpose of the 90/10 rule?
USCIS processing times history
US Senate/Congress Contact Info API
Downloadable Projected rainfall estimates for Ghana for the year 2016
Database of Vehicles/License Plates
Getting the complete list of AEs x drug with openFDA
Number applications to the French Government Defense's PhD grant (Direction Générale de l'Armement, in short DGA)
Datasets based on casual conversations for chatterbots
MIMIC-III linking d_icd table with diagnosis_icd
Micro data on parental education
Data on press conferences from English-speaking press conferences
Looking for open dataset containing vacation / annual leave data for counties of the European Union?
CSV dataset of cities, including population and latitude/longitude
Where can I get calendar events dataset in text format?
Wikidata item add form template
data set of family trees in GEDCOM format?
Where can I get annotated data set for training date and time NER in opennlp?
Length (Belgian) railway tracks
Looking for admitting SAPS score for first hospitalization of patients in MIMICIII
Dataset from Nasa website
College Scorecard API call returns all data in .json but only two fields in .csv
How to download issues from ASF Jira
Database world cities with their names in all languages of the world
Lake Bathymetry Open Data
Nuclide database - A, Z, BE, half-life, etc
Vaccination policies
Consumer Demographics for Individual Products
Physionet.org - Sepsis Data Files?
How to collect hand-writting data
How many sample sentences are required to train a model in opennlp?
ZCTA regions in census files
What is the latest census statistics on US demographics
loading MIMIC III into SQL Server
Text annotation tool dataset
Search engine keyword relevance
Where i can get a list of most popular browsed servers domains by users of a specific country?
UN Comtrade Database- what is the difference between a partnercode and reportercode
where can i find sample free data set from super market purchase history with customer id?
Wikipedia database: categories and category mapping across languages
GIS and/or Maps regarding Ginseng in the United States.
Corpus of tagged text (English newspapers or any tagged text)
Property tax assessment
College Scorecard Raw Data Question
Where can I get the images data set of skin diseases?
Is there an API for soft erotic pictures?
Where can i download spatio-temporal landslide station based dataset for india in .csv format
Is there a vocabulary for linking machine data on the shopfloor?
Open data GeoRSS feeds
Is there an open database with characteristics of tree species?
College scorecard data dictionary Stata code?
College Scorecard data dictionary missing academic.program_available.XXX entries
StateWide Collated Public county data set
Georeferenced data on animal sightings
Inquiry about number of adults in MIMIC-III v1.3
Data with trips
Pension liabilities data sample
Music Artists On Tracks
Relation of MIMIC-II v2.6 and MIMIC-III v1.3 patients records
Need help decoding OSHA datasets numeric codes
Can we use the DDL as a data repository for reference in publications with DOI?
Online financial help (donation) dataset
VETS-4212 Dataset
Vaccination success rates
Most common words in English
Campground data or maps
Leaked Daesh (ISIS) Documents
Data on (non-sexual) child abuse
Detailed data about Medicare Enrollment?
Collection of large geospatial datasets
Wikidata SPARQL, why an intermediate item is needed in this sample query?
.How can I get the list of drugs that interact with a particular drug in openFDA
Survey raw data
Where can I get the wind data for Nepal?
Bibliometric data to rank research institutions
Is data becoming more or less concentrated globally?
Some random person name and details generator?
Impact the boiling time on nutritional content
what was the weather in red rock, nv March 14, 2016
Where can I get the coordinates datasets of water bodies of a country?
Download customer purchased data
Combining (aggregating) county data
Risk factors per disease
MODBUS device register definitions
Dataset of accidents and incidents involving drones
How to retrieve discharge summaries?
Is there a dataset with the MGRS 100Km square id for every such square on world map?
Extensive Weather or Sea State API?
Where can I get previous versions of MIMIC-III?
Getting metadata of all databases available on the Internet
Data Set for Quantile Regression in Survival Analysis
Dataset for Device fingerprints?
Sensor data from wind turbines
Any benchmark data available for average wages,benefits based on job position and state wise?
Texas Parcel Data
Examples of (near) real-time energy dashboards or portals
What's the difference between "Nursing" and "Nursing/other" notes?
Year Structure Built of housing units
Chronicling America Bulk Downloads
What methods are used to prepare sensitive data for public access?
Historical Twitter Data
Long-term search trends by domain
Tagged (non-anonymized) GPS driver trip database
What's the license of MIMIC-III?
Timeseries from the CIA World Factbook
Breakdown of absentee vs. in-person voting in the 2016 presidential primary
Data sets about nutrition/diseases
Download all drug adverse events
Overfishing dataset
Why does inventory.data.gov exist?
Duplicates in device recall data?
ASIC designs for high-efficiency Bitcoin miners
World sports with leagues and teams
Time series data to predict the health of vehicle
Machine readable list of monetary currencies, including symbol
Speeding ticket cost
MIMIC III : Date and Time when Diagnosis Code was determined for the patient, say Septic Shock
Are there any open data sources on business strategy?
How to use FEC data to search for campaign contributions from a list of people?
Climbing cost per mountain
What are the most comprehensive examples of businesses making strategy, marketing and performance data publicly available?
Open API for currency conversion / exchange rates to EUR/USD/GBP (daily settlements)
Personal deductions when filing taxes in the US
Experience in transforming MIMIC-III dataset to follow EHR standards?
I need a dataset in which different facilities are situated on the roadnetwork?
Do we have any API for "all" Drugs ?
Open data sources similar to the Workplace and Employee Survey (WES)
Global "bare earth" dataset, in GeoTIFF format
Time of death in-hospital?
Risks per medical treatment
Data about dermatology (images + symptoms)
Why do patient notes contain so many newline characters?
Open flight simulation data (trajectory, aerodynamics, wind tunnel simulations.. etc)?
Where I can get financial tweets and financial blogs datasets for sentiment analysis?
Downloading the Panama Papers
How to make a query to get all contributions from a certain donor?
Modeling Stakeholder relationships in ontologies
Credit scoring data
Anyone need data transforming/cleaning?
which countries belong to which synchronous electricity grids?
Sentence segmentation dataset
Dataset for emotion classification into happy, sad, angry
Where can I find downloadable smartphones data rating?
Where can i find a Dataset for history of Australian federal politicians
Japanese place/building names English translation database
Impact of move X on tendon Y
I'm looking for panel data on Merger and Acquisition
Where can I download powersports oem microfiche schematics?
Database of cities with coordinates and timezone
Does anyone know of any datasets which have audio and accents?
Medical research articles annotated with quality of evidence
Estimation of intubation time
Publisher costs to publish a book
Most popular twitter hashtags
Petition for writs of certiorari to SCOTUS
Dataset of common typos in English
Customer review dataset
Dataset for humans,man and woman?
In the MIMIC II database, where can I get the "type of admission", which could be scheduled surgical, unscheduled surgical or medical?
A graph of North American railroads
Ns for the earnings cohorts
Japanese gairaigo database
26 letters probability: how many combinations do you have to make?
Which database should I search to find the year that homes were built?
Open dataset with historical plates/slides from astronomical surveys (absorption or emission spectra)?
dataset for webpage clustering
Clothing Dataset
Is the Foundational Model of Anatomy Ontology an Open Data that can incorporated in other Open Databases?
Protected health information in different countries
Understanding wind speed data
Map SFMTA AVL GPS lat long to routes
MIMIC-III - days of the week?
Transactions Between Financial Intermediaries
Where can i find domain specific data set of opinion tweets about a product/brand?
Rental Prices in US Cities
buildings height data
Business Street Address with street and zip
Multi-target regression Dataset
Looking for historical daily quotes for USD
Real estate investment and growth data sources
Groundwater Basins
Need email Contact information for domestic trucking indusrty
I'm trying to collect some YouTube usage data so I can run clustering for personality types
OData HTML Visualizer
Auto dealers database
What is the easiest way to map NDC therapeutic class to broad condition?
OpenStreetMap freeway signs
data.gov GIOVANNI Portal Data Missing
Vehicles Data and Images API
Historical weather forecast API
Dataset listing datasets for natural language processing
Looking for data on British car specs/list prices/MSRP's for website design project
Macomb County/City of Warren GIS data
Is it possible to get only opinion based tweets from twitter APIs or any other dataset?
Corruption Perception Index (CPI) by Transparency International
Where is the data cohort map?
List of database of clinical trials
British Newspaper Archive
Trend on 3D Printer Filament Costs?
Freely available geospatial data for the capital cities in Southeast Asia
Free UK Company Database
word2vec Analogy Task Data Set
methods to build your own data set from public domain data sources
MIMIC-III PROCEDUREEVENTS_MV overlapping invasive ventilation time
How to organize and retrieve list of publications/studies?
What is the best source for up-to-date postcode locations in the UK?
Is there a public source for the metadata describing English GP prescribing data?
Standard datset of Animals with a mixture of popular animals
Looking for text-to-phoneme or pronunciation data for English words
Dataset of hand images and keypoints
Patents in academic institutions
MRIs of tendinopathies
Keyboard dataset with travel distance, operation point, actuation force, and force to bottom out
looking for a list of certifications and licences relevant for US jobs
US House Sale Data
Indian Election Results
Long list of attributes that make typical graph labels
Network of medical treatment comparisons per disease
Nation Builder Voter Database Leak
Index People Living in New York
Looking for gridded wind field data for Sicily and surrounding region
Data request: how long do consumers wait for certain discounts, savings, and bargains?
300 TB dataset for LHC
Open datasets for educational use
ISO 3166-1 country codes in DBpedia
Looking for IOT sensor data for the task of classification
new user - need pediatric data for various vitals parameters
Querying Department Of Labor Basic Mining Information API
I have downloaded a map of a small region in .osm format . But as a newbie I dont have any idea how to access it using any programming language
USA FEMA Flood Zone Polygons and Metadata
MIMIC-III: Negative cultures and microbiologyevents
O-ring dataset with thickness, Shore hardness, and diameter
Android TV - Software Manual - Structure of Each Screen (UX look)
NYC Crime Dataset
Flipping through API pages
Is it possible to find a torrent that is not linked to from a site?
What year do the BLS occupational datasets represent?
postal code boundaries for Yukon Territory, Canada
MRI scanners in the United States with teslas
nhamcs design on survey package (R)
Dataset of rent prices in US Cities
Node-attributed graph datasets
Granular Data of US Census Population (zip code, block or household)
Shape files for Colleges/Universities?
Where to find source data for incubation/onset/duration time of reported US cases Salmonella food poisoning?
UNIFIL "Blue Line" barrel marking coordinates
searching for WMS for canada weather
wikipedia page: get the list of all links with their wikidata ids
Where to find georeferenced VFR Navigation Chart
What is the latest US Census Data I can access to?
Finding Reasonable Global Unemployment and Literacy Data
How to download geology data for Argentina and Chile
Postal codes of China
wikidata: (when) will it be possible to query for wikipedia page links?
Are there translation probabilities for major language pairs?
Implications of "For official use only"
Wiki site for consumer medical device feature comparison tables?
Incidence and prevalence of tendinopathies
Roadworks datasets or API services
Repository for published data from medical studies
Number of lines of codes an average programmer touches per year?
Any Open Data Sets for the (Football) Euro Cup (in France 2016)?
Database or list of romanized chinese names and last names?
Plastics dataset (US)
Images of Cars with License Plates from Respective Countries
GTINs (Global Trade Item Numbers) - Database New requirement for Google shopping
Open-source DB of consumer package goods attributes
Master Song Database containing popular titles and artists
Index in Google Trends
Getting drug register information through API
Machine Learning Data Sets searchable by statistical properties
USA census historical demographic data
How can I validate OASIS XML files?
Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews dataset
Maritime traffic data as bulk download or API
Statistics for Disabled Veterans in Residential Homes
Where to find a complete list of products by model number of all major US brands?
A calendar of future EO satellites pass based on location
Dataset of spirometric surveys
Government procurement bids
Historical rates of depression, anxiety or any mental illness
Age, Weight and Height dataset
what is the api call for getting all the inspection records, instead of getting default 200 records
Automobile accident data in India
Whats the simplest way to get 1000 twitter handles of users in USA who are less than 21 years of age?
Extracting Twitter profiles based on page followed
Where can I find automobile insurance claims data set?
Financial agricultural data for Chile's different regions
Looking for patients who took stool softener drugs on their first admission
Individual-level data (e.g. survey) with information on sexual orientation
Are there relationships between Knowledge Management and Ontologies?
Publish Media content data to omni channel
Need Resource suggestions about Indicators and Signs in Governmental Open data
Should the testing of my learning algorithm be restricted only on standard datasets or can I use any dataset to publish my results?
Progresa/Oportunidades dataset
Data from the Great Lakes Science Center's Annual Bottom Trawl and Acoustics Surveys
Natural language corpora dataset with time stamps
Same-sex couple data from American Community Survey (ACS)
Is the data on the OpenFEC API current?
Past Lightning (weather) data
Is there an open standard for the CAFR (Comprehensive Annual Finance Report)?
Automating NOAA reanalysis data download
Basepairs from the Human Genome Project
Mobile applications usage
Any geospatial irrigation data for the UK?
Data on percentage of name in the UK and US
Bids on apartments
Daily access pattern of a real cloud storage
Is there any picture corpus?
where can i find time series data sets of Australian beer consumption?
Contaminated land data for Scotland?
De-duping follow-up reports
Directory of professional vertical web services
USA Road Network Data Set Options?
Historical and Current Houses Listed for Sale within Price Ranges
Where can I get metrics data on one retail store, for 3 - 4 years time?
MIMIC II WAVEFORM V2 and V3 annotation file
Is there any source to download German data set for crop disease incidences for last 20-50 years?
Expamples of municipal decisions register published as open data
Where is the 2014/15 College Scorecard Data (US Dept. of Education)?
Publicly available high frequency financial datasets
Netflix Data set
E-cigarette accidents
Sample Landbase data for Bharatpur Area,India
Are there any Open datasets for Human Resources?
Citation Network Dataset
Queryable source of large cities
SWIFT routing codes for all global banks
How to modify SOFA query to obtain daily SOFA up to day 7 in MIMIC 3?
feature importance analysis
Getting data on real property sales
Data on jcpenneys sales
Academic research laboratories
Indian Newspaper Archive
Lobby meetings of European Commission - Integrity Watch
Download wikipedia dump and save in raw text form
Data on glaciers
Open Data Portal/Software for Live Measurements: is there any?
Suggestions for Canadian (Metro Vancouver) Housing Open Data Sources
Data on hurricanes?
Large discretely labelled biological data sets
Is there a pre-2011 public version of USA's Social Security Death Master File?
Precipitation and temperature GIS data for Pacific Basin
The W3C's tabular-data-model is de facto in use?
Extract all data from ckan
CC-SA (without BY) has been "Retired", but I want to use it anyway. Recommendations?
"Animals!" decision tree dataset
List of countries that do not have psychiatric hospitals
Historic weather data for Germany in 1938
World height and weight by age distributions?
dataset on emergency response
Data about what kind of entities appear on public web pages
is there an open API for healthcare's medicaid / CHIP eligibility?
Telecommunication Customer churn Dataset
Where can I get happiness data from the Gallup World Poll?
Spatial Wind Direction/Speed Data
Rules and regulations of all airlines in one site for consumers to compare
Wind region Data for New Zealand
The data from "Data: A Collection of Problems from Many Fields for the Student and Research Worker" by Andrews and Herzberg
Rainfall, climate change data
Where can I find a products feed/catalogue .xml from any online store with <g:google_product_category>?
API for H1B Records
How to associate the MIMIC II Waveform Matched database to the MIMIC III Clinical database?
high resolution (< 1.24km/pixel) physical map with global coverage?
Where can I find UK local authority to county lookup?
Dataset of soccer betting odds and game results
Want to understand MIMIC III warning in table Chartevents
What kind of spreadsheet/application are the Socrata datasets built on?
QCLCD vs. ISD Lite for U.S. data
Scientific poster printing prices
API or dataset of fashion products
Where can I find the synset/name mapping for the ILSVRC2012 data set?
Deterministic time series
What are examples of open data platforms for government, with support for Arabic language?
Anti-infringment IP list
From where can I get hourly weather forecast data of Europe?
Factoid question-answer pairs based on tables
Location of USPS Mail Boxes
Is there an open postgreSQL dump for geospatial data?
DOI with source code, slide or poster
Getting a full list of companies registered in Malta
MIMIC dataset : How to find time since first admission
Is the protocol different for accessing data.dol.gov and api.dol.gov?
NBA game timeseries data
Time Series for Regression
Ookla/NetIndex data dump
A list of all the banks by country
The unit for blood cell number is different in labevent. How could I unify them?
Garages known to fraudulently upsale
First and last date in YYYY-MM-DD format of ISO 8061
Reliable point spatial data of cities of New Zealand
Data used in Reinhart & Rogoff's "Growth in a Time of Debt"
Where can I find the data for secular bull and bear markets?
Outbound sales call center data
Cover letters written along with research paper submission
Historical arthritis rates for Americans since 1990 to present
Median age by state/city in Germany?
Get specific metadata from a group of open databases
Gas price per station dataset
Asking for Diagnostic database Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL)
List of English Nouns and their Plural Form
dataset with date of birth of both partners and date of marriage/divorce
Getting Started with the OpenFDA API
US Individual Income averages by county and age brackets
FTPing the National Centers for Biotechnology Information (NCBI)
How to simulate stock exchange data (OHLC chart) realistically?
Where can I find the possibility of a drought this summer in my area?
Murder rate by city/state in Germany?
List US supermarkets as defined by the Blue Cash Everyday
Open Human Computer Interaction datasets?
Transaction dataset over multiple years
CKAN Harvester Issues
mimic-iii - Age adjustment for >89 year olds
MOOC budget dataset
Apple Product Sales
Molecular concentration versus altitude
Where do I get data to train a program?
Grocery store sales data in the US
Given a DOI pointing to a resource, how can I programmatically know whether the access to the resource is free of charge?
Getting updated date for all the endpoints through an API
Open audio segmentation datasets?
MOOC dataset with opening and removal dates
Directory of publicly available polling data
Linking PMIDs with ORCID iDs
How does PubMed obtain papers' metadata?
Using Google's Custom Search api
Livestock Diseases in Indiana
Setting up a private instance
Past medical/medication history in MIMIC-III
Vertical profiles of water vapor
Open databases on how doctors and their patients use technology
Given a PMID, how can I get the list of PMIDs of papers citing it?
Surveys which capture income of individuals and other details
Where can I find city/town boundaries in UK?
French newspaper dataset
Library of human faces with tags for displayed emotions
For openFDA, is there a way to get the counts of every drug for a particular adverse event?
List of Benign URLs
USA National Power Grid Regions
Need dataset of english letters
Contractual data over multiple years
why do legal descriptions of property differ from DB to DB?
US Fire Database
Bulk processing XBRL into MySQL
Where can I find gene expression data for melanoma?
MEDLINE®/PubMed dataset as a relational database (e.g., MySQL)
In the famous LaLonde dataset what treatment does "treat" represent?``
Is it possible to request an api key for each one of my users, using their registered email?
Land cadastre USA
Catasto terreni ITALY
Where to save the event JSON files for openFDA locally?
Where to get hourly weather data for Moscow region
Nightclub flyer dataset
How do I run openFDA API locally?
UK river and catchment files for GIS
Blood pressure annotated with beat onsets
Geospatial data at a particular lat/long
Historic Thompson-Reuters CRB Data?
Electricity consumption dataset
NEISS injury dataset - machine readable coding for characterizations
United States Ports of Entry -- Historical and Current
Dataset of shell commands with corresponding sentences
Searching for data on breast feeding
Is there a site that has comprehensive list of data, along with descriptions, meta data etc?
Can SPARQL modify data like SQL? Or is it read-only?
How to add a claim to an existing Wikidata item, from command line?
ThemeClassification Datasets - Clean Versions
Data on startups by Metro cities
Customer Review Dataset with Label Classification
Database of Diacritics
openFDA API - ingredient and product name queries give bad results - is it me?
Looking for an open database of individual human whole-head structural magnetic resonance images
Writing a script to mimic openFDA's count query
Number of ultrasound machines per country
Any libraries for SEC Forms, such as a 10Q, as an Interface?
Is there a free collection of icons like the Noun Project?
Dataset of cars with required steering effort
2-Yr Colleges' Salary Data In College Score Card
Public Company Subsidiary Data
openFDA: 510k update frequency
Accuracy of LODES dataset
Transport related data set - Milano or Trentino
OpenFDA API - how to query on drug name with more than one word
prison population by ethnicity, nationality, and year, for each country
What fraction of digital health care data is openly accessible?
Physical exercises with muscle activation
Dataset on molecular temperature / speed
Yelp datasets: Business name, phone number, and address
Slimmed Down Nutrient Composition Database
Injuries caused by celebratory gunfire
Is there a newspaper or online magazine with a REST API for article comments?
Are there any examples or best practice for encapsulating large open data sets into R packages?
Where can I find some open datasets of biological data and biomedical informatics data?
Individualized heart beat data linked with heart disease
I get 'certificate verify failed' URLError when trying to download data from openFDA
Where to find medical related data?
Where to find Rule based classification data
Australian Crime Data
Supermarket Product Data
Randomized control trials with budget
Race, cross-race, and cross culture tolerance data
Average monthly weather data by city, over the world?
General Debate in UN General Assembly
Where do I find data of all companies in this world?
Where can I find open database with food product names and their calories?
Semantic dictionary of English language
A few datasets: IP4/6, MAC, Cell ID
How does a company upgrade open data to the point where it is proprietary, or copyrightable?
Open database with incidence of diseases by their ICD-10 codes?
OutPan Question
Chinese demographic data (age, gender)
Machine readable format to report results of randomized control trials
Is there a geo-referenced directory of hospitals, labs, providers and their network affiliations for the US and Canada?
priority roads data
Where can one find reliable, canonical (geo) data for Germany PLZ (postal zip codes)?
Ground truth dataset
Unemployment benefits coding in U.S. SIPP data
Veteran employment statistics
Opinion surveys about specific tax rates
Looking for geospatial .shp files with specific format
Is there any dataset for images which contains each object name?
Precomputed Eigenfaces
Filter in Get Request from DOL data
Secondary schools Ireland, UK & Finland
How would I get data on people with disabilities?
Dataset of English Poetry
Finding central line placement date on MIMIC-III Dataset
Federal Reserve - Tremendous amount of data
Small Sample of Clickstream data
What is a "featured site" in the context of open data?
If Wordpress is an appropriate tool for loading open data into a system's front end, what would I use for the backend?
How can I deploy a sci-kit learn model when the data in use are .csv files?
Football (Soccer) player physical data (weight and height) over time
Where is a lookup table for rail stations in ERPC – Eastern Railroad President's Conference Codes?
Library methods with date of introduction
is there data sets for emojis?
Looking for Hotel prices dataset
Scraping data from a PDF in HTML - table recognition
Where is the "MIMIC-III Waveform Database"?
How do we query the college score card and just get all data but only for a given year?
Pharmaceutical firm data
Dataset of judicial decisions in France
find all renault garages in France
Downloading wikipedia data from specific url
Where to find ATM/branch cash replenishment dataset?
Non-ASCII Unicode symbols with their word equivalents
Where can I find data set of tweets of users?
Dataset of documents and user libraries
Are doses in inputevents_mv correct?
Need list of cities/municipalities of Germany along with population density
Time series data on construction cost
Team-sport play data, in particular ball passes
Water Pollutant or Contaminant Dataset
Where is the real beginner's guide
Are there any APIs that find the shortest sea distance between two points, given the latitude and longitude?
Where can I find a database with indexes, equities, forex, etc?
what is the exactly relationship between the diagnoses priority and the treatment in MIMIC-III?
Visualizing what airlines fly in the US Airports
Difference of implementations of the SQL standard in different relational database management system (RDBMS)
Are there datasets of latitude, longitude, and a land/water indicator?
Hospital infection data
Historical (pre-war) data on cities and towns in Germany
UK lookup table for Postal Code (explicitly)
Pasadena - Mobile sightings data
openFDA endpoints not updated in over 2 months. Has this project been abandoned?
Looking for extensive world population time series including both data and estimates
Pokemon Go Data API
Load NSF Research Award Abstracts in Python or R
Find Density and/or Height of a Storm Cloud in a given Location
US Universities and colleges with city/town state?
MIMIC-III: How the patients take their prescriptions exactly?
Seeking a food product taxonomy
US Urban Areas 15k+ in KML?
Where can I find data on school holidays in Spain?
Data about olive fruits, oil, pomace
Attacks on refugee homes in Germany
Highly periodical time series datasets?
How does open data differ in quality depending on the source?
Vasopressor and antibiotics in MIMIC3
Berlin, Germany building data set
Solved Programming Challenges Dataset
What are the current most challenging MNIST-like tasks aiming to achieve the lowest error rate?
News events around the world
how to download database from united nations website
Problem submitting form in XML format - Can we submit it in CSV format?
Does MIMIC-III have patients with atrial fibrillation & knee osteoarthritis?
A sample historical online trading data to download?
Gold standard dataset for entity recognition in email
Traffic/roadworks record for Greater London
Recent statistics for average percentage of first-generation college students at 4-year institutions?
How can I access open data for non-U.S. governments?
download Great Britain boundaries as shapefile for GIS
Product data (Images, nutritional, ingredients, descriptions etc.) for vitamins & supplements
Where can I find university/college addresses for the entire world?
Intelligence quotient (IQ) data based on birthdate and/or other factors
How does the U.S. government prioritize open data gathering?
mean/median age for each US zip code
Get coordinates form TMC (Traffic Message Channel) location codes
Audio Datasets Featuring Different Speakers Saying the Same Sentence (English)?
Where can I find a database of scholarships?
what are the best ways to build / scrape an open-sourced data set of a retailer type (e.g. tobacco retailers?)
Twitter - Labelling system for sentiments and other things
Historical Summer Olympics Medal Counts?
Will open data foster a common set of "metadata" standards?
What are the most common issues with data cleaning (e.g. outliers, duplicates)? Who has data sets that need to be prepared for analysis?
Data on cultural diversity dimensions
Global Fiber Optic Data
How to be resourceful in finance data science area?
TV viewership data
Regarding Fortune 500 Companies
Quebec Provincial Crown Lands
How to obtain airline data
Fire incidents data
National Incident-Based Reporting System (NIBRS) Data?
Database of Cars in Qatar
World Cup Winners
Fracking Cost per Barrel of Oil
Major Flood Events in Indonesia
Where to get basic business info such as address and phone number?
USAID Historical Data Access
Medication order in Prescription table
Sample datasets for machine learning application in hiring
Sales Tax Data for NYC
House of representatives elections data from 1996-2012
openFDA - update notice:: further clarification
Sequential Compression Device (SCD) records in MIMIC
Given start & end dates without year, where can I find average daily high & low temperatures for a given city?
AP Newspaper Membership Records
How to Navigate Wikileak Torrents (wlstorage.net)?
Data set for Mcdonalds
Where can I get list of states of all countries?
Where to get usa coastline/shoreline data
How to access DOL's ETA data?
How to get urls of entries in wikipedia list articles?
Vehicle Traffic Vendor
postcode mappings for English/England regions
Get section and page title from a list of articles in Wikipedia via API
Where to get data list of Corporate Meeting Planners?
Dataset of hardware benchmarks
Open anonimized ATM transactions dataset
Is there any international public transport data?
LIDAR data for Japan
openFDA: Is There an Open Database of Which Drugs are Approved for the Treatment of Which Illnesses?
Does MIMIC-III have imaging data? If so, how can i access it?
Binary classification: Datasets in which people make binary decisions about binary outcomes
Crosswalk for State Crime Statutes
Is there a dataset having multiple files and multiple data formats (JSON+CSV+XML) for research purpose etc.?
Find relative frequency of file or MIME types
Is iTunes api free for commercial use?
Vending Machine Transaction logs
Case studies on community capacity to use or create open data?
is there a search class for whether the drug was taken in hospital or not?
Chance of dying within a year by age, gender, and country?
Neutral sentiments training set - Resources
annotated flower / plant image dataset
Given an EmbaseID, is there any way to programmatically retrieve the abstract?
Which RDF predicates to use to annotate: fileX "has hash" 01ABCF "of type" sha256 "downloaded from site" http://url/to/page?
What is the simplest way to gather twitter data ongoing?
Adverse Events Reported Term + MEDDRA coding dataset
Bulk genealogy data
Any data on average income by district in Seoul, South Korea?
How to include sub-classes in a Wikidata SPARQL query? (example: when querying "bands", include "rock bands")
How to get all Wikidata items in a country?
How to extract data from web files?
How does the NAICS system worK?
Dataset with the location of world fishing grounds
Comprehensive database of world universities
House Price Data in UK by LSOA
How to get the Status of the LCA using Its ETA CaseNumber?
Does an anonymous (personal) financial portfolio data collection exist?
Mapping Embase Accession Numbers with other paper IDs
Clickstream sample data set
price of commercial real estate (office space) per zip code
TED-LIUM transcripts (text files only)
Finding patients who went under vasopressor use in MIMIC-III
Wikidata label language: How to fallback to ANY language?
Lending Club dataset "complete" with credit scoring
Satellite Images of Earth from low altitude
Laser scans of buildings / cities
On average, in the United States, when the youngest child of a husband and wife turns 18 years of age, what are the ages of the parents?
Where can I find a data set with 1000 records of kidney patients?
Find UK daily flow discharge data with gaps in the time series
Bargaining Data
Historical weather forecast compared to actual weather?
Where can I find average GPA data by graduate year and college, and ideally by major too?
Finding LiDAR data for London Borough of Camden?
Median and Mean Household Income at the County Level back to 1990
Dataset of Home Appliance Usage
Is it correct to use a full URI as a parameter to another operation?
Looking for service to get movie posters? Need authorized use of the content
Is there a way to ask a CKAN repository only for changed datasets after a certain time?
Carto Help in minimizing geographic dataset
Collegescorecard - individual-level anonymized data
List of things users might be interested in
workday population data for germany
Questions and answers from answers.semanticweb.com
Text Fields Extraction Tools Recommendation
Number of people over age 65 in each ZCTA for each year since 2005
I am looking for good german <-> czech dictionary in text format(or something else)
Seeking high resolution transportation map of North Carolina?
Where is ZCTA/CBSA relationship file for 2016?
Canada storm reports
Mental health diagnosis datasets?
Where can I get a shapefile for English Local Education Authorities
Immunological Genome dataset
Suggest Scientific papers collection with precision and recall for pre-judge query dataset
Google Trends weekly data
Free Vehicle Database including ground clearance data
What API can I use to retrieve HealthCare Data?
People from the Nordics Living Abroad
UK Life Expectancy (Either HLE or LE) by small area
Get QID from Wikidata label name, via SPARQL
In the World bank database, why is there no GDP data for switzerland between 1970 and 1979?
Simple elevation data for Europe
Obtaining data sets for solved murder
US Presidential Election by County
Existence of a diseases/symptoms database
NJ Highway accident hot spots
Bikesharing datasets
Historical NCAA football poll rankings by week?
Government survey that includes detailed job titles
Open data in US which can provide with live traffic?
Compare geographical data on accomodation with external factors
Data for vehicle speed and altitude at Nürburgring
Looking for panel dataset
How are national average calculated in consumer website?
Raw data on sexual behavior
Country City Population database
Public domain data for sample/training purposes
Best way to get Open Data Community to Engage (Attend/Volunteer) at The White House Open Data Summit?
Can I get dataset of google queries asked by people in a particular time period?
User complaint/review description for running nlp-ner on telecom(preferably) data
Telemetrics datasets for vehicles
Where can I find a dataset containing legal documents?
MIMIC III: timestamps are shifted by several years... is that normal?
Examples and experiences of text and datamining use of open data?
Where can I find historical College Scorecard Data
US Census Block Internal Points
Can anyone HELP provide codes to import 'CHARTEVENTS' and 'NOTEEVENTS' in sas or R?
Has CKAN been used as a data portal for any Open Science initiatives by an academic institution?
Historical land cover (land use) in Central Asia
How can I convert xy line-plots to textual data values?
Where can I get OCD Division of a state's district_court based on an address?
NDC 11 digit CMS/HIPAA to NDC dash-format code
Bittorrent usage for distributing open science-data?
Locus of Control Test Results
Access ECMWF Data via python script
Are there IDs that can be used to access entries on Bloomberg's Private Company Search?
Download historical financial data
Data set for Social Commerce
Finding ward level administrative boundary data for india?
Where can I get a data set of medical information of healthy people?
Audio Conversational Dataset?
Where can I find the graduate school college scorecard data
What are the sites to download kidney function datasets?
Dataset for consumer digital media
How to search multiple tags in a Socrata site?
Cost of retirement housing in the regionally in the UK
Diabetic vs non-diabetic dataset
How to get the property name for a specific ID?
Hadoop open source design and implementation
Violent/Non-Violent News Headlines from the Past
Nicknames database
GPS or Printable map?
Looking for specifically distributed dataset for classification task
Remix Music Audios
why the total number of datasets sometimes smaller but sometimes bigger than before?
Seeking land parcel data having cost of land for each land parcel for states of Gujarat and Maharashtra in India?
Constructing a WordNet-like tree from the Wikidata dataset?
Searching for database for Colorado soils that goes back to 1990's
Is there a way to query openFDA for drug pair interaction?
Why are the values of some variables different in the current version (updated on Sept 13, 2016)?
Is there a database of actions commonly associated with specific nouns?
Tracts in a Place from Census API
Where can I find a nationwide breakdown - by race - of police detentions that did not result in an arrest or citation?
Satellite Images on OPeNDAP
Criminal news stories
Acquiring Used Car Sales Prices
International Education Spending
What public datasets of radiology reports exist?
MIMIC-III Inputevents_mv 'Rewritten' value
Open large datasets on human body temperature?
Data Set of all registered Defined-Benefit Pension schemes in the UK
Daily Reimbursement Rate for ROWPU
Cellular data subscription costs
Open sports data
What is the difference between Census TIGER and Gazetteer data?
Percentage of radio stations that are terrestrial stations versus Internet stations
Sports Clubs & Facilities
satellite imagery data for crop identification
Traffic camera datasets
Spatial Data for Srilanka & Bangladesh
Climate change projections for Europe/Germany
Speed Limit Data For ArcGIS: Metro Atlanta Region
Matching 1980s address data to 1990 census geoid10?
Is there a way to access Microsoft Academic data set listed on Microsoft DataMarket?
Open dataset containing distance between states in the USA
European roads toll cost
Official Help and Support on customising CKAN
Cars Registered in London and Paris Last Century (1900-1940)
Data set of automobile performance
Is Wikidata up to date with Wikipedia?
UK Open Retail Locations Data
Up-to-date Global Lake Information and Data
Processing Times
Wikipedia: How to activate email notification from watchlist?
What open access journals are there in the fields of psychology, neuroscience, behaviour, etc.?
What standards are available for classifying Organizations and Businesses?
Where can I find subtitled recordings of university courses?
Geometries for census tracts in 2012 and 2013 ACS 5 Releases
multivariate competing risks failure-time data set
Wikidata: QueryTimeoutException: Query deadline is expired
What does a "null" result mean in the Census ACS API?
UK Weather Data Service
How strictly are "universal design" standards enforced in open data?
Where can I find machine readable transcribed text of the 2016 Presidential speeches and debates?
Dataset/database for the evolution of world's political entities (countries) along the years?
River rapids list and coordinates
Looking for data on Eastern European scientists working in Western Europe
Czech republic population income dataset
How do I read these IRS SOI Tables for Individual Income?
How might I go about linking databases of business records to ratings data (such as yelp or google places)?
Where can I get maven central updates?
A dataset with ~10 million rows
On Exchange plans mixed in with Off Exchange plans
Monthly/Daily UK Rainfall Data
How can I leverage machine learning in my Business Intelligence/Data warehouse? Request
Dataset for reapeated measures
Publishing (structured?) data about products: information about products, barcodes, photos (incl. packaging)
Endpoint not returning expected data based on NDC package code
What format is NASAs JPL Data Dictionary written in?
Open Data for software options
API for 1990 Census geographies
What encoding does the Census use in TIGER data?
To fetch bigger dataset from twitter
How can I obtain public transport data for Hong Kong / Shenzhen?
Where to get archive tweets?
Labeled data: two concentric circles i.e. a cluster encircled by different clusters
HealthCare Finder API Version 2 and 3 Functionality Differences
Are there any free real estate properties database out there?
Access to 5m Terrain data for flood modelling
Open datasets like the GigaWord for text summarization?
Dataset of Japanese company industries and HQ locations?
Actual text and corrected text? Or autocorrect data?
Looking for a satellite imagery dataset
How to publish annual datasets?
Where can I get information on US congress and government?
Looking for complete sensor datasets from a production process
How to get the road traffic data of India?
Merging social care expenditure data to NHS trust data
Parcel map and/or snow load KMZ?
Collecting Real Estate Data in the US
Query OpenFDA by UPC
Minimum wage data via DoL API
Zimbabwe Satelitte Imagery
Open/Public Data Sources For Land-Cover/Vegetation Data In The Provinces of British Columbia and Alberta, Canada?
Getting 403 Error While Accessing FPPlanQuotes API
Can I share informations from USA company register?
Looking for specific Sales Dataset
Good web-service based API for getting the latest CME Globex future data
Seeking free GIS data for USA equivalent to Swedish General Map?
City boundaries for Europe
Drill Core Stratigraphic Data
Popularity of programming libraries
Where can I find the number of banks by country?
San Francisco Housing Data
Large datasets with user-reported birthdates (preferably older records)
Top Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient Sales in US During 2016 (Current Year) Dataset(s)?
mimic-iii question about ICD9
Geospatial Canadian Socioeconomic Data
Where can I find historical data for Italian weather (especially for hail storm)?
Where can I find dataset for product characteristics and its possible values?
Searching for a survey data to perform data analyses
Database of consumer (food) product ownership
How to download GNU makefile for windows to work with MIMIC III
Extracting P&ID Reference and the drawing number from a PDF Isometric drawing into excel
Sexuality and first kissing and kissing questionnaire
How do I recover CIPCODE string values when data was exported to .csv as numbers?
Open data quality frameworks
Any open dataset for football stadium coordinates
Indian health related data sets from research point of view
Mimic iii - Are the months of the year accurate to the actual months?
Is there a data set for all vehicle accidents in USA?
Where can I find data that shows USAID development assistance in the Congo?
Data on building locations and characteristic in France
USA 2016 election demographic data
Where is voter data from the recent General Election?
Individual precinct voting data for Pennsylvania
Canadian and USA Administrative Boundary Data Service
XLS or CSV Historic EDGAR CIK list, for a specific state?
OpenStreetMap: Finding shape dimensions from a query
List of New Jersey businesses sorted by zip code and SIC code
OSHA Occupational Chemical Database
Is there a dataset for the Federal congressional voting record?
Reddit comments labeled data-set for sentiment analysis?
Hate crime dataset in the United States
Labeled dataset for sentiment analysis
Survey Creation in Microsoft Access
Realtime Nationwide (or as many states possible) Auto Crash/Incident data
how to search archive.org for PDF files on a captured website between some date range
2016 US national election exit poll data
Making changes to data already posted
Free Cadastral Map
Running statistics from real users
How to classify EEG and ECG signals
List of all world cities with populations over 100,000
Does data change between versions of mimic III database?
Seeking spatialized Employment Information for England?
is there a dataset of financial blogs?
Introduction to Statistical Thought - med.1000 dataset
Tweets organized by regional location and period of time?
Elevation data by latitude and longitude for the Grand Canyon
Postal code boundaries for India?
Sources for federal funding of local governments
Availability of descriptive ship metadata
Email data set with plain text emails for spam classification
Water Quality/Infectious Disease Data
Toy problem for RNNs in computer vision
Dataset of US local, state, federal contact phone numbers?
List of every city and town in the world?
What are some good databases of wind speed and direction to use as training data for machine learning?
Sources of weather data
Scraping product image from eCommerce websites
Accessibility categories for social media data
North American housing and real-estate appraisal data
Seeking shapefile of Cumbria (county) outline?
traffic statistics by roads or parts of any German city
Personal information dataset
Free CDN (content delivery network) serving US Census shapefiles?
Movie review blog posts with view count, likes etc
Animal size database query
Accessing NREL data for specific wind turbines?
Music database like IMDb
Python crashing when trying to read zipped json files
Where to find Geology data for Europe - GIS
Making sense of US census summary tape files?
Worldclim and Interpolation
ChartEvents Column ValueEOM
free astronomical datasource with the oldest historical data
Historical Climate Data with High Resolution
Cyber Monday Traffic Data
Running openFDA api locally
Emmy Award winners
Clinical dataset
National Spanish soccer lotteries - La Quiniela and El Quinigol datasets
Running Data / Race Data
How to Geocode coordinates?
Database of injuries of inmates while awaiting trial in jail
Services used to collect training data for Machine Learning
Olympic speed skating data, beyond final standings
US phone area code city/state database?
Wharton Research Data Service - Need to query/download comScore dataset
US Population/Housing Data?
Real-time data APIs
Evaluations of programs that aim to reduce gender-based violence?
Indian Religions/Castes List?
Aerial or high quality satellite images from one area at different times in a day?
Database of lots in Tokyo
DBPedia missing important smartphones
US Election Twitter Data
Books by category published annually in Ireland
Health Care industry data for Hospitals/Urgent Cares, etc
USPS drop box locations in NYC?
OPenFDA API - querying on dosage_and_administration_table _exists_ not working
How to read Data.gov Data Update Frequency code
Retrieving Amazon product reviews?
Any sources for UV light exposure on land for various geographies?
Hong Kong geocoding data
Classifiable data where the features change over time
GML with geographic information
Documentation for spatial USAID DDL data
English queries to GIS systems
Can anyone else unzip the DBLP data?
Open data on cyber bullying?
Forest inventory and lidar
Permits of US metropolitan areas
Highlight regions of the US map
Setting up an offline Tile Server for Terrain Data
Can I use SpotifyCharts for getting music album, artists and song names for US using Spotify API for commercial use?
Retrieve periodic table information from wikidata
London bus stops registry
Database of Press Releases
Shapefile of European Union regions and districts
Data source for names demography analysis?
get label (Name) instead QID field
How do US agencies connect their APIs to Data.gov's registration system?
Shapefile of Malaysia Postal codes?
US county-level data on population and urbanization rates 1950-2010
US county-to-county and/or state-to-state migration flows - historic data for the 20th century
Fleet (Transportration) Dataset
marines with breast cancer stationed at camp lejeune from 1952-1987
Dbscan time duration gauge
Where can I find a list of latin words?
Are there anonymized medical records publicly available for research?
New Jersey Dairies
English vocabulary by levels
GRE results by graduating institution
Seasonal Sales Data for time Series Analysis
Publicly available transaction data
MIMIC III - C-Reactive protein
Graph representation of NUTS-3 regions to determine adjacency
Database of arpabets sounds
2016 Fort McMurray Wildfire Aerial Street Level Images with Exif GIS
Is there any source available to read more about O-clustering ? (Orthogonal Partitioning Clustering)
Where can I find earthquake resistant school design?
Data on the number of cats and dogs kept as pets in Asia and Africa
Is there any place that hosts open flight status information with an API?
Data of GDP values of cities in the world
Experimental data
Video dataset for abnormal event detection in bank ATM?
get item's properties know QID
Dataset on bilateral trade in services between India and other nations
Using cURL with data.dol.gov
Looking for a data-set of server performance data
Can LCAs Be Populated/Submitted Through A Third Party Application?
Collecting data on private rooftop characteristics?
looking for a joke/humorous/cartoon data set
Looking for an api to search for songs and artist?
What specifications are out there for the precision required to store money?
Get Historic Temperature Data by GPS and Timestamp Using R
Large time-series data for learning
Census India, population by religion - village (ward) level
Open sourced LiDAR dataset?
How to download all the ophthalmic devices data from device classification end point in openFDA
Travel Trip Diaries
Data Set request: Blood donation data
Data for the number of departing tourists in each country?
Download an ancient Digital Elevation Model (DEM)
Dead Sea historical measurements 1930s to 1970s
Where can I get consistent global map data for topology and environmental properties?
Mapping PUMA Codes to TIGER/line shapefiles
Source of coordinated for very small world globe
Rural road/field dataset
Match Excel Spread Sheet of Addresses to State Legislator
Sub-city-level data on criminal behavior – without relying on crime reports?
School Closing Due to Snow or Bad Weather
How to find the amount of Mylan revenue generated for doxycycline hyclate drug
Where can I find historical business address data for specific types of businesses?
Shapefile for traditional culture areas of the Americas
Corpus of Iranian surnames
Non-Paid Opportunities to Teach Coding to Children?
Open Satellite Map Tiles for offline use
Looking for ways to estimate average household sizes based on their incomes (US census data)
I need to motorway map of the UK as data in CSV format
What is the percentage of internet users in the USA? Discrepancy between Google result and World bank data
Cancer imaging, clinical and genomic data request
Corpus of utterances and transcribed words for testing speech recognition algorithms
Geodata of Great Wall of China
Is there a dataset of temperatures in India before 1947?
Data set of Air waybills
Merging Pitchf/x tables Correctly
Cross-cutting U.S. Government data retention policies and rules?
Trying to link ZIP code to core-based statistical area
Clark County Nevada Parcel GIS data
Angeles National Forest Trail data
Reference year for College Scorecard loan repayment rate
How can I register a new API key for api.data.gov programatically?
MIMIC-II query builder unavailable for running query on waveform table
Boundary coordinates of the states/cities/provinces of germany
Bathymetric data of European lakes
Future updates to college scorecard?
Remotely sensed estimate of mangrove area for all of the Galapagos Islands
Where can I get updated list of mcc and mnc (official) of whole world?
Looking for a Canadian vegetation layer?
Ski resort snow conditions / forecast API
Rental / Loan Agreement Document Database
Selecting subjects with specific waveform types
Datasets with confidence ratings and ground truths
Stream/River depth GIS shapefile for contiguous United State
Is there any api that can be used to classify/find a company's industry?
I am looking for a list of the biggest european hospitals in Europe by number of beds
Sci-Hub Download Requests Data
Is there any api that can be used to find a company's NACE code (industry code)?
Looking for geographic information on Veterans with PTSD
Company bankruptcy filings: updated daily, optionally historical
Meme Caption Database
UK postcode sector coordinates
Data on shop/restaurant discounts (preferably UK)
Is there any open data-set for sentence segmentation?
GIS data for Keystone XL Pipeline?
Creating NER Tagging Benchmark Corpus
Textual and corresponding image datasets
Internal company data: policy and documentation
Where can I find dataset for University acceptance rate for college athletes?
Info based on page title?
How to work around or resolve a Census.gov IP-Blacklist?
Is public information obtained through FOIA an example of Open Data?
Temporal Network data and Animal hierarchy time stamped network data set
Swiss Canton Level Data Request on unemployment and social spending
Is there a standardized mapping from Olson timezones to 3-letter codes?
Easily browsable atlas of current climate normals for Europe
Drug coverage by health insurance
Where can I download IGARSS 2012 data fusion contest data?
There are some "Right of Knowledge Acquisition" in the Right to education?
Corpus for intention mining
US-County level - median income 1930 to 1990
Contents of Song Books, Real Books, Sheet Music Collections
Retail analytics dataset for use in a paid course
Diesel exhaust data, road vs. test lab
Open data with AB test results
reference to share on best practices
IMDB dataset on Kaggle and copyright explanation
Epinions extended dataset search
Data on trade - annual imports and exports country to country
Relationship Diagram software
Are there any public agencies which are currently streaming real-time video data?
looking for all massachusetts childcares dataset
US freight railroad networks, stations, yards and junctions
Largest employers in each US Congressional district
How to get "historical" shapefile (road, waterways, railways, etc.) of India?
Data Sets of SCOPUS, Web Of Science and/or Google Scholar
Does a tagged data set of online news articles and associated comments exist?
Dataset of automobile factories
Over-the-counter prices of pharmaceutical drugs in the United States
The "right to mine" and scraping the web in EU
Company descriptions API?
What percent of U.S. companies outsource their accounting function?
MIMIC III medications
Real data for Markov Chains
UK region wise families with young children
What are the available datasets for fake news detection
Is there any text data set with both paragraph and document-level labels available?
Is there a large and varied syslog corpus available for download
wikipedia user data for a recommendation engine
Can anyone use this Journalism tool on UK Public Bodies?
historical data for bus arrival time at bus stop
Dataset for human body temperature, heart rate and illness
US county-level temporal economic data
Units of measurement conversion database
Measures of racism in US
IPEDS variable for automatic admissions
Blockgroup-level data on industries and occupations in California
Mapped culverts information
Dataset for IAB taxonomy text classification?
Free radar (SAR) satellite data and Optical satellite Imagery of same scene
US Hospitals by Number of Beds
Largest U.S. cities per state in 1950
Is there a dataset for OCR of handwritten texts available?
How to register in each state (U.S.)
Free world flags 4:3 dimensions
geonames.org data dump seems incomplete compared to its API?
How much did MIMIC have to pay hospitals to get access to their data?
List of U.S. trucking companies with additional info
Wikidata get property of property
How to access USAID funded project data
Average Monthly temperatures for cities around the world
Dataset with personal information (eg. gender, age) and movie preferences
Request for seismic data annotated with Earthquake/NoEarthquake labels
Getting cold calls data set
Data on US-production in each industry as defined per NAICS
Where are some examples of interesting analyses of the College Scorecard data?
Bacterial infectious diseases dataset
Looking for Bacterial/Infectious Diseases Dataset
Data License Model for "Use, don't share"?
computer data set of mozart piano sonatas
US Radiation measurements
Cancer images dataset
clinical report dataset
Data about default rates of H1B visa holders on their past student loans?
Historical Black Sea oceanographic data
Level of education required for employment over time
Is there an emotion speech detection - accurate classifier or large dataBase available publicly?
Classification system for healthcare facilities based on most common procedures
Device events has duplicating patient records
Higher Education Graduations by U.S. County
Humidity data in the US
Data missing from CollegeScorecard but in Delta Cost Project database
Mobile games demographic data
Transportation statistics for Grand Central Terminal
Where can I find highest resolution soil data from public domain in India?
ED Vitals and CHARTEVENTS prior to ICU admission
CollegeScoreCard - Earnings from 2012 for 2014 query
Acquiring Global Data on Rainfall?
Infectious disease outbreakes in Russia by region
Open Land Cover Data for Australia
Average height of Shetland Island residents
Is it possible to perform an efast 5500 filing search?
API or datasets for age & gender distributions of the world
Did terabytes of data get removed from open.whitehouse.gov in January or February 2017?
Wikipedia Article Category
Meaning of specific Code status/DNR levels
Data about past floods (in the UK)
SPARQL federation and attribution licenses?
Historic state-to-state migration in the US
Dataset for teaching trustworthy vs. untrustworthy news sources
Is there any data on actual average USPS delivery times
Where can I find data on MARTA?
API or datasets for websites demographics (age & gender distributions)
Municipality 2017 shapefile Europe
Looking for historical data on NBA player-specific salaries and other contract information
Versions of CKAN datasets and its resources
Is there hyperspectral drone imagery available for free for research
Images with symmetry parameters
Get metadata from all datasets on Socrata
US state-level: Mean and median per capita income for 1950 to today
API for localized nutrition and food data
need a client request dataset
Chronological Series of PCI
Where can I download cities' polygons in Wales and England
Smart Grid Smart City -- Customer trial data
Where Can I find Data on African Startups?
What are some time-series datasets for clustering (and classification)?
Dataset of World Cities, Counties, Localities, Provinces, and States?
Data with Revision/Version (Versioning) History?
Dataset of faces without background
Dataset of Sentences Classified by Type?
Searching by disease through openFDA API
Colorado Ski Areas GIS dataset
How can I get salary data on the gamer population in the US and/or Europe?
Where to find river flow time series for rivers in Europe?
Raw data for Central Limit Theorem
Places to find credit risk data-sets
Are there IMDb datasets with IMDb ID numbers and actor birthdates?
Global tide data - is it out there?
Open API for E numbers information
Determining a drug's approval status from ClinicalTrials.Gov/chEMBL
Getting ImageNet 21k dataset
Ozone in Fruit and Vegetable Cleaning and Storage
Looking for shapefiles of map of assembly constituencies of India?
Where Can I Find Library Utilization Data?
Dataset of planets and moons in the solar system
Does openMRS have open data?
Where can I find GIS sub-division boundary data of Saudi Arabia and Turkmenistan?
Is there a set of data points available to draw an outline of the coast of the British Isles?
A data set for click through rate
European or Danish data set that specifies roof types
Data on Surname Origins and the United States
How to download in excel/csv all the FDA drug enforcements available?
Religious Institution Survey Information
College scorecard only has 40 states?
Database or feed of software vulnerabilities, aggregated and with correlations
Interaction based recommendation system dataset
Shape dataset for classification
Vector data for Volcanic Ash Advisory Centre (VAAC) regions?
Datasets like MNIST for image classification
I am looking for Product (computer systems specifically) datasets
U.S. Census CBP Employment by year at aggregate U.S. level
Where can I get wind data for southern China for arcgis analysis? (Specifically Hong Kong)
When do Census Tracts get their boundaries adjusted?
Issues harvesting metadata from Data.gov
Download list of the name of every airport in Western languages
Human body measurements dataset
OpenFDA Bad Zip File?
Global Ground Slope Data
Does this violate copyright of music/lyrics/sound?
Any AVL raw and open data?
Oral contraceptive sales in the USA, especially Washington DC and Maryland
Long haul flight density at Dulles International Airport
Are there any datasets for electric vehicle range estimation?
Accessing historical data from the U.S. Census of Manufacturers
Contents of sheet music songbooks
public source of streaming IP addresses
What is the value of standardized metadata (e.g. OAI-PMH, LOM, Dublin Core) in the days of search engines?
Icons set to represent Wikidata classes (hospital, park, waterfall, prison, school, etc)
Where does all recipe get their on sale data?
Hydroponic/Vertical farm system historical sensor data
Is labevents table having lab values for tests before and after ICU admission?
Websites reliability database
List of houses parcel number US
Sydney bus routes kml or csv or GIS datasets
Sub-licensing an "Open Data Commons Attribution License (ODC-By) v1.0" Database
Billiards or Snooker Data
Where can I find DR Congo's electricity transport network geographic data?
New delimited shapefile for Delhi
Mimic III: clinical note match with icd9 code
A free tool to find grants from IRS 990s?
Using NOAA api to get historical hourly temperature data
Categorized Data for Deep Learning
Dataset Wanted: Classification
NSF Abstracts Dataset Update
Is there an American Community Survey dataset that provides individual-level data at the census tract level?
Are there any US Census columns that can give me information about rents with respect to the size of housing units? (bedroom, sf, etc)
Home Appliances and Energy Usage
Low resultion bathymetric and elevation data (eg ~ 20' by 20`)
Database of French companies
ArXiv data download per category
Unemployment Data
Sensor data trains dataset
Why do some patients have no clinical notes in the first 48 hours in the MIMIC-III database?
Looking for ASL letter and gesture resources (images/datasets)
City mayor/council racial demographics
Newspaper ownership data
How to find address from the Census Blocks Code?
Looking for dataset on teachers' unions membership by school district
time series for US weather
Undergrad-Total Institutional Aid Received by school
Where can I download North America Tropical Cyclones dataset?
Is there any dataset of Indian Traffics Signs?
Train Stations Open Source Point Data
C2C commerce data set
US freight commodity flows by county or BEA
List of symbols with corresponding names
Where can I get shapefiles for changing German territory during the Second World War?
How to get all U.S. census blocks within a state
List of coodinate systems with attributes
Shapefile or GeoJSON of all Caribbean Islands
How do football API's get their data?
cryptocurrency historic data in fine granularity, e.g. minute bars
Dataset of retail (chain) store locations by store number
Update on severity scores regarding code from MIMIC repository?
List of all products and their ingredients
UK Wind Speed for QGIS
UK cities longitude and latitude details
API for FCC electronic equipments radio emissions
Data set of French Communes
Photos of tree leaves
Resume Dataset Request
Word list with learning age
Crimes by Block Group for state of Michigan
Drug patent to National Drug Code (NDC) mappings?
Seeking school quality data?
UK flight paths
How is a Crunchbase organisation's address flagged as headquarters?
Receipt images database
Do US banks have reporting requirements for public money they hold?
2000 census data by block group
Is there any public database for financial transactions
Seeking Meteorological stations data for Europe, especially Denmark?
Download clean coordinates from Wikipedia Map Module: … detailed map
Types of license for OpenData
List of all UK political party/politician facebook pages
EU workforce per commune
CKAN - Find and add tags to multiple datasets can this be done?
PDB protein data as a network (graph theory graph)
Looking to add layers of Massachusetts State Senator and State Representatives to map?
UK Cities and Towns
public list of world banks
How to openFDA Query data from 2014 to present?
Trying to match convenience store names / gas station names to their corporate parent
Seeking US public school serving area boundaries
Wordnet for other languages
Can an image licensed under CC BY-NC-ND be used in free application
Aerial photos of different tide heights
Global/European soil properties database
Seeking census religious data by block group in New Jersey?
Looking for clustering dataset/usecase with large (10^5+) number of points, medium (256-2048) dimension, small k (10-max 100)
Data set for original exchange a security traded on
Data set for action recognition in trains
A health related and text based dataset
Dataset for road accidents or traffic
Human Movement Data
How the numbers of Nazi deportees from France varied over time
Where I can get the dump of WHOIS Database?
Electoral district boundaries (international)
Census data aggregated at MGRS level
Derived variable origin
Vector layer of the Jerusalem city line ("הקו העירוני")
What tool can I use to manage a researcher network bibliography?
Free publicly available 3D faces morphable models
Archive of TV schedules
Where to find healthcare practice and hospital names?
Is there any API to get list of ingredient that contains added alcohol
Neighborhood by Zip Codes for New York and Los Angeles
Can I get access to Davis Bacon Wage Determinations via this API?
How to find DEM data with attribute table for Brighton UK
Accessing raw OpenFDA data for visualizations
Dataset with Addresses and Building/Structure Type in the US
Unsolved murder rates by country/state/municipality
NEISS injury dataset - machine readable and decoded
How can I reliably host and share large data sets?
Is any Dataset for chitchat regional languages in english in watsapp, facebook messenger etc available in tensorflow
Database of manufacturers of medical devices outside US
Is there any registry of active 24/7 animal video feeds (from public IP-like cameras)?
GIS Landcover/Precipitation/Geologic Faults Data for Nepal
Aliexpress price history dataset
Criteria of Countries selection in Natural Earth Data 1:110m?
Places to get large (volume wise) datasets reasonably well formatted and free to share?
Washington, D.C. Shapefile
French word list?
Opengeocode.org account has been suspended?
Are "protocols" to usgov open data also available?
Jeypore Reserve Forest in Assam, India Shapefile
Australian post code/area shapefiles
Dairy Farms in Wisconsin and Minnesota
How avoid duplication in a data lifecycle?
Global map of rough peak wind spead, wind risk assessment, or design loads
USCIS Processing Times
Shapefile for Petrol Fueling stations across USA
wikidata extract
Sudoku puzzles of different sizes
Geocoding of Chicago crime data
OBD ii Dataset for collision dectection
UK Income and population by POSTCODES
Historical electricity prices for countries
Digital terrain models for Scotland at 1m resolution or less
centroids or boundaries of unincorporated communities
Seeking free traffic Data of the world
Elevation data API for Spain
Collection of datasets for sentence relatedness or stance classification
Sample Employee organization data?
Free ocean currents polyline/shapefile download?
Looking for labeled audio data for sentiment
Save Scraped Data to an Open Database
Free database of vehicle data and VIN
Nigeria Wards Shapefile
Drivers and Vehicles information Datasets
USA States Schools data base
Mapping between JSTOR stable ids and DOIs for Publications of the Royal Society of London
Crunchbase-Like Database(s) for Countries
How to download College Scorecard raw data
Retrieve Import Alerts published by FDA
ISO Country Code for lon/lat 0.5degx0.5deg cells
Schools in Canada
Open Data platform from scratch
How can I access FDA drug recall or warning letter data?
Where I can get the datasets containing article with its summarization?
What are known open data sets for the Smart City domain?
Where can I find a list of investigational drugs?
90ies Windows .exe database on CD: Extract underlying data
How can I flter data from a stream of very large text files?
Seeking Saudi Arabia County borders as KML?
Accessing Rental History
Camera calibration and distortion parameters data archive (for OpenCV)?
Seeking shapefile of Indian electricity transmission network?
Morocco Post Code Shapefiles
Database of customer service accounts on social media sites
Seeking all Roads in Ohio?
I am looking for statistics on the percentage of children's books versus other genres in self-publishing
Countryside Stewardship Water Quality Priority Areas (England)
Can I use Mapbox as an open source maps provider in Qgis?
Open Data for the monthly or quarterly GDP of the Eurozone (or Europe 19)
Ontological Database of Objects
where can I find city contracts?
Database of labeled hyperspectral imagery
Pain levels using GSR and heart rate measurements
Public School Teacher Dataset
Open database of historical currency holidays for major currency pairs
Looking for holiday data of Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh/Pakistan from 1950s until now
Database/-set containing information about rice yield and growth duration
Medication administration in MIMIC-III
Where to find ICD-9 category codes?
How reliable are 250 m soil map data from soilgrids.org?
Coordinates of Icelandic warm/hot springs
Where can I find county-level land area?
Are there military conflict open databases?
Where can I download a dataset including longitude and latitude coordinates at a city level
Last.fm's track.getTopTags method, and what it retrieves
User-Movie Ratings
Scanned architectural building plans
Extracting Residential Building (UK Datasets)
Looking for datasets of complaints/requests filed at municipalities or cities
Seeking habitat data for UK
Public datasets for Text summarization
OS VectorMap Local Layer Definition Files
Sharing Genomic data/docker files via P2P network
Finding Spatial Data for US Metropolitan Statistical Areas
Where can I find historical county level daily NDVI data?
Child facial image dataset
Cannot access to the OSM Boundaries website
Dataset of bodybuilding exercises
Accessible source of social network chat data
Free real-time source for satellite image
LCD/OLED Historical Resolution, Size and Prices
Human name country wise corpus
English / Swedish translation data?
Various Country Statistics
Micro-finance data set
Annual average humidity by country
Using Wikidata to practically leverage semantic linked data for content annotations
Grocery products per year
Get historical data of the S&P500?
Trying to get college SAT scores from http://api.data.gov/ed/collegescorecard/, unable to form query?
Seeking shapefile of unincorporated areas (US)?
Limit the array of drugs in openFDA
Seeking current global cloud cover data?
Next College scorecard update release date?
Alternatives to ImageNet
Open news dataset regarding downsizing and employee layoff
Where can I find a database that contains all the airline companies with their alliances and if they are low cost or not
Where can I find USA ocean port FIPS code?
Looking for lots of real texts written by humans with user-metadata
Does anyone know where to get the disaggregated data from the 2013 Consumer Expenditure Survey by the Bureau of Labor Statistics?
Database of user agents
Need Tagged Data sets for training ML algorithms to classify sentences/reviews into single/multi classes
Is there a crosswalk between U.S. Census 1990 SF3 and 2000 SF3?
Is there a metals corrosion open dataset?
Corpus of words divided by language
Aspect Based Sentiment Classification
Need some domain knowledge
What are open source projects for setting up an academic pre-print archive?
What are some presentations that delve into the changes in academic publishing toward open access, pre-print archives, etc?
API/machine access for Gapminder data?
Download OpenOffice/Hunspell dictionaries (.oxt / .dic+.aff) for many languages at once?
Iraq IDP/Refugee Camps
Torrent for the fastText pre-trained models?
How to find out sub soil moisture from Satellite Images?
How to link a new dataset to an existing dataset?
Where can I find data on GDP of US counties?
Data on user-user trust ratings and user-item ratings
OTC Pink Sheet Merger Acquistions
Are there any automated techniques one can use to gather data online for a dataset?
Is it possible that there is only one patient < 16 y/o in entire MIMIC 3 database whose data was recorded by metavision data recorder?
Is there a crime statistics by city in Ukraine?
Data for "Proximity to Green Space" in United States
Spatially Orienting 1,4 Dioxane Data From the EPA UCMR-3 Data Set
Do post-2010 American Community Survey data rely on the 2010 PUMA boundaries?
Looking for precipitation scans (radar) for Germany, 5 min intervals, >= 1 a
Google Trends data at county level
Looking for historical weather forecasts
Train/subway accelerometer data, with line/stations metadata (train rider's smartphone OK)
A free API for rock climbing locations?
NASA live Europe imagery
Cant find code tables in DOL OSHA enforcement dataset
Where can I find repeated measures data arising from longitudinal studies involving psychometric tests?
Business Name to NAICS Code Mapping
Data about worldwide import tax rates
Data sets for small human written programs
Survival rate vs fall height
religious tax exempt addresses in detroit/Michigan
Which region has the most granular census data?
How to open GRIB data in GIS software?
Twitter handles for artists/bands/movie stars etc
How can I get the PI Label "Highlights" (or page 1) of the drug's label
Worldwide database of locations (cities)?
A database about transactions?
US agencies forms data set
UK Postcode Data by City, Town, Villiage
Availability of data from 3 specific FDA web pages
Registered voters by county
Google Map based on emergency location information
Wikidata - How to get a table with all US cities with associated counties?
Sort results by proximity with the "around" service in Wikidata
Most efficient way to get the Wikidata entity for a city, given as a string
Bioacoustic Data
Is there a historic drug shortage database?
Inflexible search params with open.fda.gov
How to download SRTM 30m at once for a country?
Search population by city from the US census API
Data source for pharmacy directory
Is there a source for a dataset or WFS of nationwide TIGER Data at the county-level (All Roads)?
News Article Data
Hate speech text data
Looking for TRMM data of 4km resolution or more of july 2014
Quantitative data on number of insects per area over time?
Offset not working for VETS4212 data API
UK demographic data at full or outer postcode level
State and Average Local Sales Tax Rates 2000-2010
Are the API keys on data.gov considered sensitive?
Hydrology for Tonle Sap lake in Cambodia
LIDAR data for Israel
Where can I find public access data on mortgage delinquencies and foreclosures?
Yearly population projections for the fifty American states till 2050
A database with PAO (period after opening) by beauty product
Data tables from Sorokin's Social and Cultural Dynamics
Hi, does anyone know if the FDA has released ANDA submission dates?
Cost living or CPI (consumer price index) by city in de US
Where can I find a list of cities within each county?
Where can I find a KML file for Scottish Datazones 2011?
City car parking dataset in EU (and US)
Vehicle crash Data for all states in USA
Air quality in all cities in the USA
Open FDA - Medical device search -> summary pdf
Datesets - users accessing database tables
Available datasets for HTTP headers
Satellite image of agriculture land cover for North Korea
Determining if drug is generic or brand using NDC
Looking for Soviet Union or Russia transportation GIS dataset
Best method for crop mapping
Car breakdown database and diagnostic trouble codes, that caused a breakdown
Real-estate property data for USA
Fluid Input Categories Changed from MIMICII to MIMICIII?
Australian Vehicle or Car Brands, Models, Styles, and Specs API
MODIS flood map
Looking for open dataset mapping informal company names to ticker
Data for a truly randomised treatment?
american hospital directory - a list of all US-hospitals
Datasets in for taxi/uber in Pakistan with spatio-temporal components
Internet Peering Locations
SIC code for company name
Open information on UK properties
News to Category/Section mapping DataSet
Public companies' employee count and properties from SEC/Edgar 10-K
Aircraft parts database
Historic (start of 2017 season) Formula 1 betting odds
Mixture data for pair-copula model
Map coverage for CenturyLink High Speed Internet?
Where can I find dump from network traffic capture while DNS attack?
Database of bicycle sharing systems
In need of dataset for fraudulent insurance claims
Moon phase data for Queensland, Australia
Dataset that has commercial property rent data for the United States
Annual reports from UK public companies
Dataset from online forum
What is the meaning of "units in structure" in Census/ACS data?
Budget of religions
Where can I find data about governmental subsidies of fossil fuels in the EU?
Clarity of Flag 124-126 in the GSOD weather dataset
Open data on Corporate Social Responsibility?
Comprehensive open data on energy resource statistics?
Does MIMIC-III have carbohydrate intake information for patients?
cyber attacks datasets
Where can I find the Iowa Fluoride Study(IFS) data?
Protected left turn traffic signal data
U.S. personal debt ratio distribution?
Public domain countries/prefectures/cities database
Looking for HUST_ASL dataset (a hand gesture dataset)
Sentinel data downloading issue through QGIS
Data for energy drink purchases in Germany and Austria
Where can I find API for companies in Sweden?
Crop fields dataset
How to link postcode to broader geographical area in the United Kingdom
openFDA co-occurring adverse events
inter-EU migration 2015 Data source request
Looking for NTU-HD dataset (a hand gesture dataset)
Where I can get the realtime Exchange rates data?
Difference between Inspection Observation and Inspection Citation reports
Method to download whole data directory from UCI ML repository
Are there open data sets with voter turnout and demographic information for local administrative divisions in Mexico?
Contact information (including email) for all US state legislators
Use Fuzzy Search with OpenFDA API
Find all Wikidata items that use a particular P18 picture
Where to find fracture xray imaging data?
Spanish POS (part of speech) tagged dataset
Is interactive data in Google Maps accessible?
Extracting data in tabular form from camelcamelcamel
Where can I find data to track migration out of Puerto Rico?
Are there any (openly) available data sets for medical coding examples?
UK MoD Airfields and Firing Ranges
Scorecard medians and information about methodology
Property and sub-property pairs
How to decode the company number in the field `header$companynumb`
Historical Housing Data in Quandl
High-quality voter (partisan) data for the United States
Dataset to build customer service bot
Are there data on physical album sales by city/state/region for 2000-2010?
Any help on getting the city or zip codes that make up metropolitan statistical areas?
Spatial data on cancer
Normal laboratory values for tests from the hospital/medical centers contributing to MIMIC database
Total cryptocurrency market cap over time
Database with multiple values for the same ID
Corpus of English text with tagged locations
Hierarchical semantic distances dataset
Directory of museum collections online
Any Available datasets for Hydroponic / Aquaponic /Aeroponic?
Sidewalk accessibility mapping in California
Are there any anomaly dataset, which isn't imbalance?
Data for teaching: Representative simple random sample in educational research
Dynamic network data
System configuration requirements for seting up MIMIC-III
What do the alarm chartevents exactly mean?
2000 Census Population by Block
Need small Higgs Twitter dataset
Looking for GIS topographic data of Bogota, Colombia, with elevation contour lines
data.dol.gov filters in R
Need data to access localized weather data
API/Dataset Containing Nutritional and Physical Activity data?
When I click on Data Dictionary, it brings up a blank Excel spreadsheet
Data about bathymetry for Europe
Swedish Noun Gender List
How do i import a 2gig csv file into R and be able to work with it on my PC?
How to get account for IRI/LDEO Climate Data Library
The list of restricted second-level domains such as .co.uk and .ac.jp
MIMIC-III cancelreason meaning
Where Do I Get job listing from http://developer.dol.gov?
How to find information about buildings using specific addresses?
What is the actual record of the property's lot size in sqft?
Deaths per year per Pakistan province? (2010-present)
Dataset for segmenting multivariate time series
Department of Labor Jobs API Descriptions Not Available
Social network dataset with features
Invasive Plant Species Data
Tips for finding hard-to-locate data
Record of oil consumption, past hundred years, recent update?
correct way to add columns for all mlb player salaries, heights, weights since 2008 to merged MLBAM atbats_pitches table using MySQL
Mid-19th Century to Early-20th Century Mumbai/Bombay Population Data(sets)
Public dataset of YouTube videos for analysis on views
How can i get database for all diseases and symptoms?
How/where to acquire public data on fears/phobias?
Sources of funding to curate exisiting datasets?
Missing College Scorecard data for Navy, Army, Air Force
Is there a downloadable database of full names?
Looking for customer service chat dataset
Nesting zones in Canada
Panel Data for the membership of GATT/WTO
Country -> State -> County -> zipcode/city -> streets
Dataset for TV commercials
What are commonly used ontologies for spatial relations with terms like "delimit"?
Pagination Type for Healthcare Finder API
Cryptocurrency historical data OHCL daily
What is meant by aided students in College Scorecard?
Recent Demographic and Economic Data at CBSA-level
Where can I find U.S real time train data
Datasets for PDF information extraction
Data about writing as a hobby
Are there any datasets regarding deaths due to lack of vaccination?
Is it possible to get specific Asian population totals from the Census at the Block or Block Group level?
Regression datasets for benchmarking
List of all universities and colleges in the whole world
Where can I find an academic paper that refers 50 species of trees?
Mass Distribution of common household objects around their volume
Functional urban areas in the UK
Is the CBCL FACE DATABASE available?
Yoga, Gym, Fitness API
Is there a database of insect body sizes?
Is there any open dataset for named entity linking?
Looking for specific datasets with demographic data in column format
Dataset where words are associated to colors
Available open data on Portuguese Soccer League
Historical german rain radar data from opendata.dwd.de
Wikidata differs from Wikipedia
Open data about oil spills from pipelines, ideally by country
what is the difference between drugs@fda and openfda?
Historic Road Data
Public International Database of Literature Works?
Obesity/Inactivity Data at a census tract level
open access database with companies/large employers registered in a given city in US
MIMIC-III: many patients without prescription information?
Historical Forward Exchange rates for QAR (Saudi Riyal)
Bureau of Labor Statistics Series ID Formats Question
Bureau of Labor Statistics Query Geographic Profile Not Working
Sentiment classifcation - Publicly available datasets for market/trading/financial news sentiment
ACS vs. CPS vs. PEP vs. Census
Is there a GIS layer file for the USGS Quad Boundaries in NAD27 coordinate system?
Is there a reliable source of weekly movie box office data?
Thailand administrative boundaries and population dataset
How do I find hard to find aerial photos that are not available online?
What is "gm / tkm" in transportation dataset?
Dataset labeled with IAB's content taxonomy categories
Breeding bird survey: meaning of RPID variable?
Federal year 2017 USAID budget
Find geographic data on the languages spoken in Russia
Name and gender dataset
Licensing of machine learning tool trained on open data
Agricultural crops data on field level, Europe
OIG Diversity Data
Data on present and future electricity demand profiles in the UK
Dataset about attainment of college degree based on parent's education level?
Clinical dataset for machine learning
Russian text normalization dataset
Is there a database for empirical/statistical probabilities?
Bahamas Digital Elevation Model
Jobs opening for data scientist
How to import a SAS layout or Data Dictionary
I'm trying to get a KML file for the Lorton CDP (Lorton, VA)
Male/female recognition by voice
Chicago Electoral Precincts before 2011
Get list of all villages/towns in India
Multivariate numeric dataset for clustering
How to download Kiplingers best values in colleges
Household data with earnings by each spouse and household spendings
Good sources for Data-sets for word problems of Calculus
How to differentiate between city and non-city in city databases?
Seeking source of curated/cleansed data for 2016 Canadian Census?
2017 Healthcare Data on Primary Care Service Areas, Availability of Primary Care Providers
A list of the organizations accredited to run projects under European Voluntary Service
Worldwide sunrise and sunset time data
Payment terms data in international trade is needed
There are a "frictionless access" recomendarion for Web page requests?
Alternative tool to view ImageNet images apart from the image-net.org website?
Where is DMOZ data available now?
Global country based raster
Groundwater Levels for UK
Where can I find (free) historical tick-by-tick data for crypto currencies?
Hourly dataset of last 30 days of Bitcoin marketcaps
Where can I find Hebrew and Greek Bible texts interlined with Strong's numbers in plain text or JSON format?
Railways, trains and timetable data
Books with multiple main characters, one per chapter
UV Index Forecast API
Job Title Classification Training Data
DNS request sample traffic
Job Title Classification Training Data
Audio data for sentence type classification
Public email database
Data for Moore's Law
From when can I get a dataset of tagged images?
I am looking for an API that can provide all medicines that are sold in Pakistan. I have seen that chemists have a such kind of database?
Sudan Shapefiles (2008)
Pairs of images before and after retouch/alteration
Seeking Irish PostAim (151) AnPost boundaries?
Mapping between UK SIC and US NAICS industry sector classification; other countries?
Enron data set: Get labels whether an email has been replied or forwarded
Soccer league and team hierarchical metadata
Seeking shapefile of forest cover in Paraguay?
Data set having menu items (food) and corresponding image?
mimic iii: could a pretrained word2vec be made available?
WikiData - Specific country with flag and emojiflag by item ID
Unique identifiers of US companies as a means of tracking change
Yelp or similar dataset needed
Searching for a dataset about chess ELO rating distribution broken down by gender
Polygonal Shapefiles for US Colleges/Universities
Using a publicly accessible research database for Development Data Library (DDL) submissions
Cadastral data of Spain and Italy
Open datasets on homeschool students vs traditional students
API to use Klink-2 Computer Science Ontology (CSO)
PETS 2006 Dataset
Overview on hospitals and medical services - in America, Asia, Africa and Europe
Global map of soil pore water salinity?
Pharmaceutical Parallel Imports
Seeking globally available road data for medium-scaled maps (1:200.000)
Which currencies are used in IMF's / Worldbank's PA.NUS.FCRF forex data?
Business Location Test Data
Dataset of unstructured road image
Where can I find public financial data for private companies?
Database of HFOV+focal length+crop factor, for most cameras and smartphones
Where can I get a vector file (or WMS) showing field boundries on the UK?
Seeking 2010 County Shapefile for China?
Underground Infrastructure Data
Dataset Midi Music Emotion Recognition
age persistence in information technology
Where can I find data about Cameroons subdivisions and number of inhabitants?
Running speeds for young males & females at different ages
GDPR regulated data in MIMIC databases
How can I find out how frequently certain words are used in Danish print and online news media?
Looking for HDR raw data or high frame rate data, preferrably from satelites
What limitations, if any, are there on what kind of concepts can be declared using RDF?
List of French Hospitals and Health Clinics
Shapefile or map of Mozambique localidades (localities) administrative boundaries
Free Map matching benchmark data
Historic roadworks
CHARTEVENTS Carevue and Metavision
mimic-iii missing ICUstay_IDs, Aren't all of these hospitalizations ICU admits?
Does anybody know how to retrieve historical forecasted weather data? I am looking for forecasted data, not actual data
Seeking License Fees / Restrictions for MapQuest Light (OSM) Basemap
Tokyo Stock Exchange Historical Data
Historic data on UK roads 1950-2010
Wikidata - Search of human instance that doesn't break
Is there an API for getting app prices in the Google Play/App store?
Weird results in search from wikidata
Polygons for Irish Counties
Surname - Cast/Ethnicity Mapping for Nepali Names
UK monthly weather data
Where can I find HTML5 metadata?
Reputable source to get foot traffic in Australia based on different locations
Google Finance Error: Sorry, you may be sending automated queries
How to use DBpedia to identify the topics
Agriculture shapefiles and additional GIS data for Australia
Geology/mineral dataset
Is there any open data-set for products per brand (with description)?
Is there a codebook for the 1990 Census API table names?
City boundary for Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Mapping between ImageNet and Wikidata entities
Data set request on domestic violence and the health and economic impacts it has
Where can I find area specific SST data
Shapefiles for OECD United States Regions?
Data set of particulate matter concentrations in Graz, Austria
Data on Lightning Times and Location
Political candidate's stances on specific issues?
Data on minimum wage by country?
Where can I download a raster with the elevation data of the whole US?
YAGO entity details
How to build a concept hierarchy using LOD?
Administrative divisions of Cambodia
France communes shapefiles
Does anyone know if/ where I can download shapefiles for bus routes in Cardiff?
Looking for Databases with gender of names and Ethnicity information
GPS coordinates dataset of wandering people or tourists
Search in wikidata with specific Q code
All US cities in GEOJSON
Where can I find a data set on the federal student loan debt since at least 1965?
Vegetarian/Vegan dataset
Neighborhood data for Canada
why doesn't FDA drug list include all meds?
Data on Australian universities
Data about countries and how they are divided into regions/countries/states/etc?
How can I get data about Wikipedians (e.g. language proficiency), by username?
Non-aggregated age of endurance sport competitors
Audio data set of (telephone) conversations and their transcriptions
Childnessness and infertility by country and region
List of languages with active or native speakers
Data for Common Alternative Spellings for Names
Seeking the attendance data for English football teams for all four tiers
Looking for database with ethnic information in USA
Infertility data: causes and solutions
Where can I download non-malicious .EXE files for my machine learning model
Where to find data regarding home types and addresses/zips in the US?
100 Audio files (.wav) with spoken numbers (containing zero) of 100 different speakers
Patient Workflow Steps in MIMIC-III
Where can one track the number of FDA approved laboratory tests?
Looking for database of US companies
How to extract DBpedia infomation
Looking for a database of all NJ based companies
Western Canada ShapeFiles (Meridian, Township, Section and Quarter)?
Geographic Information Retrieval dataset
Trying to find a shapefile on Hawaii volcano locations
Data integration tool that supports Semantic Web
Are there general terms of service or licenses for ESRI's ArcGIS FeatureServer?
What is the difference between metric and bucket aggregations in elastic Search?
Road shapefiles of Thessaloniki, Greece for years 1991 and 2003?
Where do I get data on how many people move from country to country globally in a year?
Where can I get conversational/directed sentiment data?
meds not appearing in FDA CDER or medical device DBs
Cell phone user and base station location dataset
List of socks4/5 proxies in a plain text
Are there any datasets publicly available for interviews transcripts?
Speech recognition english corpuses
Just need a lo-res & 8-bit depth elevation map either real or fictional (BMP?)
Is there any free API to get historical forex exchange rates?
Open dictionary for English with International Phonetic Alphabet for every word
Where can I find data on the following variables?
How can I download AWS Public Datasets?
Radio base station location in Italy
Dataset of mathematical formulas
Stock Charts images dataset
Is there a clinical dataset of BPM measured with smartwatch available?
Planned grocery stores in the US
Restrict returned claims in entity
Unemployment and minimum wage data by state (US)?
Adword or web traffic dataset
Where can I find historical presidential approval ratings
Julian and Gregorian dates from Wikidata
Open access electric vehicle trip dataset
Searching for dataset related to empowerment of women in agriculture as a result of participation in a development program
Harvey Hurricane Disaster Area Data Sets
What kind of sources can integrate CKAN?
Relatively clean two-dimensional data for an example classification?
Looking for 0.25x0.25 spatial resolution grid data for land surface temperature/precipitation
What are methods to create open text data from copyrighted texts?
Texas Land System Grid data
World population density
Any open data sets for the (Football) World Cup in Russia 2018? Any open data for the World's Biggest (Sport) Event?
Find a home for (old) video datasets
Ski trails/piste map data
List of us city mayors by year
'Number of Faculty Members' not Available in the College Scorecard Dataset
Looking for year-by-year worldwide ethanol production data
Can you look up the producer/manufacturer that owns a certain "family" of EAN barcode?
Sport's APIs For Headshots and Stats
List of all county (and equivalent) seats for the USA
Does exist any free dataset (geocoded or by country) on UXO?
Why does Wikidata's query interface return no results for entities with an id of Q10000001 or higher?
Real world objects and digital contents represented in RDF
Where is the official source for UK population + age profiles data
What is the best datasource for global administrative divisions?
How can I query Wikidata for a label and optional image without further constraints?
Is there any available dataset describing types of sensors (ideally using SSNO)?
what's the meaning of 'ordercategoryname' in mimiciii
Publicly available example ontologies for financial and political domain
How to get the best images from a Wikimedia Commons category?
Greek wander paths, trails
How do I download bicycle routes data from OpenCycleMap?
Age structure of German population; 1925 census, large cities
Multi-spectral high resolution satellite images for flood events
High-Res or Vector 10m Topographic Line Map for Europe?
Population and GDP of the UK nations 1950-today
Global biomes data set - eg. Rain Green Forest, Succulent Thorn Woods, Highland Scrub
Seeking data of geographical electricity consumption per area/district in any region of the world
API for searching Orphan Drug Designations and Approvals
Suicide statistics
How to find databases with firm’s contact details for a quantitative survey?
Where can I find EEG database for autism-spectrum disorder patient?
Database resource: amount of different operating systems across the years
Need metadata about news articles spanning 15+ years
US Income datasets at the Census Tract / Block Level
US State Boundary Shapefiles
Satellite, labeled image datasets for multi-temporal semantic segmentation?
Open Standard for parking signage data (universal)
Database of common packaging icons (food, CPG, GM)
Product features / components / attributes data set
Is there any public dataset on Bangla Language handwriting available?
Hand motion dataset
UK boundary data shapefiles where features have attributes pointing to their parent subdivision?
CEO Pay Ratio Data
Where can I find publicly available data on aggregate enrollment in health insurance *before* Medicare?
components of population change at block group level
Where can I find the open source data for the tick - Amblyomma americanum collection data of the USA?
Mexican Sinkhole Locations
Looking for the itcvd vehicle detection dataset
Downloadable archives of illumination in Europe?
Where to get realistic data for ABC-Costing in textile industry
Is cadastre data for Italy publicly available for download?
Non-obvious real-world datasets for observational causal inference
Faces dataset with/without mustaches
Poverty estimates from Census API
Precinct Name Change Across Time
Downloading Public Building(s) Lat/Log
Where to find US Cadastral data?
Seeking Database of German and Austrian roads?
climate station data -not gridded data
Books and Supplies
Dataset for clothing
Where can I get the Beijing ring road traffic data (speed of vehicles)?
Estimated use of condom over time and it's effectiveness on HIV?
Shapefiles of 20th Century British Railways
Clam image dataset to an image classification
Get subgraph connecting two resources
Data on Lobbying Expenditures: Net Neutrality
How do i collect mult temporal satelite imagery?
API to find Latitude and Longitude based on Unique Well Identifier(UWI) info Canada
Seeking free vector data on road type in Africa
mouth image dataset - with tagged teeth
Crosswalk between FIPS codes and Wikipedia articles about U.S. Census Places
Requesting Workplace accident data from the UK Government
Where I should store (public) dataset for opensource project?
NDVI Imagery for Iran
Looking for dataset of the coordinates of the UK NUTS Levels
Do census tract geographic shapefile data update annually?
Historic spatial extent of Beirut, Lebanon?
Data on charging station for electrical cars
Where can I find publicly available data on American dietary habits and food intake during the Great Depression?
Apartment locations in Pennsylvania?
Is there any pro wrestling dataset available ?
Area income data for percentiles other than the median?
Looking for spatially referenced aerial photos
Gender pay gap dataset
MIMIC-III medication order frequencies
Filter wikidata results with 'around' service
how to open and read .alarms files in MIMIC II
one US zipcode for two cities what should i default to?
use cases and datasets for manufacturing industry
Seeking data for image fusion of satellite and UAV/ drone data?
Data for all lakes on Earth?
using openfda.brand_name.exact:"Tylenol" case sensitive
Has anyone created an RDBMS database for NOAA weather data?
Where can I find a large log dataset?
How to find a list of all dairy farms in the New York State?
Seeking Election Voting Data for Constituencies for Karnataka State Elections for 2013 and 2018
Seeking examples of Open Data in formal journalism Standards & Practices
Famous people API
Vital statistics of the United States (early 20th century)
Where to find datasets for creating carto vl maps?
Search queries on open data sites
Is there a free historical database of US corporate yields or spreads by maturity buckets?
Data for spare parts for large machines/equipments
Drug label information does not include all approved drugs (kymriah and yescarta missing)
Ordered admissions
download and convert the data of the Medical Device Adverse Event database
GIS Data for Illinois Electric Distribution lines and Substations
Where can I find publicly available economic data (American) on consumption, business spending, etc. for 1900-1950, by county/region?
Automatically extract road points from a point cloud
Numerically order SPARQL results that are external identifiers but actually all numbers
Where to find myPersonality Dataset?
Where to get realtime stock market data legally
2 category intersection with PetScan not working?
Is there a dictionary containing Arabic first and names and their English equivalent?
Looking for corpus of Geographic Data
Lead on Corpus of Geographic Locations?
Is Open Government data ever restricted to use within the country of origin?
Journal Acceptance/Rejection dataset with timeline
Census Tracts for Puerto Rico
Seeking historical traffic data matching OpenStreetMap dataset?
Looking for open imbalanced datasets
Facebook Mypersonality dataset
Dataset of Luna and Emperor Moths
Data on radio towers and radio stations in the US
Large English text corpus
Realtime Power Outages Global/North America
Mapping PUMA codes to county
Commercial use of a model derived from NC-licensed data?
Distance between different places in USA
OpenFDA query - wanting one section
Customer Service (Call Center) Audio datasets
Where to find data to explore the "Rescorla-Wagner model"?
Multidimensional Data Stream
Points of Interest for France, Spain, and Italy?
Data centers: Looking for dataset on location, capacity, company / owner and year of establishment
Data set on trust in the Internet of Things?
Recent dump of names from facebook.com/directory?
Where can I find website analytics logs for research?
GovData.de license zero-2-0
US hiring data 1947-2018
Ontologies on the notarial domain
How people perceive themselves?
Rehabilitation Facilities & Substance Abuse Clinics GIS data in Grand Rapid City MIchigan
Who is reporting salary after attending?
Where can I find labelled data for handwritten Chinese characters?
Average Gross Rent
ACS - Census Block Groups with 0 households?
Querying Sparql dataset and caching results locally
Where can I find detailed data about crimes in Italy?
Overlapping intervals of inputs at inputevents_mv table for same icustay_id and itemid
Seeking list of residential buildings (API / DB) for USA
Beijing Traffic Data
File Encoding for NHTSA/OHI data
Wind Speed / Dir and Gust Speed US Pacific Southwest
starttime bigger than endtime at inputevent_mv table MIMIC-III
Where can I download QRU-1 dataset?
OBD II Sample Datasets
Where to get big volumes of academic papers with citations
Dataset with categorical features that take more than 1000 different values
Previous versions of the dataset from the Yelp Dataset Challenge
Not able to return data other than category "school"
Largest cities in the UK?
When will the drug events api (https://api.fda.gov/drug/event.json) be updated with 2018 Q2 data
Multimodal, numerical and changing time series data
Accelerometer dataset for car crash detection
Large classification dataset
Where I can find all settlement boundaries for United Kingdom?
Medical Device - multiple FEI numbers associated with a single 510(k) number
Open Source Information about Colleges and Universities
Dict not able to return data from college scorecard API
Restricted and allowed roads for heavy duties in Chicago
Is it fair use to use figures from ArXiv preprints on Wikipedia?
How to get old top news?
Where is a large list of declarative and imperative sentences
How to find USA Water Hardness shapefiles?
List of all different data license types and their respective restrictions?
US Government Spending
Open online searchable book review database
IoT dataset of event detection which contains seasonal factor
Energy Costs Over Time by Source
Marriage rate among different age groups in European countries?
Slope map of Singapore
where can i find product packaging information data?
Is there an open database of middle, and high schools outside of the United States (international)?
Industries which maintain their own versions of common data?
Cannot find record of administration of Ipratropium Bromide in MIMIC-III
Where can I find comprehensive and current lists of international naming disputes
Geo coordinates of upazilas in Bangladesh
Why is this NDA not available in openFDA?
Are the Local Government Area wards of New South Wales available in a vector format?
Where can i find Public Datasets related to Astronomy and other fields?
Are there any open datasets with raw eyetracking data?
Good easy to use api with a dataset for exam
Where to Find MP (U.K.) Allowances?
Old Epinion Dataset
Historical shapefiles for cities in the United States?
Where can de-identified Electronic Health/ Medical Record (EHR/EMR) datasets be acquired?
Is there public database about subsidiaries of companies?
Satellite image data that allows input of a lat/lng and returns radius around coordinates
Open DICOMweb data
Searching for adverse reports related to quality only reported in 2017
How to input my API Token into Openrefine
Shanghai Stock Exchange data API
How can I get all churches in the USA
Metadata on scientific articles (economics) conditional to set of queries
How to download a subset of the reports based on a specific indication of query term?
NOAA Satellite Data API?
How to determine the elevation of the average citizen of a given region?
Dataset about variation in human body weight during the day
Historical USA weather forecasts
US Fire Hydrant locations data
Wind Speed Map of US
Using OpenCorporates API to return officers of a company
Where do I get data on newly formed businesses in the US?
Data from minimal human decision-making tasks
Unsolved murder GIS datasets
Wikidata on all Trump's executive orders
Open data sets and commercial usage
Publicly aviailable data sets, training and commerical usage
Are there any GIS crime datasets open to public?
How soon will UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine take effect?
Can we use DBpedia for identifying Polysemy of words?
Where can I find Argentina Admin 3-4 & City .shp?
Connected components of Facebook
NWS API marine forecast returns empty
Methodology for comparing FEC campaign finance data to congressional votes
Wikimedia Commons API image by category
Hazard Maps shape files that are not in NAMRIA, LiPAD, and PhilGIS (Philippines)
Q: Boolean Structure
OpenFDA: Programmatic/Machine Readable Biologic License Application Data
Public dataset for spanish news articles with title and content
What CKAN integration/plugins are available for connecting to Hortonworks/HDFS/etc.?
Public dataset with job satisfaction and six digit NAIC classification
KEEPA API Experience
OpenFDA - Differences Between Dashboard and API Results
Looking for word frequency data for the Google Books ngrams
How do I get my data indexed by Google Dataset Search?
Davis-Bacon wage dataset
Where can I find city zoning district in Dallas, Texas data?
Crime Data in Canada
If the Thao Hung (or Thao Chueang) exists online anywhere in Thai
European Postal Shipping Costs
Identifying conventional vs natural drugs
Seeking shapefiles on publicly owned land in UK?
Where to find the Public Water System's companies' annual survey report?
Can I use another database instead of PostgreSQL in CKAN?
Administrative boundaries for historical political entities?
Looking for gis data on world linguistics by location
Looking for US percentage of population overweight or obese over last 50 years
Need road condition data for the Washington DC area
How can we install CKAN on Windows using IDE?
Seeking GIS data (points) for the Giza pyramids including Z-value for the tops of pyramids
How can I increase the number of results returned?
Where could I find U.S. county-level data on the number of smartphone users?
What business cases can be solved with open data machine learning models?
Ages of (residential) buildings in the Western world over the last centuries
Per capita surface area for living since WWII
Per capita surface area for (car) transport since WWII
Concordance between ISIC Rev 2 and either SIC industries or NAICS industries
Computer monitor dataset listing display size, resolution and weight
Words and Frequency/Probability of Spelling Mistakes
Historical Walmart Stores Data set
downloading cctv video or live video
Where can I download a raster or shapefile of hillshade of the US?
Road vehicles database
MS Outlook versions for corporate users
Code and data for FAO/GAEZ crop suitability
NMMAPS availability?
Tallinn APC & AVL data for public transport
Total Return of US S&P 500, last 50-years
Open API for occupations and skills
Chess PGN with time control
Sources for detailed LIDAR-based ground cover classification data? (USA/New York State)
Are USAID datasets available for download?
Looking for video ads dataset
Are there any available lexical databases for English, containing predicate-argument (relation-role) information?
Site that provides up to date list of programming languages/frameworks to open source repositories using it?
Farm/Cropland data
shapefiles of the electoral zones of Rio de Janeiro
Common but out-of-the-ordinary file formats
Indigenous land shapefiles for world
3D shapefile or pointcloud data for stars/galaxies in observable universe
PETS 2007 Dataset
Looking for shape files for major museums in the US.
NASA's Space Datasets
Get random city of any country
Seeking vector file of extent of flood plain of 2010 Pakistan Floods?
Historical data on forests and land use in the United Kingdom
Is Mobilenet_V2 trained on the COCO dataset or on the ILSVRC-2012-CLS dataset better for classifying objects in aerial data?
Full Text Scholarly Resources
Wikidata: How to represent British Hong Kong's under Japanese occupation?
Statistics for versions of MS Exchange server currently in use
London Fare Zones spatial data
Any open dataset for Geopolitical queries and answers?
Downloadable list of all majors across U.S. schools/colleges?
Alternation ("OR") searching
Trade tariff data request
High-resolution GIS datasets of groundwave conductivity of the United States, besides the FCC?
Focal length of both front and back cameras of popular smartphones
Where can I find historical hourly cloudcover/skycover data for specific coordinates in Northeast America?
Allergy/Pollen Count Data Set by US city/county/census tract
Data Flows from USAID Projects to Missions to Agency Level
Get list of all wikidata properties used to link to an item
Historical international US phone calls prices by country and year
Share of urban and rural US households that had electricity, by county, in the period 1910-1930?
Country IP ranges?
Are there any multi-type public datasets out there?
Is there a dataset for historical US towns and roads?
Seeking Help for getting climate variable data
What do dashed and solid brown lines mean in open street map?
Topographic map data for countries
(How) Was SPARQL influenced by erotetics?
Why is the Open World assumption so central to the semantic web?
Road network data for Pakistan
is there a creative commons collection of country maps in svg format with corresponding country code
EAN transaction data set
List of proposed census years in Africa
How to get specific wikipedia data?
Free poker game database
Seeking USA congressional district to county relationship files?
Cannot get data from FPDS atom feed using pyfpds
Lyrics with timestamp for development
Where can I find labeled but unsegmented time series datasets?
Dataset for intent classification (conversational agents)?
Solr not working while running CKAN over HTTPs using nginx and apache
Listing of United States Police Departments?
Where can I find the list of NCIC assisiged "Originating Agency Identifier"?
Is there a government database that tracks police-use of deadly force?
State and country codes like ISO 3166-1 and ISO 3166-2?
Mean earnings from the college scorecard dataset
Are there any meaningless photo data sets?
Bulk download Sci-Hub papers using a list of URLs
Hotels data for analytics
Determining time zone and daylight savings time from latitude and longitude?
Can the United Nations Terminology Database (UNTERM) be downloaded?
What is the UN "Global Code"?
Limiting a SPARQL Query to Lastest Point in Time
What are Outlink categories of Wikipedia
Leipzig Districts and Parts of Districts in GIS-format
Height and Age - Children and Adults
Where does ISO 3166 get the names and translations of the countries?
Does the UNGEGN release their country names localized in a format that's not a PDF?
Seeking benchmark dataset for election prediction
Vocabulary alignment in LDflex
OS platform porting are included in term 'Derivatives' in Creative Commons?
Song lyrics database/API
Seeking Dominion Land Survey data (for Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Manitoba) to overlay in Google Earth?
Mapping table for old Swiss municipality codes
Search population, zipcode by city from US census API
Not able to view private datasets in CKAN using Nginx
Canonical form for romanizations of Arabic town names in Syria
Finding traffic data (Waze?)
Update: Did the U.S. Government shut down take US Census API offline?
Detailed, disaggregated, or sub-national European real estate data?
USA Southern Border Vehicular and Pedestrian Obstacles
Can we get the dosage list for a drug
Is Trade name is same as brand name
Downloadable photos of smartphones
Table of imports and exports by value from country to country
Open database with public art?
Looking for Spatio-temporal Datasets
Social data about people in the US
Seeking shapefiles for US Census Block Groups?
The Meaning of Patient Identifiers in AI Clinician Paper
openFDA - Open APIs to access Import Alerts, Import Refusals, Warning Letters & Inspection details
Retrieve the Supplier details using FEI number?
Size of incoming freshmen class
Share of students in/out of state
Data dump of ZIP codes to Carrier Route IDs and the centroid (lat/long.) of the Carrier Route
NOAA integrated surface database hourly cloud cover and precipitation
How to produce a list of all words of a given Language from Wiktionary?
Are there any open data sets for software classification?
Open Football (Soccer) Player Valuation Database
Where to easily find # of employees for a large group start-ups?
Traffic camera video datasets
Wikidata - Filter or Detect or Get incomplete date
School Boundary
Wikidata - How to get codes without urls
Percentage of the population taking antipsychotics by country and year
Distribution of first onset diagnosis and application of antipsychotics by year and country
Comparisons data for typical language input speeds
Influence of the genetic and biological factors on child's gender and twins
Dataset with common dialogues
Weather maps api's
Distribution of people diagnosed with dementia by age
Location (lat, long) of cell towers across the USA
Is there a central source for real estate shape files for across the US?
CKAN Hierarchy extension breaks the home page
Seeking Commuting Zones (1990) shapefile?
Source of telemetry data from games
Historical data of languages spoken in country by percent population?
Is digital Ortophoto of Hungary publicly available?
How to check whether a word is abbreviated or not using Python?
Twitter dataset with 125K nodes and 2M edges
Business Specific Dataset for Business News Classification
Towards reconstructing intelligible speech from the human auditory cortex dataset
How to find Novartis medicines in openFDA drug labelling data
Slow moving auto parts data (public) from a US automobile company: where to find it?
Seeking topographical data for northern Taiwan to make sense of peak-to-peak photos in 3D?
Kazakhstan hydro datasets
Crime data @ Zip code level?
Data Set with more than 800 obs and more than 20 features to compare MLmodels accuracy
Where can I find land utilisation data
Extracting data from PDF tables with multi-line rows: tabula
DDL - Socrata - Grant of Rights
Statistics about usage of cloud IDEs for open source projects
Datasets for autonomous driving contains labels for classification
How many visitors from a specific country visit a specific destination?
Newfoundland Geospatial data source
Dataset about the kinds of scientific experiments published
Ontology for QoS, i.e. download/upload speed, throughput
Cigarette smoking rates at city level
Dataset of diesel consumption by US state and year
How to connect to States from the shape file?
French/English word database for a hangman game
Where to find 3D building footprint covering all USA?
Can I publish analysis of semi open data
How can I find a large dataset of medical images for cancer classification?
Service returned HTTP Response Code (College ScoreCard)
Dataset of lines at n miles from the coast
Help in downloading dataset from Microsoft Research Open Data
Does anyone have an open data source on opinions about the replication (reproducibility) crisis in science?
Image Dataset on Corrosion of Metals
Frequency of professions in cities data
Statistics dealing with parents' misfortunes, as parents
Web application functional requirements dataset
Acces to Sugar & Sweeteners USDA reports
Distribution of number of people having money M in their bank account
How to output only English labels in SPARQL query?
How to get the birds daily observations data from different stations of any region
Expand Wikidata SPARQL query to self-join
Where can I find lists of predator-prey relationships?
Estonian named entity recognition data
What is the status of VAERS?
openFDA: Is there any way to match NDC data in different format?
Eurostat metadata via API
Separate Continent Shapefiles
Employment rate among people taking antipsychotics by country
Autonomous vehicle prices versus year
MOOC completion (dropout) data
Is it possible to link drugs, with protein targets, using OpenFDA?
Funding resources for GIS Open Data creation?
Subsea Pipeline Data for the North Sea
non functional requirements dataset
Historic weather data - With clouds resolution
Internet speed in the united states
Is there an API to get the legality of alcohol (or legal drinking age) by geo location?
Where can I find historical rainfall and temperature data for individual weather stations in the US?
How do I find out if a government building is owned by the government or leased?
Can government datasets be posted on the Internet for readers of a computer book?
Locating detailed average global rainfall and temperature data for use in QGIS
Datasets for daily maximum and mimimum temperature of a specific geographic area?
Flixster dataset
How to identify general terms using LOD?
SIC Extension by Dun & Bradstreet?
Open GIS data for SE Asia - Political and Administrative Polygons
Data for Monte-Carlo simulation of evolution used in an article
List of top 10k websites and their favicons
Seeking images of oil-level meters
Seeking a recommendation for an elevation or altitude site
Face dataset for predicting past and future face
How to get all generic names in the API (drug label)
Seeking US PLSS GIS data: Township Range Section
Meaning & Availability of HSI indicator
Sewer and Water GIS Data
How to filter drugs by date , ex : marketing start date , or , listing_expiration_date
Breast cancer data using Fine Needle Aspiration test or "FNA”
Dataset with a few thousands unique faces, with minimal variation in pose, lighting, background
Is there a database of medical clinics, hospitals, etc. and when and where they were established?
Utility network spatial data of any kind, anywhere
Index of percentage of the population working from home or independently by county
What datasets on credit risk/scoring are available publicly?
Historical hourly solar generation data in California
home energy consumption dataset
Which data processes are applied on FAERS data
Download Table from PRR drug Research tool
Where to find Norwegians waterlines and water bodies shp?
Where can I find grid file of the Netherlands for R
How to get a data set or an API with all the scientific conference and workshop details?
Curated list of politician's social media (Twitter)
How to download an online ArcGIS Feature Layer without an ArcGIS license?
Torrent tracker for open data
Conversation logs open data
where could one download one minute climate archive？
DRASTIC Method - Dataset
Which is the best way to work with NCBI data obtaining online partial information from the whole
Basic Use of openFDA Animal & Veterinary API
HTTP Response Codes
machine learning for computer virus detection
Time series dataset for forecasting
Sharing machine learning models of a confidential dataset
Wikidata SPARQL with optional qualifiers
Does Wikidata contain the data from the Wikipedia {{distinguish}} template?
what type of data is needed to learn machine learning create logo
Open database for various DB servers
Where I can get the full list of San Francisco Bay Area Tech Companies?
API to get Get UK street name from post code
Request for picture dataset of fruit diseases
Cost of University course
Why does the data on website not match what is returned from the api
Shapefile of Russian forest zones
Does the ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge (ILSVRC) definitely disappered?
Seeking dataset of candidate speech transcriptions
Where can I find open source Medical Image Datasets for capillary Segmentation?
is there a dataset/database contains false and true negative and positive statistics for some specific disease?
Total distance of Cycling routes in European Cities
Seeking data for spatial interpolation
Population data as grid
Face dataset with different ages for same individuals
Gini index of wealth world map
Wikidata SPARQL get current VALUES index
How to fetch data from open fda API with multiple query parameters using +AND+
Where to find USA river basins data shapefile?
Wikidata Query: How to retrieve the normal (non-verbose) JSON?
Source of multilingual chat/online/contemporary corpus data?
Statistics about Extensible Metadata Platform (XMP) implementation by smartphone cameras
Seeking reservoir data set for UK?
Open repository of political logos/images
Childlessness rate by country
dataset with dialogs with technical support and clients
Semantic segmentation of eyewear images
How to identify general medical terms using Wikipedia/DBpedia/WikiData
where can i find CCTV video from the construction site?
Medical dataset for creating questionares (in csv/rdf formats so that I can import them into Neo4J directly)
Wiki Sparql difference between wikibase:apiOutput and wikibase:apiOutputItem?
Wikidata Sparql Getting properties from a Wikipedia generator list
Consumer Expenditures by Census Tract
High-resolution, hyperspectral satellite imaging?
Typical Weather Averages by Lon/Lat
Looking for suggestions of sources for data science project
Home automation dialogues
Data set with education (in years) and psychological or other variables
How to get a list of vendors/brands that supply Walmart.com
Wikidata SPARQL How to speed up this query?
Need A Database for tumor growth
Dataset form 5500
Can I use an FTP or SFTP Client to access the monthly TAA petition data
Histogram for first onset development of cancer among the population
Distribution of number of years lived with cancer for each cancer type
CKAN : ValueError: VDM only works with SQLAlchemy versions 0.4 through 0.9, not: 1.1.2
List of the banks worldwide
Where can I buy/find the digital surface model of Berlin at 50cm resolution?
HTTP/1.1 503 Service Unavailable
Plant Disease Detection - Machine Learning
Dataset for English word trigrams
Capacity/attendance information for US event venues
Movie plots and reviews dataset
Social media data sets for data science and exploration?
automobile accident dataset with car make and year
Request for Feed The Future, Baseline Population Based Survey - Ethiopia
Where to find census data for many countries?
what does those 2 types of values in column "Age" exactly mean in “horse-colic.data” dataset?
Where to find an actual bigdata with Variety and Volume?
Which is the best choice of getting bonds data from?
How to use wikidata property paths?
Device Product Code API call
Have any dataset of the forum about football?
Quote request dataset /sentence templates
How to distinguish between human and animal bones in Wikidata?
Where can I get a list of new businesses that are created in the US?
Where can I find image dataset for crop yield prediction?
I am attempting to locate DrugID or DCode information
average ingredients for each drug in each year for a specific manufacturer
Anonimised cellular network data
Why is there an extra "0" at the beginning of every UPC code in openFDA?
Data for credit debt of loans for neural networks train
List/database of organizations
Free database of words
Generic versions of Assemblies, Bills of Materials (BOMs), Materials Takeoffs, Associated Lists of any type of physical/manufactured products/goods
How to fetch public posts from facebook api
reliable spanish word empeddings (word2vec output format)
Current movie data in area
Seeking mosaicked global DEM?
Full address list for city Radebeul (Germany)
Award Recipients' Birthdays
Where can I get data on the number of hours worked by Americans?
SPARQL query to get capacity of event venues from Wikidata
Where to save token which resets every 6 hours. (npm package)
Is there any publicly available Radiology dataset for NLP (Natural Language Processing) purposes?
Seeking historical tileset 1939-1945?
Free current global gridded weather data
Geographical center of countries
Seeking shapefile of Boston in 1630?
Looking for taxonomy for skills databases?
Global Historic GIS Data
GeoSPARQL query that filters locations outside polygon (Wikidata)
Free source of AIS data (API)
OPEID and IPEDS validation API
API returning company tickers found in provided news article
I am looking for i-Lids dataset for AVSS 2007
Reputable internet magazines/newspapers
APIs / Services that can link product names to their UPC/SKU codes
NCAA Football Coach Salary Data
Vessel/ais traffic data of the most congested areas of the world
Isolating blood sugar levels in mimic database
Seeking 2016 Census tract based Census Data for City of Toronto, Canada
USA Companies List Search (Sort type: Most recently formed FIRST)
Dataset for job listing outcomes
Where could I find (online) and download articles of incorporation?
Machine learning paper relating to manufacturing inspection use cases
Fortune 500 companies websites sitemap
Database of Android APK checksums
Where can I find data about alternative medicine use?
Seeking free basemaps for offline use in GIS?
Distribution of average app revenues for apps on Google Play
Unexpected results from query
Where to get lists of kaomoji (Japanese emoticons)?
UN Global Comtrade Database
How was the variable "T4APPROVALDATE" generated in College Scorecard Data?
Exporting data from https://taggs.hhs.gov?
List of all http sites in the world
Database of pictures deleted from Wikipedia/Commons, and the reason for their deletion
Which pub sells which beer in the UK?
Seeking Traffic Analysis Zones (for city of Shenzhen) in computer readable format?
Looking for football (soccer) player data with salaries, heights, weights info
2016 and 2020 USA Polling Metadata
REST API for getting informations about celebrities
ope8_id verse id in API request
Atopiclair does not appear on any FDA list I can find
Wikidata SPARQL - get company entities and the location of their headquarters
Availability of PGx Biomarker data for drug labels?
where can I find a data set on US's political ideology, i.e. democrats, republicans, socialist, anarchist..etc?
SPARQL - Filter wikidata identifiers
What is the total count of the 2016-2017 cohort?
Canada, USA - fuel stations, grocery stores
Open source weather database for predict crop disease?
Beginner's question regression
Non commercial use of nfl team logos from Wikipedia
How to find the wikidata ID of a DBpedia concept?
If there is a list of "cultures" to download somewhere
Global water mask binary raster
Ice Age Glaciers Question
Looking for soccer match raw data
Historical National Drug Code Package Data Availability
Dataset of images with Hebrew text
Seeking Policy Restrictions Data in London and South East?
Looking for dummy data aka passport images or other IDs
Seeking IBA shapefile for Denmark?
Crime statistics for Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador
Where can I get a food ingredient database or API
Where to find number of objects in space per altitude?
Where can I get historical data on monsoon or sea wind?
Gridded population data by income level
What information to include on "edit token"?
GUDID / Device Registration Common Data Element
medical notes dataset
List of environmental impact assessments
Is there any API, tool, websites that i can find how many German people moved to United States in recent 10 years?
Different manufacturer for same application
Google Directions train timetable coverage by country
How can I download this dataset from Texas Department of Criminal Justice?
Looking for animals datasets for deep learning classification (all animal classes, groups, ...)
Any dataset of tower crane sensor data
Area size for GADM subdivision 2 areas
Is there any chance that I can find shapefiles of buildings in Qingdao, China?
Difference between Recall Enforcement Report and Recall Report?
Why does the Census API not return fields/vars when it says it should?
Building occupancy data
Is there a way to get all counties in an MSA?
Location and data of wind turbines
data for analysis of call center performance
eCommerce product dataset: image+description
Are 6-digit CIP codes available with associated Schools for College Score Card
How to obtain multiple IGE datasheets simultaneously?
Seeking country boundaries shapefile which is pre-1980?
Is there any institutions monitoring the scientific instruments performance?
Is there anywhere that I could get hours of security footage data?
Are there any open data sets with sexist/racist/violent sentences?
How to get historical weather data of Bengaluru city for 2017 & 2018
Online Dictionary for Scraping
Looking for electric vehicle charging station time series data
Open data for creating music
What is the difference between resource and category of DBpedia
Understanding data discrepancy between NDC and annotated OpenFDA data
How to choose which weather data to use in a time series?
Where can I find data to create small sample drug database?
Methane emission free satellite imagery for seminar finals?
Estimating average number of views per viewer of YouTube videos
Podcasts: Where can I find the average duration of episodes in a series?
How come there are missing entities in this SPARQL query?
Can we take recipes from Epicurous and put onto our food site
English phoneme dataset
Hourly Cryptocurrency Historical Price Data
Famous datasets that fits well with Mixture Models
Transfer from one 4-year college to another 4-year college
UDI Dataset JSON parsing efficiency TANKED after July 07 (Using Azure Data Factory)
Download Wikidata User pages
Image Dataset for basic human actions
Tour deFrance 2019: Tracking data of the Cyclists
Realtime or regularly updated gravitational dataset(s) for Earth?
Where to find Medical data Survival analysis?
Historical precipitation for every place in the USA
Datasets with x,y coordinates of ball, puck and other sports balls/projectiles
Dataset for stock indices including ticker symbol and sector
Seeking a geospatial data of 1908 PLSS?
Drivers license and motor vehicle registration data for professional drivers
Is there a smaller and free version of Linguistics Data Consortium (LDC)?
Which examples of real-world situations follow the Cauchy distribution?
Any good resources for book rating data?
Data source for Google Perspective Comment Analyzer
Verifying data accuracy on earnings by family income
I'm looking for a dataset which provides information about gas leak in a pipeline
Is there any conversational dataset for creating a chat bot with deep learning
Is there a large database of unique surnames and their (origin) language?
openfda - get list (dedupe) of unique medication strengths for given medication search
Farm Sensor Data IOT
IMDB Award Data
Gem, gemstone, crystal, rock, minerals image and other properties dataset
San Francisco 311 Open Data, what does "mobile" mean under the category "cases by channel"?
Paragraph Similar Pairs Dataset
openFDA - how do I get the brand name of a generic drug
Where can I find a good Pokemon database file?
Sorting with U.S. Department of Labor API V2?
average (annual) salaries for occupations in the UK
Seeking soil depth data for Washington State?
Seeking GIS datasets that has the degree, minutes and seconds world longitude and latitude
Business term abbreviation dataset
Getting *current* members of US Congress via the GPO API?
Historical data of a product
Looking for classification dataset with small number of subjects but many kinds of labels
ERA5 reference time zone
How to find PET scan dataset about Alzheimer disease?
Looking for malware detection dataset
Where can I source authoritative Japanese railway lines and stations?
Mapping of drug names to generics
Mobile phone coverage data for Sub - Sahara
How many inmates have committed suicide at Metropolitan Correctional Center, New York?
Theewaterskloof Dam Bathymetry
data for speech to text analysis for spanish language
psychotherapy video session
Getting updated list of US Zip Code with latitude and longitude?
Is the data from the "500 apple imac customers interview" available?
Finding zoning GIS maps/shapefiles of US online
Free GIS data that doesn't require attribution for printing on products
Dragonfly Migration Worldwide
Publicly available dataset for failure prediction in servers
Seeking 19th Century railroad ( 1900s to Today ) GIS data
Getting DEM for many small areas located all over world?
Back and front images for clothing
What is a good example of a hybrid data-set which has over 5000 entries?
Dataset for German domain names (.de)
Where to find negative image dataset for Haar Cascade
Seeking Population Dataset of provinces in Europe?
Per Diem Rates - CSV file download (data.gov)
Free, Limitless GeoJSON APIs for nation shapes?
Find most-depicted Wikidata items that have no image
Looking for DEM, DTM, DSM for northern England
MIMIC-III : How to find the first Blood Culture draw time
Request for Image Dataset of Animal Skin Disease
Grocery sales volumes
MIDI files on Archive.org
SPARQL get all the data before it reaches timeout
Allergies Dataset
Ontology for theme of a text
Recommendations for datasets Similar to Serendipity 2018 (Grouplens)?
Phishing Dataset for Deep learning
data with video to text transcription
preliminary data for debit is not working
How to determine zip-codes of employees from local businesses
CKAN install on window 7
Data on amount of students per university (and subject) in Germany
College Scorecard: determining how representative data is of the overall undergraduate body
Find all Wikidata items whose image (P18) URL contains a certain word
Does anyone know where I can find a list of geodetic benchmark locations for all of Canada?
stock market headline news database
Where can I get a dataset of ultrasound images?
Dataset for sports actions
Dataset Format - firstratedata
