How do I balance the muscle usage and strength of my body when long-distance hiking?
How much should my toes hurt in climbing shoes?
Leader injured during multipitch trad climb, what to do?
Why are indoor climbing grades easier?
Reusing the same water bottle for drinking tap water
How many "Munro" revisions have there been?
Do mountains regularly (for a mountain) change height?
How can I prevent animals from marking my camp as their territory?
How to belay on top of a pitch
How to use legs more effectively to avoid grip stress on overhangs
Do climbers shave limbs?
What fictitious wilderness animals are there as tourist attractions?
Methods for taping injured wrists
Can a compass needle become de-magnetized over time?
Are surface plugs effective for fishing in choppy water?
Create ultra light camera tripod w/ mini tripod and 3 tent poles?
How to carry a bicycle in a canoe?
What are the advantages of being short when climbing?
What is involved in taking a canoe through a lock on a major US River?
How to make DIY ice axe protectors?
Is a Canoe Bike a viable mode of human powered amphibious transportation?
Statistics on types and survivability of anchor failures?
What are the things I need to know when fashioning a sling?
Preventing hand blisters while paddling
Trail gun for protection against bears
How to fix a leak in Hydration pack?
Why would I want a pressurized hydration pack?
Are there ski exercises I can do whilst sitting at a desk?
How to overcome the fear of falling in lead climbing
When should you use gear to climb a tree?
What is the loop on the finger of my winter gloves for?
How to prepare for a long rocky alpine route, which is unusual for me?
Trekking poles making odd noise
How to wash a foam helmet?
How to walk as a roped party on a glacier?
How to detect a crevasse on a glacier
How to achieve a climbing anchor that can withstand an upward load?
When should you start to train with Campus Boards, Hang Boards and Peg Boards?
Winter route grades
What is the best mountaineering quote that you have ever read?
Arm compression sleeves for climbing
What can be done to eliminate heel lift?
Will using kick-wax on my alpine touring skis ruin the bases?
What are the real dangers of climbing at high altitude?
How can I keep the loose ends of backpack straps from blowing around?
Are Rhododendron and Mountain Laurel truly toxic to burn in a campfire?
What is the most effective means of paddling a canoe, against the current, under a bridge?
How to clean bones found outside?
Are mittens warmer than gloves?
Will a down sleeping bag recover 100% after being squeezed if it's not for a long time?
Using the Yosemite Decimal System, how difficult is Everest?
Technical clothing brands for extra long arms?
Climbing all the Munros as a continous round
How resistant to water is Tyvek in practice
How much would a base camp shower cost in the Himalayas?
Where can I expect to find naturally occurring flint in the wild?
How to prevent fingers from freezing?
Winter bivvying in the Alps: what is a good temperature rating for a sleeping bag
Why some sleeping bags have four temperature ratings while others have only one?
Can I light a kerosene lamp with flint & steel or a magnifying glass?
Groups: What are proper occasions for a large, shared hole for waste?
Tips and tricks for backpacking with a guitar
What this instrument is used for?
How can I avoid an encounter with a tiger?
What material is best for durable, waterproof, gloves in many temperatures and weather conditions?
What are the navigation considerations on the Ohio River between Pittsburgh PA.& Wheeling WV?
Slings for anchoring and lanyard in rock climbing
How to make a fully-enclosed tarp setup with a 1.4 x 2.4 meter tarp, for one person?
Divers deliberately breathing fast before diving into water
What is the first thing to do, when buried in an avalanche?
What is the easiest way to prepare a rabbit snare with minimal tools?
When hiking should I always wear a shirt and sunscreen, or is just sunscreen okay?
How to rate a walk/hike by length, height gain, etc using analysis of GPS data?
Snake on chest while sleeping?
How to freeze a water container without deforming it?
What are the navigation considerations on the Ohio River between Wheeling WV and Parkersburg WV?
What are the navigation considerations on the Monongahela and Youghiogheny Rivers between Ohiopyle State Park (PA) and Pittsburgh PA?
Avoiding building a belay anchor too low down
Preventing "heat rash" around ankles and shins?
Tips for camping in the territory of elephants
Rock Climbing falling.Turning upside down
Bleeding a fish without a cooler
How to check if a fence or cable has electricity without having special tools?
Is it ok to bleed a fish in muddy water
Are portable solar panels useful on pack trips?
Should I grind the edge or the backbevel first when sharpening my knife?
Best technique to sharpen a knife using a whetstone?
What should one do when get a cramp while swimming?
Big Wall Climbing Portaledge Toilet Etiquette?
Are camping washing machines actually effective?
Should I be using Dyneema slings for lead climbing anchors?
Measuring a dangerous snow slope
Crossbow draw strength
Is it ok to use rolled aluminum descending rings in permanent anchors?
How to clean hiking boots
Which is better, a single fisherman's knot or a double?
How can I tell if Chinese rock climbing gear is reliable?
What's the most remote place in the contiguous US?
Dropping gear: Where did the hairline/micro fracture urban legend come from?
What are some good guides to the U.S. national forests, specifically those in California?
How much does it cost to thru-hike the Appalachian Trail?
Can cold weather be sufficient to act as a refrigerator?
Is it a bad idea to dry clothes by the fire?
Online website to track A.T. section hikes and overall progress?
Finding a suitable slope to practice self arrest?
Winter Slackline solutions
Is Tyvek 44grs/m2 (Tyvek® Soft Structure Style 1443R) waterproof enough to be used as a groundsheet/footprint or tent bottom, any experience?
What could be a long and scenic two days backcountry ski tour in Switzerland, bivying on the snow?
Is there a recommended safety standard for crampons?
What are safe/effective leaves from around the world for use in tidying up your backside after answering the call of nature?
Belay with a broken arm
What is an effective way to join a map that is printed on several sheets?
Is this "dry suit cutting wrists" story realistic?
River crossing in winter?
Why are death percentages of death from trauma in an avalanche so different between USA, Europe, and Canada?
Are there any sunglasses with prescription insert that does not alter depth sense?
Benefits of tree tents over typical shelters?
Installing a hand line for scrambling?
Good places to go potholing in the UK
Gear storage: what gear that can be safely stocked outside?
Chaining locking carabiners
What are the navigation considerations on the Youghiogheny, Casselman & Potomac Rivers between Ohiopyle (PA) and Cumberland, MD
For how long afterwards do we benefit from acclimatization?
Best rope for a rope swing
What is a good substitute for water purification tablets
What are the rules to grade sport climbing single pitch routes?
Thru-hiking the Long Trail (Vermont) in late January
What considerations are required for making a hiking ascent of Mount Othrys, Greece
Where in the US can I find green mountains to hike like in Scotland, such as Dalveen Pass?
Does "dive your deepest dive first" still apply when using a computer?
If my depth varies +- 2m when breathing in and out, what's going wrong?
Which month would be, on probability, the best month to trek on the Isle of Skye, Scotland?
What are the primary considerations when trekking across the Olympic National Park, Greece including a summit of Mount Olympus?
Walking from Macugnaga to Saas-Fee
Hitch with no ends
Ski set that does both downhill and backcountry?
Acclimatization strategies
What is the purpose of the shoulder strap upper adjustment?
Why are backpack waist straps so long?
Hills closest to East Anglia
Quality/robustness of avalanche shovels
What crampon front-point setup options are specific for various types of ice climbing?
Why all the different accessory cord diameters?
Why don't people in the UK use snowshoes?
If you are buried in an avalanche will you survive?
Can anybody recommend a good mid-week winter mountaineering course or a good mountain guide in the Lake District, UK?
1000 names for snow
How to use a poncho in high winds?
B2 boots for narrow feet
From an outdoor recreation point of view, does it matter who manages a national monument?
Does cotton really kill?
In cold conditions, will you freeze faster wearing wet clothes than not wearing any?
How to camp in wolf country?
If the Dawn Wall's been climbed before why is the current attempt so difficult?
Numbers on down jackets
How to stay hydrated with minimum water usage
V-threads (Abalakov): How many holes are too many?
Ice skating on a frozen lake -- how thick should the ice be?
What are practical uses of paracord survival bracelets?
Is there a more practical type of cord to carry than "550 paracord"?
Beginner or intermediate skis for a first pair to buy?
Using anti-perspirant in extreme cold climate
Waxing cross-country skis
What knot is this one? What are its purposes?
Is there a technique to snow-shoeing besides "walk on the snow"?
What are the advantages of a vapour barrier?
Why don't cross-country skis have edges?
How do I know when my snowboard edges need to be serviced?
What should I do if I get sprayed by a skunk?
How much does a full/empty jetboil canister weigh?
Avoiding 4WD-areas in Iceland
What kind of underwear inside union suit in winter?
How can I survive multiple days in cold environment?
Which wildlife is it legal to hunt in the UK?
Headlamp with open flame
How steep of a slope can you skin up in AT gear?
Uses for different size locking carabiners
Site with statistics of mountaineering accidents
Tree skiing/riding in Colorado
Storing food in the desert
Shoe sizes for bouldering
Why should I carry a snow anchor?
Reliability of snow bollards
Should the cloth part of ski gloves be treated before use?
Are zipper covers crucial?
What is the difference between packable down jackets?
How to get pine sap off my teeth
What is the most effective way to flee from an alligator?
Minimum safe rappel rope diameters?
Can bears smell food inside dry sacks?
How to straighten a bent tent pole
What glue will stick ripstop polymide / nylon fabric together - e.g. patch on hole?
Stove/fuel setup for harsh conditions
Beginners guide to fossil hunting
What size dry bag is best for keeping and washing clothes?
Is it safe to put snow in water filtration?
Where in the north of the UK are locations with good and easy to locate fossils?
NNN (front clip) vs. telemark style bindings for backcountry XC skis
Cycling in Ontario — do I need to worry about permission to access logging roads?
Bag technique for washing clothes while backpacking?
water knot vs figure 8 follow through vs X for rock climbing anchor - What is easiest to untie?
Relative abraision resistance of Dyneema slings vs an average dynamic climbing rope
How should I traverse fields with horses in?
What are the measurements on this slope angle tool?
How can I vet a hiking partner without potential hard feelings?
Pressing the knee while ascending
Abseiling on one rope: should I attach the prusik to the other one?
Ice Axes - Ice blade or Mix blade?
Why train at less than max intensity? Especially if not training often
Delayed muscle ache after boulder session
Extra strong sunglasses for sensitive eyes
How long should you leave a synthetic sleeping bag compressed?
How to calculate the force (kN) generated by a falling climber onto their protection?
How would I find a hot spring?
How to unlock walking poles that have not been used for a while
How to overcome mental hurdles of adventure trauma?
How to humanely kill an injured bird?
Donating blood at higher altitudes and Acclimatization
Shoulder season backpacking near Whistler (early June)
How to avoid cracking your windshield while strapping down a kayak
What happened to the Rendlesham Forest Bird climbing frame?
High Altitude Cooking - Most efficient fuel and stove type
Where can I camp when driving Highway 37 in British Columbia, Canada?
Top gear presenter pees on snare, why?
What's faster on packed, gradual terrain; skinning or booting up with skis on back?
First ascents by Edward Whymper
Stronger bond between GoPro mount and helmet?
Memory foam mattress topper for camping?
Most efficient training before alpine hiking/climbing?
When is it not OK to leave feces behind?
Hiking half dome - What are the most efficient logistics for getting a campsite in little Yosemite?
How to lock a trucker's hitch without losing any tension?
Ice axe and crampon post winter cleaning/preparation
How to top belay 2 climbers at the same time on multi-pitch climb?
Down feather species, which is best?
Spray on waterproofing for non-dwr fabrics?
How to decide which tarp size to take?
How do membrane-based boots breathe?
When is it OK to hike off trail?
What can I do on a honeymoon in New Zealand while five months pregnant?
Avoiding leaks from stove and fuel bottles?
Which camp fuel type is the easiest on your stove?
How to attach signs to trees considering tree growth?
What's a realistic distance to expect boys aged 11-17 to sea kayak in a single day?
What is the term for/manufacturer of belay devices with a clip that holds the ATC onto the carabiner?
How to tandem rappel/abseil with a child?
Hiking boot fit: how snug should height of instep feel
Does sleeping with liner shoes make you feel colder?
Camping with a tarp, what are risks about animals?
What kind of car do I need to reach most hiking trailheads near Boulder Colorado, Rocky Mountain NP
Using a synthetic sleeping bag on/under it's limit
Lowering a climber from above using a belay device in autolocking mode
Is there a safe way to light and tend a small fire on earthy/peaty ground?
Leave no Trace: Are campfires unethical?
What are the principles of Leave no Trace?
How do you build a campfire that leaves no trace?
Is it feasible to hike Zion and Bryce in Utah in mid-May?
Carrying hardboiled eggs when hiking
Does a tent need special after-trip care when camping on and near ocean beaches?
Is it possible to "pad" the shoulder straps of backpack?
Red River Gorge Summer
What's the best way to dispose of a body in the backcountry?
Climbing gear: can the energy absorbers of a lanyard for via ferratas be used only once?
Looking for trails that are open in Iceland in mid-March for a multi-day hike?
Train yourself to need less water
Guidelines for safe use of ATC Nano?
Cleaning the sipper pipe of a hydration pack
Is climbing an ambidextrous sport?
Can fire starting liquid be used in a kerosene lamp?
Are there any unguided via ferrata routes in the Canadian Rockies?
My head torch/lamp has a red mode, why?
Road Trip food on the cheap
Is there any difference between a harness used for rock climbing vs for mountaineering?
Climbing barefoot/in toe-shoes?
How far would you need to fall for it to be fatal?
How do you survive getting towed under a log jam?
How to put on footwraps correctly?
Bouldering vs aid climbing vs free climbing vs free solo climbing
Surfing competitions, no commentators
Are there standardized signals to communicate with aircraft?
What is a good (and affordable) sleeping bag for someone who is beginning to backpack?
What do I do if a black bear is right outside my tent?
What happens to rappel anchors?
What are the pros and cons of custom-made hiking boots?
Continue a hike when legs start cramping
Do leeches fall onto prey from trees?
How to hide a trail turn?
What is the most effective method to clean skin exposed to poison oak?
Basic setup for trout fishing
Best sun protection for swimming
Prevent athlete´s foot (re)infection in barefoot shoes?
Cleaning the inside of a backpack
The re-hydration time for deydrated foods
What is the species of this spider? Is it venomous?
What are the main differences between dehydrated foods and freeze-dried foods?
Why is boiling water making my steel pot brown?
When rain jackets wear out, do they soak through?
How to light a fire with wet firewood?
Should you avoid handling lambs?
How to walk silently in the woods?
Big Wall Rock Climbing - Harness Off
Paramo vs Gore-Tex jackets?
Any sites/apps for sharing and rating hiking/hillwalking routes?
Fixed line: Prusik vs mechanical ascender
Optimal use of available GPS devices when stranded
How to carry perishable foods on a multi-day trip, without it going rotten?
How would I identify between MSR Wisperlite and Wisperlite International stoves?
What type of rope should I use for roof work?
Where is the optimal place to do dishes in the backcountry?
How to record 2-day trek track when Garmin etreX 20 has limitation of 2000 points?
Is it safe to wear a down jacket while building a fire
How effective are pen launcher bear bangers compared to bearspray?
When to use a static rope?
Solo-backpacking in mountain lion country
Why might one need a 2000 lumen headlamp?
Is campfire smoke safe for inhalation and cooking?
Eating ash in Soviet Union
Is a camping grill an indispensable cooking utensil in the wild?
How often to wash gore-tex?
How to keep your beer cold up to 12 hours?
Good 2-day Alpine hike near Liezen, Austria?
How to prevent mosquitoes entering in your mouth while running?
How to care for a smelly (as in wet dog smell) down sleeping bag?
Sliding Insoles: does this need to be resolved?
How to efficiently fill a bladder with water?
Why do big wall harnesses have two belay loops?
Are manual double-back buckles on harnesses considered obsolete?
How to prevent chafing in my lower regions
Geocaching websites
When should a belay device be replaced?
How do I make sure my cliff-diving location is safe?
May camping with a tarp be safer than using a tent, in bear country?
What's the difference between frontcountry camping and backcountry camping?
Is a tepee, log cabin, or lean-to configuration most effective for starting a fire?
Bolt Conditions at the New River Gorge
Solar Power While Backpacking
Where can I get long but light bottoms for water?
How do I attach a hammock to trees?
What refilling material or glue did you chose to resole your trekking shoes? (What works, what doesn't)
Staying warm in a lightweight sleeping bag
How much side protection should sunglasses have?
Should compound bows be unstrung when not shooting?
Help identifying black and white "square winged" bird?
Adjustable mid-line knot?
How can you safely set up a climbing anchor from above?
Properly using a Gamow Bag
Is wild garlic edible? How do you prepare it?
Stuff or roll a tent for storage?
How much Carbohydrate should I ingest during a long distance hike (18 hours plus)?
North Ridge of Crib Coch grade
Activities on a long voyage to avoid boredom?
Belaying two seconds?
Can hunting dogs be trained to hunt multiple animals?
How do I help people enjoy camping/hiking (like I do!)?
When is the midge season in Scotland?
Law on hunting wild pigeon? (UK)
How do I protect my book(s) while backpacking?
Is dyneema rope without a sheath safe for climbing?
Are static dyneema/spectra ropes suited for use on glaciers?
Is a smartphone or dedicated gps receiver better for navigation in the desert?
Will aid climbing make you a better trad climber?
Is there a game camera that can immediately alert me when it sees something?
Sleeping Bag Damp for long time - risks of use?
Should I spray a 'good' raincoat with 'water proof' spray?
What sort of rock climbing grade can a goat do?
What is the best rope material to use for climbing protection?
How far away should I hang my food with dry bag?
Is stringing a recurve without a stringer damaging to the bow?
Drinking alcohol as the last choice in survival situation
What is the difference between "dry rope", "non-dry rope" and "dry core rope"?
Do dog life jackets have the same ratings as humans?
How to cook meat with no equipment?
What makes a good surfing location?
Advice on wild swimming in Ontario, Canada
Dangers of excavating caves?
How to clean cookware?
How does one choose the right standup paddle board size?
How to store a bow?
Why do Robins tilt their head to the side before pulling a worm out of the ground?
What are good baits for crabbing?
Identify this bird call?
Which animals taste different by sex?
Should I pop my blister before a hike?
What sea life may be hazardous when rockpooling?
Why did I get goosebumps after drinking water while walking in Hot and Humid weather?
What is the knee pain beneath and under the kneecap from hiking up and down inclines?
Waterproof shoes for men for +10°..+15°C and full-day use
What are Miner bees, and how do they differ from other bees?
What is a good tarp setup for very high winds above the tree line?
How can you tell if you can reuse an arrow?
How to use an avalanche shovel as a snow anchor for a belay?
How do I reliably diagnose my own dehydration?
Exploring coastal caves safely?
Back country solution to itchy insect bites
How to hike without constantly looking down
Which glue to use to repair a tent outer?
How to encourage birds into the garden of a rented house?
Tackle for catching bass on live bait
Why are two birds obsessed with a chopped-down tree?
How did people make topographical maps in the pre-modern?
What are the differences between golf and hiking/outdoor waterproofs?
Is drinking water containing dirt harmful?
Can you wash ticks out with shampoo?
How can I avoid or lessen sweating in a rain jacket?
What animal might uproot and relocate a newly-transplanted sedum?
What do the numbers on sole of heel mean on my Brasher boots?
Opening a beer bottle using a mountaineering ice ax
How many clothes should I bring to Philmont, or any long backpacking trip?
Which is the best clothing in extreme heat?
Running in bear country
Waterproofing leaking canvas on a pop-up camper
Little or lesser-known multi-day hike routes
Trekking in the Alps with a toddler - should we stay in refuges or backpack?
How to attach a shackle to vertical square tubes by using a rope?
When should you remove old pitons?
How do I self-assess my physical condition after a fall in the backcountry?
Why do seagulls circle around at high altitudes?
How do I get mold off my sandals?
What are the basic considerations for hammock camping?
Wild camping in the Brecon Beacons
What are the disadvantages of using a lighter fly line than the indicated for the reel?
What level of UV protection is recommended for glacier travel?
How can I know if a rope is certified? I found a hidden tag
What is this tool on a Swiss Army knife for?
Why bring a multitool on long treks?
Renting a boat for overnight in ocean?
What are some simple tasks to teach knife safety?
Theft and tent camping
Michigan Upper Peninsula Hiking - Long Trail
What are the best practices to ensure survival of catch and release fish?
How did cartographers map out shores before modern times?
How safe is it with Grizzly bears when hiking in the Rockies near Calgary, Alberta?
What is the most efficient way to position a reflector?
Rope between legs while leading on rock, ice
Impregnation and waxing full leather shoes
Is there a good and fast way to dry used flies before storing them?
Will practicing casting on my backyard lawn damage my fly line? If so, how to avoid it?
What should I bring home foraged mushrooms in?
Can I use wading sandals with waders?
How dangerous is it to walk with wet feet in cold terrain?
What is this small, bright yellow, mushroom found in the woods in Massachusetts?
Sleeping in an inflatable boat
What is the longest stretch of bike trail that parallels a navigable river in the US?
Sleeping in an inflatable boat
What are the criteria for tent for one person
is it a good idea to cover a tent with a tarp to protect for heavy rainfall?
How do "Dock leaves" work to reduce itching from stinging nettles?
Most accurate way to judge distances traveled in a kayak?
Where can I go backcountry camping in southern Ontario Canada
How to handle grizzly bear encounters
What's a good, lightweight solution for portable cookware?
How to carry fat, greasy foods like tahini sauce and peanut butter?
What adjustments should be made to cast when using a heavier fly line than rod class?
Should I wear a fleece while cross country skiing?
Where/how can I catch American signal crayfish in the UK?
What are the best methods for hanging food in a tree?
Would the Red Wing Irish Setter work for Philmont?
What is this plant? Is it Poison Oak?
Do Herons travel alone in New England?
What to look for in hiking shoes?
Rod and Tackle Combination for Beginner Fisher
Keeping Single Item Cold While Backpacking For 2 Days
How can I safely practice trad climbing?
Is it a good idea to grind Esbit fire tabs?
Can I use a tent in bear country, if I ate food in it over a year ago?
Searching for a sport route in the Briançon area, France
Is it safe to cook food during a hike (on trail) when bears are possibly around?
Where can we go backpacking out West under 8,500 feet that has much of the feel of much higher altitudes
Outdoor activities for shoulder season
Where to almost wild camp in the Ardennes?
Why should I take a pocket knife for wild camping / hiking?
Where to get the DOS version of "DataTalk" (for Aladin diving computers)?
Is there National Park-equivalent protected nature in the United Kingdom?
How to prevent sweat washing off insect repellent?
What is the easiest way to remove creosote from pots and pans?
What is the best way to re-waterproof a nylon tarp?
When can a glacier be crossed without special gear (axes, crampons, rope, etc.)?
What can be done to restore a Down Sleeping Bag after compressed storage?
What do you call the criss-crossed elastic strap on this Northface backpack?
Is the "rattlesnake line" higher now in the Sierra than it used to be, decades ago?
Practical uses for commando/Australian rappel?
What is the best way to store paddles?
Cleaning the plastic residue of the inside of my old backpack
Avoiding a "ding-dong" when lead belaying in the gym?
MSR Sweetwater dripping
Fishing Rods: One Piece or Two Piece
Should you occasionally use locking biners on pieces of protection when using alpine draws?
What clothing would be suitable for hiking and camping in 0°C?
What would happen if I use a USA (GMRS/FRS) two-way radio in Europe?
Protecting Food Supplies from wild animals While Backpacking
What do you hang on 1/4" bolts while rock climbing?
What is a hammock ridgeline and how do I use it?
How much experience is needed with llamas to hike with a llama, on one's own?
Would tied strips of webbing have similar strength to a climbing rope?
Why do some climbing ropes have smaller load bearing than some paracords?
What's the best way to avoid slipping on ice?
What is the difference between back-stepping versus a layback in rock climbing?
Backpacking Through Rain
What are wildlife hazards/precautions near the treeline at 8200ft on Hearst Lake in Montana?
What is an equalette anchor?
What safety precautions should I take on the Appalachian Trail?
US vs central European bear advice
What will the water temperature be at Sharm el-Sheikh at a depth of 30m in October?
What are the Pros and Cons of No-Cook Backpacking?
Should I go to New-Zealand on November instead of December just to make it to the Milford track?
Is any subspecies of black bear more -- or less -- aggressive than another?
What safety precautions should I take when hiking in an area with bears?
When is it unethical to dismantle a fire-ring?
Doing The Ice Run 2016. Any recommendation on how to survive Siberian Winter
Pack of coyotes in my neighborhood
How to deal with unethical campers?
Is Kamikaze knot safe with ropes of different diameters?
Protein-intake on extended minimal-weight treks
Most common avoidable reasons for climbing accidents?
Safe ways to abseil last
Backpacking with a dog
Help needed in selecting the right backpack
Genuine leather or synthetic leather boots
Alternative pump for Nemo airbeam tent
Hiking: How to start?
How do I get cam slings replaced?
How do I keep my shoes from rolling around my feet while trail running?
What to look for in an Umbrella for Backpacking?
When I do and when I don't need shoes with ankle supports?
Tips for Cooking with Unseasoned (green) Firewood
Aid climbing: do you need a fifi hook if you use adjustable daisy chains?
What trees/bushes are best suited for a simple bow?
How is a fifi used in aid climbing?
What is this fish hook type called?
What are offwidth cracks and what makes them so hard to climb?
What's the easiest to release, though solid, knot "on a bight"?
How do I setup a proper jig?
De-stinking my water shoes
What types of trees are in these intertwined groups in Massachusetts?
Fitness for hiking to Everest base camp
What is a Burrito wrap?
Can you eat dock leaves? How can they be prepared?
What should I do if I meet a wild bear in the forest?
How do you eat nettles?
What climbs at Tahquitz were the original definitions of YDS class 5 grades?
Encountering a bear in water?
Could spray foam insulation be used effectively as an emergency sleeping bag?
Can rock climbers easily transition to canyoning?
What order of response time can I expect if I hit the "911" button on my SPOT Satellite Personal Tracker?
Alternatives to Dacron backing on fly reel?
Recommended ascents for the improving mountaineer
How to repair a plastic canoe?
How many miles per hour can a person travel a day on foot?
Restoring water repellency in leather hiking boots
Rappelling from tree
Please explain this cryptic instruction on soloing related knots
What are some techniques to avoid touching a wet tent wall?
How to make a traditional torch?
Does touching the tent outer wall from the inside make it leak?
What are some alternatives to drilling holes in a toothbrush?
Why do some fisheries have a lower size limit and others have an upper size limit for keeping fish?
Backpack is moving from side to side when I walk - is that the way it's supposed to be?
Learning Anchors - How is single cordelette loop anchor redundant?
Is rope-soloing inherently dangerous, and if so, why?
How to tow a canoe with a bicycle?
Any reasons not to use 30-year-old ice axe?
Leaving a fire unattended for a few hours, then returning
UV Protection while trekking at 5000m for myopic vision
When will a rattlesnake strike?
How long of cord do I need to make a three-point cordelette?
Is there a Polish mountain rescue organisation?
Considerations for older campers?
Where can I find additional resources about Wildlands Provincial parks in Alberta?
Surviving a forest fire while backpacking
One-sided overhand bend
Attaching a mosquito net to a tent
Bolting Canyons, can your bolt be under water?
How do I repair the "Fishscale" side of a cross country ski?
At what point is a rattlesnake mature enough to control its venom?
Transporting Large Amounts of Fish
How many bike paths parallel the Ohio River?
What nocturnal animal sound am I hearing in the trees in Maine?
Inexpensive ways to learn cross-country skiing
Toothpaste in the back-country and the principle of leave no trace
How to introduce individuals to the concept of Leave No Trace
Sharp knee pain when going up and down stairs/bending my knee after my first backpacking trip
Creek discovery. Two structures at opposing ends of the bank. What are they?
BMC Discount on Climbing Walls
What is the difference between accessory cord and prusik cord?
What's this knot called?
How to choose length for backcountry touring skis?
Outrigger and/or leeboard when sailing a canoe?
How do you tie your shoes one handed?
Rocks to line a fire pit
When transporting hot liquids, is it better to use one large flask, or two small flasks?
How do you get into a prone position without catching your crampons?
Snowboard Boots with the Throwback?
How do I calculate how much lift an outrigger needs?
Can fish sense a person's heartbeat from vibrations through the line?
What to do when you run out of rope on a sports climb?
How do I achieve/maintain optimal hydration?
Why do I never see robins in the woods?
Safe, effective method for splitting firewood using a hatchet?
How to deal with Serbian scorpions?
Rain soaked leather jacket- how to repair?
Do snakes try to get in hammocks?
Are DEET-based insect repellents effective against fleas?
Are any natural insect repellents effective against fleas?
Why do I often see male robins with female robins?
How to humanely kill an injured rabbit?
Is nyloprene less smelly than neoprene?
What nocturnal animal in Massachusetts skitters around and grunts loudly?
Nocturnal pack hunting animal that hoots like wind chimes - Massachusetts
What are the pros and cons of a digital altimeter over an analog altimeter for backpacking?
Hiking trails in Pennsylvania
Tactical Folder vs traditional knife patterns for EDC
When are the peak seasons for Appalachian Trail though hikers in western Maine?
Geocache inside of a pole
What is the best strategy to survive in water?
What do mountaineers eat and drink on the day of an Everest summit?
Insoles rolling in when shoes are wet
Is there a difference between Trail and Fell running?
How much should your backpack weigh?
This isn't a double overhand loop -- what is it?
How do you keep your dog cool while hiking on hot sunny days?
Is clipping directly onto a dyneema sling safe?
How do you get better at static climbing?
knives, how long a blade should I carry?
What to do if the second seems stuck and absolutely no communication is possible?
What are the Pros and Cons of a Full-coverage Rainfly?
Catching largemouth bass with sunfish?
Spreader rig safety question
Rock climbing over edge - What can I put under the rope to protect it?
What do you call the bags which help organize items inside a backpack?
What type of bird seed attracts the most amount of birds?
Backpacking in the Winter (Michigan)
Does a bird really abandon the nest? Will similar birds re-use it?
Bottled Oxygen on Everest
How to avoid snakes when hiking in heavily leaved areas?
How to help birds with water?
What should I feed ravens/crows?
What easy 6,500m peaks would serve as easy qualifiers for Everest?
Can you identify flying bats?
What kind of leaf should I NOT use for tissue or toilet paper?
What types of live bait should I use to catch red drum?
When are the best times/months to catch speckled trout on the US Gulf Coast?
Advice for waterproof winter jacket for city and cycling
Are there any electrically heated winter gloves?
Seam tape on tent fly
How do you grade a bouldering problem?
Is there a connection between stress and difficulty in acclimatizing?
Similar knots to be avoided
Questions about specifics of black bear encounter with mother and yearling cub
How to re-store an inflatable sleeping pad?
Proper food storage against black bears on a LONG (e.g., 14 days) trip, partly in black bear country? (enough bear canisters not practical)
Plus size wet suits?
How to keep my legs warm in winter?
Acclimatizing to Hot weather
Acclimitization: Would 20 min at an "oxygen bar" deliver more than an ephermal boost to a healthy person?
How do you diagnose severe altitude illness?
Trekking Har ki doon (India): Permits and Guides
Within the U.S. Grand Circle area, where is the number of daytime trail permits limited?
What is "Isolation" and "Prominence" in mountain terms?
Case example on Altitude Mountain Sickness: How to detect and react properly?
Can I mix the contents of a cigarette with Odomos to prevent leech bites?
Retractable reel for twine - does it exist?
Should I run if I see wild dogs?
Is it ok to wear hiking shoes on street conditions?
Can nylon ropes fail from bend fatigue?
Are any canyons in the Sierra de Grazalema accessible without special canyoneering gear?
Do sugar maple trees ever flower in the fall in Ohio?
How do I apply for a permit for the Zona de Reserva in Parque Natural Sierra de Grazalema? Can it be done online?
Why are backpacks mostly not made of waterproof material?
Winter camping in Western Europe sleeping bag question
Is there a practical "Measurement of warmth"?
Is there a mesh mini-tent on the market that covers head, shoulders and arms, allowing you read comfortably in buggy terrain?
Is the outdoor ”cottage industry” only about ultralight?
Walking through an active railway tunnel during a long distance walk
Any tips for landing fish on barbless hooks?
Dealing With Wind Direction Changes When Sleeping In A Tarp
How to "spot" someone who is bouldering?
Climbing: fear/panic on boulder wall
Where in the world are train-track right of ways, also public right of ways?
Blister Prevention/ Heel hardening
What is a "sling belay?"
Criterions in multi-pitch climbing to be considered a free ascent
What are other possible make-shift alternatives for chalk powder?
Toprope webbing anchor with figure 8 knots
Selection of toilet area, its distance from the trail, its size with respect to number of people in group, placement of holes
Which two handed fly casting style should I learn?
How to fold rope for storage?
What tent should I use for extended winter camping in the midwest US?
Can I reuse the soft fibres from hackle feathers in some other fly tying application?
Is this anchor set up right?
Why is silnylon/silpoly slippery, but silicone sealant is not?
What are these bulges? Are they harming the tree?
Effective way to carry a sleeping mattress with rucksack?
Where do you get GPS tracks (hikes) for southeast Asia?
Twisting board technique when turning a snowboard?
I have an older shotgun designed for lead shot, can I use steel shot?
Is a recurve bow more accurate than a long bow?
What are other alternatives to Sleeping pads?
What is the best way to give an injured bird water?
Where to report bird with leg ring id?
Repairing down stuff?
Can you help identify this fish i caught?
What is the technique for fishing with live croaker bait?
How often do I need to clean my rimfires?
Distel Hitch vs Prussik
How to react to cattle charging towards you?
What happens when compound bow limbs fail?
In a survival situation, what can I use from a green coconut palm?
How can I get a coconut from a tree?
Does keeping the crossbow cocked for long periods of time, (i.e. while hunting), harm the crossbow in any way?
Is the keeper wire loop on a tubular belay device necessary?
Breaking a fresh green coconut
What is the English word for this type of run/race?
What percentage of bacteria in water dies if it is boiled? How clean is it after boiling?
Efficient technique for handling trad gear?
Best method of carrying fruits over a period of 3 days while on a trek
Are there any contaminates that become more toxic when boiled?
Terminology and cues for reading river water when fly fishing
Will it damage my rain gear to store it in a compression sack?
What materials from nature can I use to make a hunting bow in the wilderness?
How does one rewaterproof a rain jacket?
Is listening to music on earphones while hiking solo safe enough?
How much sea water can I safely drink?
How many people have done a triple triple?
How many miles of hiking trails are there in the United States?
What's the safest way to hike up a steep slope in deep snow?
Legal situation for roving in Sweden
What's that stinging feeling when I swim in the sea?
Walking technique to deal with muddy, slippery underground?
Does rain harm a bow
Is a field tip as effective as a hunting tip for small game
Akita as my hunting buddy
Sore left knee when hiking
What does a dark colored fur mean regarding a jaguar
Keeping the Batteries warm
Rational reason to pick a bow over a gun?
Any reason to prefer bow-fishing over rod-fishing?
What's the point of stringdampers in 3D shooting
Any disadvantages if I reuse fletches?
Went fishing on the river for full day, caught one fish; normal?
Identify this sailing insigina
Are there mouflons without horns?
Does a tracer influence the arrow in any way
What is the “Trail User’s Code”?
Name of this quiver type
Arrow length for hunting
How long should an arrow be?
World's largest 3D archery course?
Which oil to "burn" (with a hot air gun) a rattan recurve
Should I use a double or triple broadhead for boars?
How to prevent frost / ice damage camping equipment?
What time of year is best to forage sloes in the UK?
What locations am I likely to find sloe bushes?
Slotted bead head on non-jig hook
Is there a minimum poundage required for bow hunting?
How to react to an aggressive boar
Any dangerous animals attracted to fire?
Can urinating around camp attract wildlife?
Does Life Paint effect waterproofing?
Looking for snorkeling sites with healthy coral
Pros and cons of different types of snorkeling fins
What's meant by poundage or weight of a bow?
How to get an insert out of the shaft again?
In real life, could the best possible archer pull off the shots that Katniss Everdeen routinely performs?
Should I run if I come across Hyena?
Why was Fred Bear shooting left-handed?
How to visually identify a rap hanger?
Is there any practical use for a grappling hook?
How to determine the thickness of ice?
Why are these acceptable and safe anchors?
Is "dynamically soaring" suitable as a bird identification feature?
Any reasons to prefer braces over belts?
Repair broken plastic buckle in the middle of hiking or alternative way to fix it
Why's the plastic/paper cup training so popular?
Keeping safe distance while scrambling
How to store a knife
How to wax a bow string
What type of seabed attracts speckled trout?
Drift fishing vs anchor fishing?
Is soda can fishing actually effective?
What micron level is needed to properly filter viruses from water?
How do I neutralise the smell of a human on a fawn/roe deer?
How to store a snowboard?
Are there any inedible seaweeds on the UK coastline?
Does the fletching length practically influence the arrow?
Why do some archers wear two gloves?
Prohibited to walk through/over historical significant areas?
Is killing fish with iced water really humane?
What's the best way to plan a 3D archery course?
How to measure the temperature without a thermometer?
Meeting an unknown snake on the trail; what is the best thing to do?
Does it look like these boots are too long for my foot?
Differences between two spine declarations?
Arrows in full length measured without the nock?
What's the spine of an arrow
Avoid swimming into climbing plants/creepers
What to consider while walking around a Geyser
Heal burn wounds in the wild
What are the dangerous animals in Southern Nevada
What is a recurve bow?
Can Manila rope be straightened/relaxed?
What large mammals have become extinct or rare in the Colorado Rockies and Sierra in the past 100 years?
What to consider before roving?
How to create a cast or splint to aid a broken bone?
What's a field tip?
How to tell if it's safe to jump an obstacle on horseback?
In an emergency situation, is it healthy to eat human flesh?
When stranded, how do I choose a place to camp on an island?
What is a bow shelf?
What are the most frequent crimes perpetrated by people against people in the Great Outdoors?
What is a longbow?
How can a barbed wire fence be crossed safely?
What is this marker stone
Highest point of the Planneralm 3D course (Robin Hood land)
What's a bullet tip/point?
What are the dangers of descending/rappeling very quickly?
How to remove a tent pole cord from a pole tip?
How to react to someone measuring distances?
How to start foraging in the UK?
Protection from rain - running vs. walking
Distinguish iced snow from powder
What is the best time of day to view Bison in Oklahoma?
What is a safe distance for large, non-predatory wildlife?
Why is the US kill rating so different?
How should we protect ourselves from a lightning strike?
Are Hawthorn berries edible?
Why / when to limit how much you gather?
Why do some prefer methane to cook food
Calculate true north with a compass and map
Municipal invasive species committee experiences?
Is camping at Zion National Park in mid-December feasible?
Have attacks on humans by raptors other than owls been documented, excluding cases where they were defending their nests?
What are some heavy-duty alternatives to a long line for walking a dog on rugged terrain?
Hydration for pets
Which ski binding for alpine touring?
Possible to transform (at least two) smartphones into walkie-talkie like devices?
What precautions need to be taken when night-caching?
How to behave when there is a wild boar in your way
Is wax waterproofing more effective than spray for fabric coat?
How to Shoo away a stubborn Stray Dog/Dogs who decides to tag along with you on a hike?
What are suitable strength exercise for archers?
How are textile properties, such as elasticity, wind and water resistance, drying time, measured?
What makes flannel so popular?
What is the correct ice axe grip when descending?
Lots of birds together at the same time
When/Where do foxes attack humans?
Creating a bone colored feather dye
Why do you not aim for the head while archery hunting?
Does wearing too many layers have any negative impacts other than sweating?
Does newspaper (in shoes) kill Gore-Tex (breathability)?
What's the purpose of dog boots?
Building a fridge in the wild
How do I rescue someone out of a crevasse?
Which ABEC to use for park skating?
Skis or Snowshoes for Colorado
How do I know when to choose between a Klemheist or prussik knot?
Is there anything specific required for a dog first aid kit?
I never adjust for true north. Is this bad practice?
Are wooden shafts competitive to carbon ones?
Are "skateshoes" really necessary?
How much distance is there between True North and Magnetic North Poles?
When is the best time of year to find the North Pole?
Descending a dry grass slope with serious inclination and exposure
What should I do if I disturb a bird of prey with a kill?
What is the most efficient DIY alcohol stove for narrow pots?
Can you tell the gender of a chipmunk from a distance?
Long Ride on Horseback through Europe
Does moisture harm a skateboard?
Circumstances to prefer mittens over common snowboarding gloves?
How to react to a shark attack
How to deal with a tooth infection?
How to concentrate on a minimal point on a solid surface?
Get the bad smell out of sheep wool
As Mountaineers what can we give back to Mountains?
How to walk on wet, slightly rotten wood?
Material to use for home printed target faces?
How to help a fox with rabies?
Camping and Monkeys
How to get rid of RV awning/canopy stink?
How effective are mosquito repellents for people who are mosquito magnets?
Staying safe from hunters while hiking in France
Monkeys and Rock Climbing
Camping 3000 miles from home: how best to get our gear to the campsite?
How can I ascertain the proper harvesting/extraction period for birch syrup for a particular region?
Should wax for G-1000 be continuously applied?
Is a portable jump starter dangerous?
Under what circumstances would you not use a recently planted ice screw?
Where do you place ice screws?
Blisters on small of back
In kayaking how would you escape an underwater whirlpool current if you were trapped in one?
What is the proper etiquette for back country camps with assigned spaces when people take a different site?
How many lumens for a diving torch?
Books for the outdoors
Stop insects from flying into my cooldrink?
Difference between full keel and fin keel?
What is the aspect ratio of a keel and how does it affect your how your boat sails?
Why do Sandpipers and Plovers "hang out" together?
What are the different stages of frostbite?
Winter backpacking pants
How much does body fat actually insulate you against the cold?
How to find a trekking buddy
Legal situation for Parkour in the EU
Is it feasible to use Zakopane as a base to climb the Tatra mountains?
What's the best way to remove layers of bottom paint from a sailboat hull?
Hypothermia Prevention - Post Ice Water Fall
Suggestions for a winter lifestyle
How fast do you lose heat in cold water immersion?
How do you treat frozen lungs?
Is it safe to drink snow?
What is the most effective means of melting snow with body heat for drinking?
How to get weather information in the backcountry
How to react to a fox in furious phase (rabies)?
Membrane jacket rises up when crouching
Small mushroom in Massachusetts Identification?
Can you use a pull buoy in tidal water easily?
How do I disinfect my wool hiking socks?
Is there any evidence, one way or the other, that "Adopt a Highway" programs reduce littering?
Advantages of a (hunting) hat in the woods?
Excercises to get in a mindful state
Repair a GoreTex jacket's zip?
Need help Identifying the proper globe for an unknown propane lantern
Why did the wolf-pack withdraw from attacking me?
Bearpaw fletching jig deluxe - am I able to just change the clamps from right winged to straight?
Is a mountaineering tent necessary for backpacking Iceland?
From the point of view of wildlife, what is the most dangerous component of roadside litter?
How to carry a traditional bow while hiking?
Maxi Yacht: How do the keel and the hull align when heeled over?
Will drinking lots of water in the day(s) prior to a long trek mean I will need less water on the trek?
How can I recuperate between two long walks
I've been out of the water for a little over a year; what should I focus on refreshing before I dive again?
Which country has the most snow days in Europe?
How can I prevent calf muscle pain while descending?
Are pets allowed to thru-hike US National Scenic Trails?
How tight should I tie hiking boot laces?
What is the most effective way to keep warm in a Hammock in below freezing weather?
What species of bird is in this recording?
What species of bird is in this recording from Bethesda MD?
What is the different between climb-spec and military-spec webbing?
Differences between the right and the left trekking sock
Sticks leaning on a tree building a hut-like formation - what's the purpose of that?
Dozens of dead little spiders in the snow
What is the hand-pedal device called on an Open 60 sailboat?
Unfreezing cached water bottles
How to calculate how much sugar to use as antifreeze in drinking water?
What is the safest and most effective additive to keep drinking water from freezing?
What coat should I wear when camping that won't be damaged through melting by embers from a fire?
Backpack with rifle/bow holder without camo?
How to correctly wear a backpack
Does a Bear Archery bow quiver influence my Grizzly?
How do you reset your body 'thermostat' after hiking in snow?
Hiking in SE France
How do I connect to an Autobelay with a Whillan's harness?
Allergic to Neoprene and need water shoes
Would a Jackson Fun or Wave Sport Fuse kayak work for a beginner on low category rivers, but mostly flat water?
Blizzard Chaser: What to take on a 5-hour Blizzard Hike?
Is there any way to dispose of liquid fuel?
What belay systems would work for beginning climbers who can only use one arm?
What animal is making odd footprints and squeaking sounds under my guest house?
Is there a (long-distance-) trail without any available maps?
Kayaking/canoeing in Korea
Adjustable cross-country-skiing poles vs trekking poles
Backcountry Skiing Bindings compatible with soft boots
Affordable Hiking/Trekking boots for flat feet
What to do with a wet dog while camping
How do I get my fingers and toes warm before rock climbing at cold temperatures?
Is there a device to hook anything on a branch?
How can I recognize a game trail?
Can a human survive in Saltstraumen or other whirlpool?
Does it help to play a fake sound when confronted with a wild animal?
Any swim goggles that may be beneficial for a surfer?
Largest protected forest (ancient woodland) in England?
Easily accessible, short hikes in New Mexico?
What is the correct way to attach a rope to a harness with carabiners?
Why do Sandpipers sometimes hop on one leg?
Why do Sandpipers show off their catch?
Is it ever necessary to double up locking carabiners?
What would cause sudsy surf?
Why are eye friction hitches not commonly used in rock climbing?
How to repair the ripped seam in my leather cowboy boots?
Are almond fruits edible?
Stoveless/fireless hiking food suggestions
Legal situation for camping in the German Elbsandsteingebirge
Nice forest 'around' London for a 2 days hike
Does it feel colder than before if you warm yourselves up and go out in the cold again?
Easton Axis and Axis Traditional - are they basically the same?
What are some of the winter hiking trails rated difficult in Colorado's Rocky Mountain National Park that don't require technical climbing?
Why is it prohibited to sleep in a tent?
How to make a fish hook?
How much energy does your body give off on a normal basis? Which part of your body gives off the most heat? What is this amount
Swans jammed together in a small pond
Am I allowed to "wild-camp" in my car?
How does drying stuff in your sleeping bag work?
Roof-top tents vs conventional tents?
What qualifies as a bear bag?
Does a pound on your foot equal 5 pounds on your back?
Newbie going fishing in a lake. Which of these lures would be best?
How safe are stoppers/rocks when threaded through rock tunnels?
Which fingers to use in a 2 finger pocket when rock climbing?
Where and when do I use these lures [new fisher]
How to safely train for and grip pockets?
Programmable handheld/wristworn gps
What accreditations should a professional rock climbing cams reslinger have?
Advantages of a back quiver
UTM Rulers for Odd Scales?
How to plan a day hike
What respirator should I get for urbex?
Bouldering beside the freeway
What locations to scuba dive inland in the UK?
Any reason to carry a mug outside of the backpack?
How to differentiate between a Hobby and a Kestrel?
Can elk hair be replaced by deer hair when tying a dry fly?
How do Plover sentinels give the "move out" signal?
What are the easiest methods to carry a backpack when cycling?
Paracord rope strength
Bypassing river fords in Maine's 100 Mile Wilderness
How unpleasant is Hypothermia?
Where exactly would be the kill of this squirrel?
3D archery course in croatia with ocean view
What Navigation Aids can I make on an island with only a knife?
Deer activity in the wet
Is it possible to use Suunto Ambit3 R with multiple heart rate monitors?
Diving mask colouring
How do PADI and SSI qualifications match up?
Inflatable pole less tents
Is it more likely for a viper to bite in a muddy weather?
Where is a good introduction to snow chain usage?
What wetsuit thickness is recommended in which temperatures for diving?
How to distinguish "bad shooting" from "bad spine"?
Why does abseiling become easier gradually?
How well do timber rattlers swim?
How do you get rid of Itching sole?
Why aren't there any electric stoves that can be used for cooking where you can't build a fire?
Should you store a compass flat?
How can I safely wade through swamps/bogs?
Things to consider when approaching deer
Which bends are binding knots?
When do you need compensation training for bouldering?
Snowboarding / Skiing - snow gathers on our goggles - what do you do to deal with this problem?
How do I prevent myself from getting pumped when climbing?
What happens when someone dies on Mount Everest?
How can I tell if a plant is poisonous?
IOS Map App that creates routes by tracing a path?
A skeleton with elfish ears - which animal was that?
What materials are suitable for constructing a sleeping mat?
Men using a women's trekking backpack
How effective is wasp spray on bears?
How to use a Munter hitch to belay and rappel?
When is it appropriate to make a cairn?
What are good indicators of hail approaching?
How can I avoid shooting my lips?
How to get kinks and twists out of a climbing rope?
How to abseil without a descender device?
What are the main disadvantages to a kiteboat in terms of long distance bluewater sailing?
What is a suitable workflow for cutting down trees?
Why are people so worried about Giardia?
Is the ACE 1 Ultra-Clean Biomass Cookstove too good to be true?
What do you call a long-handled hatchet?
How to attach snowboard to backpack during skitour?
Do tent colors have functional purposes?
What should I do when in an unintentional contact with a bear?
Which arrow inserts to use?
Will Black Bears actually follow you up a tree
How to kill a bear with a bow?
What to eat if survivaling in Ireland?
What exactly is meant by the diameter of an arrowhead point?
What factors are important to consider when purchasing a bow trigger release system?
Can Grizzlies climb trees?
How can the attitude that one is a guest in black bear country prevent hassles with bears?
Frogs in pond attacking one reddish coloured frog?
Where does the name Deadman come from in mountaineering gear?
In a survival situation, should I drink unpurified water?
What's the best way to apply patches to partially waterproof softshell jackets?
Is there statistical backing for asserting the wilderness is safer than the highway?
A snake glides over a very rough, hard surface with no signs of discomfort...how?
How to stop rain from entering at the cuffs of my rain jacket?
Yosemite in late March a good idea?
Leave-no-trace-exception for tissues?
Is a barrel knot the same as a double/triple overhand knot?
Is a single strand of webbing unacceptable for climbing anchors?
What's the problem with burying toilet paper?
Tent inside of a tent - any improvement in warmth?
How to transport diving knives / shears?
Tent floor length relative to height
When do boats have the right of way?
What sleep quality do you get in the outdoors?
What is the process of winterizing a boat?
Can you get burned by boiling water on everest?
How do you pitch a tarp so that you will not get wet in a heavy rain?
How should I position my hummingbird feeders to attract the most birds?
Can you boil water on top of Everest?
How to "hide" text so that it can't be vandalized but without damaging any public property?
How should I vet belayers? What should I look for?
Does the color of hummingbird nectar make a difference?
How to get rid of illegal artificial paints on historical monuments?
Can I use a blue plastic tarp to float my vehicle across water?
How to set up my snowboard binding for the backcountry
What is an appropriate caliber for hunting mule deer?
Can I use one helmet for both kayaking and skiing?
Are there any affordable night vision goggles that are good and available to civilians?
How do you lower a backpack over a cliff without damaging it?
How to prevent breath steam diminishing light power when using a headlamp?
Is there a type of binoculars to view both nature reserves (birds, etc.) at a distance, and airplanes?
How quickly do Oxygen Absorbers "spoil"?
What's the best way to self-arrest on a sandy slope?
Does a life-straw replace my water while hiking?
Is there a general rule for climbing runout grading?
Are the seagulls begging or contentedly sighing?
Old fracture starts to hurt
Is it safe to add boiling water to Mylar?
Precautions when walking through area of crocodiles
What kind of stones should not be used to grind food?
Why is it tiring to "keep down" with a slower person on a walk or hike?
Preparing rice and mashed potatoes with warm instead of cooking water
Why static rope rather than webbing for toprope anchors?
What is a splice in spools of tubular webbing?
Online instructional videos for crack climbing
How can I transfer my weight to a toprope anchor at the bolts?
Quickest / most efficient way to ascend a hanging rope with rock climbing gear?
Bouldering, improving and getting up grades
Is this sand dollar with barnacles attached to it at all rare?
Does any Household Object Function as a Passable Fire Steel?
Selecting magnification for binoculars for hunting at 100 yards?
Does a backpack negatively influence my archery shooting?
How should I regulate hydration on long hikes in hot temprature?
How late in the season can you hunt coyote?
Are crows more interested in identifying individual humans than vice versa, and if so, why?
How can I prevent my binoculars from steaming up?
Is it polite to ask other climbers to belay for you?
How to retrieve a bear bag when hung with Pacific Crest Trail (PCT) method
Tips for first-time hikers
Are cushioned socks necessary for hiking boots?
Buzzer / chironomid hook size for still water fly fishing
Oversized Merino undershirt?
What should I do about large trash left by others on USFS land?
Is Gaia GPS inaccurate for distances?
Feeling sick after doing the crawl
Where is the Benelli R1 made?
How do you avoid Norovirus on the AT?
Most common infectious diseases acquired in the wilderness?
What causes these shallow indentations in cheek of axe head?
What is the name of the water-boiling chemical bag?
Possible diet to avoid/delay defecation
Is a 1960's flask safe to use every day?
What do life jacket ratings mean (Type I, Type II, etc)?
Can a 'Flameless ration heater' be used to safely start a fire?
How dependable is a cheap compass?
Snowshoe hare migration patterns through changing seasons
Protection while working with acetone
Minimum arrow weight of a Bear Archery Grizzly bow
Synthetic breathable fabrics vs natural fabrics for 'live-in' hiking clothing?
How to treat a severe allergic reaction while hiking?
How can one tiller a bow without a tillering tree or similar wooden device?
Why not use a cotton base layer?
How do you build a warming fire in an old barrel?
Lapland UKK hike in late-May
How did/do scouts venture into the wild?
Whippet as trekking pole?
Hunting bears with a knife?
What is this belay/descender device called and how is it used?
Is there a rule of thumb, how many fps is added per missing grain of the arrow?
Will a compass work underground or underwater?
Good two-day tour for the "Trekkinghütten" in the saxon switzerland
On a coast to coast walk across Scotland, which areas would require the most self-sufficiency?
The bow's length and its influence
If I get a ticket for fishing without license, will buying a licence make my ticket go away?
Are climbing harnesses tested for upside down falls?
What sort of crane, and what sort of snake?
What is the best type of shoe to wear for crossing deep rivers?
Why do so many people hike with such light footwear?
Which knot to use to hold a rope in a loop, tight, around a large object?
Did I see a wolf's pawprint?
How can I tell a “trail shoe” from a regular sport shoe?
Do all American Summer Camps end with an award ceremony?
Is it possible to differentiate between a dog print and wolf print?
Legal liabilities of non-profit guiding in adventure sports
What are the advantages and disadvantages of a paracord knife handle?
What are important components of a camp kitchen?
What water is fit for cleaning hands & gear during a visit to the Great Outdoors?
How do locals (short of drilling) determine that lake ice is safe for skating, ice fishing, snowmobiling, skiing?
What is this miniature backpack called?
What's the best way to store/carry olive oil for hiking?
Starting a Fire with a Battery - what are the fundamental guidelines for safety and efficacy?
Is it offensive to "just hike" on a pilgrim's path?
Carrying soda instead of water due to nutritional energy?
Which size back pack if between sizes
Gunfire in US national parks
Is there a portable fluoride water filter?
Drawing a crossbow with or without drawing apparatus
What's the purpose of the sling on the heel of boots?
How many gallons of water can you boil with one isobutane cannister?
How to clean a potentially clogged coleman multifuel stove?
Good and easy way to create a paper tuning jig
Should orienting arrow and meridian lines be parallel on a compass?
What equipment is needed for glacier hiking?
Swimming while in the high seas
Can windowless tents be adjusted for adequate ventilation?
How do you know how much isobutane is in a full canister (i.e., how much if fuel wht and not cannister)?
Dispersed camping allowing gathered wood fires within 5 hours of San Francisco?
ultralight backpacking in snow and preparing for wet gear
Difference when using twin or half ropes
Maximum slope angle for boots?
What is "Dry Camping"?
How do the skills required for mounted archery (archery from horseback) differ from those required for other forms of archery?
Is it too soon to go family hiking with an infant? Packing tips?
What can I provide to help a robin build her nest?
Did I see an Osprey?
Bald eagle vs. vultures?
Paper bin waste suitable to stop an arrow?
What material are the shells I just purchased made of?
What sort of accuracy should I expect at 100 yards from slugs fired from a smoothbore shotgun?
What is the difference between a rifle and a shotgun?
Is the reappearance of large crow populations 15 years after the West Nile dieback a widespread occurence?
Any luck mixing gear sheds/porches/garages with different brands of tents?
What are the laws for backcountry ("dispersed") camping in the US?
Best saltwater fishing rigs
Is it safe to fire 38 caliber rounds in a 357 magnum pistol?
Do essential oils damage climbing ropes?
What should I look for in a head torch?
What does lumen and lux for flashlights/torches actually mean?
Why does a leader have to be tapered in fly fishing?
Can you pre-identify the risk of severe Altitude sickness?
How long will worms last in the refrigerator?
How to stow backpack and boots whilst in a hammock?
Are the canisters for isoButane (empty weight) heavier than other Butane mixes?
Travel trailer with pets during a tornado
How do you stabilize a sextant for use on a boat in rough water?
How do you patch/repair an inflatable dinghy while still underway?
Review of Hammock setup sketch
What's the difference between a fjord and a fjard?
What is a "spit anchor"?
When to sharpen crampons?
What makes some beaches better spots for beachcombers than others?
Are the birds that snatch bread out of the air "more citified" (tamer) than those who let it drop?
Best time to buy used (wind-)surfing equipment
Is it safe to feed swans in the United Kingdom?
How to join two pieces of rope in an adjustable tight loop?
Does freezing cut bait affect its attractiveness to fish?
How dangerous is it to climb a via ferrata alone?
What happens to the eggs after American robins are born?
What are the wall-cleaners in climbing called? What equipment/gear do they use?
Essential windsurfing moves
Explanation of aid climbing grades
Legal deep-woods campsites or forests that allow off-trail hiking and ad hoc camping in Maryland?
Relative popularity and merits of A-frame tents
Am I packing too much for a 2-3 day hike in the forests?
Climbing wall on private home
Where can I recycle or refill small 16 oz propane cannisters?
What are the non-obvious pros and cons of an "Instant Tent" vs. a tent with shock cord poles
Tent repair on Antarctic expedition
Swift, Swallow or House Martin?
Baby-friendly trek near Innsbruck
Are Dolphin sightings seasonal or serendipitous?
What materials are most durable for marine vessel interior resurfacing?
How to avoid tangling up the rope when throwing it before rappelling?
To locals without a tide chart, how surprising are tides?
Are there any possible telltale signs along a water's edge that it would be a good spot for gold panning?
Safety precautions for a spotter for his/her own safety
Which type of cooker to use above 6000m?
What attributes does a good reliable beginner kayak have?
Tiny crab/bug in Pacific NW; makes shell out of rocks/sticks. What is it?
White-water (slalom) kayak in calm waters (lake)?
What to look for when buying used windsurfing equipment?
Hints for hiking the west highland way
Rapelling an overhang
What is Fast Packing?
Quality of duck vs goose down
Marked trail off the Beartooth Highway to a peak
V-chamber vs trapezoid construction
Quick release knot for attaching kit
What built these mud structures (Ohio, USA)?
What to do in a herd of angry cows?
Optimal timing/routing for a year visiting US national parks?
Is there a breathing technique to conserve bottled oxygen?
How can I tell if a opossum is truly dead?
What is the Chincoteague Pony Swim on Assateague Island in Virginia and Maryland?
Fill material for shooting sack
Where do I document first ascents?
How dangerous are polar routes, if an aircraft must land on water or wild land?
Are these tracks in the mud tortoise/turtle tracks?
Is it possible to identify the sex of a caribou without a pair of binoculars or a spotting scope?
Will an opossum wake up from pain stimulus if playing dead?
How can I stop my scuba mask from pulling away from my face after equalizing?
Knot to tie a hook onto the middle of a line
What is a realistic weight for a week long hike?
When taking a Go Pro scuba diving, how would you mount it?
What are the markings on the Grouse Grind?
Identify what bit me by the mark it left (note: potentially graphic, but also beautiful, photos)
Where can I find an online elevation profile of the Cohos trail?
Top Rope Anchors - is a figure-8 on a bight stronger or just easier to untie than an overhand knot?
Is an emergency blanket effective as a ground sheet?
Does leaving a knot in a static cord damage the cord as it does with dynamic rope?
What do I need to consider when rock climbing at night?
What are these large black and white waterfowl with red around the eyes?
Is a hand chainsaw legal to carry in the UK
What to consider when shopping for prescription sunglasses?
What to do when a moose blocks the trail?
Bass identification
What might being certified as a polar bear guard involve?
How to find route for pedestrian
How to teach situational awareness for the outdoors?
Training to Circumambulate Around Mount Kailash
Knot to attach gear to a beam
What to do when a snake blocks a narrow trail?
Handling IT-Band Syndrome when hiking
How much kayaking experience is needed for a trip on the Alabama Scenic River Trail?
Carrying small game while hunting on foot?
How do hikers cross fast-flowing rivers without wading staffs?
What ropes could I use to suspend a hammock?
Where can I find good topographical maps of Peru?
Can I expect a mountain stream to have less water in the morning, even when it is not primarily fed by meltwater?
Is it feasible to plot my own trekking route from Lima to Cusco?
What to wear to walk to showers: clothes or towel?
Efficacy of snorkel mask defogging agent on safety glasses
What's a good place for a beginner to go backcountry camping in Oregon and California?
Tahoma Creek suspension bridge history
Do I need to worry about inadvertently signalling while using a space tarp?
How does weather affect an altimeter watch?
Canoeing in a thunderstorm
What features should I look for in a scope for a .308?
Any tips to prevent theft while tent camping alone in a caravan park?
What to be aware of if lightning strikes close to me?
How should one properly dispose of a rabid animal carcass?
Are fixed or mechanical blades better for moose hunting?
Is 8 miles of unpaved gravel road a lot for a old-ish consumer road car to take in normal weather?
Legal situation to bowhunt in Hungary for foreigners
How much rain (realistically) could a packaway rain jacket take?
Downsides of a bullet point for 3D archery
Insect repellent alternative for mosquitos and ticks?
How can I tell if a wild animal has rabies?
Is it possible to buy gas cartridges on a Sunday in Reykjavik?
Are there wild camping rules in Scotland?
New Suunto Ambit3 and don't know how to move log data from watch to moves count
Are there any areas in Southeast Asia where it would be safe to wild-camp with a tent in the mountains?
Recommendations for anchoring long rope swings
What are the pros and cons of ice axe leashes?
What is the minimum caliber of handgun that would stop a grizzly bear?
Where have all the sandpipers gone?
Drinking water in Dartmoor
Can deep wave action be partially predicted by lunar phases?
What is the best way to manage Scottish midges?
What should I do to avoid ticks other than wear particular clothing?
Am I able to "open up" a snake bite and suck the venom out of it?
Extending a two bolt anchor with one sling?
How far does a nursing Eastern Gray squirrel travel from her nest?
Method to test if wood is suitable to start a friction fire
Is it safe to climb everest base camp in the month of september?
How should I clean epoxy out of the insert that goes in an arrow shaft?
Slingshot resources
Did I save, or prolong the death throes, of the tuna crabs?
How to stash firewood without it getting wet?
How to second a "french free" / A0 move?
Is it an acceptable Leave no Trace practice to bury ruined food?
Is it a good idea to drink blood to avoid dehydration?
How to store tinder on a hike?
Is there a M1A1 carbine replica production?
Should I eat when I don't have anything to drink in a survival situations?
How can I tie my laces so they don't come undone?
Big black bug in Southern Germany
What to look for in a quality shooting glove?
Is dryer lint worth using as a fire starter even if it's also a pollutant?
Difficulty belaying with a Gri Gri
How do you make an emergency water filter and purifier?
What footwear did mountaineers wear in the 19th century?
Which authorities to consider in Germany when planning an archery course?
When to wear a chest protector?
When to know it's worth to start with agriculture?
What should an outdoors traveler know about the biodegradability of plastic?
How to deal with change in diet and schedule after returning from a long expedition?
What is the smallest island that will support one person indefinitely?
Can I guess the size of a shark by the size of its dorsal fin?
Mountain guide leading towards a thunderstorm - does his explanation make sense?
How can I protect my dog from mosquitos?
Tent or hammock safer from lightning?
I shoot horribly at archery tournaments - what can I do about it?
Games for kids in the great outdoors
What's meant by F.O.C.in archery?
How to get prepared for Fjällräven Classic hiking tour?
What kind of creme could Ueli Steck be possibly using and why?
How to determine the length of poles for a tent
How to scuba dive safely in waters that have Great White Sharks?
Where does uncommon litter come from?
How much time does qualifying for a fishing license in Germany take?
How to get drinking water if I am stuck below Matterhorn summit?
What can I do to discourage people from littering in the back country?
What makes a fisherman's hat so popular among outdoorsmen?
What is a so called "Weiderost" (cattle guards)?
How can I keep outdoor critters outdoors?
What are the best methods to clean out a fire pits and dispose of the ash?
Is linen a good or bad choice for underwear when (hitch)hiking in hot and/or tropical weather?
What to look for in (trail-)running shoes for various terrain?
What harm, if any, does epoxy paint do to rope?
Does a small antler really mean "bad genes"?
Does it harm deer when I walk on their trails?
Will a laser pointer work for pointing at whitewater?
Garmin Etrex 10
Where to sleep while bike-touring southern Ontario? [x-post from bicycling]
Remaining impacts from the very low snow pack of 2014-2015 in the Western Sierra and extra precautions we should take to minimize our impact
Putting electronics inside a surfboard?
To activate PLB if you know search and rescure are looking for you but there is no emergency?
Cold water regulators and warm waters
Does acid rain somehow directly harm human beings?
How do I test my water filter?
What are the reasons for prohibiting bow hunting in many countries?
"Don’t step on anything you can step over." - What does this mean?
Do jellyfish actively avoid swimmers in Mediterranean?
Is the fishermen's greeting "Petri Heil" accepted all around the world?
Roof rack system suitable for both bicycle and kayak?
How to walk on the hot beach or rather hot sand?
Snoring noises at night in the summer?
How does a carabiner handle make sense?
What are creative uses for retired arrows?
What are the downsides of baiting game while hunting?
Releasable knot to attach blocking device in slackline setup
Is dirty birdbath water worse than none at all?
When a knot unties because the tail is too short
What are these strange insect nodules on my front porch?
How to generate white smoke in the wilderness?
Durability of a Yate ATS targets
Is a compound and cross bow really not "qualitative" shooting?
How to throw a tomahawk
What specs for binoculars to spot climbing routes?
Which type of car rack will transport a tandem kayak on a car with no side rails?
What to look for in a quality archery target?
What might cause a massive blood stream from a lethally hit moose's mouth?
Where to get replacement parts for a Ugly Stik GX2
PICTURED - What causes this sort of clearing?
How to quarter an elk in the field
Are grey squirrels really bad for the overall habitat in Germany?
Broadhead tuning
How to properly light a Son Of Hibachi
Which characteristics to look for in charcoal for a Son Of Hibachi portable grill?
Are corpses on Mount Everest used as way-points?
GPS unit for road cycling and mountaineering
How to keep a llama from being eaten by a bear?
Identification of bugs on porch
Why are trees marked purple in the state of Texas?
I filled my Primus Powerlighter with the wrong kind of fuel. How to correct?
How do you smoke salmon in the wild without a smoker?
Plant identification methods
Homemade top quilt with variable stuffing
Will a Rocky Mountain Goat attack a person?
Why are tourniquets not recommended as a first aid for a snakebite?
How do you boil water without a proper container?
How fast can a snakebite kill?
What to look for on the site of a geocache?
How would one assess the safety of a wooden bridge?
Why use a Dakota fire pit?
What are good ways of predicting incoming weather from the downwind side of a mountain?
How to rappel with a dog?
Belaying directly off a ground anchor?
Fishing/ Kayaking/ hiking in Acadia Maine
Alternatives for sealing Mylar food packs?
How would you protect yourself from Rocky Mountain Goats?
How safe is a chest harness when used without a sit harness?
What's the policy and cost regarding picnic area in US regional parks?
What is a butterfly tag, and what's the procedure for applying it?
How to safely store a propane/butane/isobutane canister in a vehicle?
Can I repair my climbing helmet strap?
Is "scat" used to describe the droppings of any animal?
Butterfly Migration over Lassen Peak
How would a dragonfly get to above 13,400 ft (4000m)?
How should latex socks be fitted to a drysuit?
What kind of cockroach is this?
Is this a cockroach? If so, which one?
Safety in re-slinging old trad gear
How much insulation does a wet synthetic sleeping bag provide?
Can anyone help with identifying this tree?
Why are plastic vanes used instead of feathers?
What is the working range of TRUBLUE auto belay?
Approximately how long does the Telluride Via Ferrata route take?
How to keep small rocks and stones out of hiking boots?
Where can I buy bear banger launcher and ammunition and have them shipped to US?
How much wood can the average person expect to chop in a day?
What are the advantages of different locks for collapsible trekking poles?
What is the energy difference between green and seasoned fire wood?
How would I make a bear-proof pannier?
Would it hurt anything to leave a canister stove attached overnight?
Trekking Poles - Carbon Fiber vs. Aluminum
What should you do if your sleeping bag gets soaking wet at night?
How can I re-fit a hiking pole that came apart?
Nose-diving when catching a wave on a longboard
Is there a handgun or rifle target practice set-up for the home?
Is it possible to use a flint and steel with wet tinder?
How can I clear spiderwebs in my path while hiking?
Camping stove with plane allowed fuel
Machine Washable Sleeping Cot
What Suction Cups Were Used To Climb Trump Tower?
Alternative Gooseneck options for small home built sail boats
How can I tell which way is "down wind"
How can I take my dog kayaking?
When making camp in the mountains, which direction should I face my tent?
Technique for swimming with fins?
Is Off Trail Travel Between Lakes in the Humphreys Basin, CA Feasible
What are these round, spiny, puffy, green things from the ocean in Northeast United States?
What should I look for in my first pair of snowboard boots?
Using Gri Gri 2's Carabiner with Another Belay Device?
A method to retrieve a carabiner
Using Gri Gri 2 as a Self Belaying Device
Is it effective to use mosquito repellent under clothes?
Is it within Leave No Trace to spread someone's ashes in a wilderness area?
How much does an overhang add to the difficulty of a problem?
Why would fatigue cause fever?
How to get out through surf in fins?
How can I get comfortable sleeping on my side (backpacking)?
Do bees at the hummingbird feeders keep the birds away?
Hiking uphill, two choices of trails: how to deal with each one?
How much flotation does a canoe need?
How can one assess the fit of a shotgun?
Which climate causes the mosquito (Culicidae) to die?
Should I give up on my new hiking boots?
Is ankle support a myth?
Dishwasher Discolored Mess Kit
I can't get floating in my canoe again, now what?
Making a compass from magnet and needle -- which end is north?
Is it safe to tie a canoe to the top of your car like this?
Does urinating from the tree stand ruin your hunt?
How can I find north from the stars without recognizable constellations?
How to identify dead wood in winter
(Why) Should I hold the rope when belaying the second climber with Reverso?
Designing a sustainable and portable high-energy diet
Portable ladder for sailboat?
Can a cooler (warm weather) sleeping bag be used when combined with a warmer (cold weather) under quilt for hammock camping?
How do you cure rabbit fur for an arrow rest?
What qualities should I look for when purchasing aiders/etriers?
Does inside vs outside make a difference in a bowline on a bight?
What devices would help me track my outdoor activities and fitness?
Are all Alpine winterraums just for emergency?
How to discard of ashes when in a wilderness cabin?
When considering GPS battery life where are the best options?
Is using ultralight gear possible without sacrificing safety, comfort, or skills?
What would you call wool taken directly from a sheep (unprocessed)?
How do you get back in canoe, by yourself?
How much UV protection does different color linen provides?
What breed is this very large, black, turtle/tortoise found in the Northeast United States?
Why do some people stand inside the river fishing?
How to dry a BCD (Buoyancy Control Device)
How to prevent rubber on hiking boots from degrading?
Why do most tents have black floors?
Is there a fuel cell that would be clean and quiet enough for RV/Camper/Trailer use?
Does the male or female Emperor penguin incubate their egg, and for how long?
What are the pro and cons of vacuum sealed vs mylar bags for DIY dehydrated foods?
What do fishing regulations mean by "no bait?"
How do I calculate how many watts of energy I need when camping?
Appropriate terms for activities like camping, hiking, trekking, mountaineering, wilderness survival?
Does a diver's breath rate become slower when going deeper?
What knot tightens under pressure and is difficult to untie under tension?
How do you keep rodents out of your vehicle when it's parked at the trailhead?
What kind of foot pump would I need to build a DIY camping sink?
How could a lighter winter sleeping bag also be warmer?
Will a lighter trigger pull help me be more accurate?
Tree tapping in the UK - Time and legalities
How do you tap a tree for sap?
Processing the fruit of chequers/wild service tree
Is it practical to tap a tree for syrup on an overnight stop?
Does resoling change a climbing shoe's fit?
What are the pro and cons of two stage vs single stage triggers for hunting?
Disposing of live ammunition
How can you tell if roadkill is safe to eat?
How would you help a snapping turtle cross the road?
Gore-Tex: Does a wash-in DWR treatment affect breathability from the inside?
What is this wet/oily residue all over the rocks in my yard?
What does the three different volume specifications mean for the Gregory Whitney backpack?
Choosing a sleeping pad for camping
License Not Needed for Fishing in County of Residence
How to become a falconer at a young age?
What size needle should I use with 210d Dyneema X Gridstop when sewing my own pack?
How do you remove a bullet from a cartridge?
Does chambering a round multiple times degrade its accuracy?
Which color of these Swim Goggles would be easiest to spot in/ on warm coastal ocean water?
What's the purpose of the huge amount of stone piles on the trails in Gran Canaria
How to assess the likelihood of a tree falling in a forest?
Sources of Nubuk (Gore-Tex lined) Leather Conditioner
Why are climbing shoes usually a slightly tighter than the usual mountaineering shoes?
Drain plug replacement for DePersia Bailer on Sunfish Sailboat
Which kind of rope should I buy to make an ultralight hammock suspension system?
What type of rope to use for the mainsheet of sunfish?
When does a Rope become a Line?
How is underdeck rigging done?
How can I keep a water-proof barrel dry for use in a canoe?
How can I prevent a fiberglass crack in my sailboat from getting worse?
What happens when fiberglass gets wet?
How can I capture some really small no-seeums to find out what is plaguing me?
Headlamp and flies
Vaseline or Teflon grease near potable water?
What to look for in Marine Grade Expanding Foams
Acclimatization Question
Does feeding migratory birds in the fall affect the timing of migration?
Dozens of earthworms came on my terrace and died there
Worm catching with electricity?
Picking length for all-terrain touring XC skis
Applying enough heat (120 ° C) to shrinking tube without damaging the fletching
How can I build a board to mount climbing holds in my house?
Warming cold hands and feet
How to take care of an acrophobic person while hiking?
How can I purify non-drinkable water that may have had organisms in it?
First skills to learn for mountaineering
Where to camp for almost free on the surroundings of Los Angeles?
What is this gray bird that has black stripes on the side and around the head?
What is this fish that looks like a common roach with black eyes and red gills?
What precautions should we take in situations when hiking or walking through tall grass?
What's the difference between an oar and a paddle?
Do mountaineers use dynamic climbing when traversing rock/ice?
Avoiding microbial contamination of diesel fuel
In a boat repair, what would cause Gelcoat not to harden?
Is amine blush only a concern with new/ongoing epoxy repairs?
Do animals have varied taste in foods within their species?
How do you deal with a picky eater on a backpacking trip?
Mountaineering with a 6-year-old kid in winter
How much gelcoat should I remove before redoing the entire hull?
Difference between a "path" and a "footpath"?
Kayaking with a shotgun
Why would people descend to sleep while acclimatizing?
Correct way to wield a machete?
How far above a waterfall should you be to safely cross?
How do you safely ascend and descend the Half Dome cable route?
Sleeping outdoors without a tent in a high altitude Mt. Tapulao?
What are reasons to prefer waxed canvas vs. nylon bags?
What is the difference between a cascade and a waterfall?
Roving Crown vs. Charly Point - what's the difference?
At what age do black bear cubs have a good chance of surviving on their own?
Gear for climbing a building
Aversion to snakes: How would an outdoors leader go about "curing" this condition in one of her/his charges?
What are the feathers under the hackle in the rooster saddle?
How do you calculate the turnaround and start times when summitting mountains?
How do you predict weather with an altimeter while mountaineering and or backpacking?
How do you assess the weather when getting an alpine start?
What are the pros and cons of using a red colored light source for hiking at night?
How to DIY a tent footprint for the 'Big Agnes Copper Spur UL2' tent?
Do flashlights (torches) with multi-color capabilities have any applications for usage in the great outdoors at night?
What is a "pace" counter and how does it work?
Stove efficiency
Dangers of solo hiking (in Ontario)
What is pelt sealing and why is it required for certain species?
When should I carry both a wind jacket and hard shell?
What can I do about a rock climbing ban?
Correct and incorrect slip-slap-slide belay technique
Why are there separate seasons for archery and firearm hunting for deer?
Why would a Canada Goose sleep on a frozen pond?
Baking with backpacking stoves
How to learn route setting?
Why would archery season be either before or after rifle season?
Do shotgun shells containing mixed shot sizes have any applications in hunting?
How long does it take for trash to become a historical artifact (in the United States)?
Lead climb weight ratios
When rappelling, should a screwgate locking carabiner be orientated up or down?
Would a Canada Goose deliberately try to keep a section of water from freezing?
A technical question on spikes
What is the correct technique for self arrest, with an ice axe, on a snow or ice slope?
Is it bad to rely on trekking poles?
Long term autonomous winter expedition northern Quebec/Labrador: Advices/questions
How dangerous are kangaroos?
What does "hull weight" include?
Trailrunners for hiking
Are there human powered generators that draw power from body movement?
Are there artificial climbing holds that feel like granite?
How to keep contact lenses from freezing during backpacking in cold temps?
What do the UIAA markings on rock climbing gear mean?
What are anti-sweat technologies in winter jackets called?
What is the best breathing holes strategy for a quinzee?
Trustworthyness of a claim that a "not hung" doe can't be completely processed
Special equipment for Nitrox Dive?
Best knot (hitch) to backpack webbing
Is it unsafe to ride the chair lift with a backpack?
How much will the ceiling of a snow cave drop by during the night?
Carrying skis attached to backpack
Are there plants (for instance berries) which lead to dehydration if eaten?
How can I effectively clean the "bite valve" for my water bladder?
Screen cover for boat inspection port
How to get the best results when applying gelcoat with a brush?
Easiest way to preserve a fishing catch - with cooking or pickling
Could you use Silnet to seal a drinking water bladder?
Can I place a Dutch oven directly into/next to a camp fire?
How should I choose a submersible bird bath heater which is reliable and effective?
Do I need a hard shell to ski in sunny weather conditions?
Is there an easy way to tell if a bee in my yard is being raised in a hive (domestic), or if it's wild (feral)?
What are the correct techniques for rescuing someone who has fallen through the ice?
How to measure strike plate position?
How do I gut a fish?
What to do when finding huge pieces of trash?
What to look for in a good natural hiking stick?
How long can fresh water fish live on a stringer?
Tips for leading project climbs
When hiking, why is the right of way given to people going up?
Why does the 528 thickness lines only appear on weather maps in the future?
How can I perfect my backyard ice rink?
How to select a good sleeping bag liner?
Letterboxing vs Treasure hunts
Merino wool, brands and layers?
What are ways to reduce swinging momentum when climbing?
How to train climbing endurance at home?
Is whiskey a good disinfectant?
Why does hop always grow clockwise?
How and why is the red kite bird disturbed by wind turbines?
Are nuts and cams less safe if the rock is wet?
Is there a mobile app to easily send a SMS message with coordinates?
What features should I look for in a satellite emergency device?
How should you treat an open wound in the backcountry?
How do you remove a fishhook from a human?
Reacting to a bee attack
What are these numbers on the back of a pocket transit for?
What should one look for in a bivy sack?
What affects the acclimatization process?
What's the best way to clean and maintain a Burton Channel System snowboard?
What is this mountain seen from above the Banks Lake region of Washington State?
What mountain is used in the MacOS Sierra desktop background?
How do you correct Google Earth's incorrect slope percentage?
What are differences between higher and lower shoes other than ankle support?
What type of weather conditions would lead to being above the clouds while mountaineering?
Which types of animals would peel bark off this tree?
What animal could strip all the bark off the lower 7 feet of this tree?
Sneaker Sole Replacement
Are there fish in lakes with a lots of glacial flour?
Would it be warmer to sleep at the bottom or on the side of a valley?
What are some bare essentials camping spots for first-timers in England?
Where and when can I see the most seals in Cape Cod, Massachusetts?
What is a "top cap" on a climber's haul bag?
If you hear a mountain lion screaming, how close is it?
Adapting to the cold
How can I tell if there's a living snail in the shell, without picking it up?
What is the most efficient strategy to melt snow using a stove?
How much stronger is a vertical v-thread than a horizontal one?
How to pick a good camping airbed?
Identification of a jellyfish-like, shapeless sea-creature from India
Are there any techniques for starting and maintaining a fire in snow?
How many trees are there in California you can drive through?
Can sunlight be used to purify water?
Can I re-use a via ferrata carabiner/harness for climbing?
Why are carabiners so much weaker if the gate is open?
What is an ice circle, and how does it form?
What are the risks when encounter a wild animal when camping?
How to keep away animals from my camp without setting a fire?
Is there any reason that a wild boars would charge the tent?
Manual vs auto lock ski binding
Can I get crampons for small feet?
How best to arrange a rope that you intend to sleep on top of
Best food to attract Blue Tits
Choosing socks for frequent switching cold-warm
Is all ocular fluid potable?
Via ferrata equipment maintenance
Are there any techniques to cooking food when camping in the wild by harnessing the energy of the sun?
How to improvise a rescue 'throw bag' rope?
What situations/locations would be ideal for using a solar stove while backpacking?
Have mainstream knife steels improved in the last generation?
How can I tell the difference between an American Crow, and a Common Raven that lives in America?
Deodorising rain jacket without ruining waterproofing
Why would one aim off when navigating with a map and compass?
What are Filson hats?
How to clean soaked-in winter salt off boots?
How to safely use reverso with ferrata harness?
What do you call it when a sailboat starts to have trouble?
What kind of tree produces these seed pods looking like spiky balls?
Sleeping in a sleeping bag only compared to tent camping
How exactly do you cut down a tree with fire?
Is it worth getting snow shoe chains/spikes for only a one week trip to a snowy area?
How do you make a stone axe?
What are the advantages of horizontal front points on crampons?
Foxes in the living room - what causes this behavior?
What is a lumen nock used for?
Relation of ski edge sharpening to skiing ability and snow conditions
Do I need down-specific washing liquid for my coat?
Is roadkill processed in the EU?
What is a "Vintage Ski Sweater" and how is it different from a normal sweater?
What are these strange seeds that looks like a mini porcupine which you can find all over Germany?
Terms for different parts of a mountain
What is the difference between a Pass and a Col?
What factors should I consider to prepare high protein meals using a single camping stove and pan?
What materials can be used to make cordage in forests of the Adirondacks?
How do you remove leeches from your eyeball?
Will a live clam on the beach have a better chance of staying healthy if I put it in the water?
How to manage the risks of sleeping and cooking in a camper van?
Can Propane lose its stink?
What kind of tree produces these long multi-seed pods?
Relation of ski characteristics to skiing ability and snow conditions
How do I judge what fabrics used to make ear warmers mean, in terms of their function?
How to learn ski touring
Self rescue procedure when falling through ice, but the ice keeps breaking
What are the measurable prerequisites of strength and/or flexiblity for starting to climb in a climbing gym?
How to triangulate your position with a map and compass?
What should I look for in a used wet suit?
How to deal with dogs on public hiking trails?
Is it normal for a compass to develop an air bubble at high altitude?
Can a compass reverse polarity?
What guidelines should I use when choosing a sleeping bag liner?
Is it dangerous to rope together on an ascent of hard packed ice?
"Unsinkable" sit-on-top kayaks
Cross-country style baskets for Black Diamond collapsible poles
Techniques for handling pumped arms?
Can I participate in rail biking without my own equipment or experience?
What must be causing a decrease in sparrows and an increase in pigeons in my town?
Hiking map for Hokkaido and/or other resources
Can I use a quilt with a bivi bag?
How long should a down sleeping bag last?
Are there any Draisines-Railbike Companies that have wheelchair accessibility?
What could possibly go wrong in Sarek?
How does the effort required for a hike or run depend on the amount of elevation gain?
Where are some small, pleasant, natural walk-in campgrounds in France?
Is the Park Service continuing its case to re-rename Yosemite Park's historic landmarks?
What is a good length for first back country skis?
Is there a Leave No Trace equivalent specifically for boaters?
How can I use horsetail as a "indicator plant" to find gold while gold pannig?
How to cross rivers or streams at night or in darkness?
Why do I always wake up freezing?
Is it warmer to sleep with an empty bladder?
Under what circumstances would I wish to extend the handle length of a snow saw?
How can one know where to throw one's spear when spearfishing?
Can a compass be thrown off by its surroundings?
In the absence of lead, what can I use for a projectile in a flintlock rifle?
How to find natural sulfur sources?
If you are faced with surviving on your own for a prolonged period, should a sling make your short list of hunting tools, and why or why not?
How to process iron in the wilderness?
What safety equipment should I carry for sea-touring by kayak?
When should I boil water before distilling it?
Is sunscreen toxic to marine life, especially coral reefs?
If in a survival situation, how can one preserve a hide of an animal with a minimum amount of tools and skill?
Compass compatibility: Can I use my US compass in Australia?
How effective is sulfur for delousing my camp?
What date does a moon phase guide represent?
Are there types of compass other than the regular magnetic one and the gyrocompass?
Under what wilderness conditions is becoming infested with lice a possibility and what precautions should one take to avoid it?
Should I use one or two trekking poles?
How to empty bowels before a hike
What are some usable sources of iron for producing iron tools in the wilderness?
What's a good time to see autumn colors in the Maritime and Cottian Alps?
Correct breathing while bouldering
What are the use cases for ski crampons over boot crampons?
When ski mountaineering should I bring a whippet or ice axe?
Is it worth getting a divemaster certification if I don't plan to work as a professional dive master?
How do you pace yourself while doing strenuous hikes above 3,000 meters (10,000 feet)?
Multi-day hiking trip [California, early April]
When back country camping, how do you avoid being attacked by a mountain lion in your sleep?
How can people survive really cold nights outside with minimal equipment?
Why does the intensity of sunlight at sunset/sunrise depend on your latitude?
Why do my socks roll down towards the toes of my shoes while mountaineeering?
Identification of a tropical fish with saw-like dorsal fin?
Is there any statistical evidence that hunting reduces the likelihood of mountain lion attacks?
How to safely heat a enclosed tent with electricity
How to lock a kayak
How to repurpose an old self inflating sleeping pad?
What are these loops on my backpack for?
How can I acquire practical outdoor skills?
What are some blind-friendly wildlife trails in or including Massachusetts?
Good Hiking Route Planner
How to protect a body in the wilderness?
What are good locations to find wild strawberries?
How to clean picked berries?
How to temporarily mark a trail?
How to stalk lynxes in the black forest?
What type of trailer do I need for my Granada 24 sailboat?
How do you create a sense of community on a backpacking trip?
Are there any situations while backpacking that would require a watch?
Are Oxygen shortages possible in closed bivouacs?
Do raw eggs need to be rotated for freshness on a long voyage?
What are good practices for resolving disagreements on a backpacking trip?
Are the Goldtip and Easton spine declarations AMO/AMA or ASTM?
Why does this blue tit bird desperately want to come inside?
What role does information about atmospheric pressure play from an outdoor perspective?
Alcohol-fuel for burner at the Glasgow Airport
Could this year's unusual warmth harm turtles?
I have a compass but no watch, how can I tell when it will get dark?
How to identify latitude & longitude with a compass?
What is the minimum knowledge to navigate with only a compass?
Salomon Cross-Country Ski Pole Straps Too Short
What should go in an inflatable sleeping pad repair kit?
Where exactly is this rocky shoreline in the Downeast region of Maine, USA?
Are elephants used in tourism in Thailand cracked and if yes why is it possible to take the infants away?
What are the pros and cons of air pads vs foam pads for backpacking?
Dealing with anxiety and confidence issues
Resources for finding organised treks based on specific criteria
Can you find your location using the angle between compass bearings?
Telescopic trekking poles: clamp vs. screw system
What are the pros and cons of both a DIN and a yoke valve for a scuba-diving regulator?
"Due to the sheep in the settlement the surrounding area has no mosquitoes"
Does the altitude you live at influence the time required for acclimatization?
Do American mourning doves only make their plaintive cooing sound where people can't see them?
How do I choose the right tent?
Why are these turkeys circling a dead cat?
Ski setup for skijoring
What is the HIN number on a boat?
At what wind speeds do ski operators close chair lifts, for safety?
What are the pros and cons of greased feet in boots?
Has Joe Simpson ever explained why he did not cut the rope himself?
Are there any tips for preventing a vehicle from being broken into while parked at a trailhead?
Lake Tahoe kayaking conditions
Climbing at the Skytop area of the Gunks
Are there any general rules of thumb for route finding up a mountain without any trails?
Without rain/snow/wind would it be significantly warmer to sleep under a tarp?
Hiking with kids - what are the right distances?
What kind of portable light is going to be effective at illuminating my path?
I've just been bitten by a rattlesnake; how, exactly, do I "keep calm"?
Why do horses need to wear shoes?
How should I plan a backpacking trip with people who have never backpacked before?
How effective or ineffective are tactical flashlights on bears?
Is this yucky thing scat or slime mold?
How can I identify Woolly Adelgid on a Hemlock tree?
How do you set up a z-pulley?
What are opposite and opposed carabiners?
How do slow sand filters work and are there any alternatives?
Do squirrels' teeth grow again when lost?
How effective is survival trapping?
SPF Equivalence
Any rational reason to pick a spear to hunt?
Collecting plant foodstuff in the Canadian wilderness of Alberta during winter?
Why doesn't it snow much at -30 °C?
How dangerous are wild horses?
What and where is the builder's plate on a boat?
Wooden (or natural) obstacles in "the wild" looking like horse-jump obstacles
Using Lanolin for Merino Clothes
How do you get bear spray off skin and or gear?
What is this animal with orange webbed feet, a white head with black stripes, and really likes breadcrumbs?
Scat Identification on Upper Yosemite Falls Trail
How to begin trail / fell running?
Is this bar-headed goose's behavior an indication of a problem?
Does a BCY 425x string harm my tradtional recurve bow?
Sign in/Sign out sheets for dangerous passages while hiking!
On average, how often do people thru hiking the Pacific Crest Trail resupply?
Down sleeping bag stored in sack for years
What is the history of the Duckbill rock formation in Oregon?
Leather Work Gloves or Aramid Fiber Gloves for Bonfires?
Difference between Mittens and Gloves
Are there standard whistle signals for communicating with separated party members?
What should go in the hiking/backpacking plan that you leave with someone else?
Are there sound-based alternatives to whistle signals for group communication?
What exactly is a rocker?
Bird migration across Atlantic?
Do zebra mothers seek revenge?
Aftermarket access panel to clean inside fresh water RV tank?
What is the smallest owl in the world, and where can I see one?
How can I backpack further without resupplying?
Do military style obstacle course trails exist in a genuinely forested setting and open to the general public?
What are the dangers of walking barefoot in towns/cities?
What is the top-down (reverse) shoe lacing good for?
Reasonable precautions against copperheads: will being noisy in copperhead habitat cause them to slither away?
What are some things to do with teenagers in Quepos, Costa Rica?
How to determine the needed volume size when purchasing a backpack?
What should one do when climbing if someone above you yells ROCK?
Are there any advantages while backpacking to hike during the night and sleep during the day?
How should helmets be placed on the ground?
Is Permethrin safe for cats after it dries?
How to follow the movements of a player while remaining unnoticed?
Is rustic camping available along any of Michigan's cyling trails?
Do regular lighters not work at high altitude?
Backing up a abseil anchor with a human
How would navigation be different while hiking at night?
What is dead reckoning when navigating with a map and compass?
What is the sport of Horse Boarding?
How does ski binding height affect skiing off-piste?
How do choices in design of a paddle-craft influence its handling characteristics?
Should one attempt to rescue a stranger from a crevasse or wait for mountain rescue?
When is it a bad idea to follow a game trail?
Why did people rub snow on frozen feet?
What combination of tools is ideal for 40-60 degree snow and ice slopes? (Piolet(s), Whippets, ice tools)
Why does suspension trauma happen?
Unofficial camping in Kettle Moraine State Forest
How to prevent an autoblock knot from twisting?
What is the warning call for falling rocks in your area?
Details on closure of Rte 120 into Yosemite? (Not normal snow closure.)
Have the climbing signals "take" and "safe" every been confused to the point of an accident?
How often should I change the lines and sail attachment rings?
Differences between shock absorber and via ferrata set
Would waterproofing Styrofoam in a boat make water retention better or worse?
Which option should you use for a multi-pitch climbing anchor after traverse?
Why are common grackles standing on our bird feeders with their heads pointed straight up?
Good resources for climbing
Getting into canoeing - UK
What is this really tall grass-like plant?
How strong are the individual internal strands in 550 parachute cord?
Who should I contact if I want to have a campfire?
Would there be any practical uses of a geological map for a hiker/backpacker?
Can I fall out of my sit harness?
Should I add holes to my fire pit/bowl?
How fast does suspension trauma happen?
Eating ants/termites on outdoor expeditions
How to pull someone up in a rescue situation?
Camp fire starting for the novice?
Is there some sort of portable slow CO2 emitter that can be used in conjunction with a bug zapper?
What is this floating raft-like object in the waters of a reservoir in Massachusetts?
Confusion in selecting a tent, too many variables
If I have extra space in a backpack, am I better packing it short and fat or tall and thin?
Power Snare Is a 14.5 LB weight enough to kill a racoon?
Should one store a tent loose for prolonged periods between uses to maximize its lifetime?
Is a .22 air-rifle powerful enough for a clean kill of a rabbit?
Fisherman rescue, what gear is required?
Fly fishing leaders braided
What is the minimum amount of gear that would allow one to ascend a climbing rope?
Where are some places for people who can't stand up to learn water skiing?
Why use a blue porch light?
How rapidly (or slowly) is work progressing on "consumer" exoskeletons for baby boomers to extend their hiking and backpacking years?
Camper van conversion sleeping width wise
What are "burnable gasses"?
What should you do if your crampons start balling up?
Modern equivalent of a flare gun?
How to stay dry in the nether regions?
What is the risk of starting a forest or wildland fire with a flare gun?
What are the risks of stream crossing with bare feet?
Is there a safer way to use a flare in a wooded area?
Waterproofing a sleeping bag
Is it ok for my climbing shoes/chalk bag to get wet?
How do you aim a signal mirror?
What is this dense foam on a lake?
How much colder is hammock vs. sleeping in a tent?
What are the differences between black sheep merino wool and other merino wool?
What are the differences between alpaca wool and merino wool?
Strange river level changes (similar to tides) near the "Lech Fall"
Is there another less crowded route up to Schloss Neuschwanstein?
What is this knot that is used on ice axe leashes?
Do some parts of the world really have 12 hours of daylight each day of the entire year?
The thread of my point broke while being screwed-in. How to get the insert out of the shaft?
How can I make sure there are no more ticks around?
How to make my own liquid camp soap?
How do I get to Måskåsj-gammen?
Interested in trekking to Annapurna Base Camp
Does shaving help prevent tick bites?
When to see autumn colours in and around Kerlingarfjöll, Iceland?
What type of jacket can I wear to prevent my back from getting sweaty while also wearing a backpack?
What is this plant in England with large veined leaves and multi-part buds?
Strange nocturnal animal sounds in Massachusetts
Are there any mountaineering/hiking activities in or near Albufeira, Portugal?
Difference between tippet and plain old mono or fluorocarbon?
Do backyard birds prefer birdbaths with moving water?
Definition of tributaries above/below a landmark
How/why do moths appear to not move for days?
What part of the world has the largest variety of corals?
What are the nighttime temperatures in Baxter State Park in June?
How can I desalinate ocean water enough for cleaning or showering?
Device with very accurate GPS location
Should one remove their boots in an emergency bivvy situation?
How to clean and refurbish a Victorinox Swiss Army Knife?
What is this tent piece called?
Would Gorilla Glue Work on Goretex?
Accessibility of hiking trails in Nepal during December
How do I distinguish a dirt floor in a cave from a floor formed of very old coprolites?
What precautions should I take when cooking smelly food in an area with bears?
Are cheap Packable Backpacks reliable enough for a long day strenuous hike?
What is this squirrel doing and why?
Can overexertion cause AMS (Acute Mountain Sickness)?
What could be the cause of condensation on the tent floor?
How comfortable are pump sacks for air matresses?
Is there a place near Miami, Florida where I can get close to wild animals without leaving my car?
Dry Douglas Fir wood only creates smoke and no fire?
Can you safely use retired ropes for belaying children?
Are all Ants and Termites edible?
Which knot is best for connecting loose ends and attaching carabiner?
How should I prepare my body for prolonged exposure to heat?
Do squirrels have front and full peripheral vision?
What is the intention behind webbing the rope through snow?
No testing for temperature-dependent effects on climbing ropes?
Double Mariner Mechanical Advantage
Is it possible to drive through the Simpson Desert in an AWD?
Is it possible to walk from the UK/France to Georgia?
Can hiking boots with Gore-tex lining be stretched?
How long is Gore-Tex lining in boots effective?
Can you clean new bolt holes with water?
Can I safely camp in deer tick country, and if so, how?
How can you tie a clove hitch one handed?
How do you tie in to the centre of a rope?
Dangers of swimming with algae (potentially Eurasian Watermilfoil)
How unsafe is this belay technique really?
Have these ski bindings been mounted properly?
What most common factors cause significant fluctuations in numbers of ticks that carry Lyme Disease?
What equipment do I need for a 5 days kayak journey in the Mediterranean Sea?
What is this black and white bird with thin brown legs and a multi-colored beak, found in Massachusetts USA in January?
Which procedure should I do before using a water filter after being unused for two years?
What are the trade offs between kayak and canoe for solo multiday trips?
Rigs for carrying axes and machetes
Can I use a rescue harness for recreational climbing?
What are these fungi that I've found growing on a dead birch?
Swimming in a river in England or Wales with a right of navigation
Undoing an over tight Clove Hitch?
Is a clove hitch to be distrusted in climbing?
Is this fungus on a birch tree Chaga?
What are the most likely causes of unfilterable water contamination in upland UK areas?
How to tie an EBSB bowline?
What would be a good knot to tie a clothesline to a tree?
Getting started fishing
Is it OK to keep a dyneema sling under constant tension (slackline)?
Where can I take a dip?
How does water depth affect swimming safety? Why do signs, especially in the UK, say "DANGER: deep water"?
How to minimize limitation/pain from blisters caused before a camping trip?
What's the fastest way for a single person to setup a tarp umbrella/leantoo in the rain in a nothern temperate forest?
Selling older gear - is it likely to be safe?
Lead shot vs Lead block weights
What is the lowest altitude where the effect of lack of acclimatization can be observed?
Is hiking alone always faster?
Why do different kinds of bug bites itch in different ways?
What is the col between Mt Meru and Kilimanjaro?
GPS Altitude Anomalies
How to safely rescue someone drowning as an untrained bystander?
Does anybody know or know where to find the requirements for Russian ice axe tests?
Should one purchase a smaller water shoe size?
Are longer kayaks faster than shorter ones?
How to deal with diarrhea when using a cathole in the wilderness?
Kayakers throwing their paddles when running waterfalls
Are square or rectangular tarp shapes more versatile?
Can I camp in the protected areas Þjórsárver and Guðlaugstungur og Álfgeirstungur?
Does fordable by 4WD imply fordable on foot?
Are Icelandic deserts so dry I need to worry about drinking water?
What are the best places to go for a hike near Mexico City?
How can I protect a room from bugs without using mosquito-nets or visible barriers?
Obtaining drinking water from a glacier or icefield, in the absence of snow or reachable meltwater
How to confirm/remove ticks in tough spots when alone?
Double half hitch, versus two half hitches?
Can I camp on campsites as a 16 year old in Italy?
How to minimize impact on terrain at camp?
Why would one choose to use a Harvey map rather than an Ordnance Survey map?
Open-sided tarp in rain
How to take a bearing when the geographic coordinate grid is not aligned with true north on a map?
Where can we see genetically pure American Bison, including Yellowstone National Park?
What is this brown dust/powder inside my old pack?
What is the purpose of a valve on a dry bag?
How do I strengthen my ankles for long, steepish, snow and glacier routes?
How to cool a tent?
What are the consequences of the Lake Districts WHS status for attempts at rewilding/reforestation?
Is this a dragonfly or a damselfly?
How far from a road do I need to be to not hear the traffic?
Is there an organization for adults to learn outdoor skills with their kids?
Wildlife canoe trails in or near Western Pennsylvania
What is the use of this cord on my backpack?
Stink bug repellent
Footwear for one month in wet climate
What model of Hanwag boots are those?
What is the difference between hiking boots and “hunting boots”?
Why should lights be turned off on beaches where turtles breed?
Can I waterproof a tent just before it rains?
What is this 40 cm long greenish and golden shining fish with brown fins?
What type of fishing lure is this?
What are these mushrooms found in Fukuoka, Japan?
What's wrong with swimming out far?
What is the ecological justification (if any) for bird feeders?
How do I know when to retire a climbing harness?
In canyoning, [why] do people skip a backup prusik?
Offset in compass
Stopper with Toggle for Blake's Hitch
What's the ecological impact of bird-baths?
Where in nature can we find examples of natural "hoods" - either for reducing UV / sun exposure or for providing shelter from rain?
What will this bright green caterpillar with small turquoise spots turn into?
How to correctly skin out an Antelope's ear
Can I expect to visit Camp 1 and beyond on an Everest base camp expedition?
Which dangerous wild animals are most likely to be encountered in Western Ghats, India
Vibram FiveFingers or Non-Hiking Boots as a Beginner in Hiking?
Do birds get ticks?
Can I attach a small spinning reel to a baitcasting rod?
What is this brown bird with a white area over its eye, found on the top of a pine tree in Ohio?
What's the easiest way of improving my strength without a large investment of time?
Why should the heavier person sit in the back of a tandem kayak?
Why don't climbers use electrically heated suits?
What to video during a solar eclipse?
What are the easiest trekking routes in Sarek National Park in Sweden?
Where should a person who can't hold a paddle sit in a tandem kayak?
What type of rope should I use to make a 1.5" Gym Climbing rope?
Is an IBEP/EBF course also possible with a recurve bow?
Life Jacket for a person without arms?
Handheld Compass Triangulation Typical Error Range
Cell Phone Tower Location app
What to do if you have been stung multiple times by yellow-jackets hours or days from the trailhead?
How to avoid dangerous encounters with hippopotamuses?
How can someone fall 3m to the ground while top-roping & how to prevent it?
How can I tell how much, if any, rain is in an approaching cloud?
Do cars really hit 20 moose per day in Sweden?
How high is too high for a spotter while spotting a climber?
Why can I hear such long distances in the mountains?
Which type of rope is to be used to practice knots?
How can I take keys with me while swimming?
What do you do when you're rappelling a halfed rope and you run out of rope on one side?
Riding a bicycle on the beach?
Should I be scared if a black bear is outside of my tent at night?
How rare is resistance to poison ivy, and does resistance increase?
Does putting an item in a microwave oven kill ticks (and other bugs)?
Big wall strategies for a three-member team
Warning shot in bear encounter?
What's the difference between a National Park and a National Monument in the United States?
What UK mushrooms will kill you?
What's the best way to use bucktail jigs to catch Butterfly Peacock bass?
Is ice-skating on lakes or ponds a sport in Iran (or Central Asia)?
What is this tree with shiny leaves and a fuzzy seed pod?
What is the difference between a sac liner and a dry bag?
What causes a tree to split into multiple trunks?
How are the routes of hiking trails determined?
How long does it generally take to stop feeling climber's elbow?
What is this tree with a spiral shaped trunk in Massachusetts?
How does a tree with such an extreme curvature form?
What are the best possible ways of indicating a 'closed' trail?
How can I care for a wound that will be immersed in water?
Is it a pheasant? A grouse? What do I feed it?
Geocaching: How important is having a dedicated GPS device instead of a smartphone?
How is a backpack supposed to fit on the shoulder?
How can I be sure that I'm ready to do the Three Peaks Challenge?
Can I use sunlight to purify water without a special container?
What are these clusters of tiny dark blue berries found in the Southern Canadian Rockies?
What is this plant with fluffy white flowers in the Canadian Rockies?
Is it safe to fire .38 cartridges in a 38.40
Can you boil/decontaminate water with heat from a magnifying glass?
How to improve the grip on my boots?
Safest route to cross Þjórsárkvíslar from the north
Is it likely that decimation of its suburban forest habitat would cause a black bear to wander into a busy city if it wouldn't otherwise go there?
How to manage the sail of a sunfish when paddling?
What were the original trail signs on the Toiyabe Crest Trail?
What happens to the bear after being pepper sprayed?
What are the arguments for and against allowing bicycles in wilderness areas in the US?
How much of a temperature difference does a reflective sleeping pad make?
What species of dinosaur made these 3 toed 6 inch long tracks?
What are these rusted metal objects found on a beach?
Can forest fires cause a drought?
What insect makes this hissing type sound, especially in the summer?
How often are missing people found?
Is it legal to sail a personal-size boat in the ocean in Massachusetts during a thunderstorm?
Are there any statistics on how many PLB (Personal Locator Beacon) activations are real as opposed to frivolous?
Book about wolves raised by a man, his wife and a German Shepherd: familiar to anyone? Is basic premise plausible?
What is an alpine start?
Are there reasons for not putting the mileage on trail signs or is it just a matter of style?
Lowering other members of a party on belay after rappelling
How to stop in the middle of a rappel without an autoblock?
The dangers of simul-rappelling
How much less efficient is a solar charger when on a car's dashboard instead of in direct sunlight?
Can you float-treat a rope?
Is it harder to exhale while swimming in open water?
Tips for avoiding losing things when backpacking?
Where do white tigers live?
Want to climb highest mountains of most European country's, how and where to start?
Which knot to tie bulky objects together for transport
Assessing potential lead climbing partners for competence and safety
What kind of animal may have done this?
How to tell if piñon trees have good cones
Is belaying a lead more difficult than a top roped climber
What are these small blue berries growing in clusters on a medium size bush in Southern Ontario, Canada?
Why do Old Town canoes have dramatically higher capacity than Osagian canoes?
Why aren't aluminum canoes more popular/prevalent?
Hiking and climbing in smoky areas
Is it safe to take a shower outside during a thunderstorm?
Would a gunshot echo in a cave?
Can I avoid dew by sleeping at higher elevations?
How warm does it need to be for bats to come out of their caves?
Water turning slightly reddish brown
Unconventional ways to light a fire
Why does the Iditarod sled dog race use separate routes in alternating years?
Is a full waterproof coat more important than waterproof trousers for hiking?
Does cotton make you colder or hotter?
Will ibexes react aggressively or flee if approached on a mountain?
What is the Origin of the Word "Sendtember" in Rock Climbing?
Down inside of a sleeping pad does it make a difference?
How to tell the difference between elk and hunters using elk calls?
How long after a forest fire can you safely re-enter a forest?
Does "Sport Climbing" refer to bolted climbing outdoors only or both indoors and outdoors
How to get rid of sand from your shoes?
Locations to sight in a rifle around Boise, Idaho
How best to condition oneself to do day hikes at an altitude peaking at 6,000 to 8,000 ft?
With what specific techniques are various bouldering grades associated?
Are there any studies showing that being in good aerobic shape will lessen the risk of altitude sickness?
Sailing from the Wash, UK to France during World War II.
How does a European Robin differ from an American Robin?
When, how and by whom was sport climbing invented?
How to get mould out of rucksack?
What is a lava tube, as a place to see bats? Are there any in the United States?
I need to wash my waterproof coat without ruining the waterproofing
Searching and reading back issues of Climbing and Rock and Ice
How can I attach a patch to a nylon backpack?
Can anyone identify this JanSport external frame backpack?
How do forest fires affect rock climbing?
When calling in elk during bow season, where should the caller be in relation to the hunter?
Why is the European robin associated with winter?
Restore knife to factory sharp condition
How to compactify the long straps on a tent or tarp when not in use?
How to estimate the time between direct sunlight and sunrise?
Do mountain lions play with their food?
How to decore a retired climbing rope?
How many animals have been found burned to death in the Kenow fire area?
Approximating the time remaining before sun is set and it starts getting dark
How to tie a one-piece webbing harness for dogs?
Rock climbing grading theory
What the name of the knot that is used for tying something to a pole?
What exactly do the 2 knobs on my Zeiss 10 × 25B binoculars do?
Can I use solar showers when camping at Department of Conservation or other campsites in New Zealand?
Hiking in France in August - Grenoble
What is a good R value for a four-season sleeping pad?
How can I prevent this canvas swag from sagging in the middle?
How do I clean my knife sharpener?
Why did they try so hard to bring the turkey to Europe?
What's the best or easiest way to attach a loop tag onto canvas?
Eye safety when starting a fire with a magnifying glass
How do people camp on ice?
Is this rock I found on the Toiyabe Crest Trail an arrowhead?
Is there a smartwatch/activity tracker lasting 20 days for a trek to Everest Base Camp?
What is a dish or dish-like hand hold in rock climbing?
What exactly constitutes a "road" in Iceland?
What is a tent skirt and what is its purpose?
What kind of baby carrier is best for use walking and climbing in the hills?
How to get a beached pontoon boat back into the water?
Can horses ford deeper/faster rivers than humans?
Can a click-up belay tool cause rope wear?
Why is there a cock vane/feather?
Are there any kid sized alpine touring ski boots and bindings?
What's a good overnight hiking loop in New England, within a 3 hour range of Boston?
How long until I develop immunity to stomach flu / travelers' disease?
What would be the disadvantage of racking trad gear around the shoulders rather than the harness, if any?
How can I keep insulin at the correct temperature in sub zero temperatures?
What are these concrete posts near the Gallow Hill water tower in Dundee, Scotland?
Why is (almost) no one climbing hard routes on Half Dome?
Quick and easy winter shelter for kids to build
What first aid can be done for Crab Bite?
How to clean and cook Asian Carp
Can you get permanent brain damage by spending a day at 10,000ft (~3000m) altitude?
What to do if someone gets impaled in the stomach?
Should overweight people ever climb?
What are those white spots on the sea
What is a nose-hooked carabiner and why is it dangerous?
Possible snowy owl seen in the trees
How can I safely climb a glacial route with just a kid or one other person?
How to describe a trail well for others in a systematic way?
What do classifications of belays (like "4th class belay") mean?
Climbing harness: clip two carabiners to avoid cross-loading
How to "store" excess rope in a running belay?
Why do some birds fly in a V-formation?
Camping on top of a mountain
Why is it legal to hunt over planted food but not placed food?
Mother is attempting full Appalachian Trail next year - how can I help her now and while she is doing it?
Should I activate my beacon if the road to safety is blocked?
What features should I look for in a mini knife?
In what situations is it irresponsible not to carry a PLB or satellite messenger device?
What features should I look for in gear to support front wheels of wheelchairs for travel on snowy paths?
Can I eat raw acorns?
Can I safely eat grass?
What is the responsible way to sell a firearm?
How to painlessly remove gunk left by tape gloves?
What are the different techniques to jam in a crack?
Why does poo smell more after someone is back from a trek/hike?
How to get up for an alpine start without an alarm?
Are there any non-legal advantages of a non-locking knife?
Why are large/pear shaped locking carabiners called HMS carabiners?
What are the benefits of learning to climb outdoors rather than indoors?
Sports tape to prevent blisters while backpacking?
What accounts for the predominance of Kendall Mint Cake over York Peppermint Pattie in mountaineering expeditions?
Can a dog thru-hike 2500 miles in 6 months?
Is there any evidence that attaching a biner to both seat and leg loops results in a 3-way load?
camping equipment testing if no yard
Is the gas canister standard common in France incompatible with EAN417?
Dos and Don'ts in an area signed with the shield "Rabies! Endangered District" in Germany
What is the meaning and proper usage of the term "irruption" in bird behavior?
Is Germany or any of Europe really rabies free?
Minimum draw weight for a target practice only crossbow?
Does firewood have to be stored inside or is storing it in a lean-to sufficient?
Can a rope&bucket used to gather water from a well be kept outside, tied to this well, or does it have to be kept inside?
What is the lightest arrow practical for target practice?
In orienteering/navigation, what is a handrail feature?
What is a catch feature in orienteering?
What causes the current in the interior lagoons of Presque Isle State Park PA?
Trick from a Novel to find cardinal point
What do surf report terms like "fading WNW swell" mean?
A winter month in New England - what to do, looking for thru-hikes or other suggestions
Could a tick make several test bites in a circle?
Has a person ever got rabies from a marine mammal?
How to correctly identify a bird that looks like a Cooper's Hawk or a Peregrine Falcon?
Use normal urban jacket for skiing/snowboard
Hiking with boots untied?
US Military's standards for how long a soldier can go without food?
Is it possible to partially change color of down jacket?
Is it really a good workout to go to work by bike every day?
For outdoor recreation, what are the practical implications of the downsizing of Bears Ears National Monument?
Can I visit Betatakin in mid-May?
How should I walk or hike barefoot?
What is the most reliable way to start a friction fire?
Are there any natural materials that can work for a "fire roll" friction fire?
How to carry a German Shepherd up and down ladders on the trail?
How can I disassemble a multi-tool with no screws on it?
Can I use the blade of a multi tool as a spear point?
If I put a smoker in a shed, does my exhaust have to be at the top of my shed? (Does exhaust height matter)?
What should I look for in throwing knives?
Best material to protect wooden skegs
How can I make an obsidian knife?
Hunting for aurora near Tromso - few questions
As an outdoor beginner, what features in knife/tool combinations should I look for?
Is acute mountain sickness repeatable?
Grigri+ vs grigri 2
How to identify good winter boots for walking on ice?
Boot toe wiggles in frame touring binding - is this ok?
What would make my backpack uncomfortable?
Can you really get Frostbite within 30 minutes at -35 'C
Adding extra hydration to a CamelBak backpack
Carrying a bridge camera while hiking with a backpack
Combining a Frontpack with a Backpack while hiking
Most comfortable way to adjust boots while in tour mode on AT skis?
Are "Dynafit"/tech ski boots compatible with frame-style touring bindings?
Using Camphor (Icy Hot) in the winter for warmth
What are the considerations for using chemical heat pads in sleeping bags?
Dead Canada goose stuck frozen to top of lake
How do you safely and legally dispose of old, damaged/unsafe camp stove gas canisters that are still full?
GPS data management software
How are minimum legal calibers for hunting decided?
How to properly wash a snowboard/ski tech jacket?
Tackle needed for basic fishing in Miami?
How to progress in rock climbing after grades v4 / 5.11+?
Is the correct term Canada Goose or Canadian Goose?
Do climbing shoes wear out from age alone?
In rock climbing what does the term "Flash" mean?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of octagonal barrels?
Primaloft vs Advanced Skin Warm
Inside waterproof coating of backpack has become sticky
Is there an interactive map of skiing resorts with snow forecasts?
When is a good time to go hunting for deer antler sheds?
What kind of technique is required for bouldering outdoors?
Where in Europe is it legal to hunt small game without a licence?
What types of food make for good emergency rations that I can store in a car?
What's the hardest wearing multibraid rope type?
Are there particular grades that indoor climbers often struggle with
What kind of ropes are used for very long sport routes (like Chilam Balam)?
How to make peanut butter less sticky?
What is a top strap on a revolver?
Shooting into tree
From the perspective of someone engaging in an outdoor sport, is there any fur that confers an advantage over all synthetic materials?
How to defend against swooping Torresian Crow
Are my climbing shoes worth repairing?
What is the life expectancy of an avalanche airbag backpack?
Under what conditions can a guide be highly confident of protecting clients against brown bears without using firearms?
Understanding a ski resort weather report
Are there ways to make the skin on my fingers last longer while climbing/bouldering?
I am researching the E4 path
Kayak for fishing and low class rapids?
Diet for Long-Term Camping
Are coasteering routes graded, or does one have to rely on a qualitative description of the difficulties of a route?
What can I feed my dogs on a week-long hike?
What route does the E1 European Long Distance Path take through Børgefjell National Park?
Do black, brown/grizzly or polar bears ever prey on humans?
Do electronics interfere with avalanche beacons?
How do I make people not be afraid of me and my dogs?
What features should I look for in a free-standing heated birdbath for below zero temperatures?
Are there any concrete techniques for down climbing?
How to land when jumping off a bouldering problem to minimize injury potential?
Is it unhealthy to wear minimal footwear?
What are "minimalist shoes"?
What is the best bait to catch sargo fish?
How many tea light candles are needed to equal the heat output of a person?
Does warming an enclosed area with an open flame provide help with drying wet fabric?
How to sharpen a peculiar looking knife
Is it poor etiquette to ask fellow backpackers where they have been/where they are going?
Does a chewing gum really help in keeping mouth moist?
How do I know if I've made a "first ascent"?
Is "Short roping" "Death Roping"?
Climbing before 1950: photography book/database
What is the difference between single and double action revolvers?
Are AT skis unsuited for downhill skiing at a resort?
How to safely descend a slope in high winds?
How many hours a day, on average, do Canada Geese sleep?
Frequency of crime/assault on the Appalachian Trail
How to repair top section of tent pole
Is a sentinel (guard) Canada Goose always a male, or a female, or does it vary?
Are statistics about the frequency of crime actually useful in determining how safe a trail is?
What is the difference between single action (SA), double action/single action (DA/SA) and double action only(DAO) semi-auto pistols
What type of glue is best to repair/resole cross country ski boots with plastic soles?
Hiding backpack waistband
How to replace an unknown propane lantern globe?
Can any automotive fluids be made safe to drink?
What is the minimum amount of water per day to survive?
Why did wetting down canvas sails increase the speed of a sailing ship?
Do self-inflating sleeping pads have to be kept dry during trips?
How to make rock climbing more challenging without changing to a more difficult route?
What are the steps in the PBUS method of belaying?
Is freezer bag cooking safe?
Straps around Olympic Halfpipe Snowboarder Legs?
When trimming my sails, why would I want them to stand flat, versus having some belly?
Can smoldering logs be transported safely
What can I do if I have 24-hour warning of very strong wind gusts (45–50 m/s), but I cannot reach a fixed shelter within this period?
How did Viking era hikers carry their gear and provisions?
Crevasse rescue with knots in the rope
In orienteering/navigation, what is an attack point?
Can you use an Iridium phone with a SIM but with no active plan to place an emergency call?
When did semiautomatic hunting rifles become commonly used in the United States?
What animal would chew up trees in West Georgia?
What kind salamander is this black and grey one I found at around 11,000 feet near Mt Ritter in the Sierras?
Do square-riggers also use 'aircraft-wing-style' propulsion?
How to counter bindings getting loose on MSR Lightning Ascent snowshoes?
Escaping tree well
What should I do if I face Elephant?
How to contain the stench of climbing shoes?
What are the busiest months for hiking in the New Hampshire Presidential Mountains?
What type of fish is this?
Are there tents with better space-to-weight ratio than tunnel tents?
At what wind speed is hiking considered unsafe
Is this image of a skier skinning up a very steep slope rotated?
How to mitigate injury when falling into a crevasse?
What material is a good alternative to neoprene?
What is the purpose of being close-hauled when sailing upwind?
How do you determine the optimum time to tack?
How dangerous is swimming fully dressed in cotton/denim clothes?
What ever happened to the proposals for no-rescue zones for backpackers?
Foraging food in Kungsleden/Kebnekaise/Sarek (SWE) region in summer
What are the possible risks of exercising at high altitudes?
What types of wild foods are protected from foraging in the Swedish Lapland forests, and how is the status decided?
What do I need to do to a tent that's been stored for a long time?
Fishing spots in greater Atlanta area?
Do I still need to hang my food if I have two large dogs?
Magnetic connector for LED light on tent mesh
Do Eastern grey squirrels pretend to bury nuts in the ground?
Is there a point at which one is committed to a tack?
When a sailing ship is pursuing another upwind, why does the distance gained to windward matter so much?
Road trip through the great American West - Anyone have Ideas for locations, areas, or activities?
What are the steps you would go through to teach someone how to split logs?
Is it feasible that a black bear could kill a man with a single swat?
Skiing demo plate vs no demo plate
Dialing an emergency number in a foreign country using a satellite phone
Protecting climbing skins without a protective mesh
First time snow hiking
What is an effective technique for plogging?
What is this round, shiny black bug, about 10mm long, found in Singapore?
Are pounds of propane actual pounds of weight?
What is this plant with leaves that have serrated edges, and white flowers, found in Malaysia?
how to calculate adding pontoons to a 12FT aluminum V bottom boat
How to measure combined clothing and sunscreen?
How to avoid getting cold when diving?
How do squirrels find buried nuts?
Why do compasses develop bubbles?
Are there bubble free handheld compasses?
How can I prepare my body for a relatively hard hike?
How can you regain your feet when you lose an edge snowboarding on steep terrain?
Why are backpacks sized in liters?
My car broke down in Siberia. What do I do now?
What factors should be considered when helping to feed crows/ravens in the yard?
Titanic survival, ice cold water?
Hiking in Lappland in August - what about animals?
Seagulls flocking by night?
How to defend against getting lyme disease?
Is there a way to attract more birds to my yard without a bird feeder?
What skills should one learn before attempting paragliding?
What is the relationship between altitude gain and temperature decrease when mountaineering?
Crossing small corners of a glacier when hiking in summer
What makes shoelaces so special?
What are the white pvc pipes in the Nevada desert for?
How can I clean my newly acquired (used) climbing shoes in order to avoid athlete's foot?
What temperature do different parts of a wood fire produce?
Is it warmer to sleep in a car or in a tent?
How to tie a figure eight on a bight?
How to tie a super eight / double figure eight / bunny ear knot?
Tips for using a "wag bag" to pack out human waste
What's a good resource for learning to tie knots for climbing?
Does the two sticks and a star method of finding north work the same way in both hemispheres?
How to tan a rabbit hide to make a fur and/or leather
Install a stove jack onto a canvas tent without one
Where is the farthest I can get from civilization while staying in florida?
How to avoid trespassing in the United States?
What does status R mean regarding trail permits on the Mt Whitney lottery calendar?
Finnish maps: bogs easy vs hard to traverse
What is bog shoeing?
What is this raised, icy-looking structure, found at the edge of a partially frozen lake?
What is the rather large bug with a green body, black stripe down the middle, 8 orange legs , two large antenna and large chompers?
What is the best way to figure out the size/volume of an old pack?
Should one deliberately eat more and put on weight before going on long treks?
Possible resources to identify birds while outdoors (preferably in the Indian subcontinent)?
Should one buy a higher shoe size while buying hiking shoes?
What is the possiblity of getting rabies bitten by a street dog in Berlin?
Higher weight carrying using forehead?
Can you sit on the comfy trike saddle while the canoe is in the water?
Is there a reason for seeing a lot of roadkill badgers in the spring?
Is amsteel blue appropriate for a use as a runner?
When backpacking, what gear should go in the brain(top most compartment) instead of the main compartment?
Where to find the front worn bags/pouches that ESF instructors wear
Is there a benefit for animals who return to the area of a deadly forest fire after the fire is out?
Effective breathing techniques for high inclination, tougher hikes
Is it easier for shorter people to walk the slopes of a mountain due to a lower center of gravity?
Resources for camping in Georgia (country)
Alligator free Mangrove or Cypress swamps in the US?
Are rolling snow pieces a sign of increased avalanche danger?
What UK carnivores might I find up mountains?
How dangerous are alligators to people canoeing?
What is the risk of getting lost while canoeing in a cypress swamp?
Why are vultures attracted to rubber on vehicles?
Can skunk spray be fatal to geese or other animals?
How can I get a GPS location for this tree on a distant hillside?
What is a back bearing when navigating with map and compass?
Origin of the "bell curve" for rock climbing route setting
Storing hunting firearms and ammo in a safe not designed for them?
Does it really matter which snow shoe goes on which foot?
Compromised Ropes in Retail Stores
Should I expect to need snowshoes in the Serra da Estrela in April?
Knot for adjusting the length of a loop using both ends of a cord
Are there any exercises that will strengthen my back to prepare for a day hike?
How to prevent metal eyelets from rusting?
How to find water in thick tropical forests?
Backpack for both ice tools and snow shoes
How can I view a route from a .kml file overlayed on an Ordnance Survey map?
How to use a static rope as a tether at the anchor of a top rope climb?
As a tall female should I be looking at male or female backpacks?
Is it possible to acclimatize to a cold weather in a short time?
How should you find out about local shooting ranges in a new area?
Do birds eat chillies? Do they feel the chilli heat?
Where in USA can I buy high end telescopic surf rods for fishing?
Beach fishing - Should I get waders or long rod to cast further into the sea?
Telescopic surf fishing rods - Are less segments better?
Do I have to have a guide for the Milam Glacier trek in India?
How to use DEET bug sprays if I have dogs?
What is the minimum grade of the routes set in the IFSC world cups?
Are there gender-specific climbing harnesses?
How to instruct someone how to take off a climbing harness?
How to repair a jacket whose pocket zip has detached from shell?
What is the difference between a dinosaur true track and a natural cast?
Are there resources for identifying dinosaur tracks?
Is it actually useful to ration food?
What's the proper way to establish a triaxial connection with carabiners?
How to find and identify mountain lion tracks?
Are trades routes and/or mountain routes still used?
How to cut an arrow shaft
What animals have paw prints similar to a mountain lion such that the absence or presence of claw marks are the most reliable distinguishing feature?
What is the use of the saw blade on a swiss knife?
Which gym workouts are beneficial for improving rock climbing skills?
What kind of bird is outside my window?
Gear for slush-over-ice
Looking for a simple gps tracker with long battery life
Would worms work well in this pond for trout or bass?
How can I photograph a kingfisher in the United Kingdom?
How are camping fuels named in different languages and geographies?
Can removing dead wood harm the ecosystem?
Where do I attach a bobber?
What do Tyrannosaur dinosaur tracks look like?
What extra gear to take up a multipitch climb?
What does moose scat/poop look like?
How are canvas tents made to be fire retardant?
How did/does shrinking canvas effect sailing ships?
Can a backpacker's solar water heater produce warm water when the ambient temperature is in the 20s (F)?
Gymming v.s Outdoor sports, which is better?
How to estimate the size and or gender of a mountain lion from its tracks?
How to keep paper from being damaged by water in the outdoors?
What is the proper way to ford a shallow body of water in a back country situation?
Is it possible to differentiate between a dog howl and a wolf howl?
Self inflatable mats: the more air, the more comfortable?
How to transport personal belongings while swimming long distance?
Finding user images based on keywords/tags and precise map location
What determines whether the young of a cat is called a kitten or a cub?
How to design a semi-permanent campsite for short trips into the woods that won't attract vandals when we're not there?
Why was I attacked by a bird (twice)?
How long can I trust the purity of water in a water bottle?
Finding dead hummingbirds on my property
Are there reusable inflatable life vests (or PFDs)?
"Official" providers of topographic maps per country
How to fish from a kayak?
Is it possible for birds to develop mental problems?
What features should I look for in a packraft?
Food to bring on long hike
Could a steam juicer be used to desalinate water?
Do bull snakes keep rattlesnakes away?
Can a person picky about water taste use a hydration bladder?
How do I safely move around Canada Geese?
Rafting - Oar Locks vs Oar Rights vs Pins & Clips?
Biking from Whitehorse to Vancouver
Fish aren't biting, how to get more bites?
How to protect sunglasses without a case?
Can microspikes replace crampons when crossing ice in summer?
How to repair backpack inside surface?
How to deal with keeping a first aid kit inside a hot car?
Reattaching Tent Rain Fly Hooks
What kind of mittens is Les Stroud wearing?
Is it possible to repair this flat bow?
What is the expected flowrate of a bucket brigade?
Two kids sharing a sleeping bag
Is a helmet more important for a belayer or a climber?
Hot water system as a heater for car camping?
Wild animal in Virginia that sounds like monkey cackling/laughing?
What is the point of belay glasses?
Can you attach a non-load bearing hip/waist belt to an existing bag?
How to estimate the volume a person sweats?
Could Les Stroud have used guitar strings for rabbit snares?
Why does red snow make a person sick?
How can I repair a mapcase (reattach Velcro)?
How to tell the difference between bobcats and house cats?
Is there scientific evidence of bobcats breeding with house cats?
Is pouring boiling water into a plastic Nalgene bad for you?
Does a sleeping bag comfort temperature rating increase with time?
How much should I worry/care about the "Known to the State of California" warnings on fuel canisters?
How to permanently label Nalgene bottles?
Electrical supply at camp site, what are the risks?
Why does burning dung drive away insects?
How dangerous is it to rummage the ground in the mountains of Nevada desert with venomous creatures out there?
Why is a Reverso not useful when belaying a first that's crossing a Bergschrund?
Can the loft of a synthetic bag stored for years be restored?
How can I guess if an outdoor expanse contains flammable gas?
Shoes for hiking and minor rock climbing in Australia?
Can I use SteriGENE broad spectrum disinfectant on abseil rope?
Can I use ear plugs while ascending or descending a mountain?
Printable maps of the Tony Knowles coastal trail
How to secure wild Red Eared turtle eggs from predators?
Which animals would kill porcupines?
How many miles should one expect to get out of a good pair of hiking boots?
Why would porcupines sleep on the ground during the day?
How fast does a climbing rope recover its dynamic properties after a fall?
How much weight can a bald eagle carry?
What, exactly, is ice-transplantation as used to reinforce ice for the Elfstedentocht?
Timing on building a small log cabin
What is this blob found at the edge of a puddle on a forest logging road?
How can an adult be bitten by a snake without feeling it?
Where can I find free electronic topographic map that cover the entire West Coast Trail in Canada?
Lake Erie / Presque Isle Water Level
How long is the carp mating season at Presque Isle?
Are there any reliable plants to use for navigation?
Knots when abseiling with single rope
When using "Gap aiming method" do I leave both eyes open?
What knot is this that starts off like a taut line hitch but ends differently?
Sparrows eating grains strewn on floor but not the grains in a nice bowl
What additional equipment is needed for bowfishing?
Will bobcats climb cacti when not in fear of their lives?
How much of a difference in insulation will a reflective tarp make?
Should I close a cathole (toilet-hole) at night?
How can I help an injured crow fledgling with a hurt leg?
Were elk solely plains animals before the Europeans came?
Contacting a yacht on IJsselmeer (Netherlands)
How are trail surface firmness and surface stability defined?
Why is there no Wilderness Area within Grand Canyon National Park?
How essential is the darkness/tint of a pair of sunglasses to protecting your eyes?
How do mallard mother ducks tell their ducklings from others?
Is altitude tent helpful in preparation for climbing 7000-8000m mountains?
Caught in the rain without rainwear or raingear
Hanging food on the appalachian trail
Camelbak safe to use after cleaning for the first time in 4 years?
Keeping the hose on a hydration bladder from unscrewing?
How to keep socks from wicking rain off pants into boots
Can ocean/saltwater fishing gear be used for freshwater/lake fishing?
Why does North Cascades National Park get so few visitors?
Climbing Mt. Kazbek - Hiring a Guide from the Meteo Station
What are the benefits of saving bats?
20-shot magazine for Lee-Enfield?
Are there any statistics on how many mallard ducklings survive?
Are there any biodegrable freeze dried packages?
Warm-weather UL breathable packable waterproof jacket
Are elk and deer colorblind to blaze orange/pink clothes?
Have there been any studies done on how fluorescent pink compares to fluorescent orange?
What are the pros and cons of introducing new safety colors for hunting?
How many days does it take to reach hiking X miles per day?
Name of this northern pine fishing lure?
Where can I legally go hunting for rabbits with a slingshot in the UK?
How should I rescue a baby bird, including when it's wet?
Are there any animal behaviors that can be used to predict weather conditions within a 24 hr time period?
How do I heat up my tent?
How to fight bugs when hiking?
Behavioural differences between European and North American Wolves
Fending off a boar with an axe?
What are the pros and cons of clear vs yellow tinted shooting glasses?
What is the difference between "shooting" and "safety" glasses?
Getting lost and circling a trail in a loop?
Why would a raccoon climb a building?
Is there any measurable effect on acclimatization rate for people living in middle mountains?
What attributes should I look for in an inexpensive multi-purpose folding bike?
Treated wood for a trailer bunk for pontoon boat
Name of this freshwater fish with diamond shaped spots and a single top fin, caught in a river in South Florida, USA
When and why were House Sparrows originally brought to the United States?
What plants can be heard when they are growing?
In shooting, what is a MOA (minute of angle)?
How to store fresh dead bait shrimp for a short period of time?
How accurate is the 3.5 - 5 degree F temperature drop per 1000 feet rule of thumb?
Mountain weather archive
Is it realistic that a duck would raise a swan?
How late/early should you pitch up/leave when wild camping in the UK/Europe?
How big do ducklings get before they can fly?
How to calculate the energy of a slingshot projectile?
How dangerous is a swarm of bees?
How warm should a sleeping bag be to sleep in summer in the Alps comfortably?
Do male mountain lions kill their own kittens?
What are the effects of introducing raccoons into Germany?
What to look for when buying a second hand packraft?
What's the difference between defined Forest areas and laws with respect to hiking/camping through them in India?
I have a firestarter disk, but it won’t light. How do I use it?
Scuba diving right after passing certification
Do any birds hibernate?
What are the pros and cons of plastic and aluminim vs wood vs composite paddles for canoeing?
Why couldn't you eat frozen bait shrimp?
What should a beginner look for in a sextant?
Why are birds so nervous around humans?
What would make one brick wall harder than another?
Is it okay for a duck/splay footed individual to rock climb?
Purchasing a sit-on-top kayak
Restoring a deformed kayak hull
What conditions would make a weather inversion likely?
When building a penny stove how do you keep the cans from splitting?
What can I add to alcohol to make the flame visible?
Under what conditions does heating a tent artificially make objective sense?
What is the most severe temperature that a proper snow cave can protect you from?
How to recover from muscle pain during the midst of a multi-day hiking?
Is there a standard way of marking cooking alcohol containers?
What is the reasoning behind not disposing of fish guts in the water?
What was the temperature without windchill for the climbers that "Minus 148 Degrees" is written about?
What is the difference between AMO/AMA and ASTM spine declarations?
How much difference does wind chill make if you are inside a snow cave?
How accurate is the method of finding north with a watch?
Is there a recommended type of can for building a penny stove?
What are good dive sites to scuba dive with cuttlefish?
Would it make sense to backpack with an 8 lb tent at Philmont Scout Ranch?
How to tape torn skin to continue climbing?
How do songbirds and small animals know when there's a hawk in the immediate vicinity?
Why do upside down tree leaves mean rain
Criteria for putting up a tent in morning or evening shade
How to find good hiking maps for the Laugavegur trail in Iceland?
How can I help birds know how to feed from feeders?
Can you put a tow truck stinger on a motorhome (RV)?
Where are good dive sites to scuba dive with seahorses?
Reclaiming water lost from breathing
Is it safe to drink rain water from a stream after a long drought?
What are possible ways to drink on a long scuba dive?
Does body need to re-acclimatize after a few days out of altitude?
Cat-safe mosquito repellent?
Usability difference between 0.1 micron 0.2 micron filter bottles?
Philmont closed - any good places to go instead?
Why do almost all backpacking packs have top compartment ("brain compartment") zippers facing backwards?
What are the best camping sites in Western Massachusetts?
I feel little stings in the sea
Climbing outdoors makes the skin of my palm red and sensitive
How best to hold/aim a Garmin InReach for satellite messaging?
Two person sleeping bag liner for sleeping bag/staying in a hut?
Using a thermometer for hypothermia diagnosis in backcountry?
What is the impact/risks of high altitude walking on individuals suffering from High Blood Pressure?
Heat index vs feels like temperature
Can I reuse the PADI Scuba Diving e-training for another person?
Where does lightning strike
Where are some accessible flat areas for handicapped birders in Acadia National Park in Maine, USA?
When did indoor climbing gyms start to become popular?
Titanium Carabiner: what is its ideal use case?
What are these fishing things called "Pre-rigged sets"?
No Stop Limit for Recreational Scuba Diving
Where are some good places for a day-hike within an hour or two of Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA?
Coleman Propane Stove not staying lit
Small Islands in Androscoggin river, Berlin NH
Self-diagnosis of hypothermia onset
Is clipping onto the rungs of a via ferrata bad practice?
Found in a river in north Georgia USA. What type of rock is this?
Emergency use hydration products - effectivness vs cost
Possible dangerous animals in north-west natural parks of the US in late July
How does zinc oxide work?
What are the simplest 5000 m mountains to hike?
Is there any evidence that black bears (or other large predators) are indifferent to, or acutally repulsed by, the scent of humans?
Artificial reintroduction of wild animals: how frequently does it happen, and what is the purpose?
How to craft container for cooking and filtering/purifying water
How to check whether a tent is prone to ants eating holes in tents?
Mosquito free areas closest to Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer, France?
What is the defintion of a "unisex tent"?
Where can I find the current status regarding fire bans in Norway?
How do I weave the backpack shoulder straps when there are two strap adjusters?
Fittings to connect together two hydration bladders
How to tie a bull hitch using end(s)?
Do doves go through a molting time of shedding and replacing their feathers?
Reusing disposable water bottles vs. buying dedicated bottles
How do forest fires affect rain run-off?
How do fly fishing lures work?
How do I evade or pacify a bee?
What is the survival rate for fish restocked via airplane?
Would dry or wet flies be easier for a beginner fly fisherman?
How is the maximum legal altitude for campfires determined?
Is parasol a good gadget to stay cool walking around the city and parks?
Is it generally safe to hike a pass in a thunderstorm?
What are the different names for and sources of alcohol for my stove?
Is there an actual advantage of switchblade folding knives over any other method of opening a folding blade with one hand?
What are the pros and cons of cotton vs mesh filters for making cold brew coffee in a Nalgene water bottle?
When slacklining between trees, how big should the tree trunks be?
Can I use a Canoe Paddle with a Kayak?
Which is bigger, as in longer, Omura's whale or Blue whale?
Hammock sleeping
What is the best practice to secure a 17ft open canoe to the roof of a vehicle?
Does listening with an ear to the ground actually work?
Restoring waterproofing of tent - worth the hassle?
Relative risks of various outdoor activities?
When is improvised water filtration warranted for survival?
How can I distinguish between rock pile types cairn, duck, and natural?
Training for Kayaking out of season
Do Bee Hotels/Houses actually work?
Why aren't the mule trains outfitters required to clean up after their animals?
How do you access the back of a large paper map?
What makes some of the lakes in the Himalayas saline?
Found a black snake in my backyard. Is it dangerous?
Hiking/Scrambling Etiquette? (UK Specific)
How common is it for a mother duck to adopt ducklings?
Are there any large knife/saw multitools for pocket or belt use?
What is the best way to place a sling on a rock spike so that it's prevented from lifting off?
What to do if you are above timberline and your descent is cut off by a large forest fire?
Will the Trailhead Registry burn in a forest fire?
What does "out and back" mean in terms of understanding the length of a trail?
how high does a fence need to be to prevent European brown bear to climb it?
What is growing in these cocoon-looking structures found on a mountain in Massachusetts, USA?
Cleaning top inside of old Plano tackle box
What is this yellow powder substance in a bag with yellow hair jigs?
How to fix camping tent properly on LowePro Photosport BP 300 AW II
What does contouring mean in the context of navigation/orienteering?
Setup for solar powered battery generator
SERE Surival Kit includes velcro finger lights, but why?
What are the primary considerations for a solo traverse of the Cairngorms in winter snow?
How are backpacking quotas per trailhead in US national parks determined?
Does a hands-free kayak bilge pump exist that is as speedy and reliable as a hand pump?
How to tie a Purcell prusik?
How use a nylon cordelette as an adjustable tether for rock climbing?
What's this backpack part called and how can I get a replacement?
Is it possible get a rash from poison ivy but not poison oak?
Nature camping sites in (western) Europe
Hiking trails between Mt Moosilauke and Rumney NH
How can I find Corner Caps for my 1963 12ft StarCraft boat?
Is there any effective repellent against deer flies (Lipoptena cervi)?
Are there any natural materials found in the wild that can be used as an effective sunscreen?
Is there a backpacker's guide to edible plants that is very light?
How sophisticated a dust mask can one hope to improvise?
How to tie a Purcell Prusik from a single end?
Are there any credible estimates of how much of the US National Park System does not have cell phone reception? If so, what do they conclude?
Buying Campingaz in Eastern Europe
Beginning boating
Has extended exposure to sunlight and UV in the arctic or antarctic ever caused someone's eyes to change color?
Is there a good way to be kept up-to-date with climbing gear recalls?
How common are avian diseases?
Beginning paddle boating
Safest way to carry ebooks outdoors?
Beginning sailing
Neoprene as a base layer for winter activities?
How to prevent sleeping bag from expanding in its bag
What constitutes mountain exposure when hiking or scrambling?
What group of people call themselves "Outdoor Influencers", and what do they do regarding natural areas of land?
How do you become a New Forest commoner?
Identifying a plant seen in Cyprus
What to look for in a rifle bipod?
If you are starting to tie your own fly fishing flies, what types would be the easiest to start with?
How stuffed is a sleeping bag stuffed in its recommended stuff sack size?
Will mountain lions eat wild horses?
What is a kassakåta?
What is a 'Whitecap' and why should I be concerned about boating in them?
Does 'Single-oar sculling' have any use in recreational boating?
Why is it undesirable for the New Forest to convert to a mature forest?
Are there US Forest Service maps of historical logging?
If you are canoeing on a lake when whitecaps start happening, what is the best direction to get off the lake?
If you are kayaking on a lake when whitecaps start happening, what is the best direction to get off the lake?
Hypothermia risk from deflated sleeping pad
Is fish tickling a reliable survival skill?
How does dental floss compare to fishing line in a survival situation?
In the US is it legal to travel on any river/creek my canoe will navigate?
How to deal with changing clothing which was used while cooking as not to attract a bears?
How common are tandem kayaks?
What species of bear are most and least dangerous to humans?
Is there a simple at-home test to objectively measure the insulating value of a sleeping pad?
Is it likely to be my technique or my muscles that cause my arms and shoulders to ache so soon after I start kayaking?
What are the immediate causes of the large forest fires that have ravaged the US and Canada over the past several years?
Bivouac on glacier: how to be sure not to stand on a crevasse?
How can we be the most respectful to a moose when photographing it up close?
How to store roe (fish eggs) at home in a refrigerator?
What is bushcrafting?
How does bushcrafting relate to the "leave no trace" principles?
What features of a trail camera make it easier for photographing animals than other cameras?
What are lawful wilderness activities in Canada?
How can I fix an airbed valve that pops open?
How to keep a trail camera from being stolen?
Can I use a trail camera to identify a roadside litterer?
Online maps of ski-tour trails of Italy (Aosta Valley, Cogne)?
What is the difference between a Canoe and a Kayak?
Is it dangerous to go to Mountains when snow is melting?
Are chiggers moving north, and if so, how do I protect myself against them?
Is there a standard hiking trail difficulty rating system in the United States?
3 days hut to hut hike Chamonix area mid september
Suvival: logs/wood, split or not to split?
Is there a difference between a hiking trail and a backpacking trail, including if it's the same piece of land?
Is noodling more detrimental to catfish populations than fishing with a rod and reel?
What bug is this?
What advantage would noodling have over fishing with rod and reel?
Why are long-distance hiking trails in the USA so much more famous than in Europe?
Portable canopy leg weights, how heavy?
How to fix tears in waterproof pants?
What top 10 items did the teams on the TV survival show Alone most frequently choose?
How to keep your fingernail clippers together?
Why didn’t Yuri Lipski inflate his BCD?
Dealing with twists in a rope while belaying
What are these small corroded canisters on top of a mountain in Nevada?
What Is the name of the supervolcano or earthquake epicenter at Yellowstone National Park?
How is elevation gain and change measured for hiking trails?
What tool(s) would be helpful for unhooking fish?
Can I tie down ski/snow board to my roof rack like a canoe?
What tool(s) would be useful for trimming fishing line?
Hiking trails that meet specific criteria in Zion National Park (Utah, USA)
Start a fire with key fob battery?
When did wearing a helmet become the norm for climbing?
Internal (unseen) damage from a 40ft climbing fall
Start a fire with nail clippers?
Can you start a wood fire with a Spark Bunsen Burner/Laboratory Lighter?
What could I keep in rucksack hip pocket?
Plant Identification: White Mushroom or Fungus found in Indiana
What are the pros and cons of first vs second focal plane rifle scopes?
How can I carry my compound bow in a backpack without showing any parts of it?
Plant Identification: Is this lemon balm?
What is a good way to clean the inside of a water bottle straw while on a multi-day backpacking trip?
Hiking and camping with medium size dog and keeping safe from mountain lions
Are there Takedown Compound Bows?
Is there anywhere to dive in the Mediterranean that's like the Red Sea?
How to "pump" my sail to go upwind or when becalmed?
What exactly would change if most of the Grand Canyon was designated as wilderness?
What is the life expectancy of Propane/CO detector?
Does "Ice Sailing" Count as Boating?
Are there any natural materials that can be used as a magnifying lens (or to craft one)?
Ways to desalinate water when "lost at sea"?
Can I eat Rabbit Poop?
What do the numbers on a sail boats sail represent?
Can I get fresh water from ocean fish flesh?
If you are stranded at sea with a basic set of fishing equipment, how reliable of a food supply are fish?
Are these yellow orange hawthorns edible?
What are the differences between boats and "ice yachts"?
What sort of glue (if any) to use to fix replacement tips onto carbon fibre trekking poles?
Can I sleep in my canoe with it adrift on a commonly used lake?
How do some of the materials in the clothing we wear endanger marine life and the undersea environment?
Can I get fresh water from ocean plants?
Portable desalination hand pump filter life?
OS Map Symbols - Black Dots
Why would a seal be flinging an octopus around above the water and then slapping a kayaker with it?
Water filters: is there always a tradeoff between longevity and safety
How much fish can a saltwater angler catch per day?
How to improvise a pair of tweezers in the wild?
When fishing in the Ocean off the US coast, at what point do fishing laws stop?
Who gets the bill if you activate a PLB to help someone else?
How to recognize an ocean desert from the surface?
How reliably can you assess the condition of a reverse-osmosis desalinator?
How can you identify whether brackish water is too salty to drink?
Guidelines to reduce risk of exposure to, or infection from Naegleria fowleri? (brain-eating amoeba)
Lead free brass fittings on potable water hoses
Can I preserve a freshly caught fish with a soft bag cooler?
Is a tree that has been standing dead for a year dry enough for firewood?
How to identify a good location to catch Signal Crayfish near River Don
Which altitude profile and height is optimal for Everesting by hiking?
Etiquette of playing musical instruments on popular hikes
What is this black and yellow-striped caterpillar with four toothbrush-looking tufts of hair along the top?
Will a Sunfish mast and rigging fit any other dinghy models?
How do people carry camping propane in a car when traveling?
Why do people lock their tents at Everest Base Camp?
Winter wear in New York
What are some challenges to starting a small business that runs backpacking trips?
What are some common mistakes to avoid when trying winter camping for the first time?
Open water swimming, apnea or regular wet suit?
Why does my flurocarbon leader keep breaking when tied with a double uni-knot?
In a survival situation is it actually efficient to eat edible plants?
What NRR (Noise Reduction Rating) should one look for in hearing muffs/earplugs for indoor shooting?
I didn't apply enough DWR treatment to my jacket, can I just add more?
What is the most methodical way to try to get yourself unlost? (Assume below timberline in a temperate climate)
What factors lead to one firearm being louder than another?
Drinking water while standing vs seated
Are grizzly bears attracted by human urine?
What type of Amphibian / Lizard is this?
How is Chubby the alligators weight estimated?
Would a lightweight 2-person tent or medium weight 3-person tent be better for near freezing weather?
What is a reasonable budget to solo-hike the Continental Divide Trail?
What are some good foods for recovering from calorie debt?
Is there evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that frequent trips to high altitude aid acclimatization?
What is the estimated cost for through hiking the Pacific Crest Trail?
How necessary it is to have an SUV with AWD for trailheads in Collegiate Peaks, Upper Ark River Valley?
What are directional, height, and distance guidelines for marking trails?
Did a bear knock all my bird feeders down?
What is an alternative sleep system if I don't want to use a down mummy bag for winter camping?
At what angle should an ice screw be screwed into the ice?
What rockfall protection equipment are there other than helmets?
How to avoid getting wet when exiting a canoe onto shore?
How and when to sharpen ice screws?
How can I safely use a candle lantern inside a tent?
How to get rid the mold smell in old canvas tent?
How to follow an existing angle when sharpening?
Is a hole in a cold place warmer?
What behaviors in bees change just before, during and after a solar eclipse?
Why are there so many wasps attached to this air conditioner?
Skull soaking in hydrogen peroxide for days still brown
When making an anchor with static rope around a boulder, what knot should I use
Can I eat the rabbits my cat catches?
Why are stove jacks NOT normally made of metal?
Figure-8 Followthrough Question
What are the chances to catch rodent-transmitted illnesses while hiking?
4wd Truck laden or not on sand
How to tell the difference between a pika and a cottontail rabbit?
What is head/lift indication in a digital compass on a sailboat?
What kind of material was used to make traditional stove jacks?
What are the shortest and longest crossing points of the Atlantic?
Sangean MMR-88 DAB radio stuck at "PC wizard.."
How much food is needed for three months of food when rowing across an ocean?
What is this just-hatched black caterpillar with white and black hairs, found in India?
What equipment is used to "groom" single track hiking and biking trails?
How to join 2 cables together with fishing line without putting knot in cable?
What diseases can be transmitted through skin contact with a dead rabbit?
Can wild rabbits be eaten in the summer or is the risk of disease too high?
What are some tips to setting up a refuge if I am lost in the woods
What is this protrusion on the bottom of the sailboat?
How predictable are the doldrums?
I am lost, I found a trail, which way do I go?
Is 5R barrel rifling more accurate than 4 or 6 groove rifling?
What to do if woke up in a tent hearing a bear/boar or something else close by?
What is the longest dead end road on US public land?
How do you take field notes at below 0 °C, without freezing fingers?
What are the most important numerical features to look for when comparing climbing ropes?
When filming wild animals with a drone, how far away does the drone need to be?
Drinking surface water heuristics
Best way to use “space” blanket to boost heat when bivy camping
What is "catskiing"?
Where can I test an emergency whistle?
How would one person control two canoes?
Pully rig hook release problem
Fish Flasher - Reading Bottom
How can a Common Kingfisher bird balance on a tiny swaying reed without moving its head?
Down is escaping my jacket, especially over a wool sweater
Why should a good tent be UV resistant?
Under optimal conditions, how far could an emergency whistle be heard?
How can I tell the difference between a Tentworm caterpillar and a Fall Webworm caterpillar by observing the web?
How can I adjust a neoprene wrist/neck seal on a drysuit, by cutting and joining?
What type of boat is this with a single mast and a square sail?
Yellow Overboot Repair
What do you call what amounts to a modern hybrid between a sneaker and a high top moccasin?
Which emergency food for backpacking (meat-like Granola bar?)
How strong of a magnet is needed for magnet fishing for assorted metal objects?
is it safe to use a 4mm cord for French Prusik auto-block friction hitch when rappelling off parallel 10mm dynamic rope?
How should I dress for sweat inducing activities in cold weather?
What are the pros and cons of single vs double sided magnets for magnet fishing?
What should I consider when planning my first multiple-day hiking trip on hills?
Can a van be used for sleeping in National Park campgrounds in the US?
Best practices for physical and inventory management of a ready pack/bug out bag
How to tie nylon straps to trees of unknown diameter
Does “Pay attention to the ounces, and the pounds take care of themselves” make sense when planning backpacking gear?
Will I be warmer in my sleeping bag inside or outside of my tent, when winter camping?
What methods can be used to keep a cooler cold longer?
Single walled plastic vs vacuum insulated water bottle for hiking and everyday use
When should I avoid geotagging?
How do you protect yourself against crocodiles when you have no option but to camp on the banks of a croc-infested river?
Animal Identification from "leavings"
Is there a universal patch that signifies Food/Rations?
Where can I find good UVI forecasts?
Can I theoritcally climb The Mount Erciyes in the summer?
Tent in the rain
What are quality differences between Fleece?
What are those other three holes in the boat's transom?
Is Salmon caught in the seawater or freshwater? Which is the preferred way, and the most ecological way?
What temperature is needed for heat molding ski boot liners? Isn't body temperature enough for that?
How much cooler space is required for transporting an elk?
How should I manage my woods to attract more deer?
Is an old but new down sleeping bag as good as a recent and new one?
Finding out if a road is paved or not
What features to look for in a small snowshoe for getting up and down a long driveway and around the yard during what may be a snowy winter?
When should I report a potentially injured-looking animal to authorities in a large, monitored, wildlife area?
Given limited space and weight what should I carry to get a fire going with damp wood?
How do breathable fabrics like Gore-tex and DWR (Durable Water Repellent) work?
Are urban coyotes a danger to small children?
When using a compass, why not follow a degree mark without rotation?
Trekking with a donkey
What is the feed/day limit for various pack animals?
How to isolate a strong magnet from things it could damage in a small backpack?
Nepali / India bioacoustics hiking
Should I travel through freezing areas with hot or cold water in my RV tank?
How serious is bear safety in the sub-polar Ural / Komi Republic / Yugyd Va?
Why is doubling up hearing protection when shooting not more effective?
Different woods and how they burn/what if we are unsure of the wood?
Is burning cow pies (dried cow manure) safe?
Summitting Breithorn in the winter?
What can I do to get garden birds back after hawk has made my bird-feeder his hunting ground?
Where in the world do you need a cave diving certification to dive?
Lush meadows December time
Do the stitches on Adidas shoes' foot (out sole) make the shoes more durable for walking?
Are there any ski touring routes in the Austrian\Swiss Alps suitable for kids?
What gear should I carry along for winter emergencies?
Why are zip-in (fleece + hardshell) jackets so rare?
How can I make a pack basket for a backpack?
Is a flare a good fire starting tool?
Do emergency space blankets actually work?
Train climbing with additional weight?
Bird identification from feathers - brown-black feathers, medium size, West Sweden
Do chipmunks hibernate in woodpiles, and, if so, how do I avoid disturbing them when taking wood from the pile?
What is an efficient and effective way to test an emergency day-hike kit?
What counts as climbing a mountain?
Why are Fjällräven sleeping bags so expensive?
Pater Noster Rig
Are there any outdoorsy hikes accessible from the T in the Boston area, preferably (but not necessarily) actually in Boston or Cambridge
When to plant a potted live Christmas tree?
Vancouver Sunrise Hike Advice?
How do you deal with blackberry bushes on the west coast when bushwhacking?
Winter hiking socks (calf-length) for beginner downhill skiing
Why is the "alpine style" of climbing not as popular in the Himalayas?
Using hiking boots for amateur rock-climbing
How do simple compass needles remain level instead of see-sawing with magnetic dip? Are they flat even near the poles?
How did O’Brady charge his electronic gear while hiking across Antarctica?
How relevant is distance between nock and fletching?
Bathing outdoors in low temperature, high altitude environment
What are the differences between a lighthouse and a light station in terms of the specific purpose?
What is the best method for protecting my bees from pesticides?
What to do when one point in a climbing anchor breaks?
How do you refill your alcohol stove while it's burning?
Timberland classic 6 inch boots for mountain hiking/trekking
What is the advantage of a fluted barrel on a hunting rifle?
Keeping water from freezing while cross country skiing
Is there proof that it's good for animals in captivity to do activities such as painting?
Is it safe to use a nylon climbing runner/webbing that has a small fray?
Can an overhand loop be used to shorten nylon webbing as a personal anchor?
What is the difference between back country camping and front country camping?
Rappelling with only one arm
Need help identifying a vintage George Hine Production Co Rod
Is it illegal to walk on single or dual carriageways in the UK?
Are these tracks on the sand in Portugal dormouse tracks?
Strategy to ascend steep scree slope
How do you wave off a search and rescue helicopter?
What to do with a yacht when a stronger blast come?
How do you know you have reached North or South Pole without GPS?
How much heel is optimal on a small katamaran in low wind?
How do I slow down while snowboarding?
What is a glass artificial horizon?
How real is the danger to suffocate in an Igloo?
Can you "kick and glide" and climb without skins in Alpine Touring ski gear?
With what unit are river flow speeds indicated on the Genshtab Soviet military maps?
Are liner mittens significantly warmer than liner gloves?
Bird seed for Robins and Tits
Forearm Grab Grip Strength
What is the best way to cross a wide river in winter?
Is it a good idea to do ski binding settings yourself?
How do I keep my group together?
Knots for bases of equipment
Best field remedy for small cockroach in the ear
How to choose shoes for long-distance urban walking for durability first then comfort?
Why is traditional marine advice to stay still, rather than swim vigorously, if fallen in cold water?
Is there an app to identify flora and fauna
What does the Garmin GPSMAP 66 "SOS beacon" function do?
Driving in Alaska - Antispray device
Skis constantly misaligned while stacked
Flat bottom boat trolling motor power
What needs to be clipped to the climbing harness, and how to carry all additional gear?
Super glue on fishing line
How to shorten alpine slings into an alpine quickdraw?
Fishing beads T - holes
What foods attract mosquitoes to your body, and what can you eat that will repel them?
How long can a new climbing rope be safe?
Free online UK maps
What degree and/or type of athleticism is required in no-limits free diving?
how shelf stable is pocket (portable) soup?
Salt Vs Smoke as a preservative
Is it possible to delete Geocaches from a Garmin etrex without plugging it into the computer?
How to find natural salt licks?
How can I identify wild edible plants of southern and eastern China?
What basic body position should I be in during a downhill ski run?
Should I do exercises for finger strength as an intermediate, heavy climber?
What type of pants would be durable and suitable for outdoors in all kind of climates?
no weapons Fighting large cat with bare hands
Why would a polar bear give away his kill?
Should I take my weight into account when buying and retiring climbing equipment?
Outfitter does "game prep but not processing"
EU vs US hiking gear choices
What’s the best thing to wear on your hands when sea kayaking in very cold weather?
What is the snow level going to be in the Atlassian mountains(Toubkal) in the end of April?
Why would you climb hard bigwall projects in Yosemite in winter?
Is 30-06 too high caliber for hunting wild boar?
Was the young cougar who attacked a runner recently in Colorado likely to have been old enough to live independently of its mother?
Is it advisable to use a tourniquet on a dog for a snake bite?
Damaged Gore-tex boots
What is this white substance some climbers smear on their legs?
Can anyone identify this small black swimming creature?
Learning to Surf in Goa - Your advice
Has Chronic Wasting Disease (CWD) suddenly gotten worse in the United States?
Mountaineering trousers with short legs
Planning where to stop and camp in advance
How much experience is needed for crossing the Mendenhall Glacier?
How to make my kayak Eskimo roll reliable in rough water?
Portable power generator ballpark fuel consumption
Garmin Fenix 3 - Temperature spikes result in abnormal elevation changes
What to look for in a portable generator?
Can or should you season titanium cookware?
What does it mean for a caliber to be flat shooting?
Is there really no way to rescue a climber from the death zone?
What is a cartridge’s point-blank-range?
Are there any modern advantages of a fire piston?
How can I tell if there's a camouflaged octopus in a coral reef, so I can keep from disturbing it?
Does anyone recognise this knot?
Skis versus snow shoes - when to choose which for travelling the backcountry?
What woods have been used to build primitive shelters in northern climates, especially around the Adirondacks Mountains?
What are uses of red spruce (picea rubens) by humans in a wilderness, primitive, or frontier setting?
Is there a way to find out the age of climbing ropes?
Specific Chinese carabiner QA?
Why would cottontail rabbits be hanging out in a gravel parking lot?
Stuck at high camps, what do climbers do to deter boredom?
Flying insects enjoying broccoli flowers
Wet vs dry glacier
At what temperature should one switch from gloves to mittens?
What does it take to become a wilderness skills guide as a business?
What kind of bird in Michigan looks like a cardinal with black wings?
Is it possible to make a slingshot from "Natural" resources?
What in the forest is suitable as a foundation to primitive structures such as log cabins, in northeast USA?
What is the mortality rate of Mt St. Elias?
How to detect significant sun damage in a plastic molded kayak?
How are mountain lion populations estimated?
Knot for pulling two branches of a tree together
What is this type of lure or where can I find more?
What animal could entirely strip the bark of a birch like this?
Why use a 20 MOA rail on top of a rifle?
Can't find friction slider adjustment on Tyrolia PR10 bindings?
Knife as defense against stray dogs
What conditions would lead to lake ice being extremely clear?
Do ultrasonic dog repellers actually work against strays and other loose dogs?
How to test the sharpness of a knife?
Is there a practical risk when wearing an avalanche beacon on your top layer?
What type of centipede is this?
What are the four climbing knots used by Jim Bridwell?
How to do a prussik with end of cordellete only?
Can you tell if a waterfall is slippery based on how it looks?
Can you identify this lizard-like creature I observed in the UK?
Is there clay soil in the Adirondacks suitable for earthen primitive building?
What type of insect is this orange-camouflaged creature?
Yosemite Fire Rings - What to Expect?
What is wrong with this belay setup?
Are wattle and daub primitive shelters suitable for the Adirondacks?
First timer-family going to Yosemite - do we need permits to camp and hike?
Peak time for autumn colours in Югыд ва/Yugyd Va (sub-polar Ural, Komi)
How to follow bearings while running?
How to clean trail running shoes?
RIMO III (elevation: 7,233 m, coordinates, 35°22′31″N 77°21′42″E): first ascent date?
What feeling should I expect when swimming in 5°C (41°F) water?
Camping alone in the wilderness in the USA
Understanding the transition in USCG Personal Flotation Device (PFD) Labeling
Hiking in the Sapa mountains Vietnam
Risk of getting Chronic Wasting Disease (CWD) in the United States?
Is it safe spending night in wild boar territory?
What type of lizard is this grey and orange one I found near the Grand Canyon?
Any actions to take with GPS rollover?
Sighting in a Rifle without firing a shot
What is this sharp, curved notch on my knife for?
How to sharpen the line cutter/gut hook on a knife?
Alpinism without short roping?
Additional map source information for Willmore Wilderness Park in Alberta?
What to do with chalk when deepwater soloing?
What aquatic animal laid these eggs?
Am I allowed to shoot 3 under in World Archery's Instinctive Bow Division?
Help me interface these two nautical devices
What would be the advantage of the 3 fingers under release?
Leak proof ice container, for RV fridge
Why aren’t birds using these feeders?
Can natural material be found in a temperate forest to help protect against snow blindness?
How to keep bees out of canned beverages?
What does 'right-to-left' mean when describing bouldering problems?
Hallstatt trek: Obertraun to Lodge am Krippenstein
Google Map Hiking Trail
Name of this Forked Fin Fish with Teeth Caught in Miami River, Florida, USA
How to find ticks in your hair?
Who to contact for a bird with broken wing in Portugal, Algarve?
What is this square plastic thing with small black flat glass marbles in the Uintas?
Help identifying mouse-like rodent in Willamette Valley (Oregon)
Are there statistics on how often CPR on someone who has been struck by lighting works?
How to heal a flapper quickly
Can a gun spontaneously fire?
Pulling vs. Carrying
Are sleeping system R-ratings additive?
Explain this: 40' long strip of bark removed from white pine
Can a tag on the prey's leg harm a peregrine falcon if eaten?
Inner tent - Vango F10 Xenon UL 2
Are perches on humming bird feeders bad for the humming birds?
How do you situate a protected bird house that is not under a branch?
What is this abandoned equipment and shed on skids near Mono Lake CA?
White Throated Magpie Jay - Costa Rica
What is the proper way to use a sauna?
What is a "Post Eye Tiable" (PET) knot?
Is there any evidence that suction devices are helpful for snake bites?
Will a coyote attack my dog on a leash while I'm on a hiking trail?
What is this brown catipillar with white stripes and two black spots near the head in Loveland, Colorado?
How stiff of a sole should I look for in hiking boots?
How should regular Appalachian Trail hikers interpret this weekend's attack?
Why would a Rocky Mountain Goat be making scrapes in the ground?
Where to find pronghorn sheds?
Using a Snow jacket for non snow conditions?
Why does a fox defecate on my patio, which I use as a feeding station for critters?
Why would one type of 22lr ammo be louder than another?
Can dirty bird feeders make birds sick?
What is this dime sized black bug with white on the segments near Loveland Colorodao?
Are there any tips to help hummingbirds find a new feeder?
What is the use case for non-breathable waterproof pants?
What safety concerns are there about automatic belay machines?
Reel locks when reeling in then bail flips open. What am I doing wrong?
How to melt snow without fire or body heat?
How to cut a climbing rope?
Where to find Rocky Mountain Goats?
How do they capture Rocky Mountain Goats in order to relocate them?
Why are cottontail rabbits smelling through gravel piles?
How much land would one family need for sustainable food production?
What is the leave no trace thing to do when parallel trails start to form?
What are the components of a good climbing kit for recreational tree climbing?
Can butane be transferred from one pierceable canister to another when its below the boiling point of butane?
How much margin due to charging inefficiency should I add when calculating the size of batteries needed for a trip?
What would the advantage of a piercable butane canister be?
Is it legal to launch a kayak from a public beach in Chicago?
Have a couple basic Q's on climbing-line (1 on safely descending/rappelling, another on using multiple lines and/or hardware to achieve "1+1=2"?)
Top-rope soloing sensible primary and secondary device combination
Boots: Does light damage affect waterproofing?
Which tree produces heart shaped seeds enveloped in a long pod?
When to clean out old bird boxes?
Scat identification from northern New Jersey
What overnight backpacking trails are clear of deep snow now (or likely to be in the next two weeks) in northwest Washington?
What can I do with a lone young cardinal I found in my yard?
Why is this woodchuck losing its fur?
Looking for information about the large circles free of snow that form in the spring around the trunks of large trees?
One week bicycle tour around Berlin
Does an ice chest packed full of frozen food need ice?
What is an efficent and effective way to find a reputable private guide for a backpacking trip?
Rappel: How do I start rappel from a ledge when using rappel extension
Is it possible to 'live off the sea'
Use of a personal anchor system to rappel (abseil) off a cliff with anchors by the edge and at foot level
What kind of bird is this greyish small chicken sized one I found in the Uintas?
How can I prepare physically for a long distance thru-hike such as the Pacific Crest Trail?
How do people deal with sweating and 'feeling hot' at high altitude climbs (above 5500m)?
Why might a larger peregrine falcon chick take longer to molt than smaller siblings?
How do they tell the sex of Peregrine Falcon chicks?
What's the difference between the Norwegian fjord and the Scottish sea loch?
Choosing a kayak for a 5'9" 300lb man
Climbing-line "rope-thimbles", unsure how to utilize these (got several 1/2" 'steel rope thimbles' with my climb-rope!)
What is the Leave No Trace way to dispose of coffee grounds?
Has an excise tax on rock climbing/backpacking/hiking gear to support conservation ever been proposed in the US?
What's is the Leave No Trace way to dispose of loose tea leaves?
Ultra-light camping setup for solo-backping in the Uintas
Why is it bad to use your whole foot in rock climbing
What is the strongest knot using a steel-thimble to make a steel-eyelet at the end of the line?
When would docks on Chatfield Reservoir be least busy with boaters putting in and taking out?
How much vegetation is represented by the green on USGS 7.5 minute topo maps?
What temperature rating of sleeping bag, season of tent and R value of a pad are needed for autumn camping in Norway?
Dog-friendly backpacking trails in Northern California and Southern Oregon
How to tell the difference between Lesser and Great spotted Woodpeckers?
How do I know when it's time to replace my climbing shoes?
Is there an easy way to remember if you add magnetic declination to magnetic bearings or true bearings?
What is the v-notch on top of the “Clickup” climbing belay device for?
Using roof rails to set up hammock
How to make sure that your arrows are flying straight?
Are T-Tracks the same size on all brands of roof rack crossbars?
What is the standard barrel length used for calculating the velocity of ammunition?
Trekking in Russia similar to Kungsleden
Need Help Identifying a Birdcall (Sierra Nevadas)
"Large" eye of tie-in knot: dangerous?
Where can I find nature in Sweden, like that of Abisko?
What kind of toad is this 2.5 inch yellow with brown spots a and a white back stripe?
What makes for good locations to go magnet fishing?
Why is oilcloth made with linseed oil?
Birds not eating Nyjer (thistle seed)?
What's an easy way to fasten/unfasten to bind two horizontal poles?
Hot coffee brewing solutions for deep woods camping
Require advice on power conservation for backpacking trip
Why aren't (poly-)cotton tents more popular?
When, and how, is it safe to relocate a burrow of chipmunks without harming the young?
GSI and similar plastic camping cookware: safe to use over fires?
How can my neighbor encourage chipmunks to move away from her front-yard flower garden?
Is leather superseded as footwear material?
Where to hike near Indianapolis? Looking for rocky terrain/elevation changes
Is there any evidence that the small canisters (10 liters) of 95% oxygen actually help with altitude sickness?
Mimosa Pudica (touch-me-not) medicinal uses and edibility
What is this white, ribbed, box shaped object attached to a somewhat-remote tree near Lake Chelan?
Is there any reason to avoid sunglasses with blue lenses?
Transition from ascending to descending a rope
Finding fuel for a Trangia stove in Russia
What should I do when I find a dying dog?
What kind of spider is this half dollar sized brown one with a darker brown body and a lighter brown strip down its back?
Tioga Pass (Yosemite) Day Use Opening Timeline
Emergency Call Madagascar Satellite Phone
Tradeoffs between different stopper knots
How to trap and relocate raccoons?
What to look for in eco-friendly sunblock?
Is it OK to throw pebbles and stones in streams, waterfalls, ponds, etc.?
How much time/distance on average does it take take to break in hiking boots?
Is the Battery Life of the Garmin InReach Mini enough for a 2 week trip?
What features should I look for in a trail camera?
Why did backcountry camping at Canyon de Chelly collapse?
What are these red, air-filled, pod-shaped pieces of vintage outdoor gear?
How do I use these lures from a basic fishing kit?
Can I make a safe climbing-anchor with a 2-ton working-load sling that was meant for lifting vehicles?
Looking for Century Model 6210 Portable Toilet Waste Tank Drain Thread Size
How would a sea turtle end up on its back?
Is there an app: remind me when I get back here
Daily distance estimation AT Maryland
Does a Mammut Smart Alpine belay device go well with a Black Diamond Gridlock carabiner? Any other recommendations?
What kind of berries are these purple and reddish with crown looking tops?
Do I need protective measures against wild animals in Yosemite National Park?
Redundancy in rappel systems
How to tell whether a particular pair of sunglasses will effectively protect your eyes?
What is this purple box symbol on an Ordance Survey map?
Uses of a rabbit in a survival situation?
What are the strongest knot(s) for using on FLAT webbing slings? (joining and bight termination)
When slack lining between trees, how big should the tree trunk be if the line is 15 meters, person is ~150 pounds?
Can excess sweat dissolve shoe stitching?
Can you shoot and eat animals such as deer and stuff on England or is that specified as poaching?
What's the minimum possible gap needed to tie a slack-line between two trees?
Feather found on chicken coop
Is a slackline, ratchet, and tree protector alone enough equipment to setup the slackline?
Slackline vendors/ brick and mortar stores in MD
For beginners, what are the advantages and disadvantages of using a training line along with a slack-line?
Sailing rules within three boat length circle
Filtering fine silt/mud from water (not necessarily bacteria etc.)
Latex-free first aid kit
Does an outboard motor impeller go bad if it isn't exercised regularly?
Is this tick or spider?
What to look for in climbing shoes?
How to escape a cave in an emergency situation?
What types of ropes are there for multi-purpose camping that are strong?
Where to insert slackline into ratchet?
What are effective trekking-groceries in terms of energy/mass ratio while maintaining a healthy balance of carbs, fats, proteins and vitamins?
What equipment do I need for overnight water trail in a kayak?
How to belay top-rope climbers who are ascending quickly?
How do I tell if a glacier is safe for crossing?
Why use string walking in archery to change the distance of your shot?
What are known failure modes of the auto-braking mechanism of Grigris?
What can I do to be more visible to other ships’ radar when traveling in a sea kayak?
What is this plastic net with a wide middle and bottom that looks like an upside-down flower hanging from a tree?
How do I make and test a radar-reflecting hat?
Cargo capacity of a kayak
Impact of throwing away fruit waste on a peak > 3200 m above a glacier
What should I look for in a spinning 22lr target?
Can a Gri-Gri work if the cam is prevented from engaging?
Using paddles to support a bug net
How well do mosquito clothing patches work?
Knee injuries prevention using knee protectors
Do polarized prescription lens also protect against UV?
Why don't rainforests and jungles smell like rotten corpses?
How carrying a backpack affects spine?
What is this tiny round shiny black bug that bites?
How to remove butter stain from raincoat?
Why are we moving in circles with a tandem kayak?
Will beginner notice a difference between lower and higher middle-end stand up paddle boards?
Boots or trail runners with reference to blisters?
What is this top guide hole on my fishing rod?
What to consider when choosing between rigid and inflatable stand up paddle boards?
What is the term for completing a climbing route uncleanly?
Navigation device with offline maps and GPX support
How tall of a paddle is needed for standup paddle boarding?
Backpacking with incontinence
How do people drown while wearing a life jacket?
How to win against ants
Post-hike Care and Pain Relief for Blisters and Hot Spots
Birds singing and dancing on telephone wire
What percentage of campground outlets are GFCI or RCD protected?
Is a soft board or a hard board better for a beginner surfer?
Why does a manufacturer recommend normal detergent instead of wool detergent?
How to touch up scratches on a black anodized aluminum flashlight?
Does bottle color affect mold growth?
How to progress to harder graded problems?
Does two puncture wounds mean venomous snake?
Minimum amount for Survival water
How on the web or on this exchange can one find homemade / modified / custom wilderness technology?
Is it safe to carry propane gas cylinder in minivan?
Keeping your butt dry in a kayak
What type of Sunfish is this?
Are Italian mountain huts accessible when unstaffed? Do I need a key?
Choosing a backpack size between small and medium, which is preferable?
What weather conditions would lead to lightning strikes before sunrise?
Differences between Fjällräven's men and women backpacks
How to protect yourself from horses?
Transition to "Starvation Mode" in Survival Situations
First Time Skiing - Only my feet were freezing
Cycle of actions and voice signals on a multipitch climb
Effective black fly repellent
Fact or Fiction: "If you want to keep your feet warm, wear a hat." (and the various explanations for it)
What species of spider lays their eggs in the flesh of the person they bite?
Knot to tie handle of a bag
Where to buy running shoe sole replacements?
Is there a utility / method to organize trad gear so that each piece is immediately accessible?
Why don't climbing professional use all their fingers on small holds?
What happened to my sunglasses?
Systematic and random error of GPS or barometric altimeter. How to optimally use GPSMAP 66s?
Is the wood of edible sumac poisonous?
How can I pack my food so it doesn't smell?
Sleeping solo in a double sleeping bag
Most practical knots for hitching a line to an object while keeping the bitter end as tight as possible, without sag?
Could I have problems / obstacles with obtaining petrol / gasoline for a stove
When do insects normally hatch from insect houses?
Sea fishing rod all rounder
Is it worth it to switch from Osprey Atmos to Exos to save weight?
Garmin inReach vs. overcast sky
How to wind-proof an existing tent
How can a team of 2 or 3 safely traverse a narrow, exposed snow ridge?
What do I call this hat(?) with sun protection on the sides?
How can I determine which flashlights have the maximum regulated output for the longest duration?
Fishing reel line capacity
Will a PLB (Personal Locator Beacon) work overseas?
How is an attempt defined in sport climbing?
Most practical knots for a bend (tying two ropes together) while pulling to create tension?
What to look for in a spotting scope?
UK Puffball Identification
Catch and eat the Fish UK
Do sharpies or markers damage soft rock climbing gear?
Black Bear Deterrents
Why deleted - How can I tie flashlight to car's passenger side mirror?
When clipping into quickdraws, is it dangerous to pass a finger through the gate?
Is belaying with a hip belay unsafe?
How hard is the East Buttress route on El Capitan
Is "survival" paracord with fire starter strand dangerous
How can I store milk for long periods of time?
Can you identify this large brown spider with particular markings in Charleston, SC?
What to look for when purchasing a ~70m rope for canyoneering?
Long distance hikes with small children
Is there an optimal strike indicator color for fly fishing reflective, tumbling streams?
Why do hydration bladders top out at 3 liters?
Can cornbread be fed to ducks?
How do you determine where to cast when fly fishing bigger, mostly featureless rivers?
