How to deal with a teenager who wants his parents to buy him everything his friends have?
Encourage pre-schooler to keep room clean
How to deal with the toddler when me and my partner are not on the same page?
Why is it important to support a newborn's neck?
frustrated and confused- my 5 yr. old is acting out and nothing we do at home seems to help
Bed gets wet nearly each night although diaper is worn
How do you address the bullying at the daycare your child tells you about?
How to tell if a 4 year-old child deliberately postpones urinating until the last possible moment?
Is a Do-It-Yourself baby monitor a bad idea?
Ways to automatically swing or rock a baby
How to handle post traumatic stress with my 6yr old daughter?
What to do about anxiety when going to school?
How to control a class of 4 year old children?
Can contact with cat feces be harmful for pregnant women?
How can I successfully breastfeed my premature baby?
What can I do to bond with my premature baby?
Coping with gestational diabetes
My 13 year old is sexting need advice
How do you help a seven year old navigate life and friendships in a region where your beliefs vastly differ from the beliefs of the larger community
Three year old gags when he tries new foods
How do I get my 5 year old to be more appreciative and thankful for what she has?
Intentional infection with Toxoplasmosis before getting pregnant?
Things to do while breastfeeding, other than watch TV
2 weeks old, sleeping, crying, eating
Ideas for Dealing with a Master Staller
How can allowing children to participate on Halloween be helpful in reinforcing good habits?
What are appropriate boundaries between siblings?
How does one teach kids about how to handle "Stranger Danger?"
Problems with napping and temper after night time weaning at 11 months
What to do with many painted pictures/ handicraft work
What is a baby sling and what advantage does it have?
How much should a caretaker push for mannered greetings and farewells from a pre-schooler?
How do you help a child with nightmares?
How do I help children who think they don't need to know math, still learn math and have fun doing it?
How can I help my 27-month-old, who doesn't sleep at the designated nap time in the afternoon anymore?
How to deal with the infant who has got an eyelash in the eye?
If a 4 year old is afraid to swim is it better to keep trying or wait?
How do I wean my 2 year old from requiring holding my hand to sleep?
Evidence based guidelines for front or rearward facing pushchairs/strollers?
How to deal with my 6 year old son who misbehaves at school and home?
Why did my pre-schooler suddenly develop an odd accent?
Getting a 7-month-old baby to focus (a little) while eating?
2 year old has very runny stuffy nose for 4 months
What's the long-term effect on a child being accustomed to sleeping with the TV on?
To Socks or not to socks?
Different discipline approaches by working mommy and stay-home daddy
Does a child's resemblance to a parent affect attitudes of other family members?
What diseases are caused by bottle feeding and how can they be prevented?
What kind of spoon should be used to feed the infant who is used to be fed by the bottle?
Should a teether be given to an infant? If, yes, then at what age?
How do you know when to wean?
How does one pace the weaning process?
What language should we teach our child if our native tongue is different from the local language?
Washing and disinfecting a Pack 'N Play
Relatives' son is awful. What is another option?
How to teach a child to "see the forest"?
How can I keep my newborn baby warm during nappy change?
How can I deal with my son's refusal to go to school?
How long should we wait to go for the first stroll
Does my newborn sleep too little?
How can a dad be both a mother and father
How can we counter cultural gender stereotypes?
How thoroughly should a newborn girls private areas be cleaned?
Diapering a 7 month old that is almost ready to crawl
Is carrying or cuddling a newborn a good way to soothe it in the long run?
How long can a newborn girl bleed from her vagina?
Is blood from an injured nipple harmful to the child?
What can I do to get my wife to be more involved?
Sharing parenting/custody duties with an ex-partner
How do I avoid cracked nipples?
Once a mom has developed a cracked or chapped nipple, is there anything she can do to lessen the pain?
What does one do to alleviate the discomfort of mastitis?
My 4 year old son always keeps something besides him when he sleeps. Is that normal?
My 4 year old son always takes away any new book or magazine that I read. How to deal with it?
How to make my stubborn 11-year-old son study and take care of himself when physical punishment doesn't work?
What are healthy ways to help my 7-year-old in developing a thicker skin?
At what age do teenagers begin to masturbate?
Some strategies for maintaining adult relationships separately from children?
Effects of multiple new relationships (and the single parent) upon children
How damaging is it for children to witness their parent's sexual activity?
How and when to disclose to children a parent's suicide?
How to make my 2-year-old sleep through the night and not wake up as soon as I'm away?
What can be done to encourage grandparents to be equitable between siblings?
Should we always ask to have urine tested when we go to urgent care?
My teenager doesn't care about being grounded - what now?
The school has assigned reading I feel is inappropriate for my son to read. How do I approach this problem with the school and with my son?
Now that I'm working, my milk production can't keep up - What can I do to increase it?
Baby weight after 1st month
Skin turns blue after long crying
Unusually agitated and constantly sucking two-week old
How much of my prior drug use should I disclose to my tween daughter?
Newborn has a red rash on her chin
Methods for reducing or coping with sleep deprivation
Boy Crazy at Seven
How can I help my ten-year-old not be traumatized by the deaths of characters in books?
10 month old won't nap
Is it normal for a newborn to develop pimples?
5 year old only wants to poop wearing a diaper but refused to poop in toilet bowl
Babies and math concepts
Rough Nose is Painful to wipe - what to do?
Introducing Shakespeare
How to cope with GERD in an infant
I'm not happy about the new seating order in my class
What is normal for 4.5 month old sleep patterns?
How can we keep our infant safe from small Lego pieces?
My daughter just told someone the other day she doesn't know any Native Americans how do I get rid of the stereotype?
How to help my 5.5-year-old, who doesn't speak fluently and never listens, take an interest in reading and talking?
Stomach damage/sickness long after pregnancy?
How to make sure my dog and daughter have a safe relationship
All of a sudden my daughter thinks she isn't reading well, because sometimes her fluency slows
When do girls usually start shaving?
How to teach a child a foreign language at home when both parents aren't native speakers of a different language?
My daughter hates all pants other than her sweats?
Feeding Baby while Traveling
Considering Fostering - How would this effect the child I already have?
Birthday and Christmas on the same date
Teaching my daughter her pets are not toys
What to tell the child that says, "Mom, is Santa really real?"
How does one help the third child have activities of "his own?"
Is it okay to leave a 3 year old alone to nap for 1 hour and 45 minutes if she isn't napping?
Three year old gets up hours before it is time - what do we do?
Sensory Processing Disorder (SPD) in toddlers: What approach should be taken to treat it?
How to put a newborn/infant to sleep to bed without waking her?
Babies and blood. A innate knowledge?
How to help a child not be afraid to struggle with things that are easy for her older brother?
My son sleeps too much
How to help a precocsious child understand her opinion was not requested
I plan to send my child to mission school at 4+, should I send them somewhere else before then?
What should my wife eat and drink during pregnancy?
when do children start answering questions ?
How do I deal with my out of control 3-year-old?
How to keep our 15 month away from the fireplace when she thinks it's a game?
Is Video Chatting Bad for Newborns?
How to Teach That Following Rules is Not Always Good?
First keyboard: Qwerty or Dvorak?
5 yr old son behaving sexually
Trying to be the best stepdad I can be.
When the three year old tells two unmarried, unrelated adults to hug and kiss goodbye - What then?
How fast does the prenatal swimming reflex disappear?
Does a child need to apologize and how should I react while it does not?
How can I alleviate my 34 month old little girl's fear of poo?
Two year old still takes a bottle of milk before bedtime, should I wean her from the bottle and the milk?
What do I do with my husband?
How to help a tomboy not dread puberty
How do you disinfect toys?
What can I do to help my child have confidence when in new situations?
How to prevent or heal chapped cheeks in a toddler?
How can I find good lullabies for my child?
Don't touch my hair!
What's a good way to encourage a toddler to blow their nose?
My 3 years old doesn't tell me when he needs to use the bathroom
Helping my Whirling Dervish to slow down
Why do toddler boys love trains and cars so much?
Properly suctioning mouth of infant with bulb syringe
How can self-consciousness be taught?
How to successfully start the infant on semi solid foods?
Should I tell my 11-year-old daughter that Santa isn't real?
16mo still not walking, I think it's my fault?
Kid screaming after waking up in a car?
Parental Control for Internet?
How do I get my toddler to stop waking at 4am?
What are some good natural teethers?
Loud Screaming to attract attention
Baby does not sleep on her own
When to transition to letting the baby fall asleep on its own? Is my baby ready for sleep training?
When a child only gets enthused about books above his reading level
Toddler started to not fall asleep anymore
How can I explain New Year to a preschooler?
How do I convince a stubborn 8 year old that the parents are supposed to be in charge?
How do you respond to your pre-schooler when they tell you that you're on Santa's Naughty List?
We are beginning the process to foster and adopt a second child, how do we temper our first child's expectations?
Sleeping duration for a toddler
How do I babyproof an electrical baseboard heater?
What to do when an eight-year old says "sorry" in a not sorry voice
What do you say when your child says "You're mean!"
When is a child ready to start playing with bricks?
What can I do if my 4-month-old baby didn't get enough milk while breastfeeding?
How long is it okay for a baby to remain on just breastfeed?
When do baby's gas pains usually go away?
Are there automatic dripping milk feeders?
How to make my 2-year-old son stop being violent towards his older sister?
How to make my 32-month-old regain his interest in eating when he starts to lose weight?
How to wean a parent from co-sleeping?
Is 4 years old too young to expect them to try to handle their own social situations during play at home?
How can I teach my infant to start sucking bottle teats instead of chewing them?
Is it safe to breastfeed an infant while being pregnant?
Ego-centric kid or control-freaked mum?
Counting out of context words?
Discipline for a 3 and 5 year old
How to break the cycle of lies?
How to teach civil rights to children who don't know about racism?
How to resolve blocked milk ducts after weaning
Good routine for a 5 year old
How old must a baby be to be lifted under its arms?
Should we put siblings in the same kindergarten group?
How do I do my daughter's hair?
What do you do when a kid finds every excuse imaginable to avoid doing homework and chores?
I am not sure how I can help my girlfriend. Looking for some guidance
Simple, wooden, not painted or colourful toys, bricks?
Is my 10-year-old just playing up or is it a warning sign that self harm is starting?
How to stop parents from interfering with my love life?
How much water should be given to an infant producing hard stools?
9 week old started fussing during evening nursing
How to help a 2-year-old waking at night?
My pre-schooler is out of control, and I feel like my parents are undermining my relationship and authority with her
Are there any effects from lying to your children?
Don't know what I feel toward my parents
Strategies for difficult bedtime routine for young toddler
How to decide which stroller to buy?
Toddler and Reading
Nursery & Preschool and Schools (UK)
When is it safe for a child to start boxing against a bag?
How do I make sure kids don't run on the stairs?
Alternatives and/or weaning for late-night milk formula
As a grandma what can I say if my daughter sits and watches her 4 year old hack at her hair
How do I address a teacher humiliating my son by calling him a "tattletale"?
Socialization strategies for a new stay-at-home Mom
Should I let my toddler sleep late when he is ill?
The rules at a friend's house are a lot more lax than at mine - how do I enforce basic safety?
Cursive Handwriting for Lefties
Coping and overcoming a rational fear
Suggestions for a 5 year old who can't sit still in her chair?
How to help an overscheduled toddler as a nanny?
Car seats at the front
Suggestions for helping a 5 year old boy with horrible behavior
How to identify whether a 7 months old baby is waking for a feed out of habit or need?
one year old eating and drinking very little
What's the process to select a School?
Should we add a team sport (soccer) specifically to an already pretty full schedule?
Extremely fussy and refusing to sleep 12-week-old
How do you find apps that a 2 year old can use and enjoy?
Travelling with three little ones without a car
Is it okay for my child to be a "latchkey kid"?
Why do some parents have a favorite (or least favorite) child? How can this be avoided?
Do we NEED to help a baby learn how to self-sooth? And how long can it take?
Does a group of girls naturally split at the age of 10-11?
How to inspire more creativity in play?
A 14 month often old waking up in terror for weeks
What toys to start with for a 2-year-old?
When and for how long should a baby and one-year-olds be allowed to cry?
What are some evidence-based techniques for speech therapy?
How to teach a child about eavesdropping
Parent's in law who can't be trusted to baby-sit want to - how do we figure this one out without hurting them?
Our toddler boy likes to arrange his toy cars in a line. Is this normal?
How can a three month old go to sleep - everything's so interesting!
How talkative should a three month old be?
Preventing motion sickness in a baby on a plane
When do twins know their own names?
At what age does a baby recognize themself in a mirror?
How does one go about determining if a child, adolescent or teen is capable of understanding a given book?
At What age does a child generally recognize their shadow is their shadow and will do what they do?
Mastering a foreign language without staying in a country to which the language is native
What is the best approach for teaching toddlers not to drop items off the table at meals?
5 year old cries every time she is told "no"
Daddy daughter travel trip?
When (if ever) is it appropriate to spy on your teenager's texts?
What kinds of presents for 0-6 year old children?
How to help a 3-year-old with vicious temper to express his emotions in a healthy way?
Deep cut in index finger of 19 months old baby - how to re-bandage?
What kind of walkers are available and what are the pros and cons of each?
My Fussy 14 month old REFUSES to eat any type of food at home EXCEPT her baby bottle!
At what age can children prepare their own meals?
Is my 2 year old's speech on-par?
Is it normal for a five year-old to be put in detention repeatedly for not being able to sit still and be quiet?
How do you get a 7 month old to keep their hands soaking to treat Paronychia?
Is it normal for a 3-year-old to always lay down when playing?
Regression in sleeping for a seven month old - is that normal?
Is eating boogers a problem? (and how can I respond?)
How to keep jaundiced two-day-old awake during breastfeedings?
How do I help a child overcome Severe difficulty with Task Initiation?
How to teach my daughter to get the shampoo rinsed out of her hair throughly?
What can I do to get my 5 year old to have respect and self control?
What's a good way to cut bread into tiny pieces?
How to wash Phil and Teds sports buggy?
3-year-old sleep issues
What exactly is the problem with the Television?
Typical order of learning movements for a baby
8 year old sleep
When will my boy be able to tell me about his day?
How to get a 2-year old to take prednisolone
What role do imaginary friends play in a child's development?
How should I prepare my son for preschool?
How do we balance our expectations for our children with allowing them freedom to pursue their own interests?
Finishing their plates vs eating later
How to raise a child such that she has high self esteem throughout her life?
What's the harm if I let my infant drink all her semi solid food through her bottle til she turns one year old?
What is the best way to stop your newborn hiccuping?
I am vs my is - when do children develop this bit of language?
How do you differentiate between allowing the child to disagree with you and letting her get her way?
Why are parents so concerned about not letting the babies sleep with them?
Are crib mobiles helpful to infants?
How to deal with the child who is embrassed to see her parent in her school because the parent can't speak English?
Strawberry flavor yogurt melts for a 6 month old?
What to do when 14mo suddenly hates sitting at the table?
How to help a 7-year-old who is stuck on the wrong answer?
How to help a child not copy her older sibling's behavior
When will we know if our child is left- or right-handed?
Adopt before giving birth, or give birth before adopting?
Why does my wife say our son is so cute that she wants to eat him?
Is handedness predetermined genetically?
How can I help my 2.5-year-old better love his dog?
Is it safe for a pregnant woman to be around someone smoking "e-cigarettes"?
What should one do when their teen thinks smoking e-cigarettes is cool and safe?
How does a parent cope with an opposing disposition to his/her own?
How do we encourage musical aptitude in a two-year old?
what's typical for birthday parties in the USA?
How to make our 20-month-old sit in the bath instead of kneeling?
Can I let my 5 month old fall asleep after playing in his crib?
best age to start a daycare
What should I be teaching my 18 month old?
Any video baby monitors with multiple receivers?
The UK ministry of education's website for verifying an international school's accreditation
Is there an age before which you should avoid the concept of death or dying?
What's the cleanest way to change a diaper on an airline flight?
10 year old child talks way too fast. How can I slow her down?
At what age should a child's self-involvement begin to decrease?
How can I talk my son through his competition anxiety?
Gifted child at gifted school still dealing with behavior problems
9 year old son brought a toy gun to school – how can we get him to understand this isn't just about bringing a toy to school?
Keep son from touching his dirty genitals
Raising children in corrupted country
How to deal with a teenage daughter who refuses to dress modestly
How can I reduce feeding jealousy with my twins?
When can I start "doing the air plane"?
Encouraging a 3-year-old's interest in minibeasts
How can I get my toddler to drink more water?
How to teach a toddler to identify colors correctly?
What's the right (average) age to transition from Duplo to Lego?
When should my multi-lingual child start kindergarten?
How can we explain our "cry it out" strategy to people who oppose it?
Five-year-old fever: what's the cure?
What standard questions should one ask when interviewing a nanny?
Why do infants like stitting at the table?
Why do my children ask "Are you happy with me?"
My daughter (2 1/2 years old) started to put her hand in her mouth about a month ago. How do I try to wean her from this behavior?
How to deal with Encopresis in primary school?
How can you offer other parents suggestions without making them defensive?
How can parents avoid making decisions based on nostalgia?
Parental "Wow" as a reaction to trivial child achievements
At what age do children notice the absence of a parent?
How to talk to parents about death?
First solids and food allergies
8 year old son, misbehaving at school. help!
Memory foam top covers and mattresses
If you are using time outs, how do you deal with a toddler asking for them
Are there drawbacks between reading stories from ebooks rather than paper books?
Should children of incarcerated parents be told the truth?
Are boys naturally drawn to balls more than girls?
How does one separate parent from playmate?
Talking to a highly defensive young person
My 9 year feels I publicly embarrass him
How should you deal with (deliberate) selective deafness?
Should parents of young children set an example of socializing by using Facebook?
My 2-year-old doesn't want to sleep through the night and drinks 5-7 bottles per night
7 Yr Old Using Violent Language During Play
What are the tradeoffs to consider between monitor systems with dedicated screens and mobile-based ones (iPhone, android, etc.)
How should I respond to a parent who's upset their child wasn't invited to a (small) birthday party?
Is citrus fruit safe for babies?
How can we help children learn to handle online freedom?
Enforcing minority languages at home
Can I prepare baby cereal in advance?
Son bites to defend himself. What can I do?
Are incentives (toys, candy) a good idea to help facilitate potty training?
What's the most efficient way to dress a toddler?
Dealing with teens and pornography?
How can I teach my children to intervene in situations where they can help, without risking becoming busybodies, know-it-alls, etc
How can I help my daughter's depression?
How to encourage a toddler to swallow his food?
How to deal with children succeeding because of their parent's efforts rather than their own?
Is it OK for my children to eat solely carbs and fruit, which is what they want
What is a healthy, ethical way to deal with a nanny cam?
Preventing jealousy from starting?
How to help my 11-month-old fall asleep again after waking?
Road trip with a 3-year-old
How can we ask our 22-year-old son to leave?
How do I get my 5 year old to focus in school
What steps to take when a classmate of my 33-month-old bites him?
Is there any upside to talking to young children about racial or ethnic groups?
Can toddlers be taught to safely navigate stairs?
Does a late evening snack improve the odds that a child will sleep well?
What should be encouraged? Indoor games or Outdoor?
How can I get my 12-year old physically active or into sports when he's never been?
Toddler Pooping Problems
Can "The Giving Tree" be explained in a way that isn't an unhealthy lesson?
How do I define 'rape' to an 8-year-old girl?
How to help a 4-year-old who is afraid because she doesn't know yet what she will do when she's grown up?
How can we confront our pediatrician about not washing his hands?
What's an effective way to deal with toddler transition tantrums ("I don't want to stop yet?")
How can I explain "adult beverages" to my preteen?
6yo wears down people by dawdling and endless discussions - how can parents help?
How to tell prospective nanny about camera monitoring
Is behavioural optometry a real thing?
Preventing toddler from climbing up the stairs?
Eight month infant not sitting on her own in full control
How often should I defeat my children in games?
Best homemade nutritional babyfood for an infant in the 8 months to 1 year range?
Restarting baby-led weaning after an actual choking
Visual stimulation videos for infants - good or bad?
How to make an infant stop biting the nipple when breastfeeding?
6-year-old son's behavior differs from school and home
Sun Bathing to get Vitamin D for infants
Do you need to boil bottled water
What potty training goals should I use for my son's reward chart?
food feeders can be used for baby lead weaning?
3 year old child acting out for some reason
My infant has started walking -- when should I start making her wear shoes?
What things would possibly indicate I should see a doctor about stomach worms?
I've taken all of my 13 year old daughter's possessions, and she's still disrespectful
How do I help my 5-year-old daughter solve problems instead of crying
Is it fair (or adequate) to ask a 4 yr old to stop crying for some reason?
Could it be ADHD?
Asian growth charts
Is walking barefoot bad for my child's health?
Classmates choosing soccer tournament over my sons birthday party
How to gain weight for one year infant
Need help with snacking/catnapping 5 month old!
Single Working Mom Wishes to Homeschool Child
6 month old baby sleeps 30 minutes in a stroller
How do I teach a younger child to wait, or earn, future reward?
Understanding why my baby is fussing
Can too much water lower the level of an important minerals? In 11 months toddler?
How to get a new born to sleep?
How to properly clean the ducks and his friends?
How to help my wife cope w/ being a stay-at-home mom
If and how to childproof USB outlet for a 2-year-old?
Potty training 20 months old, doesn't know when she needs to go
Four year old does not play with toys
Just found out my 13 year old girl is Bi and dating a 17 year old girl in an "open" relationship. Huh? Now what?
What are some reasons for a toddler to have very inconsistent (frequency and texture) bowel movements?
How to explain to a 9-year-old why a relative is not welcome
How to deal with "no"?
Is it common for a toddler to cry when things are not in order?
Is it appropriate for a 3 year old to play with a 9 year old?
What's the best way to respond when parents have kids put a helmet on a kid's head in a way that doesn't help that much?
Interactive tablet games for infants
My child is ignoring my timeouts and walking away from them. What are some options for handling this?
Child has been copying aggressive behavior...hitting adults. What should I do?
Baby have acid reflux
26 month old son keeps hitting us when he is upset.
Custodial arrangements in co-parenting: frequency of transfers from one parent to the other
How to deal with cussing from our 10-year-old son?
Why does my daughter smile and start to laugh at me when I am noticeably really angry at her?
Established methods to help fussy/picky eaters at late primary age
Is it worth sending a kid to a Montessori school?
What is a safe but useful temperature to set your hot water at?
Unusual crying behavior
Is having a sibling better for a child?
"Natural consequences" where they don't happen?
How to prevent my 2-year-old from being bullied by our roommate's child?
At which age does it make sense to see a professional when suspecting Asperger?
Should I let a newborn sleep when it's time for feeding?
When can I start to let our son play with his friends unattended?
Caring for three under three: In what ways can the father help?
Problem with baby stool
How do I teach my girls to deal with disappointment in friendships
At what temperatures can infants be naked?
How can I stop my 5-year-old's violent tantrums?
My 15 month old has started pulling her diapers off after she goes peepee or poopoo
How long does it usually take to fully potty train a little boy?
Do all video games really have to be moderated?
Teaching my 10 year old son appropriate bathroom manners
Social media etiquette - adults friending child's friends
How to deal with my teen daughter who is stealing and lying?
How can I teach my son to behave nicely in the playground when other children make it hard?
20 month old boy quit staying in his bed at bedtime
How do I help my wife be more engaged with our child in the mornings?
How to help my 8-year-old daughter cope with being unable to execute something new other than crying?
How do I help my cousin solve puzzles with me without being upset?
Discipline hyperactive 3 year old
Teaching children how to fight back
Is it common for a 3 month old baby to drool and suck their fingers?
How to keep a sick infant fed and hydrated?
How to explain racial stereotypes in classic films
8 month old wakes up crying for 2+ hours after 30 minutes of sleep
Pros/cons of having two kids' birthdays on the same date
How do I deal with my mother who is not supporting me, probably because of her grandchild?
How to deal with homework/studies frustration?
Why is our three year old fixated on... 'Dark' things?
Worried sick about 3YO and aspergers
What is the smarter way to position 3 carseats on my car?
What age to teach a child about fairness?
Giving tea to infants
How do you manage an aggressive child?
Sizing a convertible car seat for large infant
Any dangers associated with learning piano too young?
Is it common for a toddler boy to wiggle his fingers in front of his eyes?
How can I tell if my son is big enough for a car booster seat?
How can I help a preschooler who refuses to sleep?
How can we teach my preschooler to not interrupt?
Does good cop/bad cop work with children?
How to increase the durations of sleep between awakenings at night?
my daughter learned how to open doors-now refuses to nap/stay in her room-ideas?
How to encourage the baby to learn to crawl?
Is assisted crawling with an infant safe?
How to change an active child's diaper?
How can I get an 11-month-old I care for during the day to take a nap?
Child suddenly saying things like I'm not his friend
How to deal with visiting a household with very different parenting techniques
Too many car trips with toddler
Encouraging older brother to play with younger brother
Encopresis: how can we encourage our child to clean himself or ask for help immediately instead of ignoring the dirty underwear?
What is cranial osteopathy?
How do I deal with acute cases of "stay at home envy"?
Is there any research on whether punishing more for lies is effective?
Already in growth phase?
At what age is it OK in USA to hold a birthday party at home instead of a party venue?
What is considered to be a safe age to be a babysitter?
Lazy Eye in Infants, Preparations for Seeing a Specialist
How should I handle "he/she told me to do it" excuses from siblings?
How do you handle poor sportsmanship from other parents during your child's sports events?
What are good approaches to lessen fear of insects in a child?
Is it a good approach to have a policy of apologizing for yelling at a kid?
Why does childern cries all time
How do I deal with a child waking up at night and starting to read?
What are lightweight/mobile options for safely transporting an 11-month-old in a car?
Strategies for getting toddler to eat more iron
At what age can a child learn to use scissors?
Is it a good idea to move babies arms to teach them how to reach?
Are there any health risks in earbuds for pre-teen children?
Should I be concerned that my three year old son tries to manipulate us?
Recommend an odor absorber for a diaper pail
Is it normal for kids to constantly hum melodies?
How do you correct slang or other improper grammar in a pre-schooler?
Regularity of teen reproductive cycle?
What are the downsides of "I don't listen to things said in language X today" response used as a tactic for forcing a second language?
Should I rinse cloth wipes once baby starts solids?
Three year old able to poo in the toilet but still pees in his nappy
Fear/interest in thunder and lightning
Why is the due date different in France than in the US?
How to make my parents stop interfering with my life in every way?
When can I introduce different music?
Are there any benefits to taking a bath over taking a shower for a child?
How can I deal with no-socks situation at night?
Paternity Leave, How much does the Father need to be home?
Infant and a lazy eye: Should I be concerned?
What's the etiquette for birthday invites for younger siblings?
How can I encourage my child to eat "spicier" healthy food?
How old really is my child?
How can I encourage 5 year old to kick the ball?
What are good strategies to deal with a child getting distracted during meals?
My son is 8 and is still soiling his pants and doesn't care
Is it dangerous to microwave formula if I swirl the bottle and test the temperature afterwards?
How to extract child from busy place without physical restraint
Are there any benefits or downsides in "flexible" food time?
What are the good approaches to gamify for kids of elementary school age?
Is this strange behavior for a 5-year-old?
Is it a good idea to give games that are multiplayer to a younger kid as a birthday present?
Help! My 7 year old won't go to bed early, or get up early
What do you do when neighbor children that you don't know start coming over to your house to play with your kids?
What are good ways to help my son sleep without breastfeeding?
Should I teach my child a second language?
How do you handle present overload?
Best way to handle bad or inappropriate present?
My 5-year daughter likes to play baby
How to deal with parent's (grandparent's) extreme political views?
What is an age when bedwetting should be referred to the doctor?
How do you do tummy time?
Are boys fussier than girls?
For the benefit of the child: what's better - no father or bad father?
Taking a 12 week old baby to the swimming pool for the first time
How do I determine if my child is ready for a specific book?
How can I help another parent realise their parenting approach is 'wrong'?
What walking distance is acceptable for a 6-year-old?
My son wants to bring a present to a birthday party where "no presents" was specified on the invitation
How to handle unending questions that the child can answer themselves based on rules?
How long did it take your baby to like daycare?
Toy diversity and learning
What are the effective durations of punishment at various ages?
Do some baby's eyes produce water more than others?
4 months Infant is swallowing hair
Responsibility, Real Choices, and Consequences
How to help a child overcome fear of heights
Are there any concrete citations for the range of expected costs of raising a child?
3.5 month old wakes up from nap after 30 mins and will only go back to sleep by feeding
How should I teach my son to play video games?
Wi-Fi baby monitor with local and remote viewing
How do I convince an elementary schooler to always tuck his shirts/tshirts into his pants?
How do I approach my 13-year-old daughter's confusion regarding her sexuality?
Why would a child love and always attempt to wear a dress shirt an a tie?
My 4 year old boy will not sleep!
My daughter is having sex with guys 10 years older than her; what do I do?
In case of swallowed medicine, call poison control or 911?
My 7 year old daughter is the team cry baby...how do I help her stop?
How to deal with one twin's success and another jealousy?
What should I look for in a crib?
My teenager son is addicted to video games
Is it preferable to have "sex talks" vs "all the time education"?
What would be a reason for a child with good reading skills to "pretend-read" stuff?
Gaming for Kids
Non-judgmental all round parenting of a child: Any resources?
Teaching a toddler swimming fundamentals
What are the signs that a baby is too hot?
How do you deal with a spoiled niece?
How can I help my son develop a social life? How can I prevent him becoming socially isolated?
How to approach mother about moving away from home?
My daugher has Nightmares but can't remember them
What should I consider when choosing a bicycle for a 5-6 year old child?
Should we wake our baby if she seems distressed?
What are the factors for deciding at what age to give a child cell phone?
How important is a diverse diet for a pre-schooler?
What can I do to prevent two well-behaving siblings from turning into a maelstrom of destruction when combined?
Understanding the idea of "fears" as a young child
How to deal with my 12-year-old son's calling me lazy and ordering me around?
How should I handle an 8 year old lawyering and quibbling?
Is there any research on pros/cons of allowing young kids to participate on social online networks?
Should I really be insisting that my daughter finish eating her meal?
Are there negative consequences to breastfeeding a baby that is older than our newborn?
How to comfort our infant with fever?
What are the steps parents of an introverted teenager can take to help him to socialize with girls?
Is there a proper age for a chin up bar?
Do we have a recourse against an anonymous parent making our child's life harder?
If I bought a present for a child, gave it to the parents and later they have a birthday party, do I get them another gift?
What to do when a 3-week-old newborn won't take a pacifier?
Should I stop my mother in law visiting when she doesn't respect me as the father figure?
Is it okay to listen to rap music with violence and swear words when you're with your 7 month old?
How do I get my pre-teen to stop asking to watch a TV show/movie?
Should I get sunglasses for our baby?
How can I stop Cyber Bullying and prevent this in future for my child?
Should we force our slightly-autistic son to have hobbies (other than "computer usage") which will allow him to socialize more?
Four year-old likes ripping things
How to protect my children from cyber-bullying
Choosing a surname for child of unmarried couple
How to inculcate concentration for 5 yr old kid?
When to adopt a stepchild?
Is there any health risk from play-sand that's been left wet in its bags for a week?
What are the effects of teacher job share on pupil attainment?
Travelling when baby is young: bring them or leave them?
How can I make noisy toys quieter?
How long should my newborn baby be in a car seat
Why grain/cereal mash + fruits for infants?
What is the recommended daily allowance of each food group for 10 months olds
Explaining to young children that a parent needs some "me time"
Should I keep giving toys back to my infant when he's deliberately dropping them?
How often do you take a teenager with glasses in for a vision checkup?
Get along with other kids
My almost 5yr old son won't poop in toilet..about to start school
5 year old child causing problems at school
3 year old, potty training and binky separation anxiety
Is it normal for a 2-year-old boy to show no interest in social interaction and talking?
6 Year old troubled by waking nightmares and bad memories
Is there any benefit of pushing your child to go to school each and every day?
4 year old steals toys from baby brother
Potty Training my 20 month old boy
What are the merits of TV vs DVD?
Is it necessary that an adult sit near a newborn baby in his carseat?
How can I help my daughter stop puking in our car?
Which holes to hang the springboard from on Graco Lauren Classic Crib from Target?
Abusive behavior of 12 years old son
What should I do about my pre-teen son messaging older girls he's never met?
Is my baby short for her age?
What age do children understand magic
How to persuade my father to stop physically abusing my mother?
What to do if my new-born child urinated into own ear?
How does Elimination Communication work?
How do I get my primary-schooler to love learning?
Napping and early waking?
Would switching to a Waldorf kindergarten be worth the potential stress to our active pre-schooler?
Baby started solids and stopped pooing. When should I be worried?
Why do toddlers hide while having a bowel movement?
How can I make sure my infant doesn't get injured on my collar bone when he suddenly jerks forward?
How to help our 13-year-old whose leg muscles atrophy?
Will smoking weed during first week of being pregnant be harmful to my baby?
Long Car rides with teenagers
How to get my son to sleep earlier
Is there a formal term for a "I'm not your friend anymore" trait?
Help - taken legal guardianship of 16 yr old sister who is moving in but already staying over with boys etc
Should I force activities on my child?
Infant turns in her sleep, is that a concern?
Correlation between study time and eyesight problems
Is jogging an appropriate activity for a pre-adolescent child?
High pitched screaming before sleeping
Is it safe to have your baby sleep next to you in a tent?
In the USA in the year 2014, does the law forbid children from being out and about without close adult supervision?
Why is my 2-year-old not responding to simple commands?
How to help a 3-year-old, who is resisting bedtime very aggressively, sleep at night?
"Secret" correspondence with a child
How should I deal with a 3 year old storming off and sulking over minor incidents
Pre May 2013 Tripp Trapp differences?
Normally well behaved 5 year old is starting to act out
planning babies in a quick succession?
Teens concerned about impregnation through clothes
Is it safe to take a baby under 6 months old to an old folks home?
Helping a child independently make logical connections
My 13 year old son has a friend whom he brushes off but yet my 11 year old son really likes
My wife wants a 4th child but I don't
30 year old granddaugter in lesbian relationship and I was told about this by her 5 year old child
The toddler isn't bothered with the bland food. Should I be bothered?
How to encourage the toddler to not to be frightened of the dark?
7 month old is waking up frequently to be picked up
Tandem nursing infants of different ages
Is milk powder left in a hot car going to go bad?
Are there any car seats recommended for tall children under 40 lbs
How to help a seven year old with unrequited love?
What is a fair way to punish a sibling who unintentionally erases another's Saved Game?
How to potty train my 3-year-old, who likes to sit on the potty but doesn't go?
Is it ok to let my 3-month-old sleep through the night?
2 yo sad when I leave for work in the mornings
My 6-year-old has angry outbursts, possibly related to a newborn sibling. How can we help her?
My baby buries her face on the mattress before sleep
Is my 7mo ready for solids?
Is a Set Bedtime Appropriate for Teens?
How strongly can a 1mo be rocked?
9 month old with an imperative to sit
When do parents in Turkey typically introduce food to their babies, and what kind of foods do they typically start with?
Baby doing flips and flopping around constantly while breastfeeding, is he ready to be weaned?
What to do about our 2-year-old always running off?
How do you explain to a very sociable 5 year old about strangers?
Writing from the bottom up
At what week will the doctor be able to determine my Baby's Sex
What week does baby start listening?
Older sister grabs whatever her younger sister holds
Move into own room at the same time as sleep training?
What safe ways are there to get a baby to sneeze?
From what age is it safe to install a life hammer in my car?
9 month old waking several times a night.
Destructive when unattended
Till what age will an infant keep waking to nurse each 3 hours?
How to handle a fussy baby?
Poop-training and cleaning up
How can I assuage my pre-teen's fear of flying
What type of pillow is best for a pre schooler?
How are pregnancy ultrasounds administered?
Going hiking with an infant - how to prepare?
How to make my 1-year-old really chew food and not just for a second and then swallowing it whole?
How to know if 12 month old is talking
Disney, Dreamworks and Pixar: What is the appropriate age to start showing their films to a child?
How to stop my 6-year-old from his aggressive behavior of spitting, biting, abusive language, and scratching?
Daughter is 11 and really upset that she may be lesbian
My 3 year old daughter no longer wants to sleep in her room, wants to sleep ours and I don't know why
Why does my child cry when her parents laugh?
Does excessive laughing while pregnant cause any harm to my baby?
I struggle with paternity testing the potential father of my 2-year-old son. Does a child have a right to know who their father is?
My four year old is out of control
6 year old son gives money away (to parent, relatives, friends)
What to do about my 6-year-old who misbehaves regularly and doesn't pay attention to punishments?
What should I be aware of when introducing 7-8 year old to Harry Potter book?
My 1 year old daughter suddenly stopped eating food
My 10 month old uses high pitched screaming to get what he wants...how do I change this behavior?
Stepdaughter trouble
How to teach tact and empathic understanding based communication to an INTJ (overly honest) child?
Is it better to separate twins in the kindergarden?
Throwing parties for teenagers
Is cryopreservation of sperm worth it for non-emergency “personal backup” purpose?
Potty Training 2.5 year old - Regression?
How to react to my 9-year-old excessively pouting and trying to get away?
How important is a settled/repeatable routine for a 1 month old
Effects on children and parents of marriage breaking up
Hoarding food in mouth
Need suggestions on how to deal with my 5 yr olds defiance and aggressiveness
How do I get my father to stop making everything about him
potty trained 2 1/2 year old wetting the bed again
Why does my toddler refuse to let me sing to her
Letting a newborn sleep - bassinet or full-sized baby bed?
What are suggested ways to deal with a "distracted" 6-year-old?
Trilingual child: How to make toddler more confident to speak third/local language?
Frequency of visits of in-laws
Till what age are frog feet a normal issue?
How do you do nap time if some kids want to be rowdy and others need to sleep?
Getting grandparents to accept parents' choices
How can I teach my 5yo son to respect authority?
Why do children become active when tired?
How can I show my appreciation for my wife?
Disadvantages of having 2 children (1 year apart) in same school class
Son 22 asks me how to deal with a friend with benefits, so that she does not get hurt
baby burying his face into stuffed animals
Is it safe to blow on a baby's face?
Why does my baby like wires, and what can I give her instead?
Should I worried about my son's development? Or maybe my son's right brain is dominant?
Fast swinging or rocking
How do we break the cycle of misbehavior when trying to discipline our 3-year-old?
What's wrong with Dr Seuss?
How old should a child be to start creative writing?
How do I address lack of tact in a 4 year old?
How does a woman prepare her body before becoming pregnant?
How to deal with the toddler who is not least interested in listening to the stories I read or listening to my talks?
How often is it okay for a kid to become ill in kindergarten?
What challenges exist in raising a child in an apartment?
What is good way for me to learn how to suppliment my child's education? is almost 5
Daughter is reluctant to participate in proposed family meeting. What kinds of objections do you anticipate she has?
My wife wants another baby but we are already grandparents! Help!
Why does TV/video aimed at young kids contain so much songs and music?
How do I help our 3/yo go through stress
Dangers for children that adults might reasonably ignore themselves
Is rewarding hard work for chores with money necessarily a bad idea?
How to bring my 10-year-old, who is convinced that she can go to heaven, back to reality?
My Granddaughter is 8 and is having trouble sleeping. She seems to have a lot of unfounded fears and I am worried about her
How to encourage a child to self-edit and take criticism positively?
How should I help my 9years old son to get back on TAG program
My 3yo is extremely susceptible to mosquito bites
My 11 yr old has some irrational fears
How long should a pediatric dental cleaning take?
Can eating fruit snacks cause behavior problems the next day?
Should I let my child play with gun toys?
What to do about my 7-year-old being too picky about food?
How much should you buy for your child to keep up with their peers?
Is it wrong for a parent to partake in screaming/dominating competitions with their kids?
Is one entitled to give parenting advice when they've never had kids?
When to start teaching reading
How can I make my 3 weeks old to sleep on his own?
What to do about my 6-year-old acting up at school?
Is plane flight safe for a newborn?
Selective mutism- helping a little girl feel comfortable in my esl class?
Risks of suffocation when the baby starts turning around
Should children be preemptively taught about drugs, alcohol, and sex?
Repository for scientific evidence in parenting
Dealing with gassy children during practice?
How to help a 2 year old go to bed alone
Should I choose a language immersion or regular school for a child with below average language skill?
Handling strong need to protect family
Is there a benefit or harm in letting a 3 year old control her own bedtime routine?
Should I use "pet names" when talking about (private) body parts with my child?
Caring for the Children of Deceased Parents
How to handle a 1-year-old pointing at and wanting things?
How does one deal with excessive timidity in 8 year olds? Is it even excessive
Using and not using a car seat for transporting between car and building, how do I get a infant from the car to a building when it's freezing outside?
How to stop my father from physically abusing me
How to discipline 2yo who still does not talk
How should an infant refer to its biological father and step father?
How can I help reunite my mother and little brother?
Are bribery/threats effective and are there alternatives?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of letting the child experience the effects of his decisions?
Extrovert child forcing his company on others
Should Disney princess movies be avoided?
How to teach greater attention and the ability to delay gratification?
My twin Daughters are very different in size!
Which is the best formula for gassy babies?
My Niece is treated as an Outcast by her own Parents
Is it too dangerous for my 2 years old son to watch YouTube on the iPad for hours?
At what point are children developmentally able to understand long periods of time?
Why am I sleep deprived?
What are these? Received from children's centre in free pack
Is it right to go the cold turkey way when babies cry?
Is my 14 year step daughter a bad influence on my children?
I'm pretty sure I'm bound for the mental asylum
Suggestions for a 5 year old girl who has trouble focusing
How to tell my teenage stepdaughter to not leave her sanitary pad open in her room?
Why is infant development derived from their age?
Establishing bed time routines?
How often should I take my 18 month child out of home
How to deal with my teenager step daughter's rebellious behavior?
When my 4 yo has to do something he doesn't want to, he completely blocks communication with moans/cries/wails. How can I get him to respond?
How to cover base heaters corners
how can I train my 10years old nephew to be responsible
My 4-year-old keeps telling me she peed herself but she's dry?
How to resolve the conflict when my wife wants another baby and I don't, at all?
My 2-year-old son supervises me after asking me to do something for him, does this suggest lack of trust?
My step daughter shook my baby
How can you turn back the clock?
Baby sleep associations - how important are they?
When disciplining that used to work no longer works for a middle childhood boy and q preschooler girl
How to teach my 3.5-year-old to turnover in bed?
9 month old baby girl sleep habits
Why does my 12-month-old baby bite herself?
What factors should I consider when deciding to let children fly unaccompanied?
Should a 5 year old excuse themselves after farting?
baby reflux problem
Should I expect my 20 year old son to get a job while at University?
One Year Old Son, Cries with Mum but not me (Dad). Is it Separation Anxiety?
Best age for watching "Once Upon a Time..."-like series
How do you explain to a 3-year-old what Halloween is?
How to decide halloween costume for babies?
In Rural India; 14 yo daughter broke her friendship due to her feelings on homosexuality. What to do?
Teaching and enforcing moderation when a kid is given too much junk food
Encouraging independence
What are reasonable expectations and reasonable ways to be supportive for an young adult with a sleep disorder?
4 years and 9 month old is shy when away from parents or grandparents
Some games and playful ideas for a father to do with his 4 year old daughter?
Sleep in booster seats
TV shows for toddlers that don't teach bad gender and race dynamics
ADHD-friendly occupations
Co-Parenting with a Toxic Ex: How to Handle Poisoned Comments from Toddler?
Challenges of being a step-father
6 year old is acting out with family
Where can I find my car seat instruction manual?
Where should boys aim their urine?
Toddler wakes up after hour of sleep crying
How to constructively play with a one year old?
When can we start giving chocolate, honey and eggs to babies?
How can I deal with with other people's children taking items from my one-year-old?
Parents' experience of leaving water warts (molluscum contagiosum) untreated?
Making the child finish their food even if they are already full
What are some good "dad jokes"?
On what surface should a baby crawl
Babysitting vs Childminder vs Playschool for 1-year-old twins
Visitation issue
Encopresis, I'm at my wits end? Does anybody have suggestions?
How long can a newborn (2 week old) sit in a carry me
Open gifts at birthday party
How does food influence production of urine during the night?
Baby takes so long to wind, is there a solution?
Explaining mental illness to children
Which is better - a Minivan or a SUV - for a 4 kid family
Assertiveness for 6-year-olds
At what age does bed-sharing become detrimental to a child?
Why would a child choose to sleep on the floor?
Is it okay to call children naughty?
How to make young kids become more involved in meal planning and cooking?
How to implement natural consequences to make an 8-year-old stop being rude to a sibling?
How to help (and bathe) a toddler who is terrified of the plughole in the bath?
Teaching the details of etiquette and table manners
What can I do about 3 year old holding in pee all the time?
7-year-old can't sleep
My wife is pregnant and I don't want to be part of it, what I should do?
6-year-old bed wetting
8-year-old refuses to blow his nose
Bat mitzvah party invitations
Questions about "Peaceful Parent, Happy Kids"
Why would a 15-year-old just stop talking. Like 'Selective Mutism'?
What to do if my one year old won't chew her food
Sudden fear of swimming!
Why don't my twins sleep for a longer stretch of time?
Child worse than tattling she lies
How to help our 9-year-old, who struggles with math, to focus?
Should we get her a doll?
Why is my 6 day old newborn not pooping everyday
My son wants to learn to ride a motorbike. How can I discourage him?
how to help my 4 yr old son to recognize alphabet and numbers?
Younger sister blackmailing parents
Keeping one year-old out of the kitchen
Which way is correct to keep your kids on the right path: love or strict discipline?
How can I address toddler's fear of water over her face?
Why is a 7 year old always suggesting catastrophic outcomes?
How to teach a child to swallow pills?
How to immediately correct a (gross) habit?
Can giving a book that is too advanced for the child put the child off?
Does Tongue-tie really affect talking?
Hard and painful stool in infant - is this normal?
my 2yr old cries at daycare during drop off time
Sympathetic Adults
My children like to fall asleep to music, what product will turn itself off after an hour?
How to answer someone who says, "What he needs is a good spanking!"
Infant of 10 months refuses milk and water
7 year old demands to go to sleep at 5:00 pm
Should breastmilk be discarded if mold was found in the breast pump filter?
Healthy 10 month old baby bouncing himself while standing - will this injure his hips?
My 2 year old is a bully!
Son (22) has to keep initiating contact between son and parents after moving out
Can a punishment be devoid of any "violence"?
Visiting a third world country before meeting a newborn
How to advise a 9-yr-old girl to stay away from boys but not hate 'em?
Vaccination doesn't cause autism, but what does?
My 4 year old daughter refuses to eat!
My sister thinks her kid can "swim", but he can't breathe in the water. This is DEFCON-1 danger, right?
Has this crib been recalled? Should I not sell it?
My 9 month old's sleep schedule gets mixed up
Helping a child cope with a parent's relationships
Device to prevent child from loosening harness release of car seat
Behavior advice to prevent child from touching harness release
potty... what am I doing wrong
what to do when the father makes poor personal choices (not necessarily a bad father)
20 yo daughter left home to live with a "bad" girl - what should I do?
It it ok for a 15 months old to fill her mouth with food?
Toddler does not like to drink milk
Daycare provider says that kids with dietary restrictions cannot eat at the daycare
How to keep a 21-month-old safe, who has learned how to climb out of his crib when angry?
How to be a step-mom to a troubled (or hurt) 5-year-old?
Why are women taught to relax as much as possible during childbirth?
What to do about 1 year old boy who keeps pulling hard at his penis and scrotum?
Building self-esteem while encouraging a tidy, acceptable appearance
My stepdaughter wants to go to California to see her girlfriend
When will I feel the same attachment for my next child as my firstborn?
Should I be concerned about my 2.5-year-old daughter nearly always picking the colour black?
How to stop my 2-year-old son from stealing his sister's bottle?
Are my parents to break my relationship apart?
How to help 7yo boy who lost his best friend (relocation far away)?
Looking for Baby Monitors with Mobile App and Device
Why is my 15 month old boy crying excessively in the afternoon
How hard do I burp my baby?
Baby turning during nappy change
My 12-month-old baby wakes up at 5 a.m. every morning. What should I do?
Extended family not catering for baby's routine
Toddler going to sleep very late
6 yo smothers his food in sauce -- how can I change this?
3 yo still asks about my ex
Baby screaming every night with fit in his mouth
How to make my child cough?
Working mother but unemployed father
All in one car seat and pushchair that lasts up to 4 years
Non-nutritive sucking during feeding?
Very Concerning Sleeping Cycle
3YO and twin babies: car seat configuration in 2011 Honda Pilot
How to approach the mother of the twin toddlers I babysit about their seeming developmental delay?
How to escape vicious circle of dawdling - no outdoor activities - conflicts ...?
How can I get my 4 month old to sleep longer then 9-10 hours a day?
Baby cot furniture concern - toxins / volatile organic compounds
How to get a 17 year old son to realize that laundry is not that hard to do and to do it on a regular basis?
How can I help a child stay motivated in learning to program?
How can I help my child who is advanced in programming to meet others at the same skill level?
1 year old baby won't eat in day, drinks milk all night
My parents don't understand how I eat so much (food quantity required for a teenage boy)
How do I make my son listen to my discipline, not my mother-in-law?
What to do about a 3-year-old child not speaking and not interacting with people around him?
How to approach of a child suffering from a potential sleep disorder?
16 month old, former good sleeper, now screams entire nap
Is the "Happy Xmas (War Is Over)" by John Lennon song and video suitable for a child?
My parents never believe what I have to say or believe in me (trust issues around amount of effort being put into schoolwork)
Best jigsaw puzzle's size for 5+ year old girl
1 Year Old Wakes Up Screaming Multiple Times A Night
2.5 years toddler who refuse to open eyes for hours
My 7-year-old is "in love" with a girl in his class. How should I deal with this?
Can crawling too early due to over-encouraging parents have detrimental effects?
What to do about my 3.5-year-old refusing to nap or sleep?
Are children harmed by the awareness of their parent's sexuality and sexual activity?
What constitutes a Birth Plan
How to include Dad in breastfeeding process?
How long does breast milk last after taken from the fridge?
Building a better relationship between half siblings for a more unified home?
How to deal with my 12 year old's rebellious behavior?
Securing books from toddler
List of emotions to teach
Is a LATCH booster seat used without LATCH any less safe than a LATCH-less booster seat?
Sleep Training giggles
Stop a 14 month old from hurting the dog
4 year old daughter starved for Dad's attention
4 year old afraid of swimming
How do I help a stressed out 9 year old sleep?
Preparing quality bedtime stories
Consequences of smoking marijuana during pregnancy (especially first weeks)?
How can I prevent my 16-month-old from climbing up to desk?
How to help an 8 year old with short attention span and obsessive character?
Can newborns get used to the sounds of a language in the background?
My 4 year old daughter has suddenly changed her speech
What to do when 18 month old doesn't want her dinner?
Do I force my son to speak to his semi-absent parent?
15 month old - developmental activities? Dealing with night terrors?
15 month old keeps smashing his head against walls, cupboards, bed and also screaming extremely loud very often
Delayed speech for 3 year old
Why is the handwriting my son does at school so poor?
Are there resources that provide collections of good math training activities?
Can lack of sleep be harmful for newborns?
Risks and benefits of natural birth
Is there any Good homeschooling program that has curriculum based on Encyclopedia in USA?
How can we get our 5 year old to behave during eating, without us nagging all the time?
How do I handle a 10 year old girl "in love"?
My son has not started speaking properly, now he is 1 yr and 10 months
Is it bad to pretend the spoon is an airplane to get a child to eat?
Is our toddler ready for potty training - potty training regression
How to handle separation from former classmates at the start of a new term, when your child was the only one in a different class?
What can we do to get my cousin's 8-year-old to behave, instead of destroying things and blaming others?
What level/type of exercise is safe during pregnancy?
How can parents help an adult child with OCD?
How can I prevent my parents' divorce?
How to make my 5-year-old focus on the task-at-hand?
Do negative thoughts affect a foetus?
Regaining the trust of my toddler
What is the average cost difference per year to raise a infant before schooling?
Learning to play an instrument: Should we insist that our child practices each day?
2-and-a-half-year-old child refuses to take her food
Teen secretly playing video games when should be doing homework
Maintaining contact with a one year old in a long distance situation
At what age is it best to teach a child mathematics? At what pace?
Do I have to 'push' during birth?
Should I praise my oldest child infront of their siblings?
How to make my 2.5-year-old daughter, who has lost her appetite, eat again?
Potty training my 22-month-old son
Feeding my baby milk that I stored from when he was 3 days old and on
How to get a 15-year-old started with a computer?
How should I act during conflict between my child and my spouse if I dispraise the child's behaviour?
How to keep our toddler in bed
How to deal with extreme misbehavior of younger siblings?
My 14 year old daughter is overly resistant when I advise something
Minimum age required for jacuzzi bath
Should I invite non-parent friends to a 1-year old birthday party?
How to give a medicine with really bad taste
Suggestions for 16month old who cries horribly and bangs his head when put down for a nap
Morning sickness symptoms
Toddler injured nose while playing
Helping a child with selective mutism
Suitable music festival where children can be taken (Big Chill replacement!)
For developmental milestones, should the age of my preemie son be measured from his birth date or due date?
Just found out pregnant and smoked marijuana
Strong Grandmother Attachment
How do I dissuade my three-year-old from saying he doesn't like a parent?
What does it mean to "teach a child as teaching an adult..."?
What to do about my 20-month-old daughter not sleeping through the night?
How harmful is a kid's habit of crossing the toes?
How can I instigate or spark an interest for math to my 14 year old daughter?
How do I teach my son to manage his anger when he is unwilling?
Is early education for 2-3 year olds worth it?
How to explain your absence to 4 year old
What activities stimulate the same areas of the brain as jigsaw puzzles?
How to help my son to resolve the problem with school bullies?
Should I allow my child to participate in dangerous sports?
Should I cut my child's dad out of his life?
How do you handle "materialist" behaviour?
1 year old stays up late at night
What should we do when our 15 year old wants sex with his 13 year old girlfriend?
My sons biological dad moved 6 hours away and wants to split commute times
How to stop the toddler from *deliberately* throwing things out of the balcony?
Toddler cries when bedtime comes
How much ipad time do most kids get?
How should screen time be treated to balance the pro of education resources on the internet and con of decreased involvement in other activities?
Woman: Afraid of infants/newborns
Cause and cure of silly behavior in children
Do a parent's big expectations become a burden on the child?
Should a precocious child be prevented from devoting too much time to their primary interest?
Is 15 years old too old to ground for bad grades?
How to cultivate perseverance without being overbearing?
What should I do if my 15 year old son is sexually interested in younger boys?
At what age does a child's moral compass form?
How do I instruct my openly defiant son?
How to get 4 year old to stick up for himself but not turn into a bully?
Help 8 year old is very lazy and does not focus
Should you pick a baby up everytime it cries?
My 3 year old will not fall asleep without me in the room. How can I break this?
How to help a breastfed, 4-month-old child with constipation?
How to stop my preschooler from constantly running away
Baby eats less than it should - is it something to be worried about?
How do I motivate my ten-year old to take responsibility and to do his best?
Could you recommend some suitable martial arts to teach to a child for self-defense?
How do I deal with rude or uncooperative siblings?
Suggestions to fight bacterial infection
At what age should my child sleep in his or her own room to greatest decrease the risk of SIDS?
How to care for a new born - where to find a comprehensive guide?
Constipation problem in two months pregnancy
What should I do when my parents drain all my energy?
How to protect babies from mosquito bites?
How and when should I tell my son that his amazing father isn't his biological father?
How can I decide whether to continue studying or become a stay-at-home mother?
Should I force my 4 year boy to play sports or activities?
Should I allow or forbid my son to visit the education of a religion that I do not share?
Re-flattening a warped puzzle
How can I help my one year old transition to sleeping in crib?
What to do when a 6-year-old expresses suicidal thoughts?
What can cause colic on dairy formula and not on breastmilk?
Ways to shield a child against religious indoctrination/pressure?
Flight travel during pregnancy
How can I prevent my 9-month-old from taking my glasses?
What can help a seven year old boy cope with night terrors and being constantly afraid?
2-year-old does not speak
nearly 2 years old son fears characters, dolls and someone knocking on door (bully niece)
2 year old rarely eats food, needs bottle and milk and drinks a lot of water
Should I wake a newborn to feed?
Can Prozac stunt a teenager's growth?
I am 20, too scared of my father, and I no longer feel safe. What can I do?
14 year old daughter has a boyfriend and I have heard reports of inappropriate behavior from her friends
How do I stop a twitching newborn waking itself?
Is there any way to limit distress when diaper changing for newborns?
How do you handle the boomerang effect with Teens?
Where are the majority of children on the Autism Spectrum?
my 11 year old boy started craving white milk. Is there a health reason for that?
How can I encourage my teenage sister to have political efficacy?
How do you raise an intelligent and happy daughter in a sexist world?
Is organic whole cow's milk better than "toddler milk" powder for a 1 year old?
Dealing with the psychological consequences of punishment in parenting
Short naps and frequent night wakings
Would enrolling a 5-year-old in pre-school be okay or slow down his development?
Potty Training: Child Refusing to Cooperate
How to communicate effectively with my 17-year-old daughter? And how to make her appropriately wary of strangers?
How can I handle a situation with a faulty, cruel teacher that does not like me and takes it out on my child?
My partner let my children be around a pedophile
Where can I find solid, responsible advice for parenting in a marijuana legal community?
Does too much or too little exposure to infection affect long-term immune health?
As a teenager, how do I communicate with my mom about her yelling?
Kids (ages 4 and 6) only listen when raising my voice, tried everything, what am I doing wrong?
My child stands in one spot in his room and moves his head side to side for long periods, is there a name for this behavior?
What else can I teach a 2.5 yo child related to reading, pattern recognition, and memory?
Is non-professional homeschooling detrimental to children?
Thumbs splitting from changing nappies & repeated hand washing
My kid doesn't express her hunger
How to make my 1-year-old stop slapping me and other people in the face?
Drawing the line between abuse and "roughhousing" a teenager?
How do you slow down a newborn's feeding?
My son has been offered money by a classmate, if he would pull down his underwear
How to spank in public without having everyone around you assume you're a child abuser?
How can I help my son be more independent with his homework?
How to keep a toddler occupied at the hospital or doctor's office?
How do I get my 17-year-old under control when I raise him alone and his behavior is unacceptable?
When is corporal punishment abuse, really?
My 1 year 3 months daughter wakes up crying suddenly at night.
How can I help my preschooler develop empathy?
When my kids don't get along; what are some options besides punishment that can be effective beyond 5 minutes?
Transferring a sleeping infant from my arms to his bed
What are the stages of child speech and language development?
Daughter and school dress code
My newborn won't sleep
Could alternating between courses be harmful to my child?
How should I conduct a proper timeout?
What are the pros and cons of using dessert as a motivation for kids to work hard?
How to prepare a toddler's sleep habits for the disruption of a newborn?
How do I convince my daughter to agree that I want to quit my job and not strain our mother-daughter relationship?
Is this bullying? Are we overreacting/under-reacting?
Working at home and breastfeeding?
How can I make my kids passionate in science while being religious?
What impact does narcissism, not NPD, have on modern parenting?
Pacifism vs. Standing up for yourself
How long do you need to use a hot water bottle to warm an infant's bed?
At what age will babies start resisting sleep?
How to wean our almost 3-year-old off his teething ring?
Dealing with overprotective parents - is there anything I can do?
How can I convince my 28-month-old it's ok to poop?
Negotiating a shorter school year in a US public elementary school
Intensive father son bonding suggestions needed
How to nurture my child to be fearless
How to deal with rat and mouse, and fox, wolf, and jackal in story books?
My 2 and half year old niece does not trust anyone else besides her mom and dad
Our babygirl doesn't say mommy
Teaching a third language to a bilingual toddler
How should I handle a little boy who likes girls' toys?
How to nurture my child to be cautious of her actions?
Can I insist my daughter to be non beliver in religions?
I don't want to be a father
8-year-old girl very keen on her uncle and not on her aunt, a matter of age?
Sleep training while teething
7yo step-son runs away when he thinks he's in trouble
Ferber method advice
Divorce communications - How to deal with "you're unwilling to pay" tactic?
How do you explain to a five year-old what energy is?
Explaining Thunder/Lightning to a preschooler
Why is my 7 year old son still having accidents in his pants?
What can be done to extend the fertility of a woman?
What are the health risks of having twins (or more)?
How to get a toddler to let you know when he needs to go to the toilet
what is going on with the 2 mo old morning struggle?
Is it normal for a 9 year old to cry and throw a fit when his daddy leaves?
I grounded my 16 year old son for 1 month because he got detention every day. Is this a fair punishment?
How to teach a teenager to stay patient and polite towards abusive people and when to become more aggressive?
My 4 year-old says she doesn't love her mom
Preventing anti-STEM bias especially with girls
Marking silicone nipples
Should a 4 year old be made to quit crying every time she cries?
Coaxing a child to perform her best
Adjusting to boarding school
How can I tell if my toddler is truly gifted or just bright?
9 year old crying?
Do high stress moments affect a fetus?
Bringing babies to bar?
How to effectively balance respect for authority with independence and self-determination
How can I better recognize the point where I've talked too much when disciplining and it's becoming counterproductive?
Is there an effective method for cleaning butts?
Keeping toddler within the rules when an adult member of the household doesn't wish to enforce them?
Actual date of conception
Dad makes little effort to see his daughter - to what degree should I encourage contact?
How to make my 14-month-old, who cries everyday at night even when being held, become comfortable with going to bed?
Suggestions for a father daughter activity that explains me omitting my son
Is it a parent's responsibility to remember their 6 year-old child's coat as they leave their home to go to school?
Toddler is a real glutton with sweets
How can I support my student's learning with limited funds?
Why does my toddler cry when I try to put her down for bed, but not when my wife does it?
Confused 5 year old
Is alcohol transmitted through breastmilk?
My 14 month old granddaughter doesn't talk, and she doesn't seem to understand.
My 44 month (4 months to 4 yrs) daughter is having HUGE trouble going POOP on the potty
Two year old indecisiveness
How do I deal with my 12-year-old who is smoking?
Bottle sterilizers and their effectiveness
Which things should I watch out for when buying sunglasses for a 1-year-old?
5-year-old tantrums and misbehavior - what am I doing wrong?
How to help my 1st grade daughter with her reading comprehension?
Can I avoid nice clothing being a source of argument?
How to get help for my non-verbal toddler who can get screamig fits?
How should I answer when my granddaughter asks about her absent mother?
Can children be educated without a family by professionals?
Not so sleeping beauty at 4 years old
Baby girl won't pee in cloth diapers
I want to expose my 5-year-old daughter to boys and girls toys equally, but she just turned her nose up at Star Wars. What do I do?
My son cries for 30-45 minutes when told "No"
When to teach children to use search engines?
What are the (dis)advantages of dormitory life versus living at home through college?
What food kids love to eat the most?
What's the father's role in forming attachment?
11 year old son searching for porn
As a babysitting aunt, how to bond with misbehaving, mean-spirited children?
Why would you lie to your children about Santa?
My 3 year old is not sleeping through the night
Can a wish when thrusted upon a person from childhood become her own wish?
Our 6 month old baby moans continuously
can I give my 2 month old baby alternative milk from market
At what age is gender identity developed?
At what age can children start being influenced by gender stereotypes?
How do I convince my eleven-year-old to practice her dancing?
Should I encourage siblings to compromise and collaborate?
Baby boy, preterm birth weight 1.5 kg, needs development help at 18 months
How to use Band-Aids for childhood injuries?
How to help a child overcome their fear of mascots?
Is ignoring a 3-year-old a good or bad disciplinary measure?
Explain Pre-Teens and Teens the problems of a surveillance state and internet privacy
Does using antibiotics increase the risk of a child getting recurrent ear infections?
adult child refuses to discuss his future. parents are moving, and he has no plan
Are there other foods to avoid giving infants/toddlers besides honey?
What is effective, non-toxic method to clean vomit from a carpet?
Is excessive crying in front of your child bad for them?
16yo works TOO MUCH?
Why does my toddler cry when I go out of the room for a short time?
At what age we should tell our toddler to not kiss everyone who asks her to?
When should I teach my toddler the ABCs?
How to drop the night feeding for a 3-month-old?
Tackling visitation
Infant has trouble falling asleep
While on vacation, how can I balance toddler's needs with parents wants/needs?
What do you do when your child's teacher changes their seating assignment?
Is visiting museums worthwhile or beneficial for a toddler?
How to get your toddler to ask nicely for things when they're grumpy?
What's an easy way to do macaroni art with a toddler?
How can I help my kids prepare for a long-distance move?
Should an adult pay rent to his child?
Should I stop taking my prenatal vitamins?
potty training at night
How can a parent get help with the expense of a child?
How can I tactfully ask that people refrain from giving religious items at a baby shower?
How to build self-confidence / reduce social anxiety in a 7+ yr old boy?
Fast feedback loop activities for primary-schoolers?
Boys have crush on my 6 year old daughter
Explaining death and dealing with mourning for a pre-schooler in an atheist family with religious extended family?
I don't feel accepted at home
Why does 2 hours in front of the TV make my kids grumpy?
how should you deal with siblings or cousins that are sexually active with each other?
What to do about my 12-year-old girl out of control and threatening to call the police?
Mom as kindergarten teacher of her own child
Should I try to protect my son from hearing that his father wants nothing to do with his two boys?
How to encourage children to 'reign-in' their enthusiasm + socialness
What are the reasons for and dangers of dieting?
Does safe bed-sharing increase the risk of SIDS?
My baby screams all day long, non-stop, as loud as he can, and he finds it extremely funny
What if the father of my children has not seen or talked to his kids in over a year?
Swaddle for energetic infant? Or am i thinking this wrong?
Do newborn stocking caps help skull shape?
My one year old daughter keeps waking up same time every night screaming and crying
How can we help our son deal with his girlfriend's emotional issues?
Are there any studies about effects of microwave ovens on human breast milk?
Baby Girl Stretching
How to reduce Online Game Addiction?
Does eating onions while breastfeeding adversely affect the flavor of the breastsmilk?
How to make my 11-year-old boy more responsible?
Should I tell my 10-year old son, how screwed-up Cinderella is?
Does expressing or pumping breast milk during engorgement affect supply?
How to handle baby waking up while sleep training
Small amounts of water mixing with breastmilk
How can I help a ten year old girl not to be frightened of feeling sick?
My 15-year-old daughter is having sex with her boyfriend who is a drug dealer
My daughter cries when I tell her "no"
At what point should I choose to have a c-section?
divorced parents from different states moving together but separately
9 month old watching Telly
Using 123 Magic -- getting the door closed
How can parents bring up children with multiple languages at the same time?
What are the pros and cons of having an advanced student skip a mid-elementary grade?
How can I help three year old understand I can't actively play with him for a few days?
How to control and stop my 1.5-year-old's violent behavior patterns?
How to deal with a 3-year-old very high energy child as a single mom?
My step son is being treated for ADHD and we are not sure if he should be
What to do about the incestuous relationship between my daughter and her cousin?
How to please my girlfriend's stepfather?
How to create learning opportunities for the toddler who is already *extremely* interested in books?
How to manage to get more time for ourselves when we have Kids?
How will my toddler pick up one language which seems harder than the other?
My 13-year-old son made a foolish and wasteful donation. How can I teach him he was wrong?
Short naps and infrequent feedings
Can I fit a coccoro combi car seat on an Uppa Baby stroller cruz?
Why should I be hell bent on educating my toddler when she's going to learn the stuff anyways when she grows up?
How do I make my son wear his glasses?
Dealing with parental alienation syndrome (PAS) when the child is younger
Is there a good online mathematics curriculum for elementary through high school?
Wrist tendonitis from carrying babies
When do children's immune systems become as effective as adults?
My 16 month old son knows only a couple of words
At what age does the child start understanding the difference between the spoken words which have different meanings but sound same?
How do I tell my Mom I'm Agnostic?
When do children become aware of time?
How can I teach my kids how to shop for groceries effectively?
How can I reduce back pain from lifting or holding my child for too long?
How to let children believe without imposing my religion?
My 7.5-month-old often falls off the couch or bed. Is this dangerous or normal behavior?
How to get an infant to burp?
Is a (classic) GameBoy appropriate for my 1 year old son?
How do you get your kid to lay in the crib?
Structured reading coaching
Do children start believing in fairies and magic after being read from a book? If yes, then how to respond to "but the book says it is true"?
Should I force the toddler to speak the words and sentences which she is finding difficult to speak?
How to deal with the story books which indicate stealing to be okay/good?
How can I get my son to keep time during school time?
8 month old won't drink anything
Parenting with a formerly abused partner?
Can I use canola oil to treat cradle cap?
How different cultures teach kids about sex
What is a good physical activity for a seven-year old who loves falling down?
Activities to show to my children that the body is 70% water
How much should a 26 y.o. adult child assist their parents?
My 4 1/2 year old loves to sleep... is this a problem?
Is there a downside to giving a preschooler band-aids when he doesn't really need them?
How to discourage toddler from playing rough with infant sister?
Safe to put ointment on baby's soft spot?
3 year-old boy wants constant attention, hits and deliberately poops in underpants when he doesn't get it
How do I handle an absentee parent wanting to build a relationship later in life?
How do I increase concentration of my 6years old daughter?
How to deal with young child's apparent fear of embarrassment
Is crying healthy for babies when they get our companionship?
Tricks / acitivities to make a toddler stay in one place for a while
How to encourage healthy skepticism, whilst discouraging pessimism?
When can/should children start sleeping on pillows?
Toddler is ignored by other person/child. Should I let her learn the lesson or should I step in and entertain her?
My 4-year-old refers to himself as me
Why does my 2.5 son not sleep at all when he's with me, but sleeps all night with his father? (We're divorced)
Is Fatherhood natural among humans?
How can I explain to my 5 year that I need to be alone if I am showering?
Are non-identical twins hereditary?
Helping a preschooler be a good friend
How do I reconnect with my separated children?
How important is "at night time" as part of a newborn's feeding schedule?
How should you help your baby learn to sleep without being rocked to sleep?
How to choose whether a child minder is the best solution for child care?
Hungry Child? How do I tell?
Is it unusual to have protective feelings over one's child?
I think my 11 month old is afraid of his dad
Monitoring a computer-literate teen
Can a father use his son's first name as a pseudonym to publish his writing?
Returning to work quickly - how does feeding work?
How do I know if my son has to go to the potty?
How to punish my 5 year old bully?
What approaches can I use with an 9-year-old who bed-wets and is a heavy sleeper?
How to toughen my too sensitive 7-year-old boy a bit?
My son's dad is spending less time with him lately
Should an adult child live with parents?
What to do about my 6-year-old son with listening, focus and behavioral issues?
How to improve my 5 year old son's behavior in pre-kindergarden?
At what age should you allow your kids to go out alone?
How do I stop an early roller
How do I wash my kids' hair without them screaming their lungs out?
Mission Impossible 6: Toilet training my daughter
Sleeping hours during the day
How should I inform parents if their children are bothering me?
Teaching perseverance and planning
How to soften my infant's tough and dry hair?
Overcoming a fear of the stove
How to deal with kids who are bothering others
Absent Father vs. Father with alcohol addiction
How can I keep my autistic kid from making an unhygienic mess?
How should I tell my parents that I smoke?
How can I help my toddler feel confident in his communication?
Almost 4 year old does not want to go to bed at night
One year old still not eating solids
One year old scared of the doctor and similar situations
What are examples of child-friendly rap?
I just had a e-cigarette at school and I got caught. I'm only 14 what should I do
Reading to a colicky infant?
What is the best milk fat content for a toddler aged 2?
Is it dangerous to swaddle a baby that can roll over?
Validity on a study about spanking children
Should a newborn be allowed to sleep all night, or be woken up to eat more?
Single parent having behaviour issues with son (11) not wanting my partner around
How often should a 6-week-old, bottle-fed baby have a bowel movement?
I want more time with my wife in our blended family, but she says no.
When should I take my pregnant wife to the hospital for nausea?
Infant cries and stiffens a like board when sat down
What language should I use to talk to my baby?
How do I get my 20 month old son to eat solids?
Infant sunscreen recommendations for child with sensitive skin
Suggestions on keeping a soon to be 7 year old engaged during summer vacation
How strict should I be with my 9 month old?
What do I do when my eleven year old son is down on himself?
1-month baby crying when on floor
What language should I speak to my daughter?
How do I help my son deal with a sexually abusive bully in preschool?
What is a polite way to ask others not to comment on baby girl only for her looks?
Is falling onto a mattress safe?
Names or Phrases to Use for Step-Mom?
How to make my 16-year-old sister stop biting me, when my parents won't get involved?
Shrieking crying 6 month old
My 9 year old son regards life as meaningless
How can I encourage my home schooled children to be more confident in the open?
What is the best way to stop breast feeding a 3 year old?
When/how is it safe to go running with baby?
Why does my 16-year-old hate me?
Behavior changes after social events
Step Parent - To be concerned or not to be
At what age is it suggested to enunciate specific expectations regarding sexual activity?
Adoption/Foster Care: How should I deal with abandonment issues?
Appropriate confrontational behaviour to teach a 2-year-old?
Should we protect our childred from getting ill?
Clean children vs dirty children
How can I explain to my 4 year old that his friend has moved away?
Am getting emotionally distant from my mother day by day. What can I do to mend the bond?
My 3-year-old-son and his 4-year-old and 8-year-old cousins: He hits the younger and gets picked on by the older one. How to deal with that?
What schedule works for working parents and their kids to have dinner together as a family?
How can we encourage our son, who stopped eating a staple food and is underweight, to eat?
What's a good home-based learning curriculum for a 2-year-old?
How much instruction should be incorporated into a pre-schooler's art activities?
My mom has taken over my daughter
Child with diarrhea: what to do when you think the doctors aren't doing enough?
How to get baby back to sleep throughout the night without needing his bottle
Does sleep training make sense for a baby with intermittent sleep difficulty?
Is there any solid evidence that being in a sitting position might be bad for babies (before they can sit up on their own)?
4 week old cries for bottle feed every 30 minutes but only takes 30ml (1oz)
If I want to ensure my kids are bilingual, how should I decide which language to use when with them?
How can I help my child be grateful for her life
Ways to interact with my kid
My 7 year old son acts out in sexual ways
How to provide the most support to children as an 'uncle' with only monthly visits
How do I deal with my wife's violent outbursts around our child?
Toddler never sleeps through the night
Does playing classical music for infants and young children make them smarter?
What is the most appropriate way to address contrarianism in a 4-year-old?
Is there a good summary of the different discipline philosophies for pre-school and school aged childern
What are the outcomes of highly unusual community outreach to young children?
Tools to log and analyse a toddlers diet
Authoritative stance of AMA against ADHD?
Should toddlers drink milk during the night?
How do I help my elder child's sleep not to be disrupted by her sister?
My 4 1/2 year old has been potty trained since 3 but is having accidents and not going to the bathroom by himself
Extracurricular activities for children
8-year-old right away repeats action after she is told not to do them
How to handle a preschooler who hits?
How do I accustom my students to interact with children of a higher economic class?
How to handle my spoiled 20-year-old step-granddaughter and her enabling mother?
How to help a child with a long-term weather phobia?
What is the reasoning behind encouraging your child not to be a 'tattle-tale'?
If my 4-year-old asks me "why", what kind of "why" does he mean?
How to (or should I even try to) break a zombie fixation for a three-year-old
Is breastfeeding an infant more "healthy" than using expressed milk?
best materials for playground surface
Six and nine-year-olds will not stop having accidents
How to teach your toddler to pronounce old words correctly?
How to teach a toddler to draw?
How to communicate with tiger parents?
How do I help my son cope with having a new baby sister?
What is the best way to teach my son bilingual speaking?
How to become closer to a religious parent as a non-religious child
How to mediate between my spouse and stepchild and help our family develop a healthier relationship?
My 11 year old son is weird
How can I teach my 9-month-old son to attempt to say his first words?
How can I teach my son that it's ok to hit back?
8 year old punishes himself for bad behaviour
Is a 17 year old considered an adult to go out whenever they want? what does the law says?
10 year old refuses to go to bed
Almost 6 year old girl bad behavior
How long can a child sleep in a minicrib?
How best to take advantage of a child's extended vacation
14 month old baby no longer eating or drinking after MMR vaccine
4 month old waking frequently during first half of the night
What to do about my 4-month-old's messy feeding schedule?
Private school vs bad public school for a young child
How to teach a 3yo to endure during hikes?
Loose tooth. Suck it up and pull?
Guilt as a natural consequence of bad/wrong behaviour
My 13 year old is off the rails and dad has given up
How can I persuade a preschooler to wear a suit?
Transition 2 year old to big bed
How to make my 3-year-old stop skipping one of the numbers when counting?
How do discipline my kid at preschool?
What is the way to give bitter medicine to a 2 year old child?
How to handle disobediant children as non-parental authority figure
is a long car ride safe for my newborn?
Maybe pregnant?
How to take passport pictures of a baby?
How do I stop hiding things from my overprotective parents?
How can I mediate intense sibling rivalry?
Impact on kids NOT having TV?
What's a good age for a "penny skateboard"?
how to deal with noise from neighbor construction for infant
How to help a 6-year-old who has difficulties with "what comes before / after" questions (in sequences)?
Kid having trouble with some seemingly easy questions (language and visual cognition) for his age
How to potty train a two year old?
22 m.o. boy pees too often on the potty
When do babies start understanding a kiss?
I fled my emotionally abusive husband, leaving my children. I returned but they don't want to know me
How do I tell my 14 year old niece that her mom is kicking her out?
How long can breast milk be refrigerated before freezing?
Keep carseat from rotating when installed with lap and shoulder belt?
Should I be worried about a 1-year-old getting excited and grabbing and scratching people's faces hard?
6 year old and stress
Moving my speech delayed 5.5 yo son to a foreign environment
How to cope with a crying infant in the car during short trips?
My one year old daughter is allergic to my beard. How to deal with such issue?
My 2.5 years old daughter says no to everything, all the time, again and again
How to make my 11-year-old sister study more math when even violence doesn't work?
My 5 year old step son has started crying about everything and wanting to go to moms
How do you train an infant or young toddler to swim?
How much time, energy, and money should an adult child give to struggling parents?
A three week old baby refuses to sleep in his crib
How can I keep our son out of our life
Help me understand the attraction of Instagram, please
My son talks way too fast and I need help
How to get my 14 month old toddler who has a lot of food allergies to gain weight?
potty training 3 days method - 22 months old - daycare problems
What is an effective dating policy for a 12-year-old boy?
At what age can children learn a non native language through television/podcasts?
My newborn hates everyday bath time
One parent and two children at bedtime
How to deal with 5 year-old "homesickeness"?
Why do my 14 month old twins cry whenever they drink milk or water?
My daughter was potty trained at 18 months and has now regressed. what can i do?
At what age should a child be able to count to 10?
How can I help my 9 year old son fall asleep and stop stuttering?
When to buy first toy and what kind of toys have any sense for newborns? (if any)
What should I do to help my child break a bad habit?
11-year-old with sleeping problems
My 11 year old Granddaughter told her Father today shes a lesbian
When children get quiet so you know they're up to something?
Do newborns recognize their own cry?
Can singing softly into my baby's ear be harmful?
Do mild facial scars (from fingernail scratches) on a young child fade?
What is the minimal age, at which "Starship troopers" the book is safe for a child?
Safe ways to support slumping 14-month-old in bike trailer?
How can I "train" my 9-month-old to drink from a feeding bottle?
When should parents stop changing clothes in front of children?
Could I have damaged my unborn baby in the womb?
How to help a toddler go to sleep on their own?
Bank Accounts for Allowance
My 4 and half year old is scared of going for a poo because of pain
How can a teenager avoid changing in a school locker room?
Toddler won't swallow or spit out food sometimes
Recommended quantity / frequency of meat for 7 year old
Is it normal for a 3 year old to be hyper active all day (15 hours) with no naps and still fight their sleep?
Can powdered formula spoil on very hot days?
Is it bad practice for a parent to tell their children when they have a right/reason to cry?
What should I do before calling the police if I suspect child abuse in the neighbourhood?
how to deal with complete meltdown for simple everyday tasks with my 4 year old
potty training to toddler
4 year old seems suddenly uninterested in me
Is there a "better" time for parental absence?
15 month old waking in the night, screaming and hysterical
My sister's children and religion
3 months old not gaining weight well from exclusive breastfeeding
How to find fitting sports to introduce one’s kid to?
My 4.5-year-old son has no dominant hand
Teaching manners to a toddler
12 y/o daughter gives one-word answers to every question
Teaching a toddler to say "sorry" and mean it
First pet (fish) just died. Is there a teachable moment?
What devices should toddlers be allowed to use?
What benefits are there to teaching a child to never lie?
When do bilingual kids start to talk fluently?
7year old is toilet trained but insists on nappy for bedtime
I have just watched my 22 month old dive head first over the gate on her bedroom 5 times after putting her to back to bed 50-60 times
How to end 9-year-old's video game time with less stress?
Should I be worried my daughter is in a bilingual kindergarten class?
Are there adverse effects on a baby to see their parent talking to a toy?
As an agnostic how to respond to my toddler who points out to god and folds her hands to pay respect to it?
How do I discipline my spouse's children?
Kid's bedroom adjacent to living room - noise
How to stop 1-yr old from kicking us while sleeping
5 year old boy having adjustment issues to kindergarten
How to explain the "fun parent" phenomenon to a 5-year-old?
Has anyone had success with Occupational Therapy and ADHD?
What are possible risks to a child's health from having an indoor cat?
My grandson only likes girl toys
6 year old, being sexually active.
When are kids old enough to have a horse
My son did badly in his AS levels because he didn't work
1 year old refusing to eat or drink
Can I still nurse?
11-year old having recurring nightmares about killing people she knows. Should I be worried?
How should a jobless father advise his son when he refuses to study because of his educated jobless dad?
Is it acceptable to ask summer camp administration to give other campers' families our contact information?
When do babies start responding to their name?
How young is too young to switch to a toddler bed?
What to do about my 4-year-old granddaughter who doesn't like to sleep?
Toddler roughly touching her genitals
Strategies for identified but unavoidable distractions
Is it OK for my 16 year old son to watch my 10 year old daughter at home alone while I'm at work?
My father is too slow at his daily routine
When is it normal for a child to start walking?
Homework for 10 year-old
Why does my 10-year-old still urinate in bed?
My 10 year old daughter punches her legs when she gets angry or doesn't get her way
How to convince an adult son that pot and LSD, even used sparingly is not acceptable
What to do with a child that won't sleep, to the detriment of their day?
How can I convince my teenage son to focus on his studies?
How do I limit the time my neighbor's kids spend at my home?
What to do about my toddler who suddenly started screaming when I mention bathing or give her a bath?
Painful toddler breastfeeding
What do I tell my child about her Asperger autism?
Should I allow toys at the table at mealtimes?
How to help my 6-year-old who does a lot of self talking, becomes aggressive at school and lacks concentration in studies?
Handling toddler aggression towards my child
How early should I start learning my baby bedtime routine?
Toddler, almost 2 years timeout not working
Why is my 4-year-old child more aggressive now?
Toddler extremely reserved around others
2 year old still drooling, what can i do?
How can we find a compromise about screen time for our daughter?
Will my child be ready for the world?
Getting real answers from a 3 year old
Suggestions on making reading fun for a 10 year old girl
What age do kids really "master" the conversational basics?
How can we help my 7-year-old brother stop wetting the bed?
My ten month old boy wakes up three times a night for milk - How can I night wean my baby without a struggle?
My 2-year-old brother keeps waking up screaming every 15 minutes!
Im scared at night!
Is it normal for my 10 month old boy to lick my face
Can coconut milk or scraped coconut be added to my baby's food?
What can you do when the child lives in three different homes with three different set of rules? It is a six almost seven year old girl
What do I tell my child about her Learning Disability?
How should a parent advise a child who wants to become a musician even though he is devoid of talent?
Should I be expected to love my new step-granddaughter instantly?
My 7 yr old cant stay asleep beyond 5 or 6 hours?
Bananas. How many is too many for a toddler?
Encouraging a more varied diet in fussy older children
Will a mother's crazy work hours affect child development in the womb?
possible disadvantages of being very silent when baby sleeps
4.5yo - self-deprecating talk
My 4 year old will not behave at school
How to help a 12 year old adopted girl with anger management?
How to help 2nd grade daughter who is afraid of many things?
How to choose between one activity vs another?
One of two children invited to a mutual friends birthday party
8-year-old son keeps claiming he's not smart enough to do his homework
Toddler waking after going to bed.
How important is the quality of the content of 3D animations made for toddlers?
What would make doing stuff with young children easier?
Kindergartner with no control over his emotions/behavior
Do most 2-3-year-old toddlers deliberately disobey?
How to discipline my 5-year-old who is constantly in trouble at school?
How do I get myself into a routine?
How to care for my 3.5-year-old's decaying teeth?
How to explain scientific concepts to a curious 3.5-year-old?
What do I do when I walk into a room with a broken item and both children shrug their shoulders and say "Wasn't me"?
My 13 year old doesn't care about school?
My 1.5 year old is saying "No"
How to get my 16-year-old to understand that chores aren't that hard to complete?
Kids and tidying up with KonMari method
Should I start learning Braille now in preparation for teaching my blind baby how to read someday?
3 year old won't tell us what he wants to eat
My six-month-old son is trying to sit up and crawl. I'm scared of the potential for an injury
How can I explain the negative effects of spanking to someone who isn't a philosopher, behavior specialist etc?
When pumping breast milk, can I reuse the bottle after feeding without sterilizing?
How competitive or forgiving to be when playing games against my own kids
Is milk supply when pumping not an indication of actual milk supply?
My 5-year-old son seems to lack in comprehension
What to do about my toddler wanting everything her way?
How can I abate my son's growing habit of lying?
How can I encourage my son (age 8) to stop sucking his thumb?
PREGNANT ON Flaka-PVP
baby's head vertical in baby carrier
Expat child refuses to learn local language
What is best for my child - a narcissist father or no father?
How to help my 10-year-old daughter who is upset because her dad is not in her life?
Is it good to give food or drinks to a toddler at night after weaning off breast milk?
How to address my son’s fear of mostly passive objects, namely smoke detectors
giving birth at home-- how to deal with an older child?
My son not listening any words from me or wife
Is a parent expected to be emotionally and socially supportive for the child?
What to do with a 2.5-year-old boy refusing to go to sleep, to the toilet or to eat?
rules for a tea party
16 month old doesn't talk
Three and Half years baby talking and playing in the class room alone due to less family support
How do I help my husband see that his feelings of being a terrible parent to his son are unfounded?
Sleep training and consistency
I feel like a failure for sending my child to nursery - is it too early to send them?
How to deal with my 6 year old son is who "over attached" with a girl?
How to deal with my 5-year-old son who has ADD/ADHD and constantly misbehaves?
How should I tell my 8-year old not to put the shop-vac hose in their mouth?
Should I stop pirating TV in order to better role model for my toddler?
A religious teacher slapped my son twice for refuting God, what should I do?
1-month old son cannot sleep peacefully
If a pregnant woman's tummy is pressed hard, can the baby in her womb get hurt?
When can I expect an infant to be willing to stand?
How can I become part of my daughter's life again?
3 languages family
My 5 year old princess makes me feel unwanted
How to encourage my 3rd grade son to be more calm, respectful, and responsible?
Flowers for Montessori primary classroom?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of time-outs?
What to do about my constantly crying 4-year-old step-daughter?
My parents are taking over my life, I think I'm going insane
How to minimise the influence of bad parenting by ex husband?
Is the sleep training over after they sleep for half an hour?
As a step parent, what should be my role in dealing with a volatile five year old?
How can I help my 6 year old learn patience
How to encourage a 2 year old toddler to complete colouring a sketch?
Why does authoritarian parenting style result in children with low self esteem and lack of self discipline?
I got a vasectomy after our 3rd child. Now, my wife wants a 4th child, but I don't
Halloween Themed Activity
Take a 3 year old to funeral?
How to help a 1-year-old learn words and phrases of a foreign language?
How can a parent encourage their child to talk more about what they did at school?
Is crying bad for babies?
Explain to a 4-year-old how magnets work
help, my 3 year old son will go to the potty when I take him but will not go on his own even though his potty is RIGHT THERE!
At what age should I tell my child to colour within the lines?
How do I make my nocturnal 4mo baby sleep at night?
Can it be unhealthy to deprive a child of sugar?
What are the pros and cons of colouring books?
Why does my toddler pull hair to calm himself? How can I make him stop?
How to keep a 2 year old toddler entertained throughout the day?
What to do about an 8-year-old who will suffer silently until a breaking point?
How/Should I deal with the playschool teacher who makes the toddler colour by holding her hand?
How to make my 3.5-year-old learn at home?
Preparing toddlers to sleep in a hotel room
What could cause a child not be able to learn well?
I don't know if I love my parents
Are there any studies showing how spanking bans have affected society since 1979?
Is it safer to install a back seat car seat behind the driver or behind the passenger?
Reasons for parents to pierce their son's left ear
My son is texting to other boys acting as a girl
Estimated Date of Conception
Is thumbsucking bad for a toddler?
Should I allow my preschooler to play with other parents at the playground?
Two years old potty regression
Is my son's school ignoring his intelligence?
3 year-old boy always says he has tummy-ache for 5 mins after breakfast
My toddler used to love bath time and now he hates it (or is scared of it)
How to make a 6-year-old stop being too competitive for his own good?
How much time does homeschooling consume?
Moving to US with a 5 year old child
My 4 year old daughter doesn't love her Dad and sometimes rejects him
What can I do to increase the chance that my children will talk to me when disturbed?
Why do kids pick up on violence in cartoons/movies?
How to tackle the screaming/tantrum of a 6-month-old boy?
How to deal with controlling parents?
What are the activities pertaining to decorating the house with hand made objects where I can get the toddler involved?
Too many languages?
8-year-old stepchild pulling away from his father
What are ways that I can donate my extra breastmilk?
Laughs when being disobedient stuff (18 months)
30 week preterm with erratic respiratory rate, lots of crying and being sick
2 week old baby has few sleeps and cries a lot
My wife constantly loses her temper with our 5 year old son
What should I get (if anything) for friend's daughter's 1st Birthday party?
My 5-year-old son freaks over shower time!
What childhood incidents cause the children to be approval seeking when they become adults?
How to decide whether I should buy whatever the child asks for?
How does one blow a toddler's nose alone?
How to keep our infant's hands out of her mouth?
How to deal with beggars in front of the children?
From what age do children start having permanent memory of incidents, and what is the maximum long term memory at what age?
What is a good system of organizing toys?
When should I start using my frozen stash of breastmilk?
How bad can teething pain be?
What should I consider when getting tympanostomy tubes (grommets) for my child?
How much should you tell your children about your sorrows and joys?
How to explain children why junk food is bad for your health?
My 8yr old won't tie up her jacket when she is cold
When do kids stop holding their parent's hand?
From what age should I require the child to speak the foreign language which I want her to learn?
How should I act such that child doesn't feel average success and mediocrity is expected of her?
How can I supplement my Pre-K child's education?
Breaking 5 year olds tantrums
What is a suitable bedtime and sleep pattern for an 8 year old?
My 6 year old son does not listen when I tell him to stop something immediately. Should I beat him?
My 4-year-old daughter's father doesn't want to be a committed dad, yet keeps her hopes alive. How to deal with the situation in her best interest?
Calculating gestational age of a baby
From what age should I expect the child to pick up her toys which she scattered while playing?
How to start Montessori at home
My wife had her first doctor's appointment and it took exactly 15 minutes is that ok?
What names can a father-in-law use w former daughter-in-law after a divorce
Split-religion parents, should we baptize our children
Should I be concerned that my 2 year-old cannot pronounce sounds like "vee" and "fee"?
How to help my 9-year-old daughter with an eating disorder (comfort eating)?
3-year-old acts out for parents, but not for nanny
3yr old refuses to sleep without me
Cannot cope with my 12 year old bully
What are the impacts of public shaming?
Why is the 'floor is lava' game so ubiquitious?
Extremely difficult 11 month old baby
My 3 month old daughter looks away from me
Can admonishing hinder a child's mental growth?
Why do babies suck their fist?
How can I reach out to my 16-year-old son who has voiced he's depressed every day and doesn't love himself?
How to get 10-year-old to diversify his reading?
How to deal with an 8 year boy googling the word "sex"?
How do I stop my parents' divorce?
How do I get my child to eat healthier, better and more varied?
A man I met online wants to take pictures of my daughter
Should I worry about my 18-month-old always staying with us, her parents, only?
Should I cancel child support?
How can I convince my parents to accept my approach on school?
Mom too worried with germs and disease
How do I tell my father-in-law that I don't feel comfortable kissing as a greeting?
Our 6 months old son wants to walk. Can this be problematic?
How can a 3 years old understand and use the words "because" and "why"?
tips for staying fun
How to convince an adult son to seek medical help?
Which language should we speak to our child if we have different mother languages?
How to explain Paris terrorist attack to primary school age children?
Toddler waking up too early
Should I show more anger when unhappy with a child's actions?
How to teach kids the value of accepting loss and moving on using Aesop's fables or otherwise
Problems with discipline for my step-children
My 2.5 years old daughter asks to learn to read
Motivation for my 25 year old daughter
Discussing early literacy tools with parents
Communication between Parents and teachers
How to deal with older sibling taking after the younger - toddler?
problem eating solid food
3-year-old has huge problems sleeping (nap or bedtime); won't calm down to relax
Having older kids wear an apron at meal
How should I deal with a third-grader who gets distracted from his work by reading?
Will I become a lighter sleeper after my child is born?
How do I instil confidence when my child (aged 5 nearly 6) declines to read a book as 'too hard' when sent home from school as homework?
How do I tell if my child is advanced at maths?
When to teach a child about what is good and bad about the world so they don't adopt bad habits?
Ways to convince a teenager to quit smoking
Should I keep my kid in her current class next year too?
How do I get an 11-year-old to engage in active language comprehension?
What are the pros and cons of piercing a child's ears?
How to get my 1-year-old child to like me?
How to stop my 8 year old son from doubting and/or speaking against the existence of God?
How to read one book to two children on different levels at the same time
8 month old not babbling, when to worry and what to worry about
How long does chilled breast milk last after taking from the refrigerator?
My 5 year old's second language: Why is it not coming naturally?
Teenage Boy wants to live with his Mum
How can I pick out safe headphones?
How to Handle 5 Year Old Disrespect/Not Listening in Public?
How to make home a quiet place with quarrelling parents?
23 month old twins disturbing each other at bed time
2-year-old needs bread to go to sleep
If an establishment allows breastfeeding, but not outside drinks (juice, etc.), is bottled breastmilk an exception?
19 yr old niece lives with us and is upsetting family relations
How to make our 12-year-old son become more serious about his studies, punctual and less playful?
How can you tell if a toddler went pee in the potty?
Are there any health risks for mother or child when using a sauna or steam room while pregnant?
Improving a parent preference?
How can we effectively clean our baby's nose?
Want to be Fair / Equal but Still Realistic with Bedwetting Pre-Teens and Social Issues
7 yr old pooping pants
Should I let my son see his dad
What can I do about my teenagers behavior?
How do you teach a toddler how to wait?
CISV: should I trust?
How to control my 2- and 5-year-old nieces, who are out of control and don't listen to me, when I babysit them?
How do you control a hyperactive child?
Develop a kid's photographic memory
My daughter is not eating on her own
Can tummy tightening cause harm to the baby in the womb?
frequent awake frequency between midnight and 4am
When would I need to seek further help about my child's umbilical stump?
At what age child can get a game console?
Should I let my baby play with oranges?
How to deal with my son calling me on the telephone when he is in a fight with his mother?
Getting child to focus
Should a 18 month old be allowed to watch any videos online?
New born Baby cries a lot
1 year old crying loudly in her sleep until she wakes up
Is my wife an over-protective parent and how does this influence my child?
Baby choke when drinking too fast
What's an appropriate age for a Swiss Army Knife?
What to do if baby is still sucking when the bottle is finished?
Is it safe for a 2.5 year old toddler to be allowed to plug in the light cord into the wall plug
My friend opened up to me about depression
How late in the day can my 2 year old nap?
How should a parent advise a relatively young son who chooses to retire early and be a loafer after he has achieved financial independence?
Do I move my son to a new school?
3 year old no longer interested in bedtime stories
Is it ok to play with a 10 months old baby in nature?
How to behave with 10 months old baby around staircases?
How to make 2 years old toddler stop throwing things at others?
Is a small kindergarten class a problem?
Why do Heinz's Honey packets say not to give them to children under 12 months?
Is it ok to disagree in front of the kids?
How to prevent an infant from taking off her socks?
Not drinking milk for longer time
How and when to talk to children about diseases they might have?
What can I do to help a red pimply rash on a newborn baby?
How to entertain a 2-year-old on an airplane?
How to make my 3-year-old go to sleep earlier?
My daughter does not take solid food. She is one year old
How do I join a well established community (a family with my GF and her two kids actually)?
Why do babies fight sleep and how to calm them down?
Are there any risks to using crib bumpers?
Can too much jumping hurt a toddler's knees?
Is it better for siblings to meet at a young age?
Is this behavior (nipple pushing and other behaviors) a problem?
Pros and Cons of competitive music festival
What are some better ways to teach empathy when taking kids to the zoo?
My wife's ex blocks all kind of contact between her and her daughter's (except a Sunday call), should she be honest about it with the children?
Is using a potty described in this video for 1 month++ old baby safe?
How to help our 6-year-old who is quick to anger but upsets others and himself?
Baby Bjorn and heat rashes
4s in winding down time, what is sitting?
not settled in school
How do I solve my brother's fear of a creepy video game character?
As a father, how to improve my relationship with our 2-month-old baby?
Should I discourage my son from talking so much?
Should I tell my parents that I don't believe in God anymore?
Is it ok to take a 2-month-old baby out on fresh air?
Is it detrimental for my infant to be in front of the television set?
My 4 year old screaming in his sleep doing nap time
Optimizing busy morning time
Our son is slightly autistic, Is it wise to have an indoor cat?
What to say to a child whose pet just died
Baby screams while sleeping
How to go out with a toddler learning to use the potty without diapers?
Car/Booster seat for child in a spica cast?
6 Year Old meal Time expectations
How do I settle a 2-month-old who wants to be carried all the time?
Good shower gel and shampoo for children to use
Should we tell our children that we 'spy' on them? When should we stop 'spying' on them?
Why does my son of 12 yo only talk and behave nonsense in front of me?
My 3yr son wont tell me when he needs to go to the bathroom
How do we address other adults telling my son to ask us to bring him to their house?
When can the child start using adult cosmetic products?
Weight and Height for a 2 year old girl
How to get a 16 month old to eat?
How to stop grandparents from acting overprotective?
What to do about my infant who sucks his thumb constantly?
My 6-year-old daughter is hitting her teacher and talking back!
How to help 3 year old deal and stop confusional arousals when waking up
How do I get a toddler to play more gently now that I'm pregnant again?
Toddler drinking a lot before/during night, too much for one diaper
The toddler is being frightened of ghosts at daycare. How should I deal with the child before the fear sets in completely?
How do I get my 7 month old niece to trust me?
My 13 yo son has drug and alcohol issues. What should I do?
How to prepare children for impending death of a parent?
What to do when my 4-year-old daughter "plays doctor" with her cousin of almost the same age?
What martial art should a 14 year old male join
How to make the 2.6 year old toddler drink more water in winters?
My son doesn't want to play with a boisterous neighbour. What do I say and do?
My 3 year old daughter sometimes out of control!
Is it possible for an 8 year girl to be sexually abused and enjoy it?
Fist up nose. Why does this happen
What to do if a breastfeeding toddler vomits?
How can parents teach more than two languages to their child without confusing him?
Is my two year old gifted? what should we do about preschool?
At what age can a child be responsible for deciding whether to wear warm clothes?
My toddler calls me "Mommy", but I'm his father
Best way to promote proper grammar usage in school (and of course I started with the teacher!)
5-year old goes to pieces when talking about her/seeing pictures from when she was younger
Sweetner for our 4 month baby boy
Can you and should you teach pre school children to understand perspective of the past
What can help soothe my 14 month old's 'hot farts' other than zinc oxide?
14 month old won't eat solids
Teaching kiddo to swallow semi-solids
How to make my 11-month-old son eat again?
Using pornography in sex education
Playing with legos with a toddler around
How can a find a bottle/nipple that our infant will accept
Our baby is a climber. How to deal with it?
What to do when a 12-year-old boy has defeated behavior management program (Kazdin method)?
What to do if your threaten be your older sister!
3 year old stealing household items
How to make excessive daydreaming affect daily activities less?
How to make my 18-month-old son eat without screen time?
Fake Poo/ Pee Trips
2 month old does not sleep at night
What age to stop son from sleeping in same bed as Mother?
2 year old leaving with daddy
Children screaming and crying while sleeping
What to do about a 4 year old that's unbelievably picky about food
34 month old refuses to swallow or spit out food
Are forward rolls dangerous for young children?
How to deal with a loss of appetite with a toddler?
Combining sounds to simple words
When does a child start showing jealousy?
How can I get my 13 month old to eat better and sleep through the night?
I need a Bi-lingual strategy for my 3yr old
How to deal with a preteen's sudden unhealthy obsession?
How do I get my one year old to stop grinding her teeth?
How do I find out who the bully is?
Staying focused getting ready for school
How to keep my baby's hand warm at night
Exclusive breastfeeding - how to deal with complaints from baby?
How can I help the Bitten?
What to do about step children who don't listen to us, don't do their chores but are being spoiled by their grand mother?
How can I help my one month old poop with out hurting her?
what's causing 3 year old to scream/cry several different times through out the night but doesn't wake up?
How to stop my 4-year-old from having tantrums at preschool?
Teaching 12 months old how to fall asleep in her crib without hours of rocking, nursing, etc
6 Year old son behavior problems at school and now at home
How to prepare a two year old for international relocation
Discipline and managing a 5 year old
Raising a tri-lingual child
How do you get your child to say I have to go potty?
PC mouse and lefty
how to deal with my sister
How do I get my 4 month old to nap longer than 15 mins
Is there an evidence-based study regarding the long-term psychological effects of spanking?
How can I explain to my son why sunlight will hurt his eyes?
How to deal with jealous and stubborn twin girls?
How to know after how much time will the toddler be x inches tall?
How often should rules be reminded?
my 7 years old boy doesn't have focus
14-month year old takes dinner in bath only
How can parents prevent middle child syndrome?
Why does my infant occasionally regurgitate breast milk?
When does an infanthood end and toddlerhood begin?
How to study with a small child?
Securing a 70 lbs punching bag safely around a toddler?
How to help my violent 5-year-old son become calmer?
How should my 8 year old son deal with a girl who hits him?
How do I teach toddler hitting is wrong when she sees her parent hitting?
How to teach a 17-month-old to chew food?
Is it okay for two 6- and 9-year-olds to share a bedroom with their 18-year-old step-brother?
Night time potty training for four years old
How can I get my 2.5 year old to go to sleep without me?
Should a toddler who weaned only a few months ago be allowed to see mom nursing younger sibling?
My 6 year old daughter is afraid her Muslim friend will be deported if Trump is elected President
How can I encourage my 3-year old daughter to respond to her younger brother's affection
Should I tell my son about his bio dad / sperm donor?
My 7 year old Son is out of control and has been expelled from school
Is it wrong to wash cloth diapers in a shared washing machine?
3yo need to hold my hands to sleep during the night
12yr old daughter defying consequence and out of control
Advantages and disadvantages of learning sight words (English)
Do cloth diapers actually decrease how long a child stays in diapers?
I seem to have good talks with my 16 yr old son about his life but then he is texting his friend trashing me?
How to comfort my dad after telling him that I don't like to do anything with him?
How to encourage a toddler to take interest in riding a balance bike?
When is the right time to tell my daughter she's not my biological child?
I'm worried my son may have autism
How can I help my 14-year-old daughter be less angry?
Is my daughter getting enough sleep?
Changing child's first name
Three months crying a lot. Cannot determine reason
How to prevent infants from rolling out of bed?
Is it necessary to boil the water for baby formula in Switzerland?
I am 21 and I am terrified beyond belief of my father
How can I help children in a blended family get along?
Story of a sad mom - adult son who is violent and suffering from depression
When do I need to start cleaning my baby's tongue?
How to be a good Single Mom with a large family and dealing with ADHD
Can I send some of my children to public school and some to private?
Is it normal for a 2-year-old girl to throw 30 min tantrums several times per day?
Should I be concerned about this poem?
Should young children be kept away from a depressed relative if the latter ignores them?
My 13-month-old nephew will not sleep through the night and I'm not sure what it could be!
Should middle school students/high school students be able to choose their own bedtime?
The many elements to having another child (Mother and Father not on the same page)
Is it possible to control iPad message language without my 10-year-old daughter hating me?
Should I skip sad scenes when watching a movie with a child?
What's the best way to deal with illogical reasoning that can't be explained to a child?
If a parent goes vegan, should the small kids, also?
Options to have a child but not giving birth
16/17 year old refused to go to school, being aggressive and in charge
How to continue with removing breastfeeding at night
Should my twins play with other children?
My MIL is traveling to Paraguay. How long do you suggest having her wait to visit my 8 month old son once returning?
Is it possible to spoil a child, but still teach them not to behave spoiled?
What to do with a disinterested 12-year-old boy?
9 years old starting at an international school but doesn't speak English
Bad baby dreams?
Baby kicks and wakes himself
4.5 yr old not making friends
What advice can I give to a teen who wants to tell his dad uncomfortable truths?
Effective ways to discipline my 5 year old
One week old lifts and turns head
How can I be awoken from sleep without waking newborn in the same room?
Should we leave our daughter at home with her uncle if she then cries?
I want to dropout of HS yet my dad is mad at my decision
Is PediaSure okay for toddlers and if not how to get them off it?
What to do when there's a conflict between my husband and my 14-year-old daughter?
From what age should one heed "But I'm not cold!"?
7-year old with Asperger's caught stealing - how to deal with that?
2 year old that was going potty, and asking to go everyday for 3 weeks straight then all of a sudden resisting going
At what age should children start taking swimming lessons?
Teenage son talks to self
What to do about 6.5-year-old grandson out of control?
Allergies: should we test them proactively?
How should the children be taught to be wary of physically present strangers?
What to do when parents disagree over medical care?
How should the children be taught to be wary of online predators?
Exposing Late Teenagers to Alcohol
From what age do children start reading and understanding sentences?
Toilet training not quite finished
How important is it for a mother to have help around the house when she has several young children?
5 yr old behavioral/anger problems
Our 2 year old refuses to poop anywhere
Is it a good idea to go on an overseas holiday with a 6 month old baby?
Father always wants to be right
Is an 8 week trip abroad an appropriate time away for a 14 year old?
8 month infant does not smile
How to talk to my 13 year old son about inapropriate comments
Can cold weather cause a potty trained child to wet the bed again?
How unusual is it for a 3.5-year-old to scratch his own face and draw blood?
Isn't it too much having 5 times a week soccer trainings?
How can I demonstrate to my wife that her overprotecting my crawling son is counterproductive
How to handle older kids with my younger son
My step granddaughter orders expensive meals, but won't eat them
How to potty train my 7-year-old son?
Is it safe to use a baby carrier worn on the back to carry an 11-month-old?
Are playpens (playards) physically or mentally damaging?
When I start baby cereal, should I pump extra milk?
Children challenging traditional role models in sports, how to help them to grow to their best?
15 month old girl hasn't learned any new words in months
How to treat an 18 year old girl who avoids being with family and likes being with friend?
How do I teach my children to stay calm when they have an allergic reaction?
How do I child proof a NEMA 6-20 socket?
As soon as I say the phrase 'science experiment' my six year old daughter turns up her nose - what do I do?
Should I make contact with my son's dad after 3 years?
How can I deal with a misbehaving 17-year-old girl?
Should I wake my 8.5 month old for feeding at night?
Sons girlfriends' parents against their relationship
How should I show my son his poor school results?
My 6 years old boy behavior is terrible at school and home
What is Parent Child Interaction Therapy (PCIT) and is it helpful?
How to improve the relationship between my misbehaving 8-year-old stepchild and me?
Pre-k female student cant remember her numbers!
Watching movies 7yr old and 5yr old
How to get a 3-year-old started with running training and contests so that it's a fun experience?
Raising polyglot children through television - a reliable method?
Is my child autistic?
What things do you do to build intimacy in your relationship when going out is not an option?
Choosing same name as a friend, how to ask or annonce?
Fear developing in three year old
What expenses should I pay for my 16-year-old daughter
Kids in multicultural, multi-generational household
How to limit hot water temperature if your boiler doesn't have this control?
What are practical tips for helping newborn with possible "Silent Reflux" condition?
What is the black line on pregnant womens belly
teens nagging at each others
4 year old, biological Mom used drugs, behavior out of control
What could be the effects of telling a small child "The bad man is going to come" as a threat to enforce good behavior?
How do you handle invites and venue registration for a venue birthday party when you don't know the turnout?
When can I breastpump?
If schools teach phonics correctly?
How to make a 2.5-year-old stop beating, biting and hurting others if he thinks it is a game?
ML@H + OPPL = confusion?
7 month old wants to sleep on its belly -- is it safe?
My girlfriend's children are the worst acting children I have ever met
Is it normal for wife to be angry at baby often?
Any ideas to help a 1st grade boy be more focused and on task?
child unable to do anything alone
Threat of internet predators -- how significant is it?
Help explain emotionally unstable Aunt to 5yr old
How to get 3 1/2 year old twin boys to go potty before bed
Son not wanting to talk to his father
Where can I get help for my 13-year-old daughter whose tantrums get physical?
Suddenly my six years old son lost interest for going to school
What is an effective order to teach writing the alphabet?
Should I worry About My 10yo Nephew's Interest in Violence?
My 6 year old is terrified of monsters is this normal?
Restless fingers while speaking
How do I get my child engaged with practicing letters?
Should I allow my child's in-and-out father to be a part of his life?
Laws Regarding Newborn Care at a Hospital
How do I get a 2-year-old to calm down at night to go to bed by 8:30 or 9pm?
How to start a new feeding/sleep schedule for a 6 month old?
How to deal with a narcisstic mother?
My son isn't smiling back at us anymore when we pick him up from infant care
Why do people have kids?
When is it safe to start using a duvet?
Why is my granddaughter screaming in the middle of the night like something is wrong but calms down in about 10-15 min?
From what age onward can we see that a child is homosexual?
Are my 5-year-old's behavioral problems at daycare normal?
Why is my daughter shouting so much?
Can child forget how to pronounce a letter?
My wife is under treatment for depression and just had a traumatic labor. What can I do to help her?
How to make our 18-month-old twins stop biting?
My son is being hit by a friend, and we need to discuss the situation with his mom
Child afraid from diving head into water
What are good family games to develop self-restraint?
My 5-year-old's friend's parent doesn't like my child and I fear it might isolate my child after a while
Does extended looping improve student outcomes in elementary school?
Are these strange communication habits of urban teenagers normal?
Problems with my son's friend
Finding out who initiated sexual contact. What needs to be done?
How can I help my 11-year old boy create his first videogame?
Toddler stopped signaling when she needs to use the potty
When should breastmilk be pasteurized?
How to give a 5-year-old "the talk"?
Why do parents talk to young kids the way they do?
How do I help my kids "feel comfortable in their own skin"?
What to do about an overly confident 4.5-year-old who retaliates at nursery?
How can I help my 7 year old overcome his fear of playground equipment?
My 9-year-old son tries to force himself into a group of friends after being rejected and is pushed over. How to help him build character?
Should I report the mother of my children to the social services?
Parents pressuring me to choose a major
How do I get my 7 year old to learn their spelling words independently?
How to make my 2-year-old son sleep for more than 2 hours a night?
Losing mind over potty training!
Our 4-month-old child is allergic to milk products. Can we start giving him solid foods?
Out of control sibling
My son's friends suddenly prefer to play without him. Should I get involved or let the kids sort this out?
Wall decals above crib?
How to wash a 10-month-old whilst camping for 4 days?
How to deal with a fraternal twins "competition" issue?
Parents salt food too much
Trying to eliminate night time feeding, end up waking hungry very early
How to teach 7 month old twins naps after lunch?
What techniques can I use to get my six-year-old out of bed and dressed for school?
Long hours in new kindergarden?
How important should the color of a bike be to a 7-year-old girl?
How to cope with going back to work as a stay at home dad with two working parents
Make my firstborn adapt to baby
How do I help my four-year old feel like they can do a challenge?
How to make sure my 7-year-old daughter doesn't go outside alone, without scaring her or impacting her confidence?
Helping my four year old not mistake 'b' and 'd' (or 'p' and 'q')
When can we start give Sugar and Salts to infants?
Can feeding bottles harm our infant?
Is the expensive (organic, with DHA) milk better for my toddler than the regular milk?
What is next after a baby bouncing chair?
Toddler never picked up new foods since she was a baby. Does eat sweets of all kind
My 2 year old baby gets confused with "I" and "Y" while saying the alphabet, how can I help her?
My son is 6 and goes to the bath room but doesnt like to wipe
toddler - organized vs unorganized activity strategies
How to deal with an 18-month-old toddler pretending to not understand what we say to him?
11 year old fear of wetting pants
my 2yr old son's night bedwetting
How to help a 9-year-old boy learn to handle losing at games/sports?
Is being left-handed going to be more difficult for my son?
The children are making home messy
Opposing religious views causes serious problems with my mother
How to control an angry and stubborn 5-year-old child?
Can an infant sense if their mother is pregnant
At what age is handedness preference firmly established?
Cognitively impaired teen with type one diabetes is stealing food and binge eating
How to encourage our 11 month old to walk alone?
How to train infants to sleep in bed and in parent’s arms
Answering questions about why words are pronounced/spelled as they are
At what age do trilingual toddlers develop consistent speech?
Migrating to another continent between vaccines
How to help my 5-year-old when other children don't want to play with him?
Is there a fun guide on infant cognitive abilities?
Should I trust the dogs instincts?
How do I give my child's age?
How can I teach a teenager to plan better and procrastinate less in his studies?
Should I seek a diagnosis for dyslexia for my daughter?
What are good ways to help a child understand danger better?
my daughter just turned 4 years old she doesn't like going poop in the toilet
Getting things done - balancing directives vs. autonomy (elementary school age)
Fake driver's license discovered -- how to deal with situation?
Purposely walking slowly to/from preschool?
How to encourage a child to speak truth about the wrong deeds she has done?
My son is discouraged
How a child can tell if his bottom is clean enough?
Kids are yelling over the fence
Acting up for Daddy
2.5 year old afraid of other kids
How to get my teenage son out of the house in the summer?
Mother won't let me buy a new car (cultural clash in parent-child relationships)
Neighbor's child is trying to spend all her time with us
What to do about my 11-month-old refusing all types of fluid including breast milk?
Too much computer?
How do we determine the right amount of babyproofing?
How can I stop my toddler from playing with electronic appliances?
Toddler crying in the early morning
Continually whining unhappy baby
Health risk to my unborn child due to alcohol and drug use before finding out I was pregnant?
How to encourage a baby to use rusks or prepare the rusks
How to talk with my six-year-old
How can I start a hobby when I have to take care of my 15-month-old baby?
Almost 9 year old regularly seeking attention
2.5 years old kid is want toys that other Kids have at play time
5 1/2 yo wants money to buy junk food at day camp
My 7-yrs old daughter asks the same questions everyday at the same time
How to make my son stop hitting his playmate?
How should I discuss the cheerleading squad uniform policy with the coach?
My daughter's friend faked having cancer - our daughter found out via Facebook and is devastated. What do we do?
Head control of 6 month old baby
Does a newborn/infant need to lay flat in a stroller
How do you entertain a 7 week old infant?
When do the sense of independence kick in, in toddler's?
How can I find out if audio books contain sex or violence before I listen to them near my child?
How to handle a 10 year-old's scary imaginings?
Should I allow my 19 year old son to sleep during the day?
At what age do childen develop empathy?
Should soap be used when bathing a new born
I believe that I may be the father of someone famous. How should I proceed?
The right way to address someone else's child?
Do Soothies cause nipple confusion?
Tips for helping my 4-year old daughter transition classes at daycare?
What order should my child watch Baby Einstein?
At what age do toddler's become picky?
how to teach a child to keep calm when encountering a setback
How to tell parents of guests that we had a loud fight during a sleepover?
What consequences should there be for a 5 year old, who throws tantrums when told "no" or constantly wants her way?
How to deal with toddler's fear of dogs?
What to do about my son constantly hurting and using demeaning words to my daughter?
Is 5 hours too long of a drive for single parent with 2 year-old?
Colic has worsened while traveling
Getting a 2-year-old to stop deliberately vomiting
My 9 year old saw an R rated movie
Why is my child so scared?
What to do about my almost 5-year-old always having to be first in everything or else crying and fighting?
Raising a bilingual kid in monolingual community
4 year old child not responding without prompting
Seven month baby won't sleep or nap for short period
How to help almost 2-year-old stay asleep after traumatic experience?
What are the vegetables we can feed a two years old baby?
Should we let our toddler cry herself to sleep when she asks for night feeding?
How to handle a bully-daughter-in-law and a henpecked-son?
80s-era computing experience in 2016?
Kid reading too fast
Toddler really likes construction vehicles
Getting used to Stomach Sleeping
Teenage withdrawal into iPod
Encouraging good homework habits at preschool age
3 year old cries when the teacher raise her voice
How common is spanking a middle schooler in the US?
How do we get our daughter to tell us the real reason?
How to discuss with my kids returning to dating
How do i stop my 5yr old repeating herself and is she fine?
5 year old. Still needs us to fall asleep
WIC - Why aren't all jars of baby food WIC approved?
What diapers are septic safe?
How to potty train a reluctant 3 yr old who's language delayed
How to help my 8-year-old who has selective mutism and doesn't say a word at school?
Toddler requires Mom or Dad to stay in the room to fall asleep
How can I get my children to develop a half sibling relationship
How to control my 3 year old son
How to deal with our almost 4-year-old who is out of control and no punishments worked so far?
Toddler's head falling back in car seat
What would the average walking speed of a group 6 year olds?
How come when we pick up a baby or first reaction is to rock them, even if you have never ever held a baby before?
Baby fights to get out of arms, cries when I put him down
My 5 year old is disrespectful & bad at school
Son's girlfriend does not say "hello" when she comes to our house. Is this disrespectful?
My 5-year-old daughter is out of control. What can I do?
Wife uses threats on 4yrold - as her goto method
Playing Imagination Game with my 5-year-old girl
How to motivate a 3 year old to answer "yes" or "no"
How to read to a 4-year old and a 2-year old at the same time
Brandy for Kids
15 months old and above baby: sleep discipline
Disadvantages of feeding infants oranges
What could cause my baby's bedroom to smell like bread after sleep?
20m Old Baby Is Insanely Cranky + Clingy + Not Leaving Her Mom, We Are At Our Wits End!
Worried that Kumon tutoring is not working for our daughter
What is the proper way for boys to wipe/clean their pee and poo after using the toilet?
Is my 2 year old son jealous of his kid brother?
How to console a baby who prefers to cry alone?
Son cries intensively every morning when I bring him to day care, but he ostensibly likes it there
How to react to a girl's mum inviting themselves to my daughter's party?
my 3year old baby girl hold poop in since she was young. what I can do?
How do I help my sister's son grow up?
3-year-old boy co-sleeps: kicks and hits us in sleep
Why do babies move this much when sleeping?
What skills should a 4-year-old have when it comes to counting and memorizing numbers?
How to engage with a 2 year old who wouldn't sit still?
What are some good food options for a one year-old?
How to Handle Multi-Language Situation
Why does my 12-month-old slap us?
Daughter wants to eat cake meant for mommy - should I let her decide herself?
How to make my 3.5-year-old stop pinching his teacher, classmates, siblings and parents?
My boy just turned 4 and is about to start Pre-kindergarten. He won't poop in potty, only pull-ups
6 weeks pregnant and having trouble eating regular foods?
How to deal with a very incorrigibly naughty 5-year-old who?
Transitioning to Underwear
How can I convince a teenager to follow instructions?
dad jobless, scraping by
What is a good approach for asking friends in a sensitive situation to be legal guardians?
From what age should I require the child to complete her homework?
11 year old leaking or wetting pants while laughing
1 year old not sleeping
Can wife and I handle pre/post our baby birth problems without our parents' help?
10 year old avoiding school as parent criticises and changes school texts
My step son cries every time he is dropped off
Is it the wrong time for me to introduce a 2nd language to my toddler?
Dads and nurseries
How to make my 3-year-old stop throwing things at people?
Baby falling backwards when he learn to sit
What happens when you feed cold milk to a baby?
Zipper on Newborn Sleeper Gowns
Monolingual parents encouraging language skills early
Why is my 9 month old not sleeping through the night?
How long does breastmilk last if it was in the refrigerator then left out for close to 2 hours and put back in the refrigerator?
Newborn handstand pose
How to help a 2-year-old settle in day care where a foreign language is spoken?
2 1/2 year old boy, hates meat, and most veggies
At what age should I tell my daughter that her real mother is dead?
Is it normal for a 3.5-year-old child to get sick every month?
3 year old scratches herself
How to tell off a 2-year-old boy
Inadvertently hurting others' children
How do I tell my daughter she has a half-sister who wants nothing to do with her?
How do I get my son to talk to me?
Am I making the right decision for my child in removing the father’s choice?
Toddler refuses to drink milk from cup. Phase out bottle?
How to temporarily straighten very thick and curly hair?
Long-term effects of leaving newborn sleep through the night without feeding
Is it okay to leave a 6-month-old with her grandparents to go on a week-long vacation?
How to "get to know" my girlfriend's toddler?
What is the risk of SIDS for babies which sleep on their stomach (no other risk factors)?
How should the parent respond when a teenager tells about their ended relationship?
Has any research been done on benefits of Montessori schooling?
Son has roughly 20 lice. Could he got them just yesterday?
Can running with 8-month-old in a jogging stroller in the forest be harmful to the child?
My 12 year old daughter just smiles when we're trying to talk to her after she gets in trouble
Toddler stuttering
Playground diy or prefab
What to do about my 12-year-old son who doesn't show interest in anything?
Is getting an oval nipple from breastfeeding indicative of a problem?
Breastfeeding and a Job Interview
What's a healthy, non-perishable, keep-it-in-the-car-and-forget-it snack for a toddler?
What are some of the risks to a child of a divorce going to trial?
Preschooler attaching to another parent
I think my husband and I are the reason for our 18 month old delayed development issues
How to teach my son that winning is not everything and to lose graciously? My son cries when he loses and quits playing the game
How to store breastmilk?
Baby won't settle down without mother
What do I do about my mom setting her expectations too high?
Six year old boy screams
Child goes crazy (almost possesed) when woken up from a nap in car
What to do about my extremely possessive 3-year-old who doesn't mingle with other kids?
My child stopped speaking mother-tongues, is this normal?
My mum is very intrusive
How to get a toddler to nap in the carseat during a distance drive
How can I get my child (two and a half) to vocalize, to make any sounds,
How to get a 2-year-old to stay in his seat belt?
Is construction noise harmful to a newborn and how to protect them?
How to deal with a 20-month-old demanding to be picked up all the time?
My 6-year-old daughter's undies get stuck to her skin. How to solve this problem?
I just learned my 15 year old daughter has come out to her friends - should I say anything to her...OR to my wife?
21-month-old crying for hours starting at the daycare door
How to teach a 4 year old about religion in a non-religious household
How to control and raise a hyperactive brother?
How to make my toddler stop biting his nails if at all?
How to make my 18-year-old son get a job while in college?
How to help my 2-month-old, who hasn't pooped for 4 days, to poop?
Parents that do not allow outlets for stress
Is breastfeeding success possible when baby has "bubble palate"?
My three year old wants everything my five year old is playing with
23 month old child won't eat unless entertained
Language learning app for a toddler
How to help my 7 year old daughter with ADD organize her room?
My girlfriend has mentioned disowning her 14 y/o transgender daughter
Is a child adopted into a mixed-race family considered mixed race as well?
14 month old walking but not standing up on his own
How to make our 5-year-old stop biting children at school?
My husband and I have different opinions on parenting
The human moments - the bigger picture
4 year old won't nap
How can I be more meaningful in my thanks to my parents?
How can I address my kindergarten son not eating at lunch?
Potty training set back after estranged father returns
Is clenching teeth normal for a toddler when they are angry?
Chai tea latte ok for toddler?
What kind of bottle can I use to make a heavy duty sensory calm down bottle?
5 year-old is feeling charitable, but how do I help with direction?
Is there a maximum temperature for mixing formula?
How to calm down a fully excited and fully charged toddler?
How to change a 4-year-old's violent and defiant behavior when his parents made him our responsibility?
Sleeping and eating issues at night for a 3 month baby
What are effective strategies against social phobia?
Is screaming a phase?
7 year old has tantrums only at home
How to deal with a pre-travel conflict with my mother about overpacking?
Are there good educational apps for a 4-year-old where learning unlocks play time?
Child's dad is asking to visit, but is using drugs and uncooperative
Baby monitor for outdoor use?
1-year old cries when denied the things he wants
3 year old not even close to being potty trained
How can the non-custodial parent remain a strong influence in their children's lives?
My 8-year-old son won't go to the toilet at school
How to make my preschooler stop acting out in school when I don't even know who started it?
How do I punish my 4-year-old for biting at school?
Why there is so much social prejudice against adoptive single fathers?
Who is lying about throwing away a slice of pizza?
My son's arrogant behaviour
Can having a computer game temporarily go blank when kids are too loud have adverse emotional effects?
What to do with my pre-teen daughter who has been out of control since a severe accident?
English present for a non-English child?
Two Year Old Being Intentionally Disobedient
What methods can be used to improve handwriting?
Two Year Old Won't Toilet Outside of Home
Parent breaking privacy 17-years-old
Will a road trip (travel) make an infant weaker and more prone to illness?
How do I change my Brother negative thinking, and bad attitude and addiction towards computer games
Looking for a Non Animal Based Formula
Is it a good idea to ask the pre-schooler to donate the old toys if she wants new ones? If not, then how to encourage her to donate willingly?
How to explain to young children what a web developer does
How could i change behavior of my 12 year's son?
How to make 4-month-old fall asleep during the day and nap longer?
My 3-year-old screams and smashes his forehead on the floor when he doesn't get what he wants. How can I stop this?
What avenues can we give to our 6 year old daughter to help socialize with those outside her immeidate family?
Settling in toddler in daycare
An Adult Child and a Difficult Ex
Why is my 6-year-old son yelling or being very loud when talking?
How can I explain to my parents I do not want to find a job yet?
What to do about my 2-year-old crying out loud at the noise made from a toy and is it too early to teach him to be independent?
My 21-year-old adult son hates me
How should staff deal with loud children in oral surgeon office lobby?
If a baby is accidentally dropped by a parent, does the baby lose trust in the parent?
How can I positively affect my underage roommate?
At what age should I enroll my child in daycare in Denmark?
How to encourage 2 year old to co-operate
1-year old has trouble sleeping at night
Control and power struggles with 4-year-old - runs off and gets angry when challenged
My 12 month old won't sleep at night
Am I interrupting my husband's parenting?
Recommendations on helping a 4 year old with speech difficulty
Potty Training a stubborn 3 and a half year old
What risks are there to a baby finding and eating marbles?
Teenage daughter refusing to go to school
Helping 4 year old deal with stuffy nose
How to help my son to be himself?
Sleeping nightmare with my 9-month-old baby
Friend believes chemtrails are triggering her son's asthma
Getting 3-year-old to hurry up
At what age should a child be expected to learn to "hold it"
How to handle the father of my 11-year-old son who just met him for the first time in our son's best interest?
What is the healthiest way to approach my estranged 17-year-old son?
Should I allow my child to make an alternate meal if they do not like anything served at mealtime?
What to do about my 3-year-old crying and throwing a fit about going to daycare?
My 5-year-old son is not disciplined in class
Can anyone give me advice on my son's father?
Why does my baby cry when I hold her while sitting down?
How can I soothe a teething baby that doesn't want anything put in his mouth?
Child throws things...how to handle it?
How to get kid to sleep to previous normal time after Daylight Saving Time ends?
What to do about a 5-year-old girl being violent and insulting?
How do you get your kids to do their chores at home?
My child spit water in another kid's face - now what?
Assessing behavioural difficulties in toddler
How to encourage a six-year-old to habitually drink more fluids?
Son 2-3 years old doesn't want to eat porridge/cereal
How to convince my dad to accept his job offer since we have no other income source?
How can I get my 5 year old son to be a better listener and have respect for his classmates and teachers?
How to deal with an unsupportive parent
My kids watch YouTube - how do I control what they see?
Child's sleep schedule vs Parents'
Couple separated 18 months ago (irremediably), sharing custody of two children. Good or bad idea to share weekend experience together with the kids?
6 year old daughter: a bully? manipulative? sensitive? or just difficult?
My parents are the reason I'm crying myself to sleep.
How to deal with the pre schooler who hates wearing uniform daily?
chickenpox virus
Were the Principal's Actions Appropriate?
Dad always rushes me even when there is no rush
Should I try to reconnect my 16-year-old daughter with her father?
Is it a problem to keep getting my kids small toys / trinkets? 2 and 4 year old
My 11 year-old daughter wants to create a Facebook account
6-year-old is crazy only with us
Why do vitamins & minerals recommendations for babies vary per country
How do I explain to my five year old daughter that I am seeing someone?
People keep on lavishing praises on the physical beauty & attire of the pre-schooler. How do I counter the negative side effects?
What is this plastic piece included with the cradle cap sponge?
What to do about my out-of-control 12-year-old daughter?
What can I do to help my kid attain a high Intelligence?
How to influence son's sleep cycle
How do I train a toddler to bite and chew food?
How to tell kids about divorce when only one parent still loves the other?
It's winter. How to dress up my 2-year-old daughter for daycare?
How to convince mom to throw out large amounts of garbage she brought home?
Is yelling often at kids equivalent to abuse?
How can I, as a father, help develop my 5-year-old daughter's self-esteem?
Do you give gifts to your child's teachers and caregivers?
Unhealthy Teenage Relationship
How can I motivate a 13-year-old girl to take better care of her appearance?
My two-year-old wets through his diaper at night, what to do?
Can you tell if toddler speech is delayed at 15 months?
At what age will I be able to leave the child alone at home for long intervals?
How much crying/tantrum is normal for a 2-year-old starting daycare?
How do you respond when someone is extending unsolicited parenting advice?
Seventeen year old daughter wants to take an international trip to meet someone she met online
What to do with a teenage girl who won't stop lying?
Teen: How to tell my parents that I have friends
Angry 7 Year-Old
My 2 yo wakes up every single hour. What should I do?
How can I determine when I'm ready for children?
How can we reduce the likelihood of repeating our parents' mistakes?
23-month-old son does not listen or acknowledge
What are the legal, emotional, and/or behavioral repercussions of confiscating money as a punishment?
My 15 months old daughter screams a lot
15 month swallows everything without chewing
4 year old giving "bad advice" to his 16-month old sister
Why is my 5-year-old son always interested in baby toys?
Room sleeping temperature for babies in tropical climates
My 13 year old brother is causing stress in the family
Should I financially assist my child in paying for college?
How to help an 8 year old to be honest?
Is saying "I told you so", always, to my kid when she gets into or creates trouble despite my warning a wrong thing?
Will a child understand what's wrong about asking for things costing money and then not wanting them, when you confiscate some of their money?
Can I put my infant to sleep downstairs and then move him in the crib?
How to deal with my parents frequently getting mad at my life choices?
5 year old defers going to the toilet until it is almost late
Research into dealing with kids biting
Should I let my adult daughter know that I am her biological father?
Research on post-partum depression, child behavior and effective treatment?
Explaining a quick & unforeseen daycare change
11 weeks and concern of THC in babys system at birth
How to stop my 12 year old brother's addiction to video games?
How to best handle a mother who does not enjoy staying with her kids
How can I decide whether to raise my teenage son's allowance?
How long is breast milk good out of the freezer?
Should a 6 year old's grandmother be kept away if she is abusive to her father?
Baby daddy's jeliouse controlling rebound
Parents disagree on type of music for toddler's listening
How to deal with siblings always quarreling over simple situations?
Is it ok to play a computer game with a 3yo
Should I push my parents to divorce?
How can I work with a math teacher who is having trouble differentiating learning?
Conflict with parents concerning school & grades
What is the correct age to discuss words with taboo definitions?
What is the day to day life like as a father?
Why does this special tune makes my 2.5 year old daughter sad?
Is it ok if my 15-month-old son stops breastfeeding by himself?
Toddler screaming "no" for hours
9-year-old received tablet as gift, but he does not have the self-control or maturity to own a tablet
How can I explain the concept of strike (labor strike) to a 6 years old?
How can I forget children toys riffs?
3 Years Old boy leaking or wetting Pants
How can I help my 8-year-old to learn calmly?
My almost 6-month-old baby has a sleep problem since she turned 4 and a half. What can I do and did I do something wrong?
How can we get our son to stop sleeping in our bed?
Are there any more powerful ideas in educating kids about self discipline?
How can I make my baby try and talk
Is a Rubik's cube an appropriate gift for a 15-month-old child?
How can I teach a child fire is dangerous?
Is there any benefit in reading to a baby 2 weeks old?
Will cradle swing cause concussion to young infant?
Encopresis frustration
What benefits does using "baby talk" provide, and how do you maximize those benefits?
What's the best way to deal with a toddler who cries/paddies when she doesn't get her own way?
Resisting and screaming toddler.
My daugter could not retain letter names prior to kindergarten, now she is taking piano and can't remember letter names. Help!
How can I help my 7-year-old deal with anxiety?
21mo escaping crib and sleep regression
3-year-old says they need to go, then don't go
How to encourage 9 year old to stop whining and independently practice their math?
Is my granddaughter Transgender?
My 4yo son is addicted to cartoons. Do I need to forcefully control his watching habits or should I let him watch?
What age should you start enforcing board game rules?
Mindfulness Meditation for 6 year old with ADHD, ASD
Should a parent stop "destructive play"?
Help...IM NOT SURE WHO THE FATHER IS
At what age should parent of opposite sex stop taking their children to changing room?
To hold a newborn upright too early (under 2 months) will harm his spine?
As an adult, how to react when parents try to micromanage
How do I get my 8-year-old, who was diagnosed with ADHD, to be respectful and do her chores?
DIY Crib Activity Gym
I really need help to not let my parents get a divorce
My friend's kids are a bad influence on my children
2 year old daughter unable to chew
How to make twin toddlers stop biting each other without physical punishment?
6 year old takes too long to do anything
Why are the rear wheels on most strollers larger than the front wheels?
Kid hates lessons - Dropping Kumon English
Do my parents hate me?
Can living with my father be a detriment to my ability to parent and be a father figure for my own children?
How to tell my parents I want to marry my girlfriend
Why is trying to talk children out of how they feel a bad idea?
How to fix 21 month sleep regression
How to have quality time with my god daughter without her father getting jealous?
How do I help an 11-year-old who says "I want to die"?
How should children be treated with regards to meeting their sperm donor?
How to encourage a child to learn to swim instead of playing at pool?
After divorce: alternating parents in the kids' home or alternating kids in parents' houses?
17 Year Old Moving Out or Staying Home?
When is it OK to take a newborn swimming?
Is it bad being a "bad influence" for my younger cousin?
How do I deal with the father of my child hating my parents?
How to deal with kids that bully my kids?
Help. 4 year old won't potty
Crying during bed-time routine?
How to address with a child that a deceased actress appears in an upcoming movie?
3 1/2 yo. girl urinates without telling anyone - but only in school
18 month old sleep issues
How to help my adult son who lives at home, is depressed and withdraws from the outside world?
Sleeping problems
Children and Cell phones
5-month old daughter's sleep pattern problems
Do I have to worry about my 2-year-old son's social skill?
practice problems for an 8 year old
How to handle a toddler's infinite cycle of hand washing - getting hands dirty - putting hands in mouth
What to do if baby chokes on bottle or pacifier?
How to keep myself safe (during pregnancy) from abusive ex-boyfriend
Is the 'naughty chair' an effective strategy to punish children?
Visiting my mother causes problems for me. How can I handle her behavior and attitude better?
Culture differences
2-year old started resisting going anywhere
Should my children steer clear of the "bad kids"?
Reward system for toddlers + older kids?
How to tell your child it's no longer funny/a game?
3 days ago, my doctor pressed my belly really hard and I haven't felt movement from my baby since then. Should I be worried?
Stealing and lying
Not having continuous sleep in the night
Trying to improve brother's toxic behavior towards depressed mother
What to do after my nephew showed a graphic video to my 9-year-old son?
Help 8 yr old sleep through the night
My father just gets mad when there's a problem instead of trying to resolve it
Should I be concerned about my almost 1-year-old baby being scared to walk?
How to persuade toddler to wear pullup nappies?
How should a parent handle sensitive topics regarding a child of the opposite sex?
How do you as teacher deal with children who like to hug you?
Traveling with a 5 and a half months old for a whole month; options on strollers?
Bringing work organizational effectiveness practices home to the family?
What can I do when my parents want a divorce?
My son started kindergarten and doesn't like writing his name. How should I think about this?
Should bad feelings of a child not be mirrored?
What to do about a 19-month-old not talking?
Bully broke my sons bone, what next?
How to make my 3-year-old tell me that he needs to use the potty?
What are some games that I can play with my toddler son?
Seeking advice, guidance and tips for behavioral improvement
Soft drinks, at which age I should let child to drink
Writing lessons for pre-KG child
How can I get my toddlers to (let me) wash their faces and hair?
How to approach my adult son and his ex wife about my son's likely fatherhood of her baby when both deny it?
Am I giving a bad example to other people's children by buying junk food in supermarket?
Are vitamins supplements required for young children?
Any Research on the Effects of Mobile/Cellphone Usage on Childhood Development?
Is there evidence to suggest that young boys articulate their learning differently to girls?
should i buy my toddler a punching bag?
How old is too old to spank?
Which is more important for a baby: keep the baby happy or keep the baby healthy
How to help a bullied child (without involving parents or teachers)
Our 10 month old baby spits food in our faces to entertain us
My five year boy child is not able to speak letters starting with "L" or "R" clearly
How to stop a (seven-year-old) child from constantly making silly, nonsensical noises and actions?
Persistent NON Sleeper
Toddler talks only with family members
What should be the parents' attitude towards toddlers dancing in public?
Toddler cries when leaving friends
At which age do I let my daughters wear makeup?
How do I tell my nine year old that his dad isn't his dad and that his biological father died before he was born?
How to help my 5th grader learn math with me?
Snoring Toddlers
How to teach toddlers that rude words are inappropriate?
In what age range would an infant touch a body part because of pain?
How To Address Disagreements In Parenting With Non-Custodian Parent
Strategies to reduce stress at mealtimes
How will parents fighting affect kids?
My 13-year-old daughter is talking to a 20-year old girl on the internet. Is this normal?
Should I play Minecraft with my kids?
11 month old doesn't want to be away from mom or dad
6 y/o hates himself, everyone and threatens suicide and violence
How to help 3 year old realize that he has to pee?
Imitating parents behavior, is it safe
Is it a bad idea to have a kid sleep in his/her own room since birth?
My 18 month daughter wants to leave the apartment all the time
How to deal with my 2-year-old daughter crying and getting angry when we don't give her what she asks for?
5 month old not eating enough
3-year-old wants to 'do it herself' when it's already done
At what age can you detect hearing problems in infants
My 5 year-old son is defiant, especially at school. How can I improve his behavior?
My parents are upset that I don't visit enough. I live four hours away and I do not want to spend time with them. What should I do?
Toddler doesn't like physical activities
How to tackle sugar addiction
How to explain the "brutal" ways of wildlife and nature to a kid and when?
Is it potentially harmful to a 2-year-old to still sleep in a room with her parents?
How to prevent 4 year old from putting things in mouth
Potential unsafe environment for toddlers, how to keep them safe
How to further an aptitude toward early literacy?
How lasting is adult behavioral influence on toddlers?
My 16-year-old daughter has new personal items she hides - how can I make her to be more open?
Is it too late to read for my baby?
My daughter repeats the same 2 numbers and when asking me questions tells me what to say and how to say it. Is this just a phase?
Is there any scientific evidence for TV being intrinsically harmful to children, or is it the loss of what TV replaces that is harmful?
Why does my 5.5 nap so little during the day?
How to talk to my 6-year-old son about his biological father?
How to explain the concept of past / future to a kid?
Is it ok if a newborn sleeps on his side?
What age limit is appropriate for using tools (such as screwdrivers, hacksaw, drill, etc.)?
5.5 Month old turns onto her stomach during sleep, should I turn her onto her back again?
How to deal with my 12 year old son being allegedly caught cheating at school
How to handle day care provider that tells baby to stop crying?
What to do about my 3-year-old acting out in daycare?
What are the effects of chocolate on babies?
How do I calm a frustrated 6-year-old?
Toddler pooping to get out of quiet time
Why aren't pacifiers used to stop infants from crying in airplanes?
How to control tantrums when neigbors don't let the kid "cry it out"?
Thinking about a divorce
My child wants GTA V for his birthday
How to help my 4-year-old son who has a stuffy nose but doesn't understand yet how to blow his nose?
Better to struggle taking Honors/AP courses or take easier courses?
Why does my daughter spin around for fun?
Why doesn't my one-year-old son walk?
What can a parent do when his child has an incompetent teacher?
Should I babysit my step granddaughter?
Difficulties in Raising Religious Children With Non Religious Fiance
Discipline and how to properly address a 7yr old with behavior/stubbornness & crying for everything
Stand or collar to hold bottle for warming in pot
Topics for kids for moving in with girlfriend and kids
My child is afraid of death
How do I help the neighbor's kids not be so scared of me?
6yo son doesn't want to return to mother after scheduled contact
Vacationing with Grandparents
My 3-year-old is not speaking but pointing
My parents don't follow simple rules of house keeping when they come over
What to teach first: How to recognize numbers or letters?
Strong-willed, 14 year old. Caught with e-cigarette paraphernalia and a condom
4 to 5 year old child taking time to answer questions
How can a single person take care of a fussy 6-month-old baby?
9 months old baby wakes up 8-10 times per night
Can a 3-month-old baby get addicted to TV?
What can I do about a 10-year-old who can't seem to understand that hitting is wrong?
How long should you use white noise to help baby sleep?
How to convince a young child with ASD to begin ADHD medicine?
How can I get my 13-month-old to sleep in his own bed
My almost 3-year-old refuses to poop at all! How can I help him?
How do you help a primary schooler who is struggling after a death in the family?
Are fidgets an effective tool for helping ADHD children focus?
Is that wrong to shake a bottle with baby formula milk?
Feeding a picky 18 month old - too early to send to bed hungry?
What are age appropriate projects for 5-year-old interested in electronics?
How to resolve disagreement about having kids?
Another girl is copying from our daughter in the Mock Sat Test!
Is it possible to train a 3-month-old breastfed baby to sleep through the night? And if yes, how?
6 month old hitting her head on the floor when turning over onto her back
How to figure out which of my children is lying to me?
Getting out of rewards for what kid does
Toddler wakes many times in night
Should I lie to young children?
Older sibling demands more attention
Disclosing parent separation to all children together or each one separately
6.5 month old still not feeding enough
How can a parent who is known by their child or teen not to be teetotal raise their offspring in sobriety?
How to deal with two 10- and 12-year-old brothers fighting?
How can I stop my parents from fighting?
Condoms in a care package: Parents advice
My 7-year-old doesn't want to go to before-school childcare - how do I engage her with the opportunities in this situation?
How to stop a toddler disturbing mother's eating
Are sit and stand strollers suitable for 4-month-old infants?
Which pitfalls should I watch out for when dealing with my half-sister who hasn't been aware of my existence for 25 years?
A stranger's child throws a piece of garbage onto the ground, out of sight of their parents. Should I say or do anything?
How to parent for an effectively private child?
How do I make a decision about a precedent for my child going to sleepovers?
Need guidance on several issues with my 6.5 month old
How to plan/prepare for raising a child
How concerned should I be about husband's anger display around baby?
Do babies want to be carried in order to develop their eyes?
Teaching my 3-year-old to be nice, but values conflict between good and real. What should I do?
What are baby scissors for?
1yr baby feeling hungry at night but not feeding instead crying
My 9 month old is not crawling
6.5 month old weight growth stalled
How to respond to 17 year old daughter going out with a 25 year old man?
Both parents are exhausted from 6.5 month old child waking up every hour at night
Should children decide with which parent to stay after friendly divorce
How to help my 18-year-old who may be the victim of bullying?
Have you experienced shaming of motherhood and how did you cope with it?
Parenting an adult child who has recently experienced great trauma
11month old baby fall
My 1-year-old cries several times a night. Could it be pain and what to do about it?
Toddler sleeping with head covered
My kid slops through her chores or takes forever to do it. I've tried everything
My 2 month old baby keeps looking into light
4-year old unconcerned about pending death of pet
How to make my 8-year-old son repay for a broken item?
What are the guidlines for 6-month-olds sucking toys?
Can a 7-month-old baby be lifted upside down?
6 year old is suddenly (shockingly) rude
How to get my child to play alone?
Toddlers cries when mum or grandparents leave the living area
My son is refusing to pee
Does reunification therapy work with 15 year old?
How do I keep my step-son in line when the Mother turns around and rewards him for bad behaviour after I had just got done telling him "no"?
3.5 Year Old Boy Crying, Not Potty Training, Does Not Listen, and Is Mean To Others
How do you support/cope with your 15yr old daughter wanting to become a boy?
Our 3½ yo girl is frustrated by not being able to colour within the lines
How do you parent an adult child with a horrible ex?
How to deal with sibling/child who doesn't contribute and is stressing out their parents whom they live with?
How to handle a biting toddler in the crèche?
Does my ex-GF have daddy issues?
Is it necessary to cut a baby's hair?
How do I explain to my 3-year-old the difference between biological dad and step-dad?
7 year old son is soiling himself
18 month old hitting siblings
social skill concern raised
Does scaring children really traumatize them?
Foster care for a friend's kids
Does a biological parent have the right to attend all parent teacher conferences?
Is my stepson being exposed to something inappropriate?
Has W. Fowler's infancy reading method been replicated/improved?
How can I be more sympathetic towards my children when they are injured?
What are the non stimulating games that can be played before bedtime to keep the kid engaged?
Best exercise for flat feet in toddler
How to help our autistic 13-year-old-son who has a withholding issue and gets senna?
Is it okay for a child to focus on one toy type?
Labeling children's clothing
Helping teenage son to get over his crush
12 year old boy is totally out of control
Teacher appreciation week
2 year old won't let us clip toenails
Potty a 2 year old, who uses the potty in day care, and not at home
Is it ok to stop breast milk at 7.5 month?
7-month-old boy does not want to drink
Hygiene vs Family: My 7 year old little girl refuses to drink from 6 year old sister's bottle
How do I tell my 13-year-old son I am his biological father?
I don't like my mom and she is coming to stay with me, how to prevent it or handle in the best way?
The teacher erased 3 pages of my 5 year old's completed homework
How to stop my mom and dad from interfering while I drive?
My two year old will not keep her diaper on and will poop in bed and on the floor
6 year old daughter's friend chronically mean to my 7 year old daughter
5yr old son becomes much more disobedient in public vs. in private
I am having a hard time dealing with my 11 year old niece
Possible problems in a family without a car
How to motivate my extremely lazy 12-year-old?
Should I start teaching my 2.4-year-old mathematics?
Five year old wets through night pullup
How to foster t-ball enthusiasm in a five year old
5yr old Addicted to Mobile Devices - Need Advice!
Gifts for teachers at private schools?
Do I enforce a punishment/retribution promised some time ago?
How do you teach kids appreciation and respect for other cultures?
My 3 year old daughter has stopped speaking to me when her mother is around. How can I improve my relationship with her?
I don't want to be an involved grandparent. How do I let my son know?
My husband is likely the father of a child, but the child doesn't know. Is it too late with the child being 12 years old?
What is a good milk substitute for toddlers?
Does excess sugar intake cause aggressiveness in children
Do parents get punishment too?
Tips for school bus driver at private schools?
How to deal with my 8-year-old son's behavioural problems at school and at home?
Parent insists I lied and getting punished for it
Caught mum in my room reading one of my letters
Five year old successfully built a Lego set meant for 6-12 year olds. Does this mean anything?
How to get my 5-year-old to stop whining and crying about everything?
Child wearing glasses, does he need them?
How to tell my mother that the way she handled my little brother's try to hurt a kid disappoints me?
5-month-old breast-fed baby is regressing on her sleeping pattern after given formula milk
What would you do if you are pretty sure your son is heading towards a disastrous marriage?
Mom Reading My Texts and Emails
Should the father be in the picture?
How to encourage my 7 year old to move on from her preschool friend?
How do I tell my best friend that he is mentally abusing his small child
Is the mother a better primary caregiver than the father?
Helping a child who's still developing language skills to understand she's being given a chance to make a decision
Is my child's cooperativity a trait or a choice?
Separated parents. As a dad, how do I exercise tough love without being the bad guy?
My 8 year old daughter tries to "guess" the words while she tries to read. Any tip to address this?
Research request on marriage for out-of-wedlock pregnancy
What are the options when the mother of a 7 year old is imprisoned?
dilemma with my four year old only daughter re: her dad
When do I tell my child that her dad is not her biological father
How to keep car seat from lifting off seat when tightening?
Is a four hour long drive too much for a 9.5 month old?
Skater teen wears shoes with holes, and doesn't care
My wife wants a homosexual child
What can I do to help an 8.5 month old become more outgoing
Teaching young children about American Indian history
Wife agrees with parenting, but is intentionally less strict
What to do or how to feel if my parents want a divorce but say that it is my and my brothers fault also?
How to cope with my guilt about the way I punished my child?
How to teach my 7-year-old daughter to not be so melodramatic when dealing with bullying and any stressful situation?
How to handle value mis-alignment between parents and kids?
How to discourage my 3-year-old from intentionally squishing bugs?
Toddler won't settle down with dad
How to help my antagonistic 10-year-old learn necessary skills when he doesn't want to participate in any classes?
My 16 year old son says he is depressed
Why do I have negative feelings about my mother?
How to properly discipline a toddler?
16 year old boy with existential crisis
How can I help my parents?
How to deal with tantrums in my 5-year-old?
My children's Mother's new boyfriend is potentially abusing my child
How do I get my daughter to take physical education (PE) classes?
Is it worth my child continuing kumon maths if they don't like it?
Should I be concerned about my 1-year-old and her mother moving in with a man I've never met?
When a baby cries, should we speak to it?
What's the problem with potty humor?
Study while pregnant
Will sitting on the potty for a boy affect his standing later during pee time?
What is the best investment of time & money for extracurriculars in primary school age?
Should I be concerned if my toddler doesn't use words for communication
How do I teach patience to my 7 year old son?
Allowing freedom of choice to toddler/preschooler isn't working, what next?
Should I continue to allow my ex extra visits with his daughter when he is so unhelpful to me?
leaking cloth diaper while in Ergo Baby
Do diapers have any effect on the shape of legs?
How should we support 16 year old step sister who ran away from home
How to sleep train an 8-week-old who sleeps through the day and is active at night?
Advice on dating when I have children
What is the method to change a diaper without any tables or chairs?
My 3-year-old daughter, who lives with my ex-wife, put me in time out in a dark room. Shall I be worried that she imitated what's being done to her?
1 month old baby screaming in pain but not sure how to alleviate
How would a child view a move based on materialism?
How to deal with parents that won't accept my alternate views
Does my toddler have night terrors or anything else?
My sister is talking to a guy way older than she is - should I let her?
Our baby prefers to turn to one side over the other - should we be concerned about symmetry?
Teenagers Ogling my Daughter. What to do?
Stories to help children learn how to tackle passive aggression and emotional abuse
Strange sleeping behavior of 9 month old
Family stress due to unemployment, ways to help my family?
8 year old daughter distressed at throwing anything away (packaging, tags etc)
Why am I so scared to become a parent?
My 2-year-old son can't speak beyond 2 words yet?
How to teach new parents to apply early childhood education to improve cognitive outcomes in their children?
Spending too much time with a parent causing strain on our relationship
How to help my 6-year-old son, who is being bullied by my roomate's 20-year-old son?
12 year-old son doesn't want to move to a new city
Father of my children wants to live together and have more kids, but does not want to commit to me. What should I do?
What is the proper way to praise the hardwork and patience of a child when she deserves it?
Time lapse between potty-training and poop-training?
Should I reach out to my 5-year-old's absent father?
Evidence that kids from big families are happier and better-functioning
How do I get my 3 year old to stop pooping in his pants?
Forcing my sister/child to do any activities outside from school. How to approach a child differently in order to get their interest?
How to answer my 4-year-old asking where she was when I was small and how she got in my tummy?
Proper approach about teaching to not bully others
How is my relationship with the siblings of my kid with special medical needs?
How to approach a stubborn parent about a rule that is harming my studying
How can I emphasize to my children the importance of developing social skills?
Seeking research on possible outcomes for children who are overly criticized
How do I tell my daughter the only dad she's ever known, isn't her biological dad?
Parental controls for Facebook?
Frequent night wakings - what can be done to help a mobile poor sleeper
How can I begin exposing my children to world news?
How to get my 6 month old baby boy, to have a better night
Activities that can engage two children of difference ages
Can I safely give my two year old a book he vomited on?
What is the most gentle way to break an association in a 15 months old?
How do I manage my toddler's fear to use the potty?
How to explain that I don't got to church to my little cousin
Family wants my 2.5 year old daugter to visit my declining grandmother
Fastest way back on schedule for a child that is past the age to nap
Setting boundaries with an emotionally abusive coparent - in a way that helps kids
Should my 12-year son see, how I fail?
How to get the attention of my 3.5-year-old?
How to end thumb sucking
Unsportsmanlike behaviour from my 7 year old son
20 month old doesn't follow commands
Children mimic parents, but what to do when it gets out of hand?
How to fix/better a relationship with a parent?
What to do when a child gets angry while trying to lead a group?
What to do about my almost 3-year-old son now going late to bed and wanting us to stay in his room with him?
Music that helps a baby to sleep
Being told I'm father to a son I don't want
How do I get junk off a reluctant toddler's teeth?
How to handle a 2 year old's preconceived ideas about the "gender" of toys
How to weigh a newborn at home?
What should I buy to prepare for being a new Foster Parent
What to do about my almost 3-year-old daughter pooing her nappy and not telling anyone?
Has bending the rules with my mother in law caused this issue?
Son chooses what my daughter chose then gets upset he doesn't get it
My parents got divorced and want financial information from me
How to confront my father about his alcoholism
Boy defending himself from sister, or fight back?
How can I help my 6 year old boy who has being bullied by one of his classmates?
How would I tell my Father-In-Law that he's being too lenient in disciplining my brother-in-law?
Can/should I ask a sitter to take first aid classes?
Avoid toddlers' bad breath
How to remain unaffected by my 10-year-old son's angry outbursts?
How to deal with my 9 year old son who is not listening to me
Trouble with parent who pushes the envelope in every argument
How to ask dad to back down re new diagnosis (ADD)
What's the motivation behind school uniforms {or} Why can't my daughter wear a dang princess on her shirt?
How to stop a 1-year-old from biting?
How can I get others to respect our toy/parenting choices?
How to help my 4-year-old son, who pretends play to be a girl with long hair, develop a stronger identity?
What to do with a 5 soon to be 6 year old that likes getting you upset?
6 and 9 year old having sudden sleep problems
When my 5-year-old is throwing a tantrum, should I leave her alone or stay?
How can I help my 11 year old daughter with encopresis?
Effective chore management system for large family
I want to teach my children the power of compound growth, what are some demonstrations that they can be a part of?
Grandparents mistreating my children
My 7 year old will not sleep
My younger brother doesn't want to do anything or leave his room
From bottle refusal to spoon refusal: what can I do to encourage feeding?
Grandparents want our three year old daughter to throw tantrums like her cousin did
Our 3 month old wakes up almost every hour through the night and wants to breastfeed only to wake up again 1 hour to half hour later
Divorced parents care less about me
How to teach a 3 year old to use an appropriate amount of toilet paper?
My dad still yells at me as an adult and I don't know how to react because he's my dad
One year in a foreign country with a three year old
What is the role of parents in conflicts between adult siblings?
Do babies get the benefits of breastmilk, even if they're not exclusively breastfed?
My daughter is refusing baby apron before eating
Between parents and marijuana smoking sister
When is it harmless to start taking a child to the cinemas?
How can I deal with adopted son who promised to the god he believes in to never to speak until he sees mommy again, when mommy is dead?
How do I teach my 7 year old son to share things?
How to deal with skin rash around a baby's neck?
An absent father not being absent anymore
How to help my daughter's 2-year-old son overcome his separation anxiety?
Should we always cuddle a toddler when it cries?
Will marijuana affect my baby?
Helping a Tension Increaser Sleep at Night without Feeding
Good book about parenting teens?
Strategies for 2-year-olds who play in bed instead of relaxing
Is 5 years old too old for a stroller?
4 years old violently shaking head when sleeping
Is it okay for a parent to cry in front of their children?
Putting a toddler to sleep and have him continue to sleep
How can I improve my visitation schedule with my child?
Teen may be racist
how do i discipline a stubborn and angry 13 year old daughter
Who behaved badly?
I have a negative parent. How do I tell her to stop being my counsellor?
Should you play games with a toddler that they're very good at and always win?
How to teach tolerance?
My 13 year old son is skipping school and I'm not sure how to proceed
How do I inspire creativity for my child?
Should we tell a child to say Thank you
Am I burping my 1-week-old too hard?
How to address a child having a racist friend?
How do I ease the tension after children's fight?
Sister does not want me to share details about myself with my nephew, how can I keep him from feeling I lied to him while keeping the secret?
Possibly long-lasting trauma as a newborn?
When Should We Take Our Baby to the Dentist?
5 year old kindergarten student threatened with expulsion
My toddler son likes to hug a playmate but the playmate (boy) often doesn't want to
My 5 year old got suspended for insubordination. This is his 2nd suspension how can I better help him
Why 3 three month old baby always turns her head in an awkward position?
How to cut the nails on my toddler?
Is unethical behavior during separation/divorce likely to affect future relationship with children?
Newborn baby sleeps a lot, cries little and less animated
At what point does confidence become obnoxious over-confidence?
Do girls and boys need different toys?
Strategies to read longer stories to a 3 years old
Strong-willed child? What am I missing?
Is a swim spa safe for a 5-year-old?
What to do about a 4 year old abusing animals?
How and when to tell my 5.year old son his "daddy" is gone?
How should I address daycare reports of misbehaving 4.5-year-old?
Should I cut ties with my child's father?
How to make a 10-year-old stop keeping phlegm in her mouth and playing with it?
How to avoid food waste while not forbidding experiments with food?
Is it save for my 13-year-old daughter to bike to school alone?
How to deal with over-inflated ego in teen
Is child too dependent to over-the-counter medication?
My newborn does not want to sleep at night
Consequences: Act or talk first?
How can I help my children who just found out my wife left us?
Almost 4-year-old still refusing to poop in the potty
Son was sent home from sleepover for behavior
Toddler has trouble keeping balance on bicycle - will training wheels help?
7 year old threw her iPad in anger and it smashed
How can I get my 6 year old son to listen at school and home?
Are there ways to help a gifted child find a best friend?
Caught my 16-year-old with his vape
What is the cause (or solution) to 10-min apart awakenings of 15 month old?
Allowing teen daughter to take two day trip with her girlfriend?
My 16 year old daughter got a speeding ticket
What are some healthy ways to control the speech of a child when parents are absent?
My child starts crying in the middle of night
Start daycare immediately or after a while in a foreign country
3 year old pees pants but doesn't notice
Did I do something stupid by moving my kids car seat with her still in it?
Our 5-year-old foster child lies and steals and my fiancé has given up on him. What can I do?
Potty Training a 3 year Old Foster Child
What to do with an adult child with a mental illness and drug taking
ADHD and physical activity prior to school work
Should we make a 13-year-old without any interests/hobbies do something?
Setting boundaries with parents regarding topics of conversation
Options when you feel your child is unsafe around another child?
Dating as a single parent - When do you introduce your kid?
How to encourage our 2.5-year-old to tell us when he needs to go to the potty?
My 11 year old daughter has encopresis that won't go away
What to do with my spoil (GROWN) children
How do you respond to unfriendly parent volunteers at your kid's school?
Making reading books the only option on long car commutes a bad idea?
Teaching my son a language he doesn't want to learn
What to do about my boyfriend's 6-year-old who behaves very badly when away from his parents?
8 year old son soils himself
Effective ways of learning nutritious foods, nutrition and balanced diet
What to do when minor son is drawn into religious group?
Little sister out of control
How to help 3-year-old son not immediately start whining/throwing fit
How to deal with my 13-year-old son's friend, who makes me feel uncomfortable?
How to explain to a toddler why she doesn't have siblings?
How can I establish new parental controls for older children
How to approach to parents only interested in success
How do I help a bunch of 5-7 year olds get over stage-fright when performing a song?
What can I tell and what can I ask of a 2nd grade teacher, about my child's health?
Is there any reason to change diapers even if there's nothing in them?
How to improve the relationship between 16 years old and his father?
Occasional Gift or Daily Reward?
I'm losing it, with a talkative toddler, a colicky baby, chores, work, and lack of sleep
How to discuss art which includes mild adult content with a child (around 8 years old)?
What to do about 3-year-old boy hitting kids at preschool when bored?
When does it become possible to spoil a child?
Good Mom or enabler?
Are my parents bullying my spouse with house rules?
1 month old, worried about overfeeding and sleep association
1 year old toddler changes pattern of sleep
Why do new borns stares at light?
Am I being stressful to my child by trying to teach them how to be creative?
How to encourage children to do their homework?
What do I do about my abusive father?
Please give me some advice, he doesn't listen to his teachers and always running around in school
My almost 3yr is crying for just about nothing
How to instill good behavior from the start?
What should I do if my mother belittles me?
If my 5yr old is an exceptional liar, should I expect that she will continue lying as she gets older?
Am I really just taking advantage or is my mom abusive?
How can I get my toddler(s) to stop (fake) crying
What to do when child asks from older kids and they refuse
How can we 'gracefully' stop taking our 5yo for a late-night toilet visit every night?
10 year old's screen time: Studies and/or Government recommendations?
What are some documented objections to the montessori methodology of education/parenting?
Can they suspend an IEP student in kindergarten?
Is a three year old mentally developed enough to comprehend delayed punishment?
Developing creativity and out-of-box thinking among kids
What are the most useful commonplace words for a child under 3 years of age to learn?
What to do about our 8-year-old boy getting in trouble at his new school after having been taken away from his mom?
What kind of negative reinforcement works good on your 5 year old for misbehavior?
Impact of frequent change of childcare, and how to minimise
Ideas for a poster helping kids deal with an emotionally abusive environment
Uncontrollable child
Should I let my kids father back in their lives after 8 years of not being there & being in & out
How to keep the "Question asking" nature of your kid?
Son having problems going to pre k
My husband, who is my teen daughter's step father feels bad that he can't have a closer relationship with my daughter
12-year-old hits pregnant mother in the stomach
Raising a bilingual kid. How to speak to my daughter in Spanish (my primary language) when also wanting to perfect my English?
Partner's son embarrassed about mother being pregnant
How to handle my little brother's addiction to videogames?
What to do if you are poor, have no house, no parents and pregnant?
Can I learn another language alongside my 3 year old son?
Step parent, but just the guy who is married to mom
Is it a good or bad idea to let my daughter visit her mom in jail?
Should children be encouraged to get themselves or their clothes dirty?
At what age is it inappropriate to take your opposite sex child into the toilet with you
My 11-year-old daughter's temper is getting out of control
How to help a 13-year-old, who has no motivation to learn and shows signs of Asperger's, to succeed at school?
Is it harmful or helpful to actively provide educational activities to toddlers?
Toddler crying at lunch during school
4 year old being hit in school
Me too! My two year old daughter want to drink and eat everything I do!
My almost 12-year-old daughters threw tantrums and screamed outside the house
Is it OK for 2.5 yrs old to sleep 9 hours night + 1 hour day nap?
How to balance reassuring a child with invalidating their feelings?
How to help parents cope with me moving out
How to explain to my 4-year-old son that he needs to wear glasses, although he became self-conscious about them?
Is it normal that my 2.5-year-old son still likes breastfeeding?
Is it appropriate for boys aged 7 and 11 to go shirtless at home in front of 7 year old girl?
How can I break my 3 week old from ONLY sleeping on my chest or needing to be held?
15 months old toddler reacts strongly to cough
How can I help my kindergartener dress up for costume week on a budget?
What is the appropriate age to tell my daughter that her biological father doesn't want to be a part of her life?
How can I stop people from speaking 'through' children? Should I?
If you can't spoil a newborn, when "can" you spoil a baby?
Why am I hurt by my toddler saying she wanted to throw all her toys in the garbage?
Teacher called my sons statement racist
My 12-year-old daughter is not appreciative
Limited Access to My Child (Separated Parent UK/EU)
Have I lost my daughter?
How to help a 3 year old stop playing when his teacher tells him to?
My 2.5-year-old son likes to break things
How do I get my 5 month old to take longer naps?
How to react when two toddlers fight over the same toy?
How do I help my 5 year old sister with PTSD and serious behavioral issues?
8-month-old wants to eat in the night but won't take milk
How do I introduce my sons biological father to my 4 year old when my fiancé has taken that role and is called daddy?
How to get 12-month old to pee on potty and not floor?
What to do when neighbor calls the cops claiming abuse?
My granddaughter won't sleep
How to stop a 6-month-old from picking ears?
Superlight equipment to carry an almost 4y old pre-schooler during a hike
Not ready for boy
19 month old emitting short bursts of high-pitched screaming when frustrated
How to stop a one year old from biting?
How to teach a toddler to use a cup with a straw?
Bed time stories for a 6 year old boy
Delegating godfather responsibilities to atheist brother
Force-free changing clothes, putting bonnet on
How do I make it clear to a one year old that I'm unhappy, when it enjoys being scolded?
How can I help my son overcome his fear of dogs so we can enjoy our time together with my puppy?
Is a laptop a good gift for 9 year old who shows interest in programming?
At what age should we replace old mobile phone with smart phone?
18-year-old son doesn't want to finish highschool and is smoking a lot of weed!
Using the Potty
How do I clean up after feeding a toddler food that my spouse is allergic to?
How can we manage our adult son taking back an item we confiscated, without our knowledge, when he has moved out?
What advice should I give to a teenage girl who often has lice when she goes to her father's place?
Is "slapping a badly-behaved child" against the law in US?
How to react to incredible stubborn episodes in a 7 year old
Which approach is appropriate to manage a 14-year old boy that constantly ignores his parents?
How to make my 1-year-old understand when she is being scolded?
2-year-old toddler won't eat
How do I change my son's views, after he confessed to me that he rather be with prostitutes over having an actual girlfriend?
Question about Diaper lining elastic band?
How do I deal with communication issues with my 5 year-old son?
Interesting things for a child's drawing board
My 4 year old won't eat a meal in under an hour.
What to do when 6-month-old gets constipation?
How to explain grandparent estrangement for 4 year old?
Is there a way to remove inappropriate ads and content for children using a shared phone?
14 year old not turning in homework?
How do I resolve a child's anxiety for war?
How can stop my parents from treating me as a kid
Swivel toddler car seats that mount to 2-point seatbelts?
Baby suddenly cries a lot at 3 months
My 4-year-old will only eat things entirely made of starch or sugars - how to make him eat more healthily?
How can I help my mother realize her harmful behavior towards my brother?
Need advice on telling my child that her father isn't biological and has passed
My son plays alone and is not interested in making friends. How can I help him?
Talk about a weird music video from YT to an 9 yrs old
How to handle 5-year-old granddaughter shouting "Get out" (of her room)?
How do we convince parents that we can't all be there within one week of the holiday every year?
Should I have second child
Should I give my son a christmas card from my mother, with whom we deliberately have no contact?
Lying to my daughter about her mother's death
Is tickling "cruel"?
Is the physical affection demonstrated by a child partly genetic?
Should I tell my son about his biological father?
My 8-year-old son is still soiling and wetting himself. Please help!
1.5 Year Old Playing Tricks About Wanting To Pee, How To Handle?
3 year old boy potty training regression
Tackle kids situation when close relatives are visiting
How to teach a 4 year old reading?
How to discipline our 16-month-old son who stopped listening to us and started to misbehave?
12 year old grandson hitting 7 year old sister
Duplicate or single Christmas tree?
"Mommy doesn't like daddy" - What to do about my 4-year-old daughter crying for 20 min everytime I pick her up from my ex-wife?
Three month old only sleeps 10-11 hours a day
How can I teach my daughter to wait to speak?
What can a father do in raising girls who will practice abstinence?
While playing car racing games should i wait for my child to catch up or keep racing with other cars?
Does teaching my daughter programming give them the same benefits as when I learned electronics as a child?
Baby crying till breathless
How to deal with 5 year old stepson's view on me?
Teenagers and Internet access
Three-year-old back from 3-night hospital stay
What strategies can I teach my (autistic) child to deal with another child who winds him up?
2.5 year old pinches non-stop
Child will only sleep while being held - 6 mo
Child would not let me put her to sleep
How to teach my son to protect himself from other kids?
How to confront a young adult about his lack of motivation
How to get a 3 year old to eat
Financial Situation - Second Child
What should our kids call grandpa's new wife?
Toddler made "incorrect" animal identification that is actually correct. Better to correct her or not?
How to make my son sit on barber seat to have haircut
Can I teach my 9-month-old child my native language if I only see her for a few minutes at a time?
"Back your partner" - how far?
How to make our 3-year-old stop crying when we want to leave the house with him?
Son screams in crib at the top of his lungs until Mom comes in
My 5 year old is no longer sleeping all night
Bottle fed Baby suddenly refuse bottle
Potty training tricks
Helping my 3yr old differentiate smoke and steam and stop screaming fire!
Raising our daughter to be bilingual without one-parent-one-language
Asked why about everything
How to make my 15-year-old sister stop stealing money?
Difficulty pronouncing R and L: how fast is it overcome?
My 2.5yr old daughter does not answer to us
How to convince my wife that some digital gaming is beneficial
How to get my 4yo daughter's fixation on my belly button under control?
Should I stop the visits of my infant's in-and-out father?
5 year-old daughter has difficulty identifying colours
Value of pacifier as a young infant's sleep aid?
At what age is it appropriate to begin structured physical activity?
My 6-year-old son struggles with his 'safety lock' car seat belt - is there anything I can help him with this?
How to help daughter to improve intelligence, after multiple university rejections?
Why not let your child fall asleep while being held, rocked, fed a bottle, or while nursing?
Does anyone know a cautionary tale about seeing the bigger picture?
My son calls my father in law Grandpa "nonno" (in italian) and his wife (step grandma) is telling my son to call him just Grandpa now not nonno
My son won't stop tickling my feet
How to make my daughter not to make nose sound while speaking?
How to childproof an ethernet wall jack
What's the best way to teach a 5yr old to play chess?
Why does my formula suggest mixing it in only a portion of the water?
4-year-old won't get up and use the bathroom
Reading problems with my 5 year old son
How to stop my 5-year-old from being very combative to my 2-year-old?
Why does my teenage daughter always try to get in trouble?
When can a child start using adult's toothpaste?
My daughter hurt a little girl's feelings at a birthday party
How can I ensure my 14-year old's safety on a major trip away from home?
Bedtime for 12-13 year old girl
How to make an uninterested teenager find his interests?
Recommended number of hours to spend with a baby
Impact of moving to Germany with a stepson and a toddler with signs of autism
When should 12 (almost 13) year old daughter get a phone?
Is it okay to send 5 year old to grandparents in foreign country that don't speak her language for 2 months?
Can a “magic answer box” backfire? Is it ok?
Explaining to children about one parent's silent treatment of the other
What can I as a teenager do about my insanely strict parents?
helping a child deal with a parent who lies
How to keep 3 year old from chewing on everything?
Hand me downs: what to do when it's not the receiving child who is resentful
Daughters friend invading
Balance between sharing and being taken advantage of
Five year old lying
How to get a fixated child to cooperate?
Innocent age related stubborness or bad behaviour?
What does a party for 13 yo look like today?
My sister obsessively washes her hands. What should we do?
Parents + Motorcycles = Short Electrical Circuit
How to figure out why parents are so strict about Internet access?
Is kissing my son on lips a bad thing?
First time kindergartner having trouble with focus
My daughter asked if I will remarry
How to get a 3.5-year-old to dress up in the morning?
I walked in on my 18-year-old pooping herself
1.5 years old banging his head on the floor
Make a newborn baby (less than one month) sleep at night
2.5 year olds favorite game when video chatting is to bury phone and ignore me
5 year old talking in second person
Four year old started calling me by my first name. Is this problematic?
Is this alcohol consumption by my father normal?
How to handle child's apology for something he says he didn't do
How to discipline very violent behaviour with an ADHD child of 7
Good punishment for your kid using your credit card to buy things online without permission
My 7 month old son is intensely attracted to screens
How can I teach my non-verbal child to let us know when he needs to go potty?
Should I buy my college child a vehicle when I can afford to or make him earn it on his own?
Do we need to be worried about a baby climbing out of her bed at night?
Should I speak English with my toddler
Do babies have difficulty to fall asleep after playing?
How to get past the phase of dirty talk?
Is there any difference between canned pineapple and fresh pineapple?
What to do about 13-month-old who cries and whines all the time?
My children witnessed family violence. How should I handle it?
How to deal with toddler favoritism?
Does the Montessori method allow a child to choose the same lesson every day without guidance?
How to rectify downward spiral of Parents (us) Shouting & 'Bad Behaviour'
What if my parents get a divorce?
Is it common practice to keep a 13-day-old awake for longer during the day, so she will sleep longer at night?
Elementary aged students and school walk out
My 13 year old son still watches Bob the Builder w/ 2 yr old bro and he's too old. How will he stop?
Stepson and girlfriend never come in the house now that we set limits
How to not to feel igry for children's behavior?
Why does my 12-month-old baby gravitate towards my side at night, even though he prefers his mother overall?
Screaming, crying, tantrums, pushing... how to give effective timeout?
How can I help my almost six year old behave better at my home? He is good at his dad's house, with grandparents, and at school
What Can I do to get An Adult Child with Special Needs to Start eating and Drinking Again?
How should I teach my child to help but also do things on her own?
4 languages... are we going to overload our child?
How to instill sensitivity in kids?
How to address preschooler lying
Shall I be worried about my 5-year-old son seeming to be depressed when at his mom's?
How to deal with excluding my son from the favourite activity of his peers?
Can a Child Fail Preschool in the United States? Should a Child be Held-Back from Kindergarten?
To gifted school or not to gifted school? That is the question
Should I feel bad about this or my mom is overreacting?
Is this a situation in which I should push for intervention or should I let it go?
What is the effect of locking a child in bathroom?
At what age do children usually learn to write alphabets?
5 year old lying and stealing
My daughter bites her nails - me too and my husbands says its my fault....?
2 month old doesn't cry in the middle of the night for food, only smacks her lips or sucks on her hand
13-year-old sister dating elder (16 y.o. or more) guys
How to enrich my “everyday” vocabulary as an ESL parent in the U.S.?
3-year-old eats snow
How to tell a 10-month-old to stop scratching people?
How to help my 11-year-old daughter who is confused because she likes a girl?
Is there any harm to simply leaving hard water cloudiness?
At what age will a child understand a map?
Is giving child ride considered spoiling?
Is it normal for a 16-month-old to always wake up at the same time no matter what?
My daughter is not talking to me
How should I respond to a 6 year old's dark drawings?
How to make an 11-month-old, who wakes up multiple times at bedtime, sleep at night?
Scientific evidence regarding methods for bathing newborns
Too many presents from Grandma - is this bad for my child?
What to do about my future wife's 8-year-old son who does what he wants with no regard for anyone else?
Are electronics safe for babies
Scientific proof of sign language for toddler communication
What to do about my 14-month-old daughter refusing to eat?
How to prevent a teenager from creating multiple Google accounts?
Excessive drooling for a 4 year old
Losing Daughter
Can I use one time use puppy pads for toddler potty training while they sleep at night?
How do I tell my parents that I want to leave Catholicism and become a Protestant?
I have custody of grandson, he won’t let me out of his sight
Do court imposed curfews work?
What can I do to teach my 22 months old toddler to talk?
How do I get my parents to let me vacation by myself?
How can I educate my 2.5 year old daughter to be quiet when my other 8 month old is sleeping during the day?
Bad attitude from my 12yr old
Scholarly recommendations for how much preschool is recommended for an 'average' child if there is such a thing
My two-year-old refuses to eat anything
23-month-old no longer napping in her crib
What to do about my 5-year-old's tantrums?
Telling my daughter I am not her biological father
english novels like “the worst witch” for boys
How to explain to my children their mother's cancer?
My son still wants to hold my hand at 13
How to make my teething infant stop biting without punishing him?
2-year-old screaming and tantrum when left at daycare
Hobby vs. baby balance
My mother doesn't like me locking my phone
How to remove electronics and shift sleep schedule of 6-year old?
Is asking a child to count to 10 when they don't say please OK?
Is it okay for a 14-month-old to eat solid food without having teeth?
What to do with a crying 1-year-old
Is it normal that father kisses his teenager son on the lips?
Our 10 y/o son stealing and lying about it
4-year-old going on holiday without parents
Five-year-old son constantly fondling himself - is it normal?
Should we force the issue of remaining in a zero-hour class when it's an "easy A"
What to do about our 7-year-old daughter's emotional outbursts when I lose to my husband?
2-month-old baby has panic attacks
Trouble enjoying family time in the moment
How to explain to my 2-year-old daughter that her biological father now wants to be called "daddy", after previously denying fatherhood?
How do I stop my little brother from throwing things?
At what age should parents stop showering/bathing with children?
My partner's pregnant with her second child (my first) and shows no emotions. How can I help bring that excitement out of her?
Anxiety, Anger, and Major Sleep Issues in 2.5 Year Old Following Long Holiday – Is This Normal?
Should we gently take away thing from a baby's hands before she can eat them?
How to handle a child who acts out trying to reunite separated parents
Should we give free pocket money to children?
7 year old still sleeps with his mother
My 11 year old step daughter is making troubling comments about my newborn twin daughters, her half sisters
Kid standing up in crib but unable to get back down, affecting sleep
Why do my kids always wan't to play at their friends instead of at home?
How to take a vacation from kids when it's not possible to actually leave them?
How to get 3.5 year old to spend less time on the toilet?
At what age can you let kids go hungry till the next meal if they don't want to eat?
My 11-year-old hates writing as do I. How to provide help to him writing a school essay without forcing him to do what he doesn't want to?
How can I undo the bad behavior my 2.5 year old daughter learned from 5 year old children?
How do I react when my 2.5 year old hits me?
Disciplining: what to do when kid starts hiding his mischief?
My 2.5 year old child can only be calmed by mother
I found a video on my 8-year-old girls tablet where her same aged girl friend asks her to show her private areas. And she does. What should I do?
My 5-year-old daughter was verbally forced by another 7-year-old girl to show her bottom in daycare
How to make our 5-year-old son stop being violent towards other children at school?
What should dad do if mom and toddler always fighting/tantrums etc
How to explain to a 4-year-old kid to stop playing with kids who beat him?
Our 6-year-old is talking down to herself. Why would she do that and should we be worried?
How do I address not wanting my children to view our mature/R-rated content?
what to do when parents agree on parenting but one can't stick to agreement?
How to encourage speech of minority language for bilingual child?
2-year-old still doesn’t want to walk
10 year old will not help with anything around the house
How to bring my 23-year-old daughter to an adult discussion with me and her mother about issues?
Should I be concerned if my 6 year old can't sit long enough to finish a 60 piece puzzle?
12 year old daughter only misbehaves for her parents
My 13 year old daughter says she wants to be a boy. This is out of character for her. Is this a phase?
Shall I be worried about my 6-year-old girl still sleeping with us from time to time?
Should I be concerned about my 6-year-old daughter resolving most of things with crying or yelling?
My 8-year-old daughter soils her pants daily. What can I do?
A boy at school told my 8-year-old daugther she had fat thighs. How to boost her self-esteem and make her eat healthier?
Why is my eight year old daughter trying to hurt my feelings - and how should I respond?
11MO Independence
How to explain -gasm to 10 year old
My 2-year-old does not eat except drinking milk
Giving expressed breast milk at the same time of day that it was expressed
How do I handle my Roommates child bullying my child?
How to teach a potty trained 2-year-old, who pees every 20-30 minutes, to ask to go early enough?
Why don't children know why they do things?
How can I ask my parents to help us by watching the grandkids on occasion?
How to help my 4-year-old focus on his tasks instead of zoning out?
Should a parent delete a teen's social media account if it was handled badly?
Daycare not allowing our 3-year old to poop in his diaper
Can I use an hourglass to make my kid eat faster?
I have a 1-year-old daughter. How to define the difference between buying her a toy she wants and spoiling her?
My kid cries when nanny arrives. Is this a red flag?
If my 4-year-old pees his pants, should I wake him up to toilet or just change his pants?
What to do about my 3.5-year-old daughter's tantrums, which have worsened?
Should we chase our 13-month-old girl and feed her?
Encouraging my sister to read and write
What to do with a first grader who cannot sit still in school?
Handling husband’s 15-year-old daughter with Reactive Attachment Disorder
Raise babysittable kids
How to support a 7-year-old who is behind in school for reasons other than intellectual and learning disability?
How to handle 3-year-old's fear of failure?
Should I punish my teenage sister, whom I have full custody of, for lying to me in order to secretly see her boyfriend?
Bottles at night are bad for teeth but what about breastfeeding?
How to deal with children going to friend's houses to bypass rules
How to make the preschooler tired enough to go to bed?
Backed into a corner with 9-year-old and tablet confiscation
Using scare tactics to get children to obey
How can a long distance parent boost an eight year old's confidence (custodial partner uncooperative/negative?)
Is a Special Ed teacher allowed to tell regular teachers to instruct their students (6th graders) not to hug a child anymore?
Toddler putting small stones in her mouth thinking it's funny
How to prevent toddler pulling others' hair
My 17-year-old daughter gets excellent grades but shows little interest in socializing or getting a job
How to deal with an 11-month-old child crying during/after eating?
What can help my son overcome his fear of ghosts and demons?
How can I talk with my parents about the amount of chores they expect me to do?
Can an infant choke on spit-up?
An incident happened at school and child didn't (want to) tell the parent
Reasonable amount of video game time for an 8 year old kid?
Is being repetitive normal for a 3-year-old child?
How can we get some free time (on daily basis)?
How can I help my parents to not waste their lives?
What is the purpose of asking a child to give money on the street?
How to stop 5-year-old hitting?
How to react to an eleven-year-old sneaking out at night to look at the stars?
Do I need to worry about how much time my 6-week-old's hands are covered in mittens?
What to do about my toddler's fixation on the smell of her mother’s hair?
When does a toddler understand the joke of a man falling down on purpose?
How to talk to a teen daughter about her weight
How to tell a toddler cars are dangerous and should not be approached?
How to help 3-year-old stop playing so hard with 1-year-old?
As a parent, how do I discipline kids who refuse to comply without physically or emotionally harming them?
My 2.5-year-old wakes up and whines for hours
How to deal with a one year old who resists sitting in shopping cart?
How to help a child understand length of time?
How to talk to school/nursery personnel about the quality of language?
Why do toddlers hate getting their face cleaned off with a wet washcloth and is there a better way?
I'm tired of living a double life with my parents. How can I set boundaries with them?
Should I be concerned about my daughter's behavior (or my wife's)? Trying to co-parent
Is it feasible to outsource all the unpleasant parts of baby care to a nanny?
2’-FL HMO Formula Beneficial?
How can I mitigate how my toddler has generalized a fear related to insects/flies?
What to do with tantrums if screaming it out is not possible?
My 1-year-old freaks out on her father
How to handle an 11-year-old boy who doesn't study anymore and reacts aggressively towards me?
Baby / toddler girls - is it necessary to wear swim pants to prevent infections or inflammations?
How to encourage 17 month old to walk?
My 11-year-old grandson is holding in his poop
How to get rid of the night feed (dream feed)? Baby won't sleep through the night without it
How can we help our 5-year-old daughter enjoy a family activity and stop complaining, when she just wants to watch cartoons?
2.5-year-old hyper at nap and bedtime. He is sleep deprived
6-year-old child taking about an hour and a half to get to sleep
How bad is it to not mention a child when booking hotels?
Experience with travelling long hours in a car with a 10-week-old baby?
Why is my toddler afraid of talking puppets?
My 8-year-old daughter was bullied at school. What should I do and advise her to do?
How to engage my 4-year-old daughter to do something by her own?
How do I tell my 9-year-old son that my now ex husband is not his biological dad?
2 year old demands milk midnight
How can we teach our 5-year-old daughter to be patient?
Should I try to long-distance parent or will I do more harm than good?
How to react when a child cried due to interaction with other children?
Cousin (1 year and 9 months) won’t stop yelling and crying every 5 minutes during his sleep. What could be the reason?
Sleeping Less with Merlín Magic suit?
How do I address a 6 year old child's love/hate relationship with sport?
My 11-year-old daughter still asks me to zip her jacket
What to do with a 20 month (1.5 years) old baby who wants her mother to hold her all the time?
Toddler recently pushing me away, no cuddles, not saying goodnight etc etc and I'm withdrawing a bit - is there light at the end of the tunnel?
How to help our 2.5-year-old daughter deal with an abusive 5-year-old boy?
My 9-year-old daughter is a wallflower around friends. How do I help her?
Should I use timeouts with my goddaughter if her mother doesn't?
By brother is lonely and has turned to the internet to fill his social craving. How do I tell my parents without betraying his trust?
How to teach 5-year old to value friendship?
1 year old keeps waking up at 3 am
Kid throwing ice cream cone back to the vendor
Daughter is deciding to have a child with near-total stranger
As the father, when is it better for me to be home?
How to get new 'earworm song' for six year old boy?
How to discuss private parts with an almost 3-year-old and introduce gender?
My 18 month old cries when he realizes that he made a mistake
How to help child with autism (Asperger's) through, and prevent meltdowns
Should I encourage my 2 year old to figure things out on her own?
My 4-year-old with-holds poop even though he's on meds. How can I help him?
How to get toddler's mind off of a single topic (vehicles)
Toy safety 3 years old - what are the reasons?
How to make my oversensitive 4-year-old stop crying so he won't be targeted by bullies later?
Ideas for getting my children to see my house more positively - in a quasi separation
How to help 3-year-old stop breaking down about going to the bathroom?
How to breastfeed exclusively in a joint custody situation
How to make my son stop pulling my clothes?
My 8 year old pees and poops his pants
How to teach "Li" sound?
How to make my 7- and 10-year-old nephews eat more healthily?
My daughter wants to express herself, but her school has uniforms?
How to get my 2.5- and 5.5-year-old daughters under control?
Should I encourage/persuade my 3 year old to watch kids TV shows that she finds scary or upsetting?
My 2-year-old son is crying at midnight and keeps crying every five minutes till early morning
My 2-year-old son is still not talking. Is this normal?
Can we say "bad boy" to my 2-year-old son if he misbehaves or does something which we don't like?
How do i deal with the urge to laugh when my daughter cries?
How to increase my 2-year-old son boy weight?
Is 18 month good age to start a toddler school?
My baby stays awake and plays until 4 am
My 13-year-old son has a hard time doing his math homework. How can I help him?
How to answer child's hard questions
Issues with naming first child with name similar to mine?
What is a better approach than "mum with the carrot, dad with the stick"?
How to convince a 4-year old child that professional cyclists are not littering during a race?
What is the best time for a mom to go back to work after giving birth from the psychological and healthy attachment point of view?
How to tell a 15 month old girl to stop doing something?
How to encourage 5 year old to read?
Friend kid problem
How to tell your child she smells without hurting her feelings?
My 2-year-old-son is eating small black stones. How to stop this habit?
What to look for when buying toothpaste and toothbrush for beginners?
My two year old depicted a very violent scenario verbally
My 14-year-old is refusing to attend any schooling, even online
How to stop kids not to reveal inside matters outside?
My child witnessed a toddler being taught to cuss by older kids. How to deal with rude language at social gatherings?
My 2 year 8 month old son is not interested in hearing stories
How can I stop my two year old toddler from throwing/breaking stuff when frustrated?
21 month old v/s a floor-to-ceiling window
My son's girlfriend has been cheating with my best friend's son. Should I get involved?
How to help a pre-schooler overcome sensitivity to social setbacks?
13 y/o step-son wants to be a "furry"
How to help my 7-year-old son socialize in school and learn to fight for his rights?
Young kids and other people's dogs
My daughter tells me her teacher slapped her. How should I proceed?
Should we indulge this unusual request from our daughter?
What to do about my 2-year-old crying and screaming at daycare?
How to improve my 3-year-old child's ability to concentrate?
My 3 year old daughter thinks she is white. Should I tell her she's not?
How to handle my 8-year-old sister's nightmares?
My 8 months old son not sleeping
Does sleep-talk with toddlers work?
How important is passing on our "heritage" to our child who is born and raised in a different country?
Volunteering opportunities for kids
5 Year Old - Separation Anxiety and Preparing for a Death in the Family
Do kids outgrow distractability? If not, what to do?
What is the youngest age a child can learn the violin?
Should I intentionally lose a game to make my daughter happy?
How to help a 3 year old to speak?
How to help a 3 year old to sleep better?
6 year old doesn't know my husband is not her father
How to healthily educate about STDs/STIs?
Toilet/Potty Training (4 Year Old Daughter)
Father now, earlier nursery versus grandparents now, later nursery?
How to stop a kid from beating head against things when he's upset?
Bonds with biological versus adopted children
Is it normal for some toddlers to be scared of strangers?
What can I do about my excessively strict parents
Kids do not want to play with my daughter
Daughter's reluctance to come to my place during a quasi-separation - impact on social life
During and after a separation - explaining to children who their "family" is
How to potty train a toddler?
How to discipline my fiancée's very, very defiant misbehaving 5-year-old?
How do I resolve this bikini problem between wife and daughter?
Moving from the training potty to the toilet
How to fairly and reliably assess babysitter candidates?
My 4-year-old wants fairy to grant her wishes - how to keep the magic alive without always having to buy presents?
How much crying is OK for a newborn child?
Which languange should I start teaching my baby after moving to a new country?
1yo cries almost non-stop when her mother is present - driving my wife to a breakdown
Why does our 7 month old wake up every 2 hours at night?
How deal with rude and hateful attitude of the younger sibling when you are to advice them in a good context?
Am I being too hard on my 7-year-old child?
Will my wife and son being away to see family for 3 weeks without me effect my 6 month old son and I's relationship?
How to break defiant cycle with time out?
Toddler exposure to cell phones
How to balance teaching that hard work pays vs chores for free
How to make our toddler stop saying a bad word?
How to discipline teens for littering?
How to prevent my child from being indoctrinated with Christianity?
How to stop 4,5 year old to ask about every little thing to do for her
2.5 year old tantrums one step behind what we're doing
Ten year old is lying and seems to believe her own lies
How do I help my college age daughter who has gained too much weight at college?
How to choose a psychologist to do a psychoeducational assessment?
How do I stop my son from drinking any soft or sugary drink?
How do I talk to my teen daughter about her weight?
How to protect/clean a 14-month-old child's teeth?
Constipation and not eating while holding back poo. How can we help our son?
My child is being a help vampire
How to help our 4-year-old who can't bite food into appropriately sized pieces?
4 year old has trouble drinking from a cup
Can a 2 year old learn "hard" and "soft" for "don't throw"?
How to teach my almost 7-month-old to play on his own without getting angry?
What age do children understand what it means to hide?
What to do about a 21-month-old girl who hits other little kids for no observable reason?
How to reduce repetitive behaviour in a 3-year-old?
How can I teach my daughter to see her errors?
Supporting pubescent daughter's curiousity about "normal bodies"
My 4-year old son - in preschool full time - only wants to stay home without kids in his free time. Should we be concerned?
Teaching a child 2 languages that are not part of their environment
My 2 1/2 year old won't talk on his own And stares into the distance
Are these videos too instense for a baby (10 months)
How to make a teen stop vaping?
Formal curriculum for infants first few years?
Toddler scared since last night
What kind of frame for prescription glasses for a 3 year old?
Is there a way to "immunize" or "desensitivize" children against TV and YouTube?
Birthday Ideas for a 3 year old boy (have 8 year olds in the group)
My 10 month old has started scream crying because he can’t reach the shower drain during bath time - how can I get this to stop?
Respectful parenting and discipline
Our infant drinks almost no breastmilk anymore and gains no weight. What can we do?
Washing Cloth diapers
Are "cheap" shoes bad for your young childs feet?
Is my toddler's sleep pattern normal or does he sleep too much?
4 yr old has become very negative since starting school
Is it inappropriate for young teens to cuddle and sleep together if there is no sign of it being sexual?
Possible and adequate parental attitudes to a 10 yrs old playing a horror video game on smartphone possibly under group pressure
How do I get my 7YO son to [do thing he doesn't want to] when he offers a sequence of excuses?
How to train a 2-year-old to eat food she doesn't like?
How to train a toddler to go asleep alone if she shares a room with mom?
How can I help my 2-year-old son adapt to his biological father?
As a teenager, my mom refuses to believe that I have anxiety/depression/ possibly ADHD. How can I help her understand that she is hurting me?
How to keep a 3 year old's skin hydrated through out the day?
What to do when 3.5-year-old still asks for pacifier 6 months after weaning?
To celebrate my kid's birthday or not?
How to stop 3-year-old from bouncing in every bed?
Our 6-year-old son complains of stomach pain only when going to school - and refuses to go
What to say to reckless teenager in the hallway?
My son got in trouble for harassment at school. How can I teach him to stop?
How do I explain racial slurs to a 10-year-old?
Grandparents want to raise my son but I want him back
My daughter is asked to perform in front of adults constantly
Games to play with child just under one year
Homeschool during traveling
At what age should a child be able to differentiate basic homonyms in writing?
What to do about my adopted 11-year-old son's anger issues?
Which models / techniques could help me accelerate my child's intellectual development?
2 year old won’t sleep / wake up in the middle of night
One year old tends to wake up a lot in the night demanding breast
1 year refuses new food and throws a fit if we don't give him what he wants
How do we discourage reliance on technology while allowing children to become accustomed to digital tools?
What are some techniques to raise a problematic son like Bart Simpson?
Does biting mean teething?
Is it okay to reuse disposable bottle nipples?
3.5-year-old still pooing in underwear
Framework for letting 9yo get access without hard time limits
How to deal with an 18-month-old's separation anxiety when we leave the room?
At what age should a boy be able to clean up the toilet after himself?
How to dress kids for the unpleasant weather?
12 years old - school related things
13 year old daughter refusing to wear a real bra
What to do with a 7-year-old who just started stealing?
My 4-year-old is biting at school. How to make him stop?
How can I discipline an angry 12-year-old without her hating me for it?
How can I help my nieces who suffer under their mother's behavior?
Can a breastfed 3-month-old go 12-14 hours without eating, when she refuses the bottle and I have to go to work?
What solid foods to give a picky toddler to make her satisfied?
Toddler ignoring dad and change in his attitude
Toddler misbehaves a lot less with dad, than with mom
How to overcome the nasty mouth and disrespect of my 6-year-old boy?
How to help a shy 6-year-old make friends?
Our 8 year old son saw us having sex
2 year old wants something, but acting the opposite
What causes a 7 year old to be overly affectionate
How should I guide my younger brother in the right way?
Is it rude to allow a child only in nappy while playing in a fountain park?
How to make my toddler stop crying every night?
When to give up learning an instrument with a 6-year-old?
What to do about my 19-month-old grandson who doesn't talk or make eye contact?
How do I get my 3 1/2 year-old to poop in the potty and not on the floor?
At what age should I start looking to have my daughter interact regularly with other children?
How to gamify learning?
How to improve my 3-year-old's social interaction, as she does not play with other kids?
How to improve our 3-year-old's sleep cycle without skipping long afternoon nap?
How do I refresh my children's memory after long time of being away from me?
Disadvantages of a single bedroom?
How to react when my kid was pushed by other older children without their parents nearby?
What to tell an 8 yo when his mother is incarcerated for 1+ years?
How to motivate a 3.5-year-old to use the potty when she knows how to, but is strongly opposed to it?
How to teach writing to a left-handed child?
What to do about our 18-month-old crying screaming with eyes closed for an hour?
What to do about our toddler fully regressing with sleep and acting out after we got a baby?
How would a caregiver go about advising parents regarding an issue with their child?
How can I motivate my almost-3 year old son to put away his toys?
Is my 14 y/o brother’s abusive behavior something that I should be concerned about?
Adult has chickenpox, children are vaccinated. Avoid contact none the less?
How does a parent's misophonia impact the child?
How to help an expat pre-schooler learn the local language?
How to enable my 2.5-year-old to read after going to bed when he shares a room with my 1-year-old?
How bad is a metal spoon for a 6-month-old baby?
How much self control can an 8-year-old be expected to show under physical and psychological provocation?
16-year old step daugher is mentally ill and aggressive to me - how much should I be involved?
How to stop 3 year old screaming when something is wrong?
Is there any research on the psychological impact of male children pushing same sex parent out of the bed?
How to find out why my 11-year-old's memory is poor with regard to homework?
How to stop toddler crying when we watch tv
How to make a 3-year-old stop hitting her 8-month-old brother?
Is it better to introduce formula while my daughter is still drinking breast milk? If so, how gradually should it be introduced?
What should I do? My parents kicked me out of their house because it took my iPad back from them
Takes too long to put toddler to sleep on mattress on floor
Why is my 9-year-old making up new illnesses/injuries every day?
Am I losing control as a father and head of house?
What to do about a 2-year-old who won't sleep without being held?
Preparing and handling 1-month absence of father for 3.5 year-old
How to tell my 7-year-old about bio father who just got out of prison?
How can I introduce discipline into my 8-year-old daughter's life?
How many tablespoons of yogurt should an 11-month-old eat?
Uses of Dependent Care FSA
How to help my 4-year-old get back to sleep in the middle of the night?
How to deal with children when parents are caught in the act?
How can I get involved in the parenting of my girlfriend's sister's 5-year-old who spends too much time on screens etc.?
What to do about a 12-year-old boy who is shy outside but misbehaves at home?
How to keep an active toddler behaved at church?
What do I do to get my daughter interested in presenting her science experiments at the science competition(fair)?
How to help my wife's 9-year-old boy who has an unnatural attachment to his mother figures and lacked a father figure?
When the length of a commute can be recognized as not acceptable for a kindergartner?
How to discern whether a 3-year-old's repetitive hand movements are normal or not?
Feeling inadequate as a parent and role model
How to punish my teenage daughter for buying thongs?
How to settle crying toddler after nap
Is it normal for a 3-year-old to repeat the question before answering?
How to make toddler stay in his own bed at night
How to teach children about minimalism
How to discipline my 5-year-old who misbehaves when tired or hungry?
Shall we keep asking our child to share her food?
What activies or behaviors can help my toddler develop emotional regulation and emotional intelligence?
What to do about my 14-year-old sister being out of control and selfish?
Toddler tells everyone to "go away"
Completing the homework - how much is this in parents' responsibility and up to which age?
Is it normal having to use diaper rash cream with each new diaper?
How to get a 1-year-old to sleep through?
What to do when we are concerned about the sexualisation of our 20-month-old son?
Why is it so hard teaching your own children and how to improve the process?
Does separating necessarily cause damage?
How to encourage my 5-year-old who seems to be unusually interested in astronomy?
How to wean a 1-year-old of breastfeeding, especially night feeds?
Raising a bilingual kid. When should we introduce the majority language?
How high should I put bathroom stuff dangerous to young children (cleaning agents, razors etc.)?
How to deal with teen self-destructive behavior and complete lack of sense of responsibility?
How do I discipline a 14-year-old girl without pushing her away?
Overcoming an irrational fear of long guns
How can I make the most of my toddler's love of books?
What to do when an 8-year-old is not motivated by rewards?
How to make my 6- and 8-year-old's stop using the f-word?
How to help a 20-year old with interest but lack of motivation for school?
How to make my 15-year-old daughter want to meet her 39-year-old sister?
How to help my 8-year-old son who is not potty trained whatsoever?
How to make our 3-year-old stop talking over every conversation around her?
How to help a 1-year-old sleep for longer than 1.5 to 2 hours at a time when we only have one bedroom?
How to help a 6-month-old who won't soothe in the crib?
How to explain intravenous drug abuse to a 6-year-old?
What's an appropriate age to involve kids in life changing decisions?
How to help my pre-teen who is getting into trouble at school?
Does "Crying it Out" with a 9 month old make sense when in a hotel for a few days?
What to do about a 4.5-year-old soiling underwear shortly before bedtime when he usually uses the toilet?
Sources to help you in teaching your kid your native language
Is a long car ride unhealthy for a newborn?
How to help a 4.5-year-old to no longer get "stuck" on minor minute details?
How to help a 6-year-old who witnessed a school shooting?
How to make my 8-year-old son stop crying over the most simple things?
How to entertain (or keep in bed) a 5-year-old who gets up at 5am?
What age to show my children the film, Threads
How to build a relationship with my 14-year-old son I was stopped from seeing and who now just looks for money from me?
Should I be concerned about my 3-year-old biting his bottom lip a lot?
First Kid, new born Checklist for the first 3 months and delivery in United States
How to help a 2 year old with a fear of airplanes?
How to help a 5-year-old deal with negative emotions?
How best to help a language-delayed 3.5-year-old in a foreign language environment?
How to determine if I am pushing my child too hard?
How to deal with spillage when my 6-year-old son uses the toilet?
How to get over self-consciousness when using praise and positive reinforcement?
Should I potty train my 26-month-old who goes potty every 5 min and makes it to the potty only half the time?
How to help our 3-year-old deal with continuously missing clothes and bad behavior from another kid in the nursery?
How to deal with a 3.5-year-old who starts to cry when someone speaks louder to him?
Should I be worried about my 6-month-old not yet rolling over?
How do I foster what seems to be innate aptitude for music and leverage a seemingly above-average memory?
What could cause our toddler's strange episodes of acting up?
How can I help my 5-year-old introvert boy relax?
How to teach a child a third language you don't speak yourself fluently?
Can sucking thumbs lead to burping?
How can I talk to my family about spending less time with them?
How much can I and my parents help my wife directly after giving birth when she wants to only rest and breastfeed?
How can I fix our relationship after falsely punishing my son?
How to change my 2.5-year-old's sleep-wake routine so he doesn't nap in the afternoon and wakes up too early in the morning?
Is it too late to stop my 8 month infant to stop watching TV
How to stop our 2-year-old's bedtime tantrums and make her sleep through the night?
When to start looking for a new nanny if our 11-month-old does not accept her?
How to help our 2-year-old adjust to new daycare where he's violent and pushy?
Can my mother charge me money for not doing what she says?
How to help my 3-year-old who wakes up at night in fear of a bug biting his leg (again)?
How to remove mobile addiction in my toddler
"Never punish in anger" - How far does this extend?
How to make my 7-year-old daughter stop wetting her pants?
Why do we teach animal sounds to children?
What are the options for day care and baby help for poor single mother?
What factors to consider when choosing where to live
My baby girl is 12 months old
Toddlerhood - when does it end?
How to make a 20-month-old use a spoon to eat?
Should i cover all of the plugs with tape to prevent children from getting electrocuted?
Is it okay to encourage a transgender teen to consider genderqueer and transfeminine as alternatives to transgender?
Is it okay to pause breastfeeding a 6-week-old for 24 hours?
Is comparing my child with others good or bad?
Why does my 10-year-old daughter not complete her homework?
What's a good approach for helping my kids understand certain toys?
How to make 5 year kid to sit and write
Is it ok for parents to kiss and romance with each other while their 2- to 8-year-old child watches?
Why does my 3-year-old cry when someone laughs?
Up to how many hours of screen time is OK for a teenager for educational purposes?
How to get preschoolers to interact with me over the TV?
Our 5-year-old boy doesn't respond to timeouts, etc. What are some other methods of discipline?
How to explain addition vs. place values to a 4½-year-old?
How to teach my people-pleasing daughter to balance between helping others and accounting for her own needs?
How to help my 3.5-year-old daughter who's suddenly much more attached to me and cries for everything?
How to help my 11-years old sister, who is terrified after watching a horror movie?
What to do about our 10-month-old keeping on shouting?
How to talk about a historic suicide in the family to young kids?
How to get a 3-year-old to stop running away?
How can I ensure that my daughter is not excessively attached to me?
How to make an 8-year-old boy use the toilet instead of a potty?
How can I make my 6-year-old daughter zip her jacket up?
How to make my niece stop bothering my son because she is older?
How to make my 16-year-old stop biting?
Where to turn for help when my 12-year-old granddaughter won’t leave her 10-year-old sister alone?
Help dealing with son addicted to video games. Would this app work?
What driving simulators can help a teenager drive in big cities with much traffic?
How many hours per day should a three and a half year old sleep?
What to do about a 4-year-old who has reverted to peeing in her pants and wearing diapers?
Should you teach your children to identify letters or write letters first?
Did I screw up when allowing my 12-year-old to invite only one twin to her party?
How to encourage our 6-month-old baby to play on his own?
How can I make my parents understand that once I finish my studies, everything will be fine?
How to help a 14-year-old recognize reckless, destructive behavior as such and take it seriously after partially blinding our dog?
When do you pay a babysitter?
Is it normal for a 3-month-old to eat every 1.5 to 2 hours per night?
In which language to speak to third parties when following the OPOL approach?
Should I call my sad, almost 5-year-old on holidays with grandparents and his sister?
Should we introduce screen time to our 27 month old?
How to make our son use tissue in toilet
I don't know what to do. I want to move out but if I do so, my mother will be unable to pay rent
How to set boundaries for a 7-month-old?
What to do about a defiant 5-year-old?
How to make a 3.5-year-old stop deliberately waking up her 1-year-old sister?
How do I stop this
What to do when my 3.5-year-old says “I don’t love you, I love mommy.”?
What is the evidence on the danger of feeding whole blueberries and grapes to infants and toddlers?
Will it affect bonding between me any my 5-month-old when she's unable to recognize me after I left her for 6 months?
How to make a 5-year-old follow instructions in kindergarten?
What to do about a clingy 16-month-old son who is not weaned off breastfeeding?
Question on Toddler Urine
When should we be concerned about garbled speech in my 2.5-year-old?
Why do daycares use waiting lists instead of increasing prices to meet the demand?
Indulging mobile game obsession Pokémon Go in 6-year old
Little League Coach - What do I call myself?
How to lessen a depressed teenager's absences?
How to make my 5-year-old niece understand that I try very hard to be honest with her and wouldn't lie, when she implies I do?
How to talk to my 8-year-old daughter about her absent father?
How do I get pre-schoolers to stop asking for food every hour?
How do I handle a teen who doesn't care about dressing well?
What to do about my 1-month-old boy peeing through diapers?
How to encourage my 5-year-daughter to become a Medical Doctor?
How to make my pre-schooler stop trying to make his friends follow the instructions given to him?
How to improve a 7-year-old's reading?
Where does every change nappies/ diapers
Technology Usage
One parent one language: three-way conversations
Advice for family of 2 considering a 3rd
5 yo boy seems to have low opinion of the opposite gender
