Is this patent (US20060098849 A1) still pending?
Is dependent claim of another dependent claim a multiple dependent claim?
Can PCT application based on US provisional patent without claim?
How to find out if a patent has been awarded or abandoned?
Broad patent wo2014100371a1
Checking patent application's status before it is published
Is there any way to search classification of USPTO?
Do I need to search for patents which are not yet published?
What all can be accessed using Private PAIR?
Are there any limitations and drawbacks of early publication in USPTO
To use "copywrite" to protect an invention.
Patent No. USD513117 S1--Is this still a valid patent?
How does the owner defend a patent on a recipe?
Why was this MIPS US 6912559 patent granted given decades-old prior art?
Patent WO 2008099192 A1 - thrust vectoring in general?
Isn't IM an example of prior art in US6463131
"Undue experimentation" - why isn't the patent office more demanding to minimise it (e.g. provide parts list)?
Is it better to not to publish untill the patent is granted?
First Sale Doctrine applying to physical goods
Patent wo2011137930a1 : most claims seem not innovative
Prior Art Request for US 2010/0238293 A1 (Sony) -- on-screen display of television power consumption
How restrictive are patents?
Prior Art - Patent Trolling Patent
Is an inventor obliged to assign patent rights to a company in order to be named as an inventor in the patent?
Provisional patent registration in US for SA resident
Is a co-inventor listed in a patent application have to be a co-inventor in a divisional patent application?
How is this patent legal?
How specialized is a PHOSITA?
international patent application
Prior Art Request - Self Serve Wine Glasses
What is the purpose of this Ebola-related patent of the US government?
Want to know if it is applicable for patent
Are patents granted to the US government public domain?
Patent Infringement on Mashape
How to find manufacturer of patented product
Patent marking and infringement damage question
Continuing patent application strategy?
my grandfather invented the first automated tea bag machine
Ways to translate and read Chinese patent in English
How to check the novelty in a patent?
how to check the priority date of the patent?
Where can I get data on the location both the investors and the assignees?
Was this ever taken to production?
how many years is patent good for 6092612
Design has same structure but different inner design to an existing patent. Can I apply for patent for my design?
Is US 5278057 A still in force?
Was EP 0198288 A3 renewed?
Patent mobile app prior to development?
When will patent be approved, if it's going to be?
Is it possible to bypass design patent?
How much effort should be put into preparing a provisional patent application?
US20140108489 A1 "Flowlet-based processing" - Quite like my own lab's work
What is the point of prior art disclosures if they are ignored
Provisional Patent Application validity questions
How can I receive "good consideration" as mentioned in this assignment document?
US8214361 B1 How can it be considered not obvious?
Does US 2006/0073976 A1 really describe how to build a time machine?
Has patent # US6926341 expired due to non-payment?
Question concerning Ebola Patent
Provisional application problems
Laser-Cut Piano Roll patent
Software patent implementations license
I had an idea for a patent, told a select few and then saw my idea on the US patent site
UI Interface on Paper53?
Website Workflow and Service Patents
Similar design of my invention
Patent Sponsorship
Older US Utility Application
Developed methodology listed in patent claims, yet not listed as an inventor?
I want to invalidate a pending patent (not granted yet) because of an intentional omission of an inventor. What is the exact procedure?
Can I patent a specific workflow?
Similar Patents, Sweeping Claims
How to Use Patented Method Without Infringing?
Software patent boilerplate
Tracking patent history
"A method, apparatus and system ..."
Looking for prior art for patent application US20140196015 "Declaration of Lifetime resource reference"
At what point can you then start selling the app after applying for the patent
Prior art for US patent application 20140196008 'IMMUTABLE OBJECT TYPES'
Being the first to provide a service in a Geographical Area
Defining broadest term for claiming
What is the Largest Number of Claims in any Granted Patent?
I Have an idea , it is similar to a couple of other patented ideas
Where are the drawings for wo2004066851a2
Can I buy and use a patented technology without incurring in troubles?
Patent search firms
Do I need a specific kind of patent lawyer to handle a software patent?
Patent Word Limit
How is it decided whether an improvement or new use is good enough?
How did inventors protect their inventions worldwide before there were PCT applications
Is company required to mark patent to ask for damage?
What to do when the examiner does not follow the rules
Plastic Spiral Vegetable Slicer Patent?
Is this patent in the public domain?
Validity of US5481539
Patent search firms #2
Am I eligible for a patent?
Patent application as defensive disclosure
What is new about this patent US3695017?
Patent status of hazard pointers: us20040107227
Is Article One Partners a scam?
Referencing your own provisional application in your real application
I would like to receive the contact details of the Authors for Patent WO2014067081A
Can an examiner determine an invention is useful, even if they cannot determine whether it really works?
Does Alice Corp v.s. CLS Bank really change anything?
How to get Copyright permission for a figure in a patent
Prior art request for US20120203457 A1 - Showing a calendar on a map with route optimization between points
No international patent
This patent has a legal action that I need explained
First country to file patent EP2376067
Patent specification page layout
Where can I view this patent application?
Can a patent still be granted with many prior arts (ref citatations/isr etc )?
How do we know if claims are nontrivial
patent number 3605913 Dust suppressor for rotary drills
Computerized method and system for recipe presentation
Patenting a method using just flow charts
Why an old material can certified as a patent?
Patent about internet tech, does territory count?
Do I need to prove micro entity status to USPTO?
Patent for more than one product
Who has the rights this patent?
Deceased father's patent
Know that Patent expired or not
Can a patent filed more than 20 years ago still be valid?
Can I get my patent back if someone stole it?
Missing Drawing in a 10 year old patent application
Best way to remove component in dependent claim
How "different" must an invention be to be patented?
Is there any requirement on font size and format of provisional patent application?
To what extent can one use scientific articles in other fields as previous art - example from fiber optics to wireless
Can someone patent my invention before me?
Can anaerobic digestion of syngas be considered as a primary claim?
EP 1544461A1 , A questionable modified prior art,
Inventors Improvement Patent of his own Issued Patent
Inventor Improves own Patent issued 6 months ago
Can someone copy my idea If i released and filed a patent first but the patent isn't approved yet?
I file for a patent in Canada and US. if someone files a patent in China before me, can I still 'publish' idea in China?
Re-file a Patent deemed Abandoned?
Art from US Patent prevent patent in other countries?
Application Status
Is it possible that this patent covers every possible board type, due to its possibly ambiguous wording?
Utility Patent enforcing
Former employer wants a patent assignment
Application refused
Is a 1954 patent still worth anything?
Want to know if I may apply for the patent or not
Is this patent valid?
Isn't this prior art
USPTO Citation referring to a dysfunctional invention
Combinations of independent options creating exponentially numerous claims
Developing something similar. How do i get mine patented with this patent in place
Ortery Technologies Object VR turntable claims
Ideas on how to do patent searching
Possible US court sanctions over EU company in software patent infringment case
How long after a patent gets a FINAL REJECTION does it appear as such on Google Patents?
How to search patents using inventors name
How can you renew an expired patent?
Is this a possible patent infrigment? - publicly disclosed by different author before patent presentation date?
Can I write "our patented solution" for patent pending?
Arbitrary terms in the Claims...?
A active US patent has claims that are very similar to a lapsed older Patent?Does this negate the newer patent claims?
Is the following claim 1 from patent (old lapsed patent A) considered prior art for the following patents & application(patents 1-4)?
Is US 20130318346 A1 (Verizon) the patent currently used in adding X-UIDH to web traffic?
Possible to include information in patent application refuting similar patents ahead of time?
Prior Art Request for US20140296324 A1 (Virovek Incorporation) —Vectors harboring toxic genes, methods and uses therefor
Finding prior art rejects an independent claim
I made an invention at work (maybe). What do I need to know?
When a patent infringment litigation is considered frivolous?
Is a Website Able to Prove Patent Invalid?
Isn't this invention half-century old?
Do divisional applications have the same detailed description?
What are the possible reasons for this application [ Application number US 13/653,469 ] to be rejected under US Patent Laws?
Is this patent still valid? Aircraft trash compactor and box US 4620479 A
How long for patent to get finalize?
Can one patent the combination of two existing technologies as a new invention?
Multiple patents or a single patent?
Does my Proprietary Agreement with a solely owned Inc. Division extend to all divisions
Dialogue puts invention into public domain
Can the patent be revived EP 0639878 B1
Website exit intend detection technology patent
Where to get patent litigation dockets?
Hover board patent way too vague
I have functional prototype at hand. Should I wait for patent application be finalized?
What is the first filed country of patent CN 101361713 B?
Provisional application drawings vs non provisional patent drawings
Supreme court decision in favor of Octane Fitness any good?
What does "discretionary inquiry" mean?
What are the prior arts of US20130128027 A1?
How is this not overly obvious?
Pivotting Mandrel Stolle Machinery Old in a new coat, Patent WO 2011156052 A1
Patent infringement litigation - bad faith
How big is the US patent market in Virtual Reality patents?
How often is Google Patents updated?
Legality of patent sale (in general)
Another person filed a patent on something I came up with. What can I do?
Patentablity of Simplex noise
Who has rights to the patent?
Chaining unrelated inventions
Is patent US 5,356,330 a real patent?
Where can I view the figures from a patent?
USPTO different numbers for the same patent
WO/2008/130257 Diesel Engine Tuningboxes
Are the enclosed patents still valid?
Patent issued in USA only, infringing patent issued in Germany
I am interested in an abandoned patent application
Where can I find a reputable agent to help me with a patent?
PCT and Prior Art
Sufficiency of disclosure for untested invention?
Can I modify and resell patented product?
Can I patent a communication protocol?
Can I patent a mobile application or protect the idea
Please help me find Prior Art for US20130100291 A1
expiring date of the US 6905424 B2
How are election restrictions answered? My lawyer wants $1000USD just to tell them to proceed with claims 15-20
How do I find patents citing a certain article?
Filing a second patent after a first one
Knocking prior art, is it necessary?
How to get a patent?
Did the Soviets do patents?
Don't these wheels and hubcaps already exist?
New invention covered by claim of other invention
Is this patent still active
US38119 Patent Title
Value of an Original Vintage Patent?
Nintendo's recent emulation patent: why?
doubt on patent WO 2010052608 A1
Fitaly patent owner - ongoing development
Patent WO 2014122535 A2 (US 14/172,685): User Interface, prior art exists
Submitting prior art against US patent application
How long would a software developer reasonably have to modify patent-infringing software once a claim is made?
International Patent and it's legal power?
When should a software service or framework be patented or protected?
Difference between patented and protected
Dating App Patents
Examiner's search for prior art. Does it include non-published applications and patents younger than the priority date?
I think I have original sketch of patent 47789 - Rag doll
Is this a legit claim for a patent for a media to grow bacteria?
US20140235095 - Apple Inc - Reversible usb connector with compliant member to spread stress and increase contact normal force
If a US patent is published prior to 2001 do I use Kind Code "A" or "B1/B2"?
Do I have to reference a patent application if the patent is already granted?
When I reference a patent, do I use the Asignee or Inventor if they are not the same
Parent patent expired due to non-payment - are issued continuations still valid?
Approval and expiry date
Isn't this conflict of interest?
Is my item to similar to US 20070068895 A1 for me to get a patent?
Is this prior product similar to Patent us7462770?
South African Distributing
How does Stripe's patent application differ from its competition?
How does this design differ materially from an existing mesh covered seat frame?
Release software for private use only
Can a same provisional application be filed in two different countries?
the application in US through the PCT
Inventor improves own Patent issued 8 months ago
Resuming interrupted file transfers (2011 patent troll / libcurl)
If a virus was not created by the U.S. government, what right do they have to a patent on it?
Inventorship and Ownership
Why was it patented, even allowed to be so - Patent US7508391
How is this patent different from existing long term online forums, email lists and the like?
Legal risk on granted patents
do I need submit the code for software patent?
Why is this patent allowed? (US8240362)
Criteria for patenting an item whose main part uses the design of a patent's part but whose function is diffrent
Does a product on the market have to state that it is patented?
Patent DE4038611 A1 - request
Modifying an existing patented product to create a totally new non obvious product
Package modification of an existing patent product and infringement
How can Microsoft get away with this?
Patentability of language improvement
There is liquid formula that is patent pending on the market. Can i also get a patent for a similar formula?
Modifying an existing patented formula to create a totally new non obvious product
Multiple uses in different categories for one formula
is this patent ep1020784a2 expired?
Geomechanical Rock
Well fluid stabilizer by A.C. Hartsell
forged pat no 70884 steel nail extractor
Modifying an existing chemical formula to create a new product (formula) in an unrelated field
Profit from biomass gasification patent
This is my Grandfather's patent
Legal status concerning about payment
What does the Also Published As field stand for on Google patents?
How to search for patent payment information
Can a prior publication by the inventors themselves defeat novelty?
How can I make sure my design doesn't infringe on existing design patents?
Fathers patent status
Is US20110252845 really novel?
Can you patent an idea involving software & hardware?
To determine the novelty of the idea
Patent # US 1152583 A
Is US 2014/0060450 A1 patented or pending?
So Called "infringement" on their patent
How can I contact the inventor or applicant of a European patent or application?
Patent in two different countries; two patents or one?
Is it possible to search patents by assignee?
Different types of drug patents but which is most related to APIs?
Patentability vs enablement
How long does it take to amend inventorship on a published patent after the paperwork is submitted to the USPO?
Can patents on computer file formats be obtained?
Is patent search reserved to agents or attorneys? Is searcher accountable?
Docketed New Case - Ready for Examination
We need to know more about patent WO 2006/112733 A1
Do I need to assign the rights of a patent to the company I consult with?
Do pre-sales also start the clock on the one year grace period?
Prior art from 2002 for Piezoelectric pipette sensor 2008 patent
Is a patent enforceable based on a claim that is dependent on an independent claim that is not enforceable?
Patent US 5803317
Patent enquiry for Eco friendly products
Why does this design patent list assignments?
Patent Infringement requires all claims to infringe or just one?
Can mobile app concepts get a patent or copyright?
Another purpose of patents - Public record?
How can I upload a PDF to Google patents?
A US patent very similar to a Spanish patent
File Patent Internationally on Behalf of Others
How can I find out who filed for a patent?
EDA software (IC design)
Figures for this patent?
Using Bluetooth to setup Wifi (Samsung) - Patent Application - PRIOR ART REQUEST
How can I add onto my existing application in a signficant way?
How could Thomas Edison file a patent before he was born?
If I work for a company and present an Idea and they reject it, can I go on my own and patent that idea?
Citing art in body of application?
What is the difference between Patent agent and Patent lawyer?
Aren't Recycled bottle candles in the public domain?
How does the German Arbeitnehmererfinderrecht protect my rights when my employer has a foreign parent company?
Elevator driven by flat belt in EU
When someone writes about an invention in a story that is actually a 'workable' idea or it can be developed as such
Can a copyright be used as a substitute for a patent?
Dispensation of US767004
Do I need NDA when talking to a patent professional?
The patent WO2013041665A1 is a copy of public knowledge
can the female plate be used in conjunction with other equipment and then sold legally? does that break this patent?
Defensive publication and public domain
Is there any website to cross verify?
Patent filing via international PCT system
Is this patent approved and valid?
Do patentless idea implementations published on a web site enter the public domain?
Does anybody have any information about the inventor Manuel Guillen?
What is difference between PCT and EP and can they be disputed?
Single Sentence claim and use of semicolon -linker "; and" in claims
Patent of specific financial structure
Citation Explainination of Paragraph three under description
Confidentiality in patents
ESPACENET/OPS patent families
Is this patent valid in USA or Australia?
How and where to file USPTO Patent application?
Failure to pay maintenance fees
If we have constructed a game and later found out it is patented, what do we do?
If I claim a specific method in a utility patent, do my more general methods also get protected?
Prior art for Vacuum Testing of Power Supply
Is this design patent enforcable?
Patent issued in 2005 and now is ceased/expired due to failure to pay maintenance fees
Objecting granted Patent based on own e-mail correspondence as Prior art?
Cost of patenting in Europe
Timelines for patenting
Prototype for patenting
How is this inventive over Zagon application?
Patenting something that uses components already patented
Author/Inventor contact
Prior Art existing
This is a direct copy of a previous patent we own
Obligation to sign new declaration for new continuation application
Prior Art - probe to genomic location is a map query
Can I claim royalties on this invention that was stolen from my father?
Can I buy this patent? it looks like it has expired due to not paying the fees?
How to find all patents of inventor and get automatic update
Prior Art for US20130128968 A1?
Did the inventor present a working model for this patent
How can I determine the status of a patent application?
Patent with claims violating Conservation of Energy
Possible to file for a patent, despite super broad, expired patent already existing?
How do I update the address on a patent I own?
Would I be violating the patent if I produced a similar product with completely different methods and had different intentions for product?
Can my cousin copyright his world population cartogram?
Why does Google Patents not display the primary inventor's name first?
Macroscopic vs Microscopic patent
End of patent Self Cleaning condenser
Provisional Patent in Europe
Provisional patent in US for non-US citizen
When will the EU Unified Patent Court come into existence?
How do I contact the owner of a WIPO applications?
Am I infringing on this exit-intent patent if I build something similar on my own site?
what is the purpose of this bottle and what industry/sector is it aimed at
What exactly is the patent on?
Prior art request for WO2014027990 "Performance tests in a continuous deployment pipeline"
Prior art request for WO2013115797A1 "Identifcation [sic] of a failed code change"
How can I determine what other patents are on a product?
How to Find current Ownership of a patent?
Is this patent just for the collar of the cane in 5 horizontal lines or for any crystals
Software Patents after Alice decision
Protecting App UI & Features
Prior Art US 20130177891 A1
Can I produce and sell an already patented product?
Prior art needed to counter WO2013165367A8 'Prioritization of continuous deployment pipeline tests'
Is it a red flag for a patent attorney to be a prolific inventor in diverse fields
role of "processor" in software method claims
Prior art for WO2014035410A1 "Global feature library useable with continuous delivery"
Color and shading in patent application?
Can I file a patent on my mother's name since I work for a company?
How do you correct errors in Google Patents?
US 7,356,606 – this patent must be invalid
Does [CORMEN90] demonstrate prior art for this order statistic tree patent?
Query on existing SDP attribute related to this patent
Understanding File History and child parent of a Patent
How to split a file wrapper pdf downloaded from Public PAIR into single PDF files
Does a computer code patent hold against development in other computer languages?
Printing the patent image from US patent
What is the inventive step in CA2726258A1?
Is it possible to sell an intellectual property without having a patent on it?
Expiry Date of a European patent
Planet Labs Satellite Constellation Patent
Fixing a poorly written patent application that has not been published
Where can I sell my patent ? Is there a free website?
Jurisdiction of a US patent?
Question on rights to patent
Why isn't there a requirement for all software / business method patent applications to be "formally specified"?
How do we reinstate our patent US 5,341,526
Can I patent a 5 year old invention
Has anyone used copyright infringement in the application, as grounds to block / revoke / force the re-examination of a patent?
Applicability of prior art for WO2014081967A1
Question regarding employee vs employer patent ownership
Expiration of patent 5,580,417 as well as technology used in tensioning cap in Figure 5
Letter received re abandonment of patent
How to quickly find Difference between two Family Patents?
US8550406 - How can you patent something that exists?
Should I use math notation in a patent application in light of Alice decision.
Are Scottish/UK Patent Laws a lot different from US ones?
incorrect information in patent
Why Large number of claims and figures are allowed and its Benefits?
Prototype requirement and patent enablement wrt written description requirements
Missing illustrations in WIPO patent application
Would expired patents for Moissanite reduce jewelry prices?
How can I determine the date of a patent sale?
Which countries require a claim for using a PPA as priority date?
What happened to dependent claims if referred independent claim rejected?
Isn't this patent just a specialization of patent US7644114 B2?
Can I provide online prior art reference in my application
I have a problem about the US Patent Examiner's requirement for the use of "a" rather than "the" in three of my claims
Why is there no requirement that a foreign entity manufactures / licenses and / or offer to sell in a territory?
Dependent claim from invalid independent claim
How similar is US 8,943,201 to RFC 4033 (DNSSEC)?
Mobile App Patent
What constitutes an invention?
When will this Patent expire 5,669,982
What if statement about claims with effective filing date on or after March 16, 2013 is not submitted in time
Do i need a patent after publicly releasing my product?
Scope of a worldwide grant?
How long did it take for US 7755660 patent to get issued?
What is the procedure to use the patent as a reference for our presentation in a conference?
Prior Art search
An obvious prior art… mobile phone
Naming New Inventors when Converting a Provisional Patent to a Full Patent
Network Protocol Conversion -- Prior Art Request for US 2005/0220286 A1 (Verizon)
Patent Design Public Domains
Can I use exact same independent claim in a Continuation as my original granted patent, but with different dependent claims?
What is the relationship between US20080195499 and Bitcoin?
Implications of Termination of Patent in an Open Source Library
What subsequent patents reference this patent?
Erroneous citatations
is this patent time over?..can I continue the work mentioned in it?
How to find patents for endoscopic capsules?
Does Invalidation of Independent claim affect dependent claim?
Does Holding a Patent protects me from other prior Patents
Does Copyright provide invention protection?
Can I patent something similiar to an existing us patent in a different country?
Patent office statistics and reports for rejected Patent applications
I am missing from Patent Inventor
If a business plan is implemented does it become prior art?
What are the prior arts related to the patent in question?
provisional patent question
Does my past work qualify as prior art for US20140272267?
Has this patent been approved?
Does Re-issue of US patent have extended expiry?
I need to find out about keeping my sketch secured
One Patent Design with Two different Numbers
PRIOR ART REQUEST: US20150066784 "Automated Clickwrap and Browsewrap System"
Prior art request for US20120179309 "Data Improvement System and Method"?
Can I own and create adhesives trash bags/ trash bags with adhesives for use?
Who owns this patent at this point of time?
Prior art for PCT/US2002/014748 - e-ticketing with a barcode image via the web
How does First to File affect multiple inventors?
Is it advisable to patent an open source project?
Use of invention molds without permission
If a patent refers to the use of a "strap", can I use a "chain" instead and not be in violation of the patent?
How can I find the claims of US 918,884, which are not listed on Google Patents?
Patenting existing non-patented concept for use against future use of said concept
Prior art for e-ticketing with a barcode image via the web
I am the Granddaughter of Wladimir Senutovitch who created the patent. What is the status at this time?
Is there any way to track Patents which are reinstated after non-payment of maintenance fees?
stealing the provisional patent application
Does this patent mean I cannot build a better system?
Expiration date for patent 5824100
Can I make a product which infringes on a patent for my own use..?
My old patented invention appears to be patented again
US 2013/0272429, a patent application on calculating three checksums instead of one
Should I file multiple provisional patent applications when my invention can span different sizes?
Any sort of fair use clause for software using methods years before they get patented?
Can I submit a new application?
How applying for patent affects my business
original patent
Partial disclosure of EP2709017A1 before the patent filing date of Sep 14, 2012
how can it be that this patent will be granted?
Prior art for US20140314679
U.S. patent for mobile app
How to invalidate "A or B" type claim?
Not Novel and Obvious
How to change the order of inventors after a patent is granted?
Sell patents from patent family to different buyers?
hypothetical situation: utility to design patent - wanted utility patent already gone; can I create a design patent based on existing utility patent
Where can I find a historical copy of an application?
How do I find all the newest patents that reference the following patent from 1962: US3018134
software features not patented
What countries is this patent effective US5710377 A
Buying IP from your employer
Want to leave my job, but have a patent pending for work I did while working at that corporation
Does the Patent D-120891 hold 2 different creations/inventions?
Does this patent also include HTML browsers on a mobile device
patent images and pdf file can not be seen or downloaded, how come?
Has the Borland 32-bit SEH patent expired?
When a patent goes into Lapse status in European countries can it be renewed later?
What happens if a company publicises they have patents when they have not?
Hello, I was wondering if this means i can't have a magnet holding a hook in place on a lure? also, when does this patent expire?
collection of medical data online
Office-action rejection because of common electronic components? (i.e.: resistor, capacitor, MCU, etc)
How to find information for a Organization
Delay of publication before patent filing
Update in public pair
What does the title "Assigm" mean? Is it a typo?
I need help about a product
Can abandoned patents or applications be refiled or sold?
File a broad patent and specific embodiment separately?
"Google Now" Patent Application Number
US 8,903,797 - System and method for loading objects for object-relational mapping
Patent status information
Patenting same idea with different methodology
Solabegron and antimuscarinic patent?
How can I ensure that patents for software I create for my company are used in good faith?
How detailed should the background be?
Find potential patents related / linked to a Trademark
What is considered a patent?
How specific should a provisional utiltiy patent be?
Too broad/prior art?: Microcontroller-resident software development environment
Prior art on evaluating trust in a certification authority
Patent application intellectual property rights
How to tell if various non US patents are granted vs applications?
Who owns the rights to plastic spoons now? (US D234017 S)
Office action response
How do I find out where MY patents are?
How to ensure you are not infringing patents
Has this patent expired in Canada but not in the US? [US5,662,332]
Anybody can use this process?
The patent claim one benefit of purification and then try to over reach. Nothing new
What is the current status of US6493686?
How to determine Canadian patent life-time?
Simultaneous Continuation and Continuation-In-Part Patent Applications
Things to take care when inventor self drafts the patent
Is WO and US patents valid in EU?
Are "Patent application" valid patents?
Is this patent on the process or on the machinery?
How Do I avoid being sued for patent infringement when publishing my mobile app?
Batteriser vs Joule Thief
Are royalties due to a patent holder who's work has been cited by other inventors?
'Technical effects' of software patents for eligibility
Is there no circumstance where people can use free and open versions of software patents?
Public Disclosure After Provisional Filing
Is there an alternative to patenting?
Split patent ownership
Prior knowledge and use
Is it possible to get a patent for a new Web Browser 'Button'?
This patent attempts to copy my company software that has been in the public domain since 2005 at www.AxisPointe.com
Can a method of pedagogy be patented?
Use of IBMs Ball Pivoting Algorithm in application
What patents do I need to buy or lease to make and sell an electric guitar to the public?
PCT Application
A dangerous patent application may derail a simple technology to compost food waste. Please help
Mobile Payment patent: Why is the last step of Claim 1 there? It seems to contradict the second to last step of Claim 1
Patentability of a specialized programming library/framework
transfer of patents
prior art for US patent 7438306 motorcycle patent with overly broad claims
prior art for US 20150079942
new use for a known patented invention
Unintentional Delay Petition Validity - Provisional Expired b/c Embedded Font in PDF problem
Would this qualify as prior art for US20150020824 A1?
Prior art request US20130195410
Can a device claim be amended to a method after an office action?
Who is in control of the patent?
Filing, CIP, Con, PCT, Priority, etc and Expiration Date
Reply to office action scope
What happens after a provisional patent expires?
Does Google Patent cover all Chinese patents records from SIPO or just those who applied for PCT?
File provisional patent application in India before getting published in a Journal
there a patent on my idea but it is expired how do I get the rights?
How to know what is an important patent?
EPO publication date
Why does the FTC not require patent numbers to be included in television commercials?
How to submit prior art to contest application?
Is modifying number or merging patents considered adding new element?
How to find person Interest in any patent
What is the legal status of Safe Memory a Reclamation?
I could be sue for patent infringement just to have my website with a system or platform of a third company?
What is the invention, since there is strong evidence of prior art
Is traditional plant material improvement sufficiently descriptive to be considered full disclosure
Patent expire limit
Is this Patent still in effect?
Examples and guidance for algorithms and procedures
The Device that up links e ticket direct to luggage display
Is this patent still legal
Can I build a patented item (US 7,877,268) for personal use?
Will the GPLv3 prevent me to get a new patent?
What is the process for filing a continuation-in-part?
Requesting prior art on Google machine learning patent (US 2014/0180986)
How strict are patent claims?
Prior Art from 2002 for XML to XSD generation?
Questionable accuracy
Does my product infringe on claim 1 of EP 2342386 A1?
Do I need to use a patent attorney to pay an issue fee?
Same goal but different ingredients and different way of using it
The patent for dog leashes
How does an “open release” affect enforcement of plant patents?
Drawings and practical implementation
Help Contacting Patent Owner
Is Patent US6194720B1 valid in France?
Researching this product: V Blade Mandoline Slicer
Method for exercising a cat?
A generic software that can be used to infringe a specific patented procedure
Recording a phone conversation about patentable things
Since when can you patent a drug class?
I have an old shotgun with this mark and patent number. Where can I get information on this gun?
When will patent US 6,797,357 expire?
Trademark designer's surname is indexed incorrectly
Where can I find the contact details of the inventors of EP2546383A1?
What is the scope of US D680,805 "Wide mouth flask"?
Can I implement Neural Network Dropout (US 2014/0180986) for research purposes?
Images were taken off Google Patent search
Do divisional, continuation, and continuation-in-part affect expiration dates for patents filed prior to June 8, 1995?
Design Patent US D697,706 - human hand umbrella handle
Can a design patent be issued based on an existing product?
Patent specification
Claims with reference to single dependent claims
Are such broad claims as in US 2014/0019309 potentially granted?
Grant of patent US 5,095,151? Not OB listed?
How is this different from a regular market mix model?
Prior Art, an older Provisional Application and a new Patent Application (US 2014/0091685)
How can I protect a new form of physical fitness, using conventional workout routines and moves, on an non-conventional surface?
How detailed can be independent claims in a PCT utility application?
What is considered applicable prior art?
"On a computer"?
Features not disclosed in provisional application priority date
What is this patent (WO 2002/101622 A8) all about?
Patent is illegal, open sourced decades ago
USPTO Patent XML, understanding the us-field-of-classification-search element
Is it true that a USPTO patent not safe from European companies?
US 2013/0206605 A1 too broad, little novelty
Status of US 6,151,713
Exactly what is patented
Patent Share between Stakeholders
Prior art seems to exist
Does part ownership in a patent mean the owner was a contributor to the invention?
Patenting an invention yet in production
This patent is very similar to a Tunisian patent TN2010/0509 deposed the 04/11/2010 in Tunisia
Patenting a New Paradigm for Search Engines
Demanding lawyer fee discount after weak representation
Is this patent still active? If so, who do I contact to acquire the patent?
Miscitation between patents due to human error?
What is the role of dependent claims?
Examiner's liberal use of anticipation and obviousness
Can I broaden a patent while it is tested to work with specific conditions and environment?
Can a government hold a patent?
Can I patent a time machine?
Do they regard the whole claims of my patent for detecting the patentability of others' application or only my independent claims?
Do they regard the whole claims to reject a patent based on Prior Art or only independent claims?
When should I file a Petition to Make Special Based on Age
Can a claim be rejected if it lacks a clause that Prior Art includes?
Can I refer to a dependent claim, to a word that is in the claim that the dependent claim depends on?
Is it possible to obtain a patent on a technology I am already selling?
Is something that a user does, an step of a method
Can I sell beauty berry extract or essential oil or create a repellant if the isolate (callicarpenal) of a plant has been patented?
Where is it valid?
How do I go about discussing a patenable product with a potential partner?
Can embedded software be patented in the EU?
Could I be sued by this side project because of Patent US5732138?
Which is the first filed country of patent CN 203733449 U?
Copyright expiration
Error in patent, involving confusion of bacterial names
How to acquire pictures of a particular patent?
Can a patent have more than one, multiple preferred embodiments?
How can I protect my invention after applying for a patent?
Using patent #US2002002659
Is there a requirement to explicitly call out a preferred embodiment?
Understanding divided infringement in method claims
When are "new embodiments" new embodiments and when are new inventions?
There are several wrist tools, magnetic wrist tools, how will this get approved?
Can I sell the original paperwork for a historically significant US patent?
Can you patent an existing bacteria without any modifications?
Selling products in the United Kingdom despite a US Patent but no EU Patent
How to handle uncooperative examiner
How can pseudo-science be patentable?
IP blocking or user info blocking
Facebook was discussing about this patent in other blog, how can we find out what they are looking for?
Is US 6,608,366 B1 in the public domain?
Has application US 13/346,940 been granted?
Information regarding my father’s invention?
How to build software if you're unaware of which parts can contain potential patent infringements
Anybody interested in an open source EPO OPS client for patent search?
Can I use an invention that has not been granted a patent?
Replicating Tandy TRS-80 model 100 notebook computer for-profit
Prior art request for US4420261A
Can someone explain to me exactly what part of this is patentable?
Patent Expiration
Is this patent valid in México?
Media device design patent and other types of products
My grandfathers patent, expired?
Cutting up a product to use as part of another product
How to remove a file attached in a USPTO EFS WEB application?
Is it possible to re-assign Patent US 4,023,765 A?
Patent terminology: schematic vs diagrammatic views
What is the legal status of this patent?
When do the rights granted by a design patent vest in the USA?
Does this commercial product infringe on Patent Application US 2012/0207809 A1?
Macular Microcurrent Therapy update (literature search)
Use of HFC-134a as a propellant
Where can I get a copy of this patent?
Patent conflict for artificial beehive
Is US 2013/0208181 A1 valid in Australia?
What is the status of this patent?
Get the same patent in multiple countries
40 page troll patent by Magna Electronics citing 1795 sources
Write a patent without giving too much away
Understanding Kamatani Cloud US 6873940 patent class combination and patent applicability to cloud services
What is the priority date of US 4,851,616 A?
Patent enforcement
How can an academic lab explore RPA?
Why to reveal (software) methods through a patent?
Can I patent a product that has already failed?
Can I patent this process or workflow?
What is the legal status of US 2013/0132813 A1?
Lip balm pen, inquiring about its international eligibility
How to apply for a patent in the US/EU?
Canceled claims considered prior art?
50 wt% of something // ~~ plurality
Has US 5,623,660 A expired?
Is this machine still operational?
My design around of a patent is being made obsolete by a reissue, what are my options?
Is there a patent litigation damages threshold for a legal case to be accepted?
I would like to buy the Knock on Wood keychain patent
If you improve on a design do you still need to ask permission/pay royalties?
Does a product infringe on a patent if it requires the use of the patented product to function?
Inventor contact
Can I patent something that is already sold in another country?
Why do none of the links to images or PDF files work? They show the broken link icon
Air dryer deflector plate.
Can this patent be invalidated?
How often are patents terminally disclaimed?
HP Ink manufacture process patent or any other ink manufacturing patent
To invalidate a patent do you have to pay a $6,000 fee?
Can you patent something that does not have a patent but is in use?
Is there a patent for an ostomy pouch
SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR RECLINING A VEHICLE SEAT - Patent Application - PRIOR ART REQUEST
US 2,038,852 A (April 1936) - Who was the manufacturer?
Doesn't the publication of the Pharmaceutical Care Practices in 1998 and 2004 constitute public disclosure?
Patent Verification
I had invented and published before this patent application - How do I get it invalidated?
Prior publication ignored
What is unique about this?
Table shelf patent US5653413
Is this an approved patent?
Is the CoHOG algorithm patented?
Can I make my version of a patented product
PRIOR ART REQUEST: US20150262138 “Tip Button” (for Bitcoin)
Avoiding Declaratory Judgment When Sending Licensing/Cease&Desist Letters
Insurance covering claims of patent infringement: has anyone here direct experience?
What is the patent specifically protecting on this product?
Is there any value to this patent?
Cost to draft and file patent application in the U.S.?
How to prevent patent on a software feature which you have in your private project?
Has patent US 5,195,917 A expired?
Is it Legal to make an artificial kidney despite the patent?
Should i patent my invention as a system OR patent the components of this system?
Is patent US 4,734,658 A avalible free of change in commercial products?
How to Patent gaming idea in india
I would like to know if patent EP2152282A1 is still a valid patent?
Ethical problems with application
Does the use of software covered by GPLv3 and used in a patent for a device have any effect on the validity of the patent?
Patent pending/product on shelves?
Urgent - My Patent Application received a Non-Final Rejection, Advice?
Is this patent still valid?
software method claim could be rephrased a generic business method
This inventor was aware of prior art
Validity of a patent in another country
Ph.D student to file a patent without any contribution of the uni
Can it be a patent?
Parallel neural networks
Can this patent be rejected?
App idea i need to copyright or patent
Was Patent ever used?
Why wouldn't they include the power of a working prototype?
Choosing a patent lawyer
prior art proof
When and how to patent a business model?
In reference to the patent: [WO2014007762A1]
Parallel Programs for GPU
Assigning Patents To Different People For Same Device For Over 100 Years, US 8567565 B2
what is publication number for US5803169?
Automatic pupil distances using a mobile app
The principle behind the Patent is not original it was Public domain
Are reinventions patentable?
Home Made Sauce comprising of other sauces
What happend to this?
Can the same entity refile an abandoned patent application?
Is this patent granted in US or Europe or it is still in the approval process?
which components used in cup discharge and how that process worked?
Please describe why the examiner chose to allow this application in light of the prior art of record
How can I find this product?
is model is working or demonstrative only?
How to stop false patent infringement claims
How do patents on product inventions/designs work if inventions are signed off to the company you work for?
This is the same thing as SleekEZ that is already on the market or not?
put on notice of possible infringement for pending application
Exporting to foreign country and patent infringement
Application number and number of claims on patent US3263485 A
What does claim 1 of US 2008/0255822 A1 cover?
Cannot see the information about cut-off frequency?
Lost a digital copy of patent specification
Are algorithm-based inventions patentable?
Power of attorney
Violation of trademark/Patent?
What is the use of patenting?
If I paid someone to help simulate my design, does he have a right in the patent?
patentability of mathematical algorithms (especially those with a complex invented methodology)
Software claims and infringement
Employee inventions not yet patented by legal assignee; possible to patent?
I have filed for the same exact patten
about filing and making of prototype
What is the legal status of patent US20110223816 US 13/600,467
Guarenteed patenting service, free for failed cases
Can this be an actual patent?
need to know more about this type of diverter, need to know why its leaking,
Leitner system Patent
question about time periods for pre-exam processing
Where can I find the graphics for patent CA2311951C?
Licensing of Patent US20060063964
Can this patent on fecal transplant be granted?
Is it a granted patent?
Has the display already been built?
Where can I buy this toliet seat?
How to patents a design Idea for a device
Register prior art, but not wanting a patent
Prior art for the same exists
What is the effect of nilotinib on electrocardiogram QT interval in advanced Parkinson disease?
Regarding Resistance SPOT WELDING OF Nickel 0.2mm to Al of 1mm by precision spot welding machine
If the patent is granted, will be granted and if not why?
Have the Tree Lounge Advantage patents expired?
What are the penalties patent attorneys can be held accountable for false claims in a patent
What does this do?
If a dependent claim only limits the independent claim, then is it still infringement when a product only differs from that dependent claim?
A question on NoA
I would like to know if I could create a product similar to the Stiffy Bag but with a velcro closing flap at the top to secure products
What if the PPA was filed with the wrong classification? Still valid?
Invention's legal assignee no longer exists; can I patent?
This patent should not be granted; already published
What happens if I don't pay the issue fee?
Can the claims of an NPA from multiple PPAs retain the priority of their respective PPA filing dates?
Advice and Clarification on Method claim
Are claims part of a specification?
Requirements of Submitting Art In Computer Method Patents
Withdrawn patents
Is It Possible to Notify Small Infringers With An Informal Letter
Prior Art Request: Patent is based on 3GPP/ETSI standard
Purpose of Terminal Disclaimers
Does LEGO own patent US 8,292,744 B2?
Toilet Paper US 6,709,762 B1
Existing Patent's Application Usages
If I modify an existing product in a way that broadens its use, can I patent the whole thing or just my modification?
What is the full title of this patent application US 2014/0276500 A1? Is it still pending review?
Status Query on US20130163185
Is US 4,915,276 A still owned by Ermin Devito?
Inheritance of enforceable patents
What is "TEEBITOEY" and how does it relate to this patent?
Patent Status and Sale history
Espacenet - date when online records begin
Patents regarding to web applications
Starting a company using this patent
Prior art request: US7263687 (Object-oriented enumerated type facility)
In what economic systems, other than capitalism, do patents exist?
What are "legal events" as listed on Google Patents?
Can I reference an existing patent that was made in 1974? If so, how in depth?
Patenting an added ingredient as an improvement
Is patent US 5,504,055 expired?
How to find if a product is really "patent pending"
Prior Art on YouTube
In the USA, is it legal to distribute source code that, when run, would violate a patent?
If an application has a Patent Number dated 2000, is it certain that it was granted a patent?
Is a prototype mandatory for applying a patent?
In the USA, is it legal to perform an algorithm described in a software patent on pencil and paper?
Filing dates utility provisional application versus follow up design patent application
Can I share my patent with my professor?
Pseudoscience and bad medicine
Deciding to apply for PCT or USPTO
USPTO nonprovisional application before national application
Do I need to sign power of attorney to respond to office action?
Can this device be made by anyone now?
Reviving a product, with a patent, that has not be produced in over 40 years?
I was not named on this patent and I was the primary inventor, can I be added?
What does "WO" in front of patent WO 05/006842 mean?
Can someone resubmit a patent in 2005 on the same mechanism patent in 1990 or does it run out in 2010?
Claims interpretation for US7174229
Difference Espacenet, European patent register and Patent scope
Are other manufacturers allowed to produce an oxylobactor formigenes probiotic?
Using patented methodology as a tool to create products
Is it available?
Non-technical description for software patency?
WO and PCT patents do they have different jurisdictions?
When to submit a patent idea?
Patent Application already exists for my idea, but not granted for six years
Does functionality block ornamental protection in design patents?
Can a similar product be made?
Patenting a doodling technique
Altering a patented web application
Government app idea
I would like to know if this patent is a design patent
Is Google Patents broken for others?
Preparing to file a patent application
How can I get a translation of patents
Prior art request for issued patent U.S.7818924 B2
Downloading XML for USPTO patents
What happens if open source software infringes existing patent?
Patent on a patent
Can someone explain the term "commonly owned"?
Can a product that is 6 years old be patented?
How can I contact the examiner of an application about potential prior art?
How to check whether the invention is already patented
What is the point of within firm (inter-firm/subsidiary) patent transfers/re-assignments?
A cure for a disease. What next?
What constitutes prior art in relation to this application?
What do these sub group classes mean?
"Package delivery notification system and method" claims
“Further” usage in chained claims and in non-chained claims
Dependent claim arrangement
Reverse Engineering a communications protocol. Is it legal?
Depiction of an object which depends on patented control software
Does "Reasons for Allowance" in transaction history description of PAIR point to a probable patent grant in the near future?
Does Priority Examination delay other patents?
How do you you find a patent lawyer by looking at patents?
Good patent books for startups and inventors?
someone is selling my patented product
Can I patent an old piece of hardware?
Can I patent a genetically modified animal before creating the one?
How to write claim
Patent Term Adjustment
Telling about someone's patent on the web
Patent before beta release in India
Am I allowed to use a published algorithm which is an improvement to a patented algorithm?
Withdraw an Issued Patent
Prior art after patent granted
Can bacteria be patented?
How do I re-patent a product similar to one that's had its patent expire?
Is US patent 1816592 still active? Can I repatent it?
Find a product using a given patent / Contact a patent owner
How to search by international classification at USPTO
How long can you still sell a product that was recently granted ornamental design patent?
Do I need to prove a theorem used in my patent?
Can drawings alone act as prior-art for a new invention filed?
What if this was a "Portable Virtual Computer"
Is this patent still valid/enforceable? If the owner of a patent has failed to pay their maintenance dues, will the filed patent reflect that?
Regarding S. Patent #5769598
If I modify device which I bought for use in my company will that be infringement?
Legal ramifications of including research algorithms in software products sold to clients
Inverted Umbrella
Mobile application
combine 2 patents and package as my own?
Prior Art Sketches
How to get a patent on a design that already has a patent
US vs Indian Patent System differences
Does this patent cover using social connections data to better the search results
Patent Number suffix A1 / B2 etc.
I invented the one-man a capella multitrack video format that is very popular now - can I patent it?
Does this patent apply to the USA
Filing new patent after leaving the company
Microsoft Modular Computing Device - Prior Art Request
Private Patent Office
Can I patent my app idea before actually building it?
Benefit of omitting drawing and patent number of prior art in background?
Can a competitor see my unpatented product in the market and patent it before I do?
two provisional application on same invention two different dates
Improvement or new invention
How old must you be to file a patent
Can GitHub code be considered prior art? What if its in a private repository?
Can you patent something that was published 20 years earlier: US 8449413 B1
Arguments allowed in "Concise Description of Relevance" in USPTO prior art filing
Which countries does this patent cover? Is it possible to design around it?
Can a process which is completely based on thoery, without any experimental data, can it be patented?
filing a new provisional patent from a similar 70 year old provisional patent
What is the significance of this reference to patent law?
Describing alternative embodiments
Who is obliged / authorised to pay maintenance fee?
Free tool for IP management
Where to do download patents data?
What copyright or patent infringements could I step into by remaking an old game?
How do we invalidate this patent?
Re patent on previous work
What is the purpose of this patent WO 2015160373 A1 (GAME MODIFICATION)
Can I patent an architectural design?
Patent US5007257 still in force (confused because of assignments after expiration)?
can religious symbols be patented
Response to Notice to file corrected application papers
Is one drawing enough for a business process patent for software algorithm?
Can I file in france if I file a Provisional in the US and then publicly disclose prior to filing in France?
Where are the figures for this WIPO application?
What will be the expiry of Continuation patent
How could patents last longer than the term prescribed by law?
When do the patents on RC6 (U.S. Patent 5,724,428 and U.S. Patent 5,835,600) expire?
Restriction Dynamic Currency Discount (DCC) Singapore and New Zeland
Prior Art on the adjuvant function of LMP1, related to the patent application US20130039942
is this patent US20100122390 still in effect
Has anyone patented a way to implement fast tunable optical filters with 1 to 2 nm bandwidth FWHM that are insensitive to angle of incidence?
Is there a website for sharing patent analysis together with prior art claim charts for fending off trolls?
Previous work in 2007
This Patent is for a process that that was invented by someone else
Can a weak patent application come back to haunt you?
Why not raise eligibility under 101 after Myriad on granted patents?
Mitigating possible patent exposure
Is it legal to sell patented product in another country?
Stolen inventorship and compensation
Exploitation rights vs scientific value
Can aesthetic features be patented as utility invention?
Providing mathematical proof for a patent?
There is very clear prior art for patent application WO2014145999A
Information about appeals againt the patent
Patenting an existing product in China
Is Microsoft Excel functionality patented?
US20150310570 seems like a superfluous invention, can someone see prior Art and if suitable innovation exists
Where can I find information on change in ownership of patent or licensing deals
Status of US patent Patent number 5,730,925 date Mar. 24, 1998
What are my options for innovating if a technology is already patented?
Is there a maximum that someone could charge for licencing a patented technology?
How do I know if I infringe a patent?
Publish a PDF copy of the patent
Are Patents Given to Common Practices?
How to get patent family information?
Is this a current patent: CA2277698A1
What does (A) in patent number US744484(A) denote?
Do not see Images
Which countries does this patent protect US20040035049
Who can use this?
What is the cost of patenting from country x to other countries?
Has the patent been issued
What if two persons on the Patent had nothing to do with the development or invention of the patent
Is it possible to file a Freedom of Information Act requests for correspondence filed for a patent never published?
What jeopardizes a pending patent?
is this patent is still valid?
How does patenting regarding Bluetooth technology work?
What is the new time limit for reviving an abandoned patent application? Any case law?
Can you patent software that uses opencv (the free part)?
Combining 2 items to make a single
Patent protection: Through Inventor or Company name
UK patent coverage
Will claiming priority from provisional patent reveal it?
Filing in foreign office before domestic one, will the patent be rejected?
Some patent cases where a patent troll lost the lawsuit
What action is required to reinstate this patent?
My status with patent No. US5803294
How should I structure my claims and embodiments in regards to a patent for an invention to be implemented by a text editor?
what is the difference among Application number, Publication number and Patent number?
Can an encrypted publication be prior art?
Is it always okay to market a product that was patented 20+ years ago?
US 6067803 A is this patent valid in India?
Provisional Patent Filed Right Before Mine
Does patenting a smartphone app protect you?
Avoid infringement by replacing a specific component
Is my work infringing/violating this patent?
Patenting a game idea in India
Utility patent prohibiting against certain content
how many times this patent has been cited until now?
Mark as patented what is unpatentable
I found Great Grandfather's patents
Artificial Pollination of Adenium
Why is the patent of Rain Design's mStand laptop stand not violated by a similiar product by AmazonBasics
Name of the Procedure to transfer 3rd party patent rights to myself
Is there a custom or policy of obfuscating dangerous details in patents?
Obtaining Design Patent on expired similar design patent
What was the duration of the exclusive right granted to rizla+ over this patent?
How do I know if I am infringing a patent?
Is it better to make a provisional patent or a regular patent first
Patent. What is the paris convention What are the principal features of the paris convention?
Is this prior art or not? When a CCA-NC license precedes?
How much does it cost to file and obtain a patent? Who pays the patent costs?
Almost same method but different end result
What does this sentence mean in an Office Action?
Original Patent document
Sweeping claims, patentability
what if a single figure is too large to be put in one sheet?
What is the status of US20120049410?
What if a patent that was used to sue a company got invalidated later?
Is it really possible to patent neural networks?
Would this pateent apply to SMS in an Mobile Inbox too?
Ownership contact info
Is this posting on lower temperature nuclear thermal disassociation of n2o4 and nh3 prior art?
has Geomagnetism being used for generation of electricity?
How to determine the status of a patent application on Google Patents?
How to find whether patent is pending or granted and its issue date, if granted
Using oxalic acid on cardboard strips against varroa
Using patented product as a part of my product.
Is an electric circuit patentable?
Can I benefit from a patent application when approaching potential clients?
Filing of a PCT without disclosing all previous applications
What is the status of US20120305616A1?
Legality of patent from father but never manufactured
What aspects of a board game might be patentable?
Is this patent issued?
Is this patent [US7611025] applicable in India?
I have a similar product manufactured in Europe since 2009. How do I oppose the granting of this patent application?
Can I assign a patent application to a third party?
When does patent US5807360 expire?
US Provisional Patent error
Patent Drafting Method: Pros & cons of drafting claims and converting claims to descriptions
I published biomedical data and afterward, someone else patented the findings
Can chess moves be patented?
Partner filed an application for a patent trying to track it down
Combining patented products
What is the difference between 'Dillon 892 F.2d 1554, (Fed. Cir. 1989)' & 'Dillon, 919 F.2d 688 (Fed. Cir 1990)'
Does changing name of invention prevent patent protection?
Who gets credit on a patent?
is this patent protected outside of the US?
What is the invention in this patent?
Can I manufacture US1434590?
How do I collaborate with a company who may have a provisional on my idea?
Patent Infringement?
How to file patent in India
Can a new use for an existing invention be patented in Germany?
Where can I find german patent examination?
How can I protect my SaaS startup with patents?
William A Clark extended expansive bit patents
Potential mutual exclusivity in a list like “at least one of a, b, c or d”
Patent Application found - Prior work
Prior art request: RE38782
Possible patent considerations when posting Source-Code online?
My competitor and I both have patents. And now they are sueing me!
How to patent a machine or anything that uses a promising material being tested and developed?
Should a ridesharing platform be allowed a patent?
Expired patent with pending continuation applications and appeals on those
Bulk patenting discounts?
validity of pharmaceutical patent in another country
How big a priority is it for me to apply for patent of my software algorithm?
Timing on lapsed patent--protected?
Can I copy parts of applications that are not specific to the invention?
Micro Entity and Multiple Applications
How do I protect my rights to royalties as inventor when collaborating on a patent?
What are the legal rights and royalties based on a recipe?
How is a magazine article cited in a detailed description?
Am I reading this right? -- the cost for a provisional patent application
Invented something 10 years ago, if I change it a little can I patent it
When does the patent on the CPR manikin (US4984987) expire?
The Application Data Sheet 37 CFR 1.76 form (aia0014.pdf) does not allow me to sign
This patent seems to be prior art to a patent listed in this Indegogo project?
Can I produce and sell a product that was patented more than 50 years ago?
Who sold and who purchased patent #4131769
Broad application applies to longstanding software capability
fabricated data in the patent application
making and selling protected patent
Request for explanation in easy words
Will I have freedom to operate considering prior art cited by examiner?
Contact info for patent holder
question about patent expiration
Air Freshener Dispenser Lid; D 641, 464
Are these patents unreasonably broad? US20130158984A1, US20130151240A1, US20130198196A1
Is submitting a document falsely claiming that an inventor is not reachable illegal?
Using a US-patented invention in Canada
Application US20140276230: The word in google patent is garbled and PDF cannot be download
What is a method, what is a system, and what are the differences?
Regarding the usage of this process in my industry
What are all the things you need for a provisional patent application?
Do figures need to be in a sensible order?
Is this patent still in effect and inforced?
Does this patent not encompass the sale and use of the vast majority of cognition supplements on the market?
this patent is only an idea, how can this qualify for patent protection?
I have an idea of a casino side bet, but i am being told i can not patent it
Seems like overwhelming prior art and lack of novelty, could this actually get patented?
What does it mean when a national patent out of a european patent gets contested
Is this patent still up to date?
Should this patent list prior art associated with it?
Having someone else file a patent application to retain micro entity status
Coverage and risk of ImageWare patents
I am the original inventor. Is it possible to find from USPTO PAIR the expiration of this pending patent?
Where to file first? At home or International?
Any Chance the USPTO will accept 3D Models as Digital Prototypes in the future?
Is there popularity (sales not income) track on a patent
What happens when you make a spelling error in a dependent claim?
Has Amazon been awarded this patent? (9,398,367)
Mobile Media Server - PRIOR ART REQUEST
Where/how can I find the reason for a rejected patent?
When will the patent office change for free the drawing published on an application?
When should a person file a PCT? How can I find out which countries a PCT covers?
Electrical Signals vs Electromagnetic Signals
Acquisition of US patent number 6840836B1
Reason for continuation when examiner opines no improvement on prior art exist
Is a rejected patent application considered prior art under "first to file"?
Would the Irish military have the right to claim ownership of an employee's invention?
What does it mean that this patent is dead?
Technology Patents personal work vs. organizations one works for
Options for submitting prior art on a patent application after the 6 month window passed?
Is a music electronic circuit patentable?
patent infringement
Isn't this pretty much the same thing?
Proving the date of a website being used as prior art
Natual Language processing patent by Oracle
Expiration date from patent EP1228987 & DE60206307
Prior Art for US20150095841 A1 ‘Composable Analytics’ and Data Flow Based programming?
What's the point of a patent?
How is the truth established in court for cases involving truly high-tech patents?
This is direct copy of a previous work published in ICST conference 2009
This patent looks to be a spam/troll attempt
Infringement Issues
Can provisional applications be sold/assigned?
How to find a patent lawyer with an engineering background?
Video game mechanics patentable?
Patent Search Failure
PCT patents , is it Public Domain or up for grabs in my country?
Manning F Hunt great, great grandfathers patent
combination patent - do I need to specify type of a component (sensor)?
can someone patent a machine which uses signal transfer?
this plant and its constituents can not be patented
Was this patent granted?
Explanation if patent is granted or pending
Can I write the Demand letter or C&D myself?
Patent filling in Argentina
Can I sell my own brand of toilet paper without being sued for infringement?
Finding prior art referenced in the description of an existing patent?
How to properly record invention activites
What does it mean to 'recapture' information from a PCT application?
Multiple Inventions as Independent Claims
How to evaluate IT contract for patent and invention content
Where to desribe the problem in my application
What happens when a non-provisional patent infringes a provisional patent?
Is there any disadvantage to file a single large long patent?
Can I apply a patent for logos?
How to deal with prior art with absurdly broad claims?
What does US20160034139 cover?
Can I use microsoft Paint for drawings?
Additional Design Patent as backup for a Provisional Patent (strategy)
I battled with USPTO Examiner for 7 years (Utility Patent) do I start fresh?
Patent Authorship
Referencing other studies in background
Can a patent that cannot work be considered prior art?
Benjamin Franklin never filed a patent for his inventions, as he wanted to share them with society. Could his example be followed in today's society?
original document about the patent US532942 (Charles Bivort et Jean Nadler)
Costs for patents in Europe for software or online-service
Expired Patent?
What is their legal title?
What is the invention of this patent?
is this patent still enforceable?
I spoke to a patent attorney about an idea with a drawing.
Question re: compensation for a successful patent based on my invention
This patent appears to fail the "obviousness" test
How does Apple file a patent for a paper shopping bag?
Call for Prior Art US Patent 8,738,435 (Phoenix Licensing)
What does it mean for long time waiting for a Application?
Patent Drafting: Using multiple colon in first claim
How do I find out if a patent is still active?
Provisional Patent and Sale
How Do I Check the Status of My Application or Registration?
How to draw hierarchical structures?
Can rejected patent applications constitute relevant prior art?
Can WIPO application filed after 12 months from priority date?
Multiple priority date options
Split an invention into multiple patents?
Can an invention get international protection after revealed to public 12 or 18 months?
Can conflicting applications be considered for determing the obvious of a later-filed application?
Is this patent deemed abandoned?
Number of claims in PCT application
MP3 codec restrictions
What does 'abstract' mean in a patent?
Can I refile an expired patent under my company? I did not file the original though
Clear infringement of originality and sources for inclined beds supported by prior art and website
Given prior art, is Facebook's patent on Reactions valid?
Patenting an already created product
why is this patent not reference significant previous work?
How to number the parts in the drawings?
Expired Patent can we apply for a new patent with similar idea
Are there any free prior art search services?
Patent details changed without consent
Figures of the patent
Patent Revival After 24 Months Expired (New Law)
Intervening Rights
Is US6506148 a real patent
Assuming a lapsed patent
Independent claim construction - "Missing" keywords
Figures are missing from referenced patent
Only Application number yet valid is granted
Applying for a patent after one has lapsed
Does a photography need a patent?
What can I do to someone who stole my idea and patented it?
US20160239804 Modular Air Delivery based on behaviour of existing product and public UAV delivery contests - PRIOR ART REQUEST
Are inventors' prior art submissions to USPTO available?
Can i patent a product in usa that was already invented in china?
Can someone steal the designs associated with a patent application that has not been granted? Are the designs afforded protection?
Using algorithm whether it infringe patents?
Full Name on Patent Application
How much evidence exists that this patent actually belonged to the owner of record?
Is this patent valid? Or just granted and never used
What is the difference between the filing and priority date, since it is the same date for this invention?
error report for incorrect patent number retrieval
This was my father's and grandfather's patent. Can you tell me if this is expired or can it be renewed?
Can this patent's claims be trivially avoided?
Can I file patent for my new Automated Teller Machine?
Why is patent for Viagra extended beyond term?
Can i patent mobile app algorithm
Is novelty in every dependent claim a necessity?
is a provisional utility patent the way I need to go?
Are hand drawn diagrams sufficient for provisional utility patent?
An efficient way to protect my software
If I possess a patent-pending for a method, would I be safe to use crowd funding services?
retractable helicopter pump
Scientifically invalid patents
Obviousness in methods
Why would an examiner decline demonstration of an invention?
Search issue on patent # US5269144A for Michael J. Holihan
Is this Patent Still Valid? (Hat / Cap)
Third Party Observations in China
Are other parties free to innovate on my invention?
Would providing a sample put in jeopardy my patent pending?
is a computer listing necessary for a provisional utility patent?
What is the "easiest" way to get a new examiner?
How much does it cost to buy a patent to protect your invention if you are a civilian, a public member?
Claim dependence on later claim
Double patenting and continuation patents that don't continue
Can I patent a service that I don't want another business to offer?
What is different in this claim from US7160405B2 Marcel Aeschlimann?
Customizing Book Patent, very detailed. Can I file my own patent under something maybe missing from the former?
How can I speak about upgrading the prior art/pre-existing/previous products?
Can I use the "Background of the invention" from a similar patent in my provisional application?
Apple patent application already granted to another
Should I use a range instead of a single measurement in the patent description and/or drawings?
How many new patents were registered, commissioned or administered by NASA in 2016?
How can I Patent features, functions, and devices without details?
What is the the structure if combination claim?
Sort patents by citation number
Patent already filed for this design 11 years ago
What is the "Fee payment" as described in the Legal section at the end?
Can I apply for design patent whilst I have a utility application pending?
Re-Instatement of a patent
I authored a new mathematical theorem so: Is it patentable, is scholarly publication an advantage, where should I patent it?
Was this patent from 1919 reissued? It looks like nothing new was added
How to protect an app whose functionality is not novel, but the GUI is
Is this patent valid even it it was sold two years prior to application
Can a product patented in US be manufactured in India
Provisional patents for software
How to download a granted Russian patent?
Do I need NDA when talking about submitted patent
Meaning of "SAME" in the title of patent
Books on patents
"The title google has is "Cotack Goniometer".....and it should be "Contact Goniometer"...how do I suggest changes?
Long arm quilting machines have been on the market for over 40 years
Can I legally sell my own product in my country which is patented in another country?
Should I Seek a Utility or Design for a Software Heavy Invention?
How does one validate that a patent has been filed prior to publication by USPTO?
This Patent has been Successfully Issued by the USPTO
What are the new items on the first claim of US5147183?
How do I know if the patent is granted
Getting over patents using multiple companies
Can I get a patent from a device which was made with open source parts?
Patent Attorney Free Online Consultation?
Patent Troll Alert PCT/US2016/031871
Automatic Network Discovery
Is it possible that i will disclose my idea through searching existing patents or using search engines?
Why can the image not be viewed?
Could I allow the public to build proof of concept while protecting my patent rights?
Can a U.S. design application claim priority of a foreign invention application?
Patent the Code, Software or both?
Amendments that can be filed at the same time as entering U.S. national stage?
any other patents involving baseball caps for pigtails?
what if my software product has unique feature but uses library functions of another technology?
I'm looking for a market product that uses this patent and owner of US8047843
[US20160122959]
Alternatives to share ownership of a patent
File Provisional Application without some implementation details
Redesign of ref#112 knob
what if i use other people invention is part of my own invention
Is there a patent for water flow sensing and leak detection in Pipes?
Patent legal validity
understanding timeline of new elements to be filed in NP
patent life of a PCT application and royality thereof
Who specifically has a patent on Fresnel Lenses
What MUST be included in US non-provisional and PCT first filing, what can be added in amendments?
Download pdf on new google patent
infringement damage validity for a descriptive PPA
can this invention be patented?
Pre-filing phrase to use
How to write claim with only novel elements of my invention
Drawing formatt
Micro-Entity Filing Status
Does an applicant have ownership rights if not listed as an inventor?
method patent: sub-method dependency
Patenting existing product in a package of single unit
US20050258178 is this patent vaild in the EU
Is this patent valid? Granted? Which countries does it cover? Are there family members?
Temperature control question?
Was this patent ever granted?
Does this prohibit other camera measuring systems?
Keep application secret
A question regarding micro entity terms
A specifc question regarding mobile apps patenting
Can a patent include a claim that is encompassed by an "abstract" claim rejected in a different pending application?
Is patent protection limited to ONLY what is described in one of the claims?
Who owns the patent on the statue of liberty?
When is the right time to apply for my provisional patent
How old do you have to be to file a patent
Prior art search based on non-paid databases
patent conjunctions
Writing a provisional patent draft for a mobile app
What are the restrictions on using this method?
Writing my provisional patent application for my app, I have a question
The provisional patent and future idea for my mobile app
Should I abandon my provisional and start over?
Do you have to amend claims lacking novelty or an inventive step
Prior art suggests possibility of using a specific sensor, can my patent still use this sensor?
Is there a way to find out if a patented item is currently in production / being sold somewhere?
How can I find out if a US patent is valid in Germany/EU
Can I describe two different ideas inside a provisional patent application?
Can I get information about IPR, PGR or ANDA litigation?
Is US 2008/0222899 in force?
What is the the scope of this patent
Shared my work for analysis before applying for a patent?
Find patents with classification that have been reexamined
What do companies mean when they say your idea has to be patent or potentially patentable?
My husbands name is on patent.He passed away.Who is legal owner now?
What does method, apparatus, computer software embodied mean
How important are claims in provsional patents
Repatenting someone else's dropped provisionals
Prior existing technology patented
Validity of patent
why has this (zero-point-energy) not been made available to the public
Did they check before accepting this patent?
To patent a technology on a smart device and a yet to be made apparatus
How do I find patents owned by a a given university for a given topic programatically?
Can i publish a paper on a concept for which I filed a patent recently and got the application number
wet cat food dispenser - Pet Feeding Robot - is this https://pawbot.com/?
Today is USPTO holiday and my final 12 months filing day, can I file tomorrow?
Does patent US8396664 mean that no one in in the continental USA can 3d map golf courses?
Protecting intellectual property in the EU
USPTO classification number
Who gets credit for providing CAD drawings for a patent?
Altered Patents
What is the difference between the inventions in US 2015/0291122 A1 and WO 2012/113362 A1?
What happens to the new patent, if there is another similar provisional patent (withdrawn or fee not paid ) available for public
Working in a large organization - have idea of my own-some questions
validity of patent and regions covered
How to deal with two aspects of invention in claims
List or Registry of Expired Patents
Shouldn't this patent bear/state the name of the product or products (Prolon) it seeks to support/protect?
Software invention with two components
Two aspects of the same invention and one aspect is not unique
Software invention with multiple aspects and method
How/where to download large amount of patent applications?
Combining two claims for two inventions in one patent
Claiming of all patentable material in patent
When exactly do you lose the provisionals priority?
Sue patent lawyer obvious prior art
How do I file a water-tight provisional patent for an article worn around a person?
US7878151 Dog Toy - what happened to the lawsuit between Our Pet's and Kong?
Can a contract override a previous patent?
HELP SAVE Information Retrieval for future generations from a FACEBOOK Patent
What software can I use to e file a provisional?
Could this be an infringement?
How can I protect my idea outside the US?
Isn't this patent too general
Who is the current owner of patent US 618,593 S
Two patents, same technology, same inventor, different dates?
Cheapest way to extend the time of provisional patent application
A question regarding the patent term
Abandoned -- Failure to Respond to an Office Act
Patenting a new use for a known product
Is this patent applicable for gaming industry only? Can some parts of it be used in other fields of work without infringement of rights?
A bulge in patent's citations
Final rejection using same references after an unarticulated non-final
Is patent GB2418423A valid?
Where can I purchase this item
Is there a way to crowdfund patent invalidation?
Patent Drawings missing, presents drawing of a another patent? How to get related drawing?
What does "as such" mean?
Problem filing micro entity status
Learning how to draft patents
Avoidance of double patent
Are patent term adjustment granted automatically?
Facebook can create apps or features if you use their API to use their features
What is status of this patent
Game Patentability
can EP application takes priority from provisional patent?
If someone else invents and patents a design 5 years after you've been selling the same design
I want to build a software similar to one that is already built but it is patent pending what are my choices?
Im looking to patent a board game
Actually invented by a different person
Publication #: WO2014118527A1
Creating a similar product
Different consideration for prior art based on jurisdiction(US and EP)
Question about the original assignee in this patent
How do I explain the advantages and avoid using "invention" or "object" in the description?
Patent with Multiple Claims
In reference to the patent: [US3792680][1]
I would like to use this mirror for motorcycle use with different mounting as sold
How related is this to a 2014 research paper
Undiscontinued entity status enter in filed patent what does it mean?
Purchasing the patent
Do i need to file multiple design patents if the product can use different country plugs
1917 Patent US1239172 A
Annotating two portions connected by construction - Brake lines? Dotted Lines?
Where can I find a patent with the number ZL 2014 2 0446264.5?
How can we identify the change in Assignments. Is it based on time frame (USPTO update once in a 6 months) or if there is some legal status changes
Acquiring freedom to operate
How can I protect a national patent abroad if I have missed the deadline for an international (PCT) application?
Can EP or WO application claims the priority of US application ( wherein US application already claiming the priority of US provisional)
How can I identify the usage implications of this granted patent for the base91 encoding algorithm?
This is my deceased Grandpa's patent. What exactly would this be used for?
Provisional patents formal font size and style
Regarding selecting a font on the provisional patent
Provisonal Patent Cover Sheet Questions
Project weelchair vertic university
Provisonal Patent Cover Sheet More Questions
Need help locating the patent on the hula hoop Chanel bag (circa 2013)
What is the time limit for reviving an expired patent?
Inventive step and how to express multiple solutions to a problem
When an element (uncountable noun) is introduced for the first time, is there any introcductory article needed?
Patenting medicinal plants in Australia
Patenting for Arduino based invention
When to file a design patent
Can I claim my father's patent?
What category would a new rulemaking procedural patent for the Federal Register be classified?
How many drawings can a patent have?
Can I patent my game if it uses characters and a location from another company?
Employer won't pay patent issue fee. What to do?
Understanding US9521164
Google Patents Searching not returning accurate results
State law about employers giving inventor chance to take forward an application before abandoning
Can I patent a sports prediction model?
Who holds patents for "over-size" golf club grips?
Can I use the technology of this patent for a consumer product?
The expiration date of the patent US 20100203636
is the indirectly claimed priority valid?
Patent Still Active?
Will paying for US patent from foreigner be considered importing?
Patenting a trade secret algorithm
Using provisional patent application only for "patent pending" status
Can the invention from this patent be used in a research project in pharmacy?
Patent comes up in European Patent search but not in US
How does this patent work?
Patent of prototype
Can Patent A be considered as a prior art over Patent B with a priority date before the filing date of Patent B?
Contact Patent Owner
How can patents ever be two way blocking?
Does a patented product have to be produced to be enforced?
Would it be legal to use this technology for my research project?
application conflict
Does claiming priority change the effective date for prior art concerning EPC §56?
Prior Art Challenge to application US20160203808
An expired patent, medical process using different ingredients to use in a medical procedure. I have been taught this and want to use it on my own
Using patent US 4582096 A in commercial?
Design and Utility Patent for Same Invention, Ex Parte Quayle
A patent from a company and from private
Can a registered Community design be enforced in the USA?
How do I reference provisional patent B in provisional patent A?
Can an employee of an European Company (applicant) represent his company before USPTO?
Why do people patent well-known ideas?
What concrete lessons should software patent applicants learn from Alice vs CLS Bank?
where will I find some data on how many patents are filed in each country over the last 10-15 years, in lifesciences?
Can I use "Unlisted" Youtube video rather than "Public" as a prior art prove
This says cessation of patent right does that mean its expired?
Is a galley / kitchen layout for a small space patentable
Copied Activated water system
Common Disclosures for multiple applications?
Can I order an Inventor plaque from USPTO?
Supercap liquid heater
Patent pending for 12 years
Is there any value to this patent for the inventor?
What feature is this patent protecting?
patent a product in the USA that is already patented in south Korea?
Company Patented My Internship Work
Is the patent us4690821 still valid and in force?
Is there any limit in patent image height and width?
How are patents managed internationally?
Why do patent description contains serial numbers like [0001], [0002] etc?
Patent Drafting Software
What does an implementation cost?
Is Prazza the patent owner or licensee
Is there a Patent-to-English dictionary?
How to check if a patent was sold
Can two different people own a patent in different countries?
Has the Patent been abandoned? Can Someone else pick it up after being abandoned?
Can I make changes to provisional patent once filed?
Just got an extended European search report with Unity rejection, how can I do to argue with the Examiner?
Can seemingly unrelated claims be grouped together if they're part of the same broader invention?
Lapsed Patent outside of US
What is the effect of a US patent in Brazil?
How do I format a patent application number for use in Inpass?
Patenting Inventions and Commercialisation
Is this patent still active? Was it rejected prior? If so why?
If an individual had a role in "correcting" my mistakes/work, do they have rights to my idea(s)?
What does this patent cover? USD705533
Are grammatical errors allowed in provisional application?
How can I see what exercise/small soft tissue designs are currently patented?
Is a novel way of applying a pharmaceutical patentable?
What is the scope of a particular design patent?
Is this still valid?
Creating a similar product to a patented product
How an infringement in a qualification method would affect a product?
Newspaper Bridges
How to overcome 101 rejection uspto
Diagram of Patent us6583327
Is this an actual patent? WO2012046284A2
Is there a "Hey, you're selling my invention without permission. Stop that." service?
Can you sell an item that already has a patent but your product differs in the ability to be customized?
Is it worth patenting an algorithm if I don't have the money to defend against infringements?
Tool for checking/proving the appearance of a product in the market
How can I determine whether my product infringes this patent?
Pros and Cons: Software Patent vs Restrictive Open Source
Failure to pay Patent maintenance
patent Infringment on my product
Selling similar item to one yet to to be patent registered in my country
Why is this unworkable patent claim approved?
Who owns the patent now?
Can I patent a process in US being from another country?
Rejection in US
Validity of patent on Merkle Trees
What is the best strategy to avoid patent tyranny?
Use of Patent outside the USA
how can i contact the inventor and owner of this patent to be able to buy the rights to this patent?
Can I manufacture my device in view of US 1300137?
When does patent US 5891453 A expire?
Prior art and very broad description
If I produce a open source algorithm, can a company register a patent with my idea and sued me?
Termination of patent right or utility model
BLE location system and method - PRIOR ART REQUEST for US patent 2016164368
Claims statements repeated in different categories such as "a method for," "a system for," etc
Including existing patents and non-patent prior art in a nonprovisional application
Guidelines or advice about establishing limits on independent claims
What is the duration to file international patents after filing in USPTO?
Would omitting a plastic bag avoid infringement of US 8863947?
Does the Lawn Aerator Shoes hold patent? I am trying to sell lawn aerator shoes and would like to check if it has any patent
Images available?
Does the pure complexity of a computational task make it not to be a mental model?
Can terms and conditions trump patent awards?
Planning ahead for exploring licensing possibilities for a computer-related patent
is this expired now? open for using freely?
Can a provisional patent applicationl be inherited?
priority dates and disclosure
Must I infringe on EVERY PART of a claim to infringe...?
US patent application based on the contents of Chinese patent applications
When do provisional rights arise for a PCT application?
Would this patent prevent a patent of the same type of product made from a different material? Would that be considered a variation of this patent?
Extracting a detail from specifications of one patent application to create a new patent application
Images are not loaded
What is the current thinking about inclusion of a "Field of the Invention" section?
Could this be a design patent infringement?
I published this same idea on Sep 18 2010
Can one patent a technology applied to a very specific physical product?
Micro, Small, Provisional, Non-Provisional
template for provisional patent - I am filing for a mobile App
Patent for mobile application outside USA
Invention purchased including rights to intellectual properties
Can person A make person B's patented design a reality?
Can we get a patent for set of mathematical instructions of similar types
Trying to find a patent for a hay baler
How to determine eligibility for software patents?
"Designated countries for regional patents"
How can the difference between "Priority Date" and "Filing Date" be greater than 1 year?
Does a patent owner need to provide details of the patent on request?
How should existing software products be described in an IDS, if at all?
How is this patentable?
Why is there so much confusion about the expiry of this patent?
In Google Patents, how can a priority date be more than one year before a non-provisional patent application filing date?
Reapply for patent after notice of abandonment
If i have 8 claims and Someone uses 7 of them in the same order can i take legal action?
If i added an improvement to my PPA using only a drawling am i covered?
What is the proper structure for a claim statement involving “a plurality”?
Does this patent cover anything that can be construed as "Router Milling Technology?"
US 20160206031 A1 is a patent that states its the only patent of its kind? Is this true?
Can I produce grinder card without breaking this patent?
If someone file for a full patent after i file for a PPA can they steal my idea?
When does patent US512340 A expire?
Is this patent on a rudder innertube still valid?
How can I decide whether a patent is infringed?
Use of patent pending outside the filing country
Does a “Petition to Make Special Based on Age” (65+) type of Accelerated Examination still have the same 3/20 claims limitation?
Is this patent still legally protected?
Does this PCT application lack novelty over an earlier filed US application?
Is this patent #7,927,287 still valid and in force?
I designed a product 10 yrs. ago and have been selling it, can a person who is copying it patent it?
Is this a design or a utility patent?
Broader claim for a Provisional application after non-provisional application - same invention
I want to know the place of publicationa and publisher name
I, Michael William Holland, am the only direct decendant of T R King, my great grandfather. How do I go about claiming ownership of this patent?
Is there any online database that provides the firm level patent statistics for research purposes?
Cost of a patent
Ask for Permission
Non-Final Action response timeframe?
Markham window or Anderson window? Who was first?
Dr Cristina Sanchez shows prior art for patent [US8790719]
Examiner ignores inventor's arguments against his owns
Should patent claims be narrow yet vague?
What happens to the priority dates if a provisional application has more than one invention?
Mentioning legally PCT in an agreement
If my PPA and patent are written differently will the patent get rejected?
Schrödingers Prior art 54(3) EPC
Can I link an unregistered eFiling to a new account?
Why I cannot see the images?
Is it best to make independent claims very broad and depended claims very narrow?
A patent have nationality?
Is it open patent so that we can use it to our new product
Patent has multiple prior art, why is the multiple prior art not preventing the grant of it?
Has GROW Software's patent application (publication number: 20170157859) been granted?
With prior art prove, can this electroluminescent paint patent be invalidated?
Patent exhaustion: services utilizing a patented device
Challenging validity of licensor's patent
expiry date patent EP 0999335 for Europe - Holland?
If I in my specifications explained enough where someone can recreate my invention but broad in claims could that pass in the uspto?
Can I manufacture and sell the product shown in US 2010/0180382?
Patent on a living hinge
Substitute specification with markings - clean version
Is this a Design Patent or Utility Patent
18 mo application publication start from continuation filing date or original filing date?
I am concerned about some cosmetic products from different brands that all have same patent number. What does that mean?
Advantages of Designing Sub-Patents based on an initial wide-ranging Patent owned by the same inventor?
I would like to get this patent assigned to my company since it infringes on DQWA, which is assigned to Ether-2. How do I do that?
is the patent US20140253038 still valid and in force
EP0282796B1 Is there an English version available?
How important is the level of disclosure in a provisional application?
If i publish my invention before i get a patent do i have a year to get a patent before i lose my rights?
When does this patent expire?
PRIOR ART REQUEST: US7,051,342 - Method and system for remote automation of object oriented applications
Is the whole idea of a dual-squeezable bottle have a patent or is it just this particular cap and this particular bottle?
Does this patent refer to adding any kind of magnet to eyelashes?
Do I mention the involved mathematics in my patent application?
Public sales abroad constitute disclosure
Is this patent expired
Disproving novelty from more than one reference?
Should I file a national or an international patent application?
Are private discussions valid prior art?
Does non-enabled use constitute infringement?
Facing issues while e-filing provisional patent application
Is this patent not in contention with patent number US5531366?
Use of the term plurality
What is the legal status of Patent 6869679B1
Amendments in Claims and complete Specification
what became of patent us240287?
When did patents start citing each other?
Protections for selling a business idea
Why are the pictures not viewable?
How to export more than top 10k results from Lens.org?
How is an electric motor conversion kit patent eligible?
Utility patent and Pct/ two products/ another continent
Why is no downloadable PDF version available?
questions on selling a product similar to a patent
Patent being filed by previous employer on invention made during the time I was employed by them
Can I patent in spite of this existing patent with very broad description?
What if I do not know how to design the circuit board for my idea?
There is nothing new in this patent. WfMS and BPM platforms have been known for decades
what is the application number of this patent
Buying Patent that has been abandoned
A feature in Software Product
Supplementary material
JP Morgan patents "basic app communication"
Raked wingtips are not new... What can be legitimately patented?
In the attempt to address claim rejections, how much assistance can I get from the examiner who handled my application?
Are International Search Reports/Written Opinions useful?
Help in a task, do they have rights towards my patent?
Specific Companies that use this patent
What is the status of the patent WO2006064519A2?
How was this patent even granted?
Status of the application
Improvement on an already patented idea
Searching contact details patend CN102853400 B
Drug patents: Is some proof of therapeutic use required before patenting?
Animated Drawings In Patents
Isn't this patent abusive?
How do vanishing stories on WhatsApp not infringe Snapchats patents?
How to find a patent lawyer for EEG / ECG electrodes?
What are they patenting on this product
Does the US Patent Office fact check an application's Background section before granting a patent?
Should a 3D designer be on patent?
PPH: Only requesting subset of claims in OLE
Impossible to patent to other countries because 12 months have passed
Two patents same product
What happens if you improve/alter your invention after it has been successfully patented?
How do I find the previous or alternate names of a company?
Data Processing in urban design
Why does a silly patent like this and others exist?
If i explain my idea to raise fund will that void my patentability?
How to defend your work from patent vultures?
One design patent for multiple interchangeable parts on a product?
Is having a look and feel of another product copyright violation?
Under what circumstances can an invention comprised of available components be patented?
Length of Time Before Invention is released or Patent is up
Where can I find European Patent Office documents?
If a patent expire can someone else repatent it?
What happens if a patent has claims that infringes prior art got granted?
Can I patent a calculation method or application, that uses previously undefined variables?
How is patent infringement usually being discovered?
model about Formal format reply after examiner's amendment
I found 2 patent,which are over 26 years ,but still in force,can someone help tell me why?
What is the line between obvious and novel?
Selling a "kit" instead of complete patented product
Combining multiple items to make a kit with some non obvious knowledge is required
Is 12-month Paris Convention priority claim deadline extendable?
Validity and Standing
same product, different designs
What if the cloud is located where the patent is null?
How to draw patent illustrations?
Can a corporation be listed as an inventor?
"embodiment" vs. "invention"
Is it legal to download a picture from clients device to company computers?
Has this patent been issued?
what happens when a biomarker patent was filed based on wrong science?
Is this patent up for purchase since it has expired, if so can I buy it and how?
Finding a Patent of My Great Grandfather
Someone stole my computer program and said he will patent it. How can I check if patent exists?
Is it possible to write software that doesn't infringe on patents?
Patentability due to conflicts between dependent and independent claims
Heated Snow Shovel Patent
Combining 2 inventions risk
How long does it takes for a Japanese patent to get published?
Why is ease or difficulty of implementation, in general, NOT relevant to patentablity?
Pros and Cons of going public with my invention rather than obtaining a patent
Section 101 - Computer Implemented Invention
If each country is resonsible for its own patents, can an invention be copied from one country to another?
Does same owner's prior application count as of filing or publication date?
alteration of provisional patent
Did they patent Auto-Correct?
Utility patent specifies decorative purpose
Question about the Non-obviousness Requirement of 35 U.S.C
does this patent have to mentioned in
What are the bracket numbers in a patent?
How can I tell if my product would infringe on a previous design patent?
If someone owns a patent, does this mean they some sort of rights from places that use their invention?
What is this patent US20150162784 all about? and how is it relevant in other countries?
Are patents required to be put online?
Is this patent US 6,910,697 still valid and in force
Product is made in Europe, can I sell it in US where similar patents already exist?
TRYING TO FIND OUT IF A PATENT IS CURRENTLY VALID OR ACTIVE OR PAID ITS FEES
Prior art request: low or reduced friction pulleys/blocks
Added inventor to ADS accidentally, received Notice for Missing Parts for declaration
A patent for a specific wallet
How does MSR Reactor camp stove not infringe on this patent?
Is Patent No. : 9,717,352 Issue Date : August 1, 2017 valid in India
Is no one ever allowed to use a simplex grid in procedural generation until the Simplex Noise patent expires?
Can I file a Patent in the US from a different country?
Is US2463439 still active?
Patents and distribution rights
Is the Chase-Lev Deque patent (US20070143326A1) still valid after Alice?
Asking about a patent drafting advice
Publication of Private Address
Is this patent still valid (inventer still have exclusive rights)?
writing my own patent to an idea I developed at my work
Where is Applicant Response to Pre-Exam Formalities Notice on EFS Web?
Patent image irrelevant to claims
when does U.S. Patent No. 7930340 expire?
Patent valid or expired?
Excessive disclosure in a provisional utility patent
What does Golang patent mean
Can I file new patent, copy of patent I filed couple of years ago, as I missed PCT for few countries
Utility patent and method patent
Are CRISPR patents actual device or merely methods that utilizing devices?
Does my invention infringe on this hardware/software system?
Basic eCommerce system re-patented?
Can a person with a concept patent technicle specifications of an engineer Without adding his name to a patent
Who owns this patent?
Retrieve US patents claims
Does filing a duplicate provisional within the 12 months of filing the original negate my original filing date?
What exactly is this patent on?
Patent protection per country
Is this patent on electrodes a troll and how to get it invalidated after 6-month window has passed?
Is US8433843 invalid?
Is this patent enforceable?
Examiner Cited Disclosed Art 3 Years After the fact in a 102 Rejection
Signing Application-Data-Sheet (ADS) Using EFS-Web
What is time to give reply to advisory action if it is received after 3 months of Final Office Action mailing date
Soffer, Softer, Soifer
Is this patent for the entire unit or just a specific part?
Is Inventhelp wise to use for an inventor with no money to get a utility patent?
A company claims they provisional patent on my idea 17 months ago, but haven't published anything that uses it
Are gene mutations patentable for diagnostics as in LQTS
Is this patented in the UK?
Has this patent been granted and how do I contact the named inventor?
Is the balancing patent for wheelchairs from DEKA righteous?
same product without foil
New use of current medication for treatment of gastric ulceration
US20140312193A1 Is this an expired PPA or a non provisional patent?
purchase or license a prior invention
Statutory Class for COTS systems
artwork missing from US9476133
Using patents for research
Who is the inventor of this patent?
I want to know what my rights are?
Can an inventive step for an electronic based product be shown in a mere block diagram?
Is the patent valid after 20 years
First publication claim patent
Best places to record ideas as prior art to avoid later patents (UK/US)
Can different combinations of preexisting arts be patented
Is patent US 5881419 A still active?
Prior art for layout managers, as used on all computers and the rendering of the very patent itself
Restrictions regarding drawings
Patent Licensing Query
Is this the original Arcam EBM patent? when does it expire?
how can this patent be valid?
Patent Violation due to same principal
Would a virtual "difference engine" (i.e. computer) be patent eligible?
PCR based diagnostic kit. Primer design
Can a method of teaching based on research be patented
Scorekeeping patent and live results
What needs to be done?
Where are the figures related to patent?
patent for an interface of functions presently not in use in any mobilepp
Identical design / Completely different purpose
Drawing not available and PDF not available
Effect of remaining term length
A final patent was granted, but in the process of a licensing deal, another claims first to file
Appropriate Level of detail to describe patents process and invention
Can someone use a sub combination of my original invention without infringing?
Does this Patent cover the hair cover itself?
How are patent processes initiated in big companies (typically)?
Do Patents cover the idea or the specific build?
New Heatsink Patent Questions
Does this patent cover up the use of a chuck to screw on to a threaded pipe
what happens if chinese person filed a patent of a machine which is already patented in USA by an other person?
Since this patent is expired, can anyone in the world freely manufacture this and sell for proffit?
Burying prior art/achieving broad presumption of validity via IDS
Forgotten Prior Art - IDS
Risks of splitting invention into multiple patents?
If I open a store, and sell multi layer golf ball as my brand, am I in trouble?
Where are the images?
Should initial patent applications be a bit broad as a negotiating point?
Elimination of Cannabis Manufacturing/Processing?
Can a company who has released a product before another be asked to remove it because of a posterior patent?
Which patent is right?
Accepted method for writing claims revisions when both rewording and reordering are needed
What is the status of Patent US 4553576A?
Error Inventor!
how to write software description for patent request
Does this patent cover Discord or Discord like websites
Should provisional application anticipate regular application(s)?
In claims, is it allowed and of proper form to define a term or phrase in the form “hereinafter referred to as ...”?
Can the wording of the Abstract be modified during the prosecution phase, if it only adds matter already in the specifications?
I Abandoned my Non-Provisional Patent Application - What Now?
Is this an old patent?
Why invent things for a company?
patent conflicts
Granting Patents
Patents and Dependent Claims
If a standard form needs some format corrections described in the OA, should the resubmitted form be re-dated or should it keep its original date?
Does US7156733B2 include data saved to databases in addition to files?
How can I be on a patent when I never signed the paper work
Charles D. Bingham is correct Inventor
Comixology patent vs. presenting comicbook panels sequentially
Low temperature curing process?
How can you patent a known process that is used in a unique way?
Reply to US Design Patent Office Action(amend to lines)
Patent marketplace
I would like to have contact information for the inventor
Provisional Patent Application (PPA) Claims Strategy
Can the examiner's use of more than 3 prior art refs in combination be successfully argued as "nonobviousness"?
How should I patent my behavioral bio-metric identification idea in the US or Europe?
Can a company apply for a patent after they release the product?
When exactly Patent No. US 7,716,161 B2 expire?
I have an exercise class I want to patent so no-one can infringe on my creation
Where can I find the forms to file an extension for my patent review?
Is claiming priority with a different inventor essentially madness?
Bulk extraction of patent information
Thermal Operating Machine
Is there a clear advantage of filing a Continuation application with new claims vs. heavy revisions of original claims?
When the examiner's rejection is based on "one of" language, does this necessarily mean the statement can only be allowed by changing to plural?
Is this patent abandoned?
What does it mean if a patent's status is expired and grant?
Will publishing parts of a provisional application jeopardize regular application based on it?
Violating the rules for filing a patent application
Do the weights of a neural network get any kind of IP protection?
Can I apply for a patent and a trademark in the same application?
Labeling Patent Applications to avoid disclosure
Purpose of drawings
Patent Application Size
How does this particular patent satisfy the tests of obviousness and novelty?
Best way of transfering money to patent offices
Is this patent limited to the usa or internationally?
Stating a specific class of computing device, such as touchscreen devices, in the first independent claim
Does the phrase “data stored in the memory or persistent storage of the device” (if used in a claim) adequately cover data storage functions?
How would I go about abandoning this patent application?
Understanding how patents work
I want to manufacture a product that is patented but no longer produced
My grandfather's patent... a screen to hold a solar panel (before they existed)
Appearance of words in Claims
Charging labor to modify another persons patented product
Finding russian document of PCT-application
What effect do the 'wherein' and 'further comprising' clauses have in this Microsoft brain-computer interface patent claim?
A US independent claim never starts with a definite article 'The'
How is the system described novel in any way? It is simply a proxy registration that has been digitzed.
What are the best post-Alice strategies for drafting claims in software patent applications?
Follow-up question about mentions of how the user interacts with a graphical user interface
Multiple references US vs EU
How common and how acceptable is the use of ordered lists and the phrase "and combinations thereof" as the last component of a Markush Group claim?
Can I broaden the scope of a claim w.r.t. prior art through the use of "other than"?
What practical requirements are there for unity of an invention with multiple independent claims?
API access to USPTO application
Why would a patent application discuss the prior art?
Patents need to be non-obvious, but this patent is clearly obvious
Filing with PCT first before any national application
USC / MPEP / Guidance Docs / Cases
Does this patent hold true for all carousel view images or card view images in an application?
Can you claim internal priority with the PCT?
Does a patent on an invention which does not work (but granted as if it does) count as invalidating prior art?
What is the expiration date of this patent?
beelinereader patent coverage
In an independent claim is there any advantage of stating all the critical antecedents up front rather than introducing them individually?
Expiry date of patent -US2014/0086986A1
At what point do conversations become prior art?
Patentless Invention
Patent searching in biotechnology
Making of the dishwasher
Can a patent be granted without "reduction to practice"?
Claims of Patent Application WO2017168412A1 are cited from previous research papers
What are the key questions that should be answered in Claims
How to Patent Artwork Plus Captioning
Is BabyDoppler.com infringing on this Patent? And can I make a small fetal doppler?
Status of Patent
Does a patent prevent users / operators from using an unlicensed device?
Interactive dialog question
Provisional Patent Confidentiality
is this patent original?
Was a patent granted?
Estoppel from international phase amendments
Has patent EP2111747A3 been granted?
expired? can this be resubmitted differently and get a new patent?
Can a data-fomat be patented and saved with a common storage format?
PCT with US RO --- how to file the IDS?
Handmade Product In UK
Using a design with pending patent (application) then patent is approved
Apparatus Terminology
Design Patent - Having all 7 drawings / figures on 1 page
Modern Design Patent Drawings without Shading? - Example
Prior art request: A system and method for controlling a service station related to a vehicle
Prior art request: crane arms
Why Cite a Patent when filing for a Design Patent? - Example
How much specific details I need to provide in utility non provisional patent application?
Everything I need to file my design patent - application examples?
Is this patent still valid and in force? 1
How would do entrepreneurs know if their idea is not infringing any patents
Software Patent or Copyright?
Can a pharmaceutical firm patent a cure I disclosed to them publicly?
How to obtain the microfiche appendix of a patent (containing the relevant source code)?
What are the best prior art databases and search tools?
Non docketing of response to examiner
Minimum requirement for a patent application to be published
Why not refer to the invention as the invention?
Status, Patent No. 4,442,710
Does a provisional patent have to be filed through USPTO?
How to get a patent or patent application permalink at the JPO website?
What is the relationship between a "patent number" and application and publication numbers?
World Trade Intellectual Property Rights
Where in the EFS process does one indicate micro-entity membership?
What questions does an examiner ask when determining if an application is non obvious?
Wording for: may include but not necessarily all elements in a list
USPTO examiner audience
When is "Entry into substantive examination phase" as provided by "INPADOC Legal Status" unavailable even though the patent has been granted?
Basic Premise Of A Utility Patent
Navy Wheel Chocks - Additional Patents?
Why is specifying the POSITA skill set not practiced?
Clarification of USPTO PPA and foreign (non-US) venues
Why is it unwise to communicate the aspect of the invention that makes it non-obvious?
Technique for stem cell isolation
A dependent claim that modifies just one aspect of the independent claim
Does the finding of an invalid claim defeat the patent application?
Is the POSITA skill level a typically a user, maintainer or design engineer?
Second use claims
CHEATING WITH LANCE AMSTRONG
Electrical engineering Software developed
English Dictionary Patentability
Phonetic Symbols Patent Category
Patenting Liquid Formulas
Office Action response on Design patent application
Patent infringement on a very simple invention?
patent renewal /re-application
Can a provisional patent be filed based on a prototype needing some refinement?
Well known over 50 years ago; How could it issue?
I wanted to create a free web application, but found a possible patent infringement
Invention based on arduino and its modules
Why this patent is abandoned?
misinterpretation of key word by examiner
Remove Diagram from filing
Do the broad claims covering entire plant kingdom justify the grant?
Is it true that a significant percentage of patents do not hold up when challenged?
Prior Art Request: Asynchronous Live Streaming from a mobile phone, US9445150
Search Patents by applicant or assignee city?
Numerical references in the detailed description of a provisional patent application?
Is searching by CPC adequate while performing a patent search?
Amendment of objectionable or rejected claims?
Can a PCT application, filed with piority, be withdrawn and refiled, and retain the original, now lapsed, priority?
Combination of dependent claims
Is Time-based One Time Password patented?
Can I patent an idea for an app?
Patent infringement issues, damages and royalty settlement
WIPO patent filing vs US patent?
Public Pair application STATUS DATE
how do you know if this patent is design or utility, as no marking is mentioned on the patent?
Am i infringing on this existing patent? i have build something based on existing patent ( improved)
Do all inventors need to fill in an aia0081 to nominate a single inventor as having power of attorney?
animal footstool storage
How to create multiple patents from core patent?
Application .dot templates for PPA and Non-Provisionals Patents
Is there a cheaper patent for low income applicants?
How to tell which idea to patent first?
If I have a patent in china, can I also apply for a US patent?
Can an improvement be made on a patent and then made in the public domain?
publish date vs priority date in pct countries for novelty purposes
Are an electronic circuit/schematics patentable there are lawsuits or literature about?
Raspberry Cultivar Patent
Can someone patent something I invented if sell it but I don't patent it
IP Patent Biotech
What Exactly Is It That Is Covered By This Resource Mechanic Patent?
Is a photograph appropriate for a PPA?
Do I need to define 'IOT sensors' when using the term in claims?
Order of Patent Inventors on a Patent Application
New data visualisation - Design or Utility patent
How do I identify prior art on US20060272266A1 Modular Structure in the form of a question?
filling US application to PCT
Are Provisional Applications ever denied filing dates?
In disclosing details of an approved (NOA) but unpublished U.S. patent, is there risk of someone adapting it for a foreign patent application?
Provisional Rights vs 'Intervening Rights'
Do Protests make Third Party Submissions redundant?
Can an idea be released into the public domain while patent is pending?
Why become a Registered eFiler?
independent component analysis (ICA) algorithms: invention or discovery?
An item that has patent, only this one kind of item exists, can I create a like item and patent?
Nonstatutory double patenting rejection and estoppel
What is the impact of submitting a terminal disclaimer on an application if the prior application is not allowed?
Edited Claims- what date priority?
Process vs Method
which patents were prior to this patent D698,996
Full Scope Non-Obviousness?
Does Chinese Patent Examination Lack Rigor?
Do terminal disclaimers (TDs) inherit estoppel/disclaimers from TD "family"?
Risks of "kitchen sink" disclosures?
Is this patent legal?
How to patent a product when using a freelancer?
EXFAT Patent. Is this prior art?
FR2553560 was lapsed for what reason?
JP60081025(A), Japanese version of FR2553560, Why was it lapsed in April 1997?
To redesign an existing invention to serve another purpose
Downloadable PDF
Question about USPTO Forms
Do PCT Third Party Observations count against TPO limits at Receiving Offices?
Do you need to file Information Disclosure Statements for US Provisional Apps?
Sufficiency of disclosure (enablement, written desc) for genus claims?
Private interest in IP for college project
What does it mean when a patent has a status of "grant"?
Do consistently disparaged embodiments lack claim support?
Why was the French patent FR2553560 lapsed two times in 1998?
Have read this patent a few times and just don't understand what the invention is?
European Patent
Is there an European (EPC) equivalent or substitute for Nolo's Patent it Yourself?
Strategies for minimizing early cost while maximizing future options with PCT application?
QUESTION ABOUT PATENT US1743543
Unpublished foreign applications considered prior art for EPO inventive step?
Can someone else claim to be the inventor after the original inventor's patent expires?
No opposition filed within time limit
How long does the US duty of disclosure last?
China has patent
Examination of applications with matter in more than one art unit/classification?
What is family-to-family citations and how is it different from patent-to-patent citations?
Once the non provisional patent is submitted to USPTO how long it takes to get the receipt number or patent pending status?
EP1429795A1 Is there an English version available? Why is no downloadable PDF version available?
Manufacturing a patented product
How to check for EP divisional filings?
PATENT EXPIRY VERIFICATION FOR APPROVED PATENTS
Patent 2336970 interactive electronically presented map
Can a patent be invalidated when the inventors later publicly doubt operability and the reliability of reported results?
Is it legally justified to disparage intentionally the preceding good patent by a wrong patent?
can foreign company file patent in USPTO without a lawyer?
Divisional, continuation or two separate applications?
What is innovation here?
What is the invention in the application?
Options for EPO post-grant challenges?
Adding useful and unobvious functionality to existing patent
Format of Continuation-In-Part Specification and Claims
Requirement to submit newly found prior art after Notice of Allowance or Issue Fee Payment?
Send prior art to the patent owner or third party it to the examiner?
Resubmitting an application
I have patent applications for the same invention in different countries. Can I choose which application to use as priority for a PCT one?
To which degree can an earlier but inoperable invention still be seen as prior art?
An idea for mobile phones screen utility option
What is the invention?
Can you file a continuation immediately after filing an application?
Patent Pending Thyco vintage plug
Non-provisional application merely incorporating by reference provisional application?
Can anyone tell where it is possible to check status and validity of an official design patent?
Overly broad claim
UK patent, early publication risk for PCT?
Transferring images over wireless networks is patentable?
Limit on number of "Office Actions"/Reasoned Communications at EPO?
How do I withdraw PCT application and refile later?
DE19817372C1 date order incorrect in Google Patents?
Why have dependent claims?
Does „at least one“ mean a four?
The allowability of amendments
Terminal disclamier
How broad are patents?
Are these software patents with the same name and inventors distinct?
when is the next maintenance due on patent #8,425,176
What's obvious when there really is no good prior art?
Validity / Invalidity of patent : How to approach from the beginning to end
US patents xsds
TM class for goods and registration
Referencing existing consumer product in provisional patent application
Does USPTO accept a sequential diagram?
Patent search results - Prior art - Obviousness
Okay to use "optionally" in a claim?
Does patent US20120072422A1 make it illegal for other companies to sell reference managing software that parses documents for placeholders?
"Abstract Idea" Profanity
How do I know if I can sell an item that is already in the market? Not sure if it has a patent or not
How can I retrieve the meta-information of all patents filed to the USPTO by a given assignee?
Can I be sued for damages for patent infringement that are more than my actual profit?
Can the developer of a free software be sued for damages because of an accidental patent infringement?
How many granted patents are required to be considered a prolific inventor?
'Background of the Invention'
to patent world wide or is one country good enough?
Does Amazon have a corporate reward policy for employee patent inventors?
Am I getting a response for Rescission of Previous Nonpublication Request?
Is there a statute of limitation on software patents?
Meaning and implications of "non-entry into the European phase"
Can you sue for software patent infringement after 6 years from the patent expiration date?
Product similiar to Abandened Patent
Why is an Ex Parte 102(g) Rejection necessary? If an invention has been reduced to practice wouldn't the patent be preclude by 102(a)?
Can someone patent an invention post-hoc
Claims wording: too narrow and subject to workaround?
What patents are IBM claiming Groupon infringed upon?
How to fill out ADS domestic benefit and foreign priority section for bypass application?
Can claims be amended after patent contents become public?
Can I patent and create an existing service with a different name, in a different state?
Where and how can I patent a web improvement or idea?
Can a common software slider input be patented if its specific function is appended in the patent request?
is the 21+3 blackjack side wager patent still active for Galaxy gaming
U.S. Patent Law: Filing a Regular Application with broader claims than the provisional - will the USPTO deny the earlier filing date?
What is the relationship between my two apparently identical patents?
Claimed Invention "As a Whole"
Step by step walk through for a United States low income patient
Can I use forward numerical referencing in Detailed Description?
Mayo 2-step test \ Broadest Reasonable Interpretation of Claims
If the 12 month window for PCT application is missed, is all opportunity lost for foreign patents?
Finding GB Designs
claims drafting
Is a US patent (US D765,756 S) covering Europe?
Get the citations of a given patent programmatically from lens.org
Giving away half of your patent
How do patent offices assure examiners are qualified to examine a patent?
I would like to know who owns us4106454a
Machine, device or apparatus?
Systems and methods claims
When would an entity decide to convert a provisional application to a non-provisional application
How to search for examples of design patent applications?
Design Around Existing
Is entity status determined per patent family?
Is "Modeling Users for Fraud Detection" too generic for a patent?
The tense in Examples in a patent application
How to I search for patents related to for videos/images/voice recorder?
Mobile application Social network module patents
Patent term for PCT claiming priority to US non-provisional
Extracting USPTO Family Id for Patents
Patent for detect relation between html elements
Why would a corporation file a continuation that consists of one large claim?
Claim value and detectability of infringement
Is there any reason not to use Powerpoint for Application Drawings?
Can an abandoned patent affect an issued one ? There's a twist
Google Docs as Collaboration Platform
After filing Regular patent applications, can I file a Provisional, which would be the basis of Continuation filings after I go public?
How to protect the intellectual property of a document layout?
USPTO Non Provisional Application and European Filing
Emailing Patent Drafts to Attorney
Meaning of Earth gravity for patents based or related to it
Who owns copyright to computer code disclosed in a patent?
Advice for Prior Art Shared via Social Media
Before the American Inventor's Protection Act of 1999, were inventors allowed to request pre-grant publication?
Is PCT application content/format should be exactly as the field national application?
Online Game Patents
Approximate Time for USPTO actions
Is it possible to sell a patent that already has been in production?
What constitutes a technical field?
What is the duration and expiry date of the patent?
METHOD FOR THE 3D RECONSTRUCTION OF A SCENE US20180063506 - Patent Application - PRIOR ART REQUEST
Can I sell a product that uses patented components?
I'm writing a provisional patent application for my app, and I have a couple of questions
How to make patent family graph?
Google Patents search information
How Could This Patent Possibly be Granted in the Face of Public Domain Prior Art?
Can I develop a product in the UK that has a US only patent?
How to write claim language for a clasp designed for a variably sized enclosure?
Set-theoretic view of dependent vs. independent claims
Pros & Cons of assignment to a corporate entity
What is a PTOL-2323?
Can a patent make you stop selling your product?
If I freely described, in words and pictures, to individual companies(not "publicly") could I patent it, if no prior art?
Old family patents
Who gets a "patent grant cover" from the USPTO?
Is it possible to get a local patent for an invention that is improved but matches some of the claims of a valid patent existing abroad?
Do scientific errors in patent description affect its validity?
How broad can / should a patent application be?
Constructing multi-part system claims
I want to know the status of this patent EP2676544A1
Can a startup circumvent royalties by creating a new patent?
Novelty requirements for dependent claims
Claims for aggregated system
Hello dear community, I am a third party seller on Amazon, and I received an infringement complaint stating my product infringes on a design patent
Can text from a provisional application be added to a PCT application after the PCT application has been filed?
How does ClickMeter operate without infringing on Omniture's patent?
Did this company patent a type of auction?
Isn't this patent following the same process as US5854056A?
What is the difference between a withdrawn claim and a cancelled claim?
Open source patents?
Unable to get this patent ( number 75086) detail
Is the trademark search feature on USPTO.gov (http://tmsearch.uspto.gov) accurate?
What happens if there is not enough support in the specification for a continuation
USA Patent Office
Can I tell about idea details before posting a patent?
multiple figures of the same device - should parts be described again?
Should a dependent claim only referrence another dependent claim if it depends on it's new subject matter?
Advisory action/utility patent
Is coding knowledge required to file a patent for an app?
Inequitable Conduct
Recordation of Patent Grant
Patent on work done in another Company
Utilizing existing already manufactured products
How to tactfully rebut a 101 rejection
Are "patent-claims" and "elements of a claim" defined in the law?
Am I an inventor if I created the prediction model the product relies on?
USPTO Customer Number
New or Different Use Patent
Can separate patents be awarded for different delivery mechanisms for the same drug?
Impact of claim scope on potential infringement
Trans-ocean shipping and patent jurisdiction
Idea for Software - Should I file Patent first
Mpeg-2 patents in Malaysia and Philippines
Is there a way to get public pair final/non-final rejection documents in textual form?
Applying for a Job without a Patent
Cited prior art/patent owner notifies me that my granted patent infringes his patent
is this patent US 9401941 only valid in US? or other countries too?
File one patent or many patents?
New use and area of application for old invention
WIPO translate-Patentscope download
How to deal with patents that others hold?
Patent software workflow (yet to have implementation)
One Invention with many different applications
Can an AI solution break a patent?
Materials for learning about patent litigation and valuation?
Outcome of referencing earlier patents in your patent application
Can I change a filed utility patent application to change the original filing fee?
Github for Patents?
Patenting/protecting the design of a mechanism within an assembly
After a non-final rejection how can I respond with a traversal?
Can a specific idea for art be protected or patented?
Checklist for registering patent
What patent attorney did james dyson use on his bagless vaccum patent?
Overcoming obviousness-type double patenting rejection referencing third-party material
Is it necessary to define the expected usage scenario for a patent?
US App Developer Patent Troll Avoidance Checklist — If a mobile app is free (donation only), does that indemnify against patent trolls?
Have patent trolls ever gone after an individual?
Does disclosure of an invention forever bar anyone (except you) from patenting it?
Can a patent be granted if the idea infringes?
Where is the line between hardware and software?
I invented and patented a support garment for pregnancy
can I patent a patented invention in other countries before in The US now
If a patent is abandoned and later revived, does that affect the priority date?
Free Patent research sites vs fee based ones
How to qualify for micro entity status
Securing EU patents from US perspective
how to judge if anyone infringes my invention?
Patent US640598A
US20180247698A1 Patent Application is Crashing on Prior art - Springer Book chapter 5 published in 2010
Patent Application Development Artifacts
Can a protocol for detection of acupuncture meridian blockage be patented?
what is the registration no for the Certification of Micro Entity Status form
How long does it take to receive a provisional patent filing receipt?
Invention Protection for a Device With Two Different Mechanisms
Can industrial processes described in patents be replicated in Not-for-profit organisations without a license?
What does "in a further preferred embodiment" refer to in a patent?
Timeline for revival of abandoned application
What is the strength of the patent, if during re-examination all the independent claims get cancelled and only dependent claims are confirmed?
What is a difference between System Claims and Method Claims?
Restrictions on PCT filing based on nationality and residence
Can I sell a product online (based out of Canada), if there is a patent on this same product in US?
Are Google patents preventing new email client products?
What is the real effect of "a combination there of"?
How to fix errors in patent application submission
Waiting for my application to be processed
Grant patent's front page item (72) inventor
Reasons to request an "Expedited Review"
Sharing and uploading full-text patents
What is a Formal Patent Search of Classification in Canadian patent law?
How to fetch patent images from google BigQuery?
Odometer original patent paperwork and drawings
What is the publication number of a patent?
No publication number?
Could i Patent something in the USA, not being USA citizen?
How should I structure the "Advantages" section of a patent application?
Legality of filing before there is an agreement?
Claim language and use of "means"
What is the purpose / benefits of a track 1 USPTO examinination?
Cross-Reference to Related Applicaitons
writing check to pay USPTO is good or not?
What do we mean by the status: Application in Amended stage
Can the same patent be extended to a new country without one of the original co-author
How precise does a patent have to be when it is describing the usage of a neural network?
Patent pending - US and EU procedure and
Patent Claim Interpretation
US App Developer Patent Troll Avoidance Checklist -- To Release In The USA or not?
US App Developer Patent Troll Avoidance Checklist — Publishing as individual vs as Company
Are patent applications publicly available?
Sign patent assignment without reading it
Can a business idea be patented (in India)?
Can talks qualify as prior art?
"Importing" into Patent-Issuing Country
Adding onto an existing Patent
where can i fetch the PDF for the reference AU2018900444A0
How to develop intuition for writing claim?
[In]Validity of Patents
Rules of thumb for sorting content into Specification vs Claim
Patentability of a specific method of web content filtering
PCT International filing
Can patent description refer to drawings
Can I sell this patented product outside the US?
Page Numbers on Existing Patents
Language in claims for individual instance of a plurality
Citing a Foreign Patent--How do include a copy?
What do the numbers next to each section in a patent mean?
Claim Interpretation 35 USC 112
infringing on a patented "tangible" algorithm?
How do introduction rules of an invention's elements apply when you have several embodiments?
Third party preissuance for a rejected application
EPO Continuation Application
Challenging a patent application
WO2011115992A3 status?
Same usecase, different method - is this infringement?
Prior art time relevance when filling continuing application
How to counter a pending application
Current status of US06/078,118
Abandoned Patent
Claim Status Identifiers
Multi dependent claims (Uses and Advantages)
Patent Claim Drafting
Prior art in French from YouTube is accepted?
USPTO patent search database no longer secure over web SSL https
Open source software was used in an invention. What should one keep in mind while patenting it?
When can an examiner dismiss two independent claims if just one is allowable?
Patent for existing product
Method Claims vs. Means Plus Function
Where I can get a copy of patent no. ZL94105912.X
How much "mere reversal of parts" can an Examiner validly claim constitutes a 103 rejection
Commercial product using GANs
Regarding partial overlap with pending patent of combination of (non-novel) methods
is there any 3(i) objection under patents act for the respective claim mentioned in body?
pre-patent liability
Is software developed in UK is patentable in US?
XML format of USPTO patent
Patent drawing with decimal label numbers
Common Pitfalls of filing NPA submission at USPTO
What are the decision points associated with filing a USPTO NPA?
What is the difference between USPTO Private and Public Pairs System?
How to interpret prior art with broad claims and narrower specification in order to invalidate another patent?
How detailed must a description in a non-patent instance of prior art be to invalidate claims?
Continuation in part to overcome concerns of undue experimentation
pdf files for USPTO application
How to handle a non-final action with only a provisional non-statutory double patenting rejection
Can I search for more than just the top 1000 results using Google's Patent Search Engine?
USPTO Services: Patent Searches & Patent Examinations
Is there an actual listing (website, paper listing) of patent applications being published under the 18 month timeline?
Method of fabrication patents, Is it okay to import from abroad?
Why does the USPTO issue a 'Reference Number' for inbound phone calls?
Information Disclosure Statement
Can a PCT application be filed on a granted USPTO patent with a priority date that is less than a year ago?
Does a continuation-in-part keep a USPTO patent family alive in the same way as a continuation?
Can a continuation be sold separately from the parent patent?
Example of a good patent in Software Development
Application rejected at examination stage - How to proceed best?
USPTO Patent Utility Submission Assistance Questions
Can a company sue for patent infringement if they aren't actively using the patent?
Petition to make special
Are conference papers, proceedings or journal articles published 6-7 years prior to his patent considered as published material invalidating patent?
Register patents for "cheap" as a private person?
Possible to make a patent with limited protection with license-like terms?
Does notarizing the document of a description invalidate any future attempt to patent it?
Can a company with a patent sue me for a product I didn't steal from them
Distinction between phrases "one or more" and "at least one" and need to include phrase "a plurality of"
PCT application: when is the last chance to file divisional applications?
Can cosmetic method that doesn't involve drugs be patented?
Can an Appendix to an insurance policy be patented as a novel invention?
Combining two possible goals or outcomes in an initial claims statement (see stated example)
What is the practical value of repeating similar claims in slightly different contexts?
Is there a time limit for filing a Petition to Accept Late Payment of US Patent Issue Fee (37 CFR 1.137(a)?
Abandoned Patents
Can you patent an DialogFlow Bot?
For patent do you have to make your discovery public?
Use of phrase "teach or disclose" in OA responses
Can I file a 'non-publication request' well after patent filing?
Does obtaining a timestamp for a description affect future attempts to patent it?
How to know if someone infringes your patent?
Can I make an App that looks like snapchat?
Priority date of US patent for filing in other countries?
Co-inventor filed same invention again as sole inventor -- Double patenting? Inequitable conduct?
Is there (no) reciprocity in protection between the US and China?
Under "first to file" law, doesn't that mean someone can patent-troll any currently existing product?
Unregistered Patent Agents
Is becoming registered eFiler associated with any fees?
Can a patentable but not fully developed method be protected?
Use of 'substantially similar' or other phrases describing elements to be similar but not identical
Way to release technology with license, without necessity to pay money
Is this patent still valid? Application deemed to be withdrawn
difference between count and claim?
Patent application: can the citation of a figure from another author be considered fair use?
Does complex process patent protect all of its compontent processes?
MPEP and Case Laws
How was the period for patent protection chosen?
Is it permissable to manufacture a replacment part that fits in a patented product?
Important things to consider when choosing a patent renewal service provider?
which documents need to be in a USPTO provisional utility patent for a software system
Combination of Dependent Claims Infringement
I decided not respond to the office action and abandon application. What to do next?
Is there a comprehensive business listing with unique identifiers?
What is the status of patent 8459282
Can one rearrange a claim when examined by the examiner?
Can you protect yourself from patent infringement if you can show evidence that you come up with the idea first?
Provisional application reapply for an abandoned provisional Application
Restriction Requirement
Why this patent has more than 20 years between priorty and adjusted expiration date?
Does an intermediate step considered as patent infringement?
Patent drawings for software
Patent document and Patent assignment database dont match
Election of species for prosecution
How can we extract the prosecution history for the reexamination?
Can one change claims when applying a national stage application using a PCT application?
Are US patents protected by copyright or can I reproduce them on my website?
How long it would take for PCT to publish the application if I request early publication?
Valuation of Patents
Can I reclaim the broken line features in Design application drawings during prosecution?
Where to find recent claims of CN204293650U
What are the renewal dates and fees for a micro-entity utility patent?
How to change the order of inventors? (The patent application is pending now.)
Will there be any downside if I show my patent claims to my infringer before publication?
Complete list of patents
Can an independent claim depends on other independent claims?
API to find international application number based on national number
How exactly patent priority date works when multiple priority dates claimed?
Can someone infringe my invention by reordering the steps?
changing patent name on non provisional patent [that is claiming date from provisional application]
Can a patent owner add more claims by requesting re-examination?
What is the best way to add co-inventor item in your CV
Is amending an independent claim in an amendment fully responsive to dependent claim rejections?
"The attached PDF file is not a PDF file. Please remove file, create PDF and reattach."
Cost of filing and maintaining a US patent?
What is the minimum number of step required in an independent claim?
Design Patent for existing Utility Patent
What happen to a "at least one of" claim when one of the item found to be invalid due to a prior art?
Can a patent drawing have numbers like 6A02, 6A04 etc?
Repeating claims in a CIP that are identical to those in the parent application or granted parent patent
Filed earlier, published later
Provisional Patent Application Cover Sheet Error
When exactly patents fall under double-patenting?
What is the enforceability of claims if a patent is entered into and under going an Ex-Parté Re-Exam?
Can i import and sell a product in my country, that is patented and also manufactured from china?
provisional patent description similar to another patent
Very Difficult Low Productivity Examiner with Questionable Approach - What Options for Applicant? UPDATE
Blog post explaining a patented algorithm
Describing your own prior art in specs for a CIP
Patent Licensing Database?
Is multiple figures allowed in the same sheet?
Risks in mentioning unpatented inventions in a college application
Can someone patent their product with a solution I designed?
Which is the best place to search for a filed/issued patent?
What is the proper way to file both USPTO and PCT application?
Filing to expand on already filed utility patent, how do I go about this?
What are the patents that UCSB have on LED filaments?
does the Legal terminology "digital photograph" refer to the Legal terminology "video"?
US expired but active WIPO application enforceable in US?
Patent attorney costs
I created an object that I never patented but someone else did I don't know
What is the proper way to cover alternative methods in claims?
Can an improvised device made of used packaging be patented?
Asserting prior art to invalidate patent
Is this patent US only?
Is there any consequences if I don't amend claims properly before the PCT deadline?
Should I file a design patent on a different embodiment of a utility patent?
Should I use "and" or "or" for "at least one of" structure when only two items involved?
What can we do if a manufacturer in China copy our US patented product and sell them directly to US end user through E commerce
Can an inventive step included in the "wherein" clause?
How to protect my idea/prototype at little or no cost?
Can one claim priority from a PCT application after filing non-provisional?
Nested Claim Construction (US patent practice)
Is my patent expiring because of no payment?
Is this a common practice to amend a claim by striking through every word in the original claim?
Revision of an application after submission, when responding to a deadline to maintain family continuity
Can a claim "wherein" clause contain past tense?
How to separate method from machine in a claim?
How to delimit the last element in a list of means?
Any startup service that streamlines the patent process?
Way to Claim a theoretical model of how a device works for under $200
Is it necessary for a national application to claim priority to the PCT application to get the provisional protection?
Can claim preamble contain terms not present in specification?
How fees are calculated for new claims that replace cancelled claims?
Non-Elected, Rejected and Objected claims, and reviving the abandoned patent
Is a claim containing two alternatives valid?
can a math formula or math algorithm be patented?
Is a Markush Group claim less strong than its components written as separate dependent claims?
Docketed New Case - Ready for Examination 3 time
