My cat thinks my cursor arrow is a toy but my expensive LED monitor disagrees!
Dogs Constant Licking.
What is my risk of getting Toxoplasmosis from my neighbors cat?
Rabbit Eating Dog Food
In giving my cat a "space" (bed) on my desk, should I strictly enforce that she stay there only?
Is it safe to feed my cat freshly caught raw fish with bones?
My 6 month old puppy is resistant to house training, how can I correct the situation?
How can I provide supplements to an Ocelot gecko who won't eat dusted crickets?
Can I use an aversive to keep my cat from licking my plate?
What's better than a spray bottle for negative reinforcement of a cat?
my platy is pregnant, when will she give birth?
Cat becomes cross-eyed only after rigorous exercise/play. Why?
Why aren't my newts eagerly eating anymore?
Dog is crying and barking every morning since we moved in a new house
I don't understand crate training. What am I missing?
My cat bit me, should I abandon her?
How much space do cats need when living indoors?
What are the warning signs that my cat is about to bite?
Safety for Cats: fly-screen?
Does distilled water need to be purified?
How can I train my 5 month old cat to not jump onto table and counters?
How does being cross-eyed affect a cat's night-vision?
How can I determine the temperature when my dog needs to wear a coat?
How can I tell if my horses need additional protection from the cold?
Why does my cat fart a lot?
Should I get a puppy that's been separated from its mother?
How do kittens prevent my cats from going into heat?
How to comfort and older dog with vestibular disease
My affenpinscher has severe leash anxiety
Do spayed cats still spray?
Mixing African cichlids with goldfish
Can a cat be trained to use a leash?
Rat breathing noisily
Is there a way to test the amount of dissolved oxygen in a tank?
(Normally very) sweet labrador becomes aggressive around other dogs
How can I train my cats to only eat from their own bowls?
There is something wrong with my dog's stomach
What is a cats color vision?
Fence aggression - guard dog or poorly trained dog?
is my fish going to die?
How long (distance) should I exercise my Husky puppy?
My bitch keeps dragging objects into her whelping box
Did my catfish kill my betta
How to transition dog back to being free when alone?
Why do the eyes fall out of my fish when they die?
Dog coughs all day and all night because of eating dirt
How can I train my kitten to use the self cleaning litterbox?
Can a hamster be litter box trained?
Leopard gecko is wounded, can't move its back legs
Why does my dog push his food out of his bowl?
How to make dog listen around wild animals
Underwater dry zone for planted aquarium
Regarding bitten from about a 2 month old puppy and risk of rabies
Why is my hamster awake all night?
Can i feed my hermanns tortoise less often?
What is the best cold-water fish to control a baby guppy population?
How can I get a guppy out from beneath an under gravel filter?
Kitten is regressing with use of litter box?
Is plywood bad for any small caged pets?
Are there alternatives to electric fences that use GPS instead of buried cables?
Aquarium Salt for a freshwater planted aquarium
Protection of neighbours from dangerous dogs
Is superglue safe for gluing nail caps onto cat claws?
Why is my dog suddenly scared of the water dish?
Can my rabbit get fleas from a cat or dog?
Will I ever be able to hold my rabbit?
Are there any products that can help my dog's hair growth?
Can naxcel and metronidazole be administered simultaneously?
How do I give my cat oral (liquid) medicine?
Why does my dog constantly try to lick my butt when i get home?
How can I free a snake from duct tape?
How I can recognize a queen ant?
Can I use expired subcutaneous fluids (lactated ringers) on my cat?
How can I positively identify a dog which was stolen from me 1.5 years ago?
Exercising a Rottweiler
non-lethal weapons to scare stray dogs?
Are complaints of Hartz product being dangerous a cause for concern?
Can a grizzly bear be kept as a pet?
My snake's stomache burst two days after eating a pinky
Will our cat try and hurt the new kittens he is related to?
Should I modify a "cone of shame" to allow my dog to use chew toys, and how?
Puppy will not use dog door at night
What should I do about two stray dogs I see in my neighbourhood?
How to deal with a big change in a dogs environment?
My bearded dragon waves at me, should I wave back?
Is it okay to swear at my pet, as long as I do it nicely?
Our cats eyes keep watering but she seems fine, should we be worried?
How much water is in wet food?
Mouth problem and bloody patches
What to do when my pet rat passes away?
My dog is bleeding day and night
How can I find an emergency vet?
My cat is keeping me awake at night
Why does my rabbit try and make my bed wrinkle free?
How can I prevent my cat from killing animals and birds?
What is the rough oxygen consumption of a common garden skink?
How long should you keep an adopted rescue cat indoors?
How can I stop my neighbor's dog from jumping the fence?
Does my fish have swim bladder disease?
How do I prepare store-bought plants for use in a terrarium?
Can a Savannah monitor see red light?
Considering euthanasia for my aging dog
Why does my dog open her mouth when I carry her?
How can I clean my Shih Tzu's teeth if we're fearful of anesthesia?
Why are my goldfish acting this way, and how can I remedy it?
Have there been cases of cat owners in high rise apartments being legally required to install screen (safety nets) on windows?
Why does my cat have an upset stomach?
Can I plant lucky bamboo in an aquarium with fish?
Is it normal for my dog to be sick after worming?
My puppy fell and hit himself, and now he vomited. Is he ok?
How can I calm a dog down when I can't take him outside?
Should I be concerned that my cat is breathing fast?
What is canine flu?
Why does my cat lick the fur off her lower belly?
How much activity is too much for my older dog?
Aquarium size and startup recommendations for two guppies
How can I tell my puppy is done growing?
Why would a pet run away?
How to react to dog on dog violence?
How long should Coccidia be present after treatment?
Dressing my dog causes her to attack my other dog
How do I get my cats to stop being territorial towards my rabbit?
19-year-old cat wails quite loudly
How do I stop 2 stray cats that fight
My cat has seen a dog and started to attack me
Why is my cat losing her hair and not wanting to use the litter boxes?
How can I keep neighborhood dogs from barking?
How can a cat go to the bathroom if he can't lift his tail?
My cat is 13 years old and likes to sit and doze off sitting in the litter
My ishigame looked like he was about to vomit?
How to handle a cat's "bathroom" needs when confined to a travel crate?
Is a low sodium diet okay for healthy cats?
Does purring affect my cat's breathing rate?
Why is my dog very protective with his treats?
I inadvertently left my cat home with out food and water for 4 days. Is she hurt? She seems fine
Is a bedroom enough space for a bunny to be happy?
How can my pomeranian tolerate being alone for roughly 12 days?
Any Idea What This Bump Is?
Will owls attack small dogs?
How can I regain the love of my shelter dog?
What is this clear sticky mucus coming from my leopard gecko's vent?
my dog is over weight
How can I catch an outside cat in order to give it medical treatment?
Show and tell for unlearned rabbits
Dealing with feather discoloration
Dog hates to stay home alone
Can a baby bird's feathers be dyed?
My cat has not been eating much how worried should I be?
Laser pointer: does a no-win situation risk psychological harm to cats?
Asserting more discipline in training
A stray dog has fleas. Any way to help remove them?
What is this funny/strange black thing on the nail of my guinea pig?
A Kitty fell down to a hole in alley, Please help me with your ideas to get him out!
Why is my dog peeing in the house when I am home?
Economics of single-parenting a dog (i.e. daycare options)
What temperature should I keep my home at for my cat's comfort?
Is it possible to train dogs to detect Hypoglycemia?
My cat hates his collar. How to handle it
How accurate does the 30 day span when applying revolution flea treatment need to be?
Bearded dragon thinks I'm food
Why is my aquarium pH plummeting despite frequent water changes?
What height of ex-pen for grass training a puppy?
Training a dog to "sit pretty"
Why would my cat seem to prefer 'liquid' food?
What to do with my shy Sheltie?
How can I get my dog to take liquid vitamins from a dropper?
Are blank pet passports available outside of the EU?
Cat meows when being pet
Keep dog isolated until fully vaccinated
Why do animals try to stay awake when they need sleep?
Why are my pair of budgies fighting?
What should I do about my betta fish sinking?
What qualities are essential for a Search And Rescue dog?
I want to help my dog feel better
Where to find/buy a good puppy?
Foster dog suddenly violent
My dog licks up his own urine
How to carry or transport a pet parrot in Indian Railway
Are split antlers as good as whole antlers for chewing?
Determining if a Female Cat Was Spayed
Does L-Lysine supplementation help cats with feline herpes?
Can chewing gum hurt a saltwater aquarium?
Why do dogs and cats eyes reflect light? Does bright light affect their vision?
Is it important to keep a strict feeding schedule for dogs?
Is it safe to take a small (such as a robo or chinese) hamster in airplane, or can they "explode"?
Dog obedience scent discrimination
My dog bites me when I hold her collar
how can I tell if my silver shark is pregnant
How can I switch my 1 1/2 year yorkie from toileting on a pad to going outside?
Do cats sleep with their eyes open?
Can I raise baby cottontail rabbits
Red flesh coming out my turtle's tail
How can I keep my goldfish tank clean?
Why do cats lick my toes?
Dog Food Eating Issues
How can I get my unsocialized cat into the carrier to be spayed?
Sit and down at a distance, should I ask someone to be my "assistant"?
My Betta is laying on the bottom
How do I stop my 2 year old Siamese from soiling my bed and my nan's bed (on occasion, the dog's bed)?
Should we crate our puppy during their first car ride?
Are stray cats dangerous to newborn kittens?
My dog brings the ball back to other people
Why is my bunny breathing fast? (About 120 Breaths per Minute)
How do I remove mat from my long haired cats fur?
How dangerous is the current situation for my turtles?
Would an alligator decoy work to deter herons in a state where alligators don't live?
What color toy should I get for my dog?
Which is the better hiding place for a Kenyan Sand Boa?
Can I leave a water dish in a Kenyan Sand Boa's tank?
How do I get my baby blue tongue skinks to get used to being held?
Is my red eared slider eggbound?
I got scratched by a feral cat. Should I see a doctor?
Leopard gecko sick with shed on arms and very thin
My dog refuses to go up the stairs
How can I prevent my dog from fighting other dog's on the street?
Dog running to its leash during agility trials
How can I remove multiple ticks from a dog quickly?
Will there be a behavioral change after chemical castration of a male dog?
Does a dog's happiness or health affect their scratch reflex?
My dog had adenocarcinoma. Should he be given heartworm prevention medicine?
How do I choose an Omega-3 supplement for an elderly dog?
My turtle Cracked his chest
Getting a puppy to toilet outside?
Why has my first dog started stealing my second dog's food?
How do I apply ear medicine to my dog's ears?
Are fatty cheeks on a cat indicative of a communicable disease?
Cat may have consumed some garlic - will he be alright?
Does variety in treats help training?
Raising a Magpie
Affectionate Pawing & Meowing
My dog doesn't seem to recognize me, backing away like she's scared. Is something wrong with her?
What are the considerations for metacam vs aspirin for a rabbit in longterm therapy
Is cleaning a dog's floppy ears necessary?
How can I get my older kitty to stay still while I groom her?
Is there a solution to improve the quality of life for my basset hound?
What is the difference between salmon/fish oil for a cat and a human?
How paranoid do I have to be between petting a stray cat and playing with my own?
Will an older clown fish in a small talk be ok with introducing a new one?
How long does it take for furosemide/lasix to be effective in a cat?
Betta companions?
How to do an 8-hour road trip with a husky puppy
Channel Catfish vs "Bala Catfish" ... how can I identify which was sold to me?
How can I train my dog to sleep quietly in a crate when he misses his dog friend?
How can I classically condition my two cats to not scratch on my bedroom door at night?
How can I make my kitten eat kibbles without fear of starving him?
How can I teach my parrot to say "Help! I've been turned on into a Parrot!"
How can I train cats to have consistent behaviors with minimal reinforcement?
My male platy is clamping, is he sick?
How to interact with a cat that has fleas?
How do I train my cat to stop baring his teeth at me?
How do I choose a good brand of cat food?
How do you put one cat on a diet when you have two cats and only one needs to lose weight?
Rabbit integration tips & tricks?
High nitrate level in tap water
How can I stop my Alaskan Malemute's scrape behaviour after peeing?
Is it okay to let dogs play in a backyard with a pool unsupervised?
Do recently neutered male dogs have a tendency to gain weight?
Cat throwing litter out of box!
How to groom a double coated dog?
Strange worm in fish tank
Cat has started drooling while sleeping...sick?
Is a one-eyed cat a less effective hunter?
My dog isn't peeing or pooping and is walking funny.. What is this?
How to humanely discourage a dog from barking?
How to release a rescued European Rabbit back into the wild?
Do I need to fence of my balcony to prevent my rabbit from falling down?
Can I put chemicals in before the filter?
How can I help my dog become comfortable with underwear?
Is it ok to feed a puppy just once a day?
Betta won't get off the bottom of the tank
Suggestions for activities for dog recovering from dental surgery
What are good fillings for a Kong?
Is a life jacket for long haired dogs a requirement?
What are these odd bumps on my Dachshund's cheeks?
Why does my dog keeps pooping in the flat when he knows, perfectly, that it is not right?
How to get rid of fish oil stink on a dog?
Why does my cat sometimes run at me sideways?
How do I care for a pregnant platy?
How can I train my cat to resume outside toileting?
Can I accidentally brush my cat too much?
Will my turtle eat the goldfish in my pond?
Is it rare for a cat to play fetch?
Can I get my dog to start using his pet stairs?
Obtaining a new cat, that separates the cat from other cats it has lifted with
Nervous about my male cats neutering procedure
How can I train my cat to stay in the yard when outside?
How can I train my dog to be calm when greeting friends?
How should I acclimate a puppy to the playing of a musical instrument
Can I help my kitten regrow fur after being affected with ear mites?
My Cat Is Rejecting Food
My fiance won't let me get a cat
Other than fire what concerns are there from sweating hay?
Can cats survive in the wilderness?
How to train a dog that's not food driven?
Neutered male cat still trying to mate?
Repetitive Paw Licking
Which type of hamster besides syrians are the least bitey?
My turtle is pregnant what do I do?
Is it safe to chill or freeze rawhide?
Snake died, unsure of the cause
After how many days should I worry when my dog will not eat a new diet?
As a cat person, how to coexist with a "misbehaving" dog?
Why is my dog scared of my kittens?
What is the best way to treat feline ringworm?
What's happening to my zebra finches?
Cat Ditches Own Bowl and Goes to Other Cat's
How can I train my 12 week old puppy to pee less frequently?
Cat suddenly peeing inside, usually goes outside somewhere, and is skitterish around us
My pillbugs are having trouble moulting
How do I remove mats on my cat's back that return after shaving?
How to prevent hardening of fish food?
How can I make my barfy dog feel better? (Gross detail warning)
How to stop early morning barking
How do I give a cat *with a cone* liquid medication, by myself?
How do I know when my puppy is ready to be loose in the house?
Does too much light cause stress for fish in fresh water aquarium?
How do I train my dog to pee outside and stop chewing cords?
Why does my pregnant cat chew boxes and is it harmful for the kittens?
How can I help my dog pass corn through her system?
Dog may have eaten staples
How do I train my boxer to not destroy the house
How can I stop my dog from peeing on our neighbor's door?
What does it mean when a dog tries to cover its food?
Why does my puppy go berserk when playing with plastic mugs?
Giving a dog a bigger capsule -or can I break open and mix a mulitvitamin with food
How to prevent fear of fireworks in dogs?
Considering fostering a Cat with a highly reactive dog, do you think he would learn to calm down and would it be fine?
Language problem: what is tetra?
Diagnose Mange in Pitbull Terrier Rescue Dog - Bald Spots and White "pimple"
Is Royal Canin Feline Urinary SO 33 the same as Urinary SO?
What's the difference between chocolate and seal colorpoints (Siamese)?
Why do cats love to tear apart cardboards?
Why do dogs rub themselves in other dogs' feces?
Why is my cat growling at the laser dot?
Does this koi carp injury need attention, and how would I treat it?
GPS tracker for pet location history?
Dog has gray with blood vessels in eye
Can dogs get sleep apnea?
How urgent is it to replace a leaking fish tank?
One of my dogs keeps pulling off and destroying my other dogs collar. Why does he do this?
List of important habits to teach a young kitten?
All my fish died
How can I stop my cat over grooming & pulling hair?
Is it possible to put a hot water (boiled using the gas stove) in a fish tank?
Why budgerigar couple fights each other?
Female dog, spontaneous clear discharge
My parrot has a milky-type appearance in only one eye, and he can't see out of it
How to introduce ferret to other pets?
Aquarium overflow vs bottom of tank intake
Why did my established pond suddenly have a mass death event?
8 year old boxer pees in his crate every time I leave
Can I use any bulb in lighting my aquarium?
Why might Chameleons die soon after being brought home?
What can I do about my Pugs itchy red ears?
How can I stop my cat from jumping on top of my car?
Why does my cat reject half her food? Is it stale? How can I fix this?
Reptiles or other critters for insect control in a greenhouse?
My baby mice is getting out of her wired cage what shall I do?
Gaining the trust of an injured dog
Why is my dog only aggressive and trying to bite when we are at home?
My gecko lost a toe - should I help it shed
How to calm an energetic dog
What should I look for in a nutritious dog food?
How can I cure food agression in my dog when preliminary techniques have failed?
Is letting my mostly blind dog sniff everything I'm holding teasing her?
Can a stray dog be healthy on a diet of only milk?
Cat comes back after 4 days, meows loud, and wants to go back outside again
Warm weather walkies and water
What is the real chance my 8-week puppy gets parvo?
Play fighting or real fighting?
Does leaving wet pet food at room temperature for 12+ hours pose a risk for your cat?
Why does my dog poop on 'higher ground'?
Cat pulls his claws off while being transported
How can I get my dog to accept a harness without treats?
Do you walk cats, or should you?
How do I get rid of bleach smell in my turtle aquarium?
Cat Meeting New Cat
Medically, what does it mean when a dog smacks her lips repeatedly?
My son's dog Lenny is afraid of me
How worried should I be about my dog having her second wart in a year or so?
Can I adopt a pug into a household with two German shepherds?
The social aspect of having only one dog
Why does my 1 1/2 year old cat bite at her paws and run around frantically sometimes during the day
What is wrong with my border collie?
Rabbits and cats
My one year old female jack russel keeps following and jumping all overnew staff pup
My older cat is very aggressive towards my 6 week old kitten
Meowing when pooping
Placating isolated kitten
I'd like to adopt a cat, but I have allergies
Is okay for my dog to not eat or excrete waste while receiving Buprenex for pain relief?
Why is my chameleon's mouth staying open on one side?
How is owning a deaf cat different from a cat who can hear?
Why do dogs eat wood and how to fix that?
Mouse is acting strangely, what should I do?
Betta fish fighting
Should I get a bigger cage for my Lovebird?
Why does my cat's meow have no sound?
Is it safe to use topical products containing tea tree oil on my cat?
Why are my cats fighting with each other?
Im getting frustrated [older dog breaking housetraining]
I have to hand feed my dog
Leaving two siblings kittens alone for 2 nights
Why are dog belly buttons so different from our own?
Are the cats' tail movements voluntary or not?
How can I feed a Betta fish and Neon Tetras that are living in the same tank?
How can I decipher how aggressive my Betta is?
Should I get a larger cage for my two dwarf hamsters? How large?
Bunny-sitting at home exclusively or not?
How can I reduce and control bird dander?
How can I help my betta who is laying on the bottom of his tank?
Alligator as a pet
My (previously pad trained) dog pees and poops in the house when I am at work
What type of dogs can be trained to be an emotional support dog?
Why is my dog's fur growing back so unevenly after shaving?
Why does my dog get excited and go crazy when I touch the leash?
Teaching cat to use feeding 'toy'
Can WiFi be harmful for my budgerigar family?
How can I get my cat to stop chewing the whiskers off his sibling?
How to teach a parrot NOT to do certain things?
Is there a way to momentarily raise a neutered cat's testoterone level so he can experience mating?
My cat's food is filled with ants: should I throw it away or is there a method to remove them?
Why do some dogs try to hump all the dogs at the dog park?
Is it normal for a dog's coat to change color?
Did my recently-adopted adult dog suddenly decide it's his duty to guard the house?
How well do dogs remember their early lives?
Why do cats act like their food bowl is empty when there is still food left?
How can I help my 6 week old puppy sleep through the night?
Cage for Parakeets
Why dog dips bottom in water
Cat oscillating claws at me whilst being stroked
Cat is not eating, Fluid build up in abdomen, Ultrasound reveals mass in small intestine
Surgeon says white plaques found everywhere in abdomen, what is it?
How is FIP fatal? Why can't we just address the symptoms?
Should pump from sump run continuously
Any internal medicine to get rid of maggots in dogs?
Should aquarium overflow maintain a certain level of water
Selecting & Installing "Invisible Fence" Systems
Horrible Dog that I Love
How do I stop my cat from destroying everything?
Why does my cat bite my face while being affectionate?
Feeding fish in tank with overflow
Isn't retaliation, if done right, an effective way of communicating with many mammal pets?
Is it possible to train a dog to use a litterbox?
Maine Coon attacks my face when I'm sleeping
Tiger riding, possible or not
Leopard geckos and quarantine
Need help with behaviour of new cat
How can I stop my cats from urinating in the pet carrier?
Pet rats companion died and was canibalized, is now alone
Old&New urine smell &Stains
Is it acceptable to tie a dog to a leash as a timeout to prevent biting?
Why is our rabbit's second litter dying one by one?
Can we feed our cat with the mix of home-cooked and specialized food?
Can I put a red tailed shark and 2 three-spot gourami in a 55 gallon tank?
8 month old puppy chewing when left alone
How do i handle a young aggressive cat?
Is a bearded dragon measured from nose tip to end of tail tip or nose tip to begining of tail
Is it healthy for dogs to wear clothes like humans can?
Why does my cat 'gently' attack my legs when im walking?
How can I get my cat to carry the toy all the way when playing fetch?
Switching from set times for feeding to free feeding of a cat
my juvenile bearded dragon still dull and greyish after shedding tail
What can I do to stop my dogs play fighting so one doesn't get hurt?
Why is my female Red eared slider swimming frantically, being mean, tearing plastic plants, not basking, trying to climb tank walls?
Do animals actually fear veterinarians?
What does it mean when a rabbit has clear mucus like poop?
How does clicker training stick when a cat or a dog knows there's no treat?
How much space do turtles need?
Why would my male cat's nipple fall off?
Why does my cats' tail get really fluffy during playtime?
I have a box turtle that has a very long beak, how can I shave it down without having to take him to the Vets office?
What can I do to stop my female cat from ripping my plant's foilage?
What anaconda species/variants/whatever (if any) would be plausible to keep as pets in Belgium?
Platy fish pregnant
Why does my female cat stomach area hang so low?
Can sunlight cause my dog's fur to lighten
Immaculately clean litter box versus leaving a tiny amount: any rigid science?
2 male pups from different litters
Cat pooping outside of litterbox, but not always
What does my cockatiel's 'toot' sound mean?
How can I find a dog that looks like a wolf?
My pets are always indoors, do they still need treatment for fleas and ticks?
Why do cats' have whiskers?
What can I do about my cat pulling down rolls of toilet paper from our bathrooms?
Can dogs have cat allergy?
How can I tell if a cow is being aggressive?
Any suggestions on keeping my cat out of my bedroom, rather than closing my bedroom door?
Is this indeed playful behaviour for a dog?
Why does my cat hide from my friends/company?
Moving from an apartment to a house
Is my tank overstocked?
Cat is hitting object when trying to jump on it
Dog vs. Coffee Grinder (how to control barking)
Mental Stimulation toy for big dog that chews
How to remove the red algaes in reef tank
My flatmate's boston terrier is afraid of me
Do Achatinas appreciate communication with human?
Can dogs eat vegetables only?
What does it mean if a dog pulls out another dogs hair
I think my slider turtle is sick
What is the safest way of protecting the plants in my turtles tank?
Suddenly pooping on the bed
Orange tabby has black around his eyelids
How can I teach my puppy to not bark when we leave the room?
Why did my Betta fish go from dark blue to light red?
Older cat doesn't come home since new cat is here
How to stop overnight toileting
Hamster don't bathe for 2 months
Why did all 45 goldfish (and 2 mosquitos) in my 1600 gallon pond suddenly/overnight begin a 4-day die-off?
How long should it take my pet to empty their bladder?
My dog will not eat unless handfed, one at a time
What effect do loud drums have on cats' hearing?
Feeding live insects from outside to reptiles?
Pet Door For Multiple Animals
How can I stop my cat from clawing at my door?
What makes lilies toxic to cats?
How can i stop my dog being aggressive with people passing by
Our Tomcat bullies other cats in the street
Cockatiels bowing heads to eachother
Are eggs (raw or cooked) and bananas acceptable as treats/emergency meals for dogs?
What can I do about my neighbor's dog?
Black goldfish with its fin clamped down
My adult cat kneads and sucks on my blanket like a kitten. Why?
Hamster - Skin Infection
Do old dogs run away to die?
Rabbit's nose lost from unknown cause
Removing Chemicals from plastic aquarium
Water conditioner for snake
I know it's play...but my female is taking a beating!
Keeping tools clean with clumping cat litter
Can bonded rabbits die of loneliness?
Is my kitten too lonely at home?
Why do some outdoor cats have more frequent litters than other outdoor cats?
Can cats sleep at night?
How to get glass catfish to eat?
How soon after giving birth can a cat be spayed?
Rehomed dog potty training habits keep regressing
Do pet birds need to bath in water?
Feed goldfish off-schedule or skip a day?
Cat sisters that don't get along
8 mo/2.5 lb Yorkie SCREAMS when scolded
Do cats play wheels like hamsters?
Is it safe to wear a Thunder Shirt for an extended period of time?
Why do dogs hold specific objects in their mouth?
Are store bought biscuits harmful for dogs?
Are cashew nuts harmful to cats
Idle mackerel tabby terminology question
What causes a Norman's lampeye to lose the ability to move it's tail fin?
How can I train my dog to stop snorting at me?
How can I get my cat to not be afraid of me?
Introducing male rabbit to girl rabbit
What qualifies as animal abuse in the Netherlands?
Kitten traumatized? (STATUS UPDATE)
How can I move houses with a friendly feral cat I care for?
Breeding age range for terrestrial geckos
Moving cat to new house, but keeping her outdoors
Is there an app to say if a pet's chipped?
How to get my dog to follow me outside?
What can I do for an older dog (13 years) who starts barking early in the morning /
What should I look for in a dog if my family is allergic?
How can I reduce litter/waste odor?
My dog is petrified outside his home environment
Why won't my male leopard gecko show interest in my female leopard gecko?
Can cats or dogs distinguish twins?
Can I teach the concept of "calm zone"?
How to help cats forget the vet visit?
Is a dog's understanding of a person's tone instinctual or learned?
What is this white ball growing on my liferock?
Is it harmful for my cat to be near/on my electronics?
Is Indian Flapshell Poisonous
Does a change in pecking order imply illness?
How can I prevent my cat from developing pressure sores on his legs?
Adopting Stray Dogs
What is the red platet floating around my tank
Yorkshire encephalitis medications and Turmeric
Prevent Husky from digging up prior dog's burial site
my dogs eats sandals and plastics
How to care for Indian Flapshell Turtle
I work 8 hours per day at the office. Is it possible to have a dog if I live in a studio?
How to prevent play-fighting from escalating?
spirocerca lupi in dog
What is the appeal of the bath tub to a cat?
How do I prevent fungal growth in my betta tank?
Need advice on handling a recently recovered sick betta
Getting to know a dog who has had little human contact: what does all this mean?
Cat is stressed out from new cat both female
How safe is a small herb garden around a cat?
Bunny suddenly kicking litter and stinking
Recently adopted Schipperke mix, question regarding its ACL/CCL surgery
My gray cat won't let me pet her unless I'm talking to her she will also let me pet her kittens why
Any advice on coonhound pet ownership?
How long to wait before I remove the old filter
My 7-month-old puppy is peeing in the home constantly
Breeds of dogs for therapy
Persistent lump on dog's paw after jumping ant bite
What is the safest position for a pet carrier in a car?
How dangerous is for a female cat to never be spayed?
Keeping kittens
Records of rabies diagnosis in cats?
Changing Beta from one tank to another
Do old cats chase moving objects?
I am missing a small White Cloud in my newly set 20 gal tank
Dog bites at people's feet when they get close
How do I get my dog to sleep longer?
Male cats or dogs resist men and female one resist women, is that true?
Why does my dad's dog really like me when others are there but seems afraid if we're alone?
I want to adopt cat(s) but my family has a relatively busy life. Should I? How?
Dog no longer trusts us or other dogs after bad foster home and vet experiences
Cats and throat-hold -- accept or discourage?
Do cats or dogs know we are unhappy or sad?
Stray Cats Showing Dominance Outside My House
Minimize litter box smell: upstairs or downstairs?
Minimum age of kittens for rabies vaccination
Cat keeps throwing up
Question about getting a mother's milk from another species
My Kitten Bit Me
My dog barks at other dogs and people when he is walked around my condo and also at the dog park
My Shih Tzu is having seizures, according to the vet... but is she really?
How can I be certain my dog's fleas are gone?
Possible reasons goldfish hanging out near surface
Cat scratching her ear, can I help?
Could letting a cat take a very short spin in the clothes dryer be a good way to prevent later incident?
My dog growls at me, and he doesn't pay attention to me anymore
Dog house training in apartment after 2nd vaccination
What is this parasite?
Why my cat is doing acts of sabotage?
Why do some cats recoil at the smell of banana?
My kitten has a pot belly appearance, is it normal?
3 year old Minpin struggling to become fully potty trained
Cat extremely finicky. At the end of my rope!
Skin Lesions On Dog - Could This Be Mange?
Miniature Schnauzer Thicker hair grow after skin problems
Chihuahua cries near door while trying to sleep
What is in cat treats that make them so attractive?
Why does our dog lay by our son's crib?
How to make my own BARF food (for a cat)
Maine coon kitten biting
What factors are most important to adopters of rescue dogs?
Cat is afraid of another cat
Older female cat and male kitten, playful => bad reaction
Determine the sex of indian flapshell turtle
Is kitten-rabbit "mating" behavior something to worry about?
Nicotine based treatments for animals?
Are 2 powerheads too strong?
How to train a dog not to jump on the bed
What is a good beginner species?
Would it be bad to get my pet rats from Petsmart?
dog attacks other dog when ever I come home
How to "re-tame" my captive shingleback
How can I persuade our Maine Coon to be less messy with food?
Do cucumbers spook cats? If so, why?
Please help me my sirian hamster won't stop chewing the bars
How to keep a teething puppy from biting me and other people?
Diagnosing a skin condition in a kitten with no qualified vets around
Identify algae in aquarium
Why do my goldfish keep dying?
My rabbit will not eat his hay! How can I motivate, or even begin adding hay into his diet?
Harness is matting dogs fur
How to/Should I stop my 3-month old puppy from humping?
Tail Rot affecting other limbs?
How good is a cockatiel's sense of smell?
What can I do if my cat is stuck in the washing machine?
Cats are still skittish; have obsessive eating disorder
How to stop a 12 week old kitten nursing . Hurting mom
Is the betta fish dying of old age?
Is my home temp endangering hermit crabs
Integrating a small kitten with an older cat
Please Help me find a solution for my 6 months dog!
Dogs peeing inside my house
Dog isn't as playful as he has been for the past 5 months
Do cats need clothes?
Is my cat's behaviour normal?
bought a siamese kitten who was using her litter boxes,but when i changed my bedding she started peeing and pooping on my bed
What happens when a gold fish pond freezes?
Recommendations on Introducing Adopted Rabbit to my other pets
Resolving Jack Russel dog problems
Rabbit scratching and rubbing her teeth on her litter box?
When do i know if it is time to put my dog down?
Cat has lump between his shoulder blades
Is it ok to move dog crate from room to room?
Why should I replace my filter media?
Can my bunny and cat share a carrier but not at the same time?
Newly adopted Black & Tan Coonhound lunging at 2 young children
Do people prefer to adopt kittens and puppies, over adult cats or dogs?
Moving has caused my cat's night-life to eat away at my actual life
Should I always take everyone to the vet?
My White Persian Is Peeing Everywhere
Can cats distinguish whether the meow sounds come from real cats or speakers?
Better solution for holding appliances inside the aquarium?
Do dogs seek revenge on their owners?
What does budgie chirping means?
How to stop 9 month old staffy from scratching at door?
Does putting some bandages on a dog really help with noise fear?
How to play with a dachshund that cannot chew toys?
Cardboard box for a cockatiel
"Uromastyx" plural = "Uromastyces"?
Fish eating dead fish with columnaris
My cat keeps chewing at my Christmas Cactus plant.
Newly adopted cat won't eat
How far will my cat wander?
Is it normal that my cat licks my clothes?
Overflows on an established saltwater aquarium
Why would my royal/ball python strike but not eat?
Why does my cat paw at the TV when it is off?
Why does my cat chatter at me when he's being bad and I yell at him?
Behavior issues after one of three dogs dies
Identifying non-physical neglect in dogs by observation
Does an adult dog need regular walks if it has a large yard to run in?
What's the best way to get a dog and a cat accustomed to living together?
How are homing pigeons trained?
My dog has adenocarcinoma. Is a heating pad not good?
What causes rabbits to spontaneously change gender?
How do I teach my kitten to clean feces from itself?
Luxating patella in Chihuahua?
My dog keeps pulling out the others eyebrows
Dealing with aggressive dogs in a professional environment
Cat,dog and human, which is most attractive for mosquito?
Is it possible to stop two male cats from fighting?
Is it healthy to permanently rely on wet food products for adult cats?
Not holding gerbils really stressing me out
3 Gallon Saltwater Aquarium
Dog threw up white foam
Did the Bird's Eye chili kill my pond fishes?
Do pets need dog friends?
My leopard gecko arm was taken off by my sister's cat while was at work!
My cat wakes me up at night pawing at my door
Clicker training -- to pause or not to pause?
My turtle doesn't eat
Cat stubbornly keeps repeating behaviour she's not supposed to do (and knows)
dog cleaning pup way too much
Should I let my son's dog dominate mine?
Good focus exercise for high energy dog
Why do people have pets?
Is it possible and/or cruel to encourage a hamster to be more awake during the evening?
Should I take my cat to the vet after a big fall/jump?
Do cats and dogs repel bugs and mice?
Kitten behaving strangely
Can cats drink sea water?
my cat has really bad diarea and it smells really bad and she's lost a lot of weight
Is it safe to hug and kiss indoor cats?
Beehive Construction
How to leash train a ferret?
The genetics of catnip susceptibility
Does a cat behave like a dog if it is adopted with puppies when it is a kitten?
Bearded dragon has tilted head and doesn't move it, what can be done?
Lethargic Betta?
Cat littermates afraid to be alone for even a moment
Low Quality Dog Food - What are the risks?
How can I determine if a probiotic product has ingredients that will be helpful to a GI illness?
New tank issue :(
What's the best food for a picky 7 month old maltese
What essential oils can I use that my cat would also like?
Cat does not like to poop into toilet
My parakeet is flirting with the feeding box. Does he needs a female parakeet?
Chinese Striped-neck turtle above water
Two Cats: Better to feed together or separately?
Is the white spot disease from gold fish contagious for turtles?
Toilet behaviour
Toy poodle seeking attention
Do cats notice breeds?
Cat wetting in house
My long haired cat keeps getting dirty - how do I keep her clean and how do I clean her all the time
Type of mineral oil ot remove snake mites?
How many toys available at a time, and how often to rotate?
Why does my cat meow in front of the door?
How long can my 9 month old puppy stay in the crate?
Can biting in pet mice be non agressive?
What steps should I take to prepare myself for dogsitting?
Red algaes in my tank
Crinsom colored growth in saltwater tank?
New cat for my other cat
Red eared slider moving large land items
How late can I train my cats to let me sleep in?
Does my bearded dragon have anything wrong with him?
What is the least painfull way to kill a shrimp
How can can I keep my hermit crab warm without buying an under tank heater?
How can I take care of a bunny?
my cat follows me everywhere meowing till I rub her belly
Schnauzer/Terrier Mix extreme skin sensitivity
How do I teach my cat to stop biting after rough play?
How do can you tell if your cat is hurting?
My boyfriend's dog hate me... help! Warning! Long post
Older dog doesn't like puppy, but middle age dog loves puppy
Aggressive Indian Watchdog
White marks on my Pearl Gourami turn into blisters/tumors before they die
Older cat not accepting new cats into the household
How can I comfort my dog when he is dry heaving and obsessively trying to eat leaves?
How to spend the last week with your dog
How can I prevent my dog from being a racist?
My cat stopped playing with her sister since we got a new toy mouse
My beta fish is hanging out near the bottom of the tank.
Is a twisted whisker (for a cat) dangerous?
My dog is protective in the neighborhood
How can I get rid of string algae that's inside java moss?
Five gallon fish tank
Transferring my fish.
Bored cats, scratching at the wall
My mom's cat doesn't like my cats
Will the hair of my Yorkie Terrier growth so long?
Boxer puppy boundaries
How I do know if my cat is male or female?
Cat bites aggressively when his back is touched
Why does my dog drink the other dogs pee?
Is my red tailed shark sick or pregnant?
Cat always tries to press her head against the brush
Are Labrador Retreiver typically stoic?
Cats eat each other's food (and dog's food), makes it hard to keep track of when they eat
How can I help my cat get acclimated in my new home?
Why does my male pitbull drink my female's pee (while she's in heat)?
Why is my female cat showing estrus behavior two months after spaying?
Why does my cat bring me her toy?
Leopard gecko's toe looks blackish purple
House training a pound puppy
Degus Ate Huge Amount of Cage Today
My parrot's feathers aren't growing back
Cat sporadically sratches and pees at the same time
How to proceed with a pet snake that starts jabbing when held?
Family cat is boring--way to bring out it's playful side?
Anxious Dog while walking
My cat doesn't want me to sleep
Setting up a good environment for a possible aquarium
Oops, I accidentally pushed the "attack my knuckles" button. How do I get away safely?
What can cause dark pigmentation on the tip of budgie's beak?
Understanding and Encouraging Blanket Spelunking
What container holds a 26-pound bag of kibble?
My dog has anxiety issues and I'm trying to discover the triggers
My dog seems to be in pain
Black dark spot on kitten face
Toilet Trained Cat... Almost
Dog too scared to come inside after incident
Rabbits teaching its own friends to drink from drinking bottle
Removing dried paint from cat fur
Is my cat pooping on my bed to get attention? How do I get it to stop?
What cold temperatures are acceptable for 2 to 4 hours for a Sheltie?
How do I stop my pig from pooping on the concrete?
Why doesn't my cat like to do anything?
My cats don't like each other and not enjoying their life
Female always hanging off males throat
Cat locked in apartment basement
How can spirocerca lupi worms be killed in a dog?
Does Juwel Cirax (ceramic biological filters) affect PH in the aquarium
German Shepherd Puppy doesn't like treats, so difficult to reward good toilet habits
Seeking Advice on Adopting a FIV+ Cat
Dying cichlids in our tank
My male cat is attacking my female cat; female so scared she urinates herself
Dog was starving himself
Dog suddenly barking and hiding.
Solution To Stop Cat Excreting In My Front Yard
is my cat well and happy? eats only jelly of food + mice?
My miniature poodle pulling hair out of his right paw.
Why do many cats want to eat at the same spot?
My leopard gecko needs help shedding, but won't let me handle her
How can I move new born kittens if the mother has them in a bad place?
Is Feline Diabetes painful?
When is (more) aquarium bio-filtration overkill?
How can you gain a cat's trust? Please help me!
My cat is shedding so much!What to do?
How to know if your cat is pregnant?
How can we calm our dog after eating?
Combined invisible fence with bark collar?
Is some blood during cat delivery normal?
How can I get my cat back to the way he was?
Should I get my cat spayed/neutered now?
why did my cat stare at me with her third eyelid pulled across?
Is manual flea removal by bath and brush ok for 1 day old kittens?
Is there a relationship between my cat licking the fur off her belly and a diet change?
How can I teach my dog to relax when outdoors?
How much space does a cat need?
rapid breathing from a new mother cat - what is the most common cause?
How do I teach my dog to obey commands outside?
Why did my cat poop in my bag?
Why do my cats get cuddly in these rooms only?
Why is my dog more obedient for me then my dad
How do I stop previously trained dog from peeing in house
How can I get my semi-feral cat to toilet outside?
How to I train my dog to stop digging on the sofa?
Why is my cat only afraid of people when they're standing?
Is my cat pulling its fur out due to a lack of teeth?
My puppy when playing with my older dog has bitten and clamped on
My platy is holding fry when will she give birth?
Associating vocal command with behavior during clicker training (cats)
Why is my cat afraid of the clicker sound?
Is this an adequate recipe for home made dog food?
Is it bad for my dog to drink soapy shower water (that is all he drinks)
Rabbit making the bed, how cute is that?
How do I train my dog to stop chewing everything that fits into his mouth?
My cat dashes through my apartment at the same time everyday
Dog goes after neighbors' chickens
Cat moving between legs, with tail straight up
Leopard gecko tail cut
Pet options for an immunosuppressed family member
Puppy training tricks
My tortoise is not moving
Is there any conclusive evidence of what the cause of Alabama Rot is?
Is there hope for my fearful, anxious dog?
Cat Suddenly Afraid of Dog
When a dog comes running to me, how can I know whether they want to attack or greet me?
My baby bunnies having its own room.
My cat's left eye and his belly don't look right.
Containment Anxiety
Golden Retriever puppy after vaccination
What kinds of fish recommended for my 3 gallon tank?
How can Old built up pet urine stains be removed from tile flooring?
What determines a cat's hunting preferences?
When do we need cat nets on window?
How do I stop my mini schauzer from eating non food items while on walks?
Will my cat lose her extra skin (from losing weight)?
Get rid of stray dog's urination
My tortoise doesn't want to eat
How to stop cat from pooping on carpet?
Cat constantly needs attention. Will she grow out of it?
How to get kitten to stop playing with aluminum blinds
Can cats survive on a diet composed of insects?
Found newborn puppy on the street. What should I do?
What are the options for euthanasia in countries like India?
Methods of breaking Chicken Boredom
My pet Rat snake has little black bugs
Do pet parrots need vaccinations?
Kota, scared to leave house and pulls until she's choking on lead, plus scared of every thing outside
How frequently do cats lose their whiskers?
Are abandoned cats or dogs harder to train?
Why is my cat drooling on simbadol?
How to heal a scabby bald area on cats back
Wise to have one or two pet parrots in the same cage
My turtle's shell flakes off
What mouse traps are pet safe?
Why does my cat get hooked on everything with his nails?
Just rescued a bunny... Not eating any hay or rabbit food
How to make puppy defecate and urinate in the same place?
my rabbit absolutely will not eat hay and very little pellets
6 yo cat not eating or drinking, ideas?
How to stop dog from gnawing on antique posts
Shedding bearded Dragon, has a white grey spot
Domestic Rabbit Abandoned her litter
Can Uromastyx eat peanuts?
Dog keeps eating my cats medicated food
Is it normal for a dog park visit to cause extra saliva/foam at the mouth?
How do i heat and/or build multiple snake enclosures?
How do I stop my cat from going too far while playing?
What is the impact of my dog having puppies?
When is the best age to get a baby parrot?
What are good substrates for parrot cages?
Why does our dog pee/poop when we aren't home?
Cat Squinting Left Eye
Do Loud Noises Damage Cats Hearing
Advise On Feeding My Sensitive Cat
Traning an exceptionally stubborn dog
Moving Cross-country with 2 Cats
Should I put a collar on my indoor cat
My cat shake's her back legs when she is sleeping or just relaxing
My dog goes crazy barking when I return home
Figuring out why one of my dogs barks at one of my roommates
To Foster or Not to Foster?
Is it true that canine distemper has no cure?
How to train a dog to properly cross a road?
What Are Some Ways to Increase Space for Cats in a Small House?
How to Train my Easily Distracted Cat
How to get my cat to eat a tablet?
Is my betta dying/sick or just sleeping?
My dogs not eat eating or drinking
I had my cat's kittens adopted young (6 weeks), will they be okay?
Please help me find a food brand in Canada for my 3 yr old Tabby which is not all by-products/fillers/gluten etc
Feline Leukemia question
My turtle fell from fifth floor, almost 40 ft
Should I do anything if I catch my cat sleeping on the floor?
How much time have to pass until a cat can be pregnant again after giving birth?
Whats the best sand to use for my bearded dragon?
Do you think my dogs are exercised enough?
What is the white spot on my Bearded Dragon's head? It does not look like shedding skin
How to choose the right size of mice for my snakes?
toilet issues with my cat
Housemate's dog won't warmup to us
Transport a cockatiel locally in car ride
How should I build a Cat Tree?
Stray Cats Intimidating my Pet Cat
How to teach my horse to lie down?
How can I tell if my cat is bullying her sister and what can I do to combat the problem?
Can I train my ferret for ferreting?
What material should I use for fish tank for tilapia
Dog peeing inside when I'm not looking
How to reintroduce cats to raw food?
Why does my cat eat inedible things, how can I stop it, and what are the medical side-effects?
Affect of Kh on Neocaridina Shrimp
Methods to train attention and obedience in a dog?
Kitten stopped using litterbox, how should I correct him?
How do you teach a dog to allow me to put his leash on?
Why is my cat twitching?
My rescue kitten is afraid of people and hides in the basement
Why won't my siamese cat leave me alone?
My cat keeps twitching
How to remineralize distilled water?
Salt Water Fish Tank Requirements
How to undo the mistakes I have done in potty training?
How do I stop my puppy from licking her pee from training pads?
How would a new puppy affect a 3.5 year old male Black Lab?
My dog is having a lot of hair fall
What to do if I am with my dog and an aggressive and unleashed dog approaches us?
Does fur protect a rabbit from heat or make it hotter?
How can I use positive reinforcement to stop larador from always sniffing the ground
How can I help an unfriendly dog with a serious wound?
Should I remove rubber bands from delivered flame moss?
How do carnivores (cats, dogs) catabolize protein for energy?
Preffered method for applying a barking collar
Help in crate training my German shepherd correctly?
Why does my cat meow when she stands on the railing?
How can I help a arthritic cat who is peeing outside of the box?
Can my pup actually be affected by Parvo Virus
how do i get my dog and a kitten to be friends?
how can I transport a suckerfish by automobile for 6 hours?
How often should a dog pee and poop normally?
My Guppy & Betta fish ignore cucumber
I live in Hawai'i where houses generally have both cockroaches and geckos. Are the geckos being poisoned by the poisoned roaches?
puppy upset when told off?
Dog black stool, negative on tests
Why does my cat scratch around water before drinking it?
Dog suffers from periodic mysterious brief, but intense, leg pain
How to prevent a cat from opening an accordion closet door
How can I add fiber into my cat's diet?
Dog acting strange about stairs
How can I make my balcony safe for my cat?
Cat avoids contact and attacked me when I tried to pick him up
How to keep an owl away from my small dog?
How to move an aquarium?
How to remove green bacteria algae from aquarium?
Shearing our Golden Retriever with Sheep Shears
Three kittens (2 weeks) want to train to front carrier (like Baby Bjorn but for cats)
Is it true that cats themselves are not smelly?
What is a good food to train a dog on?
Cavy home question
My dog barks at random strangers but then follows them?
My cat acts strange and scared when I take a shower
How to keep my Persian Cat Cool?
Is hot water enough to clean a reptile's water bowl?
Reducing costs for setting up marine aquarium
Black spot/patch on my bearded dragons back
How can I tell if my rabbit broke her toe?
Neighbor has a new cat - implications on our rabbits?
Is my guppy pregnant?
Cat Keeps Getting Cuts on His Face!
Is it ok to leave the pup/dog alone for whole day in a one room apartment?
Why are my Baby bunnies Dying?
Dog has occasional weakness in rear legs; seizure
Sore on Yorkshire Terrier external mouth / chin. Visit to vet required?
My cat does not recognize me
How Important is Natural Sunlight to Tortoises?
Can rabbits make babies when separated by a single wire cage wall?
Safe hot-rock for corn snake
How can I test whether I have a cat allergy without really adopting a cat?
Do Snails Need to be Acclimated to Aquarium?
How do windows impact health considerations of sunlight for pets?
Fish Tank water change
Should juvenile bearded dragons have heat rocks?
Dog pees too much problem
Bearded dragon scared of hands?
How long can a Rhodesian Ridgeback run for?
Is whey good for dogs?
What turtle aquarium substrate suits for "filtration" bacteria?
Can a cat be naturally skinny?
So I am looking into getting a young rabbit but i have 4 cats
How to tell if worming medication was effective?
How to prevent my dog drool
How to introduce a newly resident cat to regularly visiting dog
Is not allowing your cat to hunt ok?
Berries poisonous for cats
What is a good cat food for free-feeding an older cat who is not stomaching dry food lately?
Home care for possible ringworm while waiting to see the vet
How to upgrade fish to a much larger aquarium
Cichlids fishes are dying in summer weather
Preventing a stressed fish dying. Is it even possible?
Tips for encouraging a cat to eat more?
Why is the Life Span of an English Bull Mastiff only 10 years?
Can a male cat look like he isn't neutered when he is?
What should I do if neighbor's dog cries out (for help)?
New roommate's dog tried to bite me. How do I establish that I now belong there?
Selling my cockatiel / general inquiries on an allergy
Can an Albino Shark stay with a guppy in the same tank?
Can I teach my cat not to eat her treats whole?
My dog is limping
Can killing a rabbit trigger a behavior change in my dog?
Any ideas for an indoor real, climbable, tree or plant for a cat?
What to do when a dog has a cold?
Hyper extended right shoulder and swelling and sever swelling in back muscles
Rottweiler - need a durable chewing toy or ball, DESPERATE OWNER :)
Do white puppies change colour?
My German Shorthaired Pointer is displaying nervousness and anxiety: what can I do?
How to treat a torn iguana toe nail?
Dog walking problem
Circular patch on dog's back; ruled out mange, ringworm, other fungal causes, hotspot
Pitt Bull with knee and hip problems
Chihuahua Mini Greyhound mix still barking
What is causing this muscular seizing in my cat?
Help! Puppy keeps being too rough with one of my children
Iguana heating lights?
Pet weasel seems afraid of being on the ground
Are peas a complete food and nutrition source for squabs?
Adding new clown to a bonded pair
Cats are still scared after 2 months
What precautions should I take for burglars not to harm my dog
What to do when a cat's behavior suddenly changes?
Can creatinine levels be lowered in dogs?
Concerned about cat's reaction while cleaning litter box
Litter Box for One
How to introduce foster kittens to resident cat that doesn't seem bothered by them?
Does the cat know it's a game?
What is the active ingredient in oral anti-tick medication?
How many gold fish can i have in my tank?
Are loud sounds/music more dangerous for a dog's hearing than a humans?
How do I help my itchy Bichon Frise?
My Cat isn't eating or drinking or playing
Why is my guppy being aggressive and not giving birth?
Dog drinking his pee
Putting eggs under a broody hen
When is coronavirus leading to FIP contagious?
Desperately need help with incredibly aggressive cat
Why does my dog push my crotch while I'm sleeping?
What things I should prepare before having a dog
Are commercial cat foods addictive?
Why shouldn't I use Lemon Dawn to wash a cat?
How can I make sure wild baby bunnies aren't orphaned?
My rabbit just died but she leaves behind a bonded sister of 7 years. How can I help her cope?
Neutered male Maine Coon with me for 8 years has begun peeing on my bed
catnip in cat food
Should I worry that my milksnake likes to hang out behind the rock facade?
My Female African gray Parrot tries to feed me when I cuddle her
Is my tom cat attacking my female cat when were not around?
Dog ate cough-suppressant candy (made for humans)
Cats holding grudges?
Is it normal for a 2 month old kitten to be aggressive to older ca & play in liter box?
Cat's behaviour when dying
Do ants mourn their dead?
How long before my redeared slider she lays eggs? Should I force her onto land?
Can I guess on information requested by pet insurance forms?
How can I check whether a room contain fleas?
What to look for in a horse for beginners?
How can we prepare our older cat for the introduction of a kitten?
problems when a cat eats cucumber leaves?
Will I have any problems with this combination of fish?
Is it okay for a dog to hold their pee during the day until you come home to walk it?
Newfypoo weight chart
Is it safe for my cat to drink water which contains fake fish?
Is it safe to leave a Sheltie puppy with access to a doggy door?
Will fleas get back in my home if I wash them down the drain?
Can I use polymerisation glue for acryl in aquarium water?
Why is my cat freaking out all of a sudden?
Bite attack while I sleep
My cat drinks out of our swimming pool, is this a problem?
Sometimes my dog refuses to eat, just sits next to his bowls and does nothing
How to remove carbon particles/peat from my self-made gravel?
Is there any ant killer which is safe for my pets?
My dog acts like she doesn't know me sometimes
my cat plays only with one toy
Does the "cancer smell" in my dogs tumor indicate probable outcomes?
Can wild cottontail rabbits interbreed with domestic rabbits?
How do cats learn to use the litter box so quickly?
Are cats aware of accidental scratches they inflict on their owners?
does the value of a working dog increase over time?
Culural and inter-cat problems with adopting two kittens
How do you prevent a neutered tom from fighting neighbors cats?
Is this why it took 6 injections and 30 minutes to euthanize our cat?
cat is suddenly peeing everywhere
My cat got into a fight with an owl. Should I be worried?
What's the purpose of a gravel blockage of a mat filter?
Black spots at base of rat's whiskers
Betta with other fish... a fight? or other cause?
Best environment and Matches, beside Beta, Snail, and small Plecos
How can I have a cat without a litter box?
How to tell if a cat is abandoned?
My 3 months cat wants to explore living room but I'm afraid that I may let her out
Is indirect exposure to non-alcoholic beer dangerous for cats?
Dog cancer treatment options
White Skirt Tetra
Dog lethargic, hair loss, doesnt lift head and moves slowly
Puppy shreds potty pads and doesn't "get" their purposes, despite several training attempts
Baby dragon doesn't eat many roaches
Can a dog be left alone during work hours?
Door Protector for dogs that like to Hang Out the Window
What should i do with my parakeet is still on her eggs after 30 days and what happen to her?
How does a snail clean a fish tank?
What to do when one leopard gecko bites another?
My dog is pulling her fur out and eating it
Can animals count?
Is flushing or landfilling cat litter more environmental friendly?
Dog rubbing nose on bed and tapping bone. Any explanation?
What might be a typical stomach ulcer healing process and timeline?
Why is my sister's cat very shy during the day and around others?
7 Week Old Husky Puppy Cries In Crate
My dog is becoming unusually hyper. Whining, won't hold still, and jumping/nipping at me
Can cats release faeces from getting scared?
What could cause my dog's rash and yellow flakes besides allergies?
My cat always sleeps upside down
What do I do if my puppy's splint keeps slipping off?
What is best material for ground cover of an outdoor dog run?
I need help with dog training treat for my Siberian Husky
Minimum fence height for Labrador Retriever?
Why is there a worm in my dogs waterbowl?
Can I put 2 different batches of baby rabbits together
Should I change litter weekly even if it is hardly used?
How to prepare for cats well being if I die suddenly
Best way to introduce a leash-reactive dog?
At what age should I start trimming a bearded dragons claws?
Should I put dusted roaches back in the feeder box
Can I use these medicines for my sick fish
How to administer topical eye ointments to flat faced dog who bites
How to prevent my cat from stealing my glasses
Do nations with large dog eating populations still have dogs as pets?
Dog Not Eating Unless Accompanied
Changing breed designation of "Pit Mix"
How do I get my husky mix puppy to want to train?
Can a rabbit be safe drinking water that a turtle and fish live in?
When do Star tortoise lay eggs
Goldfish die in hours
My Aquarium plants leaf dieing
Should I get my baby cottontail rabbit who is extremely domesticated neutered?
My fish are slowly sinking in the tank and then they die ....pls help
How to shave a Norwegian Forest Cat for summer
Is second hand exposure to (non-nicotine) vaping harmful to my pet?
Why does my puppy eat so many things besides his dog food?
How do you socialize a bunny that has been locked in a cage for many years with very little socialization?
Dog charges at other dogs
What are the ways to help my cats feel better during a heatwave?
Sick leopard gecko
How to harness train my rabbit?
How can I train my dog to stay in one place when I leave?
I was petting my bunny and I can't tell if he's scared or likes it
Why cant our dog bark with a high pitch while holding a stick in her mouth?
Cat stopped burying poop in litterbox
Urinary so cat food
GF 9 mo Maltese is terrified of me
How can I stop my black skirt tetras from fighting?
How can I read lost dog's collar tag without it biting me?
Can fish live in a plant-filled pond without being fed?
How do we introduce a new dog into the home knowing we have long work hours for the first week?
Does my cat have an attachment disorder and how to handle it?
Why do dogs have black eye juice?
long-lasting sisal cat tree?
How to clean water bottles and nipples?
Can a dog that has had all his shots for parvo, still contract it?
My sons 12 week old kitten will eat only human food
My cat bites my hand mildly after hearing cats in my phone
Dog toilet training
Is my turtle's shell changing color a bad sign?
How to use Aquarium Substrate Soil
is redwood decorative bark mulch stained black bad for dogs?
What with eyes of these cats?
What is this scabbing and hair loss on my cat's ear?
My cat has been eating about half of what he should
Are Shiba Inus a good first dog?
Why do hamster bit the bars of the cage
Our cat is still scared and suspicious of us
Can an understock tank be under filtered?
What up with my cat's eye boggie?
Accidentally walked into doghow can I earn her trust again?
My young cat doesn't like the foster kittens I bring home?
Keep a Springer calm in new situations
Is it okay to give bone from one pitbull to another pitbull while they are separated, although they have fought before?
Tail missing leapord gecko
Holding my cats scruff
Why is my new adult male dog compulsively marking and humping the air?
Is it standard procedure for vets to check if a cat is pregnant before spaying?
Why aren't just ovaries removed in cat spaying?
Am I being jealous over my kitten?
How can i get my cat to use her litterbox again
Chicken overfeeding therapy for cat?
My 2 months old Persian Kitten Fur on Tail
In my multi-dog household, can I expect to be able to take my dogs to the backyard all together?
Why would a cat refuse to eat any kind of wet food?
Red Aussie fur color is changing
How do I get outside cats to drink more water?
Neighbors claim to see our cat, but we can't find it
Turtle: How do you feed mealworms?
Pet's behavior - Asking for food or thanking for food?
My old dog didn't eat
How many goldfish can I put into a 55 gallon fish tank?
How to tame newly adopted dog that is very aggresive
How to disinfect nets and siphon tubing for tropical fish?
Mollies with Bettas?
What does it mean if ketones are present but no glucose?
What is this white layer growing in the snail shell's entrance?
Most humane way to emergency euthanize an injured cat?
Tips on essentials before I bring my dog hiking?
Aqua plants and fish poop
Can I stop my cat from pulling out his fur?
Shiba Inu/Poodle being crate Trained - Can I leave him in the bathroom
How to take care of my dog's teeth?
Male and female budgies fighting
12 y/o cat not eating/drinking
Amoxicillin dosage and length of treatment for cat?
how do you treat hives on a pitt bull?
Is raw meat a suitable substitute for grain-free dog food?
how to get my concur to fly to me
Am I feeding my rabbits a balanced diet? If not, how to get there?
rabbit birth. Feels like babys
Seemingly Crying Cat Sound Yet Continues Friendly Rubbing On Me
Best brand of scale for kittens?
Why is not possible to make serology exam in animal's blood with hemolysis?
My Betta is in a 1.5 gallon tank with a filter system but no heat. Would it be better to get him a heating system or can a heat lamp help?
Are Cavalier-Poodle able to run over 2km?
What does it mean when your male dog asks to be mounted by your female dog?
Cat biting only me
how much food should i feed my cat?
Why did my koi pond fish die?
Getting a cat - advice for working people
Suddenly my kitten is fearing me?
My pet has a superficial wound on his foot. He's limping. How can I relieve his pain and cover the wound from infection?
Cat is drinking too much water
Can anyone explain me about this cat's behavior?
Adopted kitten still hasn't adapted well to humans
Rabbit losing hair around face areas (eyes, nose and mouth)
How's much supervision will my two male cats need after neutering?
Cat diet success vs unhealthy weight loss, how do I determine a healthy target weight?
my cat changed his behavior
Safe paint for cats?
How do I keep cats from destroying office chairs?
Betta hitting walls of tank in 'panic episodes' - What is causing this?
What is Fly Strike?
Male cat keeps trying to mate with female kittens
Caterpillar stopped eating
How do I get my mickey mouse platy back into labor?
Cat: Weight Management & Bladder Stones
How can I tell if my cat food is spoiled?
Can Humane Society paperwork be used to prove breed?
Is there a maximum legal limit to the quantity of certain types of animal an individual can keep as a pet e.g. monkeys
My feral cat is attacking only me
Eyeball going crazy in a Cockapoo
How can I ask my cat to bring me something?
My rabbit pulled her stitches out the day after surgery, now what?
Do we really know if cats are "playing"?
How can I teach my dog not to jump down the last two steps on my stairs?
My beagle eats all of her toys!
How do I teach my dog to jump over obstacles?
Can't find fish disease, Fish body Poped Up
Aquarium Filter... What's the order?
How to test if fish tank will break and flood my house?
My cat won't eat food that she normally likes
Why can I feel my 12 lb cat's spine?
Do I have to neuter my 14 month old Husky cryptorchid?
My dog has destroyed almost $1200 in earbuds! What can i do?
Strange lines on turtle plastron
When 1 of 2 rats die is there a suitable surrogate
Do 2 month old kittens need freshly softened food?
Get rid of green dust algae in aquarium
Koi fish injury from a Blue Heron
How much activation/stimulation is *enough*
Unusual lunging from my dog
How do I help my older cat maintain weight?
Ourdoor cat attacked my dogs on a walk, what should I do?
Cat with chronic diarrhea
Tube seems really small
How does a bird know its owner?
Stop dog from eating his own feces
List of vegetarian food for my Dog(Labra)
Diet and care for Bearded Dragon
Betta eats great but just lays at the bottom of the tank!
What are my options for putting my own dog to sleep?
star trek cookbook pet food question
Dog gets crazy when he sees people he loves
I'm Having Difficulty Giving My Dog His Insulin Shots
Vizsla vs. pitbull terrier
Why did my cat leave/return?
How can I treat mosquito allergy in cats?
Husky refuses to eat dry biscuits unless it's something else like canned meat for dogs
My cat won't play
How do I make a cat understand something is wrong?
How to setup a planted aquarium
My Cat Growls at Me When I'm Outside
My cat tried to eat a squash bug
I think my female map turtle is trying to lay her eggs in the water.
Pregnant Platty
My dog won't eat his kibble unless I'm sitting right there?
My Black Cat (Named Ki-Ki), won't eat cat food anymore!
Aggressive bearded dragon help?
Housebreaking a 1.5 year Labradoodle
How to stop a cat from waking me up?
How to keep a cat from scattering house plant dirt?
Dog pees inside if back door shut with no sign
Will my lost cat remember me after 4 years
What does it mean if my rabbit has a scab on the top of its nose?
Feral Bunny with fleas, how can I help it when I'm unable to get more than two feet close?
Is there such a thing a underwater climbing plants?
New puppy devours food impossibly quick
Chronic low-level cyanide poisoning in dogs
Nitrite 5 ppm why are my fish still alive
How to transport fishes over a short distance/less than one hour?
My dog is peeing everywhere
I plucked on of my birds feathers on accident! Should I do something?
Aquarium for watering plants, what organisms would be best?
How can you clean feathers so they're safe for cats to chew on?
bearded dragon perches when he sleeps why is that?
Ants on my cat cause itching, how do I treat the bites?
How to get my dog to poop during the day rather than the night?
15 month Dashound overly demanding for walks
How can I tell the difference between a pregnant or overweight cat?
What are reasons for the nitrit/NO2 peak during aquarium installation/start phase?
Reverse a debeaked hen?
In what ways are dogs affected by alcohol?
My cat is staring at the wall constantly - why?
How do I get a stupid cat to walk through an open door?
How do I encourage my cat to jump over a baby fence
How to teach my dog to not be afraid of my air pump
My Dog's urine is drunk by big ants in large number
General Care of a Dog's Pads?
My Cat seems to be extremely itchy all the time
Is this white hair algae?
Puppy has gotten demonstrably worse at housetraining?
How many grams of ceramic rings do I need in my filter
Routine change - how to stop dog scratching at the door
My male platy's behavior has changed
Can horse eat sultanas in sultana bread?
How to stop my cat from begging for food near feeding time?
My dog won't tell me he has to go out at night
Cat won't use litter box
Assimilating new puppy to cats
Space between bars of bird cage guidelines
Can Horses eat Bread?
A good feed routine for a neglected and underweight horse
Cat is not eating like he should
My cat suddenly craves sugar
Why do cats pat the area before they lay down?
4 month old puppy RAN from crate to her bed in the living to pee on it after peeing outside just an hour ago. Always likes to pee on her bed. Why?
Dog destroys everything I plant in flower pots
Cat keeps hissing/attacking dog without reason
What treats are safe for horses?
Aquarium is stuck on a nitrite spike
Licking all her hair from her belly to her back paws
Any research on whether we should adopt a companion for the cat?
How to stop submissive urination?
Share Flea Treatment
My cat won't stop licking himself?
Bully keeps running off
How to get a cat to sleep in a cat bed?
How Do I let my dog know im not gonna hurt her
Teaching Take: My dog always drops the toy
My dog forgets me (it seems)
Do Rabbits feel pain?
Helping dog recover from death of his brother
Should dogs eat out of raised or non-raised bowls?
why is my adult dogs coat changing color?
How to get cristal clear water in an aquarium?
Fish bowl acquisition advise
Can a cat be naturally skinny? or is she just fussy?
My kitten has a bald patch
How to minimize algae in this case?
spaying my female dog and feeling guilty
Kayaking Cat Conundrum
Cows and pigs with osteoporosis?
How to get a cat to stop chewing on cords?
Cats and bell rings or guizo
why would a corn snake have flat looking skin on their sides almost looks like wings
Why is my young female rabbit breathing fast.
How to deal with bullying at the dog park
Temaril-P and agression in dogs
How to exercise a dog when stuck indoors for long periods of time (e.g. during winter)?
Is normal for dog to play biting?
Dog restless at night in new crate
Cat specifically puts litter outside of box
red ear slider female
Can it harm my water pump if I limit the input with a valve?
How long will it take for a dog to adjust to a new home
How to keep a cat out of a crib/ bassinet
Should Aquarium fish follow seasonal changes?
Is it safe to feed a cat refrigerated canned cat food leftovers?
How to get my younger dog to stop pestering my older dog?
What are the ways to prevent my tammy cat from being pregnant?
What to do with a kitten a week after spay?
How to interpret behaviour of my cat during brushing
Hard to find black kitten, has something changed?
My turtle is acting weirdly. I am worried he could be dying
Kitten licks genitals ( a lot). (Serious question). Can I get him to stop it
Are cats fine around turtles?
Help! Adopted stray cat peeing on my bed all of a sudden
Can I use vitamin pills meant for humans in home-cooked meals for my cats?
What OTC vitamins or supplements that people take are toxic to cats?
Two kittens wont get along
a cheap catio (cat's patio)
Grumpy house rabbit who is hiding under my cabnet
Very very energetic puppy
Cat and cow's milk (whole milk) -- A feral cat knows what's good for it, right?
At what age does a male kitten mature physically?
Cat won't stop trying to take off her head cone, that keeps her from touching her injury
Are turtles lucky
My kitten kneads and sucks on our blanket but why
Can and do cats change the softness of their fur depending on emotion?
How to make a cat stop coming in the house (But leave it outside!)?
Help Training My Cat?
my rabbits are sneezing
New puppy - is this normal behaviour
dog pees in house when left for under an hour
I got my first fish and tank and I have some questions
Changed water and fish dying
Swelling of the cloaca
Behaviour problems
My cat is very affectionate and hungry
Tortoise came out of hibernation box in the fridge
Can hedgehogs travel frequently?
Neutering's effect
Do rabbits fight each other to the death?
Cats/kittens with lumps under their skin
How can I train my dog to ring a bell to go outside?
How can I get my cat to stop chasing my other cat?
My brother traumatized my cat. Help?
Male Betta sinking to the bottom of tank
Chow pup drinking
What pellets are rabbits eating in Watership Down?
Separating older dogs from puppy when in living room
What Are The Benefits To Cropping Dog Ears?
Sexing my beardies
How To Train a Cat 3 Questions?
Help my danios stomach is huge and looks like it's going to explode!
Dog barking while alone in house
German Spitz type?
Can small snails bite medium size gold fish?
Pretty/bright/unusual/active fish acquisition advise for kids
How to help a mouse with an eye infection?
How to know kitten's breed?
What to do with an abandoned puppy
In-grown nail or something stuck in his toe?
Is it normal for a cat to display maternal behavior when not the mother?
Why does my cat only play with her toys late at night?
Is it necessary to wet hard feeds?
How does chaff compare to hay?
Is meadow hay a good source of omega 3
Why does my rabbit "flop" after he's been picked up?
my lab mopes when my daughter goes home
Saint bernard puppy pulling and biting problem
Cat keeps peeing/pooping in the basement
How to get rid of cat fur all over and around my room?
What do I do if my puppy's worms burrow into the floor!
Why is my cat gagging?
How to teach female Persian kittens to no longer be scared by male border collie?
How can I train my cat not to scratch furniture?
How do I stop my dog from masturbating?
Can I train a cat/dog to capture stray/feral kittens?
My dog covers food and water bowls with sand
Why does my cat eat plants?
Is an UV lamp dangerous for fish?
What protects a dog's hearing?
Submissive peeing - solved by staring into their eyes with affection?
gold fish dropped on floor while cleaning bowl then it started swimming upside down
My pet rat ate her cage mate's tail?
Why kitten always go to litter box but no pee or stools?
How do I take care of a cat with a cold?
How to house-train a dog with separation anxiety?
Preventive Medical Care
is she agressive or just being a puppy?
How to prevent two dogs from chasing each other around the house?
I have a red eared slider turtle. My turtle wont grow
Shivering dog: Anxiety Vest or some other method?
Should I move my sick fish to a clean tank for treatment?
How to stop your basset from peeing out of spite
New cats: Female intimidating/bullying her brother
stray cats under the deck
socializing a puppy without all of the vaccinations
Unusual Aggression with Other Dogs
My dog is too quiet
Dog has withdrawn from me
Why would dog move her runt puppy to a place by itself after three weeks
Do occasional improved periods of breathing indicate that rapid breathing is not due to decreased lung capacity?
Parrot feathers are not growing
How to fix kitten's messy toileting
cat vomiting and not acting right
My aunt's cat's behavior has changed
How can I stop my dog from chewing on everything.
Fur clumps close to skin
Is there a breed of owl that makes a good pet
My kitten was desexed young?
Can I get a dog - and which breed; from where?
Do cats commit incest?
How to teach a cat to go outside without being loud?
How do I take care of a day old abandoned Cockatiel?
Has my dog eaten fox bait?
Cat hissing / but can be close to other cat?
Occupied litter box stalking
Should I make eye contact with my relative's aggressive dog?
My Bunny had babies what do i do?
baby Bearded dragon feeding/digestion
Did I kill my plants?
Wet cat food mixed with tuna for cats?
Turtle laying his head restlessly against glass
How can a guest help an owner verbally discipline a dog when the owner's family gives inconsistent verbal discipline themselves?
What types of grass do cats eat?
What to feed newborn wheel bugs
Create air intake from submerged water pump?
Do cats need to eat grass?
My dog eats everything that isn't food
Guppy and Turtle together?
What are some good foods for a puppy?
How to stop my dog from barking at other male dogs?
How do I reduce my dog's excessive shedding?
9 month old puppy behavior problems
My 10-months old male dog's penis doesn't want to retract
What are common reasons that dogs beg?
Sea Monkeys air pump
Dog park etiquette rules
Is psychology of the cat that has been raised by humans natural?
My cat was fine yesterday. And today shes not eating or drinking
How to know if an Indian Star Tortoise has laid eggs
Indian Flapshell Turtle not eating
Feline hyperaldosteronism (Conn's disease) alternative treatment options
Should I stop younger buddy cat from playing rough with older cat?
Kitten becomes hyper after a play session
Pet insurance on death of owner
Introducing new black and white oscillaris to 5 yr old oscillaris that lost mate possible?
Memory for sibling after separation for a week and a half
Betta fish with bump on his tail
Stray dog or fox?
Missing hermit crabs?
Do betta fish attack snails?
My dog will not accept meal from anyone other than me
kittens are biting everything... literally
Is it safe for a pet to stay exactly near an IP camera?
Will an airpump increase the CO2 level in my aquarium?
My Cat does not know how to lick
Introducing a 6 year old cat into a home with a 12 year old cat
Dog snaps at me sometimes, problem?
How to move a feral kitten from my bathroom to a cage?
How to prevent self-harming pulling
How many Tilapia and Catfish can my ponds accomodate?
How to introduce new fish in my aquarium?
While setting up lactated ringers bag I accidentally poked it with needle causing small leak, can I still use?
My Cockatiel makes a strange noise and I don't know why!
Dogs increasingly becoming picky and going to the bathroom in crate
My kitten licks and nips my nose when he's snuggling with me.
How to get closer with my budgies?
Puppy Crate Training
My dog tears up the towels I line her crate with
is it ok to persuade my cat to sleep off my bed (not on)
Why my zebra danios are not eating frozen shrimp?
Why some pets seem to be afraid of black objects?
Healthy older cat had a scratch that healed but now hasn't eaten for days
How can I find out the species of my baby turtles?
Do dogs prefer to urinate outdoors?
Why do some dogs dislike fluorescent clothing?
Can Acid Water Fish Live In Alkaline Water?
Can a 7 year cocker spaniel be house trained easy
New cat is hiding and not eating
Puppy suffers from diarrhea, but has no other signs of illness
My usually very quiet and calm cat started biting me?
Killing aquarium parasites?
Examine behind the soft palate of cat
My dog barks early in the morning, but it doesn't carry on
Sex time nd fertility
Chronic conjunctivitis in cats
Grabbing cat by scruff
Water dish vs bottle for dog kennel?
Dog being overprotective
Bloated Zebra Danio
Cat scratching her face and head
puppy hates collar and leash
Best E-Collar for cat post Perineal Urethrostomy (PU) surgery?
Plants for cat dental health?
Why does my cat meow a lot more since moving?
Cat with itchy skin
How to get dog to come inside with a bell
Male cat wont stop stalking and chasing our new cat
How to improve 7 year-old cats behaviours?
I'm looking at adopting a cat that had Basal Cell Carcinoma
Betta at bottom of tank
Is it normal for a feral cat to let me pet him/her?
Will a dog live longer if it eats dry dog food all the time?
Why is a biological denitrification filter considered cheap to build and operate?
Is onion and garlic foods toxic?
Pee patches on grass
How to stop cats from eating toxic plants?
Fish that do not spawn in freshwater aquarium?
Puppy twitches and makes noises in sleep: Should I wake them?
Two cats are attacking another cat
How to stop dogs from making noise?
Crate training a puppy: Should the cage be empty?
My 6 month old cat suckles and kneads on a blanket
Why does my puppy like to bite her foot?
teething or sick
My cat keeps bringing home insulation (pink fiberglass)
Why my kitten bites my face and nose in the morning?
What personality and temperament changes should I expect after spaying my dog?
How much should my dog eat?
He licks his reflection?
Hamster refuses to climb back up pipe
What do I do with my aggressive dog?
Can dogs be allergic to materials that collars are made of?
Dog refuses to eat unless fed by hand
My Geckos Head Still Has Skin On It!
How to get rid of daily urine odor?
Should I discourage playful biting?
Ferrets, are they playing or fighting?
Will neutering a kitten make him less able to protect himself?
How much my pug puppy should eat
Pug sheds too much fur
How can I teach one of my dogs to call another (of my) dog?
Can we leave a pug alone for 9 to 11 hours during the day?
How to deal with dogs dental issues?
1yo Mastiff puppy is jumping and kissing / poking people in the face
my cat is overweight and I am not sure what to feed her
New shy cat put paws on my legs, what could that mean?
Food for cat with urinary problems?
6 months old cat won't stop suckling his grandmother
I think my cat broke it's leg
Hamster excessively washing her hands
Why does my dog only show aggressive behavior indoors?
What do I need to know when picking pet friendly deicers?
Cat Toy(s) For Energetic Cat
Why does my cat not eat the hearts of its prey?
Can Atopica capsules for dogs be given to cats?
How can I train a Great Pyrenees to come back when off leash?
Why does my Boston Terrier snort heavily at times?
Shriveled scales on arms and stomach?
Why does my puppy like to put his face in my neck when he sleeps?
Why do my pets eat at the same time I eat?
Is it possible for a human to get a disease from a feral cat?
Pregnant platies
How long should I keep a well-adjusted cat in?
My cat refuses to eat any wet food
Microchips: which national database hosts the record if the pet moved between countries?
Identifying maine coon vs. ragdoll vs. ragamuffin
Initial steps to correct cat's excessive drooling
Agression between dog
Old cat flea allergy dermatitis.
7 month old cat throws up wet food
Older, larger cat introduced after tragedy...Not going well. HELP!
Ultrasonic Bark Control
Leopard Gecko Eye problem(Eyelids Grown closed)
aggression between two cats
How do I treat a sideways laying betta fish?
Cat's poop and pee smell has gotten very strong
How to keep my cats warm in outside cat house?
How to teach an adult cat not to bite
My 4 week old kittens are weeing around the room and only using the litter to eat. What should I do?
What is the purpose of wet cat food?
Why did my dogs ears start to flop?
Can I crush Baytril pills?
Five years old and still pees and poops in house and gets into garbage
My praying mantis pet is not eating, and has 2 black lines on it's abdomen
How to Elegantly Anchor a Floating Ornament?
Is a McDonald's hamburger safe for my dog?
Why Does my cat not meow?
how can you tell if a kitten will have short or long hair?
7 month old puppy peeing in house after recently peeing outside
Taking cat for a walk
Reason for fishes dying
dog crates: okay to share?
Dog sick after boarding
Are my two female guppys pregnant
Ideas about why my dog's prepuce is swollen?
Cat with scar from unknown source
Older male cat being very aggressive with younger female cat
Can I add another clownfish?
Are my female guppies preagnant
What's my corn snakes gender pic provided
Gold Fish fry water
Not fully understanding how to properly potty train 9week old dachshund
Pumpkin spice for cats, is it good for them?
Light switches and pets
50g filter for 4g aquarium
New shelter dog has chronic ear infection.
How to train a previously abused dog who is neither food nor praise motivated
Drinking fountain or bowl for a cat?
Can I give a biscuit to my dog before leaving home?
Train a dog for shoulder carry
Is it possible preview my dog adult size?
Cat throws up every day
Should I feed my dog before exercising?
My elderly cat is an expert at not taking pills
Should I be concerned about my recently-spayed cat's fall?
Domesticating wild mice?
How do I get my puppy to eat from her bowl instead of handfeeding?
My dog eats dirt from weird places then throws up
Is a water change near the end of cycling dry rock a good idea
How can I regain my dog's trust after accidentally hurting them with a toy?
Intact male started being aggressive with neutered dog
Alternatives to dog bone
Is changing water daily in a fish bowl harmful to the fish?
How many ghost shrimp can I put in a 20g tank with 7 neon tetras?
Will neon tetras eat ghost shrimp babies?
Puppy growling at the ball
My dog keeps twisting his body, arching his back, and rubbing his back and butt on walls and bushes
Liquid Dial dish soap for flea-soap(shampoo) usage
Cleaning to rid house of cat allergen after cat is gone
Is radiant floor heating healthy for my small dog?
Dogs stop eating pinto beans - why?
How to remove mold/algae from the stones in a fish tank?
Why does my cat groom my plush yorkie?
My dog insists being inside home
How to recover a dog from maggots?
My puppy doesn't like brooms
Old cat with declining digestion, wasting
What standards exist in the US for pet food?
Cat drooling in sleep
Extreme dryness, dandruff, blisters on skin since past 6 months
Add Fish or Corals first in a mixed reef setup
Alternative protein diets for cats
Tiny cat is bullying giant, 3-ft dog
One of our cats is afraid of me, but not of my wife
How do I make veterniary syrup?
Puppy full of ticks
How long until a new cat gets settled?
Cat dropping food in her water
What does it mean if my puppy acts different when my mom comes home?
Issue in giving sweet in high amount to dog
Cavalier having trouble keeping Trifexis down
Does Darwin Raw Pet Food Have Metal In It?
What is the correct order of elements in Haqos EX1500 External Aquarium Filter
My chartreux stopped eating canned food - Normal?
Is my guppy pregnant!? I hope so!
How can I make my cat trust my lap?
Best Residential Aquarium Test kits for accuracy versus affordability
When my snake is refusing food how long should I wait before I should worry?
Is my betta fish dead?
Where is it ok to place wood in the fish tank?
Can the wood be near the heater or decorations?
How can I train my dogs to let the water drip from their mouths over a certain area after getting a drink?
How do I get my cat to stop kneading the bed/pillows at night?
What are the risks to my cat from eating wildlife?
My cat bites a lot
I have two kittens and need an answer on determining hair length
Does rugging horses interfere with the grow of the winter coat?
Does my horse need to be rugged for winter?
Is it ok to feed dog weight loss food?
How to safe guard against being kicked by a horse?
How often should a litter box be cleaned?
Need some help with a bird injury. Urgent!
Cat is acting strange
Are thse Hemianthus callitrichoides aka Dwarf Baby Tears?
Post-Injury Tricks
Is a clean up crew necessary if there is no evident algae?
How to stop my dog walking on the road?
Is keeping a cat indoors cruel?
New cat wont stop meowing
Moving my cat and going on vacation around the same time?
Is grass OK instead of hay?
Simple care for baby tokay
Why is my dog afraid of me when we are alone, but affectionate most of the time when others are around?
Can an aggressive cat ever be affectionate?
What to do you after a cat dies?
How to calm down dog after fireworks?
Cat so spooked of me she attacks and stalks
Any free vet information?
Did my lost kitten return?
Dogs barking in their crate at 5:30 every morning
Managing kidney disease in dogs?
My dog doesn't like people of a certain race. What can I do?
Rescue cat still hates me
how many grams of whale meat is it safe to feed my cat in a week
My bearded dragon ate BARK?
Dog anxious inside, calm outside
Pit Bull mix that bit someone - is it likely he will bite again?
Why is my unspayed cat trying to chase off my other cat that has kittens?
Male cat is attacking female cat when he sees/smells another cat
How can I get my cat to like me?
Post bath - ferret full blown attacking other ferret!
What do I do if my fighting fish is just lying at the bottom of the tank, barely moving but eating a little?
Struvite crystals.
Why is my cat throwing up and leaking a clear liquid from the bottom?
Why does my cat attack my arms when I stretch?
How to know 2 day old puppies are getting enough milk?
Cat has strange behaviours when I brush her
How many times a day should I feed my cats?
How do I get my dog to stop eating, literally, everything?
Cause of eye gunk from dogs eye?
Cat meows at nothing
Cat's fur is sticky and has dandruff
What are some good dog toys for solo play in an apartment?
My yorkie is dirtying the house. What should I do?
What is an effective way to teach my dog "paw"?
One of my cats bullies the other. What can I do?
On average how long would take to give a dog advanced training
Life of dog after loosing her companion from birth
Testing for external factors contributing to a cat's loss, keeping other cat safe
How to stop my pet from chewing on everything
New cat only licks sauce / gravy from wet food and ignores the chunks, but eats dry food without issues
What is a good way to remove the stickiness from adhesive bandaging from my horses fur?
Baby leopard gecko won't eat!
What to do after the passing of my rat?
How can I keep poop from getting caught in my cats fur?
How to start building a Live Plant Aquarium?
Why is my cat so attached to me? Is there anything wrong?
Can I switch to using tap water with a larger tank?
Baby Crested Gecko Isn't Eating
At what age should we get a Cockatiel baby at home?
Am I causing two cats to fight?
Do cats go through depression?
Overweight lazy cat won't play
Neutering anxiety
Dandruff with male cat
Unvaccinated puppy in used carrier
Nitrogen cycle for new fish tank
How to wash cat hair out of fleece fabric?
Golden fish are dying
9 month old Border Collie chasing and staring at the the sun
How long does pasture need to be rested to prevent worm re-infestation?
Did I remove the tick the right way?
Hand Stand Poop
Are the snails suffering?
My cat is sick and I think she might be dying but she is a kitten
Which breed of dog is recommend for a beginner?
Rescue cats- letting them outdoors ? Together or alone
What could be the cause of my dogs hair pattern?
How to warm up a snail terrarium?
My cat runs from me all of a sudden when eating
Are there animals that celebrate communally?
How soon can abandoned kittens be weaned off the bottle?
Made my cat scared of me, need help
Calming down feral cat to take to vet?
My cat has a sort of.. pattern by her tail
My dogs are chewing holes in their chainlink fence; new fence recommendations?
Am I 'stealing' someones cat?
Why can't I pat my dog for any mistakes if dog's pain tolerance is 4 times higher than human?
Can we house a baby squirrel in the same cage as a ferret or bunny?
Cat has wounds behind his ears
How to use CO2 tablets for Aquarium?
Kitten can't eat dry kibble
Wet food vs. Dry food
Most likely cause of hair loss in dogs
How make puppy comfortable with strangers without making friends?
How to control my aggressive puppy
How do I keep my leopard gecko cage warm?
Found my dog laying in street, what happened
Any tank mates for an African clawed frog
Can my fish coexist?
Is it safe to use ant traps if they're out of reach of my cats?
acepromazine for feral cat?
Full Spectrum LED(400nm~840nm) vs Grow Light LED (RED+BLUE)
Spacing for fence slats - small dog
How do I stop my male cat from "controlling" and attacking my tiny female cat?
Do cats usually attack when their human owner exhibts excited behavior?
Saving a neglected tank
How do I stop my dog from barking when I'm not home?
Snake refusing food after escaping
Gecko won't eat
Why is my Persian 9 month old kitten so scared of me? In fact it is getting worse
My rabbit is making this weird noise. Is something wrong?
Budgies egg hatching time
My male cat is wanting me to follow him
Puppys trying to Breed too early not in heat
cat has a swollen area after a cat attack
How potty train a 2.5 months old puppy?
Is my molly under attack?
How to trap an untrappable pest tom cat
Chow Chow Groming
How much time should i spend with my puppy 4 month old?
Fact or fiction- Have I ruined the chance to teach my cockatiel to talk?
Where can I install a pet door?
Any cure for a nervous bladder?
How do I correct play biting?
Dog won't give the ball back
Cat poops on the floor by the catflap overnight
Dog developed dewlap and died
11 wk old kittens
Could my gravel be causing my tank to be cloudy?
Why do dog/cat ears twitch when air passes over them?
Are sinking shrimp pellets healthy for Bettas?
How do I prevent my Robo Dwarf Hamster from biting during handling?
What are most important recommendations for choosing clothing for my dog?
White dots appearing on the drift wood surface
When I touch my cats upper lip his mouth opens abruptly
Can putting a toy in my dogs cage encourage her to chew other things in her cage?
Extremely sick German shepherd puppies
Will 2 cats keep each other stimulated?
How can I tell if my cat is getting enough stimulation?
My cat avoids me picking her up: how do I change this behavior?
Bearded dragon sick or gravid?
Will my fish's tailfin grow back?
My dog won't go and play in the yard anymore after I told him to stay on the deck once
Are possibly poisoned locusts safe to feed my leopard ghekko
How to deal with accidental overdose of antibiotics on a cat?
Do the skin scales developing on my dead kitten provide any clues to what may have caused its death?
Leaving for vacation, leave cat alone or move it to other house?
How to stop kitten leaving toys in the litter box?
Cat box smelled like ammonia after I changed brands of litter
Is it safe to let my cat walk on the roof?
Stress relief of parakeets? Is vegetable glycerine safe for parakeets/ small birds?
Will Pea Gravel keep cats from using my garden as a potty?
Are my windows cat safe?
Can tamed foxes and pigs live peacefully together?
Fatal cotton like fungus on goldfish spreading to other?
My staff attacked my jack russell
Is my hamster's cage too small? (fancy dwarf)
How long will my cats hair be and how do I groom her?
What is the signs that a lonely kitty is abandoned by the mother
What kinds of fences/toppers would deter cats from yard without harming a toddler?
Very affectionate and almost always purring cat
Why do cats and dogs react different when bitten by snake
Kitten's fur clumpy after vet used solution to clean ears?
Stop scratching behavior from cat
Fish tank (Aquarium) as a room divider?
Best methods to help your dog if he is scared of children?
My puppy doesn't want to walk (Newfoundland/Bernese Mountain Dog)
What other worms do I need to catch?
Is using fertilizer in my cat grass bed safe for pets?
how thick is the skin of a cat compared to the skin of a dog
Keeping my cats in a room while I am at work
How do you identify the reason why a dog has no tail?
How do I get my cat to stop waking me up at 5:45am?
How can I stop my dog barking and growling at strangers and guests?
Are there any advantages to getting a "mutt" over a purebred dog?
My rabbit lost his claw
Yorkie vs. 10-month old son - how to deal with aggression
Identifying component of cockatiel mix
Film on surface of female betta tank
Can you bring home 2 kittens (siblings) at 8 weeks?
Stop territorial aggression in my dog
Does bleach kill flea eggs?
My cat claws my face when snuggling and keeps waking me up
My cat is afraid to eat
Turtles: Fresh water in aquarium turned red after few minutes
My 12 week old puppy has had two focal seizures already. Should I return him to the breeder?
House training 1 year old German Shepherd
Why is this anal expressing so common now?
Brothers not getting along
What is the optimal age to bring home kittens?
How to punish an aggressive misbehaving puppy?
Moving houses but we feed two stray cats
My 2 months old puppy bit me. He hasn't gotten any vaccines yet is it dangerous?
Dog all of a sudden scared of living room wall
Are farm animals naturally patient with kid goats, or is it a trained behavior?
How does spaying leaving the ovaries in tact affect the heat cycle?
my cats won't play together (not neutered or spayed)
While writing inside a cats ear with a sharpy, harm a cat?
How to get 19 pound cat to lose weight
Issues with their hound growling when they're disturbed when sleeping?
My cat does not catch running toys, she runs with them
Cat having diarrhea as medicine side effect
Fungus blocking fish from eliminating
Will my cat ever be the same?
Flourish Excel melting my hair grass and ludwigia
Dog with lint stuck on tooth
will untrained dogs hurt a human if he/she smells like a cat?
Will putting my dog's poo outside encourage it to take a dump in the garden?
Whats the best way to prevent cats from going places they shouldn't?
How to deal with suspicions of neighbours abusing animals
Is it OK to adopt unknown breeds?
Is it safe to give a rabies booster 2 weeks after inital vaccine?
Do puppies really like being hugged?
Bream and Neon Fish
activated charcoal filters + fan for covered litter box?
Do cat's know when their owner is sick?
Urgent! Dachshund Head Swelling
Is it OK to wash my dogs head/face with the hose and dog shampoo?
Why is my dog sleeping in my bed (previously she was trained to not get on the bed)?
Transporting a dog in the back of a pickup truck
Lump on Goldfish
Can a DOG learn to cover it's feces?
Antibiotics mixed with yogurt on Sinclac containing bacteria cultures?
Does my cat have a boyfriend?
Leaving 2 month old puppy while at work
Intact male dog aggresion. Will neuter help?
W/could you add catnip to cat food (canned or dry) to get my cats to eat it?
Remedies for irritation at base of tail
How to stop my puppy from eating his stool?
What to do with a constipated cat?
How much should I spend on scissors for grooming my dog?
why is my cat staring at me?
My kitten licks me constantly, should I be worried?
How to get 19 pound cat to lose weight
Help increase Betta Fish lifespan beyond 1.5 Weeks
How to stop a cat from breaking glasses?
My cat is constantly starving
Why can't my cat meow
Supplements for kitten being fed on home cooked food
Are there health consequences if I don't spay my cat?
Does a cat necessarily get sick after giving birth?
What causes pyometra in cats? and if allowed to mate will the chances of having it decrease or increase? why?
Is me staying up all night bad for my dog?
Training multiple pets: separately or together?
Dotsiepoo & baby kitten
Can desert/beach sand work as an alternative for litter?
Feed the dog without bowl
My cat is scared of my grandkids?
First time owning a cat
Damp weather and kitty litter
Does Revolution kill ticks?
How to kill ticks on a Rabbit?
Betta male at bottom of tank
Cat aggression while away
Tick removal, to twist or not twist?
Animal for small aquarium
URGENT! Obstipation + toxic antibiotic intake!
Why does my cat poop (but not pee) on the floor?
Odd poop, clear jelly like, with fresh blood and eating grass
My Koi is acting skittish suddenly, and found injuries
What can this be in my dog's skin?
Foster momma cat causing trouble, how to solve it?
How to mitigate adopted stray's fear of other cat?
How do I deter a visiting doggie from a sewerage leak in my garden?
Why does my cat suddenly poop and pee where she is not supposed to?
How do I get Skin off my untamed baby leopard gecko?? HELP
Natural anti-inflammatories for horses
Why did my Guppies not grow for 8 months?
Dog stays behind me during walks
How do I stop cat hair and dander form leaving my bedroom and bathroom and going into the rest of the house?
My kittens keep fighting!!
My kittens keep fighting?
Can I use an unused bath as a litter box?
When integrating a new cat into a house with a resident cat, how should I divide my time?
Cat uses litterbox while I'm cleaning it - Is my cat weird
I can't train my dog with treats
Bunny left outside now experiencing problems
How do I know how old my betta is?
Keep cat contained in a pet play fence. What to use for cover to not escape?
Auto feeder: do cats need a bowl for their kibble, or is gathering from floor ok?
Do all female cats have longer fur around their abdomen rather than around the rest of their body?
Cat food in jelly - how long can you keep it unrefrigerated
Searching breed of this dog
Cat sometimes use the litter, others use the kitchen floor
Will Myiasis cause death?
I feed my turtles maggots..is that ok?
Is sugar/sweet food safe for cat
Why does my chihuahua still pee in house after I take him out?
How to get a grown up cat to stop scratching while playing if it was used to it since it was a kitten?
Likelihood of survival- Phneumonia baby cockatiel
Is my dog the aggressive one?
My kitten has thick fur with shaggy longer hair all over, except on his head. Will he end up with medium fur?
If he will be a medium hair cat
Should I cut my Pomeranian's fur for summer?
what makes the baby rabbit get swollen stomach and at what stage do one separate them from their mother?
Do cats prefer water from bowls that are far from their food bowls?
Will my puppy learn to cock his leg to pee?
My dog attacks my friends and other dogs
Is my pet tortoise's size normal for his age?
Gourami breathing at water's surface
Why do my cats eat food that is not part of their natural palate?
My female cat is in heat and is constantly meowing loudly. We are unable to sleep. Help
Can exposure to cat herpes change a cat's behavior and personality?
Was the vet right about euthanizing a kitten with Calicivirus?
Sometimes my kitten doesn't eat from his plate
Are these defecation habits a healthy variation from the norm for newborn kittens?
Has anyone had success treating an older dragon's MBD
How can I feed this hedgehog?
Why was a worm exam negative when actual worm was included in stool sample?
How can I get an adult cat to get used to a scratcher?
Is it wrong to let your cat give love bites?
How to free a catfish from a strangling rubber band?
Should I get a wire cage with a pullout bottom for my guinea pig or a solid bottom?
Is my kitten a girl or boy?
Irish Setter or Cocker Spaniel?
How to regenerate an overstretch fin and skin damage by shrimp of a stuck molly?
What (wall) cleaning product ingredients are safe for cats?
Axolotl nitrate levels high- more frequent water changes?
Why does my adopted kitten knead and suck on my daughters blankets?
Sustained diarrhea with my cat
Is it easier on my dog to move in a single day or take 2 weeks to get used to the new place?
Did I damage my kitten by accidentally forcefully opening her eyes?
What is the best way to make a cat realize that she is forbidden from going outside?
It's been 3 months and my crickets still won't breed, lay eggs, or chrip
Medication for cat with difficulty breathing / congestion
My two month old cat bit me, could I get rabies?
What 'Special Occasion' Food Can I Feed My Cat?
Female turtle unexpectedly laid eggs, what do I do now?
How do I get ready for my first dog?
My cat hasn't defecated in 2 days
Dog with chf breathing over 120 bpm while resting
How do I stop large german shepherd from dragging me through the yard to chase rabbits?
Aggressive behavior
Why doesn't my un-spayed female cat spray or rub herself on us or other stuff?
Why does my dog like to cuddle my shoes but not chew them
Is the cat trying to communicate by leaving toys in significant places?
Can I relocate an outdoor feral cat when I move?
Vegetarian Food for Cat(2 Months Old)
Unexplained limping
Does medicating an entire tank harm healthy fish?
My cat brings mice ALIVE and it is becoming a problem
Is there a "shock collar" that doesn't actually shock the pet but instead just makes loud noises when they pass the perimeter?
Border Terrier howls at overhead aircraft
How do I stop my cat from knocking over items on shelves?
How do I get my dog to stop peeing in the house when he has a doggie door?
Will cooking rocks and branches in the oven make them safe for aquarium fish?
Is it too late to train my cat out of biting?
What causes urinary stones in cats?
My cat keeps peeing on my stairs!
What size of hutch would be right for two mini lops?
Why is my 4 year old feral rescue pooping on the living room area rug every night?
Is this statement about pets and their food accurate?
Leopard gecko not eating, acting strange
How long can a dog stay outside on a 95 F (35 C) day safely?
Scared-Anxiety or some superstition stuff?
Why do my two cats use one litter box for pooping and the other for peeing?
My cat is peeing around the litter box
Impossible to catch female feral cat to have stitches removed after sterilisation
Can I feed my cat whenever she wants?
Any tips for how to coax and teach a shy feral cat to trust?
Are there sure signs I can see my cat might have arthritis?
Pet smart Collar
Is it okay to let my dog run when she's scared?
My dog acts afraid of me after playtime
Elderly next door neighbor and her elderly dog aggression issues
Why are my old cat's pupils always dilated?
Why do my cats drop their toys in their water bowl?
My elderly cat is in poor condition, should I wait to take him to the vet?
Dog barks for an hour when expecting owner home
I'm moving and have stray not ferral cat I don't want to leave behind. Won't come inside at all
How can I encourage my bird to eat fresh food?
Is medium sized gravel okay for my 40 gal turtle tank?
Snapping fingers in place of a clicker
How can I free feed a cat without feeding the ants?
What is the minimum space to keep a cat in an outdoor enclosure?
Is a 36 gallon bow shaped tank okay for baby turtles?
Accidentally scared dog last night and he has been aggressive/scared of me since
How to teach my cat not to bring toys to my bed?
How to sex a Bristlenose Catfish
Why does my cat COME to me if I ever have an argument with one of my family members?
What are the signs that my cat is not happy playing with my toddler son?
CO2 cylinder - Aluminium vs Steel, which one is preferred?
Dog barks when my partner is away
Dog rolls in poop at daycare
Weed killer that's safe for a horse paddock
Why is this cat making this sound?
my cat loves my bed - why?
What Can I Do About This Injury
Why does my cat hate raw fish?
Train grown outdoor cat using the litter box
Are there spices or other food flavorings that should never be fed to cats or dogs?
Does this fish have body rot?
Thinning hair on cats back
Should I give my pets vitamins or other supplements?
Will playing near undesirable pee location dissuade future soiling?
Why giving multi-vitamin makes my cat crazy?
Is my guppy pregnant? If so what should I do?
How can I safely induce vomiting in a dog?
How will the eclipse affect my pet?
Peeling Skinny Pig Skin
Local cat attacks my dog whilst walking, what should I do?
What kind of shampoo to get for dry skin?
Cat Chewing At Nails/Toes & Heavy Digging
How to move an axolotl and his tank without needing to re-cycle?
Skunk gecko please help
Premix glucosamine - Impact of storage on effectiveness
Is it safe to kiss my cat on lips?
Dog in water - behavior with others
Ear infection remedies
My cat bites when wanting attention
How do I make my cat accept the new vacuum robot?
Mali Uromastyx: Stick thing sticking out of Femoral Pore
Are higher-cost cat foods any better than ordinary ones?
Why can't my kitten meow?
Chihuahua ALWAYS gets excited and pees
For 4 years cat refuses to eat same meal twice & yells 24/7
How to train a stray cat where I will feed it?
Why is my German Shephard scratching their mouth and ear?
Why does my dog love her furry toys?
Can I feed wild Aphids to my Fire Bellied Newt
How To Keep Feeder Mice if I Keep Kosher?
Social component to grass eating
Are underwater snails strictly bound to 'under' the water?
Burying and growling
How can I stop my cat throwing up after drinking water in the morning?
How does chewy treats promote clean teeth and gums
Mystery Snail laid eggs in a terrible location-, hatchling health help
Blister or infection?
Can Frontline Combo cause short term personality changes in my cat?
How Can I Bring My Newly Mid-Crate-Training Puppy to My Partner's House to Sleep?
My cat is not sleeping at night since I switched to a night shift job
Does anyone have experience with: unknown mass in cat's chest?
How can I safely catch an injured pigeon?
Kitten biting and scratching me when playing
What is the recommended food and insulin timing for a diabetic cat?
How to reduce anaerobic gas build-up in aquarium substrate?
My kitten ran away, what are the chances of her coming home and/or surviving?
I scared my cat today and he hates me
Why is my kitten pooping downstairs?
My cat is getting frightened when newspaper boy throws in newspaper
How Can I Reward My Puppy for Chewing His Toys Instead of Everything Else When He's so Food-Motivated?
Getting dog to sleep in another room
Why does my cat make strong eye contact?
Do snakes give birth to live young or lay eggs?
Is it necessary to keep a cat's nails trimmed?
Is it true that it's unsafe to put an e-collar on a cat? Are there any alternatives to it that cats would find more comfortable?
How can I get a hermit crab off me, safely, once it pinches?
My cat does not eat if there is little food in the bowl but starts eating again if I fill up the bowl with more food
Do aquarium turtles require basking everyday?
My vet told me my cats heart have an abnormal sound, will this affect how long she might live
How can I medicate my big, strong cat when I can't get down on the floor?
How quickly do Belgian Tervurens grow?
Letting cat in and out when living in upstairs apartment
How to give a dog medication when I can't bend over
What is the minimum space for keeping a horse?
How to care for a severe wound on horses leg
My cat seems to dislike the idea of morning walk. Should I continue?
Seeking advice on planted aquariums
My kitten keeps biting my fingers
10 yo cat prone to cystitis (probably stress related)
Cat doesn't eat anything and shiver sometimes
Betta is not active and laying on the bottom after tank dropped to 19C
How do I perform 100% daily water changes when fridging an axolotl?
Why does my cocker spaniel behave inappropriately towards my new maltipoo?
How can I reduce feeding my fish to keep my snail population under control?
Safest way to get rid of cockroaches found close to dog's house?
Taming feral cats
Is there a generic, less costly, alternative to Nutramax Dasuquin with MSM?
Dog new at the office; should I force walks to stimulate him more?
UV film on fish tank
What should I do to discourage my cat from slapping me?
Is a 3-4 Month Puppy Too Young to Start Using a Gentle Leader?
Does my Betta have dropsy?
What is wrong with my betta fish? Fin rot? Velvet?
Dog tablets for de-worming
New behavior since moving
Couple of same-sex Djungarian hamsters?
What's the Difference Between Pulling Back on Leash and Stopping?
Cat mowing and chewing until skin bleeds
Puppy Showing Signs of Aggression Towards Other Dogs - Should I Expose Him to More Situations or Not?
Cost of keeping a dog vs cat
Make A kitten Follow me
Kitten Diarrhea With Blood
Kitten always gets dirty from stool
Saving a unfed kitten
What types of kitty litter are there and what else can be used as kitty litter?
Should we have separate bowls for the cat?
Gold Fish (shubunkin) behaviour changes
at what age is it best for a cat to have the first litter of kittens
Force Feeding Medicines To Kitten
How can I discourage a stray cat from harassing my indoor cat?
Will my kitten remember me after a day of interaction?
how to stop my dog from bullying shy dogs
Should I clean the turkey baster used to feed my axolotl?
Beardy has weird discoloration
Cat in a electronics hobbyist house
Is it normal for my cat to become extremely affectionate while in heat?
My kitten won't stop biting
Male kitten (7 months ) attacking female kitten (3 months )
Why does my cat immediately use the litter box when I'm in the same room?
My cat uses the litter box wrong!
Is there any way to help a kitten with a URI until I can afford to get him to the vet?
One discus fish bullying the other discus
How do I adopt a family of kittens when their feral mother is aggressive?
Glassy eyes and very vocal. What does that mean?
Why do cats purr?
Blind disease in Hens
6 week old staffy crying all day
How can I stop my boyfriend's cat from attacking me?
How do I regain my cat's trust after forcefully pulling him out from under the bed?
My cat vomited string and I pulled it
Can I add soda water to my tank for my plants?
How Can I Put My Food-Obsessed Dog in His Crate and Keep Him Occupied Without Freaking Out?
How to give feisty cats medication
Why does my dog poop in the house when he's alone?
Why did my cat attack my face while I slept?
why is my cat not losing weight?
Why does my cat (kitten) run away from me all the time?
Cats and lactose intolerance
What food is best for a 2 month old kitten that has been abandoned by its mother?
How to leave my dogs back home?
My 14 yr old Shepherd husky mix does not test positive for Cushings Disease...so now what!
Benefits of adding aquarium salt to freshwater juvenile discus tank
My "sassy" cat keeps attacking her not-so-secret-admirer
Why does my cat yowl to go meet the tomcat?
Two female beardies in one tank
Koi fish sick and lethargic
How can I stop my 14yr old cat jumping on our pillows as we sleep?
Locating dead fish
Are candles scented with fragrance oils safe for birds?
Green water in aquarium
Feeding Mashed Green Peas To Discus
Why has my kitten's "meow" sound reduced suddenly?
Dog peeing in house when gone
Cause of Kitten Diarrhea?
Do Mosquitoes bite cats/kittens?
How long to wait before flying after a dog had been spayed
Friendship between a boxer and puppy pitbull
Why is my cat lethargic, spaced out, and has air bubbles under her skin?
How to determine if a cat can squeeze through a gap?
My dog can't stop licking his paws
How to stop my kitten climbing on the window screen
should cat's be given names which end with a vowel?
Can rabbits suffer from thyroid problems?
How to clean/wash litter box that had clay litter?
Jack Russell/Terrier Mix about 2 yrs old shaking and pulling out hair?
Relocating three stray cats
What kind of Aquarium background is better? SelfAdhesive or with Glue?
Using a dehumidifier to kill fleas
Do cats have unique paw-prints like human finger-prints and unique meows?
How often should I feed my juvenile discus fish to grow their full potential
Is it necessary to cover the top in a pond with silver arowana?
Why is my puppies tooth gray?
Is it normal for my kittens hair to fall out? Will bathing or diet change help?
How do I stop my 6 year old cat from pooping outside her litterbox?
Alternatives to Renal Dog Food?
Female cat attacking male juvenile cat
Can you use Monistat on a dogs paw for yeast infection?
Leaving rats alone early on?
Sleepy Betta in heated 10gal tank
Do small dogs cuddle more than large dogs?
How do I reduce my hound's intense prey drive (towards squirrels and cats)?
Replacing bottom of a bird cage
How to safely keep a parrot's space warm through the winter?
Help with Fishless Cycling with Live Plants
How do I make an untamed kitten friendly with humans?
How do I determine if this rodent is an adult or baby?
How can I encourage a high energy dog to exercize if it has no prey drive?
How to get son and dad to stop fighting?
How to stop an 8 week old kitten from pouncing and scratching
Species identification: fizzing plants
How is a dog's health affected if he's (almost) never bathed?
My male fancy mouse Ace has recently started biting
How can I safely clean a bird's cage indoors?
Will a couple of guppy males be happy in my fish tank?
Why doesn't my cat recognize me
Why does my cat act hostile towards my other cat after being kenneled for a week?
My cat stopped eating, drinking, and getting up to go to the bathroom
Maggots on back of the dog
Icing that hardens for dog cakes
Ancistrus breeding in rock pile
My 4 month old Cockateil makes some odd noises as if it is talking with someone else. Do I need to worry about such behaviour?
My aggressive fish has become very shy, afraid in the last week. What changed?
Is 10 months late to teach a cat to self-feeding? If not, how shall I proceed?
Cat suckling sister
Cat is suddenly behaving in unusual fashion
does my cat have an infection?
How to make neighborhood kitten understand it doesn't live with us
Easiest Ancistrus to breed
My cat sniffs any new furniture, person, bags, etc. for several hours
How do I know my dog fleas are gone
Female dog keeps peeing inside at night
My cat vomited and pooped in the house?
My cockatiel gave birth to 4 babe in first cycle, need to take care of it, please educate me?
Food anxiety in former stray cat?
Why does every single dog seem to hate mine?
How big should my hamster cage be?
How do you breed daphnia to feed to aquarium fish?
Is it possible to create an air pump from leaf blower?
Does dosing a tank for sicknesses cause harm if I can't diagnose the illness?
Can dogs get Campylobacter infection from humans?
My dog has got ticks inside her ears
Is 12 too old for a cat to move to Australia?
How to keep my cat stress free during periods of constant 90dB+ sound?
How can I tell if my cats are related?
How long does it take a tick to infect my pet?
DIY Aquarium air blower to run up to 20 tanks
My cat has been terrified by something outside at night, what could it be?
Can my kittens get worms?
Rabbit has mucous like poo
My pug doesnt eat until fed by hand
My cat rubs his eyes on objects all the time
What are these critters in my tank?
Maggots for turtles and bearded dragons
Is homeopathic treatment proper for cats?
Why are my dogs getting progressively more scared of the nail grinder?
My cat is biting and scratching me and diving at me with claws out
What fish can I put with my betta?
What kind of substrate is best for fancy goldfish?
Unsuccessful rabbit mating
Can I install 'HoundHeater' against plastic FRP Wall Board?
My cat is eating grass when take out for a walk
What other hyperthyroidism treatments are available for a cat who didn't tolerate pills or Hills Y/D?
Gold fish being strange
5-Month-Old Puppy Barks/Growls When Other People Play With Him
Hostile hamster - Biting hands whilst holding
Will I get sick from being bitten by a street kitten?
Is it healthy for a pitpull puppy to spend months in one place without leaving?
Can I keep 2 breeds of turtle together
Neon tetra with cotton mouth
Betta fish fin tear or rot?
Can I break a betta food feeder in half?
How to tell if Mother cat is lactating?
German shepherd puppy digs holes in our carpet
How to get cats to stop eating sound proofing material
Hedgehog cold and lethargic, what to do?
How to correct biting dogs behavior
How cold should I let my home get in the winter for my small dog?
Are my cockatiels eggs viable?
2 month old kitten care
Dealing with situational jealousy
moving with a stray cat
Dog eats the cat food, Cat eats the dog food
Hypersensitivity and Flakes at Base of Tail
Can a hamster be allergic to cats?
How big does my robo hamster cage have to be?
what's the best way to serve olive oil to a constipated cat?
How can I correct disobedience when my dog is frightened?
Betta fish is a dark blue but color keeps fading and returning quickly Why?
Uncontrollable Ammonia in an Apple Snail aquarium
How long do viruses live in aquariums?
Protective Dog or Aggressive Dog
Is it normal for a pregnant cat to have a hard stomach?
Is my cat considered aggressive?
What's the best way to preserve dry dog/cat food for long run?
I can't afford vet treatment, what are my options?
How to treat car anxiety in dog?
Why are my rabbits dying?
What are some good plants to keep around the house to keep my cat away from other plants?
What is this street cat trying to ask me for
How do we train our 4 month old kitten to stop destroying things while we're away?
Bettas with black dots on fins
Why did my dog started growling at one person?
Should I get the kitten which my friend wants to give separating from its mother?
What can I do to help my mouse be more tame?
Best pet for a blind person
Kitten still not friendly even after 5 months
Why is the hair on my dog's back getting much lighter?
Is it safe to get my cat on x ray machine?
5 month old kitten , still biting?
my dog won't eat kibble and tried to bite my roommate
Caring for a dog and its 11 puppies
Why do I see gas bubbles raising from plants after water changes?
How best to discipline a kitten?
Why is my rabbit / bunny angry?
How long should you wait after 3rd Parvo vaccine?
Recommendations on low-fat foods for pancreatitis in dog?
Cat is attacking my German Shepherd puppy (65-ish lbs, 6 months). What to do?
Tip of lopard geckos tail fell off, what do I do?
What is this tufty white spot on my goldfish's head?
How to deal with persistent fleas on a DLH cat
Red eared slider laying eggs into the water
Vivarium Tank Moving
Is nail clipping a kitten any good ?
How to stop my cat from scavenging, eating carpet, placemat, cord, etc
How accurate is dog DNA testing?
Cheap Vs Expensive Kitten Food?
Why are horses broken in when they are grown up?
How to prevent my cat from deconstructing cat fountain
How and what to feed my Betta community tank?
Something on my cat is biting me
Is there a genealogy test for pets?
Will hedgehogs break and eat hen's eggs?
What can go wrong if people carry 1 week old kittens alot?
What is the best dog repellent?
Remedy for dog digging in yard
How to remove poop from a cat if it's stuck on some hair that's stuck in her butt?
Why is momma cat chewing kittens figers till it bleeds?
Seriously violent fights between cats that have coexisted peacefully for years
Dog peeing only when I leave
How cats differentiate between cars and animals? They are not afraid of cars but are afraid of large animals
My cat hides when I move
How can I stop missing my dog?
How many hours should a cat sleep to be healthy? What are the effects of less and more sleep? Is it same for feral cats?
how do i get my kitten to stop chewing my wires?
Red Cherry Shrimp tank mates
How to remove oil from the aquarium water surface?
How do I train puppy to avoid running into people?
Why does my dog starts drinking water when he sees people dancing?
Is my betta aggressive? Can she share a tank with other bettas or mollys?
What things can help keep stray dogs warm?
How to stop cat attacks
My praying mantis has stopped eating
My pitbull Julia - The biting machine
Dog running away with toy
Cat has bad tooth and won't eat but vet won't remove tooth if she isn't eating
Changing out aggressive fish species?
My Puppy started peeing in the crate, what should I do to make sure she doesn't pick up the habit?
My 3 year old cat's meow changed from a squeak to a meow
My Shiba Inu has been diagnosed with Double-Chambered Right Ventricle
How to make a kitten friendly with new kittens?
How can I get my hedgehog to be more interactive?
My 2weeks old kittens is probably ill
Our kitten has had constant urinary issues after an initial urinary infection, vet bills are exorbitant. Advice?
How to cure kitten whose eye is closed and dripping with puss?
I accidentally kicked my puppy in the mouth. Help?
I have had a cottontail rabbit
Is my hedgehog too agressive?
What makes a treat only suitable for a certain age range?
How to communicate with a cat?
How to efficiently catch my own fish?
Nursing kittens on adult male cats
How to teach my dogs not to wander on their own?
What should you do, if your leopard gecko's tail is half fallen off?
How high can an unprotected second level be in a hamster cage?
Is it right to have puppies locked?
An active dog suddenly started whining and staying at home for 24hrs
Why is my cat pooping on my bed?
Protecting my kitten against rabies after fighting with feral cats
Overly friendly stray cat wants to come in our house
Why do you need to clean a boar guinea pig's genitals?
Leopard geckos being housed together
Dog door training: he will go out but wont come back in!
How to dissuade my cat from jumping on my bed?
Getting my dog ready to Adopt a new cat
Dog Drinking and Peeing Habits - Cushings?
Turtle stopped eating food post accident
Koalas as pets in the EU
Can claw caps (like Softpaws) cause infections?
Adopting (rescuing) a pair of Big pet store Leopard Geckos that were raised by uninformed - Help
Pulling my cat back to bed
Heater problem in my 25gallon tank
Kitten eating clumping litter
Managing dog on furosemide (Lasix)
Why does about 4 week old kitten have orange diarrhea?
Bird sensitivity to metals
Cat becomes weak, a few weeks after giving premature birth
What is the life expectancy of a Mustache Parakeet?
Why is my dog suddenly peeing whenever she gets into the trash?
CO2 injection for Dutch style aquarium
Should kitten be isolated to one room?
Should I get fish from different stores if they might breed?
Kitten pooping in same spot
does one have to prevent a dog from being on the couch?
Do I really need 2 rats?
Why my cat uses paws to bring food from plate to floor and then eats it from floor?
Cat won't let me sleep at night
Are my cat and kitten fighting or playing?
How can I encourage my cat to eat after treated megacolon?
Why do fluidized sand filters need a prefilter?
A dog who doesn't want to have a walk
Chihuahua is almost 20 pounds
Is it safe for my cat to carry/jump around with heavy toys in her mouth?
Kitten going potty next to litter box
Our family dog gets aggressive when my mother or sister are away for some days
Why do dogs chase and fight with cats?
How to make my cat understand that she is being scolded for doing a certain thing but not for staying at the current place
Is my guppy pregnant if so how long has she been and how long has she got left of the pregnancy?
When should I put my guppy in a breeding tank?
Why does mother cat attack me if I clean kitten's pee?
Why Do Dogs Hide Food?
Cat suddenly scared and won't come in
Cat Exposed to Sewer Waste, Need Antibiotic?
How long can domestic rabbits live in wild
What is my cat trying to say and why is she refusing food from me?
Why do cats sometimes sound like crying babies?
2 things one when is my fish in my breeding tank gonna give birth and 2 is my grey fish pregnant?
pulling out her hair
Can I give moong dal (fried lentils) to dogs?
Can I give my cat large amounts of food before leaving home?
Is this normal for a pregnant guppy is it a sign?
How dangerous are lemons for a cat?
Can I produce fish food from overcrowding shrimp?
My little red eared turtle ate a dead gold fish should I be concerned?
Cat fell from window on his side
Looking for an automated aquarium
Will my cat grow out of suckling?
My cat bites me for no apparent reason
What causes cats to land on their sides?
How to tell if my beardie is girl or boy
How to prevent my cat from leaning down from balcony?
What factors should I use to decide when its time to euthanize my elderly cat with kidney disease?
My cat gets mean when her back is pet
Why is the nonpregnant female mouse (housed with a pregnant female) attacking me?
Strange dark scabbing near cat's nose
Spots on dog's skin
Swollen lump on dogs belly
How to train an abandoned dog to be calm when left alone
Why does my cat prefer eating on the carpet?
What's the hearing range of Djungarian hamsters?
Green Tree python refuses to eat
Cat is trying to get into the apartment every time we open the door
Why are my Mollie fry not growing?
URGENT: Foreign object removed, intestines patched, gut still shows fluid buildup. Going into surgery #3
Getting a cat to take zonisamide
Buying new rabbits, unsure if need neutering
What is this bump on my cat's lip?
Why did our Djungarian hamster stop using her house?
Is there a safe dose of vitamin D to give a cat?
Greyhound rash after pet boarding
Goldfishes died first night
Pet Spaniel Getting Aggressive When Being Sniffed
What is the Nitrogen Cycle? What is 'cycling a tank'?
how do i know if my cage is to small (syrian)
What is the most effective least toxic thing to kill dog ticks?
Cat sinus infection? What should I tell sitter to look out for?
Can goldfish eat sea lettuce?
Suggestions to expedite a 7 week domestic kitten's tolerance of humans
why has my elderly cat has stopped eating any kind of catfood? example felix whiskas sheba.and any type ie;in jelly or gravy etc
What books explain comprehensively how to train dogs to be obedient and communicative using positive reinforcement?
handling pet mice that bite
Why my cat literally swallows whatever thread she gets?
Almond leaves vs banana leaves in an aquarium?
How to convince people not to buy, but adopt
Will my cat Mitch stop growing now that he is almost 2 years old?
Why is my dog Juno being so aggressive to my other dog Lexi
Betta Lying on the bottom of tank not eating
Rat has been violently itching till it bleeds, what can I do?
Kitten suddenly wont use litter tray
Where do you keep aquarium plants until you plant them in an aquarium?
Sudden start of agression
Giving Azodyl to my cat
My Australian Shepherd is Afraid of Snow Plows and Garbage Trucks
Why does my dog like to wallow with corpses?
What is an ideal age gap for between parrot friends?
Betta lying on bottom of tank?
Where is the best place to buy a Cockatiel?
Could my dog be a chimera (hybrid)?
Leopard Gecko Dying
Why does one kitten love his toy, but the other is scared of it?
I feed my cats wet food in tthe AM and PM and they always have dry food is that OK
Chasing Fish after feeding
How can I stop my rabbit dropping territorial marks?
Dog has issues to stay home alone after move
Puppy not paying attention when excited
Why did my childhood cats do this?
Which dogs shed the least?
Cat keeps meowing to go in forbidden room
Introducing 2 Cats Of Same Age (keeps fighting)
Dynamic location for crate potty training
Why is it that if it is me and not my mom giving dry cat food, she will wait until I disappear from her sight?
My indoor kittens are leaving grimy stains on everything
Is it safe to keep bonobos as pet?
Ten Month Old Puppies, Jumping and Peeing
Palty pregnant fish
3 tetras and a betta
Why are all pups born at the same time?
Help with house breaking a Malamute puppy
My kitty likes to lick my hand/feet but then want to scratch it
Is it safe to let my cat sleep completely covered in blanket where oxygen supply becomes very low?
How do I stop my cat from getting scared when guests come over?
How to know if my pet emperor scorpion is pregnant?
Are crows good pets?
My pet emperor scorpion is not eating
How to take proper care of a Javanese Jungle Scorpion?
Why does my cat attack everyone?
Dog breed variations - can average weight be wrong?
Is my guppy pregnant......? How do I know how far she is?
How often should I feed a pregnant cat?
Dog seems excited to meet other dogs but then attacks them
Biting and fur pulling while playing
Wire Tank Topper/High Rise for Leopard Gecko?
Why is my cat afraid of the vacuum?
Substrates for a one month old bearded dragon
Puppy became very thin in a day
How can I keep my 9 year old spayed female chihuahua from masturbating?
Biting my other dog's tail
Is dry food completely uniform? My cat always leaves half and wants more
Should I get a small animal or a dog to take to college with me?
dog has skin sickness
My dog poops in the house to let me know she's mad
How often do different breeds of dog poop?
Why my cat loves to drink ice cold cow milk and is it safe to offer so?
What are good Cat enrichment toys?
Do small parrots poop more frequently than large parrots?
Puppies coughing as if something is choking
Developed serious allergy to beloved cat
Can yawning be transmitted across species by pets?
What wormers are safe for pregnant mares?
What is a right time to start training a puppy?
Why are feral cats slowly blinking back at me?
What could these spots on my bearded dragon's nose be?
Is it ok to give my cat tuna flavored cat food?
At what age does dog aggression typically start showing?
Why don't dogs get sick since they will lick anything?
Is this eye gunk on my Leopard Geckos eye a concern?
Cat has lost his meow
Why are my fish always scared?
Pet Insurance: with no pedigree for a street-rescued cat, is it necessary to disclose suspected but unconfirmed breed?
How to play with my cats?
Are there any good, inexpensive methods to reduce the amount of litter I'm exposing myself to?
My Cat tried to Tuck me in bed. What does it mean?
How to properly take care of pet slow loris?
Is it safe to put a plant in a bird's cage?
Can/Should I take a feral/stray cat with me to a new house?
What are the risks associated with keeping woodlice at home?
Should I consider a Maltese or English Bulldog with children (ages 3-11 years)?
What to feed an underweight, heavily pregnant young horse?
Covered cat litter box with space?
What happens when your dog eats a lot of Galliprant?
Dog sudden aggressive towards dogs shes played with before
Best way to interrupt a cockatiel's brooding
Can I treat a kitten with medicine (Amoxicillin) that I already have at home?
My cat is not eating, will he starve to death?
How to help a stray mother cat, who wants to come inside
What can I do for a stray cat having an eye infection
Where do puppy teeth go when they drop?
Dog food change reducing the occurrence of anal gland smell
Why do my Glofish Skirt tetra stay on surface after 30% water change?
Can I rename a dog I get from a shelter?
How to stop stray dogs & puppies from following me
My 2 Year Old Chihuahua cries loudly after I leave
What do I do with my dead fish?
Is paw stroke a playful behavior for a cat?
How To House Break a Stubborn Rescue
How do I discourage my brother from getting a dog?
I scared my cat; now she hisses and growls at me. What should I do?
How much water do betta fish need?
Does anyone know what brand of dog toy this yellow, miniature, plush, duck toy is?
I have had my bearded dragon for 5 years and dark patches appear now?
Help: My German Shepherd has lost his spark
Is my Betta Sick?
My dog has very reflective eyes but no night vision!
Why doesn't my kitten hunt like others?
Best way to adjust fish tank water chemistry
Yellow Hawaiian Tang Bullying and Killing Everything in the Tank!
How do I keep ferrets out of my aviary?
Why is does my marginated tortoise have a soft shell
Vet lost cat's microchip information
Fantail goldfish looks bloated - Does this mean he is sick?
Neutering a kitten at 9month age ?
How to get my spayed 4 year old Tom cat to stop fighting the neighbourhood
How to put rabbit in cage without scratching me?
Dog whining digging garden
How do I deal with my kitten's hype?
How to minimize litter being tracked out of a custom litter box?
Is Cystone effective against UTI?
Washed the cat with human shampoo, Help!
How do birds keep their heads in a fixed position, just like a Gyro/Gimbal?
My dog bit a puppy
Cat Sub-Q Ringer's Solution: Not DPHV Free?
Does three month old labrador need a coat in winter?
Help to mellow my cat out so she stops biting my dog
How much fur does a cat shed?
Can a house get too hot for tropical fish and what precautions could we take?
Plant for cat to eat that she won't vomit?
German Shepherd barks non-aggressively at children
Is my lighting correct for a Bearded Dragon?
My cat is afraid of me and plays aggressively
Injured semi stray cat
New Cat stuck under kitchen cabinet
My aquarium heaters don't appear to be working?
How to befriend 14 week old kitten
Female cat runs away thrice a week until I bring her back
How to make my dog walk with me?
How high a PSL is considered normal in cats with no other symptoms of pancreatitis?
How can I mark my own territory and communicate this to my pet rabbit?
My baby guppie is having trouble swimming
Preparing to Leave Puppy Home Alone
How to make my dog pee inside our apartment
Why wont my dog play with his toy anymore?
3 month large breed puppy thinks it's ok to pee in the house
All of a sudden my cat is not eating, not drinking, walking slow and hiding. What's wrong?
Moving houses with 15 cats
Fearful 3-year-old adopted cat
Is it safe for cat to eat poisonous spider?
Puppy Won't Stop Howling When 10 Feet Away
Existing puppy (18 months) scared of new rescue (between 2 and 4 years) - will this stop?
What breed of cat is this?
Spayed female cat pees on bed
When are dachshunds' nails unhealthily long?
Puppy does not seem to understand that she is not suposed to pee inside
A single parakeet and an older cat - good idea?
Co supply with Kh 0 - ph effect
Baxter's Downfall
Do plecos eat fish poop?
Traveling across country with red eared slider
Noisy canister not pumping
Is it okay if I put my turtle a UVC light instead of UVB?
How do you empty clean and disinfectant an aquarium that contain sick fish?
Livestock guardian dog
My 7 Months of Golden Retriever Pees inside when he's alone
Why are my turtles eyes closed all the time?
Is it harmful to let cat groom synthetic fur toy?
I don't feel like I'm enough for my cat
Malamute puppy - aggressive resource guarding
Clipping he's claws
Spayed cat recovery question
My dog wont eat unless it is in my hand
Cat meow is inaudible
Juwel Filter Pump Too High?
How to introduce two aggressive dogs to each other?
Microscopic like bugs or parasites in my tank?
Is it safe for 15lb Min-Pin male to play rough with my 5 pound female Chihuahua
Can I put new born platies with neon tetras?
Helping stray animals in India
Curious cat in an apartment
Is this normal behaviour for a cat?
Feeding snakes skinned rabbits
How to prevent wastage of food by my cat who loves to play with her food more than eating it?
Sand to Clay Ratio for Horse Footing
Why is my cat so mean to me when I leave for long periods of time?
What can I do when my leopard gecko will not shed?
Baby Leopard gecko burrowing?
When do I know they're ready to give birth
Can two unvaccinated puppies play together?
Why does my roommate's cat like me so much?
Should I feed my cat whenever she asks?
How do kittens know mom is near without seeing?
Large, short haired breed in Canadian Winter
How would a pitbull do as part of a livestock guardian team?
How to deal with a dog that barks at people when the owner is not present
How to stop my younger male cat from attacking my older female cat? Both are desexed
Is it really necessary to have a litter box for every cat? If so, why?
Hair shedding from upper body while lower still have long hair
I'm wanting to have a female Betta sorority and Corydras- would that be over crowding?
Does store-bought coral come from coral reefs?
Discolouration at the top of dragon's tail
Cat's back twitching A LOT for over 4 hours now
Which light is good for aquarium turtles, UVA, UVB, UVC?
Why does my relative's dog stay between me and home on a walk?
First time beta owner please help
Cat meowing when playing
My dog doesn't eat food himself
Neck biting without release during play
Cat bites my face at night and when he seems happy
How can I train my paranoid dog to NOT bark at every stranger she meets?
My cat is stressed, can it come from my depression?
Neutering incisions
How to get rid of worms in my tank?
My dog drinks water like he never gets any and drinks his pee
What size should a dog toilet area with weekly cleanup be?
Is this ringworm?
Kitten hurt from bite/scratch developed swelling and bald spot on head. Has she got some disease?
Why does the Indian Pariah dog go into heat once a year?
Cats: Dry food vs Wet food
What problems does inbreeding with chickens cause?
Betta has a large black spot
How much Dry and soft(canned) dog food to feed 180 lb. E Mastiff?
Will a Norwegian skogkatt (forest cat) feel good in Sydney?
Why does my dog have aggressive bursts?
I think my Betta has dropsy but I'm not sure?
Dog barks only when she thinks she's alone
Will cats remember me after 4 months?
(Re)introducing a new dog
I have a mutt with a weird body shape. I can't seem to find a winter jacket that fits him
When to euthanize a sick goldfish?
Goldfish-unknown white marks
Puppy staying with its mother longer
Dog refuses to move during walks
How do you keep your household pet/s away from your toy collections?
Platy has been pregnant for over a month
My leopard gecko is not eating
Male + female: who to neuter, who to spay
Problems at the food bowl
how to give first aid to treat open wound in kitten?
How can I keep my dog from going stir crazy while recuperating?
The curious case of the cannabis cat?
Can dogs recognize their siblings or parents?
my leopard gecko come to shedding her skin is white .pass a 15 munites she have a normal skin . I dont see she shedsing before
My (older) dog is driving my roomate/neighbors crazy
Puppy potty training, should we keep using pad or crate dog to reinforce only outside potty
Betta laying at bottom of the tank
How old is my kitten?
My snake has started shedding, but seems unwilling/unable to finish
Dog skin disease
My 8 yr old staffie has a weeping rash on his legs and really bad under his penis
how to know if my cat get broken hand
Homes needed in June
Why do my dogs only lick me instead of each other?
What is the best way to clean soil substrate in my aquarium?
Crating puppy first night
My betta fish is now lying on the down of my bottle
How do I read my new tropical fish thermometer?
Flea treatment toxicity when mixing flea treatment with shampoo?
Betta has red on tips on fins, laying on bottom of tank often
My 5 month old cat suckles on me while I sleep
How can I make my cat less lethal?
Weak, collapsing back legs on young foal
How do I calm my boyfriend's overly excited dog?
Why does one of my dogs refuse to poop on our walk, but instead in our backyard?
Are there breeds of cats that are more social than others?
Are there breeds of dogs that don't require walking them?
How to litterbox train an adult dog, that has not be previously housebroken?
How to retrain dog to come when called, indoors or outdoors
how to train my dog not to be a bully
Can I leave my gerbils' sand bath in their cage all the time?
pregnant guppy?
Why Does My Kitty Howl/Yowl When Digging Under Bed Covers
What are the potential risks (to the dog) from having a child ride it like a pony?
Does my cat have eye worms?
Bird breeds for beginners?
Dropped and lost Vitamin D3: affect on dog?
Puppy sleeping on a different room
Cats third eyelid showing and could it mean a contagious infection
Won`t Work For my Betta
Adopted a brother and sister cat. The sister won't stop squeaking and meowing at night
Is Cotton Wool an acceptable substitute for Hamster bedding?
I'm changing my dog's diet, is this ok?
How to keep my dog from eating really fast?
My cat starts meowing constantly when someone is sleeping with the door closed
I raised my cat since she was born and now she doesnt like me?
Letting the 2 cats fight? or keep them separate in separate closed rooms?
Is it possible to train a collared dove for "rock climbing"?
Cat is having a freakout, what is wrong with her?
Use glycerin to help your gecko shed?
I just read my Hognose snake is venomous. Should I be worried?
My praying mantis wont molt? Its been 3 months?
My mantis won't eat
Cat's fur not growing back after surgery
My five month old kitten is still drinking mommy's milk?
Male approaching female frequently!
Dog does not respect me, like or trust me now
Does my dog need to be groomed?
How to soften dogs crusty eyes?
Neutered dog mating with undesexed female
Neighbor's cat coming back for kitten
What options can I give my dog to stop her peeing in the house?
how can I calm down my scared cat?
Can I use any type of wood shaving for my hamster
Can my rabbit be harmed by e-coli on Lettuce?
My Cat Loves Human Food
How can I cure my red eared slider from fungus infection
How to give nasal drops to a very shy shelter cat?
Is there a way to repair apple snail shell damage?
How old does my bearded dragon have to be to tell the sex?
Good iPad games for dogs?
Why does our cat display her belly?
Changing cat food necessary if no better results in coat?
Cat biting me, seems odd
Should I worry about a kitten who is the result of inbreeding?
Can my cat go without wet food for two days?
Rabbit breeding
10 week Havachon menace, tantrum crying/howling in crate and playpen constantly, compounded by biting
How to teach my 2 year old dog to use a potty patch?
When will my momma platy give birth?
Kitten is suddenly paralyzed, refuses to eat and leaves
Should I pull the dead skin off my gecko's eyes?
French Bulldog very itchy
Is my kitten long or short haired?
How to cool a dwarf hamster in hot weather
Can my laboratory rat be ill?
What is this weird pimple on my cat's skin?
Is it good or bad to get a puppy from a mother who has had her first litter?
My guppies appears to have fin rot.. can I treat the whole tank?
Will my cat have long hair or short hair
My cat always hungry
Is it possible to breed nightcrawlers (Lumbricus terrestris)?
Does my stray kitten have neuro issues?
Sick Baby Leopard Gecko
How many pets can I keep in an aquarium?
How does pet dog ownership vary (if at all) in western countries by ethnicity?
Problems with cat hiding and stressing from overnight guests
Newborn kitten, cold and won't nurse
Why is my crested gecko is trying to burrow and eat soil?
Can I Use Rainwater to Generate Reverse Osmosis Water for Fish?
Is wooden worktop oil safe for cats?
3 year old male cat keeps attacking 24 year old female cat
Dog strange behavior before pooping
Are the dead maggots in a wound dangerous to the dog?
Betta fish question
Why do the baby crows I raised not approach me as adults?
Need help choosing a chiller
Do bats eat their babies?
What to feed kittens that are only a few weeks old? (Their mother died)
Chew proof rope for cats
Should a mirror be removed from a budgie cage before socializing it with others?
Is Elizabethan collar likely to cause very melancholic mourning or should I suspect of something else?
What to do about our two male cats?
What's wrong with my gourami? Has she been bitten, or is she ill?
How to feed stray/wild cat
Are vertical dog seat belts safe
Are Terrapins sold in the UK?
My cat's rear end smells like acid
Dog peeing in the house while we are outside
Arthropods That Bond
My dog licks my other dogs mouth
how do i keep my goldfish tank's bottom clean?
Kitten Worries and Questions
Can spider habitat be repurposed to be used as an aquarium?
Help. A common goldfish living in 3 gallon tank
Is the way I moved my fish to a new tank ok?
My cat is acting strange
Kittens Playing or Fighting
How to help a wild baby parrot who cannot fly?
Is my tank overstocked with Goldfish?
For an adult, housebroken dog, is it okay to not have a crate?
Corydra with injured barbels stopped eating?
How can I train a cat to walk/hike with me on my shoulder?
My dog consistently wakes up about an hour before I do
My koi fish ate a piece of gum
Plants suitable/safe for a hamster?
Sick leopard gecko declining rapidly - Mouth Rot, irritated skin etc
Aggression between desexed male rabbits
How/why is Nonstick cookware fatal to birds
My rabbit is bleeding!
My cat stops functioning when I put a harness on him. How can I get him more comfortable in it so that I can take him outside?
my cat wants to play
My bearded dragons Sex
Outside reaction to dogs
Do cats prefer transparent or opaque litter boxes?
Are dogs much less sensitive to high noise than humans?
When breeding two purebred dog types, does it matter which parent is which breed?
How do I deal with my cat puncturing my skin when I pick her up to cuddle her on my lap?
Why did this fish kill my Kissing Gouramis?
Dog gets upset with any motion on the television. How can I desensitize her to it?
What do I do with my juvenile leopard gecko while going on vacation?
Cultures where dogs are not being walked
How large of a space do cats need before being introduced to full house?
How can we protect our female cat who gets harassed all the time by at least 6 tomcats in our garden?
Husky puppy if I have cats: Yes or no?
Two cats get along but end up fighting when playing
Air pump selection
What are the implications of one cat vs two cats?
My kitten keeps peeing on a specific place outside of his litter box
Identifying a cat parasite
Skittish, hissing kitten
Are cat tracker devices too heavy to put on a cat's collar?
My rabbit is suffering with splayed front legs
Does a pet boa/python measure the owner by lying straight?
How can I get my cat to stop scratching my window screens?
Malinois in an appartment with enough exercise: Feasible?
Why does my gun dog like gun shots but not fire works or thunder
Leopard gecko got calcium in eye
My dog when left alone in a room while poop and eat it. Even after walk (with #2)
My cat loves coconut oil. Is it safe to give him some?
Recently adopted 4 month old pomeranian puppy, I am concerned about his behavior
Can cat/dog fleas breed on rabbits?
Is it ok to adopt a kitten if you have a murderous cat?
Temporarily housing another cat
Dogs Cotton Allergy
Cat behaving like dog, is it of any particular breed?
Cat keeps peeing out of fear
What are normal pH fluctuations, and what could be causing extreme fluctuations?
Why is my Betta fish lying at the bottom of it's tank?
Adult "house trained" Dog Using Bathroom While In Crate
Cat: Sanitary Issues and Peeing Outside The Box
Temporarily Adopting a Problem Dog
Why my mom's cat starts crying if my mom is out of her sight even for 10 minutes and is there any way to pacify her?
Planted Nano Aquarium Experiment
Half-combed cat
Cat has acute episodes of extreme ALT levels. Vet and we are at a loss as there's no obvious toxin access, looking for weird or uncommon ideas
Is my female guppy pregnant? About how far along if so. I just bought her a week ago
Washing cat toys made of fabric/absorbent material
My cat prefers people food. How can I feed her people food without leading to nutritional imbalances?
Pet-safe adhesive
Cat - How much time does anti-heat injections take to take effect?
What is this? I just pulled this out of my cat almost like a pimple
How do I check if a dog is vaccinated?
Trying to get a good night's sleep with an overly affectionate cat
Can a cat get a sexually transmitted disease?
Keeping cat safe and comfortable while moving
Cat missing part of tail, is that a problem with communication?
Cat - Fix poor coat
What does it mean if my 5 year old cat isn't eating and has changed behavior?
How do I keep my cat off my keyboard while not discouraging her from seeking attention?
Kittens not getting along
How to keep my cat from sitting on my computer ventilation hole?
Dried Valerian Root be used as a substitute for fresh root?
How to keep a dog pool insect free and safe to drink?
How to deal with a hell hound
Rhodesian Ridgeback Liver Nose Health
Sleeping cats in the bedroom
Nippy conure wants lots of affection
Changing behavior help
Phosphoethanolamine for dogs
My 12 yr old cat is very sick
Pustules in ears and eyes of an abandoned rabbit (appearance and dissapearance)
When to take your cat to an emergency vet?
Issue with fearful/anxious dog I occasionally petsit
What types of wood and leaves in Southern Ontario Canada can my Rabbit eat?
Can my kitten die from playing too hard?
Older kitten (4 months) bullying younger kitten (2 months)
Mother cat won't care for her newborn kitten
Gender of kitten?
Moving to a house where a dog lived?
How much tuna is safe for a cat?
Black dots on betta fins
How to get a good picture of pet fish?
What should be done to a new young cat?
How concerned should I be that my cat only goes to the toilet with long breaks and at my wife's urging?
How do you win a scared/wild-ish kitten over?
How do I win over a large protective adopted dog?
How do you tell a wild rabbit from a release domestic rabbit in southwestern Europe?
My Dog Has Started Growling at Specific Guests
How to stop dog from entering kitchen
Caterpillar has stopped eating - what can be done?
My rescue cat is afraid of me
Camponotus queen ant eggs turning brown
I lost my friend queen
Do conures replace all of their feathers when they molt?
One cat doesn't understand the other is just play-fighting
Completely Self Sustaining Aquatic Environment in a Sealed Jar
Massive koi pond death non apparent reason--Need help!
Plants for dirty/algae ridden goldfish aquarium
My Cat is Rejecting His Food
Pet not eating and lost weight
Leaving an American Eskimo dog at home regularly
Leaving an American Eskimo dog at home with another person while on vacation
How to get rid of matted hair in cats
Betta Fish. Girl or boy
What's the safest earlier age a foal can be vaccinated against tetanus and strangles?
Meowing and running
Dog Sitting: drop-off vs pick-up
Why has my 8 Month old Puppy started to whine?
One of my dogs attacked my other dog after killing and eating a rabbit and again after killing a coyote
Our dog accidentally ate pimobendan
Why does my pet dog bite and drag my other dogs neck?
Can I use a toilet flush valve as a water change system?
How can I encourage curiosity in an old bird?
Female rat suddenly having vaginal discharge
How easy is it for a baby yellow bellied slider to obtain an internal injury?
Dog peeing inside
Betta fish lying at the bottom of his tank
Male cats attacking female after 1.5 years of relative calmness
Is my kitten a boy or a girl?
Dog destroying wallpaper at one exact place only
My Dog stares into my neighbours yard
How can I remove waste from a tank with fry?
Help: Wild Rabbit
What can we do to encourage our elderly dog to be less yappy?
How much deviation (if any at all) is acceptable when housing amphibians?
Cat meows for wet food in morning despite dry food being available
Treatment of wound
Is it healthy for newborn puppies to live on direct land?
Is it normal for a husky to shed large patches of fur in the summer?
Cat pawing for water
Male cat harassing his sister, causing her to hiss
My cat is terrified ALL THE TIME. How do I fix this?
Painted turtle hit by car!
Is this DIY doggy bath wipe safe?
Pug Allergy - Skin Rash
Do non neutered cats shed more hair?
Moving with pets: boxer, kitten and betta fish (1330 mile trip)
Vegan dogs and cats?
How long does it take for a worm to die after a toad eats it?
7 month dog growls/barks at anyone in the house when I am away
My dog gets aggressive to her brother
How common is this cat pressing forehead under human chin behavior?
Is there any way to determine dog gender by face?
kittens wont stop nursing on mother and is killing her. what do i do?
Will too many carrots make my pet bunny fart?
New 5yo Cat being introduced to 1yo siblings
Is the filter change necessary?
How do hunters control their beagles, terriers etc while working?
My Persian cat pee everywhere at home!
Shih tzu skin problems
Kitten is too thin - what can I do?
Besides collar where else can I put name tag on my cat?
Why are my tom catsleaving me?
What could happen if my 3 year old boxer does not reproduce?
How can I make my dog guest show that she needs the toilet rather than that she wants to go home?
Dog goes crayze on leash when sees other dogs
Should my dog be able to clean out an appropriately sized Kong?
House gecko for sustainable basement insect control?
Inactive and scared inside, rambunctious playful outside
My puppy at some dish soap mixed with water, is she OK/ what should I do/ what will happen (symptoms)?
Dog continually licking thighs
How do I tell if my female dog's neuter incision is healing properly?
When can I remove my dog's bandage?
GSD Female cancer when not mated?
New Guppy disappeared from tank overnight
Is this kind of puppy's stool normal?
How can I prevent a cat from scratching the top of his head?
Green water after refilling dry tank with no fish
Happy Betta Being Lethargic
Aquarium Salt and Pink Salt
Are there any GPS tracker that doesn't require simcard?
How can we find a dog to "test drive"?
Keep Gerbils Quiet
Maltese gasps after eating fastly, is that something to worry ?
Bulldog hates other small dogs
Cat pees outside of litter box while being treated for urinary tract infection
My cat still hasn't adjusted to the new house after 2 weeks of living here.
At what age do ginger cats start having black whiskers?
Fleas in washing machine water exhaust hose and fleas in pipes
Does my Betta fish look Ill?
Why does my dog want me to basically massage her jaw?
Really large dogs in Scotland; Which breed are they?
What are some good treatments to help a horse with strangles?
My German Shepherd has arthritis, how can I get her down the steps?
Feral cat keeps attacking my dog in our backyard, what should I do?
Koi deaths after hail storm
How to stop one cat from using another cats box
questions about leveling and positioning a 4 foot fish tank
Teaching dog to swim
Cat suddenly became paralyzed
Starting up a canister filter that has been off for a while
My Shiba goes for his toy after 30 seconds of petting
In the US what are the requirements for drug manufacturers for pets, to list side effects
How can I improve my relationship with my Husky, and it's living situations
any links between rabbies vac and pericardial effusion
Are cats aware that lilies are toxic?
Aggression in my 9 month old golden retriever
Why won't my leopard gecko eat?
Is hypoallergenic food the same as single protein food?
Suitable heat source for young blood python
Cat produces way too much mucus/slime
Dogs being bullied?
Are there any breeds of domestic cat that are bred primarily for their intelligence?
2yr old pitbull becomes demonic for fly spray, how can I stop this?
What alternative feeds to hay, grain and legumes can horses eat?
Bark collars and "shock therapy"
Exercise needed for a husky
Is this an abscess on this cat? What to do?
Why does one of my cats attack his siblings?
Teaching dog to bring Frisbee back
How can I make cooked fish more appealing for cat?
My cat is extremely picky
Cat licks face and ends it with a strong bite to the nose -- how to prevent it?
Younger siblings fed cat that is not ours and now the cat won't leave
Cat behaving badly
Is my gecko's lethargic behaviour due to a heating issue or something else?
Border collie puppy chasing cats: how much is too much
How to feed outdoor cats when you're away for a month
What kind of heating lamp?
My dog keeps scratching hot spots
My Adult RES climbed off the sink and fell on the floor. I need help. :(
Goldfish swim bladder disease? Please help
My Demon turtle
How do I tell if my goldfish is pregnant?
Why does my cat paw at my sheets?
My rabbit died yesterday not sure if its Heart Attack or maggots
Accommodations for a dog that is missing teeth
My cat hasn't pooped in two days what should i do.
Can domestic rabbits carry diseases if left outdoors for too long then brought in?
Safe for cats to drink from the aquarium?
Are Labrador's predisposed to ear infections?
How can I regain my dogs trust after losing my temper with her?
Can goldfish be trained?
Male cat attacking female cat
my star tortoise doesn't poop since last 8 days. Kindly help
Is my Betta dying or sick
Golden retriever: will fur grow back after infection?
Can an owl be tamed and deliver letters?
A nest of wild rabbits pretty much live in our backyard. Can we get a hutch for them?
I have been feeding three feral cats for four years
How stressing is it for fish when someone taps/slaps their glass?
Puppy great in public but bad in puppy class
What percentage of "lost" cats are actually eaten?
Old pup lunges at new dog
My dog has congestive heart failure and I am considering feeding him bone broth. Is this a bad idea?
Border Collie mix reacts to death of other family dog
Dog wont stop looking at light reflection/shadows
Is there an order in which a mother cat takes Kittens when she is relocating?
My cat vomited a big piece of plastic
What types of feed are naturally high in magnesium for horses?
Fish's fin got torn in garbage disposal
Can I use diluted essential oils to clean my house without causing harm to my cat?
Chattering weird noise!
Is it common for pet allergies not to be aggrivated until after you've left the house?
How common is cats' love for computer keyboards?
Do most domestic cats prefer to sleep at arms length of humans?
Do cats have a theory of mind?
Sick gecko who wont eat
Betta aggressiveness
Cat who is normally docile freaks out when a neighborhood cat comes onto our porch, despite getting along well with our other cats. Why?
My kittens treat whiskas wet food as poop
What are snake morphs?
Sick Betta fish whyyyy
Can goldfish jump out of water?
Is my cat happy, expelled by my step-mother and living in the garden?
How do I find a good Texas-based dog charity?
My snake died suddenly
Alternatives for kidney disease food
Can I own a Galapagos Giant Tortoise?
Could a robot fool an animal?
Frequency range of dog vocal sounds
Can dogs eat yoghurt?
My cat is terrified of me, can I repair the relationship?
What are these things on the paw?
Cat's family of my boyfriend has been scared of everyone for 13 years
Is this territorial or harsh play?
How do I help a dog with a swollen paw
Taken in neighbours cat - behaviour and keeping indoors
Is my cat pooping on bed stress or dominance
Is it possible to break a cat's habit to swallow treats whole?
Dog Attacks People he Knows on the Swing
Cat started peeing/pooping in front of toilet 2 months after new cat was brought in
Animal companionship?
One Hamster Needed Cage Size
Why is my cat attacking my face & what can I do to stop it?
Using pill capsules to give cat Atopica?
Why does my cat need me around to eat?
Face/Eye injury on a male adult rat
Is a carbon or cartridge filter necessary in an aquarium with a simple biofilter?
Budgies Beak Injury
My cat behaves very strange and apathetic and doesn't eat
My dog is old and dying, how do I convince him not to be scared of me?
Can snails and betta fish cohabitate?
Best dewormer for puppies
Is black cat hard to get adopted?
Springer spaniel short term lameness after high intensity workout
How can i prevent my cat from missing my roommate?
Boyfriend's dog peed on me
House breaking a 3 month old daschound that has never been in a house before now
Should I take any precautions after touching a dog with cancer?
My 2 cats never faught each other. When we moved, fighting was common. How could I resolve this?
Do leg braces help with older dog ACL tears?
Why does my kitten seem to be paralyzed?
Female dog suddenly timid around men, scared of everyone after moving to a new home
Saving fish from ick/ich
How to efficiently move a goat?
Why does my cat want to play when I pet her
Cat eating sweet things
My cat jumped from the balcony!!
What does this cat's tail mean?
FIP fluid too viscous to drain
Dog randomly trying to lick pee
Somethings wrong with my gecko
How much land required to not poop scoop for avg sized dog
Cat euthanasia. Kidneys shut down
Why did my gecko die?
New kitten is scaring off my dog
I wanted to know what all i should put in in the bottom of a bearded dragon tank
How do i stop my untrainable puppies from chewing on plush toy?
Are these fish eggs..and if so what should I do with them?
Why is my cat hissing and growling at his sister after just 30 minutes of separation
Rat is gasping and lying on the floor after being fed
Would a small amount of bottled water mixed in with an aquarium harm the fish?
My dog doesn't eat her dinner on time munches early morning
Taking care of a dog in Germany
Is my horse too cold?
Is this cat safe of inbreeding?
Is it possible to train a male dog to urinate either all at once or by only a few shots
Are these kittens boys are girls ? Need to know asap (sorry for bad pics they wont stay still)
Pink spots on African Drawf Frog
My cat is hiding and won't move
My 16 year old red eared slider hasn't laid eggs in years
How to care for scared cat?
AKC Registered Bloodhound with one partially-white foot. Can she take Ivermectin-based heartworm medicine?
Cat pees in the same spot. What can I do?
Strange black marks on cat
After 13 happy years together, one cat has suddenly stared chasing the other cat. Why is he doing this and what should I do about it?
Cat at the dorm sprayed on me
Can rabies virus survive outside host on grass or leaves under sunlight?
How can I stop by cat from coming on kitchen counter
Am I at risk of rabies? I touched a wet patch of grass but I didn't see any animal nearby
Would my work schedule rule out getting a dog?
Bulldog aggressive against small submissive dogs
Introducing old cat to new kitten
Cat constantly vomiting
How to rescue a puppy having maggots on his body?
Being able to stop you long time best friend's suffering yourself?
My Rottweiler puppy is sick
leopard gecko odd behavior-
Are bones really harmful to dogs?
Source of RHD2 found in Medina County, OH?
Betta laying on bottom
How do I stop my blind kitten from biting/clawing living things?
Have you ever wondered do animals also think like we humans do?
Am I losing my cat?
Which species of parrot learn things fast and make a great pet?
My cat is terrified of everyone other than me
Parakeet sudden death, trying to figure out cause
How often do female redeared sliders need to lay eggs?
Is my rabbit potentially sick and I need to see a vet?
taking care of newborn cats
I need advice on a vocally demanding dog
My 16 year old Lhasa
How can I teach my 5 months old blind kitten to use the litter box properly?
Cat loves to eat newly opened can food, but after a day or two hesistates to eat the food
Will pets stores test my aquarium water?
Is it true that cats having a baby seek refuge in other homes if they're abandoned by their owners?
Possible case of MBD in a leopard gecko
Is my betta getting old or is he sick?
My cat threw up after eating a fake succulent plant
My cat has perpetual dry nose - am I making the problem worse?
How can I make my cat use her house during winter cold?
What food should I give to African gray parrot?
Freshwater aquarium - many fish batches dead, LFS keeps claiming that water is 'perfect'
Diabetic dogs insulin injection intervals
Giardia infection, how long until safe beyond incubation
Is it safe to let a pet lick your face?
What is that in my red-eared slider's wound?
Rottweiler vs Presa Canario vs Cane Corso vs Bull Mastiff: How to choose?
Pulling hair the all over the body
Is there a slope of ramps that a cat will walk down, instead of jumping down from a high landing?
Why does my cat lick her belly until sore?
Does my fish look like she is ready to drop her fry?
Half-Moon Betta fish tail-fin is curled in on itself, what could be the issue?
Is my African Grey's beak too long?
why is my dog is always behind me?
How can I punish my forgetful cat?
How can I fix my relationship with my 7 month old cat after I've constantly abused her the past month?
Do Crimson Rosella male parrots learn quicker than their female counterpart?
How do I get my cat to leave my room alone?
Are rodent repellent devices safe for snakes?
Snails eggs accident
One of my dogs harass my other dogs, even though they are submissive
When and why do dogs "stop liking other dogs"?
A pigeons' nest doesn't seem to have a "bed" for the chicks, should I add one to it?
How i can stop my parrot bad habbit to not cut my shoes or sandal stone?
Retraining elderly cat to use litter box
What is a polite way to ask "What breed is your pet dog? Or what kind of mixture if he's a mixture?"
Knocking everything over
What should I have in my chameleon enclosure?
Handling my chameleon
Betta fish has become lethargic, his fins are ripped, and has some itching.
My dog adopted the Habit of Hand Feeding
Betta fish eating but stays at tank bottom
How can I help my cat throw up a stuck hairball?
How to stop cat from chewing socks and other soft objects?
Does a goldfish experience feelings of loneliness?
Dog and cat eating each other's food, what should I do?
My dog scratches at the floor during fireworks. What can I do to make him feel safe?
How to manage weaning a 4 month old foal?
Ratsnake with mouth deformity
My step mom has a American bull massive and Rottweiler mixed dog and he smells awfully disgusting
My second cat doesn't know how to play with my other cat and thinks that she's being attacked
Outdoor cat comes in and pees on my bed
Calm Dog became agressive towards a younger pup
How can I make my duck lay in the box
Baby leopard gecko not eating
Do typhoons cause pancreatitis in dogs and cat?
My dog swallowed a plastic bag of pie. What can I do?
My pet rat keeps hurting herself and I don't know what to do
Leashed Cat on Windowsill above fire escape
Will my bristlenose pleco eat aquarium plants?
Kittens drinking from a male cat?
Will my dog learn to avoid trees with thorns?
How to encourage my dog to clean his genitals
What color should I paint my barred owl house?
Will my dogs leg be healed if he has damaged his leg?
What to do with a bonded domestic rabbit and a cottontail
My dog builds a bed out of my pillows and other things off my bed when I'm out
Not sure whats going on... betta help please
Whats wrong with my Betta?
10 month old large breed crate time
My dog is really afraid of whistles
What can be done for my three year old, male, neutered cat based on the info below?
Can assissin snail carry rat lungworm?
Iontophoresis: does this method have any real scientific backing?
Is my cornsnake overweight?
How can I make my cats from stop fighting?
Why would defanged snakes not bite?
Got an 11-week male lab puppy. We live in NY city apartments and I am not sure if he has received any shots. I have a few questions
How can I help Dogs and Cats in a place without animal rights
Entertaining a house-bound high energy dog
How fast does a rabbit get attached as a pair?
Gentamicin drops safe for 4 week kitten?
Foot washing cat
Changing Hamster Food
Betta losing colour
Is it stressful for cats to be able to birdwatch/hunt from inside but never actually be able to make a kill (indoor only)?
Camping with two puppies in December
My cat loves to be petted, hates to be held
Black long fish that can swim upside down
Moving Feral Cats
Silvery fish with red eyes and neon fins
Why does my dog invites affection and then acts aggressive when the person turns to go?
Moving into new house, neighbours have sensitive dog
We have an 18 yr old male cat who has ALWAYS done his business OUTSIDE. We have recently moved house and he will now not pee or poop outside
what precautions should i do to protect my dog from little worms and ticks?
How can I give away my cats?
What is the level of effort for this fish tank?
Outdoor training my "too-good" dog
My cat has a wormy eye discharge
My hedgehog wont eat
Streamlining Aquarium for Frequent Travel
My dog hurts himself
Why is my cat eating so much plant leaves and young stems from the garden?
What should I do to make my cat active?
How often should i give bath to my cat? She feels so much afraid of water
Neighbourhood cat poops and pukes in my garden and driveway
Can dogs have almond milk?
Dog changing colors
Feeding guides help Kirkland for cats
Pet Mouse is Biting
What's the name an air-valve that automatically closes for a set period of time to allow air to pass down the line to other valves?
My cat buries his food. Why?
How can I keep my 3 month old leopard gecko warm
Impulsive and habitual hump in a GSD bitch, what could it be?
Is this protectiveness a sign of feeling threatened/afraid, or is this video just normal/cute?
Bearded dragon skin discolouration
Can dogs really die if they eat too much chocolate?
Black dots on my Crowntail Betta
My cat peed on my clothes!
Leopard Gecko Tail drop 1+ years ago not grown back
What are these discolorations inside my cats mouth?
Why does my cat acts weird and undisciplined in front of guests?
there an easy way to feed multiple cats? How do I keep one cat from eating the others' food?
How long to keep neutered dog from jumping?
How can I permanently get rid of ticks from my small dog?
What do you call the cat sound that comes out from the throat like "pigeons"?
Long-haired cat has poop caked on butt
My pet rat wont stop reopening his wound
Can a cat who only lives in a (small) flat be happy?
Why can my cat not sleep anywhere else other than my mother's lap?
What are these turtles doing?
Can rabbit and cat live together?
Dog cannot tolerate winters
How to ensure that while in a rough play session with my cat, the cat never gets distracted to any other human and starts to play rough with them?
Concerned About Skin Tags
What plant is this?
Why do the mother German shepherd eats her newborn puppies?
My cat attacked my pet leopard gecko and the gecko is probably injured, what to do?
My kitten is constantly sleeping or shutting the eyes. Is the kitten alright?
Do dogs get jealous?
Neutered bunny is marking the couch near the cat, help?
How do I clean an aquarium?
Large DIY Dissassemblable Cat Cage?
Highly aggressive kittens
My gecko won't open her eyes
Is it safe to give candies to my parrot?
I think my beta fish is sick, what should I do?
Is spinach bad for cats?
What are some green vegetables that I can safely feed to my cat?
How to prepare green vegetables before feeding a cat? Should they be served raw or should I cook them?
How many mollies and glofish can be in a 20g tank?
Does my cat have anxiety
How do I convince my cat not to be scared when the door to my room is closed?
As different kinds of cats needs different kind of food
Can I use hard surface protectant to prevent algal growth on my aquarium front glass? Is there something else that will prevent them sticking?
I live in an upstairs condo and my new dog refuses to go down stairs
What is the maximum age of cats?
How can I measure the weight of my cat?
How old can cat be a kitten
Why does my cat go crazy when I scratch her in certain places?
Should a puppy with its first vaccinations meet a dog thats not fully vaccinated?
Can I prevent my dogs from tearing up my yard?
My German shepherd puppy is out of control
Can dogs eat grapes?
Is it safe for my puppy to sleep in my bed?
My hairless cat is cold and shivering
How do I get rid of flies around my dog and her puppies?
Why my dog can't open his eyes full?
What do I do if my guinea pig has a swelled toenail? Is this rare?
What should I use to dye my dog's fur?
My cat demands a lot of attention
what do i need to consider when giving someone a pet as a gift
Keep the dog off the counter
Why is my dog eating grass, then vomiting, then eating it again?
If I make eye contact with my cat for a long time from close distance, she slaps me
Any tips for dogs jumping fence/wall?
Do hairless cats need bath? If yes then do they need some special hairless cat soap?
Is my rabbit spayed or not
Is it safe to put lavender oil on my dog's skin? If so, how should I dilute it?
Home remedy for coughing dog
My dog is involved in scabies disease
Which type of cats learn fast? Persian or any other?
Can I keep crayfish and guppy fish together in a tank?
Notices these bumps on my dog. Not sure what it is?
How to help my dog remember a long term human friend after just 4 weeks apart?
Why my cat responds instantly to any movement?
Can I give anti-rabies vaccine (PE Prophylaxis) to a 25-day-old puppy because he was bitten by a symptomatic rabid dog?
Fish disappearing in small tank
How can I warm up my budgies cage in winter?
My cat is not eating or drinking anything after the death of the fellow cat
I don't want to be petted. How can I get someone else's dog to ignore me?
How much water should I let my dog drink?
Strange hairless spots on my kittens
Why does my cat puke almost every time I refill her food bowl?
Our 13-year-old dog constantly chews the bottom of her paw or sucks on blankets
Dog shows me his teeth when I enter the room
Cat urination problem
How do I make a cat fall asleep?
My 7 month old Husky killed a rabbit today in our yard, will that make her aggressive going forward?
Dog behavioural changes on gabapentin
How can I make sure my cat is getting enough stimulation?
How do I make my turtle happy?
Small dog is scared of my cat
How do I safely bathe a chinchilla in their dust?
Rosy Boa keeps seeking the cold. Why?
Will my dog want to harm my guinea pig?
10 mth old German Shepard is aggressive/excited toward our cats
How to stop my dog chewing on everything?
How do I help to heal a bird that has fallen from its nest?
How to teach my cat to give death bite to rodents?
How do I get a pig into a wagon/trailer?
how to take care of community dog?
Will my dog remember his sister from 6 years?
Why has my fish laid eggs but is a platy?
Growing black stain in a dog's lower eyelid
special needs kitty! Hiding and won't come out. Should I have adopted her brother to
Need tips for a friends sick lab
What can cause a senior cat to have episodes of loud plaintive meowing?
Can Bettas have lazy personalities?
Do I need to re-vaccinate my dog for rabies after possible exposure to an infected animal?
Taking a new puppy out
Is it OK for cats to eat centipedes?
What is that white spot on my goldfish?
Bubbles on top of fish aquarium
My gerbil is scratching like crazy at the corners of his cage. Is that normal?
Picking a puppy when the dog mom is aggressive
Is this normal first day home behavior for my kitten, or should I be concerned?
Pet sitting best practice
Dogs adjusting to move strangely
Can i stop my cat being afraid of me?
Bunny pees on bed
My baby chickens are screaming and not eating normal food
Belgian Malinois training
Why does my dog lay down when he sees another dog?
What is this wound on my dog's leg? Help me please
Can cat understand if we try to communicate in cat's language by mimicking sounds that cats make in different situations to communicate?
2 male cats only one uses litter boxes
Will my runaway cat come out when he gets hungry enough
Dogsitting: 2-year-old dog refuses to pee outside, then deliberately pees inside
How will my cats feel about a weekend vacation?
Leo Gecko Too Cold During the Winter?
Should I add water to wet food to provide extra hydration?
Bloating in my 4 month kitten
Alternative for automatic dry cat feeder?
Swollen leg of red ear slider turtle
My cat just drunk one bowl full of water in an hour, is this normal?
My betta is laying as the bottom of the tank with its head pointed up, why?
Why is one of my male dogs drinking my other male dog's pee?
Cat goes crazy while grooming
Save my family from my cats?
How to make a cat comfortable towards a person with whom she relates a terrifying experience?
My 8 month old unsexed leopard gecko hasn't been eating properly for 2 weeks what should i do?
Do cat / pet sanatoriums exist?
Why our cat loves us most even though our maids feed her? Is it natural animal behavior?
What are reptile caves made off?
New rescue cat behaviour change
Overprotective cat wont stop attacking other cat
Older kitten feeding schedule
Why has my cat gained weight although he's on diet?
Whats the consensus
Lepord geko tail injury question (harsh pictures)
Is it both mentally and physically healthy for my cat to be kept like this?
Cat licks face while I'm sleeping
What to do when you have two large dogs and travel a lot for work?
My koi has an odd scale that my be infected but I can't tell??? How do I fix it?
Would flying stress my cats more than driving?
Losing Fish Though Levels Test Fine
Limping cat - bone tumor?
what could be the impact of unwashed aquarium sand?
My fish tank still smells a little of vinegar
How to move a plant aquarium, to another house, city?
training a dog to herd
Indian Tortoise all Puffy
Kindly help me choosing right silicone from my mentioned list
Does my dog want to play with the cat, or kill it?
What substrate/base should I use for this small fish pond?
Why has my dog started running out of our yard?
Can I give kittens kitten replacement milk even if they are drinking milk from their mum?
How often to clean fish tank with bottom feeders
Filtered water for my fish tank
How do I teach my dog to "play nice" with smaller dogs?
Why does my cat only bite my partner?
My new gecko is fighting my old one!
Is there anything I can do about a cat attacking my dog?
Can rabbits eat banana leaves?
Neighbourhood cat claiming our home as her territory
Betta with fin rot
My cat nibbles me when I scratch myself
Historical pet food recipes
Why does my cat meow at me when I Iaugh?
Suggestions for a leash reactive dog who reacts to random people
Kitty goes from cuddly to murderous without warning
Dog with red eye because sleeps with eye opened (photo)
Anxious dog howls and screams when we take our other dog out
Allowing puppy on couch
How to deal with violent stray dog
My cat have respiratory infection and it cant eat? it want to eat but cat smell it?
Hiding rescue cat will get comfortable one day?
Which causes more stress for a cat, losing its owner or moving?
My dog won't get tired
Does frightened cat drink a lot of water?
Is it safe to add medication in a fish tank if there is no sick* fishes?
Alternatives to walking a dog
Alternatives to cones?
Is it bad for the cat's health if I keep prodding my cat to play when she wants to rest or sleep?
Dragon scratching glass alot
Can horses eat yoghurt?
How to treat Queensland itch?
My husband built a 98 gallon fish tank. Is it normal for a chirping noise to happen
Mixed breed puppy, unique facial coloring
New cat's third eyelid showing when asleep
Turtle has red blood bubble in his tail
Allergic reactions to food
First time cat sitting - what should I do?
Is it possible to feed a cat a healthy meat diet?
Is that true that taking pills causes stomach discomfort or pain?
White patches/spots on my betta
Betta and geothermal water
Is my kitten growling at her sister while playing with toys?
Introducing harness/leash training to cats in a new space
How can canine erlichiosis develop into leukemia?
Is my Betta fish dying?
High Creatinine level in female Dalmatian
My cat has uncontrollable twitching on her back near her tail
My 8 month old puppy won't eat
Shy and nervous kittens are too scared to eat
Whats wrong with my Betta fish?
Fish keep dying, rogue homicidal fish or is my filter too powerful?
Dark Hairless Spot On Skin
How to help my cat in this situation?
Dog scared after near miss with traffic - how to get him used to going out for walks again?
Which nano fish for a big, colorful, community tank?
Acceptable temperature shock for aquarium water changes
Why does only one of my cats use the 'Litter Robot'?
What's a good method to give a cat a shot without assistance?
Diabetic and anxiety
Why does my cat eat thin plastic?
How should I brush my cat's teeth?
It's not the cats fault it's mine
Relocating two outdoor cats from New Jersey to Florida
How to make a cat remember where did he placed his toys?
Is raw pork bad for cats?
Dog keeps hyperventilating
How much food is too much for a baby bunny?
Will my cats properly settle down after taking them back to their old home?
Is silica sand cat litter dangerous to use?
I think my leopard gecko Luna is impacted - how can I tell?
Betta tail- Rot, ripped, or clamping?
How much depth of sand in litter box is ideal for cats?
Cats Tail Only Goes To the Right After Fall
My Gerbils don't know how water bottles work
Wanting to breed my rabbit once and then get them fixed, but is it possibly to then later slowly intergrate them all back together?
How do I stop my cat from peeing in her crate?
How to ensure that my cat always remains indoor, no matter what?
What does it mean when my cat makes this noise? (re-post)
How do I stop Screaming while riding in the Car
Feeding Geriatric Cat with Hyperthyroidism and Cancer
What could be this on gum of boxer?
Why does my nitrate level always read 0?
What's wrong with a cat who appears weak and refuses food?
How to prevent Kidney Decline in Cats?
My leopard gecko won't shed
Multiple Male Bettas in 200+ Gallon?
I have a pretty aggressive Betta
How to help my cat adjust to a new routine?
New Rubber Mat Stinks
My cat is still nursing kittens and pregnant
How to remove an emulsion paint off a cat's leg?
Cat ate small amounts of dried daffodil flower, should I be worried?
Stopping bad behavior/aggression
Could I leave 3 cats alone during a trip of 3 days/2 nights
What is this brown spot on my bearded dragon?
6 yr old dog peeing/pooping upstairs when alone at home
What is this on my dogs face?
Will 2 male dogs fight for dominance?
Relentless Nitrites
I just came back from Petsmart with 3 GloFish
My yellow rat snake was eaten by a live pet mouse!
I over correct my dog and now he's scared
Shrimp Breeding
Cat leaped on me while sleeping and bit my lip!
Cat is tipping over bed-side lamps during the night
Why the dog of my girl change the behavior when I am with him?
My dog has been acting strangely around one of my cats' butt
What's the most efficient way to burn my young cat's energy?
Why does my parakeet try to bite me?
Why did my dog pee on my sister?
could my cat catch something from this oddly-acting mouse?
Why did my mother cat suddenly attack me?
rats not getting along,rats too young?
Can cat food stay outside for a few days?
Betta fish and 2 small snails
My cat mixes up the floors in my building. How can I help him?
How long does "giving birth" last for a molly?
Milk seems to make the dog gentler and calmer -- why?
Cat poops in liter box, but ALWAYS pees outside the box
Cat staring at the wall all the time
Suddenly lethargic Antenna/ Suckermouth catfish
Does my isolated neon need a companion
cat has been acting strange for a couple of days (very worried)
Male dog was forcefully removed from female dog
Does this look like a purebred German Shepherd?
X-ray of my cat shows strange rib shape
Swollen cat lip
My mom having a surgery, wants cat out
How to treat and manage neck thread worms?
I got bitten by an almost 1 month puppy
Is buffalo milk proper for baby cow?
Dog with open wound on leg and no vet available
I'm having trouble giving my cat liquid meds with a syringe
Preventing hens from eating plants
Can dogs shed back to their original coats?
How can I deter with my cat's unwelcome guest?
What things are handy to have in a horse owner's kit?
Best tropical fish breeds and numbers for a 54l tank
Does Waterfall Discharge make the water 'cleaner' than surface discharge in a fish tank?
Does my cat have ringworm?
I have a thirty gallon tank with seven fancy goldfish
Injured street dog
My Cat was cross eyed, now shes not. Why?
Cat's nose leaking drops when pet
How do I fix BAD betta fin tearing?
Should I stop my dog from attempting to defecate more than needed?
Cat wont let kittens grow up
My dog after 7 years is now walking behind me; she now hates her harness
How to treat injured female pigeon?
Training for Canine Parking Lot Anxiety (?)
Leave a dog alone during night/daytime?
How can I rebuild my relationship with my cat?
How is GFO reactor better than PhosBan medium in the filter?
Dog has eaten plastic 'doggy' bags
Kitten will not stop urinating on bed after surgery
Bulldog skin problem
Snake died suddenly. I have no idea what happened
What animal can be kept in a tank just under 3 gallons?
Puppy barks at other dogs
Goldfish behaviour after medication
Alternatives for helping/treating swim bladder issue in betta
Attempts at stopping nipping - puppy
How can I find my cats' secret peeing spot?
In a multiple cat home, how many litter boxes should you have?
Neon Tetra went missing?
Microchip Registry questions
Training or Protection?
Plants for a brackish water tank?
Can i bathe my cockatoo with dettol water?
Hair Mats in 20 year old cat
My cat has been hissing at her sister after 4 years of being with each other
My cat is keeping his eye closed. Why?
Cat poops on floor each time my cat box runs a clean cycle
Cockatiel wanting head & neck massage?
Chopped a lemon then rubbed my cat, am worried
My cat is only interested in eating tuna or food she is probably allergic too
Pressure change when flying with cats
How does heat affect the relation between a mother cat and her child?
13 week old kitten will not stop sucking on me
What house plants do cats hate?
Sump Pump Aggression
Maine coon cat loves smell of menthol, minty, etc
how can i stop my dog from begging for human food?
Dog reactive seeing dogs on walks but fine meeting dogs indoors
"Josera" vs "Happy Cat" kitten dry food
Which home made foods/meals can dog eat?
Cat dislikes a person who they used to love before
One cat licks the other, but hates being licked
Can a pug be trained for extended hiking
Help! Rabbit has a circular bald spot. It's very red and has hardened
When should I use bleach to fix the issues in my fish tank?
My cat has lost his teeth and can't keep food in his mouth
Is it dangerous for a healthy cat to eat prescription diet?
What books explain most comprehensively the lure and reward method of dog training?
What to do when moving next to a bird sanctuary with a loosely-domesticated cat?
What arguments are there for lure-and-reward (with or without some use of a clicker) as opposed to "pure" clicker training with dogs?
Skin condition causing red spots and light hair loss
Adult cat not getting along with new kitten
I desperately need help with my cat
Have an older cat that lost her sister and now meows all the time, why?
My cats used to groom each other, now they are fighting
How to train my parrot to not poop on me?
Can I dissolve antibiotics and steroids in warm water for my dog?
Grain-free Options for Preventing Struvite Crystal Formation
Hair loss on stray cat's head behind ears
Is this dog a pitbull?
Scholarly article on health effects of spaying a dog
Scholarly article on the percentage of vets who recommend spaying/neutering
Is it normal for a dog to eat it's dead puppies when giving birth?
Is it possible for a cat to trust someone again?
What are the pros and cons of using a target together with a clicker in dog training?
My molly is nipping at one of the cherry barbs in my tank. What should I do? The barb is losing colour
Adult Golden Doodle needs to stay home alone for 10 hours on weekdays, having trouble with accidents
Want to buy sofa for living room. What to do about cats?
Dog won't eat without an explicit order
How can I get my cat to stop hissing at me even though she is comfortable around everyone else?
Replacing gravel plants and ornaments in fish tank
Why did my cat attack my eyeball when I was sleeping?
Can I get rabies from a stray puppy
Why is my kitten pooping and peeing everywhere?
Should I carry my elderly cocker spaniel out of the car?
Deaf cat screaming to get attention
Problems keeping stable PH in aquarium
Found this skink in my tomato plant bucket. Is he trapped? Or could he leave if he wanted?
Correct identification of "adult dog weight" when using dry food
What is the best way to keep lawn alive with two big dogs?
What is the life expectancy of Tarebia granifera?
Why did my bettas fins grow back curly?
My dog, Jack Russell, is jealous of others showing me affection
Urine of my 15 year old diabetic cat suddenly stinks
Is it safe to put a bow on a puppy?
Why does my African Clawed Frog keeps banging into the tank glass and pawing at the corners with his front feet?
Budgie plucking feather of the other
First time owner dealing with parasites in stool
Behavior of Cushings chihauhua who was taking Vetoryl and stopped medication briefly
Is my cat fat or does she just have saggy breasts?
Can I feed a cat wet dog food?
Clavamox possible overdose
My female Red Eared Slider, as far as I'm guessing, is gravid
Rabbit breathing very fast
Why does my female rotty stare down my female cat?
Can rabbits remember from long ago
Can goldfish have opinions?
How do I ensure the safety and good health of my outdoor rabbit?
Giving a Tame Budgie to a New Owner
Should I consider switching an older (around 10 years) cat and maybe soon-to-be-7-years cats to "senior" food, what are the benefits?
How can I maintain high levels of comfort and life quality for my outdoor rabbits?
Should I be worried about neighbours cat in relation to my outdoor rabbits?
How can I identify which cat is peeing on my bed, then what can I do about it?
Are we feeding our bunny enough?
my hermit crab is more active now
If the water quality is already perfect, do I need to wait any longer?
How do I maintain a population of daphnia inside a filtered tank
What's The Purpose of Hay Pellets?
I am planning to trim our budgies nails
Introducing a blind cat and a playful kitten
Puppy - How long to ignore whining
What boundaries are necessary for outdoor rabbits?
I can't tell if my betta is sick or not
Which types of fruit can I give to my dog?
Betta died of fungal infection, when can I add a new betta?
Is there a way to teach a dog a general lesson in Direction?
Is there a Professional Method of training a cat?
How to treat grass to prevent brown spots
Betta keeps swimming sideways
8 y/o cat is not eating or drinking, is not playing, is walking slow, and lays in the corner of our spare bedroom
Using glass pipe
Integrating a Kitten - Miaoing back
Racoons: What sort of protection do my rabbit enclosure need?
Betta sick; not sure what's wrong
My Dog and my Cats have fleas, and Im getting Bites, Is there an infestation?
Is Baytril antiinflammatory?
How Can I Get My Chickens to Integrate Into One Flock?
Cat has watery eye
6 month old cat still nursing
Dog chews the fur of its companion and vomits it later
What means "ad libitum" related to an animals diet?
How to raise PH in RO water? (with chemical compounds no commercial products)
is this overflow system gonna work?
How can I stop my cat from attacking my hermit crabs?
How do I stop aggressive behavior?
How can I stop my kitten from growing?
Cockatiel's lack of body feathers under the wings
My cat seems to think he is being punished due to being bandaged. How can i convince him it is not a punishment?
New male cat keeps attacking older female cat
kcalories to gram (pet food)
How to moderate dominant instinct between cats?
Goldfish unresponsive, what should I do?
Goldfish laying at an arch- what should I do?
What was my dog trying to communicate with this part-howl while meeting new people on a walk?
Can I fill my aquarium with the water from a purifier?
Can't handle my leopard gecko after trying many different techniques
Should we remove the infertile budgie eggs and box?
Cat siblings suddenly fallen out with each other
pet mouse just started biting
Can you use super glue on outside of fish tank?
How to relocate my pets with me inside the EU?
Colour for turtle pond
How long of silence/calmness to reward when crate training (9 week old dachshund)?
Does my cat know we're playing when I chase him?
How to handle pet cat's prey when they're injured
Is it possible to teach my cat to express what he wants though visual cues?
Can rabbits and guinea pigs eat sparrow grass?
What is this lump on my goldfishes head?
How to make home cooked food appealing and tasty to cats?
Raised white patch on the shoulder area behind bearded dragon's head
What the best way to get water up to temperature for a water change?
Dirty cat ears, is it mites?
How to help a cat that has gone suddenly blind
Does cranberry help cats with urinary crystals
My female dog(shih tzu), doesn't want to mate with my other male dog(shih tzu)
My new Leopard gecko turned grey and is cold to the touch
Dog is rubbing his chin on the carpet and whining
Do Hermann's tortoises enjoy mushrooms, are they healthy for them?
Pomeranian hair not growing back after shaving
Flea eggs or dander?
How to transport turtle and fish via airline?
How can I get my dog to stop burying her food?
Help!! My hermit crab molted but went missing!
Is my cat healthy, ill, or just getting older?
Is Rehmannia safe for dogs? Is it effective for arthritis?
rat tail injury
My koi fishes are dying every day
Why does my 10 month male kitten destroy everything?
Broke my Seapora AquariumController. What are my options?
Can you leave a pug/pug puppy alone for 7 hours
is 100g of wet food sufficient for 1 year old cats with different weights of course
Dog with Congestive Heart Failure - Rapid Heart Beat
Moving with feral/stray cats
Is this kitten a boy or a girl?
Which sex rabbit defines the size of the kits and which defines the quantity
How can I tell if my cat is in pain?
What cleaner fish should I include with my aquarium?
Chorkie - Posy Op - Red Blister
Can I keep my cat in his Thundershirt for a 5-6 hour car trip?
Discovered feral kitten is bitten. Should I abandon it?
Dog vs children
Recently adopted dog fur pattern changing? Is this normal?
Going on a Vacation with a dog, beach and sea
Neon tetra left fin looks snapped and white
Cooling aquarium with aluminum heat sink
My older cat hates the kittens
Kitten fast breathing while sleeping
How to make my parakeets not afraid of me?
5 month old dog keeps picking up older smaller dog by her neck
My cat loves faucet water, but not cat fountain...why?
Can pickle juice hurt snakes?
Does my dogs neuter incision look ok?
I accidentally hit my cat with a hockey ball. Do I have to go to the vet?
Can a stray kitten eat eggs?
I washed my cat with human shampoo
Substrate for Leopard geckos
Why is my betta hiding?
Senior Cat limping on hind leg (putting weight on it) sudden onset 3 days ago - see vet or wait? Possible causes? No signs of abnormality
How to introduce new cats with my only cat?
Is it Okay to feed stray cats ground beef?
Any idea what this growth is on my dog's belly?
How can I provide intellectual stimulation to my cat other than through food?
Will my cat have short or long hair
How do you stop 3 month old kittens from nursing
3 mo. old dachshund puppy is quiet in crate for an hour, then starts barking
Cat pooping under the bed
Hard or soft side carrier to bring a cat on international flight?
Active wildlife outside the window- Good or Bad for Cat psychology?
I heard I can't shave my cat's fur because it affects its ability to cool down. Is that true?
Sisters dog has a fungal infection on the belly
My guinea pig is either scared or is excited by my cat?
Black Lab SWOLLEN LIPS?
Older dog aggressive towards new puppy
What should be fed to rat babies with no mother in their first week?
Got a new betta and he's swimming and drifting on his side. Does he have a swim bladder disorder?
Is it ok to feed 'idly' to my budgie?
My rabbit gave birth 4 days ago, and I can still see babies moving in her tummy, will she have a double litter
possibly new cat in the neighborhood
New betta problems- unaware of cycling before new tank
Something appeared below my cats eye in 12 hours
Introducing a new budgie
Strategies to prevent a single rabbit from getting lonely when its owners are on holiday?
Will adding olive oil to my cat's kibble solve his dandruff issue?
Moving feral cats food
How to move a feral cat
How do I make my cats scratch their scratching posts?
How can I help my sick leopard gecko?
Should I adopt a stray kitten even if it's too much responsibility?
Confusion over the term pit bull/terrier
Why are some black dogs called blue?
My dog killed puppies and started attacking other dogs
Is the FDA's announcement on luxury brand, grain-free dog foods implying the food simply is not complete?
Will my hamster take damage if I film him with an IR camera?
What kind of food should I give to my boxer that is healthy and not expensive?
My cat has strange scabs in her ear
Can a Shrimp be a pet?
Could these two of three kittens be premature?
Is this white spot on my Black Moor something I should be concerned about?
How to make a ladder for hermit crabs?
My leopard gecko is sick i think?
What is my apple mystery snail doing? (Male)
HELP my very newly adopted cat hasnt eaten, drinkin and pooped in the first 12 hours
What are these?
Letting indoor cats out for the first time
How important is bloodwork before anesthesia?
Moving Stray Cats Feed Location A Couple of Blocks Over
Can I take my mini-pig to the beach?
ADF and Mystery Snail Emergency Tank Transfer
Why does my cat cry outside the window when it is open enough for her to come inside?
How do I encourage my cockatiels to feed their babies when they will just only sit on them?
Two cats ganging up to bully another
How do wild muscovy ducklings get in and out of an elevated nest?
Should i get a new companion for my rat or? (Graphic)
Why are my 6 flame tetras not swimming like normal?
MY GOLFISHS ENTIRE WEN IS GONE!!! PLEASE HELP!
Can feral cats be moved?
How to transition away from dog walker?
Why is he so small?
Why did all my goldfish suddenly die?
Black molly female om ground but eating
Bearded dragon has weird mark on mouth/beard area?
How to socialize unneutered female and male rabbit, before or after neutering?
Can anyone tell me if the think my platy is pregnant?
Why does cat scratch me when I'm clearing her litter box?
Setting up new fish tank for new fish - will using decor from my existing tank help spur the bacteria growth process?
Help with kidney failure in dogs/not eating
Is Ball Python Hungry or no?
Is this fin rot or just him tearing or biting himself
Is my platy pregnant?
Why do my aquarium plants appear like they are mummified?
Is there a dog safe method for tanning animal hides?
I used too much tetra pond algae control, and now my koi are dying
Why is my dog so anxious at night?
Sure telltales to tell a terrapin is a yellow-bellied and not a red-eared
Betta fish with black dots on his body after vacation
Cat eye infection
Is it harmful to leave my bird uncovered at night?
Can I leave my Red Eer Slider turtles alone for 4 days?
Replace chair straw with cat-resistant material?
Puppy pees when touched or scolded
Is it a good idea to get a kitten for an elderly woman?
How to treat a 20 year old cat with pancreatitis?
Preferable flows in aquarium?
Ivory Python Belly turned Dark Green
What to pour on soil where cats eliminate?
What is the average age of carcinoma onset in shi tzu breed?
New lump - Any ideas?
Questions about Simba and lions in general
Why does my sister's dog pinch with his teeth?
Why is there brown stuff in my dog's ear?
Cat making herself dirtier by grooming
Ways to stop male cats (who are not mine) "scent marking" inside my house - they have access because my cats have access to outdoors with a cat flap
My dog tries to eat my chickens and fights with my cat
What to do when my nearly 4 month old kitten only sometimes uses the litter box?
In which case rabbits give noise?
Preventing inbreeding in Muscovy duck flock
Newly adopted dog shows aggression
Adopting a feral cat
Is there any research showing dangers to cats from dried Permethrin?
How can I stop my dog from grabbing on to legs of other dogs?
can a bunny register the dangers of falling?
How do I teach my dog to go potty on command?
Is it okay for a pregnant dog to climb stairs?
How to litter train a cat if both my husband and I work away from home all day?
Mother Cat Attacking 3 Weeks Old Kittens
Is this a male or a female? Please help 
Parasitic worm from dog?
Do cats learn how to hunt from their mothers?
Change in behavior
What is the proper method of disinfecting a room exposed to feline URI?
I had 5 hermit crabs and I cleaned out the cage and now I have only found 4..where is the other crab? There are no signs of it anywhere?
Kitten pees in the litter box but poops outside of it?
Accidentally gave dose of antibiotic 8 hours early, 4 hours after the last. What should I do?
Why does the Dog let its head drop hard onto the floor when it rests?
New puppy very playful and happy inside, super scared outside
Male kitten bullying his sister out of food?
Hi I was wondering if anyone knows if my fish is pregnant or not?
Is my fish suffering from fin rot or is this just a sign of wear and tear?
Should I get my leopard gecko a Substrate?
What, if any, are the risks to a cat that ingests urushiol?
Why does my hamster bite me during the night?
Bunny alone, good idea?
Roomba robot vacuum for dealing with cat hair?
How old is too old to rehome a genet kitten?
Sole Danio Left after rehousing my other four
Cat's tail tip looks like it has some sort of fungus or necrosis
My cat is a houdini and keeps escaping her cone
How to rescue cat from high perch
How is abrasive footing achieved?
Are pets sensitive to good music?
Impure Pekingese bites us as owners
How to stop my cat from biting me when I'm sleeping
Is there a toy that my dog can't destroy?
Want to know solution of betta fish problem
My cat Has No sound when it meows, but puurs VERY loudly. Confusion!
What evidence could I check to detect a "rabbit experienced" vet?
How to teach cats to use only the litter boxes?
Why do rabbits need so much space?
Dog lunges at other dogs
Kittens left pupil more dilated
My leopard geckos eye randomly went dark, did he go blind?
Why did my Oscar change color?
Growing a baby betta with other fish in the tank
guppie male harassing females
My dog keeps biting his feet and now he is missing hair, his feet are red, and he has bumps
Identify unknown fish, what strategy should I follow?
How to teach new phrases to my cockatiel?
How can I stop my dog from killing wild rabbits?
Can I get some advice on a good setup for my leopard gecko?
Is cholla wood safe for a bug terrarium?
Resident cat not staying in the house when new kitten is out of safe room
What is this crack on my turtles head?
My previously gobbling cat only licks her food dry now
How can I get my cat to stop pushing his food off the counter?
How can I stop my cat from going into my neighbors' garden where there are dogs?
Someone help me
Seeking advice on managing and adopting a stray cat
Dog hasn't eaten for four days, is pregnant. What to do?
How to win a cow's trust so you can pet it?
What's wrong with my snails' tentacles?
Why is my adult cat suddenly dragging my kitten around?
Cat suddenly scared of dog
Senior dog constant ear scratching?
How to help cat grieving the "loss" of a human?
When will my platy give birth?
Whats this black scab/booger like stuff on my cats nose?
