Has there been an 'anthropological' study of the Christian Theology?
Rawls and the Categorical Imperative
Why was Mill wrong to claim that Kant appealed to consequences?
How do you treat retailers without using them as a means?
How is 'rational capacity' universal?
How does 'humanity' 'reside undifferentiated in all of us' ?
How's this version of Kant's Categorical Imperative 'more humanistic'?
Faulty analogy and/or guilt by association
Did Socrates Help or Hurt Athens by Submitting to Execution?
Laws are made for humans, but does everyone classify as a human?
What is the difference between ethics and morals?
How can you translate the mathematical statement 5=5 into a second order symbolic logic statement?
Is a relativistic particle 'Kantian'?
Can a point of space be identified?
How to answer the common anti-deity existence argument involving a big rock
Is it possible to determine the soundness of the following argument?
Is "God does not exist; therefore, the argument for God's existence is not sound" fallacious?
what is an electron (classically)?
Are Wittgenstein's propositions analytic or synthetic?
Please recommend a good philosophical book on entropy
How does Hegel develop the notion of freedom in his metaphysics?
How can one justify Newton's third law?
Should uniform motion be distinguished from rest?
Was the reappraisal of time, space and motion by Einstein, in Kantian terms, a transcendental deduction?
What is the name given to a false comparison
Why doesn't Parmenides argument hold for fields - or does it?
Are Hume's "relations of ideas" the same as analytic a priori judgments?
Can a priori principles be applied to deduce 'Principal Bundles' as principles in Modern Physics?
Sigmund Freud related work to writer self empowerment by autobiography
Why is Nietzsche considered a philosopher - but not Whitman?
Will philosophy ever have a consensus on all the issues?
What makes our senses qualitatively different from each other?
Is this description of "universal systems" with regards to Deconstruction valid?
Sleep and Death
Paul Valery's Crisis of the Mind
What does it mean to demean oneself?
Why are French postmodern philosophers (like Baudrillard) so hard to read/understand?
Does Foucault take a position in "Discipline and Punish"?
how to discharge the assumption?
Is God subject to logic?
Can the correspondance theory of truth take into account observer effects?
Does God believe in God?
What are the obscure elements in Deweys Pragmatism?
What is physics as a Hegelian Concept?
Is Interpretivism Opposed to Using Mathematics in Understanding Social Reality?
Is it immoral to pay taxes if your government conducts immoral activities?
Is quantum physics based on language wordplay?
What's a simple term for "constructing the best instance of a concept in a situation"?
How do modern moralities obscure connections between identity and the good?
Does anyone argue that Karl Popper's theory of critical rationalism does not meet its own conditions?
A proposition is non-falsifiable. So what?
Is Artificial Intelligence an Oxymoron?
To which of Badiou's four conditions does religion belong?
Why is love included in Badiou's enumeration of truth procedures?
Is panopticism, Foucault's answer for reducing crime?
What does Michel Foucault mean by the "micro-physics" of power?
Is there a theory in philosophy which holds that "ignorance is bliss"?
Is Phenomenology against the mathematization of the social sciences?
How does one measure the world?
How can teleological explanations not fit with modern science?
"Ordering of rank" in the Will to Power 287 of Nietzsche
Let A be a finite non-empty set and S a finite symbol set. Show that there are only finitely many S-structures with A as the domain
What is it mean by "to be meet with in space" by Moore?
When did psychology separate from philosophy and become a science?
Is there still any philosopher who supports the incompatibility thesis in the social sciences?
Is there a philosophical definition for "difference" and "similarity"? When are 2 logical arguments "different" or "similar"?
Does one have a 'right' to believe in anything?
Lecture about presocratic cosmology
Enlightenment as the beginning of observation, examination and control
Do questions about the ultimate truth make sense? Are we capable of understanding the system in which we live? (Looking for directions/references)
Practicing Philosophy, and Relations Among Man
In Descartes "Meditations on First Philosophy", what does the title "first philosophy" mean?
Contemporary proponents of Cartesian dualism
Logic: can I define a domain containing distinct names referring to the same object?
Is Sacrifice a Hypocritical Self-Brainwashing Concept?
In formal logic, how is it possible for an argument with a contradictory conclusion to be valid?
Is Work the Root of All Evil?
Is there a literature theory of science and math texts?
Infantilization as explanation for wide-spread fear in society?
What is the inverse of solipsism?
Is there a formal, or a rigorous, definition of the 'consists in' relation?
Is it possible to prove the invalidity of logic without using logic?
Philosophical critiques of neoclassical economics?
Has Hofstadter's concept of strange loop been given a more formal treatment (by him or anyone else) than "GEB" and "I am a strange loop"?
What is the difference between Jerry Fodor's LOT and Wittgenstein's Picture Theory of Meaning?
Is the logic precept that for two propositions there are four truth values ever applied to serious matters?
Qualia without consciousness or sense
Understanding "Being and Time"
If I combine a factory-producing factory with a computer, did I just create life?
Is the Tractatus considered to have had any permanent influence on philosophy, given that Wittgenstein himself later repudiated it?
The Rhizome, Language and Theatatus
How does GEB support AI?
Where can I find a rigorous and complete exposition of Plato's theory of Forms?
In Wittgenstein, is all the facts being *all* the facts a fact itself?
Vacuous Conditionals and How We Feel About Them
What is the prerequisite knowledge for reading philosophers of the Enlightenment?
Can we tell we are not fictional characters of someone who exists in the same world as us?
Which branch of philosophy (metaphysics, epistemology, philosophy of science, etc...? ) does the question of properly defining life fall under?
Language as the house of being
How to evaluate an argument based on the claim that "intent doesn't matter"?
Is there a word for 'language as the house of being'?
Did Thomas Aquinas state randomness as a prerequisite of free will?
What's the difference between 'things' and 'rules'?
Concrete language as a manifestation of Being
soundness and completeness of a proof method
Why is Russell so critical of Aristotle?
Does Science has any evidence to prove that ghosts don't exist?
Where can I follow the latest intellectual and academic developments in Kant research?
Thermodynamics of Occam's Razor
Jan Narveson, “Feeding the Hungry.” imply that we do not have a negative and positive duty?
Missing Shade of Blue in An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding by David Hume
I need help with essay question: "'No act is intrinsically criminal'. Discuss"
How does "is" work?
How is Explanation not Generalization?
Please contrast Aristotle's 'material' vs 'formal' aitia
Why is Multiple Realizability considered to have refuted the type-identity theory of the mind?
Is there an alternative to the scientific method?
'the unexamined life is not worth living'
Sets and typical elements
The birth of Buddha
Factors causing entelechia not to realize
Can there be ugliness in the world of a Mathematical God?
How do non-theistic dualists explain the emergence of the mind?
When writing, why would a conclusion precede a premise?
Control in scientific experiment
Is 'Almost everyone' both a guarding term and assuring term here?
What differentiates the scientific method from other methods
How is this called: not believing in religious doctrine but accepting religious institutions?
Joy accompanies, joy does not move
When can we eliminate disjunction within equivalence?
The law of identity: two interpretations
What does the "mind-body problem" mean?
How does functionalism solve the mind-body problem?
Is isotope dating falsifiable?
What Did Plotinus Mean by Contemplation?
Suppose the conclusion of an argument is logically equivalent to the conjunction of all the argument’s premises
Suppose the conclusion of an argument is known to be tautologous. Do you have to do a truth table to know whether it is valid or invalid?
Suppose you know the premises of an argument are inconsistent. Do you have to do a truth table to know whether it is valid or invalid?
Can we apply the ideas of The Society of the Spectacle to the Facebook era?
What does Lacan mean when he says "the necessity to eat one's Dasein"?
Can a person's 'sense of self' be transported across spacetime?
What does it mean to understand something?
What do we call this fallacy?
What logical systems categorize A->~A as a contradiction.?
Need Help Fully Understanding the Claim: Every normal modal logic, L, is an extension of K
What logics modify conditional detachment in this way?
Can we know the fundamental nature of space and time?
How to learn more about statements such as 'not without = only with'? Is this logic?
when we express in words can it be anything else but an opinion based on learning and experience?
Are some "right actions" not productive of the greatest happiness for the greatest number?
What is Capital?
Spectacle and Schizophrenia
Theories of Everything as a hold over from monotheism?
Why do people impose their opinions on others?
On Sartres Nothingness and Nausea
I "random" meaning with known probability?
How could Socrates state that he doesn't know anything?
Exclusive disjunction in terms of conditional
Mathematical Inventions
Is science part of the Spectacle?
Is there a relationship between implication and supersets?
Why is there no absolute rest?
How can I know that I know something?
What is the history of the concepts "sound" and "valid"?
Is presentism self-contradictory?
How is soul-body hylomorphism different from property dualism?
what does "Justified" mean?
The circulation of goods
What is supervenience emergentism?
Implications of particle duality for geometric objects
Truth is subjectivity
Meaningless counterfactuals
What is a proposition?
Is this argument valid without premise 1.1?
What is a predicate according to Aristotle's Organon?
Trick of just adding: if the premises are true then the conclusion is true
Is there a logical fallacy for "ignoring the specifics, over-applying the general"?
Determining the soundness of arguments
Are we that different from (irrational) animals?
Qualia and the Myth of the Given
Has Derek Parfit been working on time since 2011?
Looking for a treatment of multiple interpretations in Model Theory/Formal Semantics
Has anyone used analytic methods to attempt to dissolve the question of God's existence (as opposed to solving it)?
Fitch style disjunction elimination
Normativity in Science
How would Kant defend the concept of the noumenon against Berkeley's charge?
Can Zenos paradox of motion be applied to a flashing blue light?
On cloning minds, persons and selves
Example of a Sound Argument
Are there any books about postmodernism being like sophism?
Did the Logical Positivists accept synthetic a priori knowledge?
Is this lexical or structural ambiguity: "criminal actions are illegal, and murder trials are criminal actions, so murder trials are illegal"?
What happens to a philosophical question when it is solved for good?
Has anyone tried to empirically demonstrate the existence of subconscious thoughts and motivations?
Validity and Soundness
If you're the smartest person on earth, how do you know if you're making logic errors?
Please explain this paragraph of van Inwagen (First Argument for Incompatibilism)
Is a top-down set theory possible?
Does the mind work with unconscious mathematical underpinnings?
Rousseau and civil society
What is “moral pathos”?
Taine reference in Heidegger's 'What is metaphysics?'
What is nothing?
Is Hawking channeling Kant in his explanation of how the arrow of time works?
Isn't science all about finding generalized representation of observations?
Validity stemming from contradictory premisses
How is the individualist position essential for peace and prosperity in a society
How to intuit 'unless'?
Conditional Proof that uses the basic 9 inferences. Can you Please help
Arendt : What is the main and intrisic purpose of diffferentiating between "labor" and "work"?
Modal Logic - Necessity in Conditional Statements
Is the existence or not of extraterrestrial life a philosophical question?
The fallacy of proving correctness by claiming opposing arguments as predictions under one's paradigm?
Question about information in ampliative reasoning
Why asking to examine facts over "transcendental statements" is labeled as "anti-realistic"?
How to properly define the "neutral" position between Theism/Atheism and Agnosticism/Gnosticism?
Modern Sophists?
fallacy of equating terms based on shared properties
Is it possible that religion is a part of science?
Why does western law treat criminal and civil violations so differently
Ontology and the Future
Is there a name for the fallacy to appeal to connotation of an ambiguous term?
How does comparing two sentences imply 'unless' = 'iff not' ?
What is the difference between Aristotle and Locke's empiricism?
How do the antecedents of material and counterfactual conditionals differ?
How is inference with counterfactuals different than inference with material conditional statements?
Prove the number is 7?
Is there a name for this meta-moral philosophy?
Empiricism in Eastern Philosophy?
Skeptical hypothesis as undecidable statement
Does Strong Agnosticism (as opposed to Weak Agnosticism) justify taking Pascal's wager?
'There aren't any R that aren't B' vs 'There are R and all of them are B'
Are all sufficient conditions necessary?
How do theologians and apologists justify the exclusiveness of their specific belief system w/r to similar but distinct belief systems?
What does it mean for Kant for someone to lie?
Can anything not be equal to itself?
Challenges to the principle of deductive closure
Sub-Ethics: Subset or Strictly Inferior
Type theory and metaphor
How is Yin-Yang theorised in Chinese Philosophy?
Is this an instance of the base-rate fallacy?
Why is Chomsky considered to have refuted Skinner's behaviorism?
Understanding a paragraph from George Boole's An Investigation of the Laws of Thought
A quote from Wittgenstein
What is the logical form of a question?
In what way can deductive arguments be held to increase knowledge?
Books or articles on military thought?
Sartre and the cogito
If G is absent whenever F is absent, then F is a sufficient condition for G
If A says/claims that B is a fact, questioning B is also questioning A implicitly?
How do people justify and empathize towards negative actions?
Berkeley's idealist view of physical objects
Does Math, or analogically Language really have any impact on our "Thoughts"?
Is the phrase "Dying is the #1 cause of death in the world" logically sound?
Artificial minds with psychological problems?
Were there any prominent philosophers / philosophies pre-Ancient Greece?
Post-Existential State
Thoughts on modern promises
Why is most modal logic about necessity vs possibility rather than permission or wishes?
Is there a formalized logic for adpositional connectives?
How would you translate the sentence "Some philosophers love all philosophers, only if they love themselves"
Kant's cleavage of knowledge
Does mental incapacity imply physical incapacity?
Is cognitivism compatible with moral anti-realism?
What reasoning does Melissus or Parmenides give against the existence of "empty" or "the void"?
Philosophical interpretation of computability of a finite math problem
On act of asking
Quine's "to be is to be the value of a bound variable"
Why are some communication failures regarded as important opinions in philosophy?
Schelling's Organic Form Philosophy. Dynamic Systems
Should philosophy focus more on 'ought' questions?
What is meaningful?
Is everything just an opinion?
Should one prioritize other's life over his own?
How can we prove something exists?
Science and personal beliefs
Is this ethical relativism?
Can there be "non gap" arguments against reductionism?
How to work with a premise containing multiple 'if' s?
Where can one "peer discuss" an unpublished short paper?
Patterns and Computation
What did John Searle mean by these self-contradictory statements?
How do modern metaphysicians respond to Kant and Wittgenstein?
What are the propositions?
Have philosophers claimed that atheists can be closer to God than "religious hypocrites"
What makes a question other than its expression?
Why is a white horse not a horse?
Why did Confucianims survive longer than Mohism in china?
Are Nietzsche's "higher men" men of principle
Quine's cordate/renate argument and specifying the domain of discourse
How do we know something is a "category mistake"?
Why is it so difficult to write good Philosophy textbooks?
Does the slippery slope fallacy have any usage outside of formal logic?
How can "essentialism" ever make sense?
Is it defensible to offend a group of people when they cling to horrendous ideas?
What happens when stuff breaks
Men Incarcerated 10x More Than Women in USA
Why does philosophy exist?
How can the objects in an object theory be defined?
Capital punishment and morality
What is the difference between the illogical and the nonsensical?
how to deal with "the unknown unknown"
How can my religious views be classified?
Is formal education required to fully grasp (academic/analytic) philosophy?
How did the logical positivists respond to Gödel's incompleteness theorem?
What are the practical applications of modal logic?
What were Michel Foucault's most important ideas?
Could a programming language be considered as a language?
Is forced labor without pay under poor work conditions , slavery?
If we all came from Adam and Eve
Do linguists call human language "natural"?
Propositions that are always true, but aren't tautologies?
Can Thomas Nagel be considered a pantheist?
Questions from a new introduction to modal logic by Hughes and Cresswell
"No morality, only that which actually happens"
Identifying three kinds of "unity" in Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason"
Why does Marxism equate to Communism?
Facts and Patterns
The Unskilled Argument
Is there any philosophical school of thought arguing for the primacy of words over symbols or mathematics in explaining things?
Is it good to have a country following a particular religion?
What's a good source for refreshing my formal logic skills prior to graduate school?
Does the Church-Turing-Deutsch principle (i.e the physical version of the Church-Turing thesis) imply reductionism?
Should scientific theories be self-consistent?
Types with only one token
Is there any philosopher who "dug" deep enough into the role of book-keeping in certain social condition(s)?
Mathematical theorems and science
The Copernican Principle and the Giant Void
Asymmetries in two opposite arguments from ignorance
Identify the type of fallacy
Why does Spinoza structure the ethics similarily to Euclid's geometry?
Connection between Kant's defense of the belief in God and Kant's categories?
What is the meaning of "There are questions that science can't answer"?
Ontology: How do ideas exist?
How do you negate an "at least" statement?
Fallacy: Most E are I. Most I are S. So most E are S
What is fallacious about 4 consecutive uses of modus ponens?
Fallacy: L is almost always wrong. D is L. So D is almost always wrong
Is logic built on assumptions?
How does Russell's argument for identity refute that of Wittgenstein's?
The Opposite Point of Positivist Epistemology
Carl Hempel's covering law model of explanation in history
What is fallacious? 'Some things exist though no one thinks of them. So reality exceeds the mind's reach.'
Planes vs. Consciousness:
Is it possible to prove that the universe either is or isn't a simulation?
Meaning of life, given all my problems have been solved
Name of Formal Fallacy? Probability does not entail Certainty
Are there Decision Trees for Identifying Fallacies?
If I had a proof that proved that the afterlife was %99.99... likely to be paradise, how would I use that information to die?
Does anyone know pi? Do computers know pi?
Causality vs. implication
What does Schopenhauer mean by etiology?
Concerning the logical projection: How to express nullary and unary operations as binary operations?
Is a world of only time a world without intelligible order?
Schopenhauer and space-time
Schopenhauer and Maya
Philosophy: how to begin? (from a context of having studied mathematics)
How can one interpret impenetrability in Schopenhauer?
Is anything known about the content of Sraffa's critique of Wittgenstein's Philosophy?
Were Derrida, Lacan, Freud involved in politics?
Can you exist in two places at once?
What does 1 John, 4:19. imply?
Does knowing the consequences of an action change the ethics of doing it?
How to simplify: Unless, if A, B, then C
What are some good books on the philosophy of economics?
Do we have to value possibilities just because they are possible?
What is the philosophical counterpart of gravity?
Nature of Persons and Mathematics
What are the properties of Mathematical Objects?
What is the difference between emotivism and quasi-realism
why analogies work?
Introduction Modal Logic with emphasis on metaphysics - free will particularly - and also mathematical logic
How can a stream of thoughts and perceptions have freewill?
Can omnibenevolence be seen as a limit to omnipotence?
Is there any scientific evidence for the non-existence of God?
Is it possible that our world had no beginning but is rather eternal?
What role can guilt play in Bentham's utilitarianism?
Does every interval that ends end with an instant
Is Fatherhood among humans really natural?
Is it possible to argue against a person who is skeptical about the meaning of all words?
Can your attitude towards a proposition P be that P is false or do you actually believe ~P?
How should one interpret modern mathematics if one doesn't believe in infinity?
What does Russell's speculated law of causality look like in mathematical language?
Do we have a right to die?
The Fetishism To Commodities "In History" -- When did it really happen?
Is science just a more refined and effective method of philosophy?
What does Nietzsche mean by "blond beast?"
Are there any work around after Godel's incompleteness theorems?
What's the logical fallacy called when people somehow equate the rate of something to the actual value of something?
Questions on the second meditation by Descartes
A form of appealing to nature?
When did Plato's Republic (re-)emerge as his most popular work?
Symbol to denote a credulous consequence
How to define a number
Tomatoes, Wisdom and Intelligence?
What confirms the claim that Friedrich Nietzsche was an atheist from a christian perspective?
Does scientific and logical evidence have a supremacy over emperical evidence?
Are dualism and the theory of evolution compatible?
"None of the tall people are rich. Joe is rich, therefore Joe isn't tall." Is this valid?
Was Locke right that analytic knowledge is vacuous?
How to deal with counterfactuals with false antecedents
Is there a name for the fallacy whereby complex phenomena are believed to require an equally complex explanation?
Modal Logic Proof, a formula is valid just if relations have a property
What could be the rationale for altruism, besides egoism?
How to avoid the slippery slope fallacy in arguments and discussions?
How do we acquire knowledge?
Does "ens materiale" = "ens sensible"? If so, why?
Plato's Cycle: The Renewal?
Why do some philosophers argue that we do not know, a priori, that something thinks?
The problem with infinite regression in the argument about "why we should go vegan"
What is wrong with Popper's theory of falsification?
Definition of "proof"
Is Simondon's ontogenesis compatible with Badiou's ontology?
Interpretation of implication symbol in modal logic
Voices Regarding The Ethics of Advancing The Idea of Love
Does dualism in conjunction with strong AI imply pan-psychism?
Can a omni-God exist (under the premise that sentience and being an omni-God are incompatible)
Sources for the threefold structure of the act of questioning in Being and Time
Is there an idea of linguistic realism similar to moral realism?
What do smaller honours mean in Aristotle's Nicomachean ethics?
What are you? Does teleportation work?
How does Hume's "Treatise of Human Nature" affect Kant's position on metaphysics?
Is there a suppressed premise in Anselm's Ontological Argument?
Is a proof still valid if many people say that is true?
Is there a demarcation problem for religions?
Aristotle's thought on souls in Nicomachean Ethics
Logical sentence... or not?
Is Socrates wrong in 'Euthyphro'?
Does "the experience of transition requires negotiation between sacrifice and opportunity" make sense logically?
How can I tell when a term is a rigid designator?
For arguments, besides validity and soundness, what of Potential Convincingness?
Do compatibilists consider robots to have freewill?
Does a Logical possibility exist necessarily or not-necessarily?
Did Kant say something like “no fruit of the human tree has ever lacked for improvement”?
Evolution and Popperian falsifiability
'If we can conceive God existing but he doesn't exist, then we can conceive a thing greater than him.'
Does Burke's political philosophy actually endorse a kind of totalitarianism?
Semantics of Popper's Demarcation criterion - what is included within "Science"?
What is the "simple logical truth" that makes omniscience self-contradictory?
Why Continue Using Logic Symbology and Truth Tables
The more i think about it, the more it seems like quantum entanglement disproves the notion of free will
Does everything have at least one rigid designator?
Is The War on Terror Civil War?
Can a disembodied soul form empirical beliefs?
Is philosophy the quest of the answer, or the thrive of the process?
What is the connection between temporal and epistemic knowledge?
What is the term used for logic statements which are non reversible?
Are there possible worlds that differ only in the assignment of rigid designators?
How can you assign a finite value to an outcome of infinite value?
Should you read simpler paraphrases before the older original works of philosophy?
Will strict dress code rules make the society better?
Descartes's "cogito" as a continuation rather than a break
What logical fallacies exist in David Lewis and Stephanie Lewis' article called "holes"?
How do utilitarians avoid ethical totalitarianism?
How to interpret "it is possible that x is impossible"?
What fallacy dismisses problems by presenting "bigger" problems?
Leibniz, physics and the best of all possible worlds
How to harmonise Empedocles theory of perception
Marcus Aurelius on Books
Was Wittgenstein anticipating Gödel?
Is a Noble Lie Possible?
How does actual infinity (of numbers or space) work?
Which are the best Artificial Intelligence philosophy books?
Consolation rather than justification
Please recommend a good book on Physicalism
What are the important effects of studying logic?
Introductory books on epistemology for someone interested in artificial intelligence
Will an Omnipotent being ever make an change into the state of this reality
Relationship between Western thoughts and "Eastern thoughts"
"Don't do what I tell you not to do" - what to do if you always do the opposite?
Interpretation of a line in the Zhuangzi 4.7
Spinoza's Ethics' Axiom Seven
How to understand Nozick's response to Descartes's Skeptical Argument?
Is the physicalism/materialism vs dualism debate really just a question of semantics?
Why is Philosophy termed as 'Mother of All Sciences'?
In what writings did Bertrand Russell criticize the epistemology of Rene Descartes?
Are there rules for dealing with self-reference "paradoxes" in logic?
How does Descartes determine that the idea of God has more objective reality than finite substance?
Prop IX of spinoza's ethics
Contradiction between the selfish gene and lack of free will demonstrated by Libet experiment
Is this criticism of Luce Irigaray's statements on physics accurate?
Question about Imre Hermann's book Parallelismes
For Kant, how is pleasure in beauty disinterested?
Argument against democracy/socialism as an ethical system
Did Bertrand Russell ever call his work in logic a failure?
Indiscernibility of possible worlds
Dualities and categories
Is Lacanian subjectivity relational?
Truth and Beauty in Platonism
Finding a clear difference between truth and fact
Why is the problem of universals a problem?
Is the noumena, in a sense apeiron?
When a fallacy actually occurs
References on ultimate determinism
Is it possible for two instantaneous events, one predicated on the other, to happen at the exact same time?
To what extent are observations theory laden?
Books to self-study Immanuel Kant
Is the "Eastern philosophy" really philosophy?
Is it ethical to consume pirated content for understanding references rather than direct enjoyment?
Integral Calculus and Utilitarianism
Is philosophy meaningless?
Do mainstream philosophers believe that Wittgenstein "solved" philosophy?
Does the existence of time dilation effects imply presentism?
When an individual makes a discovery
What does Bachelard mean by "Applied Rationalism"?
Utilitarianism and Bertrand Russell
What is the relation between a conditional sentence and the corresponding universal statement?
An invalid argument, the conclusion of which is a tautology
Perception of the Platonic realm
Philosophical Similarities For Chinese Confucianism and Daoism
Is Kant's "noumenal self" argument on freedom flawed?
What are the differences between mind model and other models?
Mechanism of foreknowledge
Why is Tarski's notion of logical validity preferred to deductive one?
Can the "accident" fallacy be applied to religious laws?
What do Montaigne, Paine, and Wittgenstein have in common?
Is existence distinguishability/variation?
Looking for references for some remark of Quine's
Are consistent solipsists limited to the singular when referencing themselves?
Would a theoretical decision maker subscribing to the following principles decide against human abortion?
LPL 10.26 - Fitch - How to use ∀ Intro and ∃ Elim?
Many-worlds interpretation of QM and modal realism
Do humans make decisions based on logic or emotions?
What is the difference between Ontology and Knowledge Representation (KR)?
Must time pass in order for causality to operate?
Would two identical people ever be able to communicate successfully?
How empiricism and positivism is distinguished? What's their differences?
Why is Being not a genus?
Parmenidian Being and Non-Being
If V, then W. If W and X, then Y or Z. Not Y. Not Z. How to deduce the conclusion?
Does this sacrifice dilemma has a name and has been studied by anyone?
Does the potential to be an intelligent life not qualify an organism as being equally valuable?
Must time flow?
Does the person in this example intentionally hit the bottle?
Are aesthetic judgments rational?
"Change" last forever? If not what fallacy breaks the chain of reasoning shown here?
How does animi describe mind?
On the personal identity of a self aware artificial intelligence
Does this reasoning refute John Searle's Chinese Room argument?
Does a consistent theory of retributive punishment require belief in freewill?
1. "X is a subset or part of y. x is true. so, y is true." 2. "x came from y. y is true. so x is true". Which fallacy are they?
What is the philosophical origin of waves?
Can correspondence and coherence views of truth be compatible?
Is there a name for the fallacy of not doing something because something bad happens anyway?
How are empirical concepts acquired according to Kant?
Why did Averroes have a limited impact on Islamic philosophy?
What is an internalist/externalist epistemology of trust?
What was Hegel trying to achieve?
How does Putnam's twin earth thought experiment disprove functionalism?
To tense or not to tense?
Is communism a religion?
What's the name for an argument that "this book or this person says P is true, therefore P must be true"?
Is there a term for the absence of evidence fallacy with regard to scientific falsification?
What's the difference (if any) between demonstration and description?
Does determinism speak for the predetermination of every single event?
Does Nietzsche acknowledge "mad states"?
What is zen-hristianity?
Why do some philosophers write literature?
What's the significance of 'Om' in Indian philosophy?
Are all subjective impressions qualia?
What distinguishes between saguna and nirguna Brahman?
FOL – Quantifiers and prenex form (from LPL 11.37)
Does existentialism rule out the existence of a rational world?
Is there a point to arguing about the meaning of words?
Duplicity and strength in humans
Does the essentially Western concept of causality form a philosophical dialectic with the Jungian concept of synchronicity?
According to the Natural Law, should poetry rhyme?
Did Hindu thought exercise a strong influence upon the minds of early Western thinkers?
Taking now seriously (rather than tense)
Meaning is in the brain, where else?
Modal Logic Question
Mathematical logic question from Rosen book
That which is necessary is moral?
Where do I turn after Stoics, Montaigne and Taleb?
What practical methods can be used to prove a negative claim?
What makes something mathematics?
What is the reflection of a mind discarded?
Free Will in Psychiatry
a displacement of time
What are conceptions of time and space?
Mathematical philosophy: intuitionistic formalism
Free will and the Libet experiments
What does disposition mean in dispositional theory of meaning?
Should we make ourselves clear in arguments?
Law of excluded middle in intuitionistic formalism
Is self-improving artifical inteligence really unlimited?
The validity of the definition of a valid argument
Utilitarian Argument Against Necrophillia
Can science claim to explain all experience?
Law of excluded middle: mathematical philosophy
What types of inconsistency are there that we know of?
Are there any prominent modern philosophers with a background in neuroscience?
What form of formalist am I?
C. D. Broad’s taxonomy of philosophical styles and theories?
Formalism: philosophy of mathematics
Relative vs Absolute scale: Where does this argument fail?
Is there anyway Dan Dennett's multiple drafts theory of consciousness could support an ego theory of consciousness as opposed to bundle theory?
Is consciousness produced as part of mental images by the same mechanism?
Are there any strong reasons to still consider logical monism or a "One True Logic" in light of all the non-classical logics that have been developed?
Existential authenticity (especially in Sartre) - being frustrated
Hylomophism as the foundation of matter, how true can this be. explain
What is the Philosophy of Mathematics?
What are some arguments against violence?
Can colour be considered as an aspatial and atemporal universal?
Universals vs. Facts
Fallacious appeals to unreliability or madness
Mathematical intuitionism, possibly
How to not be bothered by anything ever again?
Did Aristotle discuss virginity?
Is there a reputable copy of Kants anthropology online?
Has Witten written about the philosophy of exceptional nature?
Wittgenstein and Husserl
Have David Wolpert's findings really "slammed the door" on scientific determinism?
Best philosophy of mathematics (text)book?
Name for the "cut" between an agent and its environment
Is an impossible proposition necessarily false
How to self study Plato?
Absolute Truth - Is there existence?
Any video course on Logic & Logical fallacies?
What are some book suggestions for further reading about Camus and the absurd, after reading the Stranger and Myth of Sisyphus?
A Timeless God and His Will to Create: Contradiction?
Boole on language
Why should science be falsifiable?
Minima Moralia.127: "Intelligence is a moral category"
Ways of thinking about the world evolve for the better
Why does Hume raise the Missing Shade of Blue?
Am I a monad? Are we a monad? (Software and hardware)
What are some good books about the philosophy of mind?
What is the logical fallacy that transforms an argument to an extreme case, then rejects it?
Examples of non formal languages
What ethical system would allow saving one at the expense of many?
Does all art have a sentiment?
Hume's definition of cause and effect
What is the difference between deductive and inductive reasoning?
Chinese Philosophy: the yin aspects of the sun
What do we learn about the sun when applying the yin and yang viewpoint?
Argument for why pornography legal/prostitution illegal
Is there evidence for existence of destiny as opposed to free will?
Aristotelian ethicst definition of right action?
First order languages vs languages with infinitely long expressions
Why an infinite set of propositional variables?
What moral theory can be used to illustrate that sex is permissible between consenting adults bound by love or comittment?
Logic – Deductive proof with quantifiers (Fitch/LPL 13.30)
Logic – Deduction in Tarski's World (Fitch/LPL 13.36)
Why is Aristotle's objection not considered a resolution to Zeno's paradox?
Infinitary logic and algebra
Is Brouwer's notion of time that of a continuum?
Is there a moral requirement that associations of people have an appeals process?
Are there philosophical arguments for moral risk avoidance?
Proof that using only logical form is valid?
What are the objections to the axioms of modal logic?
Can I steal my organs back?
Identify the fallacy: moral source states X is necessary. X is about Y. Ergo, it is really Y that is necessary
Whole Brain Emulation - what is a being
Are there more numbers than numerals?
Zeno and the denial of plurality
Who first proposed the homogeneity of physical law?
What is the difference between an opinion and a philosophical opinion?
Is "propositions of logic are tautologies" (Wittgenstein) literal or mystical?
Calculus for Higher Order Logic
Does Aristotle recognize the Modal scope fallacy in his rejection of the sea battle argument?
About the beliefs of those who believe in no after life
What ethical problems might be involved in time travel?
Aristotle Politics versus Platos Republic
What are the objections to the picture theory of language?
"I have X in my blood" arguments
Socially responsible surveillance?
Fodor's language of thought
Does it even make sense to say pleasure has an innate value
Proof that deduction is valid in all possible realities?
In idealism, how can you prove that God is the One who created the Universe?
name this fallacy: A was P in the past -> A must be P now
Nozick-like argument for property rights?
Why is Hesperus necessarily Phosphorus?
Please explain to a beginner: what is metaphysics?
Can any consensual activity be wrong?
Slavoj Žižek on Silicon Valley culture
Maslow quote about the student questioning the teacher
Are there necessary truths in physical theories, more or less strictly speaking?
Is there a Kantian a priori deduction (post-hoc) of Newtons Second Law?
Is Kant's noumenon infinite and in what sense?
How is the Parmenidian "One" related to atomism?
Is there any connection between mental illness and philosophical thought?
Present importance of Leibniz Monadology
Was the conservation of matter law proposed in antiquity?
Confusion about Anaximander statement
Newtons law saved by ad-hoc hypothesis?
How to deal with ¬∃ (negated existential quantifier) in a proof?
Daniel Dennett and computational theory of mind
How to find a purpose at life
Who (else) dislikes rights?
What is it like to be "completely insane/deranged"?
What is the objective of philosophy according to the late Wittgenstein?
What is the difference between Lucretians concept of mass and Galileos?
Belonging as a virtue
How does Kant justify the introduction of the noumenon?
Does Meillassoux's concept of a future god have any precedents?
Descriptions of mental states: objective or subjective?
Does studying philosophy help finding answers to questions in life?
Time and space – a subject of metaphysics?
Is there a school of thought that considers human less significant than other beings?
Changing inconsistent to valid
Can We Know of The Existence of Something Without Sensations?
Nietzsche's perspective in Philosophy of Art
How can I be certain I exist?
Shouldn't statements be considered equivalent based on their meaning rather than truth tables?
The difference between argument, inference, deduction and proof?
what ethical rules must developers of AI adhere to for humane reasons?
Can we conceive of noumena and do we need to?
Are human lives always more important than animal lives?
On the objective concept of time and/or grounding absolute time
How do moral nihilists and realists define "morality"?
What are the most important criticisms of Popper's account of Falsification?
Does Sartre ever talk about irrelevance?
Is moral value intrinsic, or just non-accidental?
Has Marxism been refuted as philosophy?
What's formal philosophy?
Could someone walk me through this paragraph on the works of Sarah Lucas?
Does any meta-ethics claim moral discourse is impossible?
why "life" bother to exist when its literally just a bunch of atoms and particles?
Bored with Foucault, exhausted by Derrida, interested in the works of Serres, Deleuze, Latour
What is the truth value of the proposition 'All unicorns are beautiful'?
Are there formal theories for grouping different knowledge areas?
to say that death is the end of life suggests that all living thing die?
In which text/paper was the concept of dialetheism first introduced as a serious position?
Does Noam Chomsky reject Darwinian evolution?
How to find redundant premises?
Why is Nietzsche here tying Physics to the categorical imperative?
Everything beautiful twice, or three times - or not?
How to improve critical thinking?
Intrinsically versus necessarily
Prove a logical formula is equivalent to the contradiction if and only if the set it describes is empty
How do we understand Jerry Fodor's representational theory of mind (RTM)?
Is there a list of philosophers grouped by their religion?
What philosopher said that knowledge is about discerning differences?
Difference between science knowledge and religious knowledge
Is Cleverness a part of Wisdom?
What exactly is a non-analytic method of thinking? Any examples of widely accepted ways of nonstructural thinking methods?
Is there a phenomenology of two-dimensional linear perspective?
Can conjoined twins share a mind?
Why did Adorno hate the movies?
What is the difference between language of thought is innate(known as mentalese) and natural 'learned' language?
Is postmodernism pessimistic or optimistic?
Question on the duality between necessity/knowledge and possibility
Epicurus categorization of natural desires
What are the Greek terms for Platos terms for the Good/Beautiful
Infinity recursive simulation on a turing machine?
Do esoteric mathematical equations refute hard solipsism?
Is it possible that I see color differently?
Universal Constructors and Replicating Machines
Flow charting a philosophical argument
Mr. President Gets Away with Murder?
Is there a particular reason why Immanuel Kant didn't ever leave Königsberg?
Is it unethical to buy cocaine?
How to define "harm" in ethics
Are variational principles/Heron's principle final causes?
If P is a property, then is (not P) a property?
Is the divine right of kings an expression of Hobbesian Sovereignty?
Is an electron a bundle of properties?
Does category theory solve Benacerrafs problem adequately?
Must existence be a property, for bundle theory to work?
What kind of Hobbesian power is bio-power?
William James, Biography
On Modernity, mass, and morality
Proving the negation of universal quantification
Is war started by one person or a country?
Do we influence our emotions or do our emotions influence us?
Are there any proofs of the necessity of a mind-independent "reality"?
How to write clearly about philosophy?
What is control of normative doctrine in Hobbes?
Multiple universal quantifiers in an argument
Logic, Russell, joke
In what way is Socrates a primary substance?
Does the electromagnetic field physically exist?
Selection of logical connectives {¬,∨,∧,⇒,⇔} in set theory?
What can be said about characteristics of physical objects and relations among them without using space?
A question about the meaning of the term "metaphysics of presence"
Did Modernism "overturn" or "evolve out of" Aristotle?
The preface of Wittgenstein's Tractatus
Events without a time after them
What is the distinction between being and having?
What is the best philosophical expression for the "mutual containment" of mind and body?
Using Occam's Principle, is a viable Mechanical-Physical model of the universe better than a force based model
Which philosopher discusses simultaneously considering an opinion and its opposite?
What is res in res cogitans or res extensa?
How does Descartes justify his supposition that 'motion' is conserved?
Which substance is time associated with in Descartes' philosophy, mental or corporeal?
Given P ∨ ¬ P prove (P → Q) → ((¬ P → Q) → Q) by natural deduction
What are the benefits of virtue ethics compared to deontology?
How does plato distinguish between knowledge and belief?
Is the Matrix Platonic or Aristotelian?
Thinking that all individuals pursue "selfish" interest is equivalent to assuming that all random variables have zero covariance
Falling in love conditionally
Presentism and simultaneity
Systems of Merits and inclusive Participation... Has this Utopian social system already a name?
Intrinsic and provisional methodological naturalism
In a Computational Theory of Mind, how do we identify what is being computed?
Are there any philosophers or specific branches of philosophy that speak about Irony and or Coincidence?
How does Putnam reconcile having referents in language with rejection of realism?
Platonic Form of a Form
Is beauty about materialism or idealism
Why does Plato make ethnicity matter in The Judgement of Souls part of the Gorgias
How does time flow in presentism?
Is there a theory of time consistent with Heraclitus?
"To experience person to person – artist to viewer – a shared sensation"
What does "open sentence" mean in philosophy?
Philosophy and the arts in the romantic era
Does idealism allow for thought without any sensory input?
Good commentary on Kant's Moral Philosophy?
Alastair Norcross's Puppies, Pigs, and People and utilitarianism
Was there a Kantian influence on Hilbert's formalist programme?
Is evidence for the "big bang" superior to evidence for "god"?
Do you need to learn the old dialects in which older philosophy is written?
Limitations for actuality and potentiality
Is there a philosophical categorization of mindsets?
Is the notion of "abstract" based on experience?
Are numbers really infinite?
What constitutes valid knowledge?
aesthetic meaning ‘I breathe in’ and ‘I gasp’
Philosophers who use formal systems to make arguments about the world, and their detractors
How does one argue for "helping others" without any religious context?
Is atheism a property of an individual?
Subjective Proofs
Which ethical systems do not require "human dignity"?
When is it not possible to assign a probability?
How would you describe romanticism to a 14 years old?
Brahma, Brahman, Brahmin, and Atman?
How valid is this subjective moralty statement?
What are some introductory books about the philosophy of mathematics?
How do dualists explain functionalists?
Are all paradoxes reducible to one "fundamental" paradox?
Debunking proof of non-existence
Is moral intuition innate?
Where did Gödel write that first-order logic is the "true" logic?
Categorical Logic
Is there any relation between an Argument and corresponding conditional?
Do machine learning algorithms have knowledge?
Complex Systems Theory in Philosophic Terms
Philosophy describing a deeper reasoning for how to act toward others than feelings or personal gain?
Fallacy of slight but impressive results at high but hidden cost
Is there something to theory as theory is practice?
Self-describing language
How can I justify to myself this common situation?
If the ZFC axioms cannot be proven consistent, how can we say for certain that any theorems in mathematics have been proven?
Subformulas of the WFF (∀x) ((∀y) ((x ∈ y) ∨ (y ∈ x )))
How is logic utilized in constructing ethical arguments?
How "hard" is A Treatise of Human Nature to read?
How does one prove De Morgan's laws for quantifiers?
Are "If P then Q" and "Q only if P" equivalent?
The ending of Ray Brassier's Nihil Unbound
Is the delayed choice quantum eraser a refutation of principle of causality? How does contemporary philosophy make sense of it?
Does Neural Complexity Have Anything To Do With Consciousness?
What is Kantian view of "God is above morality"?
Do transfinite sets have practical applications?
Are Univalent Foundations of mathematics a modern version of logicism?
Aristotelian terminology, dynamis and entelechy
Relation between an argument and false premise on Knowledge
How would you explain the is-ought dichotomy to an "Objectivist"?
Are unexamined belief systems a.k.a. superstitions & dogmas, studied by a specific branch of philosophy?
Logic and Reasoning question
Is it true that (P∧Q≡P)⇔(Q≡⊤)?
What is the philosophical definition of a person?
Is there a uniform way of differentiating sufficient and necessary conditions?
What are the books of Pythagoras?
What it the relationship between Type theory and logic?
What is an excellent, balanced book or review on contemporary philosophy (of science and in general)?
Objectively speaking, can chanting be beneficial in any way?
What are the classifications of arguments used for proselytizing?
What fallacy excludes "outsiders" from discussing "insider" issue?
Fallacy about experimenting human made things with not enough conditions
Are you familiar with a similar argument against the (nomological) supervenience of the mental on the physical?
What is the difference between a probability and a possibility?
Can a beginner in Philosophy understand the following books?
Is authenticity an efficiency?
How does this propositional proof make sense?
Source: "A person who wants to govern, shouldn't be able to"
Kant's need of God
Aristotle, Categories, κινητόν
Aristotelian technique of bootstrapping into new areas of knowledge
How old are philosophical questions?
Conditional logic - how to apply a conditional with complex antecedent in tableaux?
Does predicate logic have truth tables?
How does Quine answer the metaphysician's charge that scientism is self-refuting?
for A, it is sufficient that B
What does Barthes mean when he calls boxing a "Jansenist sport"?
Modal Realism: Possible Worlds spatio-temporally isolated?
Is human nature necessarily metaphysics? Is it not possible to have an account of human nature that doesn't involve metaphysics?
Is rejecting A not equivalent to accepting ~A?
What does “Tartuffism” mean?
Suicide versus the Will to Live
How do we know our logic is correct?
Finding a quote on the philosophy of love
Are there any websites that walkthrough Nietzsche's work?
What is the current state of the Correspondence Theory of Truth?
What is a simple sentence in logic compared to atomic sentence?
The no harm thesis about death and comparativism
Mereology and realism
How might the Integrated Information Theory of Consciousness assign a degree of consciousness to the internet
What did Socrates mean by " there is no more fitting reward than maintenance in the prytaneum"?
On what logic is all of classical mathematics true but undecidable statements are neither true nor false?
Thin conceptions of time
What is the difference between missing the point and the false cause fallacy?
Where does Wilfred Sellars stand in current curricula?
Is an appeal from authority that's irrelevant to the point a fallacy of the same name?
What are some good books about social consensus theory?
Are there philosophical theories that are either confirmed or refuted by the majority of experts?
Is there any philosophical work that discusses the thesis of absolute privacy?
Is sleep paralysis an ideal solution to the mind-body dualism?
Works on philosophy and television?
Mussolini on Nietzsche
What is the "old religious formula" Nietzsche refers to?
What are the main objections against solipsism?
Why might you not accept ¬(¬A) = A?
What is subject in the world as will and representation?
Identify the fallacy: X has red hair. Females have red hair. Therefore, X is female
Is an AI the kind of entity that would qualify for basic human rights?
What should the value of a private sector company tell us?
Particulars in a conditional syllogism
How does the Humean analysis of causation account for the following objections?
Why does Kant say the conservation of matter is a priori rather than empirical?
What are the equivalent predicate logic inference rules?
What historical or doctrinal problems provoked Descartes' "Cogito"?
What are the most influential arguments for the existence of "real" external objects?
Was Socrates a monotheist?
How is the meaning of life "recursive"?
Is the Simulation Argument compatible with the proposition that physical entities have finite information content?
Why is private language an incoherent idea?
What are the interesting references on post-Marxist historical materialism?
Help me get this Hegel joke
Categorical logic: Some A are B. All B are C. Therefore, All A are C.
Is it possible to have evidence that something exists without having an explanation for why the thing exists?
Is there a philosophy that suggests a motive to achieve great things which is deeper than one's own self?
What did Socrates mean by "idea of equality" in the abstract?
Is it possible to communicate the ineffable?
Was Hegel a major influence in analytic philosophy?
What are clear differences distinguishing the four fallacies: missing the point, begging the question, suppressed evidence, false cause?
Is it still equivocation when a listener willfully misinterprets a speaker's words?
Argumentation - Attacker becomes a Victim
How to prove ¬¬(A ∨ B) leads to ¬¬(B ∨ A)?
What is the status of the statement: "I am here now"?
If X involves Y, does it imply that X always has Y?
Can Free Will Exist In A Causal Material World?
Definition of "language" in private language arguments
Ethics of foreclosure
What are some counterarguments to Schopenhauer's refutation of free will?
Can a Video Game be More than Just Entertainment?
Expressing a sentence in predicate logic
Interpretation of Nietzsche's aphorisms in Beyond Good An Evil
Who among 20th and 21st century Aristotelians has the most citations?
Kant's distinction of freedom as transcendental idea and as practical concept: What is the benefit?
Where can I learn about the philosophy behind mathematical and logical proofs?
Who is the charmer in Socrates' dialogue in Phaedo?
What if I don't want to become one with my supposed creator?
How were Kant's antinomies originally formatted in print?
What does Nietzsche mean in his metaphor about dreaming and its relationship to truth?
Conjunctive and disjunctive assertions
Is There a Paradox of Self-Observation?
Should any definition of "consciousness" include its sexual reproduction?
Unpacking an argument
Which aristotelian causes would no longer apply to the mechanistic view of philosophers like Spinoza or Galileo?
Contemporary literature on the teleportation paradox
Is it ethical to earn money by convincing young men to enlist in the army during wartime?
If you have won the trust of an illegal immigrant, is it ethical to turn him/her over to the authorities?
What use is the Principle of Plentitude?
Prove ∀w(∀v((v=w∧φ(v))⇔φ(w)))
How does Descartes use god in his Meditations?
Because A is true, so B must also be true
A sketch of the critical kantian project
Is this a form of fallacy of avoiding answering the question?
How do I prove an implication where the consequent does not occur in the premises
Social Constructivism: What is Co-Constructivism?
Identify the fallacy: "I used to think this as well, but now I've seen the light"
How do modern dualists explain the mind-body interaction?
Is it more ethical to neuter cats than to let kittens be born and released outdoors when grownup?
How do Aristotle and Hobbes differ in their conceptions of the human good?
Why must informal fallacies be detected by humans instead of machines?
Who does Nietzsche denounce for believing that the external world is the product of our organs?
What do we call one's personal circle of knowledge and who wrote about it?
Are there any ethical/moral frameworks governing sexual behaviours? If so, what do they say?
Besides the Cartesian Circle, what flaws are there in Descartes' use of God
Is "the mind" in Phaedo the same as "Nous" in Neoplatonic philosophy?
What are Nietzsche's views on truth and logic - for real this time
Why are we not just a computer program?
Classical logic derivation question
Can Camus' 'The Absurd' Be Arrived At Through Reason?
What minimally counts as "neo-Kantian"?
What is the contraposition of "I think therefore I am"?
Can belief in science be considered a form of theism?
Is "water boils at 100 degrees Celsius" both a sufficiency and necessity causal claim?
Where does Plato give a rationale for order?
Do justifiable arguments presuppose the explanations of their terms?
If F is a sufficient condition for G, is lacking G a sufficient condition for lacking F?
How does Chihara's account of Frege's objection to Hilbert's criterion of truth and existence makes sense?
Since Socrates mentioned that God can never perish, then why he spoke about gods?
Is science possible in a world where a god acts?
Can religion be considered obsolete?
Does Heidegger suggest that authenticity is an alternative to a genealogy of morals?
How does the success of science offer an objection to religious miracles?
Why is the existence of qualia considered an argument for dualism and against materialism?
Why Do Our Motives Play a Part in Determining the Moral Worth of an Action?
Is humanity as a whole a philosophical zombie?
Is this theory for refuting the second law of thermodynamics logically valid and sound?
Does the famous Descartes quote "dubito, ergo cogito, ergo sum" suggests secure knowledge of ones existence?
Lao Tzu "A good person is the bad person’s teacher. A bad person is the good person’s task." What does it mean?
Aristotle and Charles Taylor's view of the self
What is the agent intellect according to Avicenna and Aquinas?
Isn't anti razor as valid as Occam razor in explaining the Universe and things in it?
Would I be correct in assuming that all* things have a 'best'?
On Atheists who are sympathetic to religion?
Philosophy of Humor
Is this a transcendental philosophical question?
Is the Counterfactual Conditional Closed Under Entailment?
How do you argue without evidence?
Is there place for animal utility in utilitarianism?
Empirical difference between thinking and knowing
Does induction presuppose simpler and more necessary inferences into the events in question, and if so, does this render the Humean analysis wounded?
Death and Nietzsche's eternal return
Can nominalist logicians reject universals but accept universal statements?
About Criticism of Dualtistic Theories
What three "accessible" works of analytical philosophy would you assign?
Sartre - Being and Doing
I can't be 100% sure I'm asking this question
What is Quine's rebuttal to Grice and Strawson's In Defense of Dogma?
The Most Fundamental Fallacy
books or references on an introduction of mathematical philosophy/philosophy of mathematics
Mendel's argument question?
How far does Nietzsche's skepticism of causality go?
Have Descartes' arguments for dualism been entirely refuted by modern neuroscience and information theory?
How does 'vitalism' differ from 'sanctity of life'?
How long is the standard meter?
What are the foundations of philosophy?
Does Spinoza's God have an essence?
Does the logical tautology "what will happen, will happen" imply the impossibility of free will?
Is this circular reasoning?
Do postmodernists believe in such a thing as fundamental truth?
Logical Atomism and the divisibility of ideas?
How does Parmenides' argument against the reality of change work?
According to Existentialism, is the statement "I don't have a choice" a choice?
The demarcation problem and the materialism/dualism debate?
Should the word "ethics" be favored over "morality"?
What exactly are the identity rules in logic?
How can a tautology not be necessarily true?
Logic of intuition vs. logic as algebra in mathematical axioms
How can numbers be infinite?
Is infinite divisibility of Something the same concept as Nothing?
Instrumental right to vote and socialism, are they in conflict?
Does Marx view the establishment of a Communsit society as an intellectual evolution?
Am I not a material thing?
Why Does Camus Maintain That Men Can't Have Freedom Under An All-Powerful God?
Does criminal law have different rules for "evidence" than general science?
What is a fact?
Do meta-facts exist?
What are divergent and convergent reasoning?
Does the "No True Scotsman" fallacy need the assertion to be changed?
The Gettier counter-example: How to formalize its crucial entailment?
What does Rosenberg mean by the term "Strategy K" with reference to Kant?
What sources discuss Russell's response to Gödel's incompleteness theorems?
Bayesian statistics versus inductive skepticism
Was Zarathustra innately of a "higher" type
Is "only A are B" the same as "all B are A"?
Probability question
Quantum immortality testability paradox
How do the moral components of Randian Objectivism differ from Existentialism?
Defend against objection by showing opponent's position has same defect?
What are the major branches or areas of feminist thought?
How do perdurantism and endurantism differ in their approach to the Ship of Theseus?
What is the problem with extrapolating a rate change to its limit?
What is the difference between functionalism and property dualism?
need some guidance for this easy symbolic logic question
Why does Wittgenstein say Schopenhauer has a crude mind?
Wondering about Probabilities
A final end to the depth we can investigate reality?
Truth and wavefunction
Does Gödel's argument that minds are more powerful than computers have the inconsistency loophole?
What is the point of creating for an omniscient being?
What is an "aesthetic experience"?
Does True Randomness actually exist?
Attempt to disprove logic (does this contradict itself)
What ways does psychology approach the study of human and animal behavior?
What is the purpose of meaning?
What aspects of the problem of induction are simplified if you employ the B-theory of time?
Why did Nietzsche believe that atomism was well-refuted?
Is religion a kind of mythology, or the opposite?
What is the definition of truth-preservation?
Have there been any modern philosophical defenses of polytheism?
What is the religion of the future?
Difference between a sentence and a proposition in philosophy
Validity of an argument with a contradictory conclusion
Does the idea of experimental mathematics entail Platonism?
Does the second Gettier case really work?
Have someone already thought about emotions as an autopilot that takes over control as if we coudn't do things ourselves better?
Einstein on induction
How does Schrödinger's principle of objectivisation work?
Corruption of moral ideas
What are some good books about existential philosophy?
If the Humean analysis of causality is correct, why don't we observe causeless events more often?
Prove (P → Q) ↔ (¬Q → ¬P) using conditional elimination and negation introduction.
explain valid or invalid
What is the most theoretical, abstract and general topic?
Can Empiricism and Ethics be linked via Neuro-Science?
Does Philosophy have a Good Answer to Personal Inadequacy?
Why can't type theory be applied on personality types?
Understanding the definition of a definition
Can a purely biological account of man show a superiority over other animals?
Responding to a question about differences of an entity
Computational intractability and reductionism?
What exactly is "Gestell" in Heidegger?
What is the difference between implicit and explicit definitions?
Why are the philosophies of Aristotle and Kant anthropocentric?
Wittgenstein on names and paradigms
FOL Necessary Falsity Validity
Defining Kant's idea of the sublime and applying it to a painting?
Why did Karl Popper criticize Karl Marx's ideas?
"I am not aware that my food came from fields worked on by slaves. Thus, I am not liable for the moral implications of slavery."
How to handle a question where the other person have a has no reference frame to compare it to?
What is the basis for answering philosophical questions?
Is there any prospect for a unified account of rationality?
Do animals have beliefs?
How do 'Anthologies or Histories of Philosophy' differ from 'Introductions to Philosophy'?
What textbooks should I read after reading many short introductions?
First books about philosophy of law, for a novice with no exposure?
Why do rational beings care about the dead?
Is there a term in philosophy for "direct knowledge transfer"?
For Wittgenstein, What is the relation if there any between a linguistic entity and things in the world?
How can you derive De Morgan's Law?
Are old philosophical texts worth reading for ordinary individuals?
According to Humean analysis, if self-identity is but a stream of impressions, than what allows for imagination and associations to begin with?
Is mathematical Platonism geometric?
How does Nietzsche reconcile his idea of eternal recurrence with the rest of his philosophy?
Why is propositional logic decidable?
Hobbes on imagination: mental images or ideas?
If the semantic entailment relation u ⊨ v holds, is u ⊢ v valid?
Should I take Math GRE Subject Tests for applying to Philosophy Phd to study Philosophy of Math?
What is the philosophy of terrorism?
Exactly what was Wittgenstein's argument against identity?
Adam Smith: If humans are self-interested individuals, why should we reinvest our wealth?
Why does Pascal say "it is through their lack of proofs that they show they are not lacking in sense"?
Should I respect other people's religions?
Is Elohim a person in "The Talos principle"?
How can a Computer Engineer give up material needs and become Spiritual?
Definitions of: Fact, Theory, Hypothesis, Evidence and prediction
Stoic Aphorisms?
Who knows more about the true nature of reality: an expert scientist or an expert meditator?
"That religion is not a race doesn't stop people who attack it from being racist!" Is this a logical fallacy?
To neglect the percentage of people expected to have the disease: Is this a Base Rate Fallacy?
Making moral humans - What are the counter-arguments?
What makes a religion genuine or acceptable?
Hume's epistemology : impressions, causality, and judgment ?
What would Kant say about this situation considering the categorical imperative?
How does strong evidence imply truth?
What particular problem in Popper's falsificationism does Kuhn's approach to the demarcation problem solve?
Are there specific names for and objections to "no miracles - no deity" argument?
When people say I need evidence to believe in God, what constitutes 'evidence'?
Why does one need 'proof' that God exists - What constitues 'proof'?
Using the conception of 'reliable, unchanging' does 'truth' exist?
Is *aition* rendered better as "cause" or "explanation"?
Are physical measurements constructs?
What sort of philosophical idea is characterized by the proposition that "language is software"?
Does relating objects implies in the search of a common unity?
What is the name of the position which claims that "everything that is possible, exists"?
Geneaology of Morals Essay 2 Section 21
Is it possible to define "the supernatural"?
Does definition of Fact in philosophy have any relation with time and place?
Has Putnam's "division of linguistic labor" been developed elsewhere?
How does desire lead to the supernatural?
Law of excluded middle in modal logic?
How can an uneducated but rational person differentiate between science and religion?
"Always is always wrong"
What fallacy assumes that being familiar with something makes one an expert on it?
Is Buridan's impetus the same as velocity in Aristotle?
What are the "undefinable numbers" in real analysis and philosophy?
What is the relation between calculus and Aristotle's view of infinite divisibility?
Should it be the String Hypothesis rather than String Theory?
Eternal Return as palliative care for the weak
Logical Atomism's long term effect on modern culture?
What is Kant's effect on modern culture, beyond philosophy?
On Capitalism and Communism
How would Hume classify computer generated mathematical proofs?
What is the fallacy in "If A, then B; not B; therefore not A"?
What developments prompted Cliffords picture of spacetime?
What is the “intended project” in Appendix B of Principia Mathematica?
Is Kant's first axiom precise?
Is this a proper counter-example to the causal theory of knowledge?
Does "technological unemployment" violate the second law of thermodynamics?
Definition of social personality from Dennett still working with digital Identities?
Is being a philosopher immoral according to Kant?
Are citizens in a democratic society morally obligated to vote?
What are the main issues on which the schools of Intuitionism, Formalism, and Logicism disagree?
On travelling through a void, constantly
How would I deduce a≠c from a≠b and b≠c in Fitch?
If there is a difference between a priori knowledge and innate knowledge, what is it?
Why does Hume believe a priori knowledge retains the value of meaning despite our not experiencing it?
A implies ¬A. Is my reasoning on the following example correct?
What does "the fact that P causes Q" mean?
What are some good continental resources on ontology and epistemology?
Is 'meaning of life' a recent topic in philosophy?
Per Kuhn's "puzzle solving" demarcation criteria, don't Creationism and Lysenkoism simply fall into the category of "normal science"?
Does higher order conceptual processing present a challenge for Epiphenomenalism?
Why might truth imply necessity?
What are some good introductions to analytic ontology?
Does philosophy progress?
Does logical positivism necessarily entail reductionism?
What are the criteria by which we could determine whether some field is philosophy rather than wisdom?
Can something "count" as TRUE without support by logic and empirical data?
What are the counterarguments against abortions in rape cases to the Thomson paper?
Does doing comparative philosophy presuposse adopting cultural-relativism?
What makes an experience religious?
In light of Eichmann's Case: what makes a regime's legitimacy end?
Nazism & ISIS and the misinterpretation of ideologies?
Soudness of an argument in natural language
Is it possible for two different theories to describe nature correctly without one being reductible into the other?
Does modal logic have truth tables?
What is the epistemic principle behind the fact that a digital photo is considered more reliable evidence of an event than a drawing by a human?
What sets apart humans from other animals?
Thinkers and scientists opposed to philosophy?
Are there objective criteria for aesthetic judgment?
Are time and space just containers or are they autonomous physical objects?
Are there some facets of perceptual experience which cannot be characterized as conceptual?
Can Suicide be Rational?
Is it fallacious to argue "you can't say X because you lack authority"?
Interpreting Leibnitz's "Law Of Continuity"
On what grounds can a democratic state prohibit pornography?
What is the difference between identity and equivalence?
How do i stop assuming bad things about the Future?
What is the point of reductio ad absurdum in metaphysics?
What kind of an argument is this?
What are the two formulations of Kant's universalizability test?
Was Socrates a critic or a cynic?
Does refuting the fine-tuning argument for the existence of God necessarily require belief in a Multiverse?
Was Gödel already a Platonist when he discovered/proved his incompleteness theorems?
Alan Turing on the philosophy of mathematics
What does it mean to say that Kant has a twofold ontology?
Do philosophical theories stay independent of scientific discoveries?
How have philosophers from Descartes to Kant understood the soul?
What is conventionalism in philosophy of science?
What is the underdetermination of theories by evidence, and how does it square with scientific realism?
Faith in science
Is geometry mathematical or empirical?
Is Rand's Objectivism consequentialist/consequentially motivated?
What is the relation between interpretation and explanation in social sciences?
Are there modern Leibnizians?
Can Pascal's wager be made to work?
Why does Russell prohibit judgments based on knowledge by description?
Does philosophy matter to personal life?
How does pre-axiomatic geometry relate to axiomatic one?
What Epictetus meant in "Enchiridon" XLVI?
Is anyone considered authoritative on Kant's First Critique?
What are some replies to the deterministic argument against free will?
What is critical rationalism?
On the difference between "knowing" and "understanding"?
What is the philosophical position asserting that science is a mere tool for prediction?
Is it a fallacy to say that a sane person cannot apply rational thought to the motivations of the insane?
Recommended discussions of light and "the speed of light" in modern philosophy?
What is an assumption?
How do I check if two logical expressions are equivalent?
Where should a complete novice start to learn logic?
How can a society be humane while not allowing people to freeload?
Is Aristotle's resolution of Zeno's paradoxes vindicated by motion in the intuitionistic continuum?
Is there a flaw in Spinoza's argument about gender inequality?
Does Aristotle have anything to say about the interpretative paradoxes of QM?
What name or label applies to a statement the very act of making which contradicts its truth?
Does Aristotle inspire late-20th or 21st century physicists?
Do Gödel's incompleteness theorems have any consequences for epistemology?
Is death impossible because it is impossible to be conscious of being unconscious?
Analytic translations of Heidegger and Derrida?
Can anything be considered to be meaningful if it is neither a subject nor predicate?
Are there two types of negatives? Or why is there no symmetry between + and -?
Do limitations on computability and computational resources have any consequences for epistemology?
Would Utilitarianism say that surveillance of the public is wrong?
In Frege's analysis of existence, is it assumed that a subject exists if it is predicable in the first-order?
Are Methodological Assumptions of StackExchange Fundamentally Flawed?
Are you ethically obligated to download this?
Relationship between Kant and Wittgenstein
What is the term for twisting an argument so that it can be defeated?
Can conception of rights of citizens be sustained in a society characterized by racial discrimination?
What are some good books on phenomenology for a mathematician?
Is Slavoj Žižek taken seriously in academic circles?
Why does Naturalistic philosophy of science potentially encounter a circularity problem that foundationalist theories would not encounter?
Why do people who subscribe to self-refuting skeptical philosophies still argue with others?
Intentionality and emergentism in Marxist theories?
Is the B-theory of time compatible with libertarian free will?
Is it unethical to NOT donate unused processor time to science?
From the point of view of philosophy of science, what is abduction?
Does wave-particle duality pose a challenge to ontology?
What are some philosophical implications of relativity?
Did Plato record actual conversations in his dialogues?
What are the two methods that philosophers use to assess such sweeping theories?
What's the difference between intentionality and meaning?
INUS conditions for invalid arguments
In Fides et Ratio, how did John Paul II describe the role of reason and philosophy in the search for the meaning of life?
Did Aristotle write his works?
Is Nietzsche saying here that agnostics admire the unintelligible?
In the "Sleeping beauty problem", would Elga's answer change if it's 7 days instead of 2?
Can analytic philosophy today be divided into a given number of basic, contending positions?
Can someone give me a natural deduction proof for this argument?
On the meaning of "meaning"?
What are the Greek terms translated by 'lovers of wisdom' (philosophers)?
Impossibility of a Laplace-kind demon
What did Poincaré mean by intuition of pure number?
Is 'is' a verb?
How might you apply John Rawls' theory of justice as fairness to the issue of privacy and security?
“We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want.”- Lao Tzu.What does this mean?
What distinguishes species from genus?
To learn philosophy, which famous philosophers favour starting with modern introductions over primary sources?
What is the philosophical difference between "Reality" and "Truth"?
Can the history of science be used to derive a philosophy of science, with regard to Kuhn's philosophy?
What is the difference between cause and explanation?
How important is the Gita within Indian Philosophy?
Is any aspect of the supernatural testable? What level of proof is possible for the supernatural?
Does Parmenides not face self-contradiction in his views on inquiry?
Did Aristotle know that Moon revolves around the Earth?
Was Plato influenced by Moses?
If we assume that principles are the simplest propositions that can be said about an object, can they coherently be rejected?
Has anyone ever argued that religious beliefs are unjustified true beliefs?
How has big data affected theory formation, underdetermination and the realist/construtivist debate?
How can we respond to evil with love?
Is Conway-Kochen's "free will" theorem about quantum measurements an argument for panpsychism?
How do defenders of libertarian freewill reconcile it with constraints imposed by the laws of physics?
Is our idea of Artificial Intelligence incorrect?
Does the mind only conceive of one object at a time?
Does the Big bang imply Absolute time?
Introductory book on philosophy of logic?
Does Ricoeur Elaborate His Essay in a Book?
How is a person able to think?
How do animals think if they don't speak a language?
Logic proof on biconditional
What separates the middle works of Nietzsche from his later works?
Are our thoughts merely a product of chemical reactions?
Do Aristotle's four causes just work in "middle world"?
Is there a school of thought that addresses an engine behind every physical aspect of the universe?
Why is every choice the good choice for Sartre?
What are the philosophical consequences of the undecidability of the spectral gap in quantum theory?
Is Socrates a substance?
Can a materialist accept indeterminism? Can a reductionist?
How do compatibilists handle brainwashing?
Would it be correct to state that no single element would be able to prove itself?
In Aristotelian metaphysics, what are the constraints on what a thing can potentially be?
When was the earliest concept of 'inertial' motion thought through?
Is Objective Reality really just the Subjective Agreement of a given group?
Are there any good books on emptiness outside of Buddhism?
Relationship between intelligence, thinking and knowledge
What is the philosophical doctrine that most closely corresponds to the listed positions?
Does McTaggert say "the past that exists now won't always be the past"?
Question about praying
Could philosophy be top-down?
What is Wittgenstein's "criterial solution" to the problem of other minds?
How does Kant's transcendental argument show that the basis for Skepticism is unintelligible?
What is Daniel Dennett's definition of a true believer?
Could you explain what the dualist, the behaviorist and the identity theorist each would say about what is going on?
Could you explain “When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be” (attributed to Laozi)?
What is the difference between Philosophy and Theology?
Why don't fair coin tosses "add up"? Or... is "gambler's fallacy" really valid?
What is the distinction between mysticism and metaphysics?
Are there any philosophers that argued for knowledge having intrinsic value?
Help Hitler get into art school
How do you progress in self-learning Critical Thinking, after completing an introductory textbook?
Symbolic Logic Proof: Leprechauns Exist?
Is the problem of evil due to a fallacy or a paradox?
Aren't universals self-contradictory?
Finity to Infinity?
Physicalist platonism?
How does 'Law of attraction' explain attracting things that person is not aware of?
How to rate philosophy essays?
Must Kant's a priori concepts of Space and Time be known to us before the 12 pure Categories of the Understanding?
Is a "fair coin toss" a logical contradiction?
What is integration in philosophy?
Are particulars knowable?
How does it make sense to infer the existence of a group from a sequence of events?
Are arguments based on conceivability refuted by ideas from fantasy and sci-fi?
How does philosophy categorize practical advice on how to live?
Why do modern materialists tend to favor determinism?
Would Frege say "blue" is a concept or object?
Has anyone suggested a modern substitute for mythology?
What is the philosophical study of classification called?
What does Nietzsche mean by the intellectual costs that "For" and "Against" incur?
What justifies Russell's Law of Identity?
Can one argue against the objectivity of Social Media and TV sources as compared to more traditional bibliographical sources?
What is the causal connection between virtues and eudaimonea in virtue ethics?
Does one have to become a Platonist to refuse to be a Platonist?
How can a false premise still produce a Strong Inductive Argument?
Why do people perceive the randomness of events so poorly?
Does Plantinga's freewill defense approach to the problem of evil conflict with current standards of moral responsibility?
What is objective morality?
Who argues in line of cognition being an aspect or a shadow of mind?
How does Hegel define material, living and thought beings?
What is the most famous book on philosophical logic?
What are contemporary Non English language and Continental sources in philosophy of mind?
What is the sense of thinking in Being & Nothingness?
Who keeps track of science?
Is the unobserved universe quantum mechanical?
Truth and factness of reality
Are there any alternatives to the theory that virtues are the means between two vices?
What was ancient Philosophy written on/with?
Is there any contemporary philosophy about the nonduality I read about on web sites?
Is something describable subjective?
Is it ever possible to objectively state that a piece of music or film, or a genre, is better, or more artistically valid than another?
How is Kant's transcendental idealism related to Berkeley's subjective idealism?
What does Pirsig mean by "Quality"?
Does a proof necessarily entail an "explanation"?
What is the name of the fallacy characterized by "All A are B; therefore all B are A"?
Is "group X is responsible for the action (or inaction) of politician Y because they are the majority of voters" a fallacious argument?
Why do many physicists flat out refuse to think of what could be "before the Big Bang"?
Why can Intensional Meaning determine Extensional Meaning? Why not vice versa?
How does one justify "to deserve" when punishing or sentencing?
Is Appeal to Pity really an Argument from Compassion?
Where does the philosophical community stand on the eternal universe hypothesis?
How is 'Argumentum Ad Hominem Abusive' fallacious?
How does 'distorting an argument' differ from 'changing the subject'?
What fallacy is "sports use it so it must be a good system"?
Can the Kantian categories be interpreted naturalistically?
How was 'Argumentum ad Verecundiam' adopted to mean 'Appeal to Unqualified Authority'?
What is the philosophical definition for Agnosticism (compared to Atheism/Theism)?
Do philosophers have one or more terms for"not putting others above you" and what have they written about it?
Why cannot an absence of something cause something positive?
How is a complex question different to a leading question?
Who are the major thinkers of Act, Rule, and Motive Utilitarianism?
Are there any critical responses to Peter Winch?
What is a strong argument that shows social rules exist?
What is the difference between explanatory, descriptive, and predictive analysis?
Is there a named fallacy for the argument that a proposition is "believable by comparison"?
What is the difference between plants and animals for Singer?
How does Husserl's "bracketing" secure a truly presuppositionless study?
Wittgenstein criticizes Coffey's work 'The Science of Logic' in its assumption that every proposition requires a subject and a predicate. Why?
Do human beings always act rationally (i.e. in an internally consistent manner)?
What are the major philosophical interpretations of probability?
Would truly random events be strictly equivalent to events without a cause?
What is the relation between proof in mathematics and observation in physics?
What philosophies cover this subject of life not being fair?
Does it make sense to say an expanding line segment is finite?
Within Kant's moral philosophy, why should agents follow Kantian morality?
Where one should draw a line between X and Philosophy of X?
How can one verify "something that is everything"?
Can the principle of indiscernibility of identicals be restated as "I am what I think"?
How did the ideas of a poor slave like Epitectus spread before the printing press?
Would the absence of universals not make it impossible to make and/or express judgments?
What are the etymologies of 'subcontrary' and 'subalternation'?
How to assess philosophically whether String Theory is Science or rather Metaphysics?
What does Paul Guyer mean by "presuppose" here?
Where are all the Universes?
Where can I learn the etymology behind the terminology of philosophy?
What does Russell mean by "term" in Principles of Mathematics?
Is materialism a self-refuting position?
What is 'major' about the major term in logic?
Is it even possible to resolve the truth of different philosophic schools of thought?
How might aesthetics be radically Other?
One and many, particular and universal, individual and general... how do they relate?
Did Derrida write a book on the subject of violence?
How is knowledge most commonly defined today?
Does an absolute moral value always have the same value?
Is taking a drug that makes us mentally go back in time and simulate our life in sleep the same as doing it "physically"?
Quantum Mechanics has formally undecidable problems. What is the philosophical significance of this?
What are some arguments against the brain-in-a-vat thought experiment?
In a Venn Diagram, why does double shading of an area invalidate a syllogism?
Why does the critical term correspond to the circle all shaded except for one area?
In a Syllogism with an I Proposition as the conclusion, why must both premises be affirmative?
How is non-reductive materialism different from dualism?
What is the logical fallacy if persons A says X and person B changes the subject?
Why is the biconditional true if both components are false?
How can we let go of one (the Self) and not the other (Free Will)?
Does anything follow from falsity in Aristotelian Logic?
How can rational choice theory be explanatory?
How would an interpretivist justify using game theory?
Why can an affirmative conclusion never be drawn from negative premises?
How do affirmative premises assert class inclusion rather than class separation?
Was Socrates of the belief that knowledge was attainable after death?
Why was the horseshoe symbol (⊃) selected for Material Implication?
How does 'unless' mean 'or' intuitively?
How is (A → B) → C different from A → (B → C)?
Is there a word for the idea that the world is "a collection of collections"?
Can there be a priori truths for science?
What are some arguments for that humans are more important than animals?
Is the use of inconsistent definitions a logical fallacy?
What is the difference between pseudoscience and non-science?
Can strong omnipotence be decomposed into logically possible and logically impossible aspects?
Why do epiphenomenalists believe that consciousness exists?
How does Transposition differ from Contraposition?
In which books does Descartes propose his ideas about mind-body dualism?
Does the impossibility of an infinite regress prove God exists?
Origin of Charles Sander Peirce's model of triadic signs diagram?
How to successfully defend an exception without committing special pleading?
Does gay marriage justify incest marriage because both are consensual activity?
How not is 'Conditional Proof' weaker than Direct Method?
Why can some arguments be proven only through Conditional or Indirect Proof?
Why does this Conditional Proof write: T → (T ˅ T) → T?
Should these two explanations of Conditional Proof be identical to each other?
How do you decide how these Conditional Statements written in prose should be symbolised: (A → B) → C or A → (B → C)?
Before starting the Reductio Ad Absurdum, how can you guess or divine that F causes the contradiction?
If X cannot emerge from nothingness, must X's existence be the decision of a Creator?
How does a Statement Function 'make no definite assertion about anything'?
What is the meaning of the following sentence in "Nature, Man and Woman" by Alan Watts?
What sort of problems does reading theistic phenomenology like Jean-Luc Marion offer an atheist?
What is a straight line?
What are the steps and thought process behind translating Exclusive Propositions into Standard Categorical Form?
What distinctions between Exclusive vs Exceptive Propositions have I overlooked?
What is the difference between real and nominal definitions?
What is the 4th Dimension?
What 'certain liberties' inject meaning to Statement Functions?
For Universal Instantiation of a Variable, besides notation, does (x)ℱx differ from ℱy?
How to translate 'azaleas bloom if and only if they are fertilized' into symbolic logic?
The number Pi as a simulated reality counterargument?
Can philosophy justify itself?
Is it ethically correct for a physician to refuse a course of treatment demanded by the patient?
Can an argument be valid if one of its premises is invalid?
Is this argument, with roots in virtue ethics, valid?
How are epistemological and ontological realism related?
In a utilitarian calculus, where do I find the values that I assign each "feeling" or action?
Is what makes a proposition true only determined by its referent?
Is it really problematic for Universal Instantiation to precede Existential Instantiation?
How does the ambiguity of 'All S are not P' not disturb the 4 Quantifier Negation Rules?
How did Kant define knowledge?
A law prevents a crime from occurring yet someone forces it to occur?
How does Bernoulli's theorem make an inference from chance to frequencies and not vice versa?
How can "Diesseitigkeit" be understood in Marx' Theses on Feuerbach?
Does causality always require time?
Are there any proofs that miracles are impossible?
In Predicate Logic, for a Conditional Proof, why can you directly assume the Statement Function?
Besides notation, how does (x)ℱx differ from ℱx?
What is wrong with my intuition of Modus Tollens?
What are the original Greek expressions for "is predicated of", "applies to" and "belongs to"?
Does a rejection of the principle of sufficient reason result in blurring the distinction between being and non-being?
Why do philosophy of mind courses tend to bypass Kant?
'Any heavyweight can defeat any lightweight' : Why are all the quantifiers not at the front?
'Any heavyweight can defeat any lightweight.' : How do you bracket the Nested Conditional?
(∃x)(∃y)(Jxy v Kxy) ⊃ (∃x)Lx : Why can this not be instantiated?
What are the problems with the argument for the mind-body dualism from immateriality of thoughts?
Is my interpretation of Objectivism in relation to environmental preservation correct?
Why must Rules of Inference be applied only to whole lines, without quantifiers?
When does ℱx ≡ (x)ℱx ? What if x has the same domain in both?
Does anything you can think of exist?
How many angels can dance on the head of a pin?
Is deriving natural rights from nature a logical fallacy?
Would a truly objective system of ethics amount to a form of dualism?
In light of the ecological crisis, what defence can be made for anthropocentrism (human-centredness)?
What are some references on intertextuality?
What are "Things" in Letters to a Young Poet?
Is it unethical to cheat at solitaire?
For preventing something, why do we usually search for the Necessary and not the Sufficient Conditions?
How does negating an existential quantifier work?
How can many Methods of Agreement or Difference overpower 1 Joint Method?
How does one cause impede the action of another cause?
Why is John Rawls taken more seriously than Ayn Rand?
How important is studying higher mathematics for graduate study in philosophy?
What are the problems with Plantinga's evolutionary argument against naturalism (EAAN)?
What are Marx's ideas on the fetishization of commodities?
What are the philosophical roots of the current American parenting style?
How do Ad Hoc Modifications corrupt and pervert Hypotheses?
Is there any similarity between Kant's noumena and the empty set?
How is Occam's Razor reconciled with consideration of less likely scenarios?
Suffering, the sacred, and the sublime: what should science make of the third kind of knowledge?
If the Bible contains circular reasoning, does it discredit it?
"nothing" and "no-thing" - is "nothing" a negative term that is too easy to convert into a positive one?
Reducing chemistry to physics
'Less fuel is consumed by cars than by fire trucks' : Why 'Composition' and not 'Hasty Generalisation'?
'Cars have almost disappeared. So this car has almost.' : Why 'Division' and not 'Accident'?
Why is there no fallacy, if an Argumentum ad Hominem attacks someone who is not arguing?
Since ad hominem arguments affect credibility, how are they still fallacious?
Is the rationality an instinct for the man?
Have philosophers attributed an intrinsic value to life?
Quantum entanglement and its implications for modern science
Can Dennett's reciprocity be seen in social networks?
What is a description?
What does Bertrand Russell mean by saying Christianity nowadays requires us to use a vaguer meaning?
Why did pre-Socratic philosophers take on the concept of 'being'?
How does Chalmers' "hard problem" differ from "the problem of other minds" ?
What does Marx mean by "value form"?
How is conceptual irreducibility of the mental possible given a physicalist ontology?
How to approach contemporary anarchist theories?
Has anyone ever argued that the laws of Nature and physics are necessary truths?
Can the tendency toward social construction of mental illness be decoupled from responsibility?
Which branches of philosophy matter most to law?
Did Gödel oppose or agree with the Logical Positivists?
How is Kant's 'Kingdom of Ends' anything more than just a combination of the first 2 maxims?
Is rationality the same as instrumentality?
Why does the philosophy concerned with the problem of negative existential statements not make use of mental representations to solve it?
Buber's "It-world": original German?
How to show -(P -> -Q) ⊢ P&Q?
'Money is an essential part of self-esteem.' : How is this the missing premise?
'God exists and does not deceive us': Why is this necessary for memory of proofs?
What is a simple book summarizing Cartesian philosophy?
Why would God need an independent variation of the world to allow for painless pinpricks?
How is it difficult to 'fill out this thought without relying in other ways on other mental states of the subject'?
What is the difference between essential and existential ontology?
What are the relationships between the classical elements?
What is the relationship between Science and Religion?
What are the philosophical issues with a non-spatial, non-temporal Being creating a spatial, temporal universe?
How does mind discovers its own existence?
Which 20th century analytic philosopher wrote about a thought-experiment of a king and a jester?
Who was Descartes trying to refute when he came up with his cogito?
Why does Kierkegaard's pseudonym Johannes De Silentio believe Abraham exemplifies faith?
What actually are meaningless symbols?
Can Kant's antinomies be translated into formal logic?
Was Kant anticipating Gödel's incompleteness in his antinomies?
Is logic subjective?
What is the philosophical motivation for open sourcing software?
Was the Brain-in-a-Vat thought experiment explored philosophically before Putnam?
Intuitively, why is a Necessary Condition, weaker than and opposite of, a Sufficient Condition?
Can explanatory historical accounts (as opposed to descriptive ones) ever be falsified?
Is immortality worth any risk?
How might an idealist explain the empirical success of science?
Senses without phenomenology: are they quales?
Can trivial and ridiculous perfect duties be constructed?
Can anyone explain what do they mean by, 'The past is just a story we tell ourselves'?
Did Kant come to believe that we have access to things-in-themselves after all?
Why, according to Adorno, were Schoenberg's innovations progressive?
'metaphysical asymmetry between past and future' : Meaning?
How does eating precede cooking? If influencing the past is useless, then what is the problem?
IF knowledge were justified true belief, then would innate knowledge be impossible?
Which contemporary philosophers explicitly engage with Nietzsche's statement that "God is dead"?
Granted Hume's psychological perspective regarding impressions and ideas, doesn't this make his epistemology obscure?
Does 'to believe that P' imply 'to believe that P is true'?
How do mathematical Platonists think about formal systems?
If you bet on something unenforceable does it still happen some how?
Can Gödel's incompleteness theorems be applied to ethics?
What would Marx say about Lenin?
What is the difference between correlation and causation?
What epistemic principle allows us to be certain that highly improbable events will never occur in real life?
Why did many valued logic fail in describing modal logic?
Is existentialism philosophy?
can you express universal quantification ∀x(Px ≡ Qx) simply as Px ≡ Qx?
Is it ethical to give/donate/sell placebo pills marketed as "miracle" pills, if people actually get better?
What is the formal name for the desert island fallacy?
Is the capacity to form associations of impressions a passive reality or is it indicative rather of an active principle?
When 'I' is used as a subject, why do we disuse 'I' and so create an illusion?
How can you imagine yourself in another state, without mentally transporting yourself to that imagined state?
Why does Nietzsche call Plato a bore?
Does materialism presuppose that a self is a bundle of mental states and perceptions?
Is naturalized epistemology insincere?
Did Adorno retain anything from Heidegger's Being and Time?
Is the "final cause" argument for God decisive?
What is the difference between Naturalism and Physicalism?
Is the theory of evolution a good basis for an argument against freewill?
Why do old theories take priority over new ones?
Can the meaning of "negative dialectics" be paraphrased?
Are the prisoner's dilemma and game theory relevant to this competitive workplace scenario?
Free will in the face of determinism?
How can a phenomenon be compatible with several theories?
How does a mechanism reduce 'the number of independent assumptions we need to make'?
In what sense must a gift be unconditional?
What makes the "lazy arguments" (you have no chance, so don't bother) valid or invalid?
Why must the sentence form of a valid argument be tautological?
What is the enigma of art?
Dialectics of Enlightenment - Why is Enlightenment Myth and vice versa?
Can one pursue knowledge without their own personal perspective?
Can any signature be counterfeit?
Is it possible to use Wittgenstein's family resemblance approach to universals to separate high art from commercial art?
Is there a name for the fallacy of "hypocrisy of a group"?
If a formula φ contains at most one occurrence of any sentence letter, then φ is not a tautology
What are the minimal requirements of a "measurement"?
'space of which some 'if's are true' vs 'space of which other kinds of 'if's are true'
What is the meaning of "using against the edifice the instruments or stones available in the house" in Derrida?
What is the difference between type identity physicalism and eliminativism?
What does Kant mean when distinguishing time and space from experiences?
How do you think for the object to 'conform to the constitution of our faculty of intuition'?
Is it legitimate to win a moral debate with logic?
Is there a logical fallacy in "dropping down" to a different level of abstraction?
How did quantum mechanics shape the scientific method?
Are questions about existence purely semantic?
How does Quantum science and Objectivism mix?
Is it thought that analytic philosophy is in decline after the linguistic turn?
Size of a point
Can one speak unambiguously of "The" Scientific Method?
Do impossible properties include all properties?
can talent be gained or is it inbuilt in us from birth?
About the fear of non-existence
How does the concept of "the Other" relate to the problem of "other minds?"
Is German idealism ontological, epistemic, or something more abstract?
Is the topic of adoption by same-sex couples treated by contemporary applied ethics?
How does Kant make the transition from proving the existence of synthetic apriori truths to the noumena/phenomena distinction?
The Logic Of Sense
Why does Simon Blackburn think psychological egoism is ENTIRELY wrong?
What does it mean to 'objectify' a concern?
What kind of knowledge can be gathered without testing hypotheses?
How does non-cognitivism not need belief or picking of facts?
What is Kant's influence on philosophy of science and the demarcation problem?
How to address hard to verify claims?
Is there a logic of married bachelors?
Is this type of induction a problem?
What would be the difference between property and kind?
Is Philosophy "After The Fact" knowledge?
Is "Truth" something like a Dirac Delta Function?
What could be reasons why incest is wrong?
How is temporal logic not vacuously true?
Nietzsche's Death of God: Why Zarathustra?
Literature on Mathematical Universe Hypothesis beyond Tegmark?
How do freewill compatibilists define insanity?
What is the Anti-Realist and Constructionist interpretation of empirical dating methods and existence of the past?
How do I counter this argument?
Hume held that the self could not be proved due to its not being an impression or idea, but is not the self necessary for associative capacities?
Why be human species?
How does Wittgenstein's argument against recognizing private sensations work?
Why is "the problem of criterion" problematic?
How to counter argument from silence?
Counterfactual damages?
moral relativism on science
Why cannot reports of a miracle overpower all our experience and laws of nature?
Short article/book about the differences in the styles of doing philosophy?
being in the city ‘off-limits’ or ‘inconceivable’ as much as conceivable
Is it correct to define a lack of understanding of the scientific method, as a "lack of epistemological education"?
Is there an actually existent distinction between the presence of object to mind and the awareness of the presence of object to mind?
What's the difference between a philosophical ontology and a computational ontology?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
What debating tactic does the monk Nagasena use against King Milinda?
Why should you remain committed to a principle if it succeeded in the past, but not if you know not its efficacy?
Circa 2002, did most philosophers consider philosophical thoughts 'situated'?
Literal vs. common translations of "Eudaemonia"
Can I pursue philosophy while studying mathematics?
How can probability statements be falsified?
Is this a well-formed formula of FOL?
What is(are) the importance(s) of formal reasoning
Translating from English to FOL
Translating from FOL into English
Is this a sentence of FOL?
What if early religion was created for closure
Why is it ethical wrong to rescue lots of lives to the expence of a single one?
Can utilitarianism be manipulated to do awful things
Is number π empirical or a priori?
What is the real meaning of a "well-defined" notion?
How to translate grundsein?
Hilbert's Sixth Problem: Is Kolmogorov's solution the last word?
Can Wittgenstein's critique of private language be turned against (modernized) Kant?
What do we know absolutely?
Question about Sartre's The Imaginary
What counters are there to Spinoza's argument that acts of free will create infinite regress?
What is wrong with the following argument for dualism?
How to implement the so called 'principle of charity'?
Is there a metaphysics or theology positing a mutable soul?
Is the moon really there when not seen?
Reverse tautologies in rhetorics
How do Christians decide which biblical laws to retain and which to discard?
How did the idea of fate arise?
Does Art require an Audience?
Existence of numbers, were they invented or discovered?
What is substance dualism, it is required for either belief in a life after death or arguments for life after death?
Can you teach something you don't know?
Do Aristotelians reject science and if so why?
Must everything in time be subject to time?
Negation of a simple sentence, but confusing one
Is all knowledge dependent on culture?
What's the fallacy of diminishing one's faults by pointing out that others are worse?
How can the physical world be an abstract mathematical structure a la Tegmark?
Why did René Descartes opine that languages are 'fruits of study', but oratory and poetry 'gifts of the mind'?
What fallacy dismisses a conclusion because supporters give invalid arguments for it?
How do total utilitarians respond to the problem of future people?
Montaigne's "Of Experience": was he delusional? How does he justify using experience so much?
What is an Event for Badiou?
Are the assertions "2 + 2 equals 4" and "2 + 2 is 4" identical
Why is the line between philosophy and science unimportant for philosophy?
Does physical cosmology imply ontological dualism?
If there is granted the fact of a 'state of awareness', must it be considered a condition of a 'subject'?
If it weren't for the theory of evolution, would the argument from design for God's existence be justified?
Does Every Logic Have the Potential for Violent Measurement?
Is color intrinsic to light?
Is Tarski's theory of truth compatible with intuitionism?
Elementary logic. Doubt about interpretation
Is film making ethical?
Why does Nietzsche blame all sufferers themselves for their suffering?
Is it self-evident that utilitarianism requires altruism?
Is it possible for a premise form to be both tautologous and contradictory?
At which point is an insult no longer ad hominem?
What's the relationship between good will and duty?
What was Einstein's contribution to philosophy?
Can something be true if it does not follow logic?
Can we define a well formed formula?
Why is the formal essence of the signifier presence?
Who was the first to argue that consciousness exists?
"If p, then q" = "q unless ~p"?
How are subconscious mental states possible?
Russel's paradox compared to Aristotle's logic
Is there a difference between 'only if' and 'if and only if'
Existence of mathematical objects: how?
How to distinguish between value and utility?
Is there a causal influence of the mental on the physical?
Why are western Philosophers not fair to Indian philosophers?
Why did only science and religion became widespread instead of magic?
Can there be an infinite regress of Creators?
When in the history and literature is for the first time spoken about a more empathetically moral?
Can you argue that you are not selfish?
Is it 'simply implausible' that minute regulations are rooted in God’s will or the nature of the universe?
Aristotle's Metaphysics
Is god just a matter of interpretation?
Is it possible to consolidate the philosophical traditions coming from different cultural spheres into a single unified philosophical cannon?
Have any philosophers argued that ad hominems are sometimes valid?
Who are contemporary notable non materialist women in the field of philosophy of mind?
Is Selfishness ethical or unethical?
Can a statement about the future be a 'fact'?
Is Philosophy about living?
Books to begin Husserl's Phenomenology
How do I counter this argument (and truth-table help)?
Can you feel a feeling you don't know about? Could it affect your emotions?
what is the difference between classical political philosophy and modern political philosophy?
A post in the desert - a metaphor used in a false-analogy argument in support of conservative institutions. Details please
What risk should we tolerate in accepting (im)migrants?
Meaning of Being in 'Being and Nothingness'?
Is color a hallucination?
Is it possible that space exists in itself according to Kant?
Must mathematical definitions be formal? If so, why?
Is it appropriate to say that mathematical knowledge has intrinsic value for mathematicians?
What is the branch of philosophy concerned with such questions?
Why is a career/family priority problem not a constructive dilemma?
Does Heidegger treat the word "life"?
Doubt: who worked on it?
What is a mental state?
Will scientific knowledge always have an application within or outside the realm of itself?
How does free will relate to external determination?
Impossible triangles, in what sense do they exist?
What is Kant's view of a mathematical object?
Why cannot Particulars be just groups of properties?
How do Kripke's rigid designators and the necessity of identity relate to the Duhem-Quine thesis?
How can opposing policies under the Particular-Universal Dualism still function well together?
Question on modal logic
Does a logical answer equal a simple answer in deductive reasoning?
Is there modal logic without possible worlds?
Philosophy term for "variation"
Can a statement about the past be a 'fact'?
when we have different results, can we say that logic is not universal?
How can statements in linguistics be falsifiable?
Did Marx ever consider that some work alienation is inevitable for the greater good of society?
Help understanding possible world formalism
If one agrees with the bundle theory of self, then isn't human society itself a real (as in non-metaphorical) self-aware mind?
Is self-expression not unique to creatives?
(How) Does philosophy make you a better moral agent?
What did Nietzsche and Marx think of each other?
Is ∃x(Ax -> Bx) the same as ∀x Ax -> Bx
Material conditional: Why does the absence of the predicate validate the conditional?
Why can parts of masterworks in philosophy be skipped?
Why does Aristotle believe that friends of virtue need no justice?
Is Kuhn's approach to the development of science historicist or not?
How does 'having an idea of something' differ from 'mental existence'?
What is the notion of a proof of a proposition for Martin-Löf?
Argument Validity
Why was Socrates put on trial and executed while Diogenes wasn't?
Why do "mudslinging" arguments about opponent's morality create a regress?
If one is coerced into believing something that is actually true, have they truly been deceived?
Has atheism answered this criticism of the moral philosophy "do as you would be done by"?
Is the concept of "fact" useful?
How does technology makes us better humans?
Aristotle's example of the material cause of a syllable
What are some books on the foundations of logic and its philosophy?
Can a physicist say why there is something rather than nothing?
If mathematics can predict how nature is what does is say about nature it self?
What does bedeutung refer to in the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus?
In which sense Wittgenstein criticizes Schopenhauer's WILL?
Is there a logical fallacy for confusing a word's definition with it's connotation
Is there any solution to hate speech vs free speech argument?
What are the relations between supervenience, grounding and emergence in philosophy of science?
What does Marcus Aurelius mean by 'sympathetic link'?
Why "philosophy never ends" for the tractarian Wittgenstein?
Could it be possible to refute Cantor's findings about multiple infinities on the basis of a radical new concept, that decimals are not numbers?
Where can I find a correlation to Russell's epistemology in the Tractatus?
What is the meaning of death?
Which is the difference between Sache and Sachverhalt in the Tractatus?
What does Schopenhauer mean by 'A man can do what he wants, but not want what he wants'?
Are there philosophies that call for things which are not mind nor matter?
How should science approach non-empirical phenomena?
Can being lame and repose in a chair not imply Compatibilism?
is God good, or God is the good?
Can the square that ends a proof (similar to QED) be considered to claim the same thing as "necessarily" from modal logic?
Fitch Formal Logic Help 6.26
Apparent causation in a strictly causally determined world
What is the name of the following fallacy?
Why would David Hume judge 'bread nourishes' as a Matter of Fact, and not a Relation of Idea?
Why are Idealists not entitled to believe in laws of nature?
Why did Spinoza believe that God's infinity, but not God's perfection, implied causal necessity?
a relationship with the other
Does a discussion of McTaggert's B series appear in continental philosophy?
Arguments for determinism
Do some of us possess a godsense?
How can I prove a contradiction follows from P <-> Q and P -> ~Q?
What Qualifies Sentience?
Necessity in relation to possibility
Necessity and possibility (again)
Example of knowledge representation as a surrogate for something in the world
What are some alternatives to Mill's induction methods?
How does Quantum Mechanics affect the modern account of free will and determinism?
Has quantum mechanics destroyed the fundaments of logical reasoning?
'Rouge equals red' : How is this a posteriori?
Was Kant incorrect to assert all maths as 'a priori'?
Was Kant incorrect to assert 'natural sciences' as 'a priori'?
How should we measure the success of science and is scientific success a guide to truth?
Is it possible to measure the "rightness" of moral thought?
How can one rebut the argument that atheism is inherently immoral?
Direct Access to the Non-Existent
Aristotle's material causes: How deep should we go?
Stance of Bhagwad Gita regarding permanence of life
Metaphysically, what comes before the cognitive ability to make distinctions?
How does Spinoza support the argument that there is a match between ideas and physical objects?
Is it unfair for the rich to pay more total taxes ( not by percentage ) than the poor?
Why is Sartre averse to "images" in consciousness?
Can a rationalist ever be a materialist?
Should the debate about the ethics of meat consumption focus around sentience and the ability to suffer?
A similarity of Plato with Kant
Why did Kant import the Greek 'nooúmenon' for describing his noumenon?
Does Hume face circularity in his understanding of impressions?
What are some real-life applications of metaphysics?
Law of Contrapositives?
What are some contemporary debates regarding Plato's & Aristotle's writings?
Aristotle on Voluntary Euthanasia/Assisted Suicide
Why did Kant suggest that the act of speaking presupposes honesty?
Which are noumena: Physical objects, Time and space, Perfectly rational minds?
Where can I find logical fallacies in action?
Under moderate realism, what is considered the reason for similarity?
The main reasons for "qualia" being a problem?
Verum, Falsum, Atoms
Are there modern commentaries on Plato's Gorgias?
Satisfaction/validity and variable assignments
Should modern empiricists embrace string theory?
Why did Mill reference those who inhabit the more, rather than LESS, civilized parts of the world?
A form of Presentism
Can photography or film have its own new type of aura?
Good Introductions to Kants Critique of Judgment
Is there a certain connection between Quine and Buridan in their understanding of the distinction between meaning and naming?
How do medieval theories of reference account for *entia rationis* (objects of thought)?
Do Western logicians have a term for "the five crafts" (الصناعات الخمس)?
What books offer a philosophical interpretation of contemporary physics?
What is the connection between conscious mind and Gödel's incompleteness in a mathematical universe?
Kant's assumption of "universality"
Can there be a unidirectional value system?
Derivation using inference rules
Is it possible to argue that ideas don't exist, only facts exist?
Is there a term for the belief that science provides no knowledge at all even empirical?
What distinctions does Quine draw between ontological and ideological commitments?
Can cruelty and suffering be justified if it might lead to social transformation?
Does Kant anywhere introduce a collective subject?
Are there any counter arguments to the claim God does not exist because there is evil in the world?
How does Descartes understand the levels of formal reality?
Why does Zeno's paradox seem valid but remain obviously wrong?
What ethical problems would recreating Neanderthals from preserved / extrapolated DNA raise?
Are there exceptions to the principle of the excluded middle?
What is the difference between correlation and sufficient causation?
How to judge ethically?
Can I use "nomothetic" to refer to the calculus correctness perspective in the Tractatus?
Is it possible to have faith in science while espousing anti-realism?
How Russell and Ramsey misunderstood Wittgenstein with regard to the problem of the perfection of language?
What is the root reason for Nietzsche calling Kant a "fatal spider"?
J. J. Thomson: A Defense of Abortion - When is it permissible to kill?
Prop XI of Part 1 of Spinoza's Ethics
How can you refute the 'ancient knowledge passed down' argument that a new age or religious believer might use?
Can we act immorally if we believe it is irrational?
Aristotle's efficient causes: How can they make sense?
Is Logic Pre-Human?
Are Dawkins and Dennett more Sci-Fi than Science?
help with answering the set of statements : All cats are lions, some lions are mice, all mice are giraffes
Can Humans Maintain a Free Relationship With Technology?
How Can the Unobservable be Verified?
The mind-body problem in antiquity and the middle ages
What kind of philosophical questions are transcendental philosophical questions?
Can the correspondence theory of truth really be completely avoided?
Arguments against "if I don't, someone else will"
Logic of inductive inference will free statisticans - why?
can a vague sentence be considered meaningful in the Tractatus?
How does Szasz refuse a "sick role" to mental illness?
Do alternative theories of self eventually dissolve into either the substance theory or the bundle theory?
If something can create a paradox, that something cannot exist, can that be used to disprove God?
Can this consciousness of mine exist irrespective of the body?
Are propositions of sciences to be considered propositions of natural language, in the Tractatus?
Language-related question to "Let's Not Talk About Objectivity"
Why may I considere Wittgenstein a Kantian thinker with regard to metaphysics?
What is the Hindu Advait philosophy?
Are all the consequences of a science in the science's principles?
Can one be a reductionist without being a materialist?
What is the sense of primitive expressions?
What philosophical problem did Newton solve?
Application of Leibniz's law to infer that things are different
Which problem is Russell focusing on while providing a solution, in his introduction to the Tractatus?
Is there such thing as a fully secular writing?
Does a quantum system change in-itself or by contact?
Is it correct to describe genuine possibilities as 'pure nothing'?
Does Sartre's disdain of some professions contradict Kant's Categorical Imperative?
Is "you're part of the problem" a logical fallacy?
What would non-reductive physicalists say about the mind and teleportation?
Why does 'I did this' express nausea per Sartre, but not 'I want to do this '?
For Dewey, why is a beaver dam NOT a tool?
Why would Dewey opine that reading Shakespeare is not an instance of true learning?
What philosophical reasoning do proponents of copyright infringement use in support of their position?
Can reason defend itself without resort to reason?
Are Lockean Ideas phenomenological?
What are the philosophical consequences of a relativised ontology?
What is Intelligence in philosophical context?
Can we have knowledge if it all turns out to be untrue?
Does truth not require belief?
How would you know if nonobservable entities exist?
Are there any school of thought share the same answer with me to veil of ignorance?
Quine - two dogmas of empiricism
Why do we confine ourselves to static ‘thing’ logic when we are dealing formally with time, which is dynamic?
Why does a formal language not need to specify time interval to be interpreted?
Has anyone made a good defence of Nietzsche's nihilism being available to Christians?
Is our reality real?
Phenomenology of abstraction
Does running a program about quantum mechanics on a quantum computer count as an experiment or a simulation?
Reference request + What philosophies are there as to ontology of numbers?
Aristotle and irony for gentlemen?
Why does Socrates think that you can master something without wisdom or knowing what one is talking about?
Could there be such a thing as a universal logical language?
How does Locke's realism differ from Kant's realism?
Utilitarianism and happiness
If victims are too sad about a sunk cost's reason to pay it again, how's their unwillingness the Sunk Cost Fallacy?
Does omnipresence imply perfect wisdom?
Have any thinkers applied empiricism to the dreaming and deep sleep states?
What is ontic structural realism about?
Did Kant consider Newtonian mechanics a priori?
What is the Kantian reason to release a slave?
Why does imagining absence at a funeral cause you to imagine being there?
Why are equality and fairness valued so highly?
Why is having a child and killing it worse than just not having it?
What was Cantor's philosophical reason for accepting the infinite but rejecting the infinitesimal?
Can an entity like a car be Dasein?
Can world without earth begin an artwork's strife?
Logical fallacy classification: comparing the best from one group with the worst in another
How does physiology support the claims of transparent consciousness or direct realism?
What to do when encountering a logical fallacy?
What is the name of this "paradox" about predictions?
Does Epictetus State "Only One Cause Motivates Us", Or "One Cause More than Others"?
Why does Quine expand the underdetermination thesis through his global holism?
Has anyone used the challenges facing the demarcation of science problem to justify religious and mystical worldviews?
Which fallacies best describe these situations?
If "All S is P" is true, does it contradict "No non-S is non-P"?
Who/what was Horkheimer referring to when he said that "Reason, in destroying conceptual fetishes, ultimately destroyed itself."?
Can I say that extension is a synonym for isomorphism?
To what extent do variations of Hume's Fork permeate modern philosophy, and specifically the analytical community?
What does it mean to know something?
Is the claim that atheism is the null hypothesis invalid because it applies a physical measurement to the metaphysical?
Prove by induction that no terms in FOL of arithmetic begins or ends with 2 plus signs (++)
Is this a valid solution to the liar paradox?
Can a life have a trivial meaning if it's all there is?
Was indeterminacy of linguistic meaning, as understood by Quine, anticipated by the Aristotelian-Thomistic tradition?
In modern logic, why does "All S is P" contradict "Some S is not P"?
Why are these formulas not well-formed in syllogistic logic?
Are "mathematically possible universes" the same as "logically possible universes"?
Does human progress ultimately reduce individuals to Nietzsche's last men?
How do psychoanalysts like Freud and Lacan interpret the concept of "proof"?
Doubt about the relationships in the Semantic Triangle
Are there any books which reduce famous Philosophical Arguments to Logical Notation?
Is there a term for this poor idealist argument?
What sort of creativity do Nietzsche's higher men have?
Does Einstein's local realism in quantum mechanics imply superdeterminism?
How does a realist account for causation between universals and particulars?
David Lewis, conditionals and restrictive quantification
Philosophy of Science: Empricism, Sense Data and Scientific Practice
What is the difference between everyday realism and metaphysical realism?
Difference between soul and spirit
Rudolf Carnap's opinion about free will
What is the most common (or best) answer provided by religious figures/advocates about the purpose of unfair pain and sickness in the world
Is there a reason, to give scholar or students in universities more (or less) freedom of speech, than to regular people?
Lacan seems to invert 'metaphor' and 'metonymy': why?
If religion is the opium of the masses, are the masses self-medicating or is someone drugging them?
Can we be ethical and still deny someone a health procedure or treatment, even if the procedure or treatment is necessary?
What does Husserl mean by essences?
If it's impossible to separate science from metaphysics, is it is also impossible to separate science from ethics and values?
Does the Denial of the External World Lead to Solipsism?
What Justifies Reason (Newby Question)
Question of Identity
Is this a fallacy: no argument against X, therefore X?
Something that has an end must have a beginning?
The morals of passivity
In what fundamental ways, if any, does Husserl break with Kant?
How do you prove that this is a tautology?
What should I do when i find neither pro or con compelling in regards to a practical action?
Sartre's use of the word "Transcendence" and its meaning
On the Objections to Compatibilism
Do questions come before or after art activity?
Can anything be declared as fact?
Have any metaphysics arguments been critiqued along the lines of Turing Equivalence in computer languages?
Are Nontransitive Dice a problem for probability interpretations?
Marx's Alienated Labor in Relation to Man
If metaphysical grounding of beliefs is not necessary what is to logically compel one to believe anything?
The Death of Language - what does it mean?
Wittgenstein and Picturing Relationships
Is there a term for this logical fallacy: it rains because plants need water?
Free Will and Intelligence
Is this a legitimate solution to the brain in a vat problem?
How does Nietzsche's last man refuse life?
Isn't a brain not just another vat?
Can anyone solve (s→p)→r, ~r, (p→q)→(t→r)//~t
What is the gist of Heidegger's idea about 'being'?
Is there a philosophy of responsibility in terms of complacency
Why does the Second-Order Axiom schema of Comprehension not lead to Russell's Paradox for ZFC2?
Would Foucault advocate democracy?
Why did Aquinas distinguish his first three "cosmological argument" for God?
What is the fallacy where you completely discredit someone because of a single mistake?
In defense of consequentalism
Do we not exist when we don't think, according to Descartes? Or are we continuously thinking?
What responses have made to Kripke's criticism of the descriptivist theory of meaning?
Does Cartesianism really affect our present-day culture?
John Stuart Mill's Utilitarianism and its relationship to Aristotle's eudaemonism
No absolutely consistent foundation for math: logically possible?
How is Lakatos's hard core of theoretical assumptions different than Kuhn's paradigm?
Poignancy because of Gödel's theorems - why?
Is there a way to avoid Gödel's incompleteness affecting mathematics as a whole?
What is the relationship between Kripke's rigid designators and scientific realism?
What does Hobbes mean by the use of the word "Fancy" in Leviathan?
How should one properly characterize mathematical conclusions?
Who are the contemporary proponents of the metalinguistic view about idenity statements?
Is there a symbolic formulation of modal realism?
Is Feyerabend confusing discovery and justification when he criticizes the scientific method?
What is post sexualism, and is there a non confessional imperative?
What is erroneous about attacking someone's trying to understand how to live life?
Word for property such that any object which possesses it is the only object which possesses it?
Dasein is or isn't responsible, isn't accountable: so what?
Why is probability used to make decisions?
Logical fallacy of assuming people are stupid
Could relativity have been proven without classical physics?
Have interpreted Schopenhauer's ethics correctly?
What is the difference between ∃ (existence) and A (actuality)?
Justifying Sports (and perhaps entertainment, too)
Almighty entities cannot be brave nor trust in the power of love
Can different varieties of modality be used with existential quantification?
Something in Common, but Unequal
Is religion fundamentally problematic for logical decision making in society?
Does this philosophical argument about accidents and universal origin contain valid logical structure?
What would Marx and his dialectic claim happens when both classes have been ruined?
Has any philosopher, ever, claimed that the life of some people is of no value whatsoever?
Is there a systematic way of checking semantics?
Are QM interpretations physics or philosophy?
Is it possible to prove that time-passing is an illusion? If so how?
Are religions at the end more humble comparing with the more Asian streams?
How does Badiou summarise Levinas' approach to ethics?
Can meaning indeterminately be said to be indeterminate?
What 'various shades of pink' did Kant discover, about rose-tinted spectacles that tint our experiences?
What are the ethical issues specific to the coercive treatment of schizophrenia?
What is Feyerabend advocating when he says that science should be separate from the state just as the church is?
How does master morality damage the herd?
What is the connection between Hegel's "world of senses" "1st supersensible world" & "2nd supersensible world"?
Does philosophy fall apart without the law of identity?
According to modal realism, how many possible worlds are there?
What exactly does Spivak mean by strategic essentialism?
Are normal numbers evidence true randomness exists?
Does Quantum Entanglement Disprove the Principle of Locality?
What proof do we have that time is moving forward?
Did Frege criticize the style of the Tractatus?
Is the Golden Rule only half of the story?
What are computable numbers, and what is their philosophical significance?
Kant's Transcendal Idealism and Empirical Realism
Assistance in interpreting this excerpt concerning political philosophy
Critical Realism and Social Science
What is the definition of love according to Nietzsche?
Why should we consider Wittgenstein a Schopenhauerian idealist?
What factors determine the research approach in science?
Entanglement and the computability of nature
Does later Wittgenstein think that the pragmatic test for meaning is a determinant of semantic content to the exclusion of any other determinant?
What makes a relation 'satisfactory' under William James's pragmatist account of truth?
Kant and Error in his Transcendental Idealism
Are all self-evident truths necessarily redundant?
How does "Plotinian discussion of unity and multiplicity" contribute to Al-Kindi's cosmological argument?
Individual/Universal Concepts: What does Popper mean in section 14 of Logic of Scientific Discovery?
Did Easterlin paradox and Scitovsky joyless economy disprove utilitarianism?
A discrete time: impact on philosophical aspects
Critical Thinking Course - A Good Choice?
How does Kant link the noumenal and phenomenal worlds when it comes to the noumenal and phenomenal mind?
Do Wittgenstein and Quine give the same criticisms of semantics?
Can utilitiarianism require informed consent?
What is the difference between propositional sign and proposition in Wittgenstein's Tractatus?
What do you call a statement that is accepted as true but has never been proved?
Levinas' good/evil compared to Kantian good/evil
Do the future and the past exist?
Suppose A is a set of premises of an argument and B the conclusion of that argument. Prove that if A U {¬B} ⊢ ⊥, then A ⊢ B
Exercise 2.2b from A New Introduction to Modal Logic
Why should we listen to Michel Foucault if he based his arguments on biased historical claims?
Do qualia have an evolutionary purpose? (assuming they exist)
Does unconsciousness exist? Do we have sufficient warrant to believe consciousness is interruptible?
What is the nature of pragmatism as a claim? Can pragmatism ever be understood as a claim in light of its own conditions?
Socrates question on god
Wendelin, Marcus Friedrich - Logicae Institutiones tironum adolescentum
What's the current status of the "paradox of analysis"? And are there any strong and widely accepted resolutions?
Searching for paper: black boxes that violate bell inequalities more than quantum mechanics
Tarski's original proof of the undefinability of truth
proving (instead of discovering) the laws of quantum mechanics
Zeno's paradox (Dichotomy)
Why should we care about personal identity?
Zeno's arrow paradox
How could both Occam's Razor and complex theories like Quantum Mechanics be correct at the same time?
can kantian archetypes represent a priori concepts
Is it moral for humans to procreate?
From a Kantian perspective, could any aspect of this situation be considered moral?
Ethics and countries looking out for their citizens overseas
From a consequentialist perspective, how is using slaves to build buildings immoral?
Was Kierkegaard racist?
An absolute truth
Has philosophy from the end of the 19th century largely been forgotten?
Why does Camus consider an absurd life better than suicide?
Why is engaging others as friends considered good while engaging others sexually considered bad?
Does Quantum Physics Refute Ayn Rand's Objectivism?
What's this logical fallacy?
Problematic conditional argument: what is the logical form and is it valid?
Does having free will presuppose consciousness, can philosophical zombies have it?
How can something non-physical exist?
Fault in Leibniz's counter argument to Absolute Space
Books on moral realism and moral relativism?
Why do we have to study history as an independent discipline rather than as a sub-field of other subjects?
Is it ethically wrong to not vote?
How does Schopenhauer maintain idealism without God?
Kant's Take on "If a Tree Falls in a Forest, Does it Make a Sound?"
Logical fallacies made by philosophers
Why must physics (empirical measurement) be consistent?
For a mathematical realist, is there a distinction between real mathematical objects and constructed mathematical objects?
What is the philosophical ground for distinguishing logic and mathematics?
What is the logical form of this sentence using a truth table?
How do I solve this formalized argument by drawing conclusions from inference rules?
Why are conditionals with false antecedents considered true?
What was Leopold Kronecker's philosophical view which guided his mathematics?
Wittgenstein's opinion that language must be public: How was this innovative and not already obvious?
Are Tillich and Dewey saying the same thing with regard to "ultimate concern"?
What does it mean for 20th Century philosophers to lose 'touch with the great thinkers of the past'?
Dialetheias in the absence of contraction/absorption?
Tarski's semantic conception of truth
Is it possible to adopt the interpretivism philosophy of science when conducting a deductive study?
Leibniz monads/connection to the physical universe/atom
Is there a loophole in Kitcher's argument for the inadequacy of the law of association?
What motivated Gödel to arithmetize syntax?
What does mathematical constructivism gain us philosophically?
Did Wittgenstein consider the possibility of a private language with public content?
What did Thomas Nagel intend to distinguish, in distinguishing 'impression' vs 'perception of reality'?
Is bell's theory philosophically wrong?
What questions or areas in the foundations of mathematics remain active research fields?
Background and understanding of philosophical "traditions" (Continental/Analytic/etc.)
Do we have free will? And is the world we observe an illusion?
Will qualitative analysis be made obsolete by quantitative or mathematical reasoning?
What happens when something becomes familiar to us?
How does the theory of evolution deal and logically explain all these?
What does this definition of Cardinal Number mean?
Does Quine's dissolution of the Analytic/Synthetic distinction challenge mathematical realism?
Why is this argument against solipsism and skepticism bad, unless reality can be defined as what we can observe?
Can one believe in Divine Command Theory without the Bible?
'Physical parts just can't add up to a mental whole.' : Why does Thomas Nagel assert this impossible?
Why have those scientists who rejected or opposed philosophy, still succeeded?
Philosophy of weirdness
Philosophy of beauty / Science
Understanding Sellars' The Myth of the Given rigorously
Does neurorealism imply a fear of Cartesian dualism that philosophy should rightly address?
Valid arguments as tautologies
Nietzsche a Reluctant or Triumphant Atheist?
how to solve this proof ¬A ∨ ¬(¬B ∧ (¬A ∨ B)) without premises
Where is the line drawn between immoral inactivity and a simple lack of action?
Is there really something new happening in modern world, except from science and technology?
What is the difference between possession and property in anarchism?
Kant's attitude to introspection
What is the name of this fallacy: "You don't have an explanation for x but I do, so I'm correct and you are wrong"?
What is the role of sensations in Wittgenstein's private language argument?
Why are these IFs 'not the same as saying you could have chosen a peach'?
If all life will be annihilated, then why does anything matter?
Difference between classification and prioritization
Nominalist views and contradictions
What's the problem with physicalism in philosophy of mind?
Why does what I've written fail to define truth?
Derrida and 'time is out of joint'
Is a social construction a social construction?
Did Gettier's paper have an impact outside epistemology?
The definition of a possible world
Have any philosophers applied the concept of "underdetermination" to non-scientific contexts?
Is debate about free will futile?
Where can I go to find one-on-one verbal Philosophical discussion?
Can a version of the philosophical zombie concept be used to argue for libertarian freewill?
for Descartes, God is guarantee of truth, why do i make mistakes?
Unitedness of environment and self philosophical movement
Nietzsche on the idea of Alienation
Can the "Ship of Theseus" apply to thoughts?
Can "freedom toward death" have 'freedom' translated out of it?
Within philosophy, is "reason" a broader concept than "logic"?
Any advice for starting with Heidegger's What is Called Thinking
What is a rebuttal for this argument that "fast passes" are unethical?
What does the term "mathematical logic" mean?
Are Kant and Berkeley in closer philosophical relation than Kant wanted to believe?
Probability and logic
If we live in a simulated world, doesn't there have to be a first world that's real?
Knowledge is a limitation
Why do all arguments for and against a creator automatically assume a creator pre-existing the universe?
Can all mathematical reasoning be translated into traditional logic?
Who was the first person to speculate that consciousness is a by-product of evolution?
How is zero different from nothing?
Criticisms on Absurdism
Who are the leading thinkers, both past and present, on the subject of self-deception?
How can one refute John Searle's "syntax is not semantics" argument against strong AI?
What is the philosophical value of cultural diversity?
How can I convince a racist that he's wrong?
Poison and antidote gambit morality problem. If the antidote is sold at fair price, and all negative impacts blocked, what is moral?
Are agnosticism and ignosticism incompatible with each other?
What is the relation between 'knowledge-that' and 'knowledge-how'?
What are some active areas of research in proof theory?
Omnipotence Paradox Defense and Meinongianism/Neo-Meinongianism
Problems with the Omnipotence paradox
Difference between Tautology and Circular Reasoning
Is the logic of this argument valid?
Can one be a Modal Realist without also having to incorporate the existence of impossible worlds?
Thieves are they who do theft
How can a utilitarian argue against the morality of "stealing from the rich and giving to the poor"?
Are philosophy and science mergeable today?
Is conception an Aristotelian efficient, or material cause?
Movies on philosophy similar to "Waking Life"?
Are great philosophers resting sometimes from study?
Is there a name for the "A implies B, therefore not A implies not B" fallacy
"All men are mortal, Socrates is a man, therefore, Socrates is mortal" original quote
Are neopagan religious views taken seriously by academic philosophers?
Unity is more fundamental than synthesis
What do you call the output of a truth table?
When Heidegger talks about "Being" is it related to the totality of all entities in a unity "Being"?
What does later Wittgenstein and earlier Wittgenstein have in common?
My Car, She Was Driving, Who Pays the Lapsed Registration Ticket?
Industrial Society and its Future
What is the relationship between Scientism and Logical Positivism?
A Critcism of the Ontological Argument for God
Can donation or charity be a big mistake
A and ~A in logical proof
Reference - Heidegger on Hölderlin's translations?
How to prove that what we will know isn't true isn't true?
To Check or not to Check?
Self-referring propositions
Why human die, what is the meaning of life?
Truth Value of Sentences Containing Logical Contradictions
Can a theist accept any brute facts about the natural world?
Cognitions influence on the physical body
Aristotelian views on Justice and Equality
Personal morals and political ethics - should individual moral obligations determine government policy?
Within a duty based framework, are apologies contingent on the harmed party's acknowledgement of or contrition for wrongdoing?
What are factual propositions?
Is there a name for the following gambling fallacy?
What does the rejection of Enlightenment thinking by Modernism amount to?
Hypothetically observable
Does pure mathematics express something about objects?
Is Judith Butler a continental philosopher?
Dennett's claims on Qualia (based upon Sweet Dreams)
Is Time just an idea?
Can time theoretically be changed by altering physical characteristics?
Did Francois Lyotard coin the word postmodernism?
Modernists versus postmodernists?
Faith in the attribution of agency
Kill the last of a species to save one child?
Does Quine consider the Homeric gods to have predictive power?
Is this argument a deduction or induction?
Can anything be truer than true?
How does human intelligence differ from Searle's chinese room?
What philosophies does Wigner's "Unreasonable Effectiveness of Mathematics" threaten?
Does space have boundaries?
Can more than 2 things be in direct opposition?
What is the explicit reasoning behind proof by contradiction?
Is there a name for this type of situation in the most abstract sense?
Existence and afterlife
Only valid syllogisms are syllogisms?
How is this 'explanation' of the unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics even an explanation?
How would a Knight of Faith respond to a disproof of God?
Is truth telling important or just having good intentions is enough?
What does immaterial mean for Aristotle?
Two Kinds of Understanding
How/why did animals/humans started showing kindness?
What are the arguments against consequentialism?
Can Mind-Body Functionalism be true yet General Artificial Intelligence still be impossible?
Do premises in modus tollendo tollens arguments require greater certainty than others?
Random Computer Generated Number
Is death final?
Why did Aristotle describe as Extremes: the Major Term and Minor Term?
Why did Aristotle choose the terms 'Major Term' and 'Minor Term'?
Is it a good argument in utilitarianism that you should always be truthful because you might later change your values?
Does Mill make pain a required feature for experiencing pleasure?
How are announcements, complaints, compliments, or apologies always NOT arguments?
Is the simulation of emotional states equivalent to actually experiencing emotions?
How does deontological ethics deal with actions that aren't "wrong"?
Why do philosophical questions arise?
Like newspaper and television, how internet can become a massive tool of information manipulation and control over the people?
Giuseppe Peano and Foundations: Was Peano Logicist or Formalist?
According to Adorno, does the "truth content" of art refer?
Do signifiers in a "system of signs" refer to each other, as well as the signified?
Should we allow metaphysical explanations as a possibility in scientific inquiry?
A question about statements and conclusion
What is nothing
Because nothing exists, nothing also does not exist
Is "A and not-A" meaningful (and false) or meaningless?
How is self-reference understood in the pragmatist tradition?
The Tractatus and the Meaninglessness of Traditional Philosophy
As a Utilitarian why should I not kill myself to donate my organs and save a few other lives?
Epistemology of derealization
Is it possible to think of something that doesn't contain anything exists?
Is math really the language Nature speaks?
Why do current academics refuse to acknolwedge idealism as viable?
If we can't experimentally prove a fundamental law of physics due to human limitations, does that make it false?
What underlying semantic notions connect the notion of 'thrown or hitting on both sides' to 'Amphiboly'?
Did Aristotle really apply the term 'accent'?
What else beyond 'bias' or 'ignorance' explains why intelligent people believe(d) irrational or stupid things?
A Paradox of Precision?
The Picture Theory of Meaning
Why does Copi / Cohen call "Othello believes that Desdemona loves Cassio" a compound statement?
What is the origin of the truth table in logic?
How does phenomena prove noumena, for kant?
Why Freud and Nietzsche works are often compared?
Is "all swans are white" equivalent to "if it is not white, then it is not a swan"?
What are the Consequences of Rejecting Induction?
How can I be a philosopher
How is existence in presentism reconciled with relativity of simultaneity?
Are there any ancient descriptions of Aristotle's appearance?
Is it possible to maintain the truth of levels of 'being' or can't they be true at the same time next to each other?
Can kantian categories only be applicated to objects given by the senses?
How do we know that Wyman and McX aren't the same person?
Where can one find the most fully developed version of EAAN with the four-part defense of premise 1?
Is there injustice in division of labour?
Are social justice perspectives more often agent-centered or patient-centered deontology?
What does Kant mean by "Existence is not a predicate"?
Why did Jeremy Bentham call the english law a "Demon of Chicane"?
Nonreductionist supervenience
What should be the role of musicians (artists) in the marketplace?
Are there philosophic discussions of Husserl's dissertation?
Was Marx an anti-semite?
Why do people mix up physical indeterminism as related to free will?
Kant's Solution to Uniformity of Nature
What are the benefits of protecting the weak from the stronger?
Does the existence of the proposition require language to be referential?
What *objective* criteria can be used to judge philosophical refutations?
Does capitalism have an end goal?
Does anti-discrimination contradict free will?
does exclusion + supervenience + pairing necessitate reductionism?
How was Descartes sure that his doubt was his own?
According to Kant, can beauty be found in the human form?
is the eternal return of material violence etc.?
Physical laws and free will
To avoid Criticism
Does every occurring type have at least one token?
Could we take the fully rational and fully informed idealized agent that Peter Railton talks about as God, to give a theistic metaethics?
What did Pascal mean: 'A vapour, a drop of water, suffices to kill him'?
How can you succeed against an excessively self-serving and defensive opponent?
"The very fact you're asking means you know it's wrong" - which fallacy is it?
Is If X, then Y. Not Y. Therefore, not X. correct?
Is it honest to accept only part of a story as being metaphorical?
Claiming misrepresentation as a rhetorical device
Why is "similarity" not a logical relation? (from “Natural Kinds” by Quine)
Recommendations for philosophical texts for a skeptic/determinist/existential nihilist?
Mind-body problem: supervenience vs dependence vs realisation
What is a good example to show that the government should not go against its laws for the greater good of the population
A critique of the epistemoloical models of religion
Prominence of Scientific Realism and Anti-Realism
Logical Inference and Idealism/Phenomenalism
Did Confucius say "Signs and symbols rule the world, not words nor laws"?
In Pandeism, was God capable of knowing the outcome of his annihilation?
Hypothesis and thesis
Is the difference between logical possibility and physical possibility an argument against Idealism?
What is Nietzsche's madman to his Overman?
What is the ontological status of a story plot?
How do we know we believe things?
What are some example of properly basic beliefs being incorrigible and how can incorrigible beliefs be justified?
Euler's 1746 philosophy paper
Does the notion of absoluteness exist?
In what ways is Merleau-Ponty following (late/unpublished) Husserl?
How is Descartes Sure of Things When He is "Attending" to Them?
How does Materialism provide response to the kantian split between noumena and phenomena?
What are the origins of "The Other" and "The Gaze" in critical theory?
Someone abandoning his own arguments
How the air and earth elements have been seen in several cosmologies?
Kripke's Solution to Negative Existentials
How does Wittgenstein think language is acquired?
Appeal to Pity? 'don't give me a ticket. My parents will take the car away from me and my life will be miserable.'
Please expose how Socrates subtly Appeals to Pity
Did Clarence Darrow really Appeal to Pity?
Why is it an Appeal to Pity if a defense attorney evidences misfortune of the defendant?
Avis Rent-a-Car's slogan 'We're #2' : This is an Appeal to Pity?
What does the truth-value of a material implication represent?
'proving prestige' vs 'asserting that purchasing those items will automatically bestow on us the glamor and prestige'
If you can always ask "How do you know that", how can you know anything?
Unity of Apperception vs. Self Consciousness in Critique of Pure Reason
How is philosophical reasoning different from scientific or logical reasoning?
What are the parts of a definition called?
What is Wittgenstein claiming when he says that "each thing can be the case or not the case while everything else remains the same"?
Why did Wittgenstein think that only something that could be doubted could have meaning?
A question regarding the similarity of relations from Russell's Introduction to Mathematical Philsophy
Is race a social construct?
Did Quine have another reason to be skeptical of reference besides its context-dependence?
Did Wittgenstein think that pure description, without the influence of explanation, could be pursued?
Is the statement "Nothing is absolute" a contradiction?
Does Alvin Plantinga's solution to the problem of divine action entail a total denial of the applicability of Newtonian physics to the world?
Definitions and choice
Are language, context and truth connected?
Can we recognize the existence of a Strong AI after it is created?
Is "it won't make any different but I'm still choosing" a logical fallacy?
Does Quine's relativism only follow if the data of theories is the only source of a theory's justification?
How can 'Emptiness' (ie: nothing) be 'Fullness' or 'Oneness'?
What does "action without acting" (wuwei) in Chinese philosophy mean?
What does Einstein mean, about 'practical results' and 'completely false notion'?
Name of fallacy when one says he used to have the same views
Solving a logical analysis puzzle
What is mauvaise foi as it relates to ethics? Philosophy?
Should the Ontological Argument be called something else than 'Ontological'?
Is one commiting the "argument from authority" fallacy and/or the "consensus fallacy" when one refers to a scientific consensus when asserting truth?
Philosophical Implications of Connectionism and Pattern Recognition
Why did not Locke write 'Qualities', when he meant Qualities by '‘ideas’ as in the things themselves'?
'Which qualities are commonly thought to be the same in those bodies that those ideas are in us'
Ontological status of variables
Was fascism ever philosophically appealing?
Would it be ethical to make a bot that would answer stack exchange questions?
How did Hume remain 'jovial', 'merry' and 'unperturbed' despite philosophy's difficulty?
How might we define morality or ethics such that we can program it into an Artificial Intelligence?
What sort of things might a higher level of consciousness be capable of?
Is consciousness the base definition of living?
Does gravity cause things to fall?
What logical fallacy pertains to: concluding that an argument is correct just because an argument is being had?
What does it mean for something to exist?
Why is an appeal to authority sometimes valid?
Why are negative facts more 'shadowy' than positive facts?
'My cat is on the mat.' vs 'There is an animal in my house.'
Why is the third man argument seen as so decisive?
Is there a way to objectively determine which is the better default choice? Kill injure person and damage a car and a tree or kill several people
Is it right to deduce intention/action from circumstantial evidence from position of a skeptic?
What is feminist care ethics?
The role of the fool in philosophy
Objection to Berkeley's Master Argument
What if the Accompanying Voice is internal and non-mystical, yet mistakenly is the basis for Religion?
On a kantian perspective, is it morally wrong to find a terrible event in our history very interesting?
Can AI have ethics?
Is there a term for this 'disclaimer' technique used in statements?
can we know whether the self-referential statement: "It's not possible to deduce whether P1 is true or false" is undecidable?
Believing in Axioms vs belief in God
Are these two statements about Ramseyfication true?
Philosophers of science and the practice of science
Examples of Falsifiability
What are the best arguments against substance dualism?
When taking the axiomatic approach to the Munchausen Trilemma, how do you know something is an axiom?
Is physics semantically deterministic?
Why do some people lie?
How do Coherentists rebut the argument that Coherence Theory allows patent falsehoods to be true?
Does Coherentism lead to relativism?
Paradox of the extend of space
Did Schelling have a theory of force?
Can there be momentum in an atomic moment of time?
How to argue for physical continuity, positivistically?
Hegel facing upto Orwell, in room 101
Did Heraclitus say this?
Are there negative and positive forms of justice?
Can a paradox exist in another paradox?
Is justification for X being true different to justification for believing that X is true?
How many different usages of being is there in this short paragraph of Heidegger?
What does Heidegger mean by saying that Bergson's concept of time is essentially spatial?
Just what is it that makes todays theoretical posits so different, so appealing?
According to Kant Is it immoral to do what I cannot conceive of everyone doing succesfully?
What are the problems with reductionism?
Has any philosopher written approvingly of "living each day like it was your last"?
Are all ethical systems consequentialist?
Who came up with many worlds theory based on free will
Are moral theories arbitrary?
What is Quine's response to Parmenides's argument against change?
What are the main definitions of god in philosophy?
Philosophy Articles
Is formal logic a branch of philosophy?
Can abstract entities be destroyed?
What ethical system did the USA implement in its constitution and why?
Is happiness the coherence of belief and feeling?
Schrödinger's cat being "both dead and alive"
Is Wittgenstein's proposition on death a subtle put down?
Metaphysically, what does it mean to "make a decision"?
How should we choose between different theories according to Rorty, based on Kuhn?
From a critical theory point of view, can philosophy itself be absorbed into the culture industry?
Those who hold that only immaterial substances can think, must show why personal identity CANNOT be preserved in the change of immaterial substances?
Why doesn't philosophy of philosophy exist?
In laymen's terms, What is the meaning of 'meaning' in the the question "is there meaning to life"?
If a physical property is emergent, can it still be artificially recreated?
How does Heidegger characterise inauthentic being toward death?
How to express possession in predicate calculus
How was the idea of philosophy generated?
Does this example prove that an infinite causal regress is impossible?
What would Marx say about liberal identity politics?
What can I research in terms of philosophy that is relevant to logic and programming?
How would Szasz reply to the claim that cognitive problems aren't always one's own fault?
What distinction is there between logic, philosophy of logic and philosophical logic?
If everything is theory laden, how can one argue against climate change deniers?
Occam's razor and believing that the world is flat
How did George Berkeley justify his disbelief in matter?
What is the "concrete universal" in Hegel and Adorno?
Is the death penalty a nihilistic solution to a crime?
If a claim is supported by a valid authority does the burden of proof shift?
Deontological analysis of "voting your conscience"
What if any philosophy/religion entails the need to establish off-world colonies to avoid human extinction?
Why is aidios, aionios, and aion translated eternal in Plato's Timaeus?
Looking at Descartes, does the temporality of consciousness justify doubt in it?
What is the difference between political philosophy and political theory?
For Kant, are spider moms that eat their kids immoral?
Munchausen's: Can someone believe falsely that they do/don't have it?
Do formal expressions ever have trivially true content?
Can a sentence without a truth value be true?
Why does Nagasena reject Attributes + Dependence on Constituents Parts, as a Substance?
Can God make a rock so heavy he cannot lift it?
What makes artificial intelligence artificial?
Can anything be described by describing what it is not?
Is Sisyphus actually happy or is he content?
Models of philosophy and what happens at the moment of death
In what type of world is free will possible, if at all?
Why does A.R.C. Duncan opine that compared with science or history, only philosophy obliges students to philosophise for themselves?
How do I compose a paper analyzing a philosophical work?
When does a study / way of life / idea become a philosophy?
Are some prominent atheists "religiously atheist"
Would Jean-Paul Sartre say that we are bound by our comprehension of our "situation"?
What is the historical context and what are the philosophical implications of model theory?
Can one find in the writings of Ayn Rand a definitive list of rights?
Should any philosophy tell one how to live if its adherents aren't completely able to "toe the line?"
How does Marx show that capitalism is a kind of slavery?
Does practical moral skepticism end up as relativism?
What is the relationship between qualia and the fact/value dichotomy
How specifically does Thomas Hurka 'test for the best knowledge'?
Does Heidegger really think we need certainty to act? Is he right to?
Given Marx's original theory of alienation, why is he interpreted as being anti-individualist?
Why did Hume opine that 'Truth is disputable; not taste'?
Is It Possible For A Computer To Have A Desire?
Is music just another language?
How to infer ¬Q when there seems to be no way to
Is "a vote for a third party is a vote for x" a valid argument?
What are some philosophical defenses of the existence of God?
What did Kant mean when distinguishing a jewel vs its setting, to analogise good will?
How can the practical law be subjective according to Kant?
What type of fallacy is this? Appeal to some sort of generalization?
How to approach if a,b,c ⊨ d then a→d OR b→d OR c→d
What is the point of prayer for theological rationalists?
Why does "A if and only if B" imply that A and B have the same truth value?
How can one objectivley measure the nobility or value of a given pursuit?
What do logicists mean when they try to "reduce mathematics to logic"?
Does this justify truth-table of material conditional?
Why does the material conditional have the truth table it does?
What makes the material conditional material?
Does anyone claim that absolute or in itself value (in Kant's senses) must be about something which exists?
Philosophically speaking, is there a time where illusion should / could be desired over reality?
Why is Taylor's ethic of authenticity not a middle position or a tradeoff?
Does Alvin Plantinga's book Knowledge and Christian Belief offer any substantial updates to Warranted Christian Belief?
What could a jew do, when he arrived with a train in Auschwitz?
Why should one philosophize instead of acting?
Can the material conditional be used in other situations?
πίστις (Faith/Conviction) In Plato's Apology
What does Sartre mean by "freedom alone can account for a person in his totality"?
What did the Tractatus (really) say about Kant's absolute / in itself value?
Did Aristotle err in writing 'everything inequitable is unlawful'?
If determinism is true, what was the first event? Is time infinite?
To what kind of philosophy belongs the statement that you can't be a physical body because it is a projection of the mind?
Marxism and Capitalism as a Schism
Why does Leonardo da Vinci make the following claim?
What phenomenological research methods exist?
Property of inclusion in Greek thought
Is every feeling preceded by a thought?
Where does Adorno find this quote of Marx?
Why is the modern notion of motion inappropriate to Antiquity?
Is Peirce's pragmatic maxim self-evident?
Is it possible to catch the moment of waking up?
What does Plato mean by the negative of the mind?
Is what Plato calls essence here, what is later understood as essence?
Is symbolism necessary in mathematics?
How does rhetoric and substance interact in a successful debate?
"Does god exist?" Is this question correct?
Should the power of an explanation have limited scope?
What is this System of Right that consistently shows up in Foucault's work?
Dialectic of Enlightment Prerequisites
Indroductory books about Philosophy for young people
Can logic be used to prove any belief?
Is there a form of euhemerism which claims myths can have historical events derived from them like a poetic?
Understanding progress and improvement (Epictetus)
How does Quine effectively shift from points he has made about knowledge acquisition to conclusions he makes about knowledge simpliciter?
What besides ethics might make the value of a person?
Which Informal Fallacy(ies)? 'Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.'
Which Informal Fallacy(ies)? "That means now and forever, because I am a Yankee, and Yankees do not throw rocks."
Which Informal Fallacy(ies) in dispute between the executioner, the King, and the Queen, in 'Alice in Wonderland'?
According to Kant, If we're all evil is change for the better possible without religion (God)?
On an interpretation of metaphysics
In real-life arguments, how would you translate arguments into Sentential Formal Language and then determine their Validity?
Why are the two streams connected in a circuit for P ∨ ¬P?
Intuitively, why is ¬(P ↔ Q) ≡ P ↔ ¬Q?
How is life defined mathematically?
Why isn't "I am Bill" a proposition?
To question that error is impossible, what must we do?
Most effective ways to self-learn philosophy
Will automation emancipate us from labour?
What does Whitehead mean by calling science anti-rational?
Wordsworth & thaumazein
Is there a dichotomy between individuality and "humans are social animals"?
What are convincing examples of "mistaken" qualia?
Has anything been written to add to Taussig's work on shamanism?
Are there others that hold the same opinion on Freedom of Speech that Mill holds?
Was Marx an existentialist?
Are some things too simple for us to understand?
Eternalism - Is it possible that something measured only with a circle can be a block?
Is Fascism axiomatic?
Why does negation reverse order of strength?
Ethical problems related to trading for profit
Who came up with the terms "act utilitarianism" and "rule utilitarianism"?
Correctness of an argument inversely correlated to length?
Intuitively, why does (B → S) ≡ (¬B ∨ S)?
Is Kant's idea of imperatives derived from stoicism?
Is there a logical fallacy that considers a position false because a non-authority agrees with it?
What does poetry enact according to Heidegger?
References for how to build knowledge and representations from discourse
Philosophical work that focuses on "pattern" and "change"?
Has any mainstream philosopher written extensively on the Eleusinian mysteries?
Why was Russell's theory of descriptions taken seriously?
What is knowledge for Quine? What is the criterion for determining what knowledge is and isn't?
What is a logical fallacy that involves saying that a person is something solely because they said so?
Have the exact sciences tried to obtain their legitimacy from "outside" the human being?
What is onto-theology (Heideggerian)?
Comparison between Western, Eastern and Islamic Philosophy
When Quine is criticizing the notion of analyticity what exactly is his criterion?
Dependent existence of objects (non-properties)
Is Quine begging the question against the traditional epistemologist?
How does one differentiate between unconscious competence and unconscious ignorance?
Are there contemporary arguments against democracy as inherently flawed?
Is 'intuition' the most correct term?
Is Quine's epistemology really just a linguistic reinterpretation of Kant's?
Formalize "Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo"
How can you intuit Information Implication with 4 Truth Values?
What does the "essence of time" mean for Merleau-Ponty?
Need Help Understanding Kant's Meaning in this Excerpt
What terms in Spinoza's Ethics have antiquated or obscure definitions?
What is the role of the art curator?
Intuitively, why are Universal Statements true in the Empty Universe?
Are there any contemporary continental studies based on linking the philosophy of language to science?
A companion or guide to Kant's Critique of Pure Reason
In Aristotle, What does it mean for something to be predicated?
Plato's Parmenides conclusion
What is an attribute, as used in Spinoza's Ethics?
What is "religion"?
How do empiricists explain zeno's paradox(es)?
What are the current topics in philosophy of logic?
Deduce a new quantifier that negates “there are at least two objects with property P.”
Is there a difference between lying and not saying anything?
Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs
Fitch Proof - Logic LPL 13.11
Are there arguments against Nietzsche's master morality?
Has the necessary philosophical work been done to ground Psychology as a legitimate science?
I'll know it when I see it, but I haven't found a fallacy of interpretation
Name of French Social Scientist and Theory where life has five domains
How can there be autonomy in Immanuel Kant's ethics?
How do we understand and fix reference for scientific units of measure?
What is the axiom of reducibility? And what philosophical controversies did it incite?
Possible Logical Error in Euthyphro?
what is the truth value of a sarcastic statement?
Why does a blind inaccessible world verify, but not falsify,  ↣ ?
What do post modernists make of modern art and modernity?
Can Deduction for a Valid Argument produce the wrong conclusion?
Without computers, how can you conjecture the (in)validity of a long convoluted argument in Predicate Logic?
Before (dis)proof, how can you determine the conclusion of given collection of long complicated premises?
What would be the implications if the equality of opposites was true?
What are the differences between philosophies presupposing one Logic versus many logics?
Do metaphysics touch the aspect of rational behavior?
Is this proposition analytic or synthetic?
Is there a middle ground between determinism and libertarianism?
What made Nietzsche heroic?
Defining logical possibility without circularity
Why is this question begging?
How can Marx be a materialist yet still speak of a human "essence" in his theory of alienation?
Are all answers to a contradictory question correct? Or are all wrong? Or is it something in between?
Importance of questions and answers in science (or philosophy of science)
Why would this not resolve the Sorites paradox?
From given premises, how can you conjecture the conclusion before attempting any (dis)proof?
Why are 2 Constants introduced in proving: ∃y ∀x (x = y) ∴ ∀y ∀x (x = y)?
For Descartes, is "res cogitans" : "res extensa" :: "ens rationis" : "ens reale"?
How does the simulation hypothesis relate to the ethics of simulated violence?
Has anyone claimed that the cartesian ego is a necessary condition to any mind?
How far can/should one press philosophical doubt?
Is there a philosophical conception of not necessarily biological life?
What are some common positions: is it ethical to quote statistics routinely?
Can there be intentionality without consciousness?
How would Robert Nozick and Ayn Rand respond to the following moral dilemma?
How are these statements of truth and beauty related?
Classical liberalism and neo-liberalism
What do dual-intuitionistic and minimal logic model?
What is the oldest known ethical list?
Bad word choice in Nietzsche's "One thing is needful"?
Libertarianism and scarcity
What does "il n'y a pas de hors-texte" mean in philosophy and literary criticism?
Surely Nietzsche would say that history is the judge of greatness?
Fitch Proof - LPL Exercise 8.17
Had Wittgenstein moved away from Schopenhauer by the time of the Tractatus?
Does the existence of total warfare (i.e. win or die) prove that free-will is limited?
What is the logical structure of this argument by a Hindu philosopher about causation?
On freedom in Sartre's existentialism
Tarski's conception of truth for formulas of infinite length
Thus spoke Zarathustra, "Even the wisest among you is only a conflict and mix of plant and ghost"
What consciousness theory refers to all of us being the same observing entity?
Are "robot rebellions" even possible?
Are all interactions between genders/sexes sexist?
Reading for philosophy of statistics / statistical inference
Can zombies have meaningful lives?
What does Baudrillard mean by "The end of the Social"?
Is 'immortality' outside the scope of philosophy?
Who are the new philosophers Nietzsche is referring to ?
Do libertarians like Robert Nozick and Ayn Rand agree with the idea of enforcing intellectual property?
metaphysics: nothing
Are values dominant behaviours of a society, or are they personal?
What did Marx mean by "revolutionary terror"?
What is the main message Kierkegaard is trying to deliver in his suicidal quote?
On insanity and the nature of reality
What does Nietzsche's "Around the hero everything becomes a tragedy..." quote mean?
Philosophical arguments that "knowledge is power"?
When trying to identify causality, do we assume "nearness" between cause and effect?
Absurdists/Nihilists/Existentialists take on as to why there is no intrinsic meaning to life
What other defects did Marx think there was to hitherto existing metarialism?
Is one rationally justified in assuming a dominant philosophical position that one has some reasons to doubt?
What kind of fallacy attributes cause to chance when the cause is unknown?
What are the theories related to Business Integrity and Ethics?
What makes Leibniz's definition of perfection unintelligible?
What are the arguments for preferring Continental or Analytic philosophy?
Who was the first (philosopher/scientist?) to say that we can't know much about the outer world?
Is 'strong' omnipotence required to create another omnipotent being
Does a computational model of introspection exist?
Defining terms in philosophy?
What is the difference between expressivism and representationalism in modern philosophy of language?
Why "predicate" instead of "object"?
Does the idea of a welfare state fundamentally conflict with an open immigration policy?
Why is this Statement correct: G implies ¬Contradiction?
What is the criteria for a metaphysical truths?
Please explain perspectivism to me
What made a person a follower of an ideology?
Argument for Classical Theism
If everything is possible, is it possible for something to be impossible?
What kind of fallacy: "the centre of the solar system is the hottest, therefore each planet's core is the hottest."
Could Anselm's argument also "prove" that a perfectly evil god must exist?
What is our mental version of the "real world" based on our interpretation of sensory input, called?
"Repugnant conclusions" following from Kant's imperative to never use humans only as means to an end?
Does the following argument involve a fallacy?
Writings on meaning within a materialist framework
How to refute “big picture” arguments?
Are propositions considered to be mind independent or mind dependent?
Should this view of Zi Lu's be called "deontology" or "virtue ethics"?
Possible ambiguity in Anselm's argument, and Kant's criticism
Is the existence of a thing an analytic proposition?
Nietzsche and What he got wrong about evolution?
Why does all life have value in utilitarianism?
In utilitarianism, how to decide between two options that give equal happiness?
What are facts as considered independently of any thinking being?
Given proofs of A → B and A, when do we get a proof of B?
Fallacies of division
What are the main differences between moral and political philosophy?
Can ancient religions with an omnipotent god be discussed into a definite answer about if the religion is real or not?
Fallacy of arguments
Are there cases or arguments where the Truth Table is not reliable?
Are there kinds of arithmetic that are decidable despite the Gödel theorem?
Why "left" is lower than/before/sooner than "right"?
How can consciousness be an illusion?
Moral realism: Can the Bible be a reliable moral guide for an atheist?
Does existentialism presuppose the supernatural?
what is Republican conservatism (in US politics)?
"To what extent would society break down without a moral code?"
All babies are querulous. But David is not a baby, so he is not querulous
Question about Hobbes' distinction between Error and Absurdity
Change Without Time
What are the objections to Wittgenstein's argument that semantics and syntax are the same?
Can I know I am not dreaming if I can't tell the difference between sleep and wake?
What are the more complex/interesting examples of synthetic a priori statements?
Should I vote for what is best for me or what is best for others?
What classical books are suitable for a beginner?
Socratic thought on Greek deities as metaphor
Circular arguments in Philosophy post Wittgenstein
Philosophy and intellectual celebrities used for propaganda purposes
Not sure if my logical equivalences are correct here or not
In the context of debate centred on a statement, how to validate arguments given to confirm or disconfirm that statement in a logical manner?
How is nominalism different to universalism?
Is the anthropic principle equivalent to immortality?
Name of the theory where abstract concepts are considered only to exist within our mind
Clarification of the notions of argument, statement, assertion, premise, proposition, syllogism, predicate, subject, deduction and conclusion
Are we obliged (have responsibility) to think/act rationaly?
Does philosophical knowledge always conflict with religion?
Is nominalism to assert something is only what we call it?
Is Logic Empirical?
Is a law of nature a universal?
difference between power and authority
Using Kant's Categorical Imperative, would it be ethical for tour agencies to organise tours to countries with poor human rights records?
Are Graham Harman's concealed real objects "inaccessible" or merely "not fully accessible in a given moment"?
How can experts disagree despite having access to the same facts?
Is the philosophy of Reductionism compatible with Quantum Mechanics?
View that problems in philosophy are caused by language?
What articles or books are currently considered canonical in the discussion of a priori knowledge and justification?
Is a conjunction the same as the use of "and" in everyday language?
Skepticism and Belief in Doxastic Logic
Is relativism dead?
Do we consider all parameters when we deal the term, 'SCIENTIFIC'?
What is a "trivial implication" in mathematics?
What is the most commonsense interpretation of QM for the layman?
Can we fit the worldhood of the world in the world we have in common?
What meaning should we ascribe to infinite sets?
Are humans social beings?
Are humans naturally good at finding patterns or is it a trained ability?
The name of the logic fallacy of "We don't know the answer, therefore x is the answer"
Does sarcasm that is meant to be misunderstood contain a liar sentence?
How should one interpret Camus' quote about the "vanity of experience"?
Could I please request an introduction to philosophy of pessimism?
Ultimate Goal of Life?
Argument for Vegetarianism
Can a question be bullshit?
What does "self-contradictory" mean?
What is the difference between a formal fallacy and an informal fallacy?
How to delve into Structuralism?
What is "compositionality" of meaning and why is it syntax rather than semantics?
What were Camus' views on nihilism and existentialism?
Are we studying philosophy or philosophers?
Kantian space and the Leibnitzian argument for Idealism
How do we know that everything is the age it appears to be?
What is considered to be unknowable?
Justification of implication-introduction and modus ponens
What does this quote of Nietzsche mean?
Is it possible for it to be good to do evil? Evil to do good?
Why is this argument logically valid?
Why, according to Nietzsche, is becoming a monster by fighting to overthrow monsters a bad thing?
Is mathematics a language?
How does Putnam's internal realism differ from indirect realism?
Does culture both reflect and create society?
Did Greek philosophers know about Eastern philosophies?
How does additive interference cause causation to fail?
Cannot we argue that pluralism 'unite[s] the family of causes' `in virtue of the epistemological facts of how we use them in our thinking`?
How would someone think if he/she was born without any senses?
How would Nietzsche argue against classical theism?
Classes of frames in Modal logic
Defining "bad" and "immoral"
What is the Fregeian meaning of "grasping"?
If the question is whether you have reason to be satisfied with your life, then why does your state of mind not matter?
Why is 2+2=4 a necessary truth?
Why does Aristotle opine that the search for explanation does not point beyond itself?
Philosophical responses to possible biases in the philosophical canon?
What is the argument for Heidegger's claim that philosophy can only be done in Greek and German?
What are some good multi-volume book series on the history of philosophy?
What are book recommendations on Philosophy of Consciousness by contemporary authors?
Does physicalism imply no truth?
What makes motivations and moral imperatives non-arbitrary?
Can supporting intrinsically bad actions be justified considering their consequences?
Asymmetry of consciousness?
Have philosophers covered the subject of how individual rights could lead to absurdities?
Would the ontological argument disprove the Christian god?
Modern Mathematical Objects and Empiricism
Are there sources in hinduistic philosophy regarding the concept of the specifically human?
Are there sources in daoistic philosophy regarding the concept of the specifically human?
What is the difference between hard determinism and compatibilism, under the assumption of physicalism?
Resources for learning about philosophy of mind and consciousness
According to determinism, what came first- the cause or the reason?
What type of questions can we ask? (When, where etc)
Has any philosopher ever gone a step beyond solipsism and argued that nothing exists?
What does Thrasymachus accuse Socrates of when stating he argues like an informer?
How do pragmatists explain how words attach to things in reality?
What standards exist for developing a philosophical model?
Is Nietzsche's thought primarily a solution on how to classify people?
Is it possible to know anything?
What is the "Law of Causality"?
Is it necessary to read Neoplatonic works (e.g. Plotinus, Porphyry, etc...) to understand St. Augustine's books?
Did Rousseau say that equality of conditions is not possible without slavery?
Is this a double negation? If not, why not?
Are anti-realists faced with a point where they have to take for granted the referential function of words to things that are not words?
What is the argument that materialism has to assume it's false in order to prove that it's true?
What are external properties?
On Rousseau's consent and legitimacy
Is discrimination in society bi-directional?
Is there a valid argument for a moral imperative to seek knowledge?
What is a faster method other than truth tables for validating a sentence?
My thought experiment on consciousness
Can Utilitarianism be antihedonistic?
Cloning my mind and a thought experiment
Why does multiplication lead to incompleteness where addition does not?
What is the contrast between Hume's and Locke's philosophies of science?
Axioms of change and time?
"... a thing is an English word only if it has meaning." – or is it?
Is there a concept of Chinese filial peity analogous to 'making your parents proud'?
Are Dr. Coley's experiments on cancer patients considered unethical today?
Do supporters of "machine creativity" necessarily support "natural creativity"?
Are artificially synthesized chemical elements natural?
Question regarding logical fallacies
Did Plato believe his Own Writings?
Do abstract ideas exist or are they only to be found in language?
Is Brandom's account of history satisfactory to justify itself against doubts?
Derivation of the law of the conditional using the disjunct form
The name for this type of logical idea
Does the fact that economists cannot fully explain where money for macroeconomic profits and interest comes from support a belief in anti-realism?
Violence and War in life
How can philosophy deal with the nonphysical in light of scientific limitations?
Guy Debord - society of spectacle - thesis 3
Is your memory what makes you yourself?
What is the significance of the large statue of Hindu god Shiva " the destroyer" located at CERN?
What influence has Joseph Priestley had on modern philosophy?
Is the person in the mirror an example of a philosophical zombie?
Any philosophical theories that would allow thoughts to influence the probability of future events AND be consistent with the laws of physics?
Scientificity of the Church-Turing's thesis
Is there a formal philosophical position equivalent to the popular "spiritual but not religious" idea?
What are some arguments for the golden ratio making things more aesthetically pleasing?
Is it a fallacy, and if so which, to believe we are special because our existence on Earth seems improbable?
Does the simulation hypothesis confuse discovering with inventing?
Can a sentence denote itself?
Practice of philosophy of science
What does gender have to do with epistemology?
Symbolizing an argument and deciding on a conclusion
Propositional Logic: How to prove the contraposition in the Fitch system?
Are there basic methods/techniques to research topics in philosophy? What are they?
Is it a fallacy to argue or morally judge by treating earlier and later times as if in the same present?
Zombified Consciousness
Can there be a "center" of something infinite?
What is the mistake in the logic used in the given description of this question?
Is there (or does something exist that is close to) a theory of arguments?
How do you resolve the issue: logically reasoning about 'god' (or even physics; mathematics) when sometimes logic is not valid or is partially broken?
How does one bring mind and matter into a single ontology that accounts for subconscious mind?
Categorical syllogism question
How to prove 1. ~(KvF) 2. ~F=>(KvC) 3. (GVC)=>~H / ~(KvH) using natural deduction
How would a Kantian handle vigilante justice?
Inductive conclusions go beyond the content of the premise(s)
Mutually exclusive obligations under the categorical imperative
Truth functional propositional logic for "If" in Hunter's Metalogic
Does cosmological argument prove that anything that exists has a cause of its existence?
When is Skepticism not the best policy? What are its limits?
In the Gorgias, does Plato make a contradiction about perfect people?
Logical fallacy: X is bad, Y is worse, thus X is not bad
A courageous philosopher?
Is this an example of Ceteris Paribus?
What is god for religious people?
How old is drawing a distinction between appearance and reality?
Can there be real actions without real agents that perform those actions?
Does Brandom remain faithful to a Kantian autonomous intellect when he invokes Hegel?
Difference between information and knowledge?
Is there an innate drive to offer sacrifices for a higher being?
What did it mean to be a renaissance man?
Do all epistemologies suffer from the "regress of justifications" problem?
How are you intended to interpret x.R and x.S in Davidson "Truth and Meaning"?
Do we usually treat one object's attributes/properties as function values?
How is the conflict between created by reason and external aspects of knowledge resolved?
Classical philosophical texts on aesthetics
Can we learn anything from history?
Why does Brandom drink the Chomsky kool-aid?
Best books on philosophy of physics
If someone steals 1 cent from each person in the US, what kind of moral/ethical analysis apllies on this situation?
Prove ◇(p ∨ q) → (◇p ∨ ◇q) and ◇(p ∧ q) → (◇p ∧ ◇q) in Modal Logic K
How can we take the ontologies of our best physical theories seriously?
Readings of the Other?
What are some examples of the implications of changing epistemological and ontological grounds of the research?
⊢ ((AvB) -> C) -> (A -> C) using simple derivation rules
Was Socrates Greek?
What does Descartes mean by God could alter the truth of mathematical theorems, but not laws of nature?
Popper vs Kuhn, Science and Progression
Given that Γ ∪ {¬P} is unsatisfiable, show that Γ ⊨ Q → P?
Plato books for a philosophy newcomer
Introduction to first order logic for someone with a mathematical background
Sufficient & necessary conditions for singular and general statements
Is this a paradox?
Why do philosophical discussions of the teleportation paradox seem to ignore the physics involved?
The use and abuse of logic (and picking apart an absurd statement)
How do I read the SEP citations for a particular author where there are numbers at the end of the sentence as a citation?
What is the difference (if any) between "not true" and "false"?
Right wing approaches to alienation?
Asking a question that only accepts yes as an answer
Do we make spontaneous decisions or are our decisions based on prior experience and sub conscience evaluation
Are people inherently good according to Plato?
How would you go on proving Law of Excluded Middle with Quantifiers?
Is there a name for, "there's a time and a place for that" fallacy?
What arguments support the idea that rational thinking requires language use?
How does feng shui and aestethics work together?
Which category does a logical fallacy saying "The existence of universe is the proof of the existence of god" belong to?
The Analytic/Synthetic Distinction in false mathematical propositions
How applicable is the craft analogy for discussing the virtues, like justice?
Does omniscience negate free will?
How does self-deception differ from psychology's concept of "motivated reasoning"?
Why are joy and regret indistinguishable according to Nietzsche?
Does Kant maintain his non-consequentialist stance when writing about the duty of beneficence in Groundwork?
Can chance be both the determining factor as well as that which breaks the chain of causality?
The Difference Between Truth and Reality. And what does fact stand for?
Where does Plato state the principle of plenitude?
Philosohy of Rabindranath Tagore
Gödel's Incompleteness Theorems and Implications for Science
Can somebody please give me good tips about how to write a high quality philosophy essay?
How do you prove A <-> C given the following premises?
What consequences (types of) exist in the real world (categorical monoidal logic)?
Opposite of individualism?
Is this a valid argument?
The scope of Analytic discussion about sentences
Is Modal Logic Logic?
When is a thing the same as another thing?
Are abstract ideas concepts (sets) or invididuals in an ontology?
Vedānta in Kant
What are different philosophical approaches to conceptualizing or evaluating "fairness"?
Is philosophy about organizing our ignorance?
Logical analysis of "Free will and god(s)" argument
What exactly does 'Some' mean in Logic?
How do you know if a grammar error is a grammar error?
Plato Cave Allegory
Are children naturally religious or is it inherited?
Looking for a term about the structure of an argument
Inductive or Deductive argument?
How does Berkeley's idealism differ from others that might be called idealist
Is the idealist thesis about unintelligibility of extra-mental reality intelligible/interesting?
P <=> (Q v R), P, -Q⊢R Propositional Logic Question
Would a pragmatist allow that meaning is representational of things in its use?
Are nested quantifers natural to think about?
Hume on matters of fact and mathematics
Are Concepts Colorless?
Is cyclical cosmology the simplest cosmology?
Kurt Gödel Quote: Why does learning what to disregard improve correct thinking?
Is TV Tropes' "Tautological Templar" an example of a logical fallacy?
In what sense is set theory the "meta theory" of analysis?
What is a logical fallacy that involves arguing according to a different definition of a word?
Relation between Existence of Free Will and Existence of the Self
How are the relation between monads formed?
Does Nietzsche's rejection of Socrates mean that he is a relativist about ethics?
Can there be a sufficient account of meaning without an account of intentionality?
Are there any non-western thinkers regarded as Analytic philosophers?
What is the difference between a prediction and an expression of intention according to Anscombe?
What does Marcus Aurelius mean by quoting Plato here?
What have been the major achievements in the debate regarding platonism and nominalism?
What is the most powerful argument against moral nihilism?
How to prove (P ∧ ¬Q) ↔ ¬(P → Q)
What is this fallacy called?
Need help with Rules of Identity for First Order Logic with Equality
Is existence a feature of life? Can a stone exist without life to recognize it?
What is existence for existentialists?
What is the vocabular meaning of "Will to power"?
What is the relation between Sense/Denotation and Intension/Extension
Predicate logic translations
Is Plato's Callicles an example of Nietzsche's Übermensch? Is the Epicurean hedonist?
Given that Γ is a maximal set, show that P → ¬P ∈ Γ only if P → Q ∈ Γ
Why is something considered wrong?
Can any moral command be cogently expressed in the negative?
Universal will to exist? Why something instead of nothing?
Why is the emergence of Monotheism a cultural milestone in the development of mankind?
What is the difference between dialectic and logic?
Socially constructed vs socially constituted
Probable and improbable theory
How was the rationale for Nazism built up in the academia (especially the philosophy departments)?
Distinction between concrete vs. abstract in software
Can time be nothing and I mean that literally?
Does science rule out the possiblity of the afterlife?
Are these logical arguments against the existence of a god?
Opinions in face of an unsolvable problem (case-study on the existence of God)
What is the fallacy of defining a square as “a closed-plane figure whose sides are all equal”?
What is meant by this passage regarding Foucault?
Formal proofs using subproofs
Do humans have an ethical obligation to prevent animal on animal violence?
Logical positivism on religious language
Kants universalization explained, How does one universalize a thing?
How do I prove that all people are illusion and only I am real in this world?
What type of definition is "the 'death penalty' is just state-sanctioned murder"?
Quick predicate logic and quantifier homework check
Does Nietzsche say, and mean, that all life is unavoidably tragic?
What does Sun Tzu's *Art of War* mean by "victory"?
Can it be said that the tenets of democracy are philosophical in nature? Why/ why not?
Does a philosophy of language presuppose a philosophy of mind?
Materialism/consumerism in philosophy
Quick predicate logic and quantifier homework check (2)
Can overthinking be harmful?
Qualia in Computers
Quick predicate logic and quantifier homework check (3)
Is optimism delusion?
Does the idea of psychological egoism about only dignity make sense?
Was there a confusion in capital punishment?
Does Hume's skepticism about causality depend on his belief that all ideas are derived from sense impressions?
What is the difference between mechanism and materialism?
Have we found all the ways of studying the universe?
Why should racial pride be considered socially unacceptable whereas pride in one's intellect is socially acceptable and encouraged?
How can free will be reconciled with materialism?
How can you intuit that P → Q ≡ ¬P ∨ Q, and not P ∨ ¬Q?
Death and Epictetus
How to practice open-mindedness
Did Poincaré misunderstand the nature of a priori truth?
Does Camus show that all suicide is an evil?
What fallacy is this? One point discredited, so entire argument is thrown out
How can one intuit that P → Q ≡ ¬P ∨ (P ∧ Q)?
We do everything for pleasure
Mathematics, in all it's forms, prove it
True freedom for Rousseau, Burke?
Is there anyone who believes that all modal statements are meaningless or trivial?
Does knowledge include created idea?
In what sense is Principia mathematica of Russell and Whitehead a metatheory?
Philosophical "blind-siding" - Is it fair? What is it referred to as in common culture today?
What fallacy is this? Creating a narrative that fits the facts
Possibility of an event leads to a finite probability of the event occurring
What would Camus say to the objection that some people live short and very happy lives?
According to Kant, What is the Purpose of Human Existence?
Can a tool use itself?
Is there a conflict between upholding rational justification and seeing societal norms as its ultimate source?
Is a proof still valid if only the author understands it?
Formal proof : predicate logic
How can we understand the "canvas" of Poincaré's representative space?
What is the fallacy that privileges one person over another?
Does utilitarianism worry about duration of happiness in a person?
What is the relationship between conceptual engineering and social change?
What is the utility of the named logical fallacies?
How did Kant "undermine the soul"?
Spinoza Definitions VIII
How can we understand the "intentional fallacy" mentioned by Pylyshyn?
Basic understanding of the Scientific Method
Can someone help me understand how to symbolize?
Aristotle's Physics: Why do objects strike the ground harder when dropped from higher?
can a machine ai hallucinate?
What are objections to personality-theoretic identity branching?
In Fitch, how does one prove "(P → Q)" from the premise "(¬P ∨ Q)"?
Is this quote from Aristotle's Poetics?
Can we be intuistionists about the CI?
What historically encouraged the move to thinking of judgements rather than Aristotelian terms as the most basic units of conceptual content?
What is the origin of Left and Right in politics
Distinction between claim based on quantified versus subjective
What is the study of systems (like logic, maths etc) called?
Why do I believe in climate change?
What does this criticism of Aristotle's philosophy mean exactly (from E Zeller)?
What branch of philosophy or type of morality is this?
"Jim and the Indians" and killing someone to harvest organs, is it equivalent?
Kant's analytic/synthetic propositions
Can all sentences be represented logically?
Who was/were the philosopher(s) that said "man is free when he feels like he is free"?
What sorts of questions do philosophers of science think about?
Is there a difference between things that can't be interacted with and things that don't exist?
Recently created philosophical ideas
Does Hegel appear much in any recent philosphical ideas?
does 'modification' have more than one meaning in Spinoza's Ethics?
Imperfect tools for Laplace´s demon
Trying to identify a stance (or a range of them) respecting humans as part of a wider system, while denying them any special intrinsic significance
How can I improve the skill of deciding whether something is relevant?
Is there an ultimate question which would give the answer to distinghuish whether you are talking to a robot or not?
What's Wrong with Social Darwinism?
What is the common term for 'epistemological preference'?
How would a theist answer this argument against omniscience?
How does excelling in philosophy help shorten the learning curve on other subjects?
Syllogism Problem Assistance
How do our minds divide spaces and create "entities?"
If God existed, would he know that he knows everything?
Immanuel Kant on authenticity
Negations before quantifiers in derivations of predicate logic
Is the idea of intuitive intellect, generally attributed to God, accepted as possible?
Who are the foremost Hegel scholars of our day?
Is it possible to not know that one knows p?
How does one prove properties of soundness and completeness for a logic using proof-theoretic semantics?
If A and B then C?
What are some good counter-arguments to the Third Man Argument
In Kant, how do Universalizability and Freedom relate to each other?
Did Descartes view "cogito ergo sum" as applying only to himself?
How to deal with the absurd life?
Why cannot matter be infinitely divisible according to Plato?
How did philosophy react to empirical psychology when there have been disagreements?
How would one go about proving the following statement in predicate logic?
Buridan's Ass Applied to God
Is this a valid move in a proof or does this create a contradiction?
Has there been any progress in (philosophy of) ethics?
Pu, or the uncarved block, in the book of Tao
Difference betweeen atomism and mereological nihilism
What kind of fallacious reasoning is "You're not a girl, so you can't understand girls problems"
Certain questions on Derrida's conception of languange?
What is the term the reasoning that inverse obejcts have inverse properties?
Gettier Problems and God
"For one who is dead, birth is certain." Counter arguments
What proportion of Math is grounded in Physics?
Can Second Order Logic (SOL) be a fundamental logic?
How can theory violate counterfactual definiteness and not violate local realism?
Is feminism necessarily trans-exclusionary?
I am stuck on how to prove the contradiction of R(b,a) can anybody help me?
What's a good translation for "De" in Dao De Jing?
Why did Parmenides rely on a fantastic fable to explain a sensitive-refusing theory?
Attitudes of modern philosophers about Aristotle
Predicate logic help
Predicate Logic proof help
What is the most useful boundary on the definition of 'thinking'?
Is there a way to generate the 24 valid syllogisms in term logic?
Would an Utilitarianist consider accidents with bad consequences as ethically wrong?
Question about SEP Entry on Moral Perfection
'Constituting its essence' meaning?
What is the ontological basis for sentience arising from complexity?
A simple mathematical example for pseudo-teleology
Who came up with the "Proof of the Truthful" name for Avicenna's argument for God's existence?
What is the Skeptical Theist's Response to the Problem of Animal Suffering?
Does the Fallacy Fallacy make logic useless?
On the axiomatization of physics; why do we think it's even possible?
One Man's Modus Ponens is Another Man's Modus Tollens: Who Coined it and Where?
Can't determine who is the author of this paradox
Studies which which explore the relationship between collectivism empathy and individualism
Is there a logical fallacy to describe the complete dismissal of the value of scientific consensus?
How does Tooley's "simple world" refute the counterfactual account of causality?
Causal Closure and God
Does Self-Refutation suffice for scholarly argumentation?
What fallacy is it: "It doesn't affect me and hence I don't care about it"?
Is belief that everything that happens is God's will inconsistent with Theism?
What is the best example of a morally doubtful utilitarianistic choice?
Explanation of Parmenides 'perfect' fragment?
Does it matter if people are "good" or "bad" overall?
Are there logical reasons why we will never be able to judge fairly and objectively if God is good?
Can an Argument be ever a hypothesis?
Bertrand Russell about Aristotle
Does the discovery of Earth- like planets make it reasonable to assume that life also exists on those planets?
What is the physical world if everything is perception?
Can moral objectivism be reconciled with the fact that some unethical behaviors are "human nature"?
If Time Doesn't Exist, Does God?
Fallibilism and truth by science
What are the critiques of the "we might as well assume it" solution to the problem of induction?
Artifacts as substances in Aristotelian metaphysics
What if anything does Aristotle's formal cause actually explain?
Is a materialist afterlife possible?
Boolean complementation '' mark
Existential quantifier proof help
Venn diagrams with more than three unknowns?
Are many razors subsets of Occam's
What's the difference between patriotism and nationalism?
Boolean equation Indexing exercise
Within a utilitarian framework, how should I handle research where I don't know whether it is ethical?
Why is the statement false: If (A⊃B)∨(A⊃C) is true, then A implies either B or C
How to understand the atemporal (dahri) world in Mir Damad's philosophy of time?
Can rational argument really change someone's opinion?
Why is Tarski's semantic conception of truth simply ignored in mathematical logic?
Can Kant be said to be a supporter of enactivism?
Is it possible for God to exist outside of time?
What is the common term for "Zeigzigler's Philosophy"?
What can a Kantian do in self-defense?
How can the soul be a form in Aristotle's metaphysics but continue to exist after the body's destruction?
Could a B-theory God know what time it is now?
What is a good book for someone who has never studied philosophy before?
What is the basis for attributing discontinuity to space-time?
What is the difference between cause and reason?
Big Data's effects on questions in philosophy of science
according to utilitarianism, can it ever be right to get temporary gain, but long-term loss?
Why is there only one Categorical Imperative?
What is Money, (not money)?
Is it possible to determine good and evil in a vacuum?
What philosophers, other than Schopenhauer and Nietzsche, examine "will" first, before "free will"?
Mistakes in Sider's book, "Logic for Philosophy"?
How can theists respond to the argument that God is "unfalsifiable"?
What does the Soon unconscious determinants study prove?
What is the similarity and difference in the way Aristotle and Tomas Aquinas defining the concept of "Analogy of Being"?
For Kierkegaard, how does being "animal" and "rational" compel us to invent meaning?
Is Constant Growth of the former Hegelian Dewey not the new Hegelian Absolute?
What happened to rhetoric as a branch of philosophy?
What book recommendations for learning Hegel and Wittgenstein?
What does "helical change" mean in Hegelian dialectic?
Hilbert's formalism and game formalism differences and similarities
Can philosophy clarify these strange expressions?
Is materialism really an ontological position or is it an epistemic one?
Formal arguments versus 'polemic' arguments in the political arena and news media
What is the relation between Spirit and Time in Hegel?
What is the utility of non-falsifiable beliefs about God?
How can I make my friend who likes IT and physics interested in philosophy?
Isn't biocentrism just a simple deduction from subjectivism?
Why did Nietzsche like Julius Caesar so much?
How can death be a release from pain?
William James' definition of truth and rightheousness
How to derive: F(xy)→∼F(yx) ∴ ∼F(xx)
Is freedom of speech meaningful if there is no freedom from consequences?
New riddle of induction; does the observer know the arbitrary time t?
French "everyday" philosopher book with exercises
formulate an argument for determinism that cannot be directly solved by introducing a free soul, free consciousness, etc.
How can Christian heaven be interpreted as a part of materialist ontology?
Who should I read to broadly understand contemporary philosophical discourse?
What does the order of nested quantifiers in predicate logic express?
Are there any flaws in reasoning that collectivism can apply within a capitalist economy?
Is it sophistry to underline that a logical conclusion might stem from an ideology?
Can a non trivial definition of truth be given?
Why do we sum utilities, instead of aggregating in some other way?
What is the connection between color qualia and color frequencies?
How/where can I research about definition of "person"?
Discussion of alleged Wittgenstein quote about proof in philosophy
Why is Nietzsche more frequently associated with Nazis than Hegel is?
What do panpsychists think about artificial intelligence?
Can we prove that we can't prove reality?
Physicalism versus dualism: is it reasonable to assign a burden of proof to one party?
How does Hegel's idea of labor connect to idealism?
How did the philosophy of Ancient Greece influence Ancient Rome?
If happiness is relative, why would I want to get more of it?
Who are the most prominent post-Marx thinkers within Marxism?
Can radical skepticism be refuted?
Does anti-realism say that what we can't know isn't true?
Analytic Philosophy in India
How does the physicalism discuss the line between life and death?
Can something sensible be said about a world of complete nothingness?
How many people can know a secret?
Sir John Eccles and Professor John Searle debate
Can we trust our own cognition?
Fallacy on invalidation and conclusions
Does intent matter when deciding someone is lying?
Can truth be the ultimate goal?
When two wrongs do make a utilitarian right
What is or was modernity, the sociological phenomena?
Was Plato an idealist or a realist?
Is a definition of logic tautological?
Limitless Space
Name of philosopher who wrote about language mutations
How does Physicalism treat "non-physical" things such as ethics?
Is large scale strike action an essential element of Marxism?
Name for reverse Ad Hominem, (i.e. praising the defense)?
Infinite Divisibility: Zeno v Hume
The rule-following paradox : where is it?
Is procreation a given?
Where can I learn Mathematical Logic?
Is the no miracles argument for scientific realism viciously circular?
If mankind is a bridge then why would the anti-christ need to rewill history prior to themselves?
Persecution of philosophers?
References for the justification of the use of Logic
Is there any way to represented nested modalities in alethic modal logic?
Hume on contingent existence
Are universal skepticism and foundationalism at odds?
What philosophical objections based on irrationality have been put forward against the Creationist belief?
Is the antichrist neither "good" nor "evil", or only from a perspective which rejects both terms?
How do you call a logic fallacy that appeals to the impossibility of the task
Is Universal Skepticism self-defeating?
Can there be an objective purpose?
Is a suicidal person who continues to live disproving/contradicting determinism?
Usefulness of 'Knowledge'
How does Penrose defeat the computational theory of mind?
What were the most influential concepts in Hume's 'Treatise on Human Nature'?
If Christianity is true, why are we not created perfectly?
How come intuitive thinking is related to constructing a proof?
Is there a fallacy of priorities?
How is the correct way to read out negation in symbolic expression?
what is the difference between Descartes and Quentin Meillassoux in understanding the term of "Cogito"?
Is John Stuart Mill's quality/quantity of pleasure distinction consistent with utilitarian hedonism?
To what extent are the concerns of philosophy divorced from those of real life?
Is Compatibilism just a word game?
Was Aristotle aware of any counterarguments based on data to his aether theory?
What are the chances one can write and publish a philosophical book without formal education?
Most recent introduction to academic debates to vegetarianism and veganism
How does the circularity involved in the ontology of Dasein effect the question of the meaning of Being?
Redefining the Analytic/Synthetic Distinction in Terms of Computational Complexity
Can we assign positive values to a role defining us, like "mother" or "chef"?
How to study Hegel?
Correlation to Existential Nihlism and Life
What do Nietzsche's bogeymen say about the meaning of life?
Is the Logical meaning of <only if> produced by the Adverb <only> (that widens the Complementiser <if>)?
What arguments exist against inequality in life fulfillment?
Argument Evaluation for Rejecting the Skeptic
Language to describe that which is most fundamentally real
What is the difference between responsibility and commitment?
Why is it not obvious that if a brain state resembles a certain feature, then it represents that feature?
What are the main theories about divided consciousness?
Theory that we do everything for our own benefit
What evils does Socrates refer to when discussing his State and the origins of war?
Descartes and existence
Regarding Descartes' proof of God?
Is it meaningful to describe your will as shaped by your peers
Is Nietzsche's goal to find an intrinsic good in what he does?
Is philosophy the foundation for theology or is theology the foundation for philosophy?
Clear and distinct
Are we living or dreaming?
Support For Empty Room Idea
Are "being 1" and "being 2" basic concepts of our mind?
Is it possible to have an original thought and express it in english?
Does Aristotle's flawed biology doom his metaphysics?
Are beings in a simulation actually "beings" at all?
Mill's proof of utilitarianism: moving from the individual to the aggregate
Logical Fallacy for implied causality?
Does agnosticism require absolution?
Which philosopher was Copleston referring to in his debate with Russell?
Some questions on "context" in Mathematical Logic
Am I just a force of nature? (physicalist determinism)
What gives rise to the preponderance of 'Rosencrantz and Guildenstern's?
Explain Plato/Shakespeare quotes about overreaching
Is the belief in God different to gambling with the truth?
Structure diagram
Why did not former epochs distinguish between 'art' and 'craft'?
Name of fallacy that argues against the tools necessary for the argument
What does Timaeus mean in this saying?
Gödel: Why is a proposition undecidable?
Book of quotations from philosophers, inpsirational sayings, or passages to reflect on?
Can you list examples of problems that can not be solved within a formal system but human beings have solved through construction or creativity?
Where are the tourists from the future?
Does Google's latest translation tool support Jerry Fodor's Language of Thought Hypothesis?
Do we need a theory of mind to think about qualia, and are these the capacity to think about the senses?
Who has linked the analysis of modernism or post modernism to Lacan's four discourses?
Can fictional entities have capacities?
Short arguments with strong conclusions that are accepted by the majority of philosophers
When are we part of something and when is something a part of us?
About Religion and Science
Whats the main conclusion?
If history repeats as farce, then how can Nietzsche's madman prove the truth?
Does philosophy help us to find the truth? Or science? Or both
Why do we need to know the truth?
What's the purpose of politics?
Reasons to think that metaphysical theories express contingent truths
In what text and on what basis did G.E. Moore eventually reject the "open question argument"
Is there anything more to "metaphysics" than descriptions which are unjustifiable?
Can there be intention without an intender?
What sort of analysis is F Jameson's discussion of Hegel?
What does metamodernism say about Eric Gans' ideas on "victimary thinking"?
Is this a real quote by Bergson
If the next is a fallacy, which I believe it is, would it be some kind of straw man?
Education of civil servants
Various Philosopher's Perspective on the Meaning or Purpose of Life
Can a true statement also imply the opposite of itself?
Predicate Logic: How do I determine the truth in an interpretation of a sentence with more than one quantifier?
Is finding truth possible?
Do I need to read The Organon to understand Aristotle's philosophy?
Why would all law be positive law?
How to proof this theorem (x)(y)(z)((x=y&y=z)→x=z)
Does the right of one to live outweighs right of many to live happily?
What are the main approaches on how to count inequality?
How to distinguish empirical and logical when axiomatising a theory in Popper's deductive approach
Is logic based on uncertainty the fundamental logic?
Emergent Complexity In Probability Distributions
with (single) premise always false, can an argument still be valid
Is consciousness information?
On the ethicality of "inventing" a product you've heard of by travelling back in time and launching it there
Is there any scientific documenation expatiating upon The Law Of Cause and Effect?
Kant on being your own master
What philosophical views exist on the nature of honesty?
Conditional statement as a conclusion
What does 'hermeneutic analysis' mean for non-literary material?
What is the name of the fallacy of assuming B is true because A sometimes causes B?
Can there be information without a "knower"?
Physicalism: If consciousness isn't an illusion, what's its nature? What are the best clues?
How should we read Tractatus' proposition 6.4311?
How can I reconcile my philosophy with my faith?
Locke and thinking of the soul
What was post modernism before Lyotard?
Ayn Rand's Objectivism - Can an immoral act become moral?
Is there such thing as the present?
Descartes and feral children
Can moral behaviour be based on a lie?
What does this table regarding the 'connectives' '&' and '~' mean?
Sartre on essence
Clarification on two of Marx's writings: "To make the world philosophical" and "For the ruthless criticism of everything existing"
What did Schopenhauer mean by 'slipping a tip to a head-waiter when pretending to be above such things'?
What did Kant mean by 'courtesy of the heart'?
Difference between zeug and art(works) for Heidegger
Does Gaunilo's objection to the ontological argument itself presuppose God's existence?
Why am I myself rather than someone else?
If the world is always everything that is the case then is the world always the case?
Who is Plato and Socrates' God?
Has Descartes interpreted the rational mind as res cogitans?
What ideology or philosophy do I follow?
Do any moral philosophers discuss 'validation'?
Why are sentences expressing one's opinion statements?
Heidegger's origin of the work of art and Nietzsche's Dionysian vs. Apollonian forces in art
Deconstruction of Aristotle´s forms
What is the name of the view of 'pulling up the ladder of Judeo-Christian morality'?
Would it be immoral to enslave your own simulated mind?
Does the free will interpretation of evil contradict God's omnipotence?
Why is Marxism (not) historicist?
The effect of logical empiricism in research and education?
Could some of our conceptions about the physical universe be wrong?
Should words only be represented by finite and linearly structured graphemes?
Can a society with an arbitrary social rule be moral?
Is the Phaedo relevant to a materialist?
What is the difference between relational logic and predicate logic?
Rhetorical fallacy to fill lack of scientific evidence with superstition
Consistency in Modal Metaphysics
Existence as a predicate and Godel's ontological argument
What is the difference between Herbrand Logic and Relational Logic or Predicate Logic?
is a tautology always a valid argument?
Why do both "and" and "or" exist?
General vs Universal
Example of an unsound argument with true premise and true conclusions
What is post truth? And is there any real justification that we have moved into that kind of a world?
Ethics of taboo in research
Can one author be proved to be better than another?
Is the following excerpt an argument(premise and conclusion)
Some questions about Scientific American's article on nothingness
The opposite of 'x'
How can effects be thinkable without a law of causality?
Analyze the following fallacy:
On Wittgenstein's family resemblance and machine learning
Thomas of Aquino vs. William of Ockham
Is there a better answer to this argument claiming the impossibility of time extending infinitely into the past?
Was John's statement true or false? Why?
Are Theists and physicists talking about an empty universe or no universe at all?
Moral Fluidity and Ethics
How can anyone who hasn't realised the truth claim that Mahatma Buddha or any other person in history realised the God or Truth?
Are we all living in a "Black Box" and may we ever be able to make the world to serve our purpose?
What are the differences (if any) between classical and modern predicativity
What does the "existence" refer to at the end of the first surrealist manifesto?
Can we separate ideas (utilitarianism, social contract) from their primary associated philosophers (Mill, Rousseau)?
How can you rewrite without any conditionals 'If A then B; A; therefore B' ?
Did Meister Eckhart teach many times to only females?
What does it mean to be 'unaware that you are unaware that you are unaware'?
Names for most popular taxonomies of informal fallacies?
Is the following a quote from Nietzsche?
Immoveable object and irresistible force are from the same thing
Did Nietzsche say "Wherever is the crowd is a common denominator of stench"?
If little philosophical consensus could be reached, could philosophy be defined as a negative study?
Did Paul Feyerabend ever develop some alternative, useful and viable philosophy of science?
Does semantic externalism imply modal realism?
References for the study of language
Aristophanes’ Clouds - What's the Significance of 3ʳᵈ Place?
Does the philosophy of "be yourself" come from the Nietzsche's philosophy?
Does holistic health have its roots in Nietzsche's philosophy?
What are the phylosophical implications of the definitions of life?
Peano axiom of reflexivity and its implication for the ontological status of mathematical truth
compactness theorem failure in English
What was Kant's particular rejection of the virtue of benevolence based in?
Can everything that exists have no beginning or end?
Have I got Saussure's distinction between the form and substance right?
Implication Introduction formulated as a theorem?
Why are metaphysicians seemingly so elitist vis-a-vis other branches of philosophy?
Ancestor Simulations Theory contradicts Chaos Theory, Quantum Mechanics and Irreducibility?
Is "I don't care" a sound rebuttal in any ethical system?
Wittgenstein's Challenge: Good Practice or Bad Advice?
Is "better than nothing" a logical fallacy?
Why is it considered illogical to have a new fact that supports a previously-unsupported spiritual claim?
Does physicalism think a priori knowledge exists?
Are the laws of thought still accepted as the basis of logic?
is something contradictory means it is wrong?
Is there a logical way to look at "alternative facts"?
Can we know about everything?
Can we express the present tense without indexicality?
Can we know a predicate without a subject, non-propositionally?
Socrates and The Republic
The phenomenon of Négatité
Can a thing have more than one final cause?
Fallacy of: the Undistributed Middle vs Denying the Antecedent
Is This Ad Hominem?
What is the philosophical term used to describe the "fullness of the universe"?
Ethics when breaking non written rule occurs
Are analytic propositions always vacuously true?
Does Benjamin claim that revolution is a corporeal meaninglessness?
What did Kant mean by the term "category" and did the term change meaning with Hegel?
What would Adorno and Horkheimer say about modern pornography?
Descartes Wax Example (second meditation)
Is Isaiah Berlin's distinction between positive and negative freedom trivially exhaustive?
How do Marxists explain the failures of the working movement?
Are "to exist" and "to have being" the same?
Are there counter examples to Kant's perfect duties?
How can objective reality justify our statements?
Logical error in Augustinian theodicy
A person is really sad and depressed. What should he/she do?
Is it possible to deny that language necessitates ontological commitments?
Trees/tableaux fir K-IF logic
"Intellectual property" of publications
Is the system of Mathematics derivative from the corporeal nature of experience?
Problems with Existential Instantiation
Is there a logical system that accounts for cause and effect relationship?
What does Aristotle mean by showing fear in times of boldness?
How to translate the following sentence:
The difference between "P if Q" and "P only if Q"?
Is it moral to stop a computational process which is optimizing reward?
What is this reply to the Chinese Room argument?
What are sanctions for logical inconsistency?
distinction between solipsism and skepticsm
Help me understand coherence theory of truth
Is "destroyer of hope" same as "bringer of hopelessness"?
What are some of the best books for a robust introduction to Logic and Critical Thinking?
Can we compare the believe that mathematics refers to an objective reality with the believe in god(s)?
Would Quine say that Pegasus is not a winged horse?
Has religion adapted to modern cosmology and if so how?
Ethical evaluation of means used for wealth redistribution
How am I supposed to make my own decisions if I am just part of a design?
What did Wittgenstein (mean to) achieve in the Tractatus?
Is there an atheistic idealism that rejects noumena but isn't solipsism?
Who first devised the vowel-consonant designations in the taxonomy of syllogisms? (e.g. Barbara, Celarent, Darii, Ferio, etc.)
Philosophical interpretation of the cut rule of Sequent Calculus
In what way does induction concern itself "entirely with justification"?
Is Dasein Heideggerian Zen?
What sort of knowledge has been retained through theory change?
Is belief an intentional act?
Are there any ways to resolve liar paradoxes?
Is the "speed of time" perception a quale we can share?
Why aren't there fundamental duties?
Are there forms of capital which are not overtly economic?
What was Kant's argument that causation is necessary for observation?
“Some lions do not drink coffee.”
Is there any situation where lying by omission would be considered ethical?
Descartes' views on species
Tractatus 3.3421, possibility
Does a transgender person become a different person after transitioning?
To what extent is traditional theology relevant to simulated realities?
Why did Kant talk about metaphysics of ethics?
Name of fallacy of confusing technical term with its everyday meaning?
Is logical positivism contradictory?
Is the entirety of Kant's transcendental logic synthetic a priori, and if so, why?
Is there an Informal Fallacy for misusing/overidentifying Informal Fallacies in an argument?
How can Searle's Chinese Room argument refute to this argument?
Has anyone described what the universe must be like for agent-caused free will to be possible?
What has modern Neuroscience contributed to philosophy of mind (as opposed to science in general)?
Is every mistake or reactionary form of Marxism "substitutionalist"?
Can adjectives be concrete in an ontological sense?
How to determine when it is ethical to use imperfect driverless cars?
How do I put in mind that "I am going to die"
What is the definition of 'original'
Looking for a name for this flawed argument "tactic"
Authors who think Capitalism encourage psychopathic behaviour?
language and time (in "arrival")
Scientific consensus about the soul
Kant and causality as custom
Reductionism and Parmenides
What are functions in the Peano axioms?
What should be the definition of absurdity?
What is the difference between an excuse and a reason?
If consciousness was an illusion, would it be less real?
What are some arguments for the metaphysical specialty of life or consciousness
Can the following statement be simplified: ~(P & Q) & ~(R & T)
Does agency always imply choice?
How is this premises and conclusion to refute Searle's CR experiment?
Why some people are boring and some are interesting?
The relationship of women's right to abortion and men's duty of child support
How does Frege's definition of number solve the Julius Caesar problem?
If one element of a conjunction is false, is the whole statement false?
Is the possibility of a science of complexity a question of philosophy?
A question about logic
What is behind Girard's idea of distinguishing implication ( ⇒) and entailment (⊢) without separating language and meta-language?
What did Parmenides mean when he argued that there can be no change and no time?
Legitimacy of modern colonialism in Asia and Africa
What types of arguments convert nihilists to existentialists?
Can you recommend me 1 or 2 good formal logic books?
understanding intuitionistic logic
Determinacy of thoughts as an argument for the incorruptibility of the soul
Predicate logic proof
Could Napoleon have been born to different parents?
What is the relationship between what can be said and what cannot be said?
What resolves Zeno's argument for the non-existence of place?
What is the tradition of reasoning behind Archimedes's "a priori" derivation of the law of the lever?
Can one conceive history as "one body"? Are there "fixed" concepts or ideas that define cultural relativity?
Validity of: ◻◇◻p → ◇p in transitive frames
What legitimizes political theories?
Induction and prejudice
Is imagination more important than knowledge?
Prescriptive Nietzsche
How should journalists report about unpublished studies?
Is Protagoras the philosophical root of the "Turing Test"?
Is God,if there is any, is He moving or standing still,in the space that surrounds Him?
How do I translate sentences into propositional logic symbols?
Is science inherently naturalistic?
Dialectic : alternative to heuristic approach
Plato meets Quantum Mechanics
Aristotle's natural motion and general relativity
Is there something wrong in breaking the symmetry of Natural Deduction?
How to determine if these are true, false, or unknown?
How are beliefs restricted by an objective reality?
What in the philosophy of science makes it not mathmatics? What would I ask someone to filter out the bad faith?
What are the relations between externalism (Kripke, Putnam) and holism (Quine) about meaning?
Real impossible worlds
Is Homosexuality considered moral because it was seen in 'nature'?
Can a deterministic model of the universe account for an agent's free will?
Any recommendations on commentaries / rebuttals of Heidegger's Question Concerning Technology?
How can souls and angels be pure forms if only matter undergoes change?
What are the counterexamples to Kant's argument that existence is not a predicate?
What is an accurate description of truth?
What is a logical fallacy called which presumes correctness based on status?
Is there any research into the ethics of immediate gratification?
Does moral aversion to dis-enhancing animals suggest insecurity in our current beliefs?
Has any traction been made on the case to rename the field of philosophy?
Can someone help me with some arguments and counter-arguments for consequentialism?
Is the JTB theory of knowledge applicable to propositions expressing judgements?
How could Wittgenstein not rule out that there was a rhinoceros in the living room?
Frankfurt School: analytical or continental?
Is falsificationism a reliable scientific methodology?
Animal behavior considered morally neutral?
Is there a fundamental difference between strong and weak emergence?
Love and caring (Frankfurt)
Does Proving god scientifically implies that he is unfair?
Is restatement true in syllogism?
Is praying to God against what we say about God?
What were DesCartes's conceptions of objectivity & subjectivity?
What is understanding (of natural language texts) and how can we test or measure it?
Descartes and why the mind is perceived more evidently than the body
Time as a physical dimension
Is there an empirical system of ethics?
Does necessary equivalence imply identity?
When studying philosophy, is there a prioritization of primary or secondary sources/texts?
Can one not know if they are lying to themselves?
Consciousness as a cause of meaningfulness
What is an acceptable way to put forward a commonly held moral view in an academic essay?
What are good arguments against the moral case for vegetarianism?
Did Kant explain how a person is able to make a reliable decision, given that the noumenal world is unknowable?
prove: ∃x ∃y (Cube(x) ∧ Cube(y) ∧ x ≠ y ∧ ∀z (Cube(z) → (z = x ∨ z = y)))
Are analogies between ethics and mathematics philosophically coherent?
David Hume - Reason being a slave the passions
(How) did Galileo use the "Galileo argument"?
How to distinguish philosophy and literature?
Prerequisites for Michael Dummett texts
References for the Realism/Anti-Realism debate in Logic
What is the difference between deserving something and being entitled to something?
Does Aristotle think universals are identical to particulars?
What is the relationship between the BHK interpretation of propositional logic and Natural Deduction?
Does 'the quantum mind' solve the hard problem of consciousness and how popular is it?
Is it a fallacy to argue that if something is much much more likely to occur then it is in fact the case?
Where is Nietzsche's Antichrist last part (Law against Christianity)?
Can "nothing" have size?
Why do we still believe in time?
What's the purpose of economics / How is economics useful to humans?
Eastern European Philosophy
How can Aquinas' argument from motion to mover be reconciled with Newton's law of inertia?
The Nature of Consciousness
Why do “L” and “M” name the strong and weak modal operators in modal logic?
Locke - A return to nature
In Wittgenstein's Picture theory, why is self-awareness (e.g. Cogito ergo sum in Descartes) not an a priori true atomic thought?
Does modern philosophy entertain the notion of objective beauty?
Having trouble with "Argument From Ignorance" fallacy?
For Berkeley, how do subjective experiences exist?
What happens once all questions are asked?
Which, if any, moral theories say that doing some good deeds absolve us from doing others?
Is there any difference of terminology between a person who would never worship God and one who will upon proof?
How is the modern philosophical definition of life shaped by evidences from natural sciences?
What makes something indivisible?
Deduction vs Induction -- are they equally valid?
Why does the Freudian death drive exist if it is mute and has no 'effects'?
Philosophy of things relating instead of being
Does being a philosopher require being a historian?
Is it metaphysically possible for a belief to act directly?
Is there any philosopher who thinks that parts of the world are real, others unreal?
What does Foucault mean by the "non-being of madness"?
Measurement devices and empiricism
In the construction of the Theory of Types, by what principle is "Socrates is a man is a man" judged nonsense?
Is logical / illogical always binary or can it be on a gradient?
How are “causal” loops avoided in Aristotelian-Thomistic metaphysics?
The meaning of empirical evidence?
What is "intuition" for Kant?
Does a philosophical zombie have mental states?
How could human choices be actually rational?
What does Kant's universalisable principle have to say on arbitrary rules?
Philosophical suicide
Why did ancient Greeks not regard the negative numbers as numbers?
Untranslated Plato's republic?
If God exists why is murder wrong?
Does reincarnation require amnesia?
Are You Blameworthy for "reasoning incorrectly"
Should I use "philosophy" as a noun to describe my world view?
Is Althusser's Marxism a degenerating research program?
Does culture bias weaken the argument that modern science and a religious world view are compatible?
Does the claim "all things are possible" contradict itself?
For Kant, why are all preferences only conditionally valuable?
What are some resources on the roots of critical/cultural theory?
Is it provable that epistemically possible (possible for all I know) does not imply possible?
Cause and effect
Does this modal ontological argument prove the existence of God?
Theories of rationality/emotions which make Epicurus' death argument work?
Reasons to fear death
Can we characterize libertarianism without assuming moral realism?
What arguments are there for the existence of a personal God?
Is it ethical to save tigers?
Term for cohesion/unity (in art)
Can a useful, formal system of logic be constructed with no axioms or assumptions, or perhaps using only Occam's razor?
What is the role of public intellectual/philosopher in "post truth" world?
What is the name of the fallacy that denies inductive generalization based on emphasizing exceptions?
Implications of finding there is order in total randomness?
Intro books without historical focus
Can Nietzsche's "will to power" make a person's life meaningful?
What is the content of “equality”?
Which system of formal logic does the human mind use for the actual world?
In what sense are mathematical relations necessary?
What fallacy dismisses criticism of a bad law with "just don't break it"?
How can I differentiate between a philosopher and a scholar of philosophy?
What are the types of deductive logic?
Definition of proposition
Who is selfish?
Why is freedom obscure for Arendt? How does she prove or illustrate such obscurity?
The Principle of Explosion v. Reductio ad Absurdum
Does 5 + 7 = 12 really say anything new?
Do we really have a free will?
Help understanding Deleuzian realism?
"Proper" and "improper" functions of objects in art
Axiomatic Proof of Symmetry and Transitivity of Identity
Can mathematics be reduced to arbitrary axioms and logic?
What is the difference between supervenience and grounding?
Do (any) philosophers worry if there can be a priori truths about a changing world?
What does "physical" mean to philosophers?
What are the reasons for taboos in a society?
How to show that argument is valid?
Practical differences between a 'duty' and a 'rights' based ethical framework
Slavery, God and Prayers
Proving ¬Lp ∨ Lp
Act Utilitarianism = Rule Utilitarianism?
What inference mechanisms are used for justification in mathematics?
Mathematics and logicism
What was Putnam's position re truth and/or word/world relationship at the time of his death.
Which came first - philosophy, religion or science?
What are some current debates in metaphysics today?
What is Malebranche's explanation for the source of human error?
Unphysical terms appearing in mathematics applied to physics
Why is Psychologism invalid according to Husserl?
Can Resurrection and Reincarnation be reconciled?
What fallacy argues that we should do nothing because we can not do everything?
What is the fallacy in deriving necessity of an event from God's foreknowledge of it?
How important are Quine and Feyerabend to the philosophy of science and the demarcation problem?
Can aesthetics be poison to higher types?
Which pre-Socratic believed the sun was a burning bar of iron?
What is going on with Russell's "beauty cold and austere" of mathematics?
What is the difference between a scientific theory and a model?
What's the difference between the "hermeneutics of suspicion" and conspiracy theory?
Who was first to say that justice is "to give each his due"?
What was the "golden rule" before "love of the other as the self"?
What are the differences between hypothesis, supposition, assumption, postulate, and axiom?
Who first suggested that the state should hold the monopoly on violence?
Unethical to keep fishy trapped?
Can accuracy of predictions be used to measure knowledge of individuals?
does the Myth of Sisyphus illustrate dasein?
Is it ethical to confess?
Reason for a reason
What is the definition of a law of physics, really?
What are reasonable basic obligations of citizens in democratic societies?
How far can compatibilism go: God as active creator with perfect foreknowledge and free will
Is entropy a circular reasoning concept?
Is a reason to believe something can be explained, also a reason to think that the explanadum exists?
Pythagoras' apothegm
Doesn't population increase logically preclude reincarnation?
How many predicables does Aristotle have?
Anselm's Ontological argument for the existence of God. Am I getting it right?
What is the definition of definition
Physicalistic alternatives to utilitarianism?
Is there any etymological difference between 'category' and 'predicate' in Aristotle?
How are virtue and learning related for Confucius?
Textbook(s) on epistemology
Can a non linear perception of time be the answer to the apparent contradiction between God's Decree and human free will?
Kant's second formulation
Time dynamics of probability (from a game theoretic point of view)
Normativity and causal explanation of the mind
Gender roles - do they matter?
Can the communist revolution be blamed for the violence of the USSR?
Philosophers who wrote about limits of knowledge?
Is pure altruism irrational?
Is this inductive or deductive?
Quine on higher set theory
If it can't be measured, how can we know it's not a delusion?
How do feminist thinkers justify choice feminism?
Could there occur a programming/scripting/coding “singularity”
Is negative utilitarianism wrong by supporting antinatalism?
How can certain predicates be proven to not have sets as their extension?
What 'internal' or 'divine' sign is Socrates referring to in The Republic when talking about the scarcity of true philosophers?
Does philosophy ask "why am I here" to help us understand how we got here?
How to convince me that this world still exists even after my death?
Can happiness be measured quantitatively? such that an amount of money can buy
How to start Philosophy and find the branches that are related to my questions?
Looking for references about the philosophy of speech
What is the Greek word for 'being qua being' in Aristotle's Metaphysics?
Write down a sentence that is a contradiction if and only if the argument ‘X, therefore Y’ is valid
How is Adorno suggesting we respond to culture?
Is there a name for the fallacy that refuting the argument refutes the conclusion?
What is the relation of natural rights to human rights ?
Historiography of the Ship of Theseus
How do theories within the natural sciences destabilize our view of the world?
Is anger an adaptive trait? If so why should/not we get rid of it in a progressing civilization
is Christian philosophy possible? or can there be Christian philosophy?
Is double negation deconstruction applied to all branches of a truth tree?
Jacques Lacan's Structuralism - Terminology
Are axioms tautologies?
Are infinitesimals in the Newton and Leibniz calculus potential or actual?
fitch proof chapter 13 exercise 13.49
What is time for Bergson? And how is it different from duration?
Researches on 'Ontology of the Subject' with a focus on Lacan
Clear and canonical examples of analytical proofs in philosophy
What sources discuss the polemic over the Feder-Garve review of Kant's Critique of Pure Reason?
Could the period before the Big Bang be compared to the period after death?
Can something be absolute and subjective?
What does Hegel think of Descartes' argument in Meditation 4?
Did Jesus try to copy Socrates?
Mill's Proof and Nozick's Experience Machine
What does lacan mean when speaking of 'subject'
Thomas Nagels critique of materialism
Necessity and sufficiency of conditions
What are the arguments for and against "one true arithmetic"?
Democratic ethics - sources for system of ethics determined by democratic principles
Can there be a clear notion of action that isn't embedded in ontologically static referents?
What is Laurie Paul really trying to argue at the core of decision making before transformative experience?
Are there an infinite number of possibilities?
Gaia and entelechy?
What fallacy is it to say someone is wrong because they believe [some word defined as being wrong]?
Can there be true conclusions without assumptions?
How do we define a fact?
Can the issue of "something from nothing" be resolved by analogy?
Does Aristotle ever explicitly refer to man as a "rational animal"?
Why is it that when A is false and B is false, we infer that A->B is true?
Can we really attribute property P to an object with multiple parts which differ with respect to P?
How literal or free are Bloom's and Jowett's translations of the Republic?
Is this a correct symbolic formulation of the idea that one symbol can't mean two different things (in one system)?
How Would Hedonists View a Hypothetical "Perfect Drug"?
Is it valid to prove the axioms of a system from themselves? How does it square with Gödel's incompleteness?
I am looking for the name of this paradox (too long to put in title, sorry)
What makes something relevant to an argument, and how can one assess relevance?
What is a hypothesis in this context?
How do these three books on philosophy compare and contrast to each other?
How specific to a set of circumstances can the categorical imperative be?
Why isn't the measurement of a not moving observer in physics not considered as the absolute distance?
What is the relationship between cognition and qualia?
Variables in semantically equivalent propositions (prop. logic)
Counter Proof to determinism?
As adjectives: 'different' vs. 'differential'
Soundness of a deductive argument
Is free will fundamental property of everything?
Two questions on Quine's philosophy of science
Are there any philosophical writings/works about Fourier transforms?
Understanding the act of banning
What exactly is "Anti-Formalism" in philosophy?
What reasoning (if any) do we use to prove we or the world exists?
A problem with Modal Logic (necessary truths)
Rethinking arithmetic operations after J.L. Austin's performativity?
Does this syllogism by Russell show that Aristotelian logic doesn't work?
Looking for a reference on a kind of mathematical platonism
What is the explanation for inferring existence in every possible world from existence in some in Plantinga's Ontological Argument?
What are the intricacies of the law of cause and effect?
Rational Player in Game Theory
Is morality "natural", or, is "it's natural" a good moral argument?
Is language a living system?
Categorical Imperatives and Imbalances of Power
What is meant by the following: This law is well motivated in cases where we may be ignorant of the facts
Can the Mind-Body Question ignore Non-locality?
Why do we take deductive and inductive reasoning for granted?
help understanding famous Nietzsche quote: "With greatness — that means cynically and with innocence."
Is the reasoning behind this proof that a unified scientific theory of everything in physics is impossible correct?
Can anyone help me solve this (p → r) → (¬a v b), p → q, b → s, q → r, ¬a → s // (r v s)
What is the argument from tolerance for cultural relativism? Why does it fail?
Is Empiricism "False"?
Is it a good idea to write a Philosophical essay when you know the conclusion will not be satisfying?
Logic and Computation : a philosophical viewpoint
what's the word/idea that everything has to be tested by science for it to count as fact?
Use the Fitch system to prove the tautology (p ∨ ¬p)
Objections to moral nihilism based on argument from evolution?
can sensory perception be faked?
How should I approach Wittgenstein's works?
Is holism likely incompatible with scientific method?
What did Aristotle think of the "music of the spheres"?
Is a sound made?
Look at what is being said not who is saying it
What is the role of subject and object in human history, according to Hegel?
Does many valued logic hold in unambiguous cases?
The production of meat and John Rawls
How would ethics or moral science be different if (human) life were eternal?
What's the purpose of listening/share other people/own music?
Was Nietzsche the first philosopher to really lay claim to 'transvaluation'?
How much mathematics and formal logic is needed to pursue graduate studies in Philosophy?
Tarski's definition of truth for finitary languages
Why does Kant consider "rational agents," humans, as ends in themselves and not means?
Does string theory raise new philosophical questions about existence of physical objects?
Is an argument that contains a fallacy invalid?
Trolley problem: preference utilitarians vs. classical utilitarians vs. Kant
Self-studying philosophy
Is comprehending that something is incomprehnsible itself a paradox?
Happiness philosophies and dealing with other people's happiness
How do philosophers / philosophy professors respond to criticisms?
What is "moral goodness" according to Kant?
What is Benjamin saying in thesis VI in On the Concept of History?
Choosing to believe unfalsifiable hypotheses because of their consequences
What is the difference between accuracy, certainty, truth and fact?
What is a good layman's introduction to Popper?
Is there a name for a fallacy wherein it is assumed either someone is lying or their assertion is true?
Is there a flaw in Descartes' "clear and distinct" argument?
Where does the philosophical category of " Being " have its legitimacy?
Has knowledge's validity increased?
Intentional Inexistence?
Why does Schopenhauer think aesthetic experience is the suspension of pain and desire?
Are semantic inferences between undecidable sentences in a system possible?
What does this quote mean about Plato's Cave?
Formal epistemology starting point
Identifying deployed rhetoric instruments
Tarski's 'list-like' definition of truth
Is a Thomist possible modal proposition a non-judicative proposition?
Isomorphism vs homomorphism in the Tractatus' picture theory of language
When is a robot considered alive?
Is it possible to imagine a color one has never seen before?
What analogies are there for thinking about the flow of time?
When does a watermelon cease to be watermelon?
Does Nagel's take on what it's like to be a bat dissolve the question of what causes consciousness?
Foundations of logic and reasoning in natural languages
Exclusive Disjunction
What is the intension of the concept “intension”?
A question about taxonomy terms' usage
What are the arguments for maximising total utility as opposed to average utility?
Aristotle's Ethics - Moral Responsibility
Is there such a thing as a systematics where the class members are comparing/systematizing themselves?
Is it possible that I'm "God" or a special being/deity?
What's the difference between Aristotle's logic and Frege's logic especially with regard to predicates?
How, if at all, has the concept of rhetoric mutated during post-modernity?
What is Hegelian dialectic of good and evil and how does it relate to binary opposition in structuralism?
Ontologically closed statements
Is Aristotle a monotheist?
Is this formulation of the watchmaker argument vaild or not?
What would the existence of the multiverse mean for theology?
To what extent can we carry on the concept of discrimination?
Are mythological stories scientific explanations?
Is the logical problem of evil still argued?
Moral value and secondary qualities
Is arguing pro choice because "a woman has the right to control her body" invalid?
When does a brain transplant make something human?
Hume (Cause and Effect and Substance)
Are secular ethics intended to be interpreted as objective?
Hume on substance
Physical reality cannot be defined
If one agrees with Quine's dissolution of the Analytic/Synthetic distinction, what is left of Kant's epistemology?
Why do I exist?
Empiricism out the door
Philosophers who view Aesthetics as an application of other fields of Philosophy?
Corruption, Bribery and Greed
What is the value of Justice in Utilitarianism?
Is one of the sciences superior to one (or several) of the others?
Some questions can't possibly have an answer
Explanation behind the 'human' reaction to 'terrorism'
Philosophical implications of central limit theorem (CLT)
Logical proof of the existence of other dimensions
What do you call someone who values "good" people over "bad" people?
Is it a logical flaw to blame someone for an event if they were simply its causal factor?
Whatever unites people divides them in the next level
Why is it true that anything that changes must be divisible according to Aristotle?
How can we define "human rights"
Is the scientific method, itself, falsifiable?
If i am interested in existence as a philosophical concern, where should I start reading?
Tautologies and Quantification
What is the value of the individual in Marx's writing?
Someone said argument A, the other heard argument A', is that a fallacy?
I trust people, why should it change?
'you cannot refute the truth; for Socrates is easily refuted': How does this rebut disagreeing disputatiously?
Why cannot anything in Plato be skipped, because you cannot skip a part of a play or poem?
how does desire can kill your focus?
How do we select protected attributes?
A second indubitable axiom
What is the difference between Interactionism and Cartesian Dualism?
Are paradoxes a necessary element of everyone representation of the world?
Is love a phenomenon of mauvaise foi?
What is the difference between eternalism and the B theory of time?
What is the name (and ideally some further reading) for the Aesthetics theory that a thing is beautiful if it achieves its goal?
Is it morally wrong to deny friendship with nice people?
How can one say that only matter exists without presupposing the idea of existence/being?
Could Zen have a chance to "transform" ( aka outbreak ) the Western logos oriented thoughts?
Why do we not refer to authors as often in science classes than in philosophy classes?
Religious belief as a consequence of self-reliance
Does Bergson mean we can't imagine our death, in The Idea of Nothing?
What is the name of this logical fallacy involving probabilities of two unrelated events?
What did Frankfurt School offer as alternative to rationality?
What did Aristotle mean about the Pythagoreans?
Do material things like trees, birds exist if we are not there to percieve them?
How do you guys view Jungian Psychology?
How do you prove probability?
Refusing to admit one's mistakes due to certain inherent conditions
Is noumenon euphemism for undemonstrable or pseudoscientific?
What is the aim of science?
Is Plato's theory of a supposed ideal world simply just an acknowledgement of the nature of the human mind?
Can you make a valid inference invalid by adding extra premises?
What is a simplistic definition of Boethius' Consolation with Philosophy?
What did Friedrich Nietzsche think about mainstream education, as in public schooling?
How have scholars reconciled Analects 14.16-17 with 15.7?
Does providence imply the same thing as fate in Christianity?
Question on causation
What is the difference between class and concept?
Is 'interpretation' in quantum mechanics the same as 'interpretation' in probability?
What is the name of this logical fallacy?
Concepts with inexistant definitions but for which our common intuition is enough for practical usage
Is knowledge intrinsically hierarchical, and if so does that hierarchy have implications for the possibility of anarchy?
What meant Gilbert Ryle by ‘nothing chatters’?
What meant Wittgenstein: ‘I really do think with my pen, because my head often knows nothing about what my hand is writing.'?
Why argues Wittgenstein: If someone has solved the problem of life, and believes everything quite easy now, he can see that he is wrong?
How does one comment on does actions similar to Hitler's without invoking Godwin's Law?
Truth in programming and life
Logical Fallacy for argument "everybody else is fine with it"
How is Hume's criticism of causality tied to his epistemological presuppositions? What responses can be offered by challenging them?
Examples of known or fallow existential symbioses between different scientific disciplines (in an essential, not merely engineering, sense)
Are there serious challenges to the 'principle of charity' as presented by Donald Davidson?
How do I apply existential elimination to the following Fitch proof?
Presentism: Which present?
Is This System of Utility A Significant Improvement For Utilitarianism?
How does Kant rule out permanent soul in his argument for the existence of external world?
Are "All A is B" and "If A then B" always logically equivalent?
How is agency involved in parliamentary democracy?
Is the axiom of infinity truly an axiom?
Has anyone discussed the computerisation of democracy?
Proof for the Rule of Absorption in Propositional Logic?
How may Nikolaus von Kues’ “concept of concept” be applied as a bridge between logic and theology?
I search an example of an ad hominem argument, which is not simultaneously an argument from analogy
What logical fallacy or cognitive bias is in this statement?
Is it valid to calculate the probability of different metaphysical realities?
What fallacy infers motivation from mere description?
What's the term/phrase when someone assumes you take on the diametrically opposed view simply because you negate a position?
Have any philosophers written about why they write philosophy?
How do we know that if the statement "A → B" is correct, "¬B → ¬A" is correct?
Putnam's argument against the possibility of nominalising 'distance-statements' in "Philosophy of Logic" (1972)
What would a Kantian Deontologist do in the situation where there is a group of children drowning, but he is wearing expensive shoes.?
Is the bar lower for literary theory?
Overview of Schelling's philosophy
Aristotle's Categories
What is the name of the fallacy when someone conflates a motivation for one of the variables?
Where should one place quantifiers when translating sentences into predicate logic?
Free will and hard determinism
Any chapter length study on the phenomenology of my reflection in a mirror?
Attitudes towards life or philosophies of life
What is knowledge? It is not matter, nor energy. How can it be defined?
Is there any reason to think that time is necessarily flowing "forwards" rather than backwards, or another direction completely?
When is happiness enough?
Any deconstruction or "after theory" texts related specifically to poetry?
How does Kant derive the categories of the understanding from the logical forms of judgment in the Critique of Pure Reason?
Quick logic deduction question
Why do we take picture either from phone or camera?
According to Russell, are sense data NOT the only things immediately known, or are they not purely mental?
What is a better way to describe the "arbitrary" nature of the value of pi?
Identifying logical fallacy in argument
What is the distinction between positivism and logical positivism?
Is the Name of an Ideology (Like "Progressivism") a Singular or General Term?
Morality of Interfering in Foreign Elections
Is quantum indeterminacy inextricable from observation?
How can you prove I'm not a dog?
Why can there only be one necessary being, as opposed to two or thirty seven?
Is it a logical fallacy to falsely assume that two subsets of a population, with conflicting viewpoints, have a significant intersection?
What are the ethical implications of speculating on Bitcoin?
What role do values have in science according to Popper?
Why did Hegel start the Phenomenology of the Spirit the way he did?
Cases with Poppers theories?
Have there been any proposed empirical tests for free will?
What is the difference between the idea of the "social contract" in Hobbes and Locke?
Reading Aristotle or Secondary Sources
Intuitionism and physics
According to Kant - how is transcendental deduction of the forms of sensibility and categories of understanding possible?
What skeptical arguments do not use induction?
Why do humans think that something starts with nothing?
Ethical values according to Polanyi
Chinese 'Tao' ('Dao') vs South African Ubuntu
Everyone is biased fallacy
Are Geometries True?
Is an argument from ignorance ever valid?
Is humility necessarily despicable?
Does Probability come before Scientific Method?
Can analogues of moral non-naturalism make some metaphysical hypotheses more defensible?
Broad Observations of Agnosticism
Can we desire a specific thing?
Are any of the following considered properties? If so, what kind of properties are they?
What is the difference between Conditional and Logical consequence in everyday language?
Is this an inductive or a deductive argument?
Hypocrisy and Ad Hominem
A fact about Sun
What is the difference between philosophy, religion, and science?
Does Singer mean that we are never moral, and if not so what?
Some examples of what lacan calls 'subject'
What did Karl Marx mean by "revolutionary combination due to association"?
What's the name of the argumentation position / logical fallacy of saying "well prove it doesn't exist"
From where do we get the idea that God is one (1)?
What is "the Nietzschean criterion" in Camus' "The Myth of Sisyphus"?
Of which philosophy is this when these points stick together?
Identify fallacy and opposing argument - Insiders are biggest security threat, therefore insiders can't be trusted
Is Kant's Transcendental Analytic supposed to be analytic or synthetic?
Why does an individual hold a belief?
In Kant, is the value you have form being human the same as the duty I have to you?
How can moral realism be defended against the fact that morals and values change over history?
Which philosophers best opposed Plato's Theory of Forms?
What would Nietzsche have said about moral relativism in leftwing politics?
What good is philosophy that is not clearly reasoned?
Is human civilization doomed to repeat cycles of cataclysms?
What is more sinister than trust?
Is 'truth' abstract or concrete?
Is there a formal philosophy of moderation/mediation?
How can hard atheism & physicalism be adhered with confidence given quantum mechanics?
"Reality is a social construct" -- fair characterization or not?
Are Laws crafted around personal/individual beliefs ethical?
What does Sartre think about the being of animals? According to sartre, how are animals and humans different?
How does Anselm define justice
What makes valid a philosophy of success?
General question about our universe, mathematics and physics: Why is 1+1=2?
Resolving the divide between logic and emotion, and their presence in causality
Can science and art be described as different lenses into the human mind?
Fallacy: you cannot criticize Q at time A because you did not criticize Q at time B?
How does the Transcendental Doctrine Of Method connect to the rest of Kant's work?
Socrates as a foot soldier and his political philosophy
Is it logical to fall in love?
Why do singular propositions have a universal quantity?
What is the explanatory power of Possible World Semantics?
Alternatives to Axiomatic Method
The Ethics of Brainwashing
Had the Second World War an underlying philosophical issue?
Why did we define vacuous statements as true rather than false?
Is there a contemporary survey of exportation?
What is Aquinas' argument for humans having a nature desire to live forever?
Does mathematical proof require faith
Is there a term for when the other party switch sides in an argument?
Is philosophy a science?
Difference between Carnap and Quine's views
How many numbers does it take to describe conscious reality?
Can a machine generate an "idea"?
What are lucid examples of non-truth functionals?
What stoicism offers for platonic love?
Question about the categories in the Critique of Pure Reason
“Cannot legislate morality” – principled arguments?
What are some of the criticisms of Noam Chomsky and his ideas?
history of philosophy side-by-side with science and art
What are some movements and schools inspired by Wittgenstein's philosophy?
Why does Searle think that consciousness is "obviously" physical?
When ought we trust others instead of ourselves?
In Chalmer’s understanding, is a “philosophical zombie” roughly identical to Descartes’ automaton?
Is it possible to know of the properties of concrete particulars without having a reference to compare with?
Why does it matter if we live in "the best of all possible worlds"?
Why wouldn't Searle learn Chinese in his Room given infinite time?
Is there any other philosophy or belief system like stoicism?
De re vs. De dicto
Reference request: applied ethics and the finance industry
Does arguing against rules because they can potentially be broken make any sense?
Why was the concept of empty domains introduced?
Does something permanent really need to accompany private sensations in Wittgenstein's Private Language Argument?
Does this definition of a soul make sense?
Does Wittgenstein's Private Language Argument (PLA) commit the fallacy of question begging?
Some clarifications for a sentence from Bertrand Russell's work
Does the Private Language Argument (PLA) succeed in showing that some form of public extra mental world exists?
Averroes's commentaries on Aristotle
Duns Scotus' criticism of Aristotle's Modal Argument against self change
What is the nature of proof in mathematics?
Which books to read?
What's the difference between virtue and moral goodness according to Plato?
It is possible agree with ideas(that make up an ideology) without being part of it?
What philosophers argued that human rights can be forfeited?
Formulation and clarification of Zeno's arrow paradox
To what extent is literary deconstructionism applied to philosophical texts?
Kant in a German edition
What areas within philosophy look at continuity of personality and self-hood?
Why can some things apparently be "pretended" but others apparently can't?
Does one ought to be ethical?
What reasons does Mackie argue for expressions of value being objective?
how do you prove the existence super natural
Descartes' Demon
Implications of John Searle's distinction between brute facts and social facts?
Why so much hate for postmodernism?
Is my interpretation of the phrase 'with my mind' supported by Moore's 'Proof of an External World'?
What is Romanticism? Does one still believe in such a conception? Seemingly opposed to rational Truth!
Do we know whether Hegel's Owl of Minerva is meant to be a present or future reference?
Does Dasein "relate" to its own death?
Would a robot dominatrix violate the 1st law of robotics?
If a moral law contains "If-then/Unless-then" clauses, is it still Kantian?
Question about reality; different events having impact on further events that one usually would not possibly relate to one another?
Difference between 'neutral' and 'objective'?
What fallacy dismisses problems by making it specific to the critic?
What is a proper/ideal name for the "predicate logic" / "predicate calculus" language
Ad baculum fallacy: is there a distinction between a direct threat and an appeal to an external one?
What did Socrates teach which lead to his conviction that he spoiled youth and taught other Gods?
To what kind of religion is Hegels 'spirit' (Mind/Geist) most related?
Earlier and later Wittgenstein - reasons for change in thought, and resultant conclusions
Are there arguments against the Argument to Moderation?
In which existing category "the great Beethoven fallacy" falls in?
The role of Senghor's epistemology in African Philosophy?
About Socrates' notion of "good"
Does being a moral atheist require being a vegetarian?
Why there are so many blunders/fallacies in Plato's Dialogues?
Can the Soul be Transported or Duplicated?
On the distinction between "objecthood" and "knowability" in Kantian philosophy
Searching for book on Ibn Arabi
What fallacy in Pascal's Wager allows replacing God with the devil?
Can Nietzsche's overman be thought of as a centripetal force?
What is the consensus on metaphysical innocence of social construction (2N2C)?
Do consequentialists consider all warring nations to be terrorist states?
Source for an Al-Kindi quotation
"You can't give me a C; I'm an A student!" is an example of what logical fallacy?
What is the name for a logical fallacy by which ownership of related items assigns value or ability to the owner?
Dialectics on Victimhood and Responsibility
Who has claimed that beauty is order?
Is it unethical, according to Kant, to break copyright and pirate books online?
What is the name of the fallacy that only reasons about an action in itself, outside of its context?
What fallacy is "pot calling the kettle black"?
How do you have to rate the probability of an existential claim?
Relational interpretation and 'simulated universe'
How do we know the world wasn't created 5 minutes ago?
Why do we assume good and evil exist?
Why do famous people become famous?
Do logically incoherent statements still have meaning?
What type of Logical Fallacy is this?
What are the implications of accepting that we don't have free will?
Do we continue to live because "I can always die, but not always live"
Relationship between Kant's logic and predicate logic
At what prediction level do we call a physical world theory true?
Has any philosopher argued that the point of life is to extract art from it?
Hegel and mathematicians
Where's the story with "...not in this generation, no; but in 2 or 3 generations, yes" located?
Nietzsche - Fictions effectiveness
Do we all exist in some sort of superposition?
rational egoism
What are the rules for a zero-premise derivation involving disjunctions?
Could a Marxist claim that interpreting the world is all that a Marxist vanguard can do (but that the working class can still change it)?
Why is the mind/body problem considered to be particularly hard?
On which level of scientific disciplines can we effectively identify characteristics of life?
Descartes's cogito falls short
Can there only be one success in an infinite amount of trials?
Is Popper correct on Anaximanders theory?
Critical thinking problem with necessary and sufficient conditions
Based on evolution, do we arrive at deductive principles inductively?
Kant on the Essential Ends of Reason
Can philosophy assist in closing the gap between what we percieve to be real and what our science demonstrates to be the actual reality.
Have there been fin de siècle moments, in philosophy
Allegory of the cave & Nietzsche
Current, eminent philosophers addressing political/democratic theory?
Correlation between Stirner's "spooks" and Dawkins' "memes"?
What (if anything) is wrong with Searle's analogy?"..."
What is the fallacy called - A occurs because B causes it then if !A means !B?
How does one actually settle an argument with logic?
What is the theory that existence, life, and/or consciousness arise simply because all possibilities must be exhausted, and this is one of them?
What logical fallacy is "dictatorship of the proletariat" = dictatorship
How do we learn math and science?
What is the epistemic justification for hearsay?
What would Socrates' approach be towards Darwinism?
Does religion negate innovation?
Friedrich Nietzsche - On the Genealogy of Morals - Slave Morality Imposition
Can you list other Collingwood's Absolute Presuppositions?
How does one prove a generalised conditional statement?
Aggregate utility and the sadistic theatre
Did a lot of Greek philosophers believe lying is impossible?
Is someone evil if they do the right thing?
How is a thought initiated and then that thought cause a reaction?
Theory, Thesis, Hypothesis and the mysterious Theorem
FOL - Functions that don't apply to all elements in the domain of discourse
Burden of Proof vs. Confirmation Bias vs. Falsifiability
What is the term for the belief that everyone acts entirely selfishly
Fallacy?: "Wyoming - It's like no place on Earth"
Does Dennett's definition of Free Will imply that game-playing programs have free will?
Definition of Kant's synthetic a priori
Is Psychological Egoism true? Did C Daniel Batson refute it?
The source of "It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave"?
Is the location of Wyoming a posteriori and analytic?
What do atheists believe in? (in layman terms)
Are we "realists" about something we think reduces to something mind dependent?
What logical fallacy considers a personal experience to be common place
Fighting Conspiracy Theory with Conspiracy
Has anyone claimed that if time were infintely divisible then events would be mind depdenent?
Why is Nicomachean Ethics similar to Eudemian Ethics
Is there an answer to false positives/negatives of Kant's categorical imperative?
"Reality" the meaning of in epistomology
Does being right negate a straw man in your argument?
Voltaire's recommendation to Katharina II
Difference between "Base Rate Fallacy" and "Confusion of the Inverse Fallacy"
If all men became equally rational, would rationality still have any meaning?
Are there any philosophers who believe "If Determinism is true, there are no counterfactual possibilities"?
Examples of analytic statements
What does the state of the world say about philosophy's progress?
When is causality false?
What is the meaning of sadness?
Do any Marxists write about Ulysses' "nightmare of history"
Marsilio Ficino' commentary on the Symposium on Love guidance
Why do we search for a meaning in life
Question about Syllogisms
What's the term for claiming someone does something that you do to weaken the power of people's criticism of you doing it?
What problems get mis-conceptualised when we impose set theoretical assumptions on them?
Language Logic Proof Question: ¬∃x∀y[E(x,y) ↔ ¬E(y,y)]
Language Logic Proof Q
Not living a life true to yourself
Hubert Dreyfus & Heidegger - is Heidegger a dualist?
Are philosophical claims grounded in the observations of the material world around us? (With regard to supernatural claims)
Logic question regarding a logical truth
Can something be both objective and subjective to me at the same time?
What do we gain from subjective experiences?
"The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms." - Socrates?
Believing in Humans but Not in Reality
Can someone help me find this article on the philosophy of religion?
Do we have the same duty to future generations?
The Morality of Apathy
Particular concepts in integrated information theory
What logical fallacy is the statement that "A good person would do X" as an argument against not doing X?
Is a pattern a real "thing?"
Is it ethical to be friends with a bad person?
Is the difference between hypothesis and theory naïve as propagated by scientists?
Are speeding tickets ethical?
Does anything exist outside present experience?
Is art just abstract or is concrete and I simply perceive different parts of it every time?
What does Russell mean when he's rephrasing "I have two hands"?
Is this a lucky person or an unlucky person?
Who still defends the concept of "end of history"?
Can anyone ever know for sure that other people are also conscious?
What is the difference between Avicenna's and al-Ghazâlî's understandings of causality?
The will to truth or the will to untruth
Philosophers for 9/11 truth
Does the whole universe end when an individual dies?
Who is ethically better wolf or a sheep herder?
Quine - Two dogmas of empiricism - status of mathematics
What does Nietzsche mean by religion of decadence?
On Mastering Topics of a Certain Difficulty
what is the concept behind time machine?
Do Deleuze and Baudrillard really advocate extracting capitalism's "subversive energy"?
Is art the object I'm consuming or what is happening within my own mind as I consume it?
Can spontaneous body movements confirm or infirm free will?
What pleasure does God get from the creation of humans?
In what ways are formalisms like modal logic Eurocentric?
Hitler as a negative or positive example?
What theoretical underpinnings, if any, connect Philosophy with Linguistics?
Does love exist?
Is it ethical to have a "personal philosophy"?
If we aren't approaching the final theory, does it mean there's an infinite number of natural laws?
Is there any point arguing talking with someone whose rhetorical goal is to show that you are ignoring them?
Who said postmodernism is a Right-wing philosophy?
How did Spinoza explain the existence of evil?
Do people get according to their deeds?
Do postmodernists insist that "laws of physics" are "mere social conventions"? Or not anymore?
Authors that compare nationalism to religion
Has Ingmar Bergman's existentialism been studied by philosophers?
Is the idea of the word of God a means to understand human nature, and prayer?
Question about Leibniz' view on monads and causality
Is the Integrated Information Theory of Consciousness Falsifiable?
Name this fallacy: "Your statement A didn't include B, therefore <conclusion about your views on B>"
What view thinks that good and bad mean satisfy and dissatisfy?
Does Nietzsche commit the genetic fallacy?
What is the name of this "can't be done" fallacy?
Personal Philosophy Re: Good and Evil
What are the Limitations and Vulnerabilities of Objectivity Biases?
Term for Evil Magnified (e.g. Organized Crime)
What fallacy is "Lots of things cause bad thing X, so there is no point in not doing Y to prevent X"?
Implications of a discovered mathematics
Popper vs the Argument from Ignorance
How can one reconcile moral objection to wage slavery with the societial need for money?
Does moral intelligence help in philosophy class?
Postmodernism advocates are Right-wing or just can't see its effects against the Left?
What does Kierkegaard think the self is?
Does Socrates fear Euthyphro?
Can the capitalist class realise they are alienated?
Why does Nietzsche "love those that know not how to live"?
Why Chomsky called postmodernist ideas "absurdities" when related to the "Third World"?
Robert E. Lee vs George Washington - What kind of fallacy?
can anyone understand this?
What are the relations between Neoliberalism and Postmodernism?
Are there terms for being "inside" vs "outside" an argument?
What are some good forums or places to discuss original ideas on philosophy?
Psychoanalytic anthropology
Exercise problem involving validity of arguments
Contemporary literature on Kantian ethics?
Are there any online resources where it is possible to read the works of great philosophers?
Can you Define Something in Terms of What is True About it?
Should you ethically have rights on ideas you give away for free?
Schopenhauer's Fourfold Root: query on a passage
Is it proper to speak of non-existent objects?
Is "peer-reviewed" a distinctive characteristic of high-quality research or not?
Can the truth of statements cause the truth of other statements?
Can lying be OK?
Is Platonism required to accept transfinite set theory?
How to Respond to this Argument about Faith?
Can order come from chaos?
What is the role of the a priori nature of time in intuitionism?
Difference(s) between an axiom scheme and an axiom
Any philosopher considers theology as another mythology?
Why does rationality + free will necessitate an objective morality for Kant?
The Ethics of Non-forgiving
Is this a logical fallacy?: X is good, X & Y is very bad, hence X is bad
Is being a pacifist and being a police officer a contradiction?
Nondisprovable Claims
Has, as Richard Rorty hoped, solidarity successfully replaced objective truth as the aim of cognition?
Does all matter exist forever?
Can 'the they self' help us understand Nietzsche's response to nihilism?
Will life exist forever?
Why does Philo skip Genesis 1?
Reference Request for an introduction to constructive mathematics and intuitionistic logic
How has cannabis influenced philosophy?
When do descriptions of objects qualify as "known" vs "unknown"?
Do "if everybody did it" arguments commit a fallacy?
Real World Example to break the logic of this Syllogism
Is there anything wrong with this argument against Kantian Ethics?
Stoic thoughts on sharing achievements
Origin of Proverb: "All Learning is Remembering"
Question about war
Is this a good argument against epistemic closure?
Why do we associate youth with life, and old with death?
Is there a fact of the matter? , a case [of the matter]?
existential import ,and square of opposition
What is difference between semiotics and memetics?
Is faith an epistemology?
What is the truth value of a unevaluated truth functional?
Is this Argument from analogy valid?
Axiomatic politics
Did Plato say "In order to argue, you must express your opponents argument better than they could?"
In what sense does philosophy, especially aesthetics, live on, for Adorno?
Another Schopenhauer "Fourfold Root" question
Can I predict my future by observing all humans/events
How can Hegel call philosophy a science?
Does reliabilism fall to the problem of induction?
Have more lives been sacrificed or saved by science and technology?
Difference between Husserl and Sartre on ego?
Is Satisfaction Absolute?
Zeno's “Stadium” with the same metaphysical assumptions as his other paradoxes
What can be bigger than Absolute Everything or it is the biggest concept?
How can I answer to the question: who am I?
How to study Inquiry and questions on their own?
About ideologies or movements for an unwanted werewolf, is Dualism? [Spanish accepted]
Implication of Rorty's concession to Ramberg that true statements "get things right"?
How to read Pensées by Pascal
Does an overridden duty still exist while it is overridden?
Slippery slope fallacy, clarification on its correct use
Is my argument against Descartes's "I think, therefore I am", logically sound?
Is it logically correct to say that if A implies B then not A implies not B?
Disjunction elimination proof
Which group is bigger, the one of things we can write about, or that we can feel?
How to argue for science against religion (ft. IASIP)?
Was pietism an influence upon Kant's moral thoughts?
What kind of arguments are there for the existence of the soul?
Is my critique and criticism of Descartes's "I think, therefore I am", logically valid?
What kind of arguments are there against the existence of a soul?
What is the difference between type–token, genus–species and universal–particular?
Philosophical foundations of Physics
Why do I consider logic to be so important?
Can a point divide two lines?
What are the objections to the Affinity Argument in the Phaedo?
What does Kant think about a priori concepts of causality?
What analytic philosophy books on the meaning of life are there?
Have I found a paradox, or is the universe digital? Or am I just plain wrong?
The shadow of a tree
Are statements in modal logic true or false?
Facts vs opinions
Do intentions play part in objective morality?
What are exactly intuitions in Kant's philosophy?
Is the sentence, 'God exists', a logical statement?
What are the implications of eternal life
Why do we need Aristotle's theory of predication?
Is morality context independent in Ethical Naturalism
Is everyone able to learn philosophy? If not, what kind of person is able to learn philosophy?
What are the philosophical consequences of employing computers to do science and mathematics?
What importance, if any, do infinitesimals still have for philosophers?
If we assume logic is correct, does it imply that our consciousness proccesses real information?
Is a black hole an atom (quanta)?
Is the following conditional true?
When a guru convinces hundres to castrate themselves, what form of power does the guru have over his followers?
Do all people expirence the same feeling with emotions?
How can we reach or realize the truth when our senses fail us?
Regarding Logic and Reductio Ad Absurdum
Is it logical to say the universe is omniscient/ omnipresent?
Why is Being not an entity in Heidegger's Being and Time?
Will forgiving make us weak over time? our loved ones get hurt mentally/physically? lose dignity and pride?
Why does this reductio ad absurdum work?
Is there a technical term for the belief/view that one should try to improve the world
What is the fallacy involved when exempting oneself from the burden of reasoning or proof?
Regarding Contemporary Stoicism
List of journals on Informal Logic
Non-European words for philosophy
What do Heidegger and Brandom think knowledge is?
Chomsky-- On Language and the Essential Chomsky
logical fallacy: X is not wrong, if you have done X
Frege's Argument About the Sense and Reference of a Sentence
Is the "Anomaly of Plato?" a reality?
According to Aristotle, can knowledge of geometry exist outside of particular subjects?
Water + Wheat + Salt + Baking, is necessary / sufficient for bread?
Getting started with reading papers in (philosophical) logic
What is Plantinga's "trivial property"?
How is 'metaphysics' 'theories of the connections between what we see and what we can't see' and connected with 'ladder rungs'?
How would Quine's theory of indeterminacy of translation apply to a young child learning their native language?
Can we fit non-euclidean geometry into Kant's theory?
Where does Aristotle say that it's better to know a little bit of higher things than much of lower things?
What are the triangles in Timaeus?
Cogito ergo sum and its actual meaning
Mathematics and René Descartes
if god is there why is there suffering?
Frege and Value-Range
What is covered as part of a definition?
Any fallacy in "No one else has come up with a better explanation, therefore my explanation is true"?
What are possible resolutions of the length unit paradox stemming from Zeno's Paradoxes?
Is it ever acceptable to go by the principle of "guilty until proven innocent"?
Higher-order probability
Why is invasion of privacy necessarily a bad thing?
Is it, a priori, more likely that an unknown object does not exist than that it does?
Absolute Rules in Ethics
For Husserl, how can we know things in themselves?
Appropriateness/Justification of fear
Am I a nihilist?
How do mathematical objects fit into Plato's theory of Ideas?
Are New Atheists hypocritical?
What point is Richard Dawkins trying to make here? Is it a fallacy?
Is the killing of an evil person as bad as the killing of millions, of innocents, by such an evil person?
When the Oracle called Socrates the wisest of the Greeks he at first rejected the label then accepted it. What caused Socrates to change his mind?
Ownership of the commons
Exploring potential relationships between logical behavior and moral scrutiny
What is Derrida's différance?
Sartre and metaphysical necessity
Kant's Transcendental Apperception and al-`Ilm al-Huduri
What is the difference between concepts of number and natural number?
Has any philosopher ever claimed that possibility can't really be tensed?
What are the premises for "On Induction" (Russell)?
Are drugs and addiction in general bad, a priori?
The clay theory of the universe
From where does sensing take place during dreams?
Are "if smoke then fire" arguments deductive or inductive?
What can be considered as scientific thinking ?
Positivist philosophy
Truth that requires two possible worlds not causally linked
Trolley problem and utilitarianism: which philosophy is which?
Jean-Paul Sartre on Che Guevara
References on the analysis of tensed statements
What is Nietzsche's source of immediate knowledge in Beyond Good and Evil?
Inductive approach and descriptive research
Name of style of argumentation through questions?
Is good the absence of evil or is it the other way round?
Unexplained paradox
Is the phrase "trust but verify" self-contradictory?
What are the correct terms for a concept and the real thing it represents?
eleemosynary duties
Aren't Determinism and Free Will indiscernible from the mortal perspective?
Are statements of the form "I claim that X" always true?
Xunzi - If inborn human tendencies are evil, how are we supposed to rectify ourselves?
Did Descartes really doubt the existence of God?
Can every assumption be stated mathematically?
What would be gained philosophically if logicism succeeds?
Reverse Conclusion of Hypothetical Syllogism
Is there a difference between the properties that a concept has and the properties a real object has?
What makes the artificial in AI?
Has any philosopher ever argued succesfully that anything at all does not exist?
Is reality founded on nonsense?
Literature for Analytic philosophy
The existence of God and imperfections
Are there any aspects of science which do not change over time?
Are there any philosophies that view the whole of everything as evil?
Does this make sense? Is it a contradiction? If a triangle has 2 sides, then it wouldn't be a triangle
Which discredited philosophy is referred to in The Machine Stops, which says that the imponderable bloom is essence of intercourse?
How much acceptable is the idea that humans dominate other species on earth?
Does Aquinas believe the first principle of human action is self-love as friendship or as concupiscence?
Which Philosopher said one was obligated to improve all that one could influence?
Can something be rational but not logical?
Has pragmatism really been motivated to move away from necessity? Has it succeeded?
Questions on Peter Hallward's introduction to Alain Badiou's Ethics?
How does one distingusih Consiouness form its so-called objects
Do mathematical entities transcend duality and cause/effect?
What is the difference between "Continental liberalism", "English liberalism", and "Old Whiggism"?
Kant's "Perpetual Peace" and separation of powers
In basic logic, if an argument contains a self-contradictory premise, how come the argument is valid?
Does the existence of moral truth imply its objectivity?
Celibate Philosophers?
Did Aristotle say "The more you know..."
Is Kant's ethical theory adequate to the complexities of universalisation?
How does Karl Jaspers's term 'metaphysical guilt' relate to 'metaphysics'?
What is existence and how far does it extend?
Can being Violent in speech be considered as violence?
Where does Aristotle mention inequality and his solution to this?
Is it philosophically tenable to refuse a universal moral system?
What is the difference between science and mathematics?
Counterexamples to Occam's Razor and tautology
Is it immoral/ethically wrong to torture an AI that thinks it's human?
Do Non Vegetarians not have rights to mourn morally if their beloved ones are killed?
According to Kant, Is it ethical to prevent someone acting unethically against ones self?
Would it be amoral to kill someone who you know wishes to kill you?
How to define identity of intension?
Are pollution and GMO "natural" and therefore good?
What is meant by "agnostic to a lesser degree"?
How did Dewey envisage participatory democracy?
Methods for testing the posibility of some action?
Further reading on a unique aspect of scientific paradigms
Does fictional discourse pose special difficulties for logic?
What is a phenomenon?
What is an art? When an act becomes an art? what is it's length & breadth?
What defines "lack of evidence" and is it irrational to believe in something without evidence?
Philosophy book indications for beginners
What does epistemological phenomenon mean by?
Why substitutivity doesn't work in an intensional context?
The sea battle paradox and the soundness criterion
Is it possible to program free will?
How would a better nihilist respond to pity from another?
The converse to the C modal logic axiom - has it been studied?
Does defining nothing make it something?
What is the stoic response to something like the events in Las Vegas?
Does extreme nihilism endorse suicidal behavior?
In predicate logic, do we necessarily have to restrict the domain of discourse?
Can you apply Stoic Philosophy to a Business Goal?
Which philosophy views "value" as the god?
Has any philosopher stated that time and space begin in the present moment, and then become the fixed state we observe in the past?
Is it true that politicizing mass shootings = appeal to emotion?
I'm interested in Kierkegaard, what should I read prior to his works?
Did Kant believe that all the planets in the solar system are inhabited?
Some questions on Graham Priest's remarks about Russell's solution of paradoxes
What are the authoritative books advocating restrictions on Freedom of Speech?
Does ontological claim not have its separate existence?
What is the philosophical notion of "intelligibility"?
Have we philosophically found a theory to end the human suffering?
What is the meaning of the quote from Anaxogoras? “even those who have occasion for a lamp supply it with oil.”
Does the supposed status of the working class as "universal class" have any bearing on philosophical aesthetics or ethics?
A fallacious argument by the consequentialist, true or false?
What the main reason for Bertrand Russell's skepticism and rejection of modal logic?
Is there a difference between ideology and religion, and if not, what does secularism achieve?
Is the scientific method ideological?
Is there a name for the ethical and unethical response that arises from the juxtaposition of "wealth" and poverty?
Can p and q in modus tollens be stated negatively?
Semantic Values of Sentences
Are atheists forced to believe that their imagination is "omnipotent"?
Was Communism meant to be a telos, for Marx, or for Lenin etc.?
Conspiracy Theory Fallacy?
How is it that humans can contemplate individual liberty for some while at the same time accept the idea of owning and selling fellow humans?
Why is a position without a reason invalid?
If I say that a stereotype conditions people to act in a certain way, isn't that an stereotype in itself?
In Plato's Symposium, what are the similarities and differences between Phaedrus's speech and Socrates's/Diotima's?
Why do otherwise smart people commit obvious fallacies?
The moral Vs the ethical
Is every fallacy non-sequitur?
Are valid arguments content blind?
What is put on what (the mayo or the eggs) and why?
Quine on Necessity
What's the difference between deflationism and correspondence theories of truth?
Does saying of something that it is 'true' really not add anything to statements as deflationary theorists say?
How do we account under natural law for humans' ability to produce arbitrarily-improbable results?
Adorno and identity politics
What important contemporary philosophers are engaged in a critique of technology, and how?
Are there actually any good arguments for neoplatonist privation?
Locke's labor theory of property and population growth
Would an universal basic income eliminate exploitation (a la Marx) in capitalism?
A Version of the Liar Paradox in Russell's paper "On the Nature of Knowledge"
How ethical is it for program not to pursue its purpose?
Philosophical Writing at a Graduate level
Who was the Philosopher who said to jump into the fire if you think it is not real?
Alternate form of "all x are y"
Is it OK to be indifferent or inactive when another is being harmed?
Is metaphysics dead after the emergence of modern science?
Is there a connection between Heidegger's "anxiety" and Horkheimer's "subjective reason"?
Classifications of life purposes
Why are we so concerned with the source of creation?
What properties constitute the definition of a thing?
Does the ethics of a society determine whether or not something is ethical?
Why do we see art and science as two separate disciplines?
What is loose philosophy and what is dense philosophy. What is the difference?
What kind of logical fallacy is this?
Is the primary aim of science predicting outcomes of experiments or understanding the nature of our world?
Why do some consider it irrational to pray?
What is the difference between a logical truth and a tautology?
What does quantum physics say about B theory of time?
Prove whether statement is true or false
Does a definition have a truth value?
Philosophers that would be of particular interest to engineers/designers?
Kant's Ethics: Inclination mutually exclusive to acting from duty?
Is it morally permissible to jump the queue? Can we prove that it's morally permissible?
What is the difference between judgment and concept in Frege?
How does Hegel overcome determinism without noumena?
Techniques of overcoming ennui (boredom)
Why was Aristotle not a Hedonist? (Nicomachean Ethics)
In the Bhagavadgītā, what are some objections to its proposed solutions to the paradox of action?
Is the business of science to construct models of objects and processes?
What was Plato's argument that the good is not pleasure?
Anyone know movies with references to Plato?
Kripke's Puzzle Confusion
Was Aquinas a foundationalist?
What are some arguments for why lives are valuable?
Question about validity of Modus Tollens vs. Denying the Antecedent
Is syllogism an inference rule?
Is reduction to the absurdum to be considered a syllogism?
What does Hume mean by "genius"?
Can one person value two other persons equally?
From which work of Jean-Paul Sartre did he write “Freedom is what we do with what is done to us.”?
Why does anything happen?
Are most philosophers atheists, monotheists, polytheists or what?
What would happen to the soul as the form of the body under massive changes to the body?
Why can't uniformity of nature (in principle) be proven deductively?
Need help to understand Kierkegaard's "An Ecstatic Discourse"
Create a statement in propositional logic. This statment must have 2 attributes. (The attributes are specified in the top header)
What makes our words different than symbols like X?
If it is not all wrong, then I have a problem in line 25. Can anybody help, please?
Who (name of the science) researches meaning communicated through arts?
Knowing whether a discipline is science or philosophy
Why must extrinsic value exist?
What is a rough synonym for agnostic?
The hanging judge
In propositional logic, why can a FALSE antecedent of conditional be simplified to TRUE?
fallacious proof
Who were the late renaissance/early enlightenment atheists?
Was Popper against historicism?
A question on Bataille's belief
Philosophy as recreation?
How do you classify a statement that is not entirely true and not entirely false?
Classifications for philosophy that are "detached from reality"?
Is the progress from philosophy to science reasonable?
Using deductive logic
Quantificational vs Referential vs Predicational descriptions
Prove (¬P ∨ Q) ↔ (P → Q)
Is it ethical to flee after accidentally killing someone?
Moral Objectivism or Moral Relativism: which is true?
"Tell me what you know"
Introduction to science philosophy
In what ways are Kierkegaard and Hegel similar?
Can be scientific proposition’s truth value conditional to philosophical proposition’s truth value?
Problem with propositions about future
Are selflessness and selfishness mutually exclusive?
Is "You are an X, therefore you should know Y" a logical fallacy ?
Declining Choice
Scenario in which society is better off by someone breaking a rule?
What is the ethical justification of animal rights?
Luck of certainty
Why did Socrates not believe in democracy?
History repeats itself
Philosophy and Reading: Towards Math, and Physics
Does Nagarjuna's MMK offer any interesting arguments against the existence of a God?
Operational Definition: 'Intelligence is the property measured by IQ.'
According to St. Thomas Aquinas, do "being" (ens) and "truth" (verum) differ?
Why didn't Newton pursue philosophy?
Why do scholars not consider Avicenna's "proof of the truthful" to be the first ontological argument?
Inconceivable objects. What can make them become conceivable?
Russell on Negative Facts
Is a statement with an undefined term a statement?
Does pain tend to be more differentiated than pleasure?
What does it mean when something is called "fundamental"?
The nature of time in a single-particle Universe
What is the meaning of an explanation
Why would a God create animals that manifest homosexual behavior if he thought that homosexuality is a sin?
What's the name of the fallacy when you use a worst situation to ignore the current?
Why are abortions considered a "right", rather than a privilege?
What are counters of the anthropic principle
Can we have moral knowledge without intuition?
What is the opposite of me (i.e., my consciousness)?
The perverted faculty argument
Is this an example of the fallacy of affirming the consequent?
It is posible a Resourced Based Economy?
Fallacy of denying the antecedent
If a person makes himself a clone, would they begin to question whether they existed before that moment?
When do opinions become objective?
Can one appreciate all people without discrimination at all?
Is our civilization based on a illusion?
Question on instantiation
Necessary or Sufficient
Semantics - If a being does not have its definition
Can societal morals develop with no concept of religion?
Why did Gödel believe that there was a conspiracy to suppress Leibniz's works?
What is "ownership"?
Is there a philosophical basis for the conflation of the cultural left and the economic/fiscal left?
Fallacy of irrelevant criteria?
How can affect be presubjective?
What are some discussions on the state of prison rehabilitation in the UK and globally?
What was Nietzsche's Position on Darwin and his theory of Evolution by Natural Selection?
Is nothing a theoretical possibility unless it actually happens?
What is it called when the parts can only be understood in relation to the whole, and the whole only in relation to the parts?
Seeking a passage of Aristotle on contradiciton
Can belief in reincarnation be justified using empirical evidence?
Is this a valid argument (using probability and uncertainties)?
Does this moment 'now' has a time lap or not? If so how big is it?
Paradox of motion in the emptiness
If God knows what you are thinking at all times, why pray?
What are the similarities/differences between how Kant thinks 'noumenon' limits understanding compared to C.S. Peirce?
Is this a contradiction in system K?
What's an intuitive way of thinking about type versus token identity?
How do you define Truth?
How does Rawls defend himself from skepticism?
Hiddenness of God
Is there an online English translation of Cicero's Phaenomena Aratea?
Is this example fine to use against pro-gun owners?
philosophy of travel
Why does science carry so much weight in philosophy when it is highly fallacious?
Quantified Logic and Unquantified Modal Logic
How popular are anti-mimetic theories of literature, and with whom?
What are the ethical ramifications of Revenge?
Philosophy of AI - Consciousness and Free Will
Anaesthesia and an Immaterial Soul -- Edit Anaesthesia and Awareness
Has anyone compared the senses of "para" at depth?
Different theistic religions contradict each other
Per speculative realism, how are memes like other objects?
Are there probability distributions that are analytically derived?
When should a human be declared dead?
Are more parsimonious theories harder to falsify?
Truth Claims - Free Will - Determinism
Cogito ergo sum
What does Kierkegaard mean by recollection, repetition and remembrance?
Basic understanding of hylomorphism
Kant -- What does it mean to treat someone merely as a means?
Is eternalism notion of time consistent with quantum mechanics (all of its interpretations)?
What's the role of "idealistic" philosophies of well-regarded scientists?
Motivations for Mathematical Platonism
What is the role of the transcendental unity of apperception for the possibility of the perception of objects according to Kant?
Lying to the dying - are Kant and utilitarians bound to disagree?
Can God not be proved by any means presuming, If It exists it must be immanent?
Are gods also bound to the laws of physics?
List of Logic Symbols
Why isn't humanistic logic taught in schools any more?
Why can't I doubt that I am doubting?
What's the difference between modern science and XVI century knowledge?
Am I morally obligated to campaign for a cause I believe in?
Moral Theory Argument
Why are these premises on vegetarianism "intuitive"?
Propositional Proofs
Can a problem be solved if there exists no solution for it in any context?
How Relativistic is Social Constructivism?
Can we establish the truth by eliminating the impossible
Hume on matter of fact
Utilitarianism or Kantianism
What is necessity in modal logic?
How do I find a philosophy to define my current beliefs?
Has anyone done any good work on tensed expressions and how they combine?
Can anyone assist me with Toulmin's model of argumentation in Philosophy?
What perceptual error is this?
What is your view of Stoicism as a philosophy for present day living?
Are all logically necessary statements self identity claims?
What is the difference between “to exist” vs “to be real”?
Arguments in scientific discussion and questioning administration on decision making
How would a Utilitarian and a Kantian solve this thought experiment?
The difference between poetry and philosophy, and whether a quote can describe a philosophy
Philosophy of “bias” – Moral Behaviour or Rational Behaviour
Contemporary objections to "human nature"
The non-existence of Gettier problems in Indo-Tibetan epistemology
How do you translate If Michael is incorrect then the Washington Monument is made of granite in predicate logic?
Is it impossible to KNOW how our apparent reality came to be through philosophical or scientific argumentation?
Which philosopher maintained that virtue ethics, deontology and consequentialism can be reduced to each other?
Predicate logic proofs - how to split a disjunction bound by two quantifiers
Referring to a subject
The need to delude yourself explained by philosophers
Do any contemporary philosophers say "physical" space is ideal, just not the rest of it? Is it possible to?
Comparison of unlike things - Being Logical
Is my personal identity physical?
Why isn't 4 a theorem of K? and Can I use Show boxes in modal logic?
Do entire civilizations always end in destruction?
Why is morality often defined in terms of humans?
How can Science, Religion, Theoretical Philosophy, and Spirituality be compatible / not cause conflict with each other?
How can one use a phenomenon in science to calculate anything?
Dictionary English - logic/formal symbols/expresssions
Can other "sciences" be applications of mathematics?
Is this a category mistake?
Does Bitcoin disprove solipsism?
The Money Force
Does Sokal & Bricmont's book offer proof of the vacuity of Post-Modernism? Can any schools of Philosophy be proven to be pure Sophistry?
Reductionism as explanation of facts
How does an object exist fundamentally?
Consiousness and existence
Fallacies Matched to Cognitive Biases
A logical argument for the existence of a creator
The difference between indicative conditional and counterfactual
How to formally establish the argument whether programming could be a new form of literacy or not?
Stoicism: How can you be calm and uncaring and rush to do your best at the same time?
“Without the assumption of the existence of uniformities there can be no knowledge.”
Are all Informal Logic really just Formal Logic in disguise?
Name of this argumentation
What Ethical Responsibilities Could the Creator of an Artificial Consciousness be Held To?
What are the different types of uniformities in subjects?
Arguments in favor of Eternal Return?
Would Popper's philosophy become pragmatist without the idea of getting closer to "The Truth"?
How is intelligent design different from (say) archeology?
Logic and reason is circular reasoning..?
What is the nature of our reality?
Is this "If nobody did it" a fallacy?
A question about Empiricism
What are the theoretical limits of self-awareness?
Conditional Arguments
If existence cannot be proven
Can descriptive accounts of distant past or future be falsified?
Is getting 100 Heads in a row from a fair coin a miracle or not?
Can we see an actual object?
Has epistemology of science got any sense after pragmatism?
Is it moral to act kindly?
When were the works of Confucius first translated to the West?
Has any philosopher ever claimed that doing "good" things is not good?
Who did Schopenhauer have in mind when he wrote about "bad writers"?
Is coherence a fact or value, a la Hillary Putnam?
Was Mohammed a philosopher?
How "concrete" is mathematics, even when it's formal, rather than natural science?
Undefined terms
Proof that the rules of logic are true
How to valuate (assign truth values to) a formula in modal logic (Kripke model)
How does majority opinion entail individual error in Rousseau's Social Contract?
What is more objectionable morally, jealousy or envy?
Is there an explanation of how logic works?
Origin of "Everything lasts forever" argument?
Is it possible to stay completely unbiased? What is a good balance between the pursuit of truth and stay happy?
Where in the evolutionary chain did morality start to evolve?
Humanism and Its Aspirations (Humanist Manifesto III): Individual or collective "life fulfillment?"
In Madness and Civilization does Foucault say / imply that no-one loves a mad person?
Is a theist obliged to believe that at least half of the world is the work of God?
Who is a philosopher: as in what attributes does it take to become an academic philosopher?
Why that cave dweller is called a misogynist?
Is fire a living thing?
Why do contradictions imply anything?
Can we see actual light (electromagnetic radiation)?
Many-worlds Interpretation defeats the Doomsday argument?
introduction to modal logic
Is there a logical symbol for "why"?
Mathematical Logic by Elliott Mendelson
Is there a term for the position "no determinism but no free will"?
Which form of human nature, Renxing, do you think is more logical?
In what ways was Maimonides an influence on Spinoza?
A good explanation for why failing Kant's categorical imperative = morally wrong action?
Can they have self-awareness? and think about the death?
Will computers ever have consciousness?
What is the ontology of points?
circularity of possibility defined over possible worlds
What is the basis of the belief that institutions should pursue only their own goals and disregard moral aspects of their actions' wider consequences?
Debunking Anselm Ontological Argument
What are some examples of categorical imperatives/universalizable maxims relevant to modern ethics?
Remind you of anybody?
Is there anything to call "the idea or concept of God"?
Is the statement "I exist" an example of an analaytic a posteriori statement?
Book to start studying ethics and Socrates especially
Philosophical Perspectives on the Response to Landscapes
Evidence Against Dualism from Neuroscience
If mathematical platonism is true, is mathematics then a discovery?
Dichotomy problem: limits of binary systems
Memory and self
What is an appropriate way to solve a Mill's method table, if it exists?
Is it certain that aliens exist in an infinite universe?
If all of us are going to die one day why should we care about the feelings and emotions of others?
In bioethics, are the harms that arise secondary to the failure to treat a violation of the Principle of Non-Maleficence?
Help to explain the meaning of work beyond the sole purpose of making money
Delayed perception
What is the basis of promoting gender equality across occupations?
Reduced model of society
can we reason about logic?
Many-worlds defeats Doomsday argument (improved version)?
Is there a cite for this attribution by Deleuze to Marx
Can fitting to a definition be considered to be a fact?
Quantificational Logic Question (Determining Truth-Values)
Apart from clarification, what are some uses of formal logic in philosophy?
Does transposition of the premises preserve validity in categorical syllogisms?
Bayesian Confirmation / Justification
Considering time and space as theory-free concepts
What exactly is the CTMU?
Will reading Dostoevsky debilitate the mind?
Does there exist a thing in the physical world of which it is the only member of that category
Was Aristotle the earliest Founder of Deism?
What is the Good in Aristotle’s Ethics and how does it differ from Plato’s?
Do Hume’s Problem and Zeno’s Arrow Paradox have the same solution?
Linguistic philosophical distinction between 'believe in' & 'believe that'
How many valid categorical syllogisms are there?
Who can decide what fields are legitimate study fields?
According to Aristotle, does an uncontrolled person act voluntarily or counter-voluntarily?
Historical Accuracy of Foucalt's works
Do α and β entail each other?
If suicide involves taking one's own life, and killing someone is robbing someone of their life, what is the difference between homicide and suicide?
According to Hegel, can the master misrecognise himself as the slave?
What are some cases that involve moral themes?
Shouldn't Last Thurdayism be able to be proved wrong by Physics?
Can 2 logical deductions starting from 2 different and independent sets of assumptions lead to 2 contradictory conclusions?
What are the differences between facts and things?
Socrates condemnation,King, unknown name
Probabilistic(random) within a bound deterministic region?
Ontic vs. Ontological
Does it make sense to define a computer as a symbol-manipulating device?
What ideas from Ancient Greece influenced enlightenment philosophers?
What's "future research" and how can they know anything about the future?
What makes a basic belief a properly basic belief?
Is saying "There would be no rich without the poor" a false dichotomy?
Did Nietzsche actually say or write, "Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed."
Ethics Test Question
Can shared-subjective knowledge be part of science?
Why can social sciences apply hard science concepts to other things than what they apply to?
Truth and Silence---Which and when is one more justified than the other
Is there any "uniformity" in the arts?
What is the origin of the symbols for the four elements used in alchemy?
Why can one not have a “fully temporally determinate universe” at the very beginning of the universe
Logical fallacy: when you know the outcome, so you cannot see any other possible ex ante prediction
Logical equivalence
How can I explain the distribution of an O proposition's predicate?
In fitch, S → (R ∨ P), P → (¬R → Q) ∴ S → (Q ∨ R)
Is there any evidence for 'identity epistomology'?
How does Badiou analyze natural situations?
What is the purpose of consciousness?
why didn't Void remain as Void forever?
What model of self-deception was Ayn Rand using in Atlas Shrugged?
Will uncertainty always have one exception?
Will Artificial Intelligence eventually be capable of feeling emotion?
Is uniformity in knowledge a phenomenon or a concept?
Is telling children Santa is real and other similar stories ethical? If so, why?
To whom are people talking when they talk to (in) themselves?
How applicable is the problem with induction to real life?
Losing faith in God during personal loss---Is it bad philosophy?
Do we need principles about every ethical decision / dilemma we have?
Is there a deduction analog to the problem of induction?
In possible-world semantics, what do nested modal quantifiers mean?
Debunking the "quantum mind" hypothesis
Does anyone know of a philosophy which rectifies or considers the following question?
Why do we feel sad when feeling sad is bad?
When is something necessary, according to Hume?
According to utilitarianism, do temporary conditions affect utility?
Is there a unison in the interpretation of primary emotions?
How can political philosophy and moral philosophy differ in the context of moral limits on the market?
Is knowledge in the arts based on abductive reasoning?
Criticisim of Hilbertian Formalism
Is computationalism really a theory, or is it more like a doctrine or creed?
Does fear of cameras imply guilty mind?
Can an opinion without experience have as much merit as one with experience?
Hume: "We learn to be who we are"
Is Euclid's syllogistic approach to proving mathematical theorems logically insufficient?
Expectation and Comparison-Not in scientific pursuit but in pursuit of good life
Is Russel's Teapot an allegory?
From a functionalist point of view: when is an algorithm an A.I., and when is it just software?
Nietzsche's birth of tragedy
why is it impossible to predict or foresee the future but if can what is the closest method to do so
Are there degrees of truth ?
Some similarity of Leibniz and Anaxagoras
What is the difference (if any) between the concepts of natural numbers and finite cardinals?
What is the name of the belief that acting ("the Will") is better than thinking?
Continuum Fallacy with regards to arbitrary categories
Natural deduction introduction and elimination rules for modal quantifiers
What will the result most likely be?
How did Wittgenstein reject the Cogito or Cartesian dualism? Can I get the specific sources?
What are the main concrete conceptualisations of social/societal good and a good society?
What is the philosophical significance of the First Law of Thermodynamics?
The Chinese room ain't no computer – but does it matter?
Origins of the reflection of knowledge, lately known as Epistemology
Is there any openly pro-mortalist philosopher?
Examples of first and second order intentional systems
is this universe flat world?
What drives religious belief?
Can a complete opposite even exist?
Do relationships rebut the Chinese room argument?
How was Edmund Husserl viewed among the mathematical community in the late 19th/early 20th centuries?
What are the best arguments against actual infinity?
How does the idea of “biological imperative” relate to species and members of species?
What are 'First Principles'?
What's the problem with the gender gap?
What did Wittgenstein mean by 'trivialities'?
Is "Intolerance of intolerance" equivalent to the Liar's Paradox?
Is existence restricted by rendering?
Could I be said to have lied in this scenario? (question Inspired by a real incident)
Altruism as an interpretation of Plato’s Allegory of the cave
What is the difference between "singular vs individual" and "universal vs general"?
What is less than a bit?
Does adding structure make the Chinese room semantic?
What P.O.V. allows people to act toward others in ways they would not want on themselves?
Is there evidence to suggest Evolutionary Psychology is essentially Leibnitizian Optimisim?
There is consistency among whole indian philosophical schools?
What would it mean to "solve" metaphysics?
Prenex form and quantifiers (from LPL 11.37)
Philosophy of Quantum Mechanics - Argument explanation
Effect without cause
LPL ( language proof and logic) - FITCH - 14.12
Why plural quantification?
What does philospohy say about modern human mentality?
Does the Axiom of Choice violate the law of excluded middle?
Spinoza and causality
The inexplicable case of consciousness locality and continuity
What's the best way to deal with nihilism?
What was the "rigorous" definition of "number" for the Pythagoreans?
What changes if any would mean that I would cease to be me?
What does 'personal' mean?
Trueness of Knowledge and its value
Showing the mirror...Giving a dressing down...Is it really required in life?
What does Ortega y Gasset mean by "art is dehumanizing"?
Truth and Half Truth-Do both exist?
Ontology...Epistemology...and (insert here)
If God exist then why people who didn't do any crime or Sin (particularly children or new born baby) are getting deadly disease?
Have anyone found a good solution to Kant's dualistic approach to consciousness?
Schelling: from where, or how exactly does the a priori ideas come?
Why do tribe members cover their private parts
Legal vs moral laws
Is ESP, in particular telepathy, not computable?
Is an epistemological realism-idealism (at the same perspective) possible?
One big theory of Everything (TOE) or multiple "domain specific" theories?
A concept in which an infinite force is also limited
How many equivalence classes does the accessiblity relation have in S5?
Is it ethical for a country to give "refugees" free housing and benefits while many of its own citizens are homeless and starve?
Why doesn't the argument from Plato's Meno hold in practice?
What is "what is"?
What is the difference between logic and reasoning?
Philosophy of Time
Dictatorship, communism or democracy
Is Goodman's new riddle of induction a restatement of Hume's problem of induction?
How to believe physics and treat scientific knowledge?
Reasons and causes : what are the main works that discuss the distinction (if any) between them?
How does one obtain a friendship of virtue?
Negation of a E quantifier in a Modal Logic T System?
What is the difference between being good and being divine?
What are the benefits of Jean-François Lyotard's "little narratives"?
What is the name of this fallacy? (not A imples the value of B is unknown, therefore A)
Is it possible that evolution brought human kind morality?
What is the difference between Schelling and Hegel's philosophies
Question about the relationship between matter and value
Why do some philosophers write in numbered paragraphs?
Evolution - how (epistemologically) an instinctive moral is possible?
How and where did Homer state a necessity to report historical occurences "unbiased" or "while mentioning the defeated equally"?
Need help in knowing what fallacy my statement undergoes
It is often easier to fight for principles than to live up to them
Is evolutionary "morality" really the same thing as human morality?
Updating Credences in the case of prolonged lack of evidence that confirms the belief
Which languages did Søren Kierkegaard speak and which could he only write/read?
Does natural justice exist in this world?
Do physical models of physical theories give a good picture of reality?
Can one be pragmatic when dealing with ethnic groups without being racist?
Does free will exist?
What is, and isn't the appeal to emotion logical fallacy?
What branch of metaphysics studies things like "Nowhere", "Limbo", "Non-being", "Neither dead nor alive", "neither present nor absent"?
Albert Camus's quote from 'Resistance, Rebellion, and Death'
What is the name of the position that is skeptical about the existence of categories created by the mind?
In deontologism, is the enforcement of a duty a duty in and of itself?
Does the Evolution Theory contradict Kant's Metaphysics?
ethics for discriminated
Error in "Introduction to Logic" by Suppes?
Why would a person want to die?
Testing the Dream Hypothesis
Does computer science have an impact on Philosophy?
Is it possible to have a non-empirical realistic view?
Does science provide the most accurate depiction of reality for analyzing and describing an accurate worldview?
Starting on Husserl and Merleau-Ponty
philosophy of government
Questions about personal identity and materialism with QM and spacetime
a priori and a posteriori
Material for simple explanations of philosophies
Most respectable in conservatism
How to differentiate co-premises from chains of reasoning in an argument map?
Negation of a statement
Is fake news the same as propaganda?
Update-How might we perceive our relations with the environment?
How study of logic and reason is a prerequisite to study of spirituality?
Is there an ur-philosophy behind the philosophy of Pythagoras and Lao Tze Tung?
Russell's Paradox and the Law of Non-Contradiction
Name for the logical fallacy of asking for unreasonable amount of sources?
Can Human Rights = Animal Rights?
Does belief in the existence of God and the afterlife logically imply a belief in the soul?
Dasein and know thyself
An irresistible force meets an unmoveable object?
Do wholes tell us what the parts are?
Is 'collapse of the quantum state' conceptually misnamed?
Is Whiteheads 'occasions of experience' fundamentally relational?
How does one understand the second and third triad in Hegels Logic?
What is insight and can we develop it?
Is there a correct term for Not-Reality?
Doubt in Searle's Mind: A Brief Introduction
Is there an instituted method for efficiently forming judgement?
Is identity an emergent concept?
Russell and Meinong on Presentations and Representaitons
What is the relationship between Al-Ghazali's Occasionalism, Whitehead's occasions and QM?
Ethics of Bitcoin
What do we mean when we say there's only one type of logic/mathematics and that they can’t change?
Corporal Punishment
Is it ethical to try to survive on this context?
How could mathematics and logic exist without us, if they are concepts created by us independent of reality?
Does this argument by Aristotle show that identity is not fundamental?
What characteristics of humanity have philosophers labeled as the greatest obstruction to human progress?
Did any Greek or Roman philosophers say that "opposites attract"?
What does Heidegger mean by cybernetics here?
Being transcendental and contingency of constants of nature
What are some recommendations for guidebooks or companion-books to Heidegger's "Being and Time"?
How do "I" know that "I" think?
Why doesn't the Chinese room learn Chinese?
Can free-will be defined in terms of what it should give someone that they don't already have?
Strengths? 'Assisting recruitment by an employer that refuses to hire openly gay students is akin to failing a student merely for being gay.'
Weaknesses? 'teaching evolution to a class with believers in biblical inerrancy' vs. 'flunking a student as he's a fundamentalist Christian'
Which fallacy is involved in Y2K denial?
I am a physically dying human. Will I limit myself to consideration of physics or will I consider that which is extra-physical?
Which is worse, not giving our all to know what's going on or not giving our all to share or communicate that which we have learned?
Did Gödel do philosophy beyond logic?
Domain of free will in OUR physical system
What works have been done of applying theories about philosophy of mind to other branches of philosophy?
Quote from Wittgenstein
Is Philosophy the source of all other fields of study?
Can you imagine a completely different logical/mathematical system than that we have?
Why do societies sustain law of private inheritance of property?
Seeking the Source of an Aristotle quotation
Nietzsche on religion
Determinism vs Coin Flip
Do utilitarians believe that depressed people should be killed?
Logical Fallacies in Blomstrom's Wager
Is the right to an abortion the same as the right to kill human being?
Sport as a performing art on the report of aesthetic philosophy
Equal evidence for and against a belief - which to choose?
Paradox for permanent bodies?
Does Freedom of Speech Actually Exist?
By its definition, is it possible the thing-in-itself is also a phenomenon?
The Dogpile Factor (Evil acts committed by groups)
Does science forces us to embrace materialism?
Does a person own his/her body?
What is property?
Connections between concepts
What is the universal constant? Does one exist?
Aesthetics and the unbalanced psyche
Absolute Truth in Mathematics
What mean philosophy?
Multi Step Argument help!
Has Oswald Spengler ever been married or in a relationship with a woman and how did this influence his philosophical views?
Why do different people have different opinions about life?
The Origin of Thought
Are there public health issues around mental health?
philosophical quotation
Black hole information paradox implications
What does it mean a to appear in a "pantomathic" way?
Why did Nietzsche used "genealogy" of morals instead of the "origins" of morals?
Why is everyone seeking satisfaction?
When should a state have a right to prohibit abortion?
Freedom of speech
What is postanalytic philosophy?
The Law of Identity and Emptiness
why is ontological parsimony important for philosophy of mathematics
Determine if an argument is valid or invalid
Why is it assumed that love and sexual desire should have the same object?
What are the philosophical points that make bear out in the ZFC vs ZF debate?
Are there contemporary philosophers of nature that don't accept 20th century science?
causality violation
Do eyes really see?
what does Bertrand Russell mean by saying this
Distinguishing arguments from Nonarguments
Is plastic surgery cheating evolution or genetics?
Couple of questions on Bernard Bolzano's philosophy of state
Has anyone claimed that any eternal return is not for and to me, because "a perfect repletion is the same"?
Are we living in a simulation? The evidence
What does Socrates mean by "gadfly attached to the state"?
Is the value of art always contextual, or can it ever be inherent?
How do philosophers approach learning 'new' texts?
If an argument can be valid in one logical system, but invalid in another, are logical arguments "meaningful"?
What logic to study to understand and create purely logical arguments?
Why did Turing promote ESP (extra sensory perception)?
Making an argument valid? I need help
Did Socrates believe all madness to be good?
Could someone help me out with Quine's theory of ontological commitment?
Are we just a simulation
How is experience different for Locke and Hume?
Is there a name for gradual dissolution of the boundaries between two objects or identities?
Would you know if an answer is 'illogical' or just 'incomprehensible' (to you)?
Should I analyse my dataset first and formulate hypotheses later, or formulate my hypothesis first and analyse the relevant part of the dataset later?
Why can't we just say the Liar Sentence doesn't express a proposition?
Axioms in science and the scientific method
Is the way we love deterministric?
Does the Knowledge argument refute physicalism?
List of topics in philosophy relevant to mathematics, and open problems in them?
Does Hume's skepticism about induction extend to his treatise?
Knowledge argument related to fictional story
Why does all of existence take place through my subjective point of view?
Can the construct of "addiction" induce addiction or at least make it worse?
Can computers do things Turing machines can't?
What fallacy?: Saying Product X doesn't contain suspect chemical exploits people's paranoia
what is the ontology-ideology distinction in phil of math
What qualifies quantum mechanics to be scientific orthodoxy?
What do you make of this sentence?
Question about logic syntax
Power must be evil because it can corrupt people
Two questions about logic/mathematics
Are there any counterarguments to the criticism of Christianity as too local in time and space?
Does Popper's falsification view of the problem of induction have any implications for the NEW riddle of induction?
Are mathematical spaces falsiably real?
Definition of "reason"
Is instrumentalism popular in contemporary philosophy of science?
Plato, a student of Socrates and a teacher of Aristole
Can acting be considered morally as lying?
On the clarification of Russell's response to Henkin on the issue of consistency of Principia Mathematica
Self-interest leading to the public interest via the invisible hand?- Adam Smith
What editions of Schopenhauer's principal works have translated quotations?
Is topology of cultural ideas and concepts studied in modern philosophy?
Metrics of the complexity/richness of theories
Understanding Hegel on Free Will (or absence thereof)
Best translation of the Timaeus
How to prove using higher abstractions instead of diving into axioms or a little bit deeper?
Thoughts on an article by Danielle Macbeth
Which texts of Plato/Aristotle give their religious views?
What is the difference between justification, truth and belief?
Is there anything left in contemporary epistemology and science from the German Idealism?
How would a preference utilitarian decide about cheating on something or lying about something?
"God doesn't play with dice": does QM's randomness really contradict religion?
Can any piece of knowledge be produced without depending on another piece of knowledge?
What is the difference between idealism and materialism?
Is there any supporter of Michael Polanyi's criticism of scientific objectivism?
Where did Husserl say that in quantum mechanics spatial localisation is no longer a principle of individualisation?
A beyond-nature proof of God
If determinism is true, are emotions like pride, guilt, and remorse illusory?
How come nihilism is so popular today?
What are the current theories about instinct in philosophy of the mind?
Why do some physicists countenance a mind-dependent reality?
Where and why does Heidegger use the phrase "always already"?
Is there more to Whitehead’s “Age-Spirit” than metaphor?
Are exams pointless
Is AI the evolution of humanity through suicide of a species; via martyrdom?
What does Weyl mean by this remark?
Better Understanding Plantinga's Argument Against Naturalism
Why do we seek to "limit" our scope for the search after truth?
Is Schopenhauer's World Will generally the same as Schelling’s Absolute Self?
Is the philosophy of neuroscience necessarily materialistic?
Any contemporary supporter Hartmann's vitalizm?
Which philosophy claims that our moral decisions should be based upon a universal algorithm?
How do we establish whether something is possible/impossible
Extra sensory perception vs Artificial Intelligence
Why magical thinking is still present to this day?
What is the definition of God?
How can Brie Gertler's disembodiment argument account for the minds of others?
What is the philosophical use of the noosphere?
Have phenomenology influenced much of our contemporary science?
Was there an influence of Schellings Naturphilosophie on Einstein?
Burden of proof amid a temporal sequence
Why is there an asymmetry in QM?
What would Popper say about Kuhn’s notion that Normal Science is a good thing
How credible is William Lane Craig in academia?
Rigorous, modern introductions to informal reasoning and critical thinking?
Does the idea of falsification assume the existence of an objective reality?
Moral judgments: practicality and objectivity. Two incompatible features?
Which English translation of Hegel's 'Science of Logic' would you recommend?
Is the "measurement problem" really about Quantum Mechanics?
"Experimenting" and philosophizing
In a Many Worlds scenario, where everything is possible, what is the point of choice?
Teaching my son the difference between inductive and deductive reasoning
What is the purpose of a high in terms of it being created or intended by a creator
Did we developed our science theories based on our characteristics?
How does Abductive difer from Inductive Reasoning?
Evaluating One of the Premises of Evolutionary Argument Against Naturalism
Can we assume that there are infinitely many possible states of the world at time t + 1?
What is a value of guilt?
Is there something trully unpredictable?
Is assuming nothing equal to assuming something?
Do we consider theoretical physics as metaphysical theories?
Any good philosophy debate recommendations?
how a definition for an object is arrived
Why did Kant say space and time do not exist independent of us?
Is there an academic consensus in modern philosophy for how to answer moral philosophy in general, and how to deal with novel problems?
Is the many worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics philosophically untenable?
Can we doubt the existence of our thoughts and feelings? How?
The line between science and philosophy - current status
What does 'natural' have to do with ethics?
Can postmodernism conclude we should use philosophy/science only as tools to help us live better, rather than search for the nature of the universe?
Contemporary philosophy of nature?
Why were Kant's categories used in the mathematical category theory?
How does Hume justify his account of the origin of causation to a general sense?
Do materialists today consider physical forces as created from matter?
Can panpsychism be scientifically tested?
What do philosophers make of intractable metaphysical controversies?
Consciousness/soul outside the range of human capabilities of intellect? McGinn/Searle
Can a philosophy based only on "how" questions?
Is positing a multiverse to replace randomness a desperate attempt to hide agency?
A 'Different' Theory of Ethics
What is the "orthodox" post-modernism?
What are some counter examples to Kant's moral philosophy about doing the right thing?
How to understand philosophy?
If humans are an impermanent entity
Is it possible to apply a predicate to a proposition?
Absolutes within modern philosophy
How would Plato view a just soul?
Which known philosophers are firm determinists?
What is the name for X is too hard / hopeless to practically implement,. Therefore abandon X
Kant and the Categorical Imperatives
Should (/does) metaphysics care about physics?
Do theories come from observations or do they determine what is observed?
Origin of consciousness
Modern problems in philosophy?
Did Karl Marx believe there is an innate human nature and does it matter in the light of contemporary biology?
Contingent vs. Necessary Truth in Classical Philosophy
Why did Albert Camus regard both physical suicide and philosophical suicide the same in terms of inferiority?
Why do we think that our Logic is 'The' Logic?
Is it right to say that pseudoscience confirms the past?
Is there a flaw in my construction of Descartes' argument?
What is Aristotle's argument to Zeno's Achilles and the tortoise paradox?
Common argument against current level of AI
Why is Kant's Groundwork so much more popular than his other ethical works?
Would there be free will if we assume a stochastic component in the decision making?
subject-based philosophical book request
Is dominance a fundamental instinct (like mating or hunger)?
What are "generation and corruption" in Aristotle's philosophy?
Is it ethical to bot gambling sites?
Why not obvious is how accepting determinism as true can or should affect our everyday conception of free will?
'reason for speculative purposes finds the road of natural necessity [...], yet for practical purposes'
How can a Gestapo officer 'have a meaningful but immoral life'?
Can you imagine the illogical?
what are your views on Yoruga and Marimba Ani's critique of European philosophy?
Does current metaphysics answer Jacobi's critique of foundationalism?
Recognition of Moral Lying
The subtle difference between interaction and causal effect (law of cause and effect)
Is there teleology in (modern) science?
Explaining internal and external aspects of an ethical issue
What is scientific mind?
Why is scientism philosophically wrong?
What does Husserl say about 'space'?
People with scientific mind
In what ways were the philosophies of William James and Kierkegaard similar?
Do biological studies on intuition reject the idea of "intellectual intuition"?
Does the "God of gaps" argument works in metaphysics too?
Practical ethics: Uploading a soft-paywalled paper?
If the premises of an argument CANNOT all be true, then said argument is valid
Can a living being claim themselves as a sovereign nation?
FOL and Tarski's world logic connectives question
Any people except Wittgenstein, who have written about the misuse of language?
Ethical Issues with Cryptocurrencies?
is the world a set of everything that exists? Any quotation?
Can we do anything we want in philosophy?
Digital Minds and their perception
Arguments for the existence of infinity
What makes possible for people to make claims to knowledge or make claims based on beliefs?
Does Parmenides argue against the void?
How to reconcile Plato's Form when dealing with beauty, or at all?
Would it be ethical to take an open source database and put a new name on it?
Is it (not) possible to know causality from empirical knowledge?
What's wrong with meritocracy?
How is Philosophy related to Science?
Is epistemological potential relational?
Philiosophies similar or close to Kantianism viewpoint
What is vague about the definition of the scientific method?
Was Kant a factor in forming Gauss's abstract view of mathematical objects?
Historically speaking, what have been considered "reliable" sources of knowledge in Eastern philosophy and Western philosophy?
Is extra-sensory perception considered a valid source of knowledge in any Western branch of philosophy?
Thought as a physical process
Should gender be revealed early?
Sentential logic derivation: ~(A ≡ B) ├ (~A ≡ B)
Philosophy of Jigsaw
I wanna start - how to be a philosopher?
The flaw of disproving the extreme by citing the norm
Question about absoluteness
Is it 'natural' to hold that big sets and proper classes exist?
How to prove the tautology ¬(P↔¬P) using Fitch?
Does anyone say that mind/brain type identity theory is just vacuous without scientific evidence that some part brain state is always the exact same?
Is it possible to know infinitely many propositions?
What does Frege mean by "Cognitive Significance" in "On Sense and Nominatum"?
On the explanation of facts
Epistemic Parity
Why forgive philosophers for bad writing skills?
Should viable philosophical theories not always be consistent with science?
Concerning the definition of "valid"
Why is Altruism the default standard of moral and ethical philosophy?
Logic. Having problems with interpretations
Is change the only thing constant?
Difference between logic and mathematics
What does Foucault mean by "regime of truth" and "discursive formation"?
Is time an absolute physical quantity?
Did Plato notice that there could be an arbitrary number of nested caves?
Why did Descartes believe the physical world was determined?
Do we believe what is true, oppose to, for example, what is good for us?
Questions about Frank Tipler's Omega Point theory?
Eternity of the world in Greek philosophy
Can a philosophical question be ultimately rendered "non-question"?
Does postmodernism entail nihilism?
If morality comes from our body, why does it contradict it?
Questions on non-ontology
Where is the border between philosophy and mathematics?
The possibility of linking two perceptual modalities in a coherent way
On the nature of reality
Are fate and the power to choose two separate dimensions?
How is that any non-causal explanation of reliability is incompatible with the language- and mind-independence of mathematical objects
Why do we want to achieve Unified Theory of Everything?
Warren's distinction between moral humanity and genetic humanity
What is common between the rationalists and empiricists?
Do any moral realists say that subjective judgments also have moral truth?
Are there any limits to a priori research except imagination?
What does this statement imply? (formal logic)
What are numbers?what are they, really —
Which philosophers have touched on whether or not something is moral if it is commanded by a deity?
Can the idea of "imperfect" categorical imperatives be used without 'duty'?
Faith versus Reason
Is "micro" more specific than "small"?
On what basis do we assume that people are similar?
How do we know that a photon has some physical form before we observe it?
How does something become established in the world view of some particularly culture or group?
Has the interest in philosophy really declined in recent years?
Frequentist notion of probability
Kant's argument for experience of outer things
Is wisdom always appropriate?
Is it true that there is no "long-run relative frequency" for a theory being true?
Can Hegel's dialectical history be interpreted as a way to look positively at life?
Predicate logic - Symbolizing sentence
What would the world look like if we lived for several hundred years?
How to handle reading longer texts?
Is faith necessary for man to survive / why is existentialism valued if it is unsubstantiated?
Can physics talk about non-physical entities/concepts, and if not which academic department does?
Aquinas on the role of consciousness in women
Does physicalism imply everything can be defined?
Why are imperatives not propositions according to Frege?
Is immorality just irrationality?
Language and consciousness
Foucault and Derrida on spiritual liberation
The exaggeration of the role of observer in quantum mechanics
Has any philosopher argued our concepts resemble reality along this line?
Is the Universe real or complex?
Refuting nihilism - why pursue happiness if it can be stripped from us by accidental events at any time?
Any great commentary of "On Sense and Nominatum" by Frege?
Innocent until proven guilty - why?
why Bertrand Russell's paradox had such a high impact and relevance?
Rejecting by appealing to non-existence something else
Would there be any point in mind-uploading?
What evidence is there for Nietzsche's division of people into higher and lower types?
What happens to consciousness after death?
Is there any use for non-predictive method?
Basic question regarding the "Liar Paradox"
Isn't Mind–body dualism the result of a Complex Universe?
That is the truth because I say so
What would it mean for morality not to be a consequence of rationality?
Are axioms assumptions and should they be minimized?
Is there any proof of existence of any higher being who created us?
Similarities between Jordan Peterson's 12 Rules for Life and Stoicism
Why do certain combinations of words that refer to nothing (such as "square circle") sound like they refer to something?
Why is the complex number an integral part of physical reality?
Nietzsche on European Buddhism
How does Stoicism deal with human interdependence?
Machines vs Chaos of Human Language
Are nations immoral?
Is philosophy constrained by a philosopher's language?
why did Kant say the only truly “good” thing in this world “without exception” is a “good will”?
The mathematical language of the brain
What is the relationship between distributive justice and equity?
"Fatalism and Professor Taylor" by Bruce Aune
eternal matter- does this syllogism prove it?
Information paradox: the more we know, the less confident we are
Which (European) Language(s) are recommended to learn for philosophy?
Imagine that you look at yourself as a cat, what do you think of your own behavior?
The Orphic Socrates
Question on the subject-proper of logic
If vast swathes of philosophy are entirely subjective, why do we care about them?
How to construct a proposition about God (which is not a thing, nor a non-thing)?
Is Idealism incoherent as incapable of explaining activities without entities
What were Kierkegaard's views of virginity?
Laissez-faire capitalism does not work ... so why do some "philosophers" ascribe to it
How did Democritus come to atomic conclusion?
Meno's paradox of knowledge - how is knowledge possible?
William James on mathematical conceptions not related to perceptions?
Plato's Meno - the other paradox?
Formal versus Objective Reality in Descartes
Have philosophers explored the ideas of accuracy and precision when considering the truth of a statement?
How can the finite contain the infinite?
Schrödinger: order and perception
Support for "Sleepless nights due to unaccomplished goals"
How would the Sophists challenge Socrates' solution to the problem of justification?
A priori and a posteriori within an axiomatic framework?
Nozick's truth tracking theory?
In what sense can moral propositions be objective?
What philosophical books criticizing secular morality are available?
What is the intended use of "the" in the definition of science (Oxford)?
Continuity of our consciousness beyond physical life
Does peace allow for ignorance or does it require communication?
What is the definition of physical? Is that definition clear enough to make the a distinction between physical and non-physical?
What is the meaning of these criticisms of Aristotelian logic?
Which philosophy should I follow as an Atheist?
Contradictions with Physical Needs within Plato's Tripartite Theory of the Soul? (Reason Rules?)
To what extent can reality be described as 'culturally constructed'?
When does metaphysics stop being speculation?
Is mental "substance" quantifiable?
Is a vehicle that's confined to one place still a vehicle?
How can studying mathematics give a better understanding of philosophy?
Is it human nature to feel existential anguish?
Is it necessary to read philosophical texts in order?
Who else has explored the ‘cad problem’?
How important are Frege works to an analytic philosopher?
What is the nature of moral intuition according to Haidt?
Help me understand Earman and Salmon's pragmatic vindication
Deontology ethics versus Consequentialism Ethics?
Ethics of killing for self-preservation
What is the difference between knowledge and know how?
Is it my right to choose to violate the law?
What would we ask Aristotle?
Does being humane imply being human?
Can a uxoricide be a widower too?
How do I interpret "All A are only B"? (Categorical logic)
Is atheism just another form of dogma?
Would Robin Hood be ethical in Kantian ethics?
How to judge somebody when the Poe's Law apply?
What did the Greeks call the "trial and error" reasoning process?
How did Wordsworth's poetry cure J.S. Mill (medical?) depression?
Why did ancient Greeks think of "heart as seat of soul"?
Why do people consider immediate pleasure irrational?
Does Frankfurt dissociate free will and moral responsibility?
What are Epicurean Virtues?
Why should there be nothing rather than something?
Is singling out an individual or single culture/nation etc, a fallacy?
Have any philosophers put forth phenomenological arguments for immortality besides Husserl?
Book or article recommendation about causality and counterfactuals
Relation between essentialism and realism
Slight alternative to consequentialism
Did “Ostrich Nominalism” occur late in history?
What translation of Lysistrata to read?
Which works of Plato and Aristotle (Ancient Greek if there is more worth it) should I read to get a context to study Continental Rationalism?
Why bother being good?
A Metaphysical Question: A Real or Nonexistent Line?
Is it possible that technological progress actually degraded humanity?
Are principles a good thing?
What school of thought believes that gods do exist, but they are perfect and do not care about humans?
Is philosophy computation?
1967: Philosophy
Does the propensity interpretation of probability rely on the principle of indifference?
How does how we think about distance between 2 points change if we change our center from origin to a point at infinity?
Husserl's Cartesian Mediations
Nietzsche: Does visual art reaffirm life?
is there an any practical application of dialectical materialism?
Why is 2 considered a prime number?
Isn't 2 a vacuously prime number?
Why do people turn to atheism when they try to escape dogmas?
What is the term for the fallacy/strategy of ignoring logical reasoning intended to disprove a belief?
Why do some people care so much about "empirical truth"?
What are the limits of natural selection?
Why is 1 considered an odd number?
As adjectives: 'analytic' vs 'descriptive'
Which of these 4 conditional statements are the ones using "at least" and "unless"?
How does philosophy "progress" in history?
How can we categorize schools to achieve AI?
Why these two ways of constructing an argument produce different results?
What are ethical rules?
School/branch of philosophy based on freedom
Does "intrinsic" mean independently of anything else?
What are four ways in which Kant 's categories are different from Aristotle's?
Fringe Modes of Governance?
Is our "meaning of life" fundamentally different from that of other animals?
Why did Voltaire think that deism would support an ethical social order better than atheism?
Why is faith seen as a sign of weakness, instead of an unexplored land/opportunity?
Social Constructivism and Logical Necessity
What is a scientific explanation?
How to debate with someone who asks for proof of a fact they are not denying
Are substance dualism and identity theory compatible?
How can our actions be regarded as free if they are causally determined?
Why does Thomas Aquinas say that "in every composite there must be potentiality and actuality"?
Does a psychological disorder excuse one from the impacts of their actions?
proofreadiing a paper on Descartes. Need help on line "a true physics..."
In trolleyology, why is the consequentialist choice invariant?
Is it a problem for Frequentism that infinite sequences do not exist?
Material Perception and Quantity
Philosophy vs Corporate Personhood
How does constructive empiricism differ from instrumentalism?
Do our eyes show us truth?
What makes a great scientific question for and/or against a stupid idea?
Is the existence of an omniscient creature impossible?
Is philosophy considered mainly as ethics in modern society (mainly in the public perception)?
What do we mean by philosophy of physics or math what does it tell us about them?
How to make a better choice?
Is an all-knowing being still able to think?
Why are believers criticized so much for being anti-science when so many scientists are ... believers?
Why does utilitarianism presuppose that objective utility can exist and is to the benefit of a society?
Examples of scientific progress revolutionizing philosophic thought?
Is it possible to visualize higher dimensional space?
Not all knowledge is wisdom
Are there philosophical or cognitive theories about "creating truth by defining"?
Is knowledge of right and wrong the 'first' knowledge?
Does God need to create mathematics?
What does it mean that a belief is scientifically compatible?
Which ancient Greeks are known to have commentated on Zeno's Paradoxes?
Too involved with who you think you are
Is university research a guarantee for accuracy of theory?
Do whole numbers other than zero actually exist?
Interpretation of the butterfly effect
Why did Aldous Huxley not include the Zohar/Kabbalah in "The Perennial Philosophy"?
Which philosophers considered mathematics an experimental science?
How do B-theorists think about absences?
Why would philosophical agnosticism and pragmatic atheism be considered more rational than philosophical agnosticism and pragmatic theism?
Deriving "(p.q) v (p.r) from "p.(q v r)"?
Can purpose be attributed to events without grounding in agency
Good books that give a detailed explanation of different topics in philosophy
Is agnosticism subjective? And thus the "spaghetti monster"-argument falls apart?
How do developments in philosophy impact everyday life?
Studying the nature of the world: philosophy or physics
Korean Neo-Confucianism
Isn't the universe a hypocrite?
Recommendation request re Fitch notation
Logical Fallacy? "You drive, therefore you use fossil fuels"
What are the facts and what is the truth?
Questions about nothingness, existentialism, death
Diagram of Ethics theories
A paradox: Being ethical in a chaotic world
How can Kantianism prove the existence of perfect duties?
What is wrong with the physicalist view on the mind-body problem?
Is there any difference between knowledge and information?
How is it possible for someone to live life to the fullest without becoming obsessed?
What is the worth of developed societies and humanity over catastrophic global warming
Are humans becoming more hive-like? Does this have philosophical implications?
Why do the professional mathematicians believe blindly in so meaningless concepts as Infinity?
To what extent was Galileo's trial a conflict between science and religion?
The philosophical relationship of morality, rationalism, atheism and physicalism
Why do they say I am committing a fallacy when I am just insulting someone?
Descartes' Theory of Innate Ideas
How to construct a counter-model of □P --> □◊P in T and K?
Historical Knowledge Paradox, how do you characterize the epistemology of it?
Validity of mathematical induction
Does Quantum Mechanics imply free will?
Evolution of society's adoption of various ethics theories
Why, according to Lu Xun, is exaltation a method of suppression?
How do materialists respond to the thought experiment of the perception of blue and red colors being swapped?
Why do people quote Ayn Rand so much on this forum when she clearly wasn't into philosophy?
Is there any coherent argument in support of consciousness being an illusion?
What is the meaning of the sentence from Thus Spake Zarathustra?
How is 0 defined?
Is there a logical fallacy for forming an argument where, because one does not do enough, their efforts are in vain?
Authors on "the Trouble with the Revolutions of the Mind"
Is Antireductionism a scientific position?
Problems with Aristotle's argument against Parmenide's argument against the existence of change
Is philosophy a waste of time?
Aristotle notion of action in his physics?
How can Rawls' justified inequality not be equality?
According to Nozick people should not view goods like property and wealth as a gift from heaven
Is it sure that there is always room to improve ourselves?
Should a believer in property rights not move out into the woods?
How is ω-consistency different from ordinary consistency?
Is Fairness just an Anomaly?
Heraclitus and Nietzsche
Hume's problem of induction
What's the purpose of philosophical "isms"?
Does an implied premise mean a formal fallacy if used in deduction?
Human cost of OJ Simpson court proceedings
Richard Taylor’s determinism
An example for (∃y)(Fy→(∀x)Fx)?
Functionalism, its key concepts and social phenomena
Why can't we (or why shouldn't we) seek the things that give us direct pleasure (like drugs for example)?
Locke's Anarchy versus Marx's Anarchy
Are moral obligations real?
Are there convincing arguments for dualism?
Is 'self ownership' encompassed in John Locke's 3 natural and inalienable human rights life liberty and property?
Aristotle's middle point between teleological eliminativists and teleological intentionalists
Intelligence, happiness, money and idols
Critique of Nietzsche's 'Ressentiment'?
Can morals be metaphysical?
What kind of fallacy associates social issues with "agency"?
How do religious pluralists decide on exclusion?
Why are euthanasia and suicide considered inhumane?
Why are true and false the only truth values used in mathematics?
relativism and russell's paradox
Purposelessness and DNA Propagating
Are the following premises and conclusions begging the question?
Can someone explain Compatibilism to me?
How does this New Atheist argument add up?
Is it irrational to take a risk?
How credible is Bryan Magee's The Great Philosophers video series?
What is "disclosure" in the work of Simone DeBeauvoir
Worldview hierarchy. Epistemology or ontology more fundamental?
Are object categories abstract?
Are objects objective?
Confusion about an implication's contrapositive
What are the best arguments against the existence of change?
DIFFERENCE PRINCIPLE DEFINED by Rawls vs Nozick
Seminal, accessible work on defeasible reasoning
Non-euclidean geometry = decisive argument against rationalism?
Can the act of having certain thoughts be unethical?
Specific arguments for moral realism
Is determinism compatible with reason?
If two brains A and B were 100% identical, why would A's self-awareness emerge in A instead of emerging in B and viceversa?
If consciousness is an emergent property of brain state, does this mean that we can only truly exist for 1 Planck unit of time?
Are these basic arguments considered valid and sound?
Does inexistence exist?
Can the immediate effect of a cause be considered a part of the cause? If not, why?
Liberty and equality have become antagonist?
Are boycotts distinct from force? When are boycotts ethical?
Logical difference between 'equivalence' and 'an absence of differences'
Does ought imply can?
Dismissing something because author cannot have direct experience in it
What are the differences between postmodernism, post-structuralism and deconstruction?
How can one not believe in god as the root cause of the universe?
Is there a relation between postmodernism and Asian philosophies?
Why did Marx criticise Hegel?
What is the exact relationship between empathy and evil?
If we forget why do we acquire knowledge which by the way gets outdated?
What factors could affect the resolvability of disputes over knowledge claims (within a discipline in an area of knowledge)?
Is acceptance followed by an interpretation of a sentence, acceptance of the sentence indeed?
I and me are always too deep in conversation - Friedrich Nietzsche. What exactly does it mean?
Using Special Pleading to invalidate first-cause argument regarding existence of God
Is it possible to have truth if objective randomness exists?
Is it possible for the "feeling of having a rational thought" to be an illusion? If so, how can you have any confidence whatsoever in your thoughts?
Freedom and euthanasia
Misrepresented Knowledge in Translation?
Why is Sam Harris arguing against himself in this bizarre 6-minute clip?
Are paradoxes counterarguments?
What are some essential quotes or excerpts from Existentialist literature?
Dawkins' gene-centered view on personal identity
Existence of Jungian archetypes
"There are no absolutes."
Is Epicureanism more like egoism or utilitarianism
Is the phenomenom of “subjective consciousness” or “qualia” formally captured by any state-of-the-art Theoretical Model in Physics?
Paradoxes and inconsistent set of sentences
Any good papers or literature about analysis of argumentation contexts?
Why does Newcomb's paradox seem to have different solutions depending on when the choice is made despite determinism?
Which of Descartes’ arguments for the existence of God is the most successful and why?
Do naturalists think that only microscopic physical things exist?
Is Information considered a genuine concept from physics?
Sketch of a proof for real free will?
Is the couplet about mathematics and poetry about logocentricism and deconstructionism?
Will McDuck go bankrupt?
Warranted Atheist Belief
What is an interaction?
Why did Hegel hate Newton?
Why's it hard to say exactly when a misfortune befalls an injured whiz?
How can an attitude toward death be 'appropriate', but unwelcome?
How can a meaningless life be sufficiently good in other ways such that its (objective) quality's not unusually bad?
Is God a permanent fixed identity or is he evolving?
Is anything truly continuous?
Are almost all atheists hypocrites?
Is G.E. Moore's here-is-one-hand argument a bit naive?
What is the difference between epistemic targets and epistemic motivations for simulations and experiments?
Can small random pieces produce a deterministic whole?
In nondualistic religions (Shaivism/Hinduism/New Age) why does consciousness manifest the world at all?
Making 'sense' of Wittgenstein's senselessness / nonsense distinction in the Tractatus
Fallacy where an institution is discredited because of a discredited member?
What does it mean to know or not know something?
Christianity and innocent victims
how do we stop caring about what others think of us?
Scientific statements that are not falsifiable
Thales's views on marriage and sexuality
Logical Fallacy: Comparing Conspiracy to Scientific Experiment
bypass for morality, proof of consciousness
What is the philosophical status of interpretations of a scientific theory?
Is the Completeness of a logical system considered an integral part any 'good' logical system?
What properties does God have?
Berkeley on perception - now you see it, next it's not there?
Fundamental idea on proving God's existence with science
Is it ethically wrong to refuse a suffering person the right to assisted suicide?
Identifying necessary and sufficient conditions in English (less clear cases)
Difference between "epistemological" belief and "theistic" belief
What did Kant mean by the "fountain of reason" in the Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics?
What is the relation between expressive completeness and semantic completeness
Descartes vs Buddha - Was Descartes wrong?
What are the premises and conclusion of the Functionalist claim that "matter doesn't matter"?
How could being follow action?
Constitutive Identity
The nature of elementary propositions in the Tractatus
How is it possible for an infinite number of moments to have elapsed prior to now?
What are the arguments for and against the idea that sex is bad as concept?
Is there any way disputes over a knowledge claim due to different interpretations of data can be resolved?
The Presocratics - Diels Kranz - Imitations
Advancements in scientific mind and its side effects on society
What is a political mind?
How do I create a good argument that no one deserves the penalty of death whatever their legal or moral offenses?
Object's memory
Side effects of scientific mind on levels of life
What fallacy accepts P and P → Q but rejects Q (denies modus ponens)?
Would the existence of an eternal, uncaused object conflict with the naturalistic framework?
Spinoza's proof of God
How to be calm and content with what you have in life?
Is this statement about causality a fair representation of Hume's view?
Is it possible to over-complicate the rules for a complex system so that it has a detrimental effect on the system?
The primary nature of feeling
Formalizing negations
Can one get a masters in philosophy without majoring in philosophy?
Can nominalists believe in their own death?
Term for Deceptive Logic
Why is Truth the default designated value in logic and language?
Cartesian Skepticism within a Coherentist Epistemology
Is the following considered an argument or just a set of statements? If it is an argument what would be the premises and conclusion?
How does it make sense to talk about meritocracy?
Does the future always arrive?
Does the existence of an infinite multi-verse constitute "grounding of scientific law"?
Is it possible for radical skeptics to have internally consistent beliefs?
Aristotle and taste preferences of animals
Any concepts/terms to refer to the phenomena that one can claim "truthfulness" only if the interpreter of truth has the same truth concepts?
What, at present, are the major unsolved problems of logic?
Is this quote from Aristotle?
Applying the Mere Means principle
physical approach to freewill
How do non-theists explain the reliability of our cognitive faculties given Plantinga’s EAAN?
John Stuart Mill " On Liberty" Chapter 1 Introductory
A possible 6th prima facie duty (W.D. Ross)?
Value of unfalsifiable beliefs
What are the ethical problems with flipping a coin to decide in the trolley problem?
Can philosophy say that these precepts are wrong?
Nature of Logic and Mathematics, and its relationship with God and materialism
What would Utilitarian and Kantian say or react to this case?
Aristotle on the impossibility of the indivisibility - Aristotle's physics book I
How to cater to equally good choices
Is "the self" a relativistic referential abstraction? What current philosophy form does this fit into?
What does model-theoretic semantics have to do with the problem of multiple generality?
Is this analogy right?
Godel's theorems
Does Sosa's modal definition of knowledge beg the question?
Are Husserl and Heidegger's conceptions of finitude in any way similar?
Why is Hume struggling to reconcile causality with his notion of what is knowable?
When Aristotle is speaking of things that are clear to us, is he thinking of entities or formulas?
Does this argument prove the uselessness of Utilitarianism?
An alternative foundation for political philosophy?
Is there anything which is not impermanent?
Why is Slavoj Zizek considered a Marxist?
Causality as a product of creation
All evil is potential vitality in need of transformation
In which publication does Bertrand Russell define "philosophy"?
How are properties recognized if they are?
Are there criteria for good philosophy ? If so, what are they ?
Why is death considered a big problem?
Role of definitions in analytic–synthetic distinction
How different would mathematics and science be if we'd assume truth does not exist?
What are the criteria for existence?
How does ethics influence epistemology?
Grounds for morality in subjective idealistic reality?
How does being come into being? How does existence come into existence?
What is this argument called?
Memory and self II
Collective Being
Does Plantinga view God as knowing precisely what a human being will choose to do?
How to express Nihilism and Existentialism without explicitly stating it as such?
How does Stoicism relate to Existentialism?
Churchland's “historical trend”-argument for physicalism
Have our needs changed?
Can one pursue humanistic goals while being a successful entrepreneur?
What is this formal logic symbol?
What are the third and fourth ways in which William Charlton says "being" is used in Aristotle?
Confused by Spinoza's Use of Substance as Infinite
Theory of everything and God
Gödel's incompleteness theorem and non-standard logics/foundational systems
Was Bishop Berkeley part of the Enlightenment and if so - how did it fit his adherence to religion?
What is the proof for the Reductio (in a derivation)
What are some secondary texts, in the form of online articles, to read about Kant's Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics?
What are the limits (if any) of God's Omnipotence
What should be first according to Aristotle: the nature of being or the nature of explanation?
Why the truth is always on the opposite direction?
Why is a lion not evil?
Quote of Russell on Mathematics
How does Gödel's incompleteness theorem apply to materialism and the mind
The tags for the 21st century philosophy
On what basis something is wrong?
Realist vs Nominalist views of empirical data
Contact and Separation
How consistent is Christian theology compared to Islamic and Buddhist theologies?
reductio ad absurdum vs. argument by lack of imagination
What discriminates between these sets?
Would depriving other beings of higher cognitive function be unethical?
Can "my death" be an abstract entity?
Should you not fix one problem when there are bigger ones?
If an amateur philosopher were to come up with a revolutionary logical philosophy, how could they get that accepted?
At what level of self confidence are you narcissistic?
Is it true to say that: The existence of any deity, based on current information, has a probability of zero but remains possible?
Square of Opposition with percentages?
Does epistemology = logic?
Traditional Logic: About Judgment
Pictorial representations for philosophical concepts, schools, ideas?
How do I free myself from being enslaved by the randomness of reality without committing suicide?
Aristotle on unconditional vs universal goods
Is reductionism in conflict with our sense of awe and wonder?
Does free software contradict its own "free as in speech" metaphor?
Is it possible to know a priori the statement 'I know mathematical theorem X a priori' providing X is true
Do unverifiable statements provide any knowledge?
Pascal's cœur = Aristotle νόος = Scholastics' intellectus? Pascal's raison = Aristotle's ἐπιστήμη = Scholastics' scientia?
How does somebody believe in anything out of science?
Mathematical Platonism & QM
What distinguishes black liberation theology from liberation theology?
Paradox with regards to detachment
Is the set of all true contingent propositions equal to the set of all true propositions?
What's the name of this kind of fallacious proof to refute an idea?
For a political ruler is it better to be loved or feared?
How can a non-religious person justify or rationalize hope or optimism in an absurd world?
Aristotle's meaning of 'present in subject'
On the circularity of induction
"great power of the divinity as part of the cosmos"
Has anyone tried to model the mind considering two interacting parts - prediction and attention?
Is it moral to obey the law?
Is Philosophy simply the appreciation of wise thoughts?
When do we say something evil has happened?
Skepticism towards Nirvana, Moksha
We may say that Sartre inverts Kant’s moral philosophy. What does Sartre share with Kant, and how does he overturn some of his thinking?
Why didn't Kant end up in anarchy?
How does Kant's absolute obligation to obey the law square with existence of unfair laws?
Ontological status of Axiom of Choice
How can philosophy and soc. sci. avoid idealism, which seems so prevalent?
Does Danto's 'The Disenfranchisement of Art' (1984) imply that if anything can be an art then nothing is?
What branch of philosophy studies 'clouds' of concepts that spread as intellectual templates?
On Putnam's belief that we can choose a logic system based on the task at hand
If life is absurd, is immortality desirable?
Introduction to Philosophy via thought experiments
Where to find the “tightened up” definitions of computing mentioned by Searle?
How does the concept of the 'virtual' (Deleuze) relate to 'counterfactuals' (Lewis)?
What are the assumptions adopted by the scientific community?
Is there a term that combines present will and future will?
How can Camus be correct that 'il peut y avoir des responsables, il n'y a pas de coupable'?
What did Heidegger get wrong about Hölderlin?
Is the "legacy" of Marx & Engels unwarranted?
Hume and Strawson on Libertarianism and Determinism
What is the formal definition of mathematics?
Does making recreational drug use illegal undermine the autonomy of a drug addict?
How does Rand explain her choice of laissez-faire capitalism?
Can a priori reconsideration improve on a priori theory? "Analytical" etc. schools
Can an argument be valid even though one of its premises is false?
Is truth objective or pragmatic? Is it possible to have anything else than an opinion?
Is it irrational to criticise political systems and not their members?
Perception and Time
A world where nothing can be hidden. No lies, always truth
Philanthropy Fallacy
Thoughts on Post-Structuralism and Post-Modernist theory?
Can we have more than a conviction that a statement is true?
Is your phone a natural product?
A-theory of time verses B theory of time?
How do I know what I should know?
Against Historical (or Geographical) Determinism
Fourfold categories development in Aristotle.
On this question test a categorical syllogism to determine whether it is valid or invalid
Why's math more abstruse than philosophy?
On this question test a categorical syllogism to determine whether it is valid or invalid please explain in detail thanks
What other theistic positions support open theism besides Christianity?
What does Hannah Arendt mean by 'Alienation from the World?'
Was Bourdieu's 'Ökonomisches Kapital, kulturelles Kapital, soziales Kapital' written originally in German?
Which artistic form (Visual, Audio, Literary etc.) is the best at conveying emotion?
Pendulum Theory / Cyclical Theory in Philosophy?
How can we stop power abuse without anarchy?
Does idealism allow other minds?
How can an omniscient being prove it 's omniscient and not just delusional?
In which published work(s) did Sartre claim to have reinvented or reshaped his thinking?
Is the negation of a non-falsifiable statement falsifiable?
Is this a Fallacy? You are X because you hold an opinion as X would
Philosophical Positions on the Purpose and Qualities of Art
Is it unfair to eternally punish people in hell if determinism is true?
What does de Silentio ( Kierkegaard) object to calling it a "trial" in Fear and Trembling
Is this really an omniscience vs free-will paradox?
Is the Increase of Escapism in the Modern World Concerning?
In the joke about math vs. philosophy, why don't philosophy departments need erasers?
Is there a term for the philosophical view that claims nothing exists independently of interaction?
What ethical studies have been performed on what would happen if a government raises kids without parents?
Introductory Text to Ethics
With knowledge of modern linguistics, how would Aristotle develop his categories today?
Free will, what do philosophers think this is?
How is free-will formally defined as distinct from determinism, randomness and determinism-randomness hybrid to support moral responsibility?
Ethical Considerations in Relation to Allowing Children with Gender Dysphoria to Begin HRT Before the Age of 18
Do mathematicians take Modern Logic to be an appropriate representation of our sense of logic?
Is the "Theory of Everything" a misnomer?
What was the popular moral philosophy at the time when Kant lived?
To what extent is embodied cognition falsifiable?
What happens when evil realizes it is evil?
Can any correct logical reasoning in natural language sentences be translated into a formal mathematical proof?
Is there a way to prove the existence of choice and free will
Please name this fallacy: "we can't do it; therefore, we must never do it."
Can class, status and power exist independently?
Do ethics give an answer what should be done to someone who made a "right" or "wrong" decision?
Since words are defined in terms of other words in dictionaries, leading to infinite loops, does it mean natural languages are meaningless?
How to measure the success of a human?
What does this formal sentence mean for the given interpretation?
What (if anything) is wrong with solipsism?
How do "movements" form?
Is Google Duplex unethical if it doesn’t specifically identify itself as a non-human?
Alternatives to Russell Bertrand's "History of Western Philosophy"
What justifications have been given for using particular systems of logical calculus?
Meaning of 'statement of fact' in a book by Russell
Do objective improvements to descriptive ethics always improve normative ethics?
Box's aphorism "all models are wrong, but some are useful" is closest to what line of thought in philosophy of science?
Does the uncertainty principle resolve Zeno’s arrow paradox?
For those who have read-and understood- "Living Currency" by Pierre Klossowski
Can I say that I hold a Facebook executive morally responsible for this or that market strategy?
Difference between Locke's Primary and Secondary Qualities
A taxonomy of Meta-Ethics (Reference Request)
What is wrong in the first premise of open question argument?
Is injustice the "Achilles Heel" of materialism?
Introspection to look for what I'm missing
Why do physicists increasingly seek to understand more fundamental pieces of matter?
How can i become obsessed with some meaning to life that i find rational?
Wanted: literature on the ethics of creating a fake world (The morality of God)
What is the nature of Aristotle's differentia?
In German, to which of Nietzsche's books does the abbreviation "GA" refer to?
How to answer a question that you don't know its answer, but your life depends on it?
How journalism's rationale to tell facts feasible? How objectivity may be achieved if at all by journalists?
How do I prove: 1. A v (B & C) 2. (A v C) > ~(G & O) / ~G v ~O
Understanding and formalizing this argument
Is there any formal axiomatized definition of Determinism in First Order Logic (FOL), or any other logical system for that matter?
Why do mathematical Axioms work so well in science?
what amount of complexity is enough to warrant intelligent design?
journal for mathematics of philosophy/mythology
How can land and natural resources become “private property”?
Compelling example of difference between intended consequences and foreseen but unintended consequences?
Does life imply death or the other way around?
How does Kant actually resolve the free will / empirical causality contradiction?
How does a Bayesian respond to the Grue-hypothesis?
Why can a human never have a child for a potential child's sake?
What's incongruous in this joke? ‘Never to be born would be the best thing [...] But this happens to scarcely 1 person in 100,000.’
Where does Benatar defend in 'Better Never to Have Been' that (though logically possible) absence of pleasure can't be bad?
Why aren't always defeated rights, legal rights?
Even if one's preferences are flawless, what might we wish to be done, but think that they oughtn't be done?
Swinburne's solution to Grue
Are all fallacious arguments invalid?
Is Brian Leiter considered credible in Nietzschean scholarship?
Can a statement claim itself to be unprovable?
Is all meaning just comparison/measurement? (Reference request)
Did the Greeks inherit philosophy from the Minoans?
How can the pro-death outlook's deprivation of choice, help sway pro-lifers'?
How may there be more people than there could be for very long, if there'll never be more people than there could be?
Why does Parfit judge implausible the impersonal average view?
Is the "Both View" of Neutral Monism a form of Metaphysical Realism?
How do I differentiate between synchronic and dialectic approaches?
Term for Fear of the Unknown
What is the Null Hypothesis for a negative claim?
Buddhism in Phaedo
Is the notion of a meritocracy inherently unethical and/or paradoxical?
Is Tarski's derivation of the Liar paradox valid?
What term describes 'statements about future events can't have a truth value until they occur' & ' what'll happen will happen'?
What does David Benatar intend to say, in his reply to Susan Neiman's rebuke of pessimism on social progress?
Were the Bavarian Illuminati actually Luciferians?
Is Wittgenstein right when he criticises recursion theory in the Tractatus 3.333?
Why do humans feel guilty?
Minimum number of elements in the domain? (predicate logic)
What are the better arguments against Nietzsche's sovereign individual being a real ideal?
The Hard Problem of Consciousness and Wave Function Collapse
Authors on the Business of Philosophy and the Philosopher's ego
Does explanation matter in philosophy?
Is the criterium of admissibility a valid requirement for probability interpretations?
Which Chinese philosophy is best for understanding other cultures?
Did the Ancient Greek Philosophers actually believe in their Gods and Myths?
Formal Logic: Truth-Value Analysis
Step by step natural deduction: (T > E) ^ (A > L) /... (T v A) > (E v L)
How to understand the identity of matter in Aristotelianism?
What if Brentano was wrong?
Introductions to Camus on absurdity
Books on how Philosophers overcame Misanthropy (hatred towards humanity)
On the Idea of Progress
How to deal with self conflicting opinion with my potential religion on controversial issue?
Applying rules of inference in natural deduction
What are some good introductory books to contemporary linguistics?
Difference between weak Axiology, strong Axiology, weak Deontology, and strong Deontology
Can something end which never began?
How one should live a peaceful life knowing this fact that there is no meaning of life?
What CAN a sentence say about itself? Can a sentence say about itself that it is false?
How widely accepted is the "presumption of atheism" among philosophers?
If the deity is both omnipotent and omniscient can the deity then construct a riddle so difficult that even he can not solve it?
Why do living things seek to keep living
How one might analyze on the practice of excessive pursuit of perfectionism in morality?
Authors on the Philosophy of Ancient Egypt
What is the relationship between subjectivity and vagueness?
Is it correct to afirm that philosophy had no begining?
Is the statement "I'm drunk" subjective or objective?
Is it true that Scientific "discovery" has more to do with notation and symbolic abstraction?
What fallacy says we have rights as long as we don't use them?
What is the intuitive notion that ZF minus Extensionality minus Regularity plus Collection capture?
Who are the representatives of Michigan and Rutgers ethical naturalism?
Can we give a well-motivated distinction between finitary and non-finitary mathematics?
Russell on freedom of realm of thought from public control
The social aspect of epistemology
Is the concept of emergence sufficient in blocking reductionism?
Is a distinction between actual and potential infinity philosophically significant?
Can "If A then B may be" be proven or disproven?
What is this rule of inference called?
Natural deduction proof help!
Does the possible existence of infinity prove that Utilitarianism is ill-defined?
Can infinity be defined?
What does it mean for philosophical texts to be also great literary works?
Beauty: objective or subjective?
Is there a fundamental ontology in Physics? What is the universe fundamentally "made of" according to Physics?
What would happen if suddenly, 1+1=2 is disproved?
Authors on the philosophical impact of the discovery of an Extraterrestrial civilization
PSR and intelligibility
Why is mathematics so fantastically successful at describing the universe?
Is it possible to argue convincingly against suicide?
Is there such a thing as philosophical rigour?
What does "Memory is the thing you forget with" intend to say?
What did Bertrand Russell mean: 'Ethics is in origin the art of recommending to others the sacrifices required for cooperation with oneself'?
In what occupations did Aristotle consider virtue impossible to acquire?
What did John Locke intend to say by 'talk in a road'?
Does anyone say that dying for a cause is always irrational?
Can anyone think of any examples where begging the question is "the correct response" in an argument?
Can you objectively determine if a given system has free will (according to compatibilism)?
Is Kant's postulate of the existence of God a metaethical assumption?
How do we obtain scientific knowledge
Deterrent effect of nuclear weapons in comparison with carrying Firearms?
What is the philosophical status of the enlightenment project?
Is freedom always either completely subjective or psychopatic?
What proof will be sufficient for the existence of God?
"Kids shout at plants" (relation vs implication?)
A clarification related to Saul Kripke's argument for posteriori necessity
Can objective morality exist apart from the existence of a transcendent being?
What is a place?
What is the best philosophy joke you have heard
Assuming perceptual realism, if there exists a red apple, and I am thinking of it, is the thing in my mind red?
Does the individual meaning of two propositions determine or constrain what kind of logical connectives can be formed between them?
Clarification of material conditional, logical necessity and causation
Infinite v finite domains
Where is the knowledge that AI's "knowledge representations" represent?
How can inanimate matter provide subjective experiences
Do morphisms and their compositions capture the essence of "having a structure"?
Instrumentalist value theory. Is it morally nihilistic? Is it science?
How is the concept of "beyond word" viewed in many school of thoughts?
Inadequately small sample fallacy
What is the difference between the Hypostasis Soul, the World Soul, and individual souls in Plotinus' philosophy?
When can a creative work be considered to have transcended time?
Conundrum of the self?
Prove ¬∃x ∀y (E(x, y) ↔ ¬E(y, y)) given no premises
According to Kierkegaard, is freedom not possible?
In order for politics to be "scientific", what does it require? Are there existing scientific political ideologues (measurement et al)?
Information of a sentence
What's so fallacious about the recourse to authority fallacy?
Is faith necessary for optimism?
Is Nietzsche's "new infinite" a value?
What's the difference between "unfalsifiable" and "true"?
Does consciousness exist?
Many worlds defeats Doomsday argument (betting version)?
Monadic Predicate and Polyadic Predicate?
Was Descartes the first one to approach metaphysics epistemologically?
Cloning: Will you be the same person?
Why must everything have an origin, but not an ending?
Western philosophers that emphasize on the importance of meditation?
What is the difference between an ampliative and explanatory reasoning?
Is nothing an entity?
Bruno Latour on the globe
What are Nietzsche's basic views on morality?
Best way to start philosophy?
What is the logical fallacy in assuming scientific method?
What's power that one doesn't want to recognize as power?
Is logical fallacy different from logically false?
History of Noble Savage idea
Source for history of thoughts with their historical and economical context
Is There A Way To Answer The Question?
At base, do all disagreements in philosophy come down to differences in intuition?
Is Spinoza really a determinist?
Defining Psychological Egoism vs Ethical Egoism
Philosophies that suggest that thoughts have an existence beyond their physical realization
If you can "divide" anything other than numbers
Wittgenstein vs Derrida
What is the definition of 'will' according to Thomas Aquinas?
Are there non-empirical kinds of aposteriori justifcation?
What created the universe?
If everything that happens is "part of God's plan", how can anything be immoral?
How can we tell when a practical philosophy practice is "philosophical" or "mystical"?
Is it a fallacy (or probably a different term) when someone talks about (often condemns) a certain thing that actually didn't happen
Ned Block on the Psychology of the Homunculi-Head
Operationalization / Falsifiability and ethics
If purpose is just another side of cause, is everyone a consequentialist?
A scenario about lack of memory on decision making
How good, from an ethical, perspective is APA's "Critical Incidents Technique" to develop a code of ethics?
What are the top professional organizations that philosophers belong to?
Is promiscuity wrong?
Contentedness vs Happiness
If we don't have free will, why was the quality of being conscious selected for?
Show that a sentence that has no sentence letters is either a tautology or a contradiction
Spinoza--Why is Unity a Necessary Property of Substance?
Expressive adequacy help
What are the main reference tools professional philosophers use to do research?
Morality is subjective?
Leibniz -- Why Must Substance be Indivisible/unified?
How similar were Epicureans and Stoics to Buddhism on suffering?
Aristotle's epistemology: the proper objects of perception?
Nietzche quoting Descartes... without source
Nietzsche challenging traditional morality
integrity and identity
How can I prove ⊢(∀x)(Fx V ~Fx) with natural deduction?
Into what category does following view place me in moral philosophy?
Authors on religions as mental traps
Is there a philosophical principle stating that everything that can be imagined can possibly / must necessarily exist?
Can "Gettier problems" be solved by changing Justified, True Belief without introducing a fourth condition?
Models of explanations and their conditions
Is "quality of life" an in-efficacious measure for a "meaningful life"?
Why is ousia translated as substance? Should it be?
Any solution to prove (∀x)(∃y)(Fx & Gy) ⊢ (∃y)(∀x)(Fx & Gy) with natural deduction?
Does Habermas' 'performative contradiction' have more bite after Adorno gave up Marxism?
How did Aristotle arrive at the definition of substance/ousia?
Is the "blind men and an elephant" illustration self-refuting?
Thoughts Regarding a Hypothetical Ethics Dilemma
Do we need knowledge, defined as "Justified, True Belief", at all?
So much ad hominem against French continental philosophers and no true critiques -- can someone lead me to the right direction?
I can't see how free will exists in a universe that's only causal or random, can I be convinced otherwise?
Please explain Good's solution to why we should make new observations
US and Europe social differences based on philosophical views
How might studying philosophy impact your mental health?
Responses to the problem of Underdetermination
Is suffering unfair in life?
Should/could politics and/or political science abide to the same epistemological notions as hard formal-empirical sciences?
Why is Jackson’s Knowledge Argument (“Mary’s room”) widely accepted as being self-consistent in its premises?
What is the 'idea' behind structural realism?
Can a Kantian bluff in poker?
What is the name of the school of thought that holds "humans did it"?
Being alive today: the most improbable coincidence?
Kuhn's incommensurability of scientific theory
Is actual infinity physical infinity? Or just the axiom of infinity?
Books/resources on non-existence
What logical fallacy would it be if someone calls me a supporter of rapists when I speak against the mob lynching of a rapist?
What are the differences between Christianity, Gnosticism and Neo-Platonism during the time of Plotinus?
A philosophy of suspending disbelief. What is it called?
"Don't bite the hand that feeds you" is a pretty good moral stance?
If the bible says 'Thou shalt not judge' why do people judge LGBT lifestyle?
Is it possible that we are stuck in a loop of endless life?
Philosophy of dreams
Symbolic Logic - Negation Introduction
Justification of deductive reasoning
Can one think outside of logical rules? If so how?
Axioms for modal logics based upon counterfactuals
What kind of appeal is this to emotion? Slippery Slope
What is intrinsic in Capitalism which leads to accumulation of wealth with a minority?
Is "Forever falling to the bottom" a paradox?
Is there any author that argues for radical moral pluralism?
Define delegated Power (Foucault)
Is Deductive Reasoning Alien to the Material World?
Theory of Chaos
'No better than they ought to be'?
Is there a logical fallacy in this argument?
Why is it said that God is benevolent?
On the way we relate to the world\thinking the way we think
Does non-empirical knowledge exist?
Does free will require mental causation?
Reference Format to Aristotle Book
Contextual meaning of a philosophical text
Was Stephen Covey arguing for virtue ethics in "7 Habits..."?
Is it possible for a human being to be rational?
What's the argument of Socrates in addressing Thrasymachus' argument that the pursuit of self-interest or injustice pays better than that of justice?
What is the name for the fallacy, where a person introduces a "comparative scale" to nullify the other person's argument?
How to build up clear ideas
What does love mean in the true sense?
Questioning determinism (example)
Who Are the Most Prominent Modern Socialist Thinkers?
Is willful ignorance about one's own mortality escapism?
Did Plato believe in reincarnation?
Thomas Kuhn's "paradigm" and its 22 different uses
What is the difference between an axiom, hypothesis and a postulate?
How can I argue against the argument: "relativism" is in itself another "centrism"?
Philosophical approach for discussing the meaning of many words?
Utilitarian Morality vs Kantian Morality
From evolution: Why do we need truth, meaning of life and all that stuff?
Burke on the social contract
Is the confusion about philosophy's place in the academia a result of the analytic movement?
Quine "Ontological Relativity"
I know that I know that I know
Does the postmodern rejection of "Grand Narratives" have anything to do with "First Principles" argumentation?
Causality: is it possible for one attribute to be found in one node but not the others before it?
What is the name of the phenomenon that a thing must be named in order to understand it?
What is meant by: "Human rights were discovered (not invented!)"?
Can a physicalist be also realist about mathematical objects?
Was Euclid's method of proof axiomatic?
What makes moral realism so popular a standpoint?
Is Reality an intersection of Incompatible Ontologies?
What is the nature of implication?
What do you call this fallacy that relies on dubious transitivity?
Can someone explain this Wittgenstein joke?
Is there a theory in philosophy that time can be reduced to causation?
Predicate Logic - Existential Elimination
Predicate Logic - Universal Introduction
Proofs in math and physics
What does it mean to say what happens in your experience is inside your mind in a way in which what happens in your brain is not?
How to understand objective/subjective and relative/absolute in the context of morality?
What is the use of analytic propositions?
What does it take for someone to be recognized as a philosopher
Aren't all children philosophers?
The possibility of talking about logic
What does this excerpt from Plato's Republic mean?
Is it possible to be ethical subjectivist and realist at the same time?
Is omniscience possible in a universe with quantum mechanics?
Capitalism stance on natural disasters
What arguments are there for considering forced sterilization a human rights violation? Rather than not consider it?
How to test electromagnetism avoiding circular reasoning?
Are propositions in mathematics synthetic or analytic?
Is it possible to know something without any assumptions?
Should I ignore spam I find useful?
Would da Vinci still be a genius today?
How can "who is the creator of god" question make any sense?
Does the question further?
Seeking a quote of Hegel on Descartes
Refuting Solipsism
Questions concerning the Hegelian dialectic
Did Charles Darwin say anything on why life was formed in the first place?
How ought one "elaborate" natural order, if present governments are based on positive law and block it?
What's a 'bootstrap argument'?
How can I abandon beliefs supplied by the culture?
The Moral Law and the Categorical Imperative in Kant
brains observing the detectors in double slit experiments
Need help formally translating sentence into modal logic
Need help translating a formal definition into FOL
Is Karl Gustav Jung a difficult philosopher?
Metaphysical substrate and the Judeo-Christian legacy
What does "A violent man does not die a natural death" mean?
Any good theories on the nature of time in which time is not fundamental?
What does Helmuth Plessner mean by : 'the human being is at a distance to her boundary'?
Can a solid theory ever exist without any axioms?
Is Kant's noumenon very small or very big?
Being a determinist and a believer in a multiverse seems contradictatory
Eating meat and the intelligence or perception of the creature create ethical morality
Time Travel and Virtual Particles correlation?
How bounded are we by biology and emotional bias?
Is there a distinction between Subjective and Objective Ethics, or not?
Is group belonging, age, background, racial group invalidate ones opinion?
What was Plato's purpose behind Atlantis?
Nietzsche’s despising of the herd
AI singularity, and the transmission of intelligence
Understanding Lewis Carroll's argument on Modus Ponens
Where did Kuhn draw a parallel with Quine's thesis of the indeterminacy of translation?
Was Heidegger simply a Lebensreform (er)?
Is there a connection between argument diagramming and formal logic systems such as propositional/ predicate logic?
What did R.G. Collingwood intend to say by 'nothing capable of being learnt by heart, nothing capable of being memorized, is history'?
How do moral anti-realists decide what to do?
Probabilty of a coin head on nth toss after a few coind head tosses?
Inference vs. Reasoning
How can I understand "I should email you so that you know that I know that you know that I’ve received your acceptance"?
Does Kant consider extendedness metaphysically (analytic) a priori?
When did Kuhn talk about Aristotle's errors?
How did Plato believe that our senses aren't to be trusted?
What does it take to answer a philosophical question?
How should one reconcile predicate functor logic with Quine's own ontological theory?
Correct Way of Handling A Corollary of A Corollary?
Can I deduce from 10 or more complicated premises mentally?
Without truth tables, how can I deduce that P → Q ≡ ¬P ∨ Q?
Confusion on social conventions
Why isn't the method of listing Terms in syllogisms widespread?
Why is this definition for optimist false: "An optimist is anyone who believes that optimists exist"?
Where is the line drawn on cheating Darwin/genetics? How does one accept this?
What logic does Fitch's paradox use?
Which authors have discussed embarassment in philosophy?
Relations between "natural" and "artificial"
Philosophical feminism and logic
It is oppressive for youths to have laws that prohibit something exclusive to them?
Jean-Paul Sartre freedom question
Why must relativists "allow that there is a subculture of rationalists, who believe that the principles of reasoning are universal"?
Any book/article that talks about a difference in what science achieves and what society wants/needs?
Was early Christianity the Communism of its day?
Does the principle of explosion prove the laws of logic are independent of the mind?
Is there any normative theory within pragmatic ethics?
If-then syllogisms
Did Maurice Mearleau-Ponty really say this quote?
Why are conditionals and disjunctions "consistent with more possibilities than categorical propositions"?
How did Aristotle define induction so incorrectly?
Meaning vs. Significance
Is Buddhism antinatalist?
Is antinatalism against any kind of producing new minds (people)?
Badiou vs. Deleuze - Set Theory vs. Differential Calculus - Limits vs. Infinitesimals
Is current social consensus a proper justification for the status?
How would psychological anti-egoist respond to the following argument?
Cartesian dualist and dualist
What's wrong with the following argument regarding temporal limits?
Are these examples Affirming the consequent fallacy?
How do the Officer's Oath and the Enlisted Oath interact
Does engineering have an intrinsic moral dimension?
Why does striving to achieve my goals make me suffer so?
How does Descartes' "cogito, ergo sum" affect Hume's experienced based epistemology and Kant's transcendental philosophy?
In which book Nietzsche says "es denkt in mir"?
Morality of watching porn
On the determination of scientific consensus
Defining 2 words with respect to each other
Should all religions and science simply be called philosophies?
An intriguing definition of Morality
Does a philosophy become a science once it can be tested?
Is it wrong to keep a friendship with a person who is racist?
Is the folliowing tu quoque a reasonable argument?
which books or essays "Kuhn [1981]" is referred to?
Does utilitarianism justify racism in some circumstances?
Is it possible when two people in a debate "throwing" "logical fallacy" to each other?
Why does the dream argument posit that the senses are untrustworthy when it's the mind that is being tricked?
Can physics be approached from a worldview that's not naturalistic?
Did Tesla hold an absolute idealist philosophy?
Are arguments claiming the impossibility to prove or disprove anything themselves impossible to prove?
Learning Peano's notation
Free will: is reality a record, a game or unpredictable?
Is it true that modern statistics was created to prove eugenics?
How can we know that we're thinking?
Is Marxism akin to science fiction or soothsaying prophecy?
Is time more "real" than math and, if so, why?
Kuhn's essay "Reflections on my critics" is named [1970b] or [1970c]?
Was there a philosophical underpinning that enabled the holocaust?
If there's an physically identical copy of me, is that me?
Was active ignorance the genesis of self awareness?
If something were bad, no consumer in his 80s would be alive... What kind of fallacy is it?
Is there a name for the idea of inherent bias in an authority figure or expert?
doomsday argument -- microstate-vs-macrostate objection
Do future selves have duties to the current self?
Where did the conventional notion of human nature become popularized?
How to show that (P & Q) v (~P v ~ Q) is a theorem in SD
The infinite regress in Galen Strawson's Basic Argument for determinism
What are the logical fallacies of this argument?
Strawson criticism of Austin theory of truth
Are Hume's 'impressions' Kant's 'phenomena'?
Where does Kuhn talks about the five characteristics for the choice of theory?
What did Kuhn exactly say about the inscrutability of reference?
Where did Kuhn write his last thoughts about incommensurability?
Is coherence subjective
Are physical forces a non-entity cause?
From a postmodernist perspective, can societies even change, or exist at all?
Is metaphysics completely subjective?
Is Kuhn referring to Quine's holism while developing his later Semantic Incommensurability Thesis?
What is the difference between anger and violence?
Are there any fascist thinkers who oppose militarism?
Is (almost) every store unethical due to its pricing strategy?
Does the value of truth have an approximation threshold?
The grades of being
Should we think twice about dualism?
What is a non-circular definition of evil?
Without the concept of nothing, would you even know you exist?
Do other animals have conscience?
Is There a World That Exactly Mimics Our Own?
Why do we exist?
how do people pick the letters for syllogistic logic problems?
What was Borges referring to when he said “I have known what the Greeks do not know, incertitude.”?
What kind of incommensurability does Kuhn claim rules out convergent realism?
is perceptual / observational incommensurability equivalent to ontological incommensurability?
Science and philosophy: how to study the issue of mind
Infinite realities: Theoretically if the sun burned out or if all resources were used up, in another universe could it have not happened at all?
Philosophy - Does the block universe theory of time mean that life will repeat after death?
Have philosophers neglected human obligations to other animals?
Authors on the brainwashing of the American People and western world
Is Freedom in existentialism compatible with determinism
What is the relation between slave morality and free spirit in Nietzsche's Genealogy of Morality?
Are all pancomputationalist models for the universe compatible with informational realism?
Is Artificial Intelligence (AI) a measure of a computers intelligence? Or, our own?
Can a relativist also be an absolutist about truth?
Where does the sense of self come from?
Does believing in a Christian God logically imply believing in miracles?
Philosophy - If both the Rebound Universe and Block Universe theories are true would that mean Nietzsche's Eternal Return theory true?
Philosophy - Does Einstein's Block Universe theory prove Nietzsche's Eternal Return theory is true?
Does the no true Scotsman fallacy apply to anti Stalinist etc. communism?
Did 20th-century Marxists acknowledge that the "social science" predictions of Marxism were wrong?
Validity of Authority
Can you divide the natural numbers in half sequentially?
Why is faulty generalization called an informal fallacy?
Philosophy - Is Nietzsche's Eternal Return theory true?
Philosophy - If Space and Time are infinite and therefore infinite copies of us would end up existing, then wouldn't we still be gone after we die?
If time is going to end, then did it have a beginning? How do we know time will end?
What might be the daily experience of someone who does not have an orientation association area?
Is calling someone "stupid" always Ad Hominem fallacy?
Is calling an argument a fallacy, or is the notion of informal fallacy, just a method of manipulation?
Universalizability reductio ad absurdum
Is causality a type of necessary and sufficient condition?
How is it possible to be thankful for what you have?
Can inductive arguments be made in first order logic and, if not, why not?
Time - Does the Big Crunch mean our existence would be cyclical?
Is this nihilism?
Is physics really psychology?
Do anarchists want to eliminate all the power or only juridical one?
Understanding Rawls and Nozick
Reason is the adversary of thinking
Can morality be defined as something that leads to a basic human 'purpose'?
Does the complexity of the world defeat explanation?
Online (pdf) resources on doxastic logic
What arguments are there for arguing that human reproduction (in modern times) is not pointless?
Did Nietzsche say that Dostoevsky "cried truth [from the blood]"?
Does genius always leave us asking "how"?
Given p ⇒ q and m ⇒ p ∨ q, use the Fitch System to prove m ⇒ q
What is the relation between consciousness and thinking?
In the Turing test how can the computer understand the interrogator?
Is logic logic because God defined it as such?
How does philosophy advance despite irreconcilable background assumptions ("positions") on every topic?
Is philosophy mostly a male pursuit and is it a method to attain status?
When does something immoral become morally justifiable?
What is uncomfortable science (Tukey 1954)?
Why is liberalism sometimes portrayed as an enemy to socialism?
Verum or T in dynamic epistemic logic models
Do logic and reasoning need to be validated by an ultimate authority?
Kant's tables, were they ever extended?
Do premises need to be valid conclusions themselves?
Are any ethicists totally unconcerned with the other side of the story?
Consciousness doesn't need your body - a thought experiment
How to prove ¬(p→q) ⊢ p &¬q
Kuhn: in what sense is the changed part of an old taxonomy redefined in terms of an "unchanged part"?
If I use an object to produce an effect, am I the direct or the indirect cause of the effect?
Is there an idea of non-spatial reality in philosophy?
Can the principle of sufficient reason be applied to the whole of existence?
Can we logically prove that anything exists?
How are the actions of conscious beings interpreted in terms of cause and effect?
Is/should "appeal to scientificity" be considered a fallacy?
If we imagine a world that functions without causality, how absurd could it be?
Implication in sentences
In categorical logic, why must any argument with two negative premises be invalid?
Why does one negative premise suffice to imply a negative conclusion?
Good resources for philosophers to learn more about quantum mechanics?
How does the Fallacy of Red Herring relate to 'the only thing that always sticks to the point is a dead insect on display'?
Observing a zero probability event
Why's an acorn's Formal Cause "structural potential to become an oak tree"?
Is there a name for people who believe in a self-professed God but reject to venerate him/her/it?
Are syllogisms independent of humans?
With regard to the methodological incommensurability, does Kuhn talk about astrology?
What argumentative tactic is in play when someone says "The media isn't covering this"?
"Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics" - any future metaphysics except Kant's?
Are human moralities morally objective or subjective or morally skeptic (always ask critical questions)?
Is it possible to be 100% certain of the existence of reality?
How is 'social meaning of an action' a human action's Formal Cause?
Is there a theory that trying to solve intuition and fear at the same time?
How is "I am not inconsistent—I am a pragmatist" an appeal to a higher truth?
Resources on materialism and physicalism?
Is a barber a barber if he doesn't get paid?
Philosophy and Mindset
Were any pre-Socratic philosophers interested in building schools/academies?
How is this Appeal to Pity fallacious and a Red Herring: Our country should never war, because wars corrupt our troops?
How are "goals that we think can be achieved by a good-faith effort within the allotted timetables" fallacies of equivocation and creative thinking?
How's this Equivocation: IQ tests "measure not intelligence, but only the ability to comprehend and manipulate symbols"?
Where's the inconsistency: "first, not enough people get their fair share; and second, our society is too materialistic"?
Will AI make falsifiability obsolete?
Where's the Red Herring in arguing that "I see it as a glass half full rather than as a glass half empty"?
What is the impact of Islamic philosophy on European philosophy and science
Is information causal?
Is perception of time completely subjective?
Is "Why is the sky blue?" a philosophical question or scientific?
Why does Adorno prefer to use the term “morality” rather than “ethics”
What is the relationship between "truth" and logic?
Is Propositional Logic Sound and Complete
Does anyone reject existentialist transcendence?
Could we develop a notion of conceivability that would allow us to imagine impossible/inconsistent/illogical things?
Why is Adorno interested in Kant?
Was philosophy/philosophers involved in any revolutions?
How do epiphenomenalists make sense of discussions about qualia?
Is Ludwig Wittgenstein connected to post-structuralism?
Understanding multiple values in a single cell of a truth table (P v ~Q) as (1 1 0 1) when P and Q are 1
How does structuralism and post-structuralism change the way I read a novel?
Drawing from a box that contains all the Natural numbers
Does functionalism of the mind allow for free will?
How are there at least 2 instances of Post Hoc in "I am opposed to charging tuition. Without tuition-free education, I could never have become mayor"?
If the Universe(s) didn't exist, Would all maths still exist?
What did Adorno think of Nietzsche's critique of morality?
Sentences and reality
What principle of morality can be applied in the case on Hiroshima and Nagasaki World War Bombing?
Propositional content and reference
Architectural Philosophy
The relationship between truth and consistency
If there were only one single mathematician in the world, would s/he be able to produce a mathematical proof?
Is the reiteration rule in formal logic begging the question?
Using logic to exaggerate something
What did Kuhn specifically say about "history for philosophical purposes"?
As someone studying philosophy and applying it to my life with success, how far does one take the ideals learnt?
Is "promoting the survival of humanity" a simple formula for assessing whether a decision is ethical?
Account of Priori knowledge in Critique of Reason
Why was the creation of philosophy so important to contributions in science and human development?
What does it mean to be rational?
What were the changes to philosophy after the second world war?
How does one judge "complexity" of assumptions for the purposes of "best explanation"?
Accuracy vs. Understanding In Science
If a false scientific theory is seemingly 'proven', and contributes to the progress of society, is proving it wrong detrimental?
Could someone help me prove (P → Q) ↔ (~P ∨ Q) follows from (P ∨ Q) ↔ (~P → Q) in sentential logic?
Nature of self-evident statements
Modus Ponens as Substitute for Syllogism
Can someone be a left-wing libertarian and support free speech?
Would the opacity of everyday motivations seriously undermine Kantian CI?
The viability of holding a neo-Aristotelian metaphysics?
Do Nietzsche's values justify some actions?
Is freedom a paradox?
How do mathematicians reconcile that an infinite set does not have to be larger than its proper subset?
Interpretation of Nietzsche's "We have art in order not to die of the truth."
Does one's perception of reality affect reality?
if philosophy didn't exist nor did psychology, could we prove that we think?
In a Descartes square are the statements just the negations of each other?
How can we prove something ethical?
Looking for Sources on Philosophical Discussion of Modern Atomic Theory
In which sense Quine denies that the translated expressions do have a meaning?
Can a ban on certain words be justified rationally?
How might I notate that an entity either cannot have a quality or has all of it?
Do we Desire out of Hope or we Hope out of Desire?
How to keep track of my thoughts
Are there any arguments for why something past-eternal must necessarily be future-eternal as well?
Is there a limit beyond which mathematics, if used correctly, cannot be applied to reality?
How do moral skeptics respond to the concept of permissible heinous acts
Why am I this particular human being?
Where does science end?
How should we understand different knowledge attributions? (epistemic logic)
Where did Kant say that "happiness is not an ideal of reason but of imagination"?
Is there a fallacy name for when someone keeps claiming you're misinterpreting/misunderstanding them if you find a hole in their logic?
Extreme examples for exploring the scope of statements - does this technique have a name? - Is it a fallacy?
Inductive and deductive arguments and mathematical induction
Any references for answering the question: “why does nature seem to follow so simple human-conceived patterns?”
How can we overcome sorrow?
Has the universe no identity?
Fallacy of the arbitrary threshold?
Is there a mathematical framework where both potential and actual infinity are used?
What's the difference between the time-image in Deleuze's Cinema 2 and a film's narrative structure?
What's the difference between philosophy and academic philosophy?
Is it true that 'socialization' solves all problems?
Is 't Hooft cellular automaton compatible with Floridi's Informational (Structural) Realism?
Can physical aspects of the brain reveal everything about what one's subjective experience is like?
What paraconsistent logics are there?
Book Recommendation for Computational Theory of Mind
Cosmology - What are the problems with the theory of Eternal Return?
Is Frankenstein's monster tantamount to positive proof in Science?
How could a computer acquire knowledge of its environment?
Once it happened, an event was necessary?
Philosophy of Science and the nature of observation: what counts as 'observable'?
What is the difference between intellectual freedom and spiritual freedom?
Can you prove a scientific theory is true?
Are mathematical results influenced by the way we reason?
When someone responds to an argument by changing the subject, what fallacy are they using?
What is the purpose of showing our emotions?
Forms vs. universals for Aristotle
Is there a single definition of truth?
About Aaron Snyder, The Paradox of Determinism
He hasn't found the false positive yet, but he is committing a logical fallacy. What is the fallacy?
Can paraconsistent or other logics make the impossible happen?
Is this a good argument against Simulation and Brain in a Vat hypotheses?
How are professors, not of philosophy, familiar with so much philosophy?
Are obscurantists unethically self-indulgent, uncharitable in not writing more readably?
Ought someone reading philosophy for fun skip obscurantist primary sources?
'Thanks, but no thanks' - God and my existence
For a clairvoyant able to perceive time as we perceive space, is the future determined?
Is This An Example of the Straw Man Fallacy or Something Else Entirely? If So, What Fallacy Is It?
Is This Proof of Existence and a Solution to P=NP Problem?
How do we define a bad person?
How to prove P ∨ Q : ~ (~P & ~Q) with natural deduction
The Euthyphro Dilemma (complete philosophy newbie here)
According to Descartes, the mind and body communicate through a tiny part of the brain (the pineal gland) where the 'common sense' is located
Is psychologism still a thing? What are common rejections of psychologism?
Are A series and B series actually about time or only about language?
Are there philosophers who have considered free will for agents who are not considered rational?
If-then syllogism and multiple conditionals
How do logicians think about Hegel's logic
Can myth be a part of philosophy?
What do contemporay philosophers say about Hegel's aesthetics beyond interpretation?
How does Thus Spoke Zarathustra conclude?
Peter Lipton's response to Stanford's problem of unconceived alternatives/ 'underconsideration'
Does Plato think there is a anti-social/non-pragmatic danger in the study of mathematics?
Understanding the simulation argument
How can I apply logical positivism in the philosophy of education?
Agnostic theism and agnostic atheism and their validity
Half Full/Empty Paradox
Is being something and not any other thing a necessary and sufficient condition of existence?
Did fiction actually give new ideas to philosophy which have been investigated by academics and studied further?
Is potential real?
What is the meaning of the term 'eúnoia'?
argument for causing species extinction is a moral wrong
How can I use logical positivism in the philosophy of education?
Is there a philosophical description or analogy for the concept that it is better to be a master of one trade than a jack of all trades?
How can social philosophy deviate from mere opinions/views?
Is atheism about the existence of Deities or a personal perception of Sacredness?
Are mathematics and philosophy in contradiction here?
Can we introduce a comparative study between mathematics & philosophy here?
What is Light in Berkeley's Metaphysics?
What is the difference between a conditional and material implication?
Can a culture exist without icons?
Looking for a place to start with 'ideology' and 'autonomy' in literary criticism, especially so called "moral criticism"
syllogism, truth-functional, or neither?
Can my attitude kill you?
Proof that red and blue are different
Is "all truth is relative" an absolute truth?
Is there an English language example where modus tollens is valid but contraposition is not valid?
Reversal of moral orientation?
Is there any logical system/method where impossible/illogical/inconsistent things can exist (like a solution to Russell's paradox that makes sense)?
Conceptions of Free Will
Is it possible to define argument validity as a formula?
Examples of rock, paper, scissors in society?
Can "knowledge" only be synthetic according to Kant?
Can my attitude kill you? Part 2
Understanding Curry's Paradox
Are there philosophers working with the idea of language being ideological?
Is Solipsism self-defeating?
Weren't there any philosophers from Africa,America, Middle East before Socrates?
What did C. S. Peirce mean by this remark about the phrase "necessary and sufficient condition"?
Can something be really random?
Are there specifically Buddhist arguments against the eternal return of the same?
Did Ancient Greeks believed that only God can give Agape Love, the unconditional love for everyone?
Does quantum mechanics imply some kind of panpsychism?
Who said that questions can only be asked if the askers roughly knows the answers?
Implication vs sufficient condition vs hypothetical reasoning
Trying to Understand Quote by Nietzsche
Why can we not reduce necessity to analyticity?
Is there a scenario before the formation of the world?
What makes epistemology unscientific?
Information about Satan
Acute or chronic suffering and pain: does anyone talk about their difference?
quantified propositional logic and predicate logic
What fallacy falsely assumes knowledge of an unethical act?
Categorical imperative defeating division of labor?
Did Wyndham Lewis' (painter and writer) claim that modernism was (just?) morality gone wrong, and would what Adorno say?
How are workers exploited when they have a choice in working for a boss?
Does moral anti-realism preclude anyone from being a better judge of value?
Some questions regarding knowledge
Combining causal and identity relations
How do we define an object as existing in nature?
Is there some way to distinguish between "better" and "worse" political ideologies on some general level?
Regardless of whether God exists, should humans separate their ethical views and moral behavior from religion?
fear of initiating the conversation.
If nature is inherently imprecise, how is it so easy for us to conceptualize mathematical certainties?
What to read for an introduction on the epistemology of logic?
Irrational statement: If you believe in one ______, you'll probably believe in another
Basic Logic: True Premises, False Conclusion?
What good is it to ground morality?
Authors that wrote on how to look for the truth efficiently?
Understanding hypothetical reasoning and material implication
Can any logic system provide the impossible solution to Russell's paradox in naive set theory?
How can laissez-faire capitalism not turn to corporatocracy?
Is a set containing itself already a paradox?
Kuhn's essay "What are scientific revolutions?", when was it published for the first time?
How is the "I" the universe?
How did subjectivity change with capitalism?
Is Western atheism a kind of Protestant religion?
Did any philosophers in the middle ages and before tackle depression or suicide?
Is there a name for the fallacy where you pretend some universal fact is particular evidence for your claim?
Hypothetical syllogism
Does the concept of Axis Mundi imply the idea of a symmetric universe?
Why the Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus was/is so groundbreaking?
History of philosophy - not chronological but thematic
What (who) to read before reading Kant
Where dows Kuhn talk about intension of concepts?
The preconditions of being
**Choose Choice**
Ignorance vs Knowledge - What should one strive for to live a happy life?
What are the current best explanations as to why does division of labor work?
How to reconcile the understanding of pain in Buddhism with that of Kabbalah?
Is the whole debate Kuhn-Popper contained in "Criticism and Growth of Knowledge"?
What's the meaning of the meaning of life?
~(P&Q) derive to ~Pv~Q
In Postmodernism, why is irony "the only option"?
What role does "DESIRE" play in materialistic determinism?
Why did Baudrillard regard 'terrorism as fashion and the media'?
Do all "meta" questions within philosophy reduce to descriptive and normative?
Where does Marsilio Ficino write that all nations refer to God with a four-letter name?
John Ruskin "They are the weakest-minded and the hardest-hearted men that most love change"
What is use-value according to Marx and why is it what is valuable in a commodity?
What is the relationship between consciousness and intelligence?
Can utilitarianism make anything moral if someone profits enough from it?
Is it possible to know the truth value of a statement without knowing any information about that statement?
Who came up with the notion of a properly basic belief?
In comparing Existentialism with Postmodernism, what do 'process', 'essence', 'authenticity' mean?
What does a postmodernist mean by us having "no ‘essence’" and being ‘in process’?
Are the following statements necessarily true, necessarily false, empirically true, or empirically false?
Basic Logic: Presuming Truth
Why is Utilitarianism called an unfalsifiable ethic?
What are "correct" relationships between subjective preferences and collective needs?
Is this passage about different reading speeds an argument?
Is metonym, the figure of speech, about two things, like metaphor is?
Syntactic and semantic eliminability/conservativeness
What paradox/fallacy is this?
How does Aristotle analyse justice in Nicomachean Ethics, V?
Term or phrase for "widening definition(s) to find a signal"
How does Plotinus view body going in soul?
no matter how large the environment one considers
Is there a truth value for a predictive conditional?
Ethics vs manipulation: Is it ethical to manipulate and is ethics a form of manipulation?
Is Tarski's schema T trivial?
Is it impossible to create a truly secular society?
Genuine singular term vs. non genuine singular term
Logic Either..Or
Why cannot the following theory be refuted by logic but is rejected because of lack of empirical support?
What would be the correct abstraction for Thing and Action?
Is it problematic to use indeterministic models for deterministic processes
When do critical perspectives hinder the development of science?
Does anyone really know that they're conscious?
Derive |- [(P>Q)>P]>P using only primitive rules
Can we look forward to being dead?
If the universe doesn't exist, can mind still exist?
What pushes life to live?
How is the argument "I love all logic, but I don’t love deductive reasoning. Therefore, the moon is made of green cheese." valid?
Describing differences between "computational" and "non-computational" proofs
Basic Logic: Arguments with Unnecessary Premise
On Darwin's Deduction
Is this a paradox about clairvoyance?
Do Alexius Meinong's impossible worlds describe all impossible worlds/things?
Is there the creator overseeing us all. How does He do that?
Moral skepticism and "walking the talk"
How is "~A. Therefore A -> B" a valid argument?
Was Hegel a Neoplatonist?
Paradoxical definition?
Are There Alternatives to Determinism and Stochasticism?
How do I know the philosophy I'm going to read is something new for me and not just a waste of time?
Where did Rorty claim no essential difference between Philosophy and Literary Criticism/Theory?
How do marxists account for the value of land?
My first thought is always: I AM
Is science a religion?
How can infinity become actual?
How do I operate with philosophers if I reject deductive reasoning?
What are the most reliable analyses of Stirner's intellectual context?
How does free will give life “meaning”?
Philosophical approaches for a response to rape
What is an example of a predictive conditional?
What are the main errors of Bertrand Russell's A History of Western Philosophy?
Prove transitivity in Fitch
How does regret work for the people who have lost their memories, by accident or some other reasons?
Is it possible to make sense of reality that is independent 'our understanding'
Did Aristotle believe in an immortal soul?
IF, THEN and exceptions
Anyone defined the geometric point before Aristotle?
What does Focault mean by “space”?
Knowledge without a belief: do infants have beliefs?
Does Hume reject the possibility of is-ought syllogisms?
Why was music such a fascination for philosophers and mathematicians alike?
Can an argument be formally valid with sound premises and still be informally fallacious?
Why is questioning everything around us so important?
Can we control our emotions?
Is this a limit of naive atomism?
Is circular reasoning always a fallacy?
What is fair in this example and why?
What is the relationship between memory and free will?
Why did different cultures develop different philosophies?
Consciousness and Spacetime
Is arguing that one's opponent has "no evidence" an example of some identified logical fallacy?
Hume and the notion of causation
What are the best translations of Descartes books?
Classifying Arrogance
What hisorical time period does Kuhn's "pre-paradigm state" correspond?
Really original ideas in philosophy papers?
Can I get more background on quote from Democritus?
'What to do?' versus 'Who to be?' and the focus of moral philosophy
Can infinity have a beginning?
Is there any way to have substance dualism without invoking God?
You disagree with me, therefore you are X. What is the name of this fallacy (manipulative trick)?
Is there a theory about time traveling without paradox or multiple universes?
If nothing happens, does time still pass?
Why do the limits to the computation of the universe appear to us as fundamental physical constants?
When we talk about a general concept, we imagine a particular instance
If Descartes was not a ‘Cartesian’ dualist, who was?
Is this event undetermined?
Differences and similarities between Kuhn and Quine about the indeterminacy of translation
Does this symbolic logic proof work?
Is Plato contradicting himself in the Republic?
Multidimensional value money
What did Kant think about The Doctrine of Philosophical Necessity?
Is there any literature discussing whether all conscious entities are separate, discrete experiencers or a single experiencer?
What is the difference between ampliative, abductive and inductive arguments?
Are propositions of logic for the tractarian Wittgenstein "sinnlos satze"?
What is Quine's perspective on probability?
Why does science assume there is no metaphysical cause?
Why is belief necessary for justified true belief?
Does calling myself immoral free me from any moral responsibility?
Did Plato not believe in institution of marriage?
Are there any sources dealing with Clark's *Without Evidence or Argument: A Defense of Reformed Epistemology*?
Relation between the inauthentic mode of existence and indifference to other people's subjectivity
What is the Lange's viewpoint on laws of nature?
Does Descartes identify stimulus, perception and interpretation?
Is anecdotal evidence enough to counter a broad generalization?
Buddhism and soul
In which sense does Kuhn acknowledge the importance of metaphors in science?
Hume: excavating the is/ ought gap
What does 'semantic blindness' mean here?
meaning of (r .⊃. s ⊃ r) [the syntax meaning]
What does Nietzsche mean by a philosopher betraying something of his own ideal when he asserts what the greatest person is like?
Proof from tree to steps
In which context does "Idealism" mean "non-corporeal substance"?
Books on the logic of science
Can randomness be random?
Do philosophers think ethics can't be based on our wishes?
Concept Formation
Why are legal and moral responsibilities said to be different?
Can I truly express my thoughts?
Is ordinary language philosophy dead?
Is there a name for a position that governments could be replaced with voluntary organizations?
Can anything be less than one?
Why does Humean supervenience fail in quantum mechanics?
Is there such a thing as unary logic?
What is an example of a monadic predicate calculus argument that cannot be represented by the 19 classical Aristotelian syllogisms alone?
What's the difference between logical modalities and physical modalities?
Can the phrase 'pain is unpleasant' be classified as a fundamental truth of life on earth?
What are the most popular introductory logic textbooks, and what sets them apart from each other?
What did Nietzsche mean when he said "The charm of knowledge would be small ..."?
Could the existence of just 5Ws+H (who, what, where, when, why, how) limit us in our search for answers
Could "I" become consciousness as someone else in the future?
What version of Objectivism makes this claim?
Is Levinas using an original form of causation?
Does an infinitesimal instant of time have zero duration?
What is the basis of the belief that words themselves can be hurtful and verbal aggression should be weeded out?
Buddhist canon database
What are arguments against the option of immortality?
How do Marxists account for depreciating value of commodities
Can there be different levels of evil to a thought?
Can anybody list all the religion? Or the most commonly known. Also, what to they practice or follow?
Łukasiewicz & statements about the past
How do I believe in free will?
How should I live when there are so many moral philosophies?
Does normative ethics apply to moral anti-realism?
Badiou’s categorization of spheres of Truths
Dynamic concept of "truth"
What is the impact of video games on philosophy?
What will future generations condemn us for?
Is "(1) All humans are mortal. (2) Socrates is mortal. Conclusion: Socrates is human." unsound argument?
What sort of philosophy does this come into?
What are the implications of relativity of Mathematics?
Allegory of the cave and Forms?
Is concept abstract or concrete noun
Whose ideas are most influential for European Convention on Human Rights?
How can a person truly love another if hard determinism is true?
How to categorize a certain pattern of argumentation?
Is Aristotle's "Animal Soul" the immune system?
Does anyone have a proof checker they prefer using for modal logic?
How is the mortgage crisis of 2008–2010 an example of Cognitivism?
In logic, do propositions default to true or false when objects in them do not exist?
If hard determinism is true, why should we try to better ourselves?
What's important about Cognitivism and Non-cognitivism?
Is essentialism compatible with naturalism?
Existentialism and bad faith
Prichard’s Arguments Why Moral Duty is Irreducible
What is “limited free will”?
Gun control and classical liberalism
Can causally unconnected things become causally connected?
Understanding McDowell's Mind and World
Question about Chidi from The Good Place...SPOILER
Does antinatalism carry the seeds of its own destruction?
In a multiverse is it more likely that a universe is created by an intelligent being rather than chance?
What is frequentism?
Is there a better word than "equity" to describe fairness, equal rights and inclusive positive behaviour towards other people?
Are there degrees of rationality/plausibility to assumptions?
Mathematical Consensus
What is the principle of underdetermination?
Logical fallacy -- discrediting someone because they do something you agree with
Does relationism resolve the Sorites paradox?
Does emergent dualism solve the problem of brain damage without resorting to interactionist dualism?
Is it an issue to not have read major works when going into Philosophy graduate school (history of ideas)
Why did Scientists still follow Newton's scientific framework, even though Kant debunked it?
What does the term "ego" really mean?
From ethical actions to ethical goals, from the Commandments/Beatitudes to the New Jerusalem?
Can an eternalist think that pastness and futureness are properties?
Why can't we learn what we are not interested in?
What is the difference between the "is" of predication and the "is" of identity?
Do descendants bear moral responsibility for the actions of their ancestors?
2 simple Formal Fitch Proofs
Confused by "there are [no] necessary truths. Therefore intuition has no epistemic role to play."
How does Aristotle argue for his claim that all humans are essentially social/political?
How could we get a world where only impossible things happen?
How to prove ~ (~P & ~Q) : P ∨ Q by natural deduction
Areas under studied in the history of philosophy?
How can substance dualism survive the arguments from neuroscience?
First Critique Edition with both Akademie numbers and A/B numbers?
How can one solve the problem of telekinesis in interactionist dualism?
How can God be temporal if he never began?
Could life and the world really be an electronic game being played in "eternity"?
What is John Locke's basic idea of individuality?
How can Epiphenomenalism explain the brain's belief in the mind without invoking divine intervention?
Is first order logic with fixed domain of discourse decidable?
“Space” according to Bertrand Russell
Did illuminists explicitly say that science would set man free?
Specific questions from reading Russell's “The Problems of Philosophy”
Why do humans make infants?
Does philosophy shed any light on how parties can fruitfully debate without an agreed source of truth?
Why do we think objects and beings are real?
How did Fitch's opposition to the Russell-Whitehead theory of types turn out since the 1950's?
Are Statements with Existential Quantifiers General or Particular?
Descartes and embodiment
Can dasein repeat without a time
Is there a rigorous definition of ‘everything’?
Does Valberg's "personal horizon" entail life after death?
Why does modal logic need to use ◻◻p?
Which philosophers were the strongest supporters of individual privacy?
‘The claim that I had an affair with Miss A and that I didn’t father her child is false’
Can a reason cost 5 dollars?
How to denote physical (not logical) impossibility in modal logic?
Why are physical laws so simple?
On the universal and preconception in stoic logic: the word "natural" (naturale) from Diog. L., VII, 54
Is being omnipresent of each person of the Trinity contradictory?
Is there any correlation between numbers and sensory experience?
What does predicative mean?
For substance dualism, what are some solutions regarding how the physical can affect the mental without invoking Divine intervention?
What is the name for half-baked understanding of philosophies?
What's a Good Introduction/Summary to Probabilistic Logic?
Is the question of moral responsibility a valid one against determinism?
How, in layman's terms, does one argue against solipsism and/or the denial of Occam's razor?
Is it impossible for two people to experience the same event?
Is there any worth—other than historical—to reading Aristotle's works on logic?
Can we ask an infinite amount of questions or is there a limit to how many questions we can ask?
Is this a solution to the disjunction problem of causal representation?
How to derive (∃x)(y)(Ax ⊃ By) from (x)Ax ⊃ (y)By?
Are analogies logical arguments?
Why should life have any more value than death?
Is value purely based on preference?
Worshiping Jesus and saints
If the universe evolves according to mathematical laws, does that imply God exists?
Is 'veganism' a settled issue in Philosophy and Ethics?
can you rationally believe in an ever changing identity, but also believe that parts of us persevere?
Are thoughts qualia?
if only one thing exists, nothing exists?
Are there any certainties besides "Cogito, ergo sum"?
Can emergent substance dualism account for why creatures have consciousness without invoking a divinity giving it to them?
McGee's Counterexample to Modus Ponens
Was Jan Smuts the father of Holism?
What exactly is Kant's argument for the universality of judgements of beauty?
In the Critique of Pure Reason, what is the difference between "schema" and "synthesis"?
How to think about exploiting the body of a dead slave
Why does Russell's writing suggest that Kant was right about mathematics being synthetic a priori?
How to translate classical logic to basic Kripkean logic?
Aristotle's Categories with academic commentary
Logic related to Cantor's argument
Introduction to Heidegger
Does Quantum vs Classical Reality implicate contradictions in mathematical models
When confronted with early Islamic philosophy, would one's time be better spent just reading Aristotle, Plato, Plotinus?
How would you define ‘existence’?
Is there a hybrid between non-cognitivism and cognitivism?
Why does Wittgenstein think there are no genuine philosophical questions?
How is the theory of divine revelation coherent?
Why does Parmenides impose a limit on his Being?
What analytic philosophers were concerned with meaninglessness?
unanswerable questions
Are the Bohmian and Copenhagen interpretations of QM isomorphic?
Natural sociality in Rousseau and Aristotle
Does rejecting the law of the excluded middle mean rejecting it for all propositions or only for those one cannot derive?
How does Martin Heidegger want us to react to anxiety?
How do you prove B v A |- A v B?
Why might one prefer rule utilitarianism over act utilitarianism?
How does one go about proving (A&B)⊃C |- A⊃(B⊃C)?
A question on logical positivism and pragmatism with regards to meaning of a statement
What are some of the most successful responses to van Fraassen's "bad lot" argument against explanatory inference?
How do you talk about unclear or indefinite statements
In which of Locke's works lay the bulk of his Social Contract?
Was Nietzsche against hedonism?
What philosophy or philosophy branch can the following quote be attributed to?
The Gettier problem
Can possible-but-non-actual objects have accidental properties?
Question about the "catch-all" hypothesis as a response to the "bad lot" objection
Universe as a container; Critique of the Kalam Cosmological Argument?
Which movement was Karl Popper talking about?
Does god know what comes after his death?
Is this argument valid?
How to get proof using proof editor and checker
Is Philosophy still useful in the modern era?
Is it possible to live a life in which we never ever tell a lie?
Logic vs Deity: does one supersede the other?
Authors on Truth over Illusion to achieve happiness
What is the physicalist response to the explanatory gap for conciousness?
Is there any serious overlap between Philosophy and Psychology?
Does Philosophy benefit from parsimony?
Objectivist Aesthetics and the Jungian Archetypes
What was the scholastic position on Monarchy?
How does Hume's conception of impressions and ideas lead him to argue that causality can only be probabilistic?
Is Wittgenstein mocking someone in the Tractatus?
How do the premises support the conclusion in this argument?
What are some non-living things that can spontaneously increase their complexity?
Foucault and scientific revolutions
Is complete isolation possible?
Recommendation: Second Order Logic textbook
Is epiphenomenalism compatible with free will?
What does Latour mean by (-/non/post/)modernism?
How are the assumptions underlying logic chosen?
Explain kant's conception of causality as an a priori category prescribed by the understanding to all possible objects of experience?
Mathematical structuralism and Saussure
do virtue ethics, deontology, and consequentialism all just assume their sets of preferences?
Marx and teleology : what has happened, what will happen, or what could happen?
Circularity in identity definition
Does theism imply worship?
Francis Bacon and mechanical mind
What is the relevance of Kripke’s modal argument against Frege’s description theory of names?
Does Tegmark's Mathematical Universe hypothesis allow existence of alternative mathematics?
What are "Concepts" according to Hilary Putnam?
How can I learn the huge source of philosophical jargon?
Imaginary part of the world behind the event horizon
Are there fallacies in the gratitude to something horrible and attributing to their current success or self?
What is the difference between 'socialism' and 'communism'?
Did Heidegger talk about malice at all?
Why did Hartshorne believe in God?
Is the Christian view of eternal life an epistemic mistake if no aspect of us exists after death?
How did Hartshorne make the idea of perfection rationally conceivable?
Does free will contradict the theory of infinite universes
Non-science according to Popper's Criterion for Demarcation
What is a Turing Machine having Probabilistic Automation?
Is there a name for the fallacy: 1/100 chance == 100 times guaranteed success?
In which writings does Charles Sanders Peirce generalize the idea of freedom so that it applies to all creatures?
Can infinity be made finite in certain conditions?
Can / Should Philosophy be made more 'accessible'?
How is Kantian's Universality Formulation identical to his Humanity Formulation (Principle of Ends)?
Are there examples of when verificationism doesn't hold in Physics?
Kierkegaard and Natural Sciences
What modern, nonspecialist translations of Boethius, "The Consolation of Philosophy", are available?
Is social status a real thing?
Is God free to make decisions?
How does one prove ‘(B→C)→¬A’ from ‘(A→B)∨C’ and ‘(A→¬C)’ in Fitch?
Discipline and Punish: what does Foucault mean by genetic accumulation?
"No one is evil/guilty". Anyone who held this position?
Authors who link religions to Plato's Noble lie
What is compactness?
Can philosophy make predictions?
What are qualia, the feeling on the skin of heat from a fire, or the fire itself?
Is the Timaeus philosophically relevant?
Can we define this set?
Is life a logical consequence of matter reacting to other matter within an endless reoccuring of ‘life-friendly’ natural conditions?
Philosophical way to look at classical interpretation of probability
Is there a fundamental difference between hypothetical explanations in sociology and natural sciences?
What if the words ‘son’ and ‘daughter’ in Germannic languages are cognates of (and Maybe originate from) forms for sun and morning?
What grounds did Spinoza give for the legitimacy of government?
Clarification of mental states
What is the empirical basis for justifying mathematics?
Can you adequately discuss Philosophy, without doing philosophy?
Is altruism a contradiction?
How does the golden rule apply in the case of reporting someone for a crime?
Authors on wars making societies evolve
How can I do my philosophy privately and independently?
Random Emergence
Democracy of Education by John Dewey
Would Popper have argued that a coin toss is indeterministic?
Did David Deutsch really disprove the Simulation Hypothesis?
Are all good deeds selfish?
What is the relationship between Autonomy and Virtue for Kant?
How can substance dualism (Cartesian) explain how the mind is affected from brain damage?
John Dewey Interest and Discipline
Given the supplied definitions, which has broader scope: pantheism or panentheism?
How does autonomy as defined by Kant relate to respect for others?
Would logic be respected if we assume that the God's omniscience includes the ability to DIRECTLY OBSERVE future events?
What criteria does Frank Jackson give in order to assert the negation of a conditional?
Does hiding a truth constitute lying?
Completeness/Soundess of Second Order Logic
wouldn't Psychophysical Parallelism require an explanation as to why the mind and body correlate?
Is free will required in order to differentiate between the subconscious and the conscious?
Objectivity in science
Are there objective-criteria for criticizing people's "market behavior"?
Article on Daniel Dennett's view of the mind-body problem?
Let's suppose that life is happening by itself, how we can verify if it is really the case?
Why did Hegel consider Kant's definition of marriage crude and shameful?
Was Nietzsche's project a complete failure?
What is the subject of Tractatus by Wittgenstein?
What would a fractal universe tell us about Time?
What are the key points Thomas Nagel makes in his article "Moral Conflict and Political Legitimacy"?
Objectivity and subjectivity
Can “free will is an illusion” be proven logically?
How do you prove law of excluded middle using tertium non datur?
Schopenauer's critique of Kant: the distinction between knowledge of perception from abstract knowledge
Does Heidegger ever develop his distinction between modern and traditional technology in detail?
Are there "partially explosive" logics?
Authors on leaders, leadership, and the crave for power
Is logic a consequence of structure of language i.e. syntax?
How valid is it to use concepts like "fundamentals", "origins" etc.? When are they valid?
Have we become less happy in this age of technology?
According to Hasker's emergent dualism, why does the mind have to be spatial?
What is the biological logic behind the respect of the dead?
Are there infinitely many "unique" mathematical concepts?
What is the difference between existentialism, nihilism and absurdism?
In what sense is Gabriel Marcel an existentialist?
Ernesto Laclau: 'Any repetition that is governed by a structural law of successions is space'
Is it inappropriate for politicians to make rules governing scientific research?
Where do thoughts come from?
Is this an Affirming the Consequent fallacy?
What books are imperative to understand Philosophy of Mind?
Is there a summary of Russell’s Principia Mathematica?
Would it be possible for a mind to replicate itself in Cartesian substance dualism?
How does commodity fetishism appear to individuals?
Making Moral Judgement: Thick Concepts versus Normative Concepts
According to Cartesian substance dualism, would it be possible for an individual's mind to be replaced by another mind?
Why are there sixty seconds in one minute and sixty minutes in one hour, but sixty hours do not equal one day?
Humanitarianism of increasing world efficiency
How to solve the derivation?
Does it matter if we never achieve the results of our being good?
Is there any study about how half-baked philosophies encourage maladaptive thoughts?
Can Hasker's emergent dualism work (in principle) with a non-spatial mind without energy?
Is selfishness the ultimate form of liberation?
What did Nietzsche mean when he said "There is an enormous strain and distance between envy and friendship, between self-contempt and pride"?
Environmental ethics: Term or Paradigm
According to substance mind body dualism are memories formed in the brain?
If our world is mathematical، Does not this increase the probability of being complex as well?
Could Nietzsche read English and French?
Does Psychology benefit Philosophy?
Was there any of the need, which was not recognized as need, but accidentally allowed to ease any of the desired action/conformation?
Can a universal law be disproved?
When would someone not have free will?
What is evidence?
Can anyone translate this paragraph from Joseph Glanvill's "The Vanity of Dogmatizing" into simple English?
What are the philosophical implications of using inconsistent mathematics?
Do mathematicians use logic when adding things up?
What does Marx mean in the quote from the bible?
Does a material cause either depend on its effect or appear to be somehow self-sufficient?
Establishing validity of ◊(∃x)◻[(E!x ⊃ Ox) & E!x]/ ∴ (∃x)◻[(E!x ⊃ Ox) & E!x]
If you know something has the potential to be sentient is it unethical to intentionally prevent it from gaining sentience?
Is there really a "right" answer?
Thick Concepts versus Normative Concepts
Is mathematics something real or just an abstraction we created?
can a dog give consent?
How to stay up-to-date on modern philosophy?
Symbolic Conditional Help
Are there contemporary adherents to this view about systemised ethics?
Are all unobservables in physics very small?
Conditional IFF - Not sure what's wrong
Is it okay to have multiple aims?
Correcting a causal paradox via "simulating the cause?"
Does the concept of a God who is both immanent and transcendent originate with Plotinus?
How ancient is 'Philosophy'?
Does a priori knowledge exist and can we prove objectivity through it?
What is the difference between 'immoral', 'amoral' and 'non-moral' ('unmoral')?
Are forms of discrimination necessarily wrong? Why wouldn't discrimination serve a "developmental" purpose?
Must an eternal object be uncaused?
Is globalization immoral?
Does Tegmark himself include paraconsistent mathematical structures in his mathematical multiverse hypothesis?
Superiority of the concept as opposed to synthetic apperception
English translation of Descartes's Notae in Programma Quoddam?
Experiment to test for the existence of free will and randomness
What is the justification for closing a whole branch in a modal truth tree diagram if there is a contradiction in only one world?
What is the connection between Schopenhauer’s “steam valve” and Plato’s “cave”?
Is it rationally possible to believe in a sensationless soul after death?
Is there an African philosophy?
Modern Epicureanism
What is Buddhism: and have any Western philosophers got anything ineffable across?
What did Rawls mean: "rewarding moral desert as a first principle would be like having the institution of property to punish thieves"?
Authors on Transhumanism ending humanity as we know it
Can results be predicted?
Do good explanations have to be true?
What do multiverse hypotheses say about why our multiverse has its particular attributes?
How to prove : (( P → Q ) ∨ ( Q → R )) by natural deduction
Why can one not draw a world in modal logic given necessity?
Why does Hart find Nozick's refutation of utilitarianism paradoxical?
What fallacy uses two different standards for comparisons?
Is Occam's razor about finding the "Best" or the "Worst"?
What is the most basic thing?
What is the counterexample in modal system K for "⬜A ➡A"?
Anti-Positivist Texts
The definition of "scientific community"?
Can something proved by contradiction always be proved without a proof by contradiction?
Arendt on Factual Truth in "Truth and Politics"
If I cannot draw a world in a truth tree in modal logic does that mean that no other worlds exist for that statement?
Can Schmidhuber's hypothesis reproduce all types of universes? And Wheeler's it from bit? Or Weizsäcker's ur-theory?
Variation of Ontological argument
Are there any good philosophical arguments for or against Cantor's theorem, other than the ones that Cantor came up with?
Is there a concept that relates to the idea of a "snuck premise"?
What other philosophers I read before taking a class on “being and time”
What does it mean for things in the universe to no longer be totally ordered?
Is there anything on early to mid Foucault and structuralism?
Does following logic necessarily require one to conclude that they are objective and have no bias?
Would we choose to become psychopaths if we could?
Proof of objective moral values
Can Frege overcome Russell's critique in "On denoting"?
What does it mean for a process that at least one of its causal factors lie in the future?
Why did Feyerabend criticize scientists like Feynman and Schwinger given his philosophy?
Are virtues non-relational?
Fitch Biconditional Proof Help?
Authors who think war and violence are part of the American culture and economy
Has anyone claimed that no decision is inherently better or more rational than any other decision?
Why do we need any foundations at all?
Is there a logical fallacy for rejecting "A not B, because A precludes B?"
Monads, souls and rational souls
Fitch Proof by Contradiction help
What exactly is "logical justification"?
What Are Some Recurring Questions/Themes That Are Explored or Argued for in Renaissance Philosophy?
Can good come from war?
What's wrong with the logic in the following ''paradox''?
Regarding Derrida's "Aporias" and "waiting for the other"
What argument styles have only recently been labelled fallacies?
'How to become what you are' supposing Foucault is right about the body?
Examples of entropy
If descriptions can be objective, then can prescriptions be objective too?
Philosophically, is it morally wrong for someone to masturbate to images or videos of children?
What would Kant do in this situation of a drowning child in the pond?
What logical fallacy is "If you don't like it, move!"?
Nietzsche's departure from Schopenhauer
"Idea of Power" - Locke and Hume
Is it ethical to try to convince someone of something without explicitly letting them know what that is?
What does it mean to say that the relation between evidence and hypotheses is "syntactic"?
What was the "almost new domain of dangerous knowledge" in Beyond Good & Evil?
Innateness - Locke's Criticism - Comprehending a philosophical text
How did Wittgenstein become interested in the philosophy of language?
Can the conclusion of an inductive argument be that there is only one exception to the list of evidentiary claims?
Can we adopt a certain perspective without subjective experience?
Seeking clarification of how an argument from Aristotle is found fallacious using Frege's quantification tools
Symbolic Logic - Quantifier Proof (w/ Conditionals)
Term for a phrase meant to end an argument.
Social theory of science?
Should a crime against an adult automatically be a crime against a child?
Mathematics and disagreements
Pandeism vs. Atheism vs. Darwinism: Do they achieve the same result?
Analogy and hypothetical reasoning
Is accusing an opponent of committing any fallacy a red herring?
Can substance dualism (Cartesian) account for split consciousness?
Is there a term for the belief that what is popular in society defines what is moral?
What does money do to a person?
Does understanding require momentary belief?
Are there any book recommendations for my philosophy teacher?
Secondary texts on Dennett's "Quining Qualia"?
Looking for a book to compliment Zammito and Mohanty in understanding the ethos of post positivistic realism
Difficulty with understanding the semantics of the following equivalences
How to prove ‘∃xP(x)’ from ‘¬∀x(P(x)→Q(x))’
Has anyone analyzed the possibility or impossibility of communism as an aporia?
What is the difficulty with the concept of pleasure that Anscombe claims Ryle addressed?
Have any modern philosophers redone Descartes' Meditations?
What is the best proof that 1+1=2 by a person who was not Bertrand Russell?
What is Searle's argument against machine functionalism?
Has the philosophy of technology's impact on human life so far been studied?
Is not-being or is ist not?
Is there a difference between utilitarianism and consequentialism?
In Fitch, how does one prove “P” from the premise “(¬P ∨ Q)→P”?
What would Nietzsche think of Taoism?
Translation from English to FOL
language logic and proof chapter 12 question 49 and question 50
language proof and logic chapter 13 question 49 Help
What is the difference between object, concept and Gestalt?
Is the study of IQ an example of greedy reductionism?
Can we experience the same world, event or place in the same way regardless of our senses?
Enhancements in type- and property-perfecting sports
What would be an intuitive understanding of Peirce's law?
Request for references: Moral values as the result of minimizing friction
Absolutism vs. Objectivism vs. Subjectivism vs. Relativism, in an ethical or epistemological context
Is rhetoric philosophy?
Classical liberalism and libertarianism
Does a behavior/ideology need to be before it can be moral?
Explaining the Termination Risk of Simulation Technologies
Would Carl Jung be considered a postmodernist?
Language proof and logic Chapter 15 question 16 help
Schopenhauer on the unworthiness of life
In Fitch, how does one prove ¬(B ∧ C) from two premises (A → ¬B) and (¬A → ¬C)
Language proof and logic Chapter 15 question 21 how?
Which philosophers would argue that hard determinism makes life more purposeful than randomness?
If I saw UFOs, and I was of sound mind and body, does that give the right to say that it is true?
Are there toxic ideas?
References discussing self-evident truths?
How is it possible to accept non-rational beliefs?
Mind Dependence vs. Case by Case
What fallacy is this? "People were wrong before, so they're likely wrong now too"
~(~P&Q) & ~(P&Q) : Prove ~Q
What is the difference between inference and deduction?
free will without evil
How do philosophical movements form? Never understood how something like logical empiricism becomes a "movement"?
Was Hume a sophist?
Aristotle on assisted suicide
Are prescriptions truth-apt?
AGI and Quine's conundrums:underdetermination and holism
Does expressing an emotion change it?
Why can't existence be expressed in linear temporal logic?
Are political "ism"-beliefs artificial? But some of them must exist, so how can they be measured?
Ethical dilemma about withholding/disclosing information
What is "State" for Rousseau?
Can a theory become a law?
Are uncomputable numbers/things a problem for Wheeler's "it from bit"?
Can hypotheses have parts that are supported or falsified individually?
How do modern substance dualists answer the question of WHERE the interaction between the mind and the brain take place?
Do Kierkegaard and Nietzsche have similar ideas about being and becoming?
Is it hypocritical to support democracy [as an idea] while being religious?
What were the main sophistical methods according to Plato?
Does Egalitarianism also mean having Equal Opportunity?
proof for relational predicate logic
Language Proof and logic Chapter 13 problem 31
What did Nietzsche, in Thus Spake Zarathustra, mean by writing in blood and understanding unfamiliar blood?
Forward time travel
Is there a "correct" set of criteria for classifying "opinions" (e.g. based on accuracy)?
Theories to suggest that there exists only one version of history
What does "service" mean in Bubeck's feminist ethics of care
Indirect Realism – what are the main objections?
Isn't Nietzsche's overman a replacement for God?
Was every nihilist philosopher yet unhappy with it?
Which current moral philosophers take similar positions to those taken by Anscombe on moral obligation?
Does evil exist outside a mind: a reference request?
How similar are Kantian Ethics to Virtue Ethics?
If God created evil would that make Him evil or, the creator of evil?
Is there anything wrong with this argument?
Why Dasein has only a pre-ontological Being rather than an ontological Being?
What is the difference between the words "false" and "untrue"?
Voting for the Lesser of Evils = What cognitive bias or fallacy?
Is Ross' paradox really a paradox?
10 : 1 - Blackstone's Principle
Is wanting certainty a fallacy (or a pseudo fallacy)?
How does this anthropic principle argument from Schopenhauer make any sense?
In the socratic dialogues, what figure argues in bad faith against Socrates?
Can all inductive arguments be written as deductive arguments?
Does the "Temporal" determinateness apply to both temporal and non-temporal entities?
Is "class culture" an artificial construct or does it have "natural" motivation?
Who/What is the source of knowledge?
Does it make sense to say that consciousness does not exist or there is no such thing?
Is it not logical that anything that a holy God makes must be "less" than Himself?
Grandfather Paradox and Causal Loop
The place of life in nature and time
Time travel and changing the past
How can a non-Materialist Atheist explain the Universe's creation without God(s)?
Pleasure-maximizing hedonistic pacing
Justification for axiom OB-RE in deontic logic
Why is modern physics still connected to Western notions of time?
How can truth exist if every statement is ambiguous?
What exactly is the philosophical genealogy of racism, in particular Locke and Hume?
What are Popper's views on employment and unemployment?
Is evil a necessity?
Grandfather Paradox and Can vs Cannot
Do you consider "essence“ a useful philosophical concept?
If time is discrete, does moving means teleporting?
"Realm of Symbolic" - Feminist Philosophy Context
Time Travel arguments against David Lewis
Does an informal logical fallacy require deception?
What is consciousness
Logic and resolving a modus tollens
John Earman and Time Travel
What is the order of questions?
Is "I cannot imagine a mechanism for X to happen, so X can never happen" a named logical fallacy?
How compatible is atheism with agnosticism?
How to disprove "I'm entitled to my opinion"
Are there useful logics that reject disjunction introduction?
Scholarly retorts to "Quining Qualia"?
Are there any techniques for dealing with an arguer who continually denies facts?
Aristotle: "No way composite" and "Independent"
Is reality really “nothing but a hallucination”?
Collingwood, existence of God and its relation to natural science
Can many worlds interpretation have universes with different laws?
The myth of the given and externalism
Meaning in use and naturalisation of intentionality
Does anyone say that for some things to be fake just means that those things are not good?
Truth in Science vs. Truth in Math
What does 'they' refer to?
What is actual is a metaphysical necessity?
What is a philosophical question?
Kant: 7 + 5 = 12 and concepts
What's the name of the "God creates Evil" fallacy?
Does falsifiability require reproducibility according to Popper?
How can we describe consciousness?
Making It with Death: The complicity of Phenomenology with Effort
Can you be omnipotent and still change your mind?
Is feeling motivated in our control, from perspective of stoicism?
How does the phenomenon of moral luck pose a problem for Kantian ethical theories?
What's the problem with taking physicalism as "all there is is physical, so no problem between abstract/conceptual and physical can exist"?
Anything that is wrong involves some kind of imbalance (true or false?)
What is Merleau-Ponty's "perceptual faith"?
Kant and Theodicy
Which philosopher first claimed that social impatience is ethically indefensible
Can inanimate things behave?
Existential Quantifiers and Modal Logic
When are Accessibility Relations satisfied?
If you alone discover that all forms of full anesthetic are ineffective, should you keep it a secret?
Is it possible to sidestep ontological claims by pivoting on epistemological ones?
How is the truth multiple things?
Moral nihilism & teleology
Was Berkeley NOT making the Master Argument?
Isn't the question "Why is there something instead of nothing" flawed in that the questioner's existence started after the universe's?
Does the snake bite its own tail: "Philosophy of philosophy"
Similar to Douglas Adam's HGTTG, Is there any philosophy that views human society as a computation?
Your irreducible ground truth
What is the relation between the propensity interpretation of probability and probability in physics?
Does Kant think it's okay to lie to kids?
Generating false statements in propositional calculus
Has any philosopher claimed that reality is a simulation, and the evil genius wants us to stay alive, in order to explain what seems like a miracle?
Does anyone have any good resources related to art and objective knowledge?
Is symbolic regression Popperian or inductivist?
What's the fallacy when someone asks a question and then answers it themselves?
Does this fallacy have a name?
Could Ethical subjectivism be classified as Moral realism if we include God?
What was Spinoza's take on miracles: what are they are why think they do occur?
What's the difference between infinite divisibility and infinte extension?
Is ethics the primary purpose of Kant's philosophy?
How to prove (PvQ) & (RvS) : ((P&R) v (P&S)) v ((Q&R) v (Q&S)) by Natural deduction
Is it scientific or a logical error to claim something is true because I can't think of another explanation
Propositions that can't be used to distinguish possible worlds
Is using analogies a bad logic reasoning?
Does Reflective Set Theory "RfST" fulfill the requirements of founding Category Theory and Mathematics?
Has there been any philosophical guidance regarding when to use logic vs empirical testing?
How is it possible to encourage morality in others when everyone is morally imperfect?
Does anyone know how to prove ~ ∀x (Ax→Bx) from Ǝx(Ax & ~Bx)?
Thought experiments and empiricism
What puts Christians off "hard determinism"?
Ontology : being and kinds of being
Arguments/premises to disprove God's omniscience
How do pragmatists avoid this modal argument against their view of truth?
Who are some (relatively) modern "platonists" with respect to aesthetics/philosophy of art?
Can a single thought experiment have multiple outcomes?
Is Kantian deontological ethics just consequentialism?
Reference for book -- cultural relativism -- cognised/cognisable/real worlds (with golden dragon)
Non Cyclic definition of life/death?
How do I input these statements into a truth table generator?
What is the premise and conclusion here?
What are the consequences of rejecting identity of indiscernibles
Are Platonic Forms alive?
For a utilitarian, is a lie morally equivalent to a mistake?
Why did Nietzsche say he would not live his life again?
Is Benatar's "asymmetry of pleasure and pain" wrong?
Does it make sense to say that change is just what is changing?
What's the difference between XY=F and XY=0 in Jeffrey's Logic of Decision?
Privacy in the modern context
What did Mersault mean?
The powerful will always exploit the weak!
How can the credibility of dietary recommendations of medical sciences and EBM be upheld in light of a history of radical changes of its claims?
Does the pessimistic meta-induction say that best scientific theories may be untrue, or merely not true about reality?
Realism vs Antirealism...why does it matter?
Is Foucault's analysis of history opposed to absurdism?
Making a computer simulation therefore being in a computer simulation?
Does Langan think syntax is meaning free isomorphic structures?
Do necessary ought nots follow from impossible oughts?
How to prove : P v ( P → Q ) by Natural Deduction
Going from ◊(∃x)◻Fx and ◻(∀x)(Fx --> E!x) to ◊(∃x)◻(Fx & E!x)
Common name of "overgeneralization" logical fallacy
What does this line from "A Happy Death" by Camus mean?
What does Aquinas mean when he refers to things being "identical numerically" or "specifically identical" with things?
What is the minimum statement of faith?
What should be understood by 'being' in the context of ontology?
What's the fallacy of relevance here?
A universal game
Interpretation and symbolic notations of operations in mathematics
Is the problem of logical omniscience intractable?
Popper and Platonism
General solutions to the generality problem
Is having a “type” ethical?
Do you need to know what philosophy is to study it?
Marxism - primary contradiction of capitalism
Why/when would discrimination of people who do less, try less and pursue a path of "easiness" be wrong?
How could an eternal God know that He is eternal?
Distinguishing between procedure-like and collection-like mathematical objects
Can science account for consciousness
Do you know any Medieval philosophers, who have writings on the problem of anomie?
Mach and Norton thought experiments in science
Is there overlap between semantics and syntax in the mind?
Kant and the ornament
Has anyone used Aristotle's philosophy to study social media?
Constant conjunction of events and probability
Why do peeps pursue reputation?
What direction does Ayn Rand's Objectivism give for making a decision that would benefit me slightly while damaging another greatly?
Can Philosophy explain itself?
Is deduction based on induction?
Is there a name for trying to divine hidden meaning from clear communications?
Can the affirmation "All taxes are theft" be considered an a priori truth?
How to prove or disprove “Necessarily P entails P” in Kripke Modal Logic?
How do Anscombe and Wittgenstein view psychology?
Is there a philosophy of what we can't know?
Is a selfish action that helps others worthy of praise?
Is this an example of False Cause?
What does ‘Disinterestedness’ mean in the context of Mertonian norms?
Is this an example of Undistributed Middle?
Is this an example of Denying the Antecedent?
Why does Descartes think that we know our mind better than we know our body?
Is there a special language for expressing subjective idealism?
Can art be honest?
Name of Principle Giving Precedence to a More General Hypothesis
How to get the refutation of (OP ⊃ OQ) ∴ O(P ⊃ Q) in Deontic Logic
Is this short summary of phenomenology accurate?
Descartes on Llull's logic
Is there no basis for differentiating a personal from a historical narrative?
How comes AI is expected to be ethical?
On that p does not imply necessarily p
What is the difference between depth and surface information?
Human science and contasting perspectives
Would it be morally wrong for an AI to intentionally harm "inferior" and "irrational" humans?
What is the name of this logical fallacy
Are there counter-examples to this broad characterization of mathematics?
What kind of fallacy is this (resembles false cause)?
Two Solutions to the Problem of Death
Are there many minds or is there only one?
Lack of meaning in life
Aesthetically judging without concepts?
Grounding without fundamental relations
What fallacy is this?
Is alienation (Heideggerian) related to assimilation and accommodation?
Measurement units and metaphysical necessity
What are the differences between semi-compatibilism and compatibilism?
How to motivate a general AI to be curious and explore the world
If we had a hive mind, could we discover it?
Where's Sophia along the "spectrum of consciousness"?
Book on Meinong's theory of objects
Finding desirabilities and probabilities in Jeffrey's Logic of Decision
What relevance, if any, does collective memory in ants have to John Searle's Chinese Room argument?
Could reality be a projection of another reality?
If Satan punishes bad people, doesn't that make him a good person?
Is harming others always considered bad?
What does Tarski mean when he says that truth is a property of sentences?
Does Descartes explain or define how the sensation mechanism works?
Does strong AI disprove physicalism?
Does Reality change when theory change?
Validity of a modal argument?
What are the best arguments for the defense of the "principle of motion"?
Can an animal have qualia without self awareness?
Is there a natural example of a non-self-referential semantic paradox in philosophy?
Problem understanding a paragraph about the Enlightenment project
Do humans have the comprehension of an ant regarding certain things?
Is Frank Herbert's view on 'equality' similar to Aristotle justice?
Which major philosophers (if any) prior to the 1900s believed that consciousness was an emergent property of the brain?
Nihilist paradox
Does philosophy nurture guilt?
Identification and identity
What irreducible functions constitute thinking?
Is it light that is first or darkness?
How would i go about using natural deduction to prove this argument is valid?
Why is "re-evaluating all values" necessary to become an Übermensch?
Classical logic, symbolic logic, higher-order logic, First-order logic? Learning from scratch
Justification of existing methods of formal logic
Can we infer the rarity of sapience in the universe by looking at the rarity of the universe itself?
How much the world is logical
Which English translation of "The Social Contract" is better?
Is there an alternative to Cantor's cardinalities that makes proper subsets smaller than their sets?
Can potentiality be used to dispel Parmenides's monism?
Can an exception ever "prove" a rule?
Do I have to use the BARBARA, CELARENT... etc?
Aren't we most likely subject to artificial selection?
How does Ravi Zacharias' defence of the problem of evil jump from the need of a moral law giver to there being a God?
Semantic expressiveness of modal logic
Did Simone Weil analyse the conditions that allowed the growth of an oppressive bureaucratic state in the former Soviet Union?
What do theologians study about?
Can time exist without change?
Had Kant ever said anything about "Beauty is not on the rosy cheeks of a maiden"?
What were the 'philosophical cover-up' practised by Heidegger in his Nietzschean lectures 1936-45
Did Nietzsche elaborate on his notion of a 'political caste to rule over Europe'
Apart from nurture, nature and grace is there another ingredient from which humans are made?
Meaning, Properties and Definition
How many Greek gods are there in Greek mythology?
Logical expression that non-existent things don't do anything?
Wittgenstein and the meaning of intermediate cases
Why must the first mover be unmovable?
If the mind is spatial does that mean it is material and cannot contain qualia?
What does Descartes mean by thinking?
Why do I doubt my logical reasoning?
What does it mean to be a 'consequence'?
In what order should I read The Republic, Aristotle's Politics, and The Prince?
Of Socrates, Plato and Aristotle, who is generally considered the better philosopher?
Ethical question: Student unknowingly benefitted from cheater
Is the Kalam cosmological argument scientifically provable?
Is there any evidence that Nietzsche read anything by Zarathustra?
Is anything real?
What did Confucius mean by saying that the 'rectification of names' is the first thing required to rule a state?
Did Nietzsche have anything to say about the trans-Atlantic slavery trade?
For interactionist dualism, what is the mechanism that allows the mind to interact with the body?
Defending the value of Moral Philosophy against Scientism
Nietzsche aphorism about happiness - interpretation
Why was the quest for an objective universal demarcation criteria deemed untenable after Kuhn?
What is the current state of translation of Hegel's Lectures on the History of Philosophy in English?
Equivalence of strings of modal operators in modal logic
What kind of circularity, if any, is it acceptable for a philosophical argument to contain?
What fallacy, paradox or cognitive bias is this?
What approach, choosing from Barnes and Bloor from SSK, or Kitcher from ESK, best described current practices in economics
According to Popper, what is logical positivism's role in scientific ethics?
Does Descartes' internalism make him vulnerable to scepticism?
Why is this sentence containing "except" translated into this conjunction?
What are the relationships between Foucault's medical gaze, scientific investigation, and Buddhist detachment?
Does reaching independently identical reasoning mean some potentially pre-formatted mind?
Fallacy identification
How does Charles Taylor’s “politics of recognition” differ from the traditional liberal universalist conception of equal respect and recognition?
What is reflexivity in temporal logic?
If I want everyone to be a friend to everyone, am I an anarchist?
Affirming the Consequent Reasoning You See in Everyday Life
Can the existence of something be proven by logic alone
What does "E!" mean in free logic?
Does ◻(∀x)(Fx ⊃ ◻(E!x & (E!x ⊃ Fx))) entail ◻((∃x)Fx ⊃ ◻(∃x)Fx)?
Philosophers who did not think that language is more special than cognition as a whole
Are there any attempts to define "doubt"?
What were the theological objections to Plotinus' One?
Is a proposition a priori if the premises require empirical evidence?
A necessary condition for being P applies to all things that are P. does a sufficient condition for being P apply to only things that are P?
Does this experiment really prove dishonesty?
Inductive Logic on Existence
What is the difference between Theory of Knowledge and Epistemology?
Modus Tollens / Popperian Syllogism for the Black Swan
underdetermination in the engineering world
According to Nozick, what is a “patterned” conception of justice?
What is the historical entitlement conception of justice? How does it differ from the patterned conception?
Number, Category and Set
What is Don Marquis argument that a being does not have to be a person to have a right to life; even potential persons have a right to life?
What does it mean exactly to live a good life in a place like earth?
What am I missing in texts that say things that are so obvious as to seem pointless?
Question about the Argument of Recollection from Plato's Phaedo
What fallacy is assuming something is the case because of past events
Modal validity & vagueness
About the advantages of the propensity perspective on probability
Formal logic to describe causation?
Axiomatic proof of ⊢ □P → □◇□P in S4
S5 proof of ⊢◻(◻P→◻Q)∨◻(◻Q→◻P)
Has the instinct of survival a philosophical equivalent?
How is philosophy of science essential?
how can i keep my motivation high all time?
For Aristotle, how and why does friction generate heat?
How much this theory fulfills of criteria for a foundational theory of mathematics?
What does Hume's "customary connection" between objects mean?
Pandora's Box: Is hope evil?
Which rational thinkers (theologians, philosophers, scientists, mathematicians etc.), prior to 1850, disagreed with Aristotle's logic?
On age and Wisdom
If you "know best", should you refuse to fulfil your previously sworn duty?
Isn't the knowledge of the non-existence of "God", objective?
What were the historical interpretations of Aristotle's definition of validity/logical consequence?
Why are Plato's Idealism and German Idealism so different?
Why or How? Which one do we prefer more in philosophy?
What is the distinction between "experimental philosophy" and Anthropology?
Grice: Comparing Natural Meaning, Non-Natural Meaning, Conventional Implicature and Generalized Conversational Implicature
What does Beyond Good and Evil aphorism 4 mean?
Does bayesianism accept the idea of knowledge
Kant and Utilitarians vs War
Suppose you have an argument with false premises and a false conclusion. Given this information, what do you know about the validity of this argument?
Aside from Jesus who have put justice (legalism) and friendliness (benevolence) in opposition?
Which idealogy states aatma (soul) doesn't exist; only paramatmaa (God) does?
Infinity in modern integration theory
Is there an established name for position that argues against law?
"Syllogisms which produce understanding"
Is this discussion fallacious?
How do compatibilists understand "responsible"?
Is it possible to a define human being without reference to metaphysical hypotheses?
Prove the rule that proves X(P) from X(a) preserves derivability in modal system K
Is this argument about abortion being both right and wrong valid or invalid?
What's a name for the fallacy of concluding something must be based on truth because it is successful?
Equivalent forms of "if p then q"
Golden Rule - Conflict
On Truth and Lying
Can mind-body dualism be modelled by computer programs and their corresponding logic gates at the physical level?
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence
How is Cannibalism any different from eating animals and plants?
What is Descartes arguing for in the text below?
What philosophers have considered humans as gods?
What is modern take on the idea of wills?
Why is first-order logic defined as a collection of formal systems?
What does Machiavelli say about friends of my enemies?
To what extent is phenomenology capable of advancing empirically testable (i.e. falsifiable) hypotheses?
What does it mean for something to be "evil"?
Would a "Classless society" be better than the present society?
Where to start to be savvy about the current literature on consciousness?
What is the fallacy when someone refuses to be specific
Are there clear counter-examples to this definition of mathematics?
Universality of aesthetic judgment in Kant
De Morgan for Quantifiers Formal Proof: Inhabitance Question
De Morgan for Quantifiers Formal Proof: ∀∃-intro and -elim Questions
Under what definitions of truth and knowledge (especially Bayesian) are 'definitely knowing' and 'certain' different
Can the Socratic method be used to teach science or math?
Why is a predicate of 0-arity considered as a sentence letter?
Has the other parts of the soul the ability to superpose its will on the mind?
Is Socrates' happiness possible for average, normal people?
Does anyone say that Being is a primitive, unanalyzable, term?
Free will and the principle of sufficient reason
What super ontologies have been proposed?
valid or invalid: “S or R. Not S and Not R. Ergo, B.”
Is this argument about "either or" valid or invalid?
What are the two common sense ideas that seem to conflict and thus give rise to the free will problem?
Is a miracle a sufficient evidence of the truth of a religion?
How is the nature of logical principles commonly defined in contemporary philosophy?
How to live the present instead of just surviving?
What feelings are unique to humans?
Relation of Propositions to Reality
Who invented definitions?
What is the fallacy regarding knowing someone who is X therefore you know about topics regarding X?
Will to power: why doesn't it work sometimes?
What are some good English translations of the Brihadaranyaka Upanishad
Null Hypothesis Appearing in Everyday Life
Illustration of Necessary & Sufficient Conditions
Symbolic logic and rules of inference: two questions
How do utilitarians defend their moral philosophy against the impracticality objection?
What if the Evil Genius in Descartes' "I think therefore I am" put into our minds the action of doubting?
Can there be objective moral facts that have no innate imperative bindingness – what everyone ought to do regardless of their needs and preferences?
Frustration in studying philosophy
What did Kant say on the invention of new terms?
What does this Zarathustra's sentence mean?
Where is the line between Quantum Mechanics and Relativity?
Why should we even think about determinism?
With infinite language would the meaning of words collapse?
Does 'until' imply a conditional with a negative consequent?
Critical rationalism and Evolution
Truth-functional connectives - functions of what exactly?
Which fallacy is "if not P, not Q. P. Therefore Q"?
The aesthetic education of man; translation
Is there any way to gain "truth"/accuracy in social truth? How?
When is reasoning with "unknown" knowledge permissible?
Does S4 (and B) hold for the strongest interpretations of ♢ and □?
Known self-evident unproven logical truths
Trying to decide if the terms “proper education”, “real world education”, “successful life” are vague or ambiguous?
Can simulation theory be considered a form of religion?
Philosophy of Physics/Mathematics PhD with Mathematics/Physics undergrad (no philosophy undergrad)
If you place a pencil in an opaque box and close the box, does the pencil exist?
Is religion necessary for the good life?
Did Nietzsche violate Christian morality in his life? Was he urging anyone to do so?
Are there any solutions to the Euthyphro dilemma?
Can science prove that the earth is not flat?
Do picture proofs of the Pythagorean theorem make it empirical?
When to label a philosopher as either a western philosopher or an eastern philosopher?
Criticism of stoicism
Why isn't Descartes using psychologism?
How is/was "good" (as the contrary of bad) defined?
Is "physicality precedes spiritual" a view or a state of nature?
Are there writers on the topic of an inherent human bias towards the value of rational thinking?
If people didn’t have a moral sense, would we still have enforced cultural moral codes?
How should an atheist rationally respond to finding out they're about to die?
How can we argue for the uniqueness of a God-like entity?
Does human life have innate value over that of other animals?
Does utilitarianism distinguish between pain/suffering and pleasure/happiness?
What are examples of causes that do not require energy to produce an effect?
Is metaphysical necessity an unambiguous concept, and if so, how do we capture it?
Is it possible to conclude, whether similarity or difference is more fundamental notion?
Isn't the existence of Hell inherently evil, and isn't God therefore evil in allowing Hell to exist?
How far can faith reasonably go?
Is there an example of an innate idea?
Prove or disprove ~◇◻p → ◇◇~p in system K
Where to find Descartes’ violin player analogy?
Help with philosophical interpretation of the movie Cloud Atlas
Is ◻((◻(P → ◻P)) ↔ (◻P v ◻~P)) derivable in S5?
Lists and predicates on lists in classical first order logic
What is the name of this kind of reasoning? (Not a logical fallacy.)
Is an argument in natural language as logically valid as in formal logic?
Plato or Aristotle on trading lives
Any contemporary/older philosophers who criticize the Christian concept of "preservation in the memory of others"?
A doctor saves lives, but he is a murderer in normal life. Is he good or bad? Or Both?
I need some help determining the validity of the following argument
How much platonism do I need to handle the halting property?
Hilary Putnam's criticism of Carnap's 'Principle of Tolerance'
What would be the negation of the following statement
Is the following statement true, false, or can't be determined? Why?
Where does 'numerical' in 'numerical identity' come from?
How do I keep up with the latest in the cutting edge of philosophy?
How to fully understand the first three chapters of Phenomenology of Spirit?
Are the "laws" of deductive logic empirically verifiable?
A difficulty I've had with this "This sentence is false" and Russell's Paradox
What is the difference between the Superman and the Ultimateman?
Is there a non-arbitrary way to choose rules in rule utilitarianism
If the universe is flat, how can the Earth be round?
Proof with conditional introduction
Is Nietzsche an anti-realist about moral disagreement?
The mereological account of sets
Does infinity in philosophy reduce to philosophy of mathematics?
What is an event that was a counterexample to Occam's Razor?
Is this argument about ownership valid?
Do we need to predicate the past perfect tense to those that have died?
Would a first cause exist necessarily, so that absences are uncaused?
Questions about the relationship between Wittgenstein's Philosophical Investigations and Tractatus
Multiple connectives using atomic sentences?
How can we create problems out of nothing (our imagination)?
What does "it" refer to in this short Aristotle passage?
Social Response to Legal/Moral Duty Violation
Is there a philosophical position for and against the idea that every causal entity contributes to every effect?
Philosophical term for relativistic moral standards
Do eastern and western views differ on questions like "feasibility of computational intelligence"?
I've heard that Hegel's view on how to attain absolute truth differed from Kant's. In what ways?
Why should I trust experts - and what's the place of experts in a democracy?
Why is Nietzsche associated with postmodernism?
Unclear phrase in Arthur Schopenhauer's essay
Examples for necessary existence and necessary properties according to current metaphysics?
Is there any philosophy that associates the absolute truth with monism?
Why Nietzsche believes that victims barter the damage they receive with a violent feast to see their tormentor suffer in a feast?
Believing in the axiom of Power Set
What are some philosophical arguments that explain why mathematics allow us to reach a greater truth than empirical evidences?
What were some of the criticisms levied against Hegel's phenomenology?
Are paradigms still the driving force of scientific revolution?
Is is true that Kant's philosophy inspired Einstein's theory of relativity?
What are some arguments against democracy that were espoused by philosophers?
Did any philosopher make the claim that mathematics can be as illusory as visual information?
I have trouble understanding this fallacy: "If A, then B. Therefore if not-B, then not-A."
Can our universe be a pocket in a bigger unseen eternal universe?
What are some opinions about what beauty is in poetry?
What are some mathematical fields that can be useful to philosophers?
Is it the case that Kant was indirectly 'describing' the noumenon by defining phenomenon?
Seeking literature on whether all beliefs should be justified
What is the logical fallacy for checking the wrong law?
Does this idea have a name: "A is a type of B, but B is not a type of A"
What are some of the paradigm shifts in how we think about logic and rationality in the history of philosophy
How would you discredit this faulty argument?
Is consciousness considered a resolved/able problem?
Would philosophy still exist if there was no life?
What are some true paradoxes in philosophy?
What are the most objective ethical systems ever devised?
What essential properties make us human?
Compositional relations vs definitional relations, always distinct kinds of relations?
Self refuting pillar of postmodernism
Are there any strong arguments for ideas that cannot be defined by humans?
Is a Reflection on a Bus, part of the Bus?
What would a hypothetical world of continuous matter look like?
Is it a fallacy if someone claims they need an explanation for every word of your argument to the point where they don't understand common terms?
If everything is ruled by determinism, what rules determinism itself?
Kant and the absolute a priori
Does the idea that universe obeys logical laws paradoxical?
What's this historiographic method of argumentation used by Foucault?
The illogical nature of want/motivation and its effects on free will
How can animals be objects of ethics without being subjects as well?
Have I contradicted the "law" non-contradiction?
Plato's cave in reality
Ontological argument (existence is part of essence) and an implication
Which logical fallacy is this: A is a C, B is a C, therefore A is a B?
The Anonymous Internet: Philosophical opinions?
What does Augustine suggest that the slave do instead of killing his master?
How is egalitarianism even possible?
Can a theory that is now wrong be right in the future?
What does Aristotle mean by this text?
Is beauty a property?
What is the relevance of applicability to the natural sciences in pure mathematics?
Does the adjective "physical" apply only to worlds that obey the laws of physics?
How to prove or disprove validity of ◻◻p → ◻p in the frame (Q,<) of the rational numbers with the usual less-than ordering?
Plato's sunlight and firelight: the philosophical metaphor of light in the allegory of the Cave
Is unhappiness a principle of utility for any moral philosopher?
What did Pythagoras mean by Power and Necessity?
What Latin phrase did Descartes use to denote his Cartesian demon
How does philosophy not fall into the confirmation bias?
Is symmetry real?
If turtles see everything, and nothing seen can see, does it follow that non-turtles exist?
Was there any valid criticism of Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit?
Morality of infanticide
Inferring from (∃x)Fx to (∃x)(∃x)Fx using existential generalization?
Why don't two equivalent propositions contribute to the same semantics?
Cyclical Argument in Plato's Phaedo
How should I use the propositional logic rules for → and ↔?
Can math be done without syllogisms?
Is there a fallacy
Can I define morality as "maximizing pleasure/happiness"? Why yes or why not?
If scientists proved that there is life after death, would you rather die than remain alive?
For Kant, why is the Cogito an analytical proposition?
Imagination versus reality
Is there a traditional concept for virtues that inform our ideas of what we can know?
Where is the fallacy here?
Frege: Truth as an expression of assertoric force
Does Kant’s argument against idealism refute Cartesian epistemology?
Does the history of our concept of reality, tell us something about Reality?
Nominalistically Finding Radioactive Half-Life?
How can Determinism be true in light of the Free Will Theorem
What is the point of acquiring knowledge when time would take it away soon enough?
trouble with rules of inference practice problems
When Russell refers to "the morality of slaves" in In Praise of Idleness is he referencing Nietzsche?
Is there an aspect of the person that is outside time and or size? Does anyone argue that to defeat nihilism?
Help with logical fallacy
Where does a soul (aatma) lie in our body?
Who is Kierkegaard's knight of faith?
How would you describe it when someone uses the hypothetical to undermine an idea?
practical example of Limitations of Predicate logic
How does Socrates's acting on a dream in Plato's Phaedo square with his rationality?
What is the goal of tragedy, according to Aristotle and what is the role of the plot in achieving this goal?
Who coined a term in art philosophy refering to the danger of looking at older art through the lens of modern art? And what is it?
How can we be certain that we cannot be certain?
Razor to favor simpler methodology
Where can I access or purchase Aristotelis Opera (edited by Immanuel Bekker)?
How does a truth tree provide positive and negative effect tests for implication?
Does the ineffability of the Dao contradict wuwei?
Is there a rigid model for distinguishing opinion, informed opinion and fact consistently and unambiguously?
Role of death in literal interpretation of recurrent dream in Plato's Phaedo
Is anything not proven impossible therefore possible?
The double interpretation of 'a priori' in Kant's metaphysics
Is the principle of non-contradiction self-evident?
How are 'voluntary' actions possible in the scope of Sam Harris's framework of free will (its absence actually)?
What is the proper response in a debate when your opponent ignores your counterarguments?
Putting natural language into sentence logic
Through what epistemological means is one's gender identity discoverable?
At what point - if at all - can I call myself a philosopher?
How does Kant solve the problem of the difference between phenomenon and noumenon?
What are the main oppositions to the extended mind thesis? and who presents them?
Is Kant an anarchist/libertarian while defending that the resistance to a resistance is legitimate by the same law?
Is it possible that a question has only two answers?
What is the name of the "undeserved profits" fallacy?
Is there anything in epistemology beyond exploration+reinforcement learning (RL)?
What theorems are most important for the foundation of mathematics?
How did Ivan Illich reconcile his dislike of academia with having been the vice rector of a university for years?
arguments about existence
Philosophical views on nudity
Given the principle of innocence, how shall we explain logic's usefulness?
Does ontology study "being qua being"?
Are there any ancient Greek philosophers with a 'complete' philosophy that never made it to prime time?
Does history provide support for moral objectivism?
Logic. Truth of a negation
Undue complexity in philosophical expositions
From dialogue to monologue : Why (Platonic) Socrates claims to know nothing but manages to give book-length speeches all the time?
Prove that if the tree method determines that a set of sentences T implies a sentence A, then T does in fact imply A
Ethics of downloading copyrighted printed material
Was Shakespeare a member of the lower classes?
A Problem With Kripke's Rule-Following Paradox Example?
How can you soundly argue for antinatalism based on lack of consent?
John Locke's historical context of Two Treatises of Government
Does anyone know any philosophers who engage with (ordinary language) dictionaries in their work?
Is b⊢C∧¬b⊢C∧b⇒C∧¬b⇒C possible?
Fitch-style natural deduction
Are there any good sources that would help me read Lacan's Seminar XVII?
Logical notation
Are we seeing useless physics today
What is the difference between free will and freedom to choose?
Plato's Phaedo : Why does the soul stay separate from the body?
Epicurus's claim that the mind is in the heart
What does proto-idealistic philosophy mean?
Please what do we call this type of hypothetical statement?:
Philosophical Investigations Part one and two
Asserting that Atheism and Theism are both faith based positions
How can an army be justified with the right to physical and psychological integrity?
What are some differences between Avicenna and Descartes in regards to being unable to doubt one's own existence
Private rule following
Is God's disembodiment problematic?
Logical equivalence proofs
Is theism necessarily 'faith-based'?
What does Levinas mean by "the Same" in contrast to the Other?
Why did Nietzsche think that only the happiness of higher types mattered?
Philosophical journal that allows blind referee
A typology of ethical theories for beginners?
What is the connection between objective uncertainty and truth as subjectivity in Kierkegaard?
Is emergentism incompatible with reductionism?
Is visualization : space :: simulation : time?
Efficient cause and answering questions unambiguously
How to avoid nihilism as an agnostic?
Is there any rational justification to the counterargument "I refuse to answer your question on the basis that it is a hypothetical question?"
How to explain value and goodness of things without resorting to Hedonism?
If a creator of the universe was discovered then what effect would that have?
Was Heidegger in some way influenced by Kierkegaard?
Become immortal - blessing or curse?
Is it a fallacy to say "A = B therefore more A = more B?"
What's the name of the logical fallacy where a debater extends a statement far beyond the original statement to make it true?
Why is it logical to invoke an uncreated universe with no intelligent design?
Fitch Proof and Logic prove A V D given premises 1. A V B 2. ¬C ∨ ¬B
Is it ethical for an employer to fire an employee who has criticized the company?
"Truth as subjectivity", "Truth is subjectivity", or "Subjectivity of truth"?
Who wrote about levels of power?
How does Nietzsche define suffering?
If we are all just condemned to death, then why should we still live?
Is it morally excusable for poor people to buy pirated copies of books?
Is math arbitrary?
Is the idea of potential energy (from physics) influenced by the idea of potentiality found in Aristotelian metaphysics?
Does the demand for evidence run contrary to faith?
Is "Societal Science" impossible?
Amoral argument for god?
What exactly is the 'potential' that is actualized in Aristotelian metaphysics?
What does Marx mean by "the real will of the cooperative"?
Are dreams just the world without the big Other?
Does collectivism actually exist?
Does Plato relatively upgrade democracy between the Republic and the Laws?
Is everything that exists an actual entity?
What does Aquinas mean in this passage from Summa Theologica responding to the claim that goodness is prior to being?
Can nationalism be labeled a non-theistic religion?
What is 'Pragmatic Encroachment'?
Why should/can politics concern aspects of social life?
What are some realistic situations where Kantian ethics can be applied?
Could generalization of scientific theories be possible by just adding an ad hoc hypothesis?
What happens if we accept inconsistency?
Does it make sense to have a causal component in a definition?
Can pure randomness be computed?
Descartes’s skepticism of the external world and belief in God
Fallacy of affirming the consequent or of denying the antecedent?
Logic : steps to prove valid reasoning
What did Nietzsche mean?
Is it possible to track the truth?
Why did Kant, Hegel, and Adorno leave some words and phrases in the Greek alphabet?
Name of "then you also cannot" pseudo argument
Standard Argument against free will rebuttal
Is a dictionary of philosophy necessary for reading Schopenhauer?
Where Wittgenstein argues that thinking is done in natural language?
Why do there exist "logical fallacies" that are not really consistent logical fallacies?
Help with epistemology homework related to film Shutter Island
When writing commentary on well-known philosophers, which method is more effective: comparative analysis or straightforward interpretation?
Are axioms in mathematics comparable to hypotheses in experimental sciences?
Formal proof errors
Where to start with the philosophy of mathematics?
Which kinds of academic revolutions has philosophy of science indentified so far and when?
Are Christians more afraid of death?
What is the strongest link made in the philosophical literature between privacy and civil liberties?
What makes you, you?
What kind of counterevidence is there against "morality is inborn"?
If idealism is correct, why (the idea of) a brain can change all the other ideas?
Does philosophy of mathematics affect mathematical research?
What were Hegel's criticisms of Newton?
Can science prove or provide evidence that the brain is the source of the mind
Natural language into propositional logic
Is there a world behind you when you do not look behind your back?
Is it possible to infer the non-existence of a thing?
Quantifying Ethics
Perpetual Division
Questions on Descartes' Certainty?
What are the most popular arguments against moral universalism, rather than for relativism or nihilism?
Can you argue against a moral absolute by saying yes it's rational, but not practically so?
How can we be accountable if we are chemically programmed?
In what way did the "Logical Positivist' movement influence contemporary Analytical Academic Philosophy?
What does Kierkegaard mean by 'spirit' in the following passage from "A Sickness unto Death"?
What does Wittgenstein mean when he says "there are no numbers in logic"?
Epistemology: What role does " intensionality" play in the knowledge relation? Is " intension" a third term in the knowledge relation?
What is moral inquiry in the context of James Lenman's paper?
Is Schopenhauerian pessimism truly passive nihilism?
Can Cognitive-Moral Bio-Enhancement be considered as a valid category of enhancement?
The real world is infinite!
Questions concerning Hume's argument for the unknowability of ultimate causes
Gödel's Results and Philosophy of Mathematics
Can one know and not know at the same time the same truth?
How does atheism answer the problem of goodness?
Is there another state besides existence and nonexistence?
How to answer people who would claim that "philosophy is useless"?
Gödel's incompleteness theorems - what are the religious implications?
What is the difference between NTP and validity in Smith's "Logic: The Laws of Truth"?
Difference between 'marxist' and 'Marxist'?
What was Wittgenstein's argument against Cantor's transfinite numbers and where did he make his objection?
Quantum mechanics and the principle of bivalence
How to Prove P(a) → ∀x(P(x) ∨ ¬(x = a)) using Natural Deduction
Spinoza à la Mode : Is Spinoza a Pantheist?
When is a connective truth functional?
Can a human being not be a part of the human species?
Does linguistic idealism imply scientific anti-realism, and are any existentialists committed to anti-realism for that reason?
Why do ethics inherently matter?
Are Marx's crises of capitalism essentially crises for the working class?
Papers on the history of the answers to Parmenides
Checking the validity of the logical conclusion gleaned from a heated conversation
Which philosophers has proven existing is being part of the change in time?
Is this argument equivalent to the argument of prime mover of Aristotle?
Relationship between entailment and equivalence with consistency
Does evolution always entail progress?
How is the claim "I am in New York only if I am in America" the same as "If I am in New York, then I am in America?
The tree of knowledge
Tacit inferences?
If logical propositions aren't tautologies (a la Wittgenstein), then what could they be?
Looking for a piece regarding the relationship between subject and object (by Schopenhauer?)
Why is a square circle metaphysically impossible?
How can God allow someone that is immoral to become highly successful?
Hiring someone is unethical to Kantians because you're treating them as a means?
What is the meaning of "comprehension" in logic?
To pass two time for the same place. Logic question
Using predicate logic, how to solve symmetric and anti reflexive
Bayesian epistemology and paraconsistent logics
Infinite past with a beginning?
Logic-related note-taking question
Soft question: Is it possible to self study Aristotle?
How should "knowledgeability" be defined? Is it merely w.r.t. to best scientific knowledge?
How Kant's second formulation of the categorical imperative interacts with consent
Isn't the sorites paradox predicated on a non-understanding of what a heap is?
Why is the body so important in Schopenhauer's philosophy?
Is Nietzsche 'power' neither value neutral nor practical?
Why is equality assumed to be good?
Is □(□A→B) v □(□B→A) provable in S5? If it's not, I am having trouble coming up with a countermodel
Falsification in Math vs Science
What is the difference between the resolution rule and the elimination in natural deduction?
Can someone expand Rousseau's proper definition of war?
Hume's analogy to prove that the soul is mortal
A Ground or Foundation of Morality
Which modern philosophers profess an atheist personalism?
Judging importance by one's actions
To View Things by their Function
Is fallibilism a better option than absolute certainty?
What's the role of certainty in discussions about philosophical positions?
Why Quantum Mechanics states that nature is probabilistic?
Syntax of propositional logic
Are we facing a new form of social prejudice and discrimination?
What is the connection between celibacy and the acts/omissions distinction?
Can you identify a philosophical argument involving Lifeboats? (Not 'Lifeboat Ethics')
Must the physical phenomenon of the universe be differentiable?
Does natural science assume indirect realism?
In Spinoza's Epistemology what role is played by his concept of 'idea'? How do the idea in 'thought' and the object in extension interrelate?
Should truth entail possible truth?
Can hypercomputation compute the impossible?
Ontology of space/time
Recursive definitions (a couple questions based on them)
Would it be sensible to say "I know Santa does not exist"?
Is it there any trivialist model in physics (like in quantum mechanics)?
what does it mean to have philosophical study of something
Can social sciences have a non-subject -related axiomatic foundation? Why not?
Do forces really exist?
Who or what is the being for whom Being is a question for Heidegger?
Is "If...then" not a truly logical connective?
What's the difference between ontical and ontological?
partial fictionalism about propositions
Are the Argument From Perspectival Variation and the Argument From Perceptual Relativity one and the same?
How do you falsify the theory that Santa Claus is real?
How is justification related to truth?
Can we measure "braverity" objectively?
Is skepticism a contentious issue?
Term for the idea that regardless of our philosophy, only the observable/physical matters
How do I reply to a conspiracy theorist that claims that the evidence is also part of the lie?
What justified consciousness is an experience and not an thing?
Is it there any model of the universe or any (physical) cosmological theory or model completely compatible with trivialism?
DId Aristotle say there can be no virtue without action: and how accepted is that in virtue ethics?
Are deontologists arguing against virtue ethics, and if so does it matter?
How does Quantum Mechanics disprove determinism?
Might Marx's argument in Das Kapital be less about justice and exploitation than it is about disenfranchisment?
Is the simulation argument an act of faith?
What are the justification for Kants moral philosophy?
Hume's argument for the subjectivity of morality
Is the argument below valid?
How has Nicolas Malebranche influenced our views of modern philosophy?
Why is the anecdotal fallacy a fallacy?
Was there any philosopher named Lexiphagoras?
Is there a way to tell which philosophers are correct in their musings?
In predicate logic, does existential quantification (∃) include universal quantification (∀), i.e. can 'some' imply 'all'?
Organ Donation Obligation
Principle of proportionate causality - what are virtual and eminent causes?
Why did Daniel Dennett not explain consciousness?
Would it be reasonable to air-drop suicide pills during the Rwandan Genocide?
What specific knowledge is purposefully held back by the universities from their students?
Is it possible to mathematically define a hypercomputer-universe where things that could not be computed by it could exist?
Is there any moral dilemma/situation clearly showing the usefulness of virtue ethics?
What does this Jacques Hadamard quote mean?
In what way is everyone not a utilitarian
Why did Turing say computers manipulate symbols?
What is a good history of logic book that covers all logic?
Is there any physics-model version of Tegmark's hypothesis?
Why does Nietzsche think suffering is great?
The nature of Nominalist Formalism
The more you know, the more you don't know
Finite Alphabets
What is Wittgenstein referring to in 4.113
What were Plato's views on substance?
How did Heidegger argue for the certainty of death?
How can you argue for a classification without assuming the classification?
What are the discoveries that have been possible with the rejection of positivism?
Non locality of consciousness
Can two different objects at the same time be the same?
How can axiomatic foundations be laid out? How does one identify, when they form "foundations"?
Is constitution of a country simply a set of axioms?
Understanding 'existence' and 'being' in debates about ordinary objects
What are some important essays/philosophical views on experiencing things objectively?
Was Kant an Intuitionist about mathematical objects?
What is the goal of the Übermensch?
What is the difference between "conscious of nothing" and "not conscious"?
Do Heidegger and some of his readers know why there is something rather than nothing?
In Being and Time, was Heidegger doing phenomenology, using the phenomenological reduction?
Is there a phenomenological real time, for Husserl?
Distributions of outcomes in Quantum Mechanics
Probability calculus and Quantum Mechanics
What criticisms of Wittgenstein's philosophy of language have been offered?
If persona, anthropomorphism and anthropocentrism are removed as features of God, does anything remain?
How did Peter L. Berger's view of capitalism differ from Ivan Illich's?
How did Aristotelian logic view this?
What is the name of this logical fallacy: Why should your god be the one?
What should one know about term logic before studying propositional and predicate logic?
Is consciousness just human arrogance in a inability to accept we are controlled by our instincts
What is the difference between Ars Erotica and Scientia Sexualis?
Why do some non-religious people reject artificial consciousness?
Where can I study this in more detail?
I'm stuck and having trouble with ￢P ∨ Q Prove: P → Q
Is it wrong to think that some continental philosophers make statements about the truth on an arbitrary basis?
Why is logical possibility relevant to the persistence questions of personal identity?
Aristotle's Four Virtues---A Negative Example
Philosophers who were composers?
Can anyone help me solve this problem?
How Do I start on Premise: B ↔ ￢B Conclusion: J ↔ ￢C?
Testing scientific theories inside a simulated universe
Logical analysis under Russell's theory of definite descriptions
Are there moral objections to a life motivated purely by money? How to sway a person from this lifestyle?
Why is ZFC not as susceptible to Gödel's incompleteness as was the Principia Mathematica?
Vegan ethics : purchase vs consumption
What do all these types of nihilism mean?
Discovery VS Invention in Mathematics
Assertion generates argument which becomes a fallacy?
Probabilistic, indeterministic and random in QM
Notions of Right and Wrong in Perfectionist Ethics
How to make the statement "If A or B then C" More Rigorous?
Which Christian philosophers examine their understanding of Pharaoh hardening his heart?
What does Slavoj Zizek mean by Hegel's reading of "felix culpa"?
what is a "discursive site"?
Can an AI answer every possible question?
Are the logical leaps in Heidegger thought fully explained through his phenomenological framework?
What is the philosophical significance of speech acts/implicature?
Must an analysis of Being precede the positive sciences?
Is it possible for a human not to select the most rewarding option?
Why is it that the natural deduction method can't test for invalidity?
For Kant, is the bad will bad in itself?
Tautologies in religious language discussion
"I have lied but I am not a liar, and I have done bad things but I am not a bad man."
Is the golden hammer fallacy a real fallacy?
Debate on dualism, physicalism. etc in philosophy of mind
Is it possible to dissolve the hard problem of consciousness?
Can shapes be relative from different perspectives?
Is there a foundation of philosophy?
What is the relationship between computation and Gödel's incompleteness theorems?
Quine, subjective probability and QM
Is the following application of Kant's Categorical Imperative valid?
I don't understand how to use bi conditionals and conditionals for this proof
Albert Camus's thoughts on Science in the "Myth of Sisyphus"
What is it called when an opponent tells you to look up the source of their own claim, yourself?
Are Wittgenstein's propositions about death incompatible with momentariness?
Do you know of any mathematical theorem whose proof relies on the use of the principle of explosion (ECQ)?
Intention and Means-End Reasoning in Epistemology
In Nietzsche's eternal recurrence, does the overman live only once?
Traditional beginner's commentary on Aristotle's categories
Fitch Proof Question
Was Marx a Marxist?
Existence: Pain and Pleasure
For someone who studies Daoism, how would they make another Daoist see that they are in fact following the Dao?
Solving a proof in which the goal is the negation of a variable in Fitch
What is the name of the fallacy where one implies something is false simply because someone evil supported it?
When does knowledge become wisdom
Can reductive explanation transcend human understanding?
Why do people assume that good has more existence than evil?
Is Baudrillard able to communicate an inability to meaningfully communicate?
Do we really know that the laws of physics are consistent with our observations?
Structure of an if and only if proof
An Argument that Knowledge is a Matter of Choice
What's the meaning of this quote of Pythagoras on the good and bad principle?
Is there an Abstract/Concrete Gray Area?
What is a good joke, for Bergson?
Does Nietzsche tell us anything about 'reciprocity'
Views on identity of an individual
Some examples of philosophies that consider nonexistence the same as existence?
Making an irrelevant generalization that dilutes the original argument — what's this fallacy?
Is there any correlation between Quine’s underdetermination and bayesian issues of old evidence and new theories?
Can other than natural phenomena be facts?
What properties do "intuition" need in order to be counted as philosophical evidence?
Understanding Hintikka's scandal of deduction (as depicted by D'Agostino)
Problematize and building a paradox over the repression drug use, its debates and issues
Syntactic VS Semantic Provability
Where does Aristotle say it's impossible to do philosophy and its methodology simultaneously?
What are the important questions about pre-socratic philosophy?
What are the known philosophical works about a God without revelations?
What does “Something” mean ontologically?
Is physicalism an unfalsifiable position?
Why is 2 + 2 = 4?
How do I prove ~(A & B) therefore ~A V ~B using natural deduction?
How to find a stance towards a controversial topic
How far does the fallaciousness of the recourse to authority fallacy reach?
Is it nonsense to say B -> [A -> B]?
What to know before reading The Myth of Sisyphus?
Is knowledge/data infinite?
A reply to the Chinese room argument
How does Epistemology show that it's not a language game?
Is it ethical to profit from an anomaly at some else’s expense?
What is the division of philosophical doctrines with respect to absoluteness/relativity of truth?
Help wanted - need descriptor for a partcular type/form of argument
Does our language determine our "religious experiences"?
Is infinity possible
Did Leibniz dismiss reincarnation?
Avoiding A Dilemma About Definitions
Can loneliness make you more creative?
How many academic Philosophers in Australia are still influenced by John Anderson “Andersonians”
Why is it obviously false that the distribution of prime numbers can only be a matter of knowledge and never of opinion?
Does any mathematician today work on a logic he explicitly presents as somehow true of human logic, as Boole did in his time?
Help with philosophical interpretation of the movie 'V for Vendetta'
How does 'moral luck' link up with 'blame'?
Is there such a thing as meta-metaphysics?
Is there inherent selfishness within altruism?
What is the name of this fallacy?
Can anyone do something to make their death less of a harm?
What are the accomplishments of critical theory vs. logical positivism
What kind of fallacy or false logic is this?
Relation of Mathematical Propositions to Natural Language
On Latin reception of Avicenna
Has any consensualists written on Wittgenstein?
Is there a perfect duty against self deception about imperfect duties?
What is moral particularism if there are no morally perfect persons?
What are points of disagreement between Gabriel Marcel and Michael Polanyi?
For Kant, is it immoral to offer solutions that may backfire when generalized?
What to do before reading The World as Will and Representation
Debating: Opponent asking for proof to deny his own statements and insists his statements were right at some point of time
What would be the name of this fallacy?
Can the Universe Be Infinite?
Ethics of saying "this cause is a just cause, but now is not the time to fight for it"?
How to prove □Q from P→Q and □P?
What’s the difference between rhizome and monad?
Does Tegmark's hypothesis include dynamical mathematical structures?
What is Kant's Proof for the Existence of the Noumenal World?
Is my understanding on Kant's section contained in the critique of pure reason "The transcendental Aesthetic" correct?
Who has used Poetry for Philosophy?
Is there an argument against physicalism on the grounds that the view would make what we call a subjective experience astronomically unlikely?
Are the fundamental laws of logic always true in every field known to man?
The paradox of comprehension
Aristotle's Logic and Human Thought
Do qualia have Being?
Is it there any model of the universe (considered by physicists) which would be the product of a simulation?
How to create a "definition", such as "what is the definition of a bear"
Examples of theories that assume the existence of an “External Reality”?
Is a paradox a concept?
Nozick's Tracking Theory Problems
Does Heidegger (or Blanchot?) reflect on the form of the question itself?
Are these Two Premises Potential Flaws in Kant's Moral Theory?
Why should we fear death
What's so bad about giving up the Axiom of Choice?
Are phenomenological essences experiences that occur in every possible world?
What is the difference between a " particular" and an " individual being "? ( Ontology)
Can a different universe be built with three dimensions?
Where can I read Kant's view of thinking as willing, spontaneity and re-presenting?
Can anyone explain the concept of "being-thus"?
Would it be ethical to use AI to determine a user’s gender from the content they upload, without them knowing?
Does ◻(∀x)[Px ≡ ◻(E!x → Qx)] and ◻(∀x)(Qx → ◻E!x) entail ◻(∀x){Px ≡ ◻[E!x & (E!x → Qx)]}?
Are there recent coherence theory of truth for mathematical truths?
What are the disadvantages of utilitarianism?
Do morality requires a grounding (especially a being)?
Cause and Effect - Finished infinity
Aristotle's Categories: Original Greek text for Chapter 2?
Negation of equality in FOL
What are the conditions for RAA?
What are the identity conditions for " a truth"
Can zero be defined without some definition of one? Can one be defined without some definition of zero?
Ultimate goal of science?
What is horizontal attentional displacement?
Ontology in the Nietzschean framework
What is Nagel's definition of 'The Absurd'?
Logic of associated rights
Are there any well known academic philosophy forums?
Nothing human is foreign to me
Language and Philosophy
Circularity between truth and meaning?
Is the normative value of linguistic usage a counterexample to the impossibility of deriving " ought" from "is"?
Where did Carnap express his disagreement with Wittgenstein's Tractatus?
Is the story "The happiness of fish" in Zhuangzi about naïve realism?
Plantinga's Free Will Defense and his stance on God's omnipotence
Why is there no "Mario Bunge" entry in the SEP? Where could I find a valuable presentation of Mario Bunge's philosophy?
Agential Realism and diffractive reading to analysis a specific topic
Can classical logic have deduction with infinite steps
Mathematical Universe
Can neglect and refutation towards rejuvenation (anti-aging) be considered as suicide?
What law/razor is it that says that providing an opportunity severely increases a person's use of that opportunity?
Are there truth tables for strict implication?
Are all explanations either personal or scientific?
How do Thomists prove that: "Everything that exists must exist by something."?
Is God a solipsist?
What is the the difference between common sense and phronesis?
Are the following examples hypocritical?
How do we know what we know is right?
The meaning behind Seneca's quote
Fitch Question Help
What could be "Wittgenstein's strong disapproval of Russell's introduction to the book [Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus]"?
How exactly Wittgenstein "inspired two schools of thought [logical positivism/logical empiricism and analytic/linguistic movement/Cambridge School]"?
Are we biologically limited from knowing the universe?
What is a natural deduction proof from ~(A↔B) to ~(A→B)?
Hard Predicate Proof Help
Why do we need model theory to express semantics?
Is there a reason to know?
How is 'existence' defined?
Is it there any specific and well known continous/analog alternative to Wheeler's discrete "It from Bit"?
How many types of theodicy are possible?
How does Plantinga's "transworld depravity" compare with what Calvinists call "total depravity"?
De Re, Counterfactuals, and rigidity
The essence of real Europeans
Are there philosophers who argue for a close connection between consciousness and existence?
Do the dimensions have an infinite number of combinations of the appearance?
Ethics of Cryonics
Why does a philosophical zombie need to have qualia to see colours?
How is Wittgenstein’s “notorious paragraph” about the Gödel's Theorem not obviously correct?
Nietzsche on Goethe: Not an ascetic priest, "He knows more."
Is Spiritual aspect a part of Western Philosophy?
Plato - against teaching philosophy to children
Is existence essential to God?
Is materialism a philosophy accepted by the majority in western societies?
What are problems that arise by denying the existence of abstract things?
Do all arguments against mind-body identity theory assume that every pain is the same?
Is Hegel's sublation a gateway to Deleuze's Difference and Repetition?
How this dilemma (about freedom) go? And where is it from?
Was there a potentiality for God to create a perfect being?
Fitch Proof Help
Can the height in another dimension look different from different dimensions?
Pragmatic encroachment: how is the basis for X being accurate different from the basis of when it is accurate to say someone knows that X is accurate?
Has Thomas Nagel written on love?
Academic papers/longer works on the refutation of God?
Is there a quantitative model of Bentham's Hedonic Calculus?
What is the purpose of the existence of the universe?
Is Vox Day right about "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"?
Multiverse and the anthropic principle?
Why is the word "however" used here? What does it mean?
Do people tend to immorality like every Abrahamic religion told?
The ethics of evolutionary custodianship
What does it mean to have an "account" of something?
What does Kant mean by the terms "objective" and "subjective"?
Interpreting conditional statements
Is knowledge possible without theory?
Resource recommendations for cogent arguments against the MWI of quantum mechanics
'Truth conditions cannot simultaneously serve as both a definition of truth and meaning of sentence' What does this mean?
Why are non-logical predicates of 0-arity treated as logical variables?
Fitch Questions Please Help Me
Word for naming (complex, abstract) phenomena
Is marxist dialetic according to Aristotle classical logic?
Fitch Question Please Help Me
Having trouble starting a proof
Name of fallacious reasoning about the reality of abstractions
Another logic proof problem I'm stuck on :(
Does falsifiability merely demarcate science from non-science, or does it actually say we should reject non-science?
What is the meaning of using a mathematical structure to describe physics?
Calumnies on Aristotle's character
How do Thomists justify "same causes in the same circumstances produce always the same effects." in light of Quantum Mechanics?
Logical Necessity
Does the Münchhausen trilemma negate its validity?
Modal logics - philosophical paradoxes using modeling by possible worlds
Proof Tree to Fitch Proof
Analogy between an unknown in an argument, and a contradiction in the principle of explosion
Does our knowledge increase or decrease when we assign 0.5 probability to our belief, after being presented with new evidence?
What are the limits of language?
What is Quine’s reductionism?
What are the top candidate ideas for pursuing a good life?
Philosophers dealing with fundamental structure of everything
Can a solipsist doubt?
How and why Aristotelian essentialism is a problem for Quine?
Enchiridion, 16: Does a stoic moan, or not?
Language confusion; necessary/nomological/true in all worlds
Illusion of choice and free will
Did Wheeler's "It from Bit" allow inconsistencies to exist?
Can a Rigid Designator still exist if there is only one possible world?
Are the philosophies of fallibilism, evidentialism and pragmatism mutually exclusive?
What did Bohm exactly mean when he said that mind and matter were the same?
Is Virtue Ethics based on self-interest?
What is the essence of stoicism?
Axiomatization of philosophy?
What is the Barcan Formula?
Attitude towards different animal species
Moral reasoning asymmetry
The mechanics of logic
The strangness of time
A question about possibility
What's illogical in Justice Kagan's hypothetical with law clerks writing and editing memos?
What are good sources on vivid designators?
Can voluntary radical change of core beliefs be considered as a suicide from perspective of psychological continuity?
What undergraduate-level books focus on analogical arguments?
Is it immoral to kill a philosophical zombie?
Is it immoral to make a living off of a religious product that I made?
Do computer languages instantiate only predicate calculus?
Intellectual History of Idea in A Geneaology of Morals Essay One
Explanation vs. prediction in statistics and in the philosophy of science?
Quantifying moral obligation
Does Gregory Chaitin propose a computable or an uncomputable ontology?
Utilitarianism revisited
Instinct driven decisions
ELI5 - Abduction vs. Inference to Best Explanation (IBE)
What exactly is a first-order logic?
Can I use some software method to solve and derive logic proofs?
Value of human life in a simulation
Is it possible to enumerate metaphysical hypotheses?
What does it truly mean to have a will? Is it the same as being conscious?
On the meaning of "θάνατός ἐστιν ὁκόσα ἐγερθέντες ὁρέομεν, ὁκόσα δὲ εὕδοντες ὕπνος"
Which solution is better for this predicate?
Prerequisites to study aesthetics
Pythagorean metaphysics
Would this experiment establish whether wave function collapse is caused by consciousness?
Is there a term for the belief that "if it's legal, it's moral"?
What is the difference between Adorno's 'fragmentation' and post-modern art's fragmentation?
A question about material implication
Fitch Arrow Proofs
What tends to be the opinion on Heidegger's analysis of Greek philosophy?
Goal of liberation in yoga - Isn't it Boring?
What do they call philosophers in China?
Is the doomsday argument flawed?
Can a fact rely on an inference?
What are the conditions needed for a good argument in the field of informal logic?
What are the types of non-deductive arguments?
Inconsistency in Tegmark's Mathematical Universe Hypothesis?
Is all language meaningful?
Maurice Blanchot's view on death?
Is there a term for the belief that if it's illegal, it's immoral?
Why does one need to specify that the language is "well-orderable" for first order logic to be complete?
How could Occam's razor possibly be used metaphysically?
Can anyone tell which one of these sentences are materially implies(implication) and logically implies(implication)?
The extended problem of criterion
Fitch Proof - Arrow's logic of preferences
Does all information about you belong to you?
Does it mean that argument from ignorance can be non-fallacious?
Should we accept non-predictive inductive arguments based on cultural judgments?
Popper and indeterminism, why is it part of philosophy?
Size of infinite sets
Reference request - philosophy of history of science
Completeness and Consistency of Moral Systems(Ethics)
Logical, semantic and self-referential paradoxes: The Truth teller and the Liar (draft) can an expert on the matter give feedback?
What fallacy is committed when one argues that a conclusion is false simply because the person arguing it has lied before?
Is is logically inconsistent to say that male on female violence is wrong? (Compared to vice versa)
Can mathematics and physics be thought of as branches of philosophy?
The source of a Nietzsche quote
Could the link between virtues and pleasures and pains in the third chapter of Nicomachean Ethics' book II be considered a hypothetical syllogism?
A possible way to test whether integrated information theory causes collapse?
What is the meaning of free variables?
When did the idea of free will begin? Same for determinism
What falls under Hegel's concept of "absolute knowledge": does that include deductive logic and scientific explanation?
Is there a word for the type of rhetorical strategy where you distract from the point in order to seem authoritative?
What is the distinction Donnellan uses between referential use and attributive use in regards to Strawson and Russell?
What did Ivan Illich think of Helmut Schoeck?
Book Introduction to Logic. Patrick Suppes-Section 2.1-Excercise 4
Why are there so many religions and gods?
Are "univerals" created? Do they evolve?
Which philosophers proposed theories containing a performative contradiction?
Is an argument valid if one of the premises don't affect the conclusion?
Does enlightenment mean loss of all emotions?
Why did Nozick write both 'different' and 'differential' in the same paragraph?
What is an argument with necessarily true conclusion?
How does utilitarianism deal with probabilities?
What is the meaning of this Chuang-Tzu quote?
The Effects of Marx's Moral Character on Communism
Is Kant's thing-in-itself equivalent to Freud's unconscious?
Is there a term for prioritisation of values in ethics?
How do we separate rules of logic from non-logical constraints?
Measuring a Person's Aesthetic Sense
Could an almighty Creator make something that existed for its own sake?
Assuming we don't have a free will, why would we have this illusion?
The morality of indulging in fiction
Did the analytic philosopher G.E.M. Anscombe write anything specifically on pornography?
Is it there any direct relation between Tegmark's Mathematical Universe Hypothesis and the Holographic Principle?
Is there any difference between declarative sentences and statements?
What is that French phrase about having innate knowledge of God?
Categorical Imperative vs. Utilitarianism
Divine Command Theory vs. Rational Ethics
How to translate "Only dogs and dolphins jump if petted" into predicate logic?
What is the meaning of this Khalil Gibran quote?
Does the typological psychology of the Republic apply to the characters in Symposium?
Is it there any theory or model in theoretical physics that is akin to Tegmark's Mathematical Universe Hypothesis?
Does the Kalam cosmological argument prove that the prime Creator created this universe directly
How to translate "No dolphin sings unless it jumps" into predicate logic?
"We hear only the questions to which we are capable of finding an answer"(Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science, aphorism 196) What's his proof?
Which is the name of this fallacy?
What is the meaning of "object of" in this context?
Unproven premises leading to true conclusion imply valid premises
Purpose and examples of Phenomenological analysis (transcendental reduction)
Where to start on analytic philosophy?
Self contradictory things that can't really exist: can they be fully conceived of?
Was Nietzsche speaking of psychologists when he commented that even those with the best intentions can do immeasurable harm?
Why do some actions contain normative implications and some do not
Do human thoughts interact with matter?
Is the claim of mathematical objects being *abstract* necessary for understanding them and their applications?
Argument against Platonism
What does Bertrand Russell mean by "analytic" in this context?
Is Classical Sharia Law as described in the Koran compatible with the Constitution and current US Law?
What should be the correct form for this particular argument?
Can an entire society be unethical?
Quick question on discharging assumptions
Who can I read that talks about this?
Looking for references regarding the history of metaphysics, and specially of ontology
Knowledge and certainty
Quick question on validity of arguments across propositional and predicate logic
Transition of Mathematical Propositions
Is the beginning of Hegel's philosophy an example of foundationalism?
Did Kant classify the same proposition as both pure and impure a priori?
Is there a term of art for the idea that the law is there to protect moral people?
What does the experience of free will imply in a materialistic worldview?
Is the event of death deterministic?
why is a man of sound mind responsible for his actions?
Does the reversibility of laws of physics prove that causality doesn't exist?
What Leibniz should I read if I want to better understand Voltaire?
Do I have the right understanding of Hume's suggested association of ideas?
Who first studied "logical (ir)reversibility"?
Who first studied asymmetric relations qua relation?
What can be the repercussion for Philosophy of Science the discard of Math in Theoretical Physics?
Which philosophers explore the link between value and presuppositions?
What are the differences between conditional and relative truths?
can sentences be true or false
Parmenides objections to plato's theory of the forms?
Where is one's "power"?
Does this argument make sense?
Why do we have an expectation of symmetry?
The origin of a particular self-reference paradox
Using solipsism's incoherence with doubt as proof of the external world?
Contractualism -- Moral Contract Theory
As a person with no descendants/family is it ethical to spend all one's money during lifetime rather than leave it to charity / the state on death?
Wittgenstein's solipsist, from Tractatus?
How can a theist justify not having children?
What exactly is the relation betweeen artworks and communism, for Adorno?
Is the existential "why" a question for philosophy or is it left to theology?
What is value, for Nietzsche?
Can you imply something ironic?
Can theism be reconciled with the apparent state of dualism?
Resources on the is-ought distinction?
Negation of a relational quantified term?
Can anyone recommend a good book on The Self?
Did Whitehead express his motivation for writing with Russell the Principia Mathematica?
Incorrect statement in Suppes' Introduction to Logic
Can any philosophy of mind be empirically verified?
What are some arguments against the third man argument?
Philosophy of Law, Ethics and Visualization
Are Max Tegmark's Mathematical Universe Hypothesis and Seth Lloyd's Cosmological Model compatible?
What is the difference between logical consistency and logical entailment in deductive logic?
What are the various interpretations of modal logic?
Did anyone argue against the possibility of a perfect prediction from within a system?
When is pointing out a person's hypocrisy not considered to be a logical fallacy?
Recently became aware of the term philosophical psychotherapy in connection with Spinoza's "Ethics"
Has no epistemologist noticed the problem with "truth" before Gettier?
Existence of numbers on number line
How to select between two competing theories?
Why is there an O type conclusion in modus celaront
How to define a new logical language
If time is emergent, how can time exist in a Christian heaven?
Can someone explain this logical statement?
Is the idea that people believed in a flat Earth in ages past grounded in historical documents?
Which Philosopher would you recommend for learning about the implied philosophy of gifted education?
Why doesn't philosophy have higher standards for its arguments?
Can we know anything about the "outside", if we are in a simulation?
Solipsistic Thinking :: Is there no maximum number;
Personal and unviersal existential nihlism
Did Nietzsche “believe” in causality?
How does Dummett see deductive inference extending our knowledge?
The enunciation clause (Lyotard & Levinas)
What is the historical relationship between physics and philosophy?
David Lewis and probability
Does the Universe make sense?
What is the goal and toolset of philosophy?
Is Hegel's Logic an Ontology?
Who are the author of the principle "everything is permitted that does not contradict the freedom of others"?
Philosophy in everyday life
Why do people argue in favor of IQs, while then encouraging people (of any IQ) to use hard work to obtain the same successes?
Free Will and Causeless Causes
Does the real line mean that the start and end points of any line must exist?
Does property dualism imply survival in the teletransportation paradox?
Trouble with cookies
Natural/Artificial distinction
Does God still know what He has forgotten?
How can one explain this conflict between philosophy and classical physics?
Is the Münchhausen trilemma really a trilemma?
Arguments against Relativism
At what stage of human development does a person attain secondary consciousness?
Are there analytic philosophers of difference?
why "I think therefore I am" not "I think therefore I am thinking"?
Cogito corollaries and meaning
When is it okay to criticize someone?
If entities are all that IS [entities = being], isn't Heidegger's claim that being is something "extra" incongruent?
How do you prove (p => q => r) => (p => q) => p => r using the Fitch system?
Transcendental and non-transcendental god and objectivism
Different ways of interpreting propensities
How would a theist answer this argument against heaven?
In First-Order Logic, can you deduce an existential quantifier purely from other existential quantifiers?
How is "pointing out whataboutism" a form of tu quoque fallacy?
How does mathematics work?
Suppose there's more to metaphysics than what is true: then so what?
Is art a form of communication?
Honestly have no Idea how to prove A v ¬¬B from A v B (LPL Q. 6.18)
Using differential equation to estimate epistemological growth constant
Popper on probability
Confusion between deductive and inductive reasoning definitions
Given premise ~(P↔Q) how can one derive (~P↔Q) using Fitch?
Can Fallibilism itself be fallible?
Is contrast necessary to existence?
Preference Utilitarianism with regards to humans and animals
Philosophic current in this excerpt of Ask the dust
Why does Elon Musk say we almost certainly live in a simulated reality?
David Lewis and naturalism
Does a two-way infinite time imply that every event is recurrent?
What is a dog? (or car, city, etc)
Is participating in democracy ethical?
I don't understand Parmenides's argument for why we can't think about what doesn't exist
How do proponents of finitism respond to the claim that their position is "dubiously coherent"?
Occam's razor and the Multiverse Hypotesis
Philosophical papers based on modern cosmological theories
Should Bergson be described as an individualist?
How to use use the Fitch System to prove (¬p ⇒ q) ⇒ ((¬p ⇒ ¬q) ⇒ p)?
Is the main idea behind Sartre's existencialism self-contradictory?
Are formal sciences rationalistic and natural sciences empiricist?
What is the name of the fallacy where acknowledging an issue is confused with actually addressing the issue?
Name of book series with interlocking cover designs
What is conditional probability?
Why is Plato's visible world said to be Heraclitean and Plato's intelligible world said to be Parmenidean?
If each of our thoughts is entirely determined by the brain, can there be free will or a soul?
Did Carnap propose some kind of Modal Realism?
How valid is assignment of probabilites when evidence is totally lacking, as in Pascal's Wager?
The best definition on what is moral/good
How to resolve this argument against possibility of change?
Does life have a natural or supernatural origin?
Is it possible that philosophical problems arise because of confusions on our language?
Why has modern physics not permeated throughout all of philosophy?
What if Euthyphro gave the opposite answer?
Why does Williams quote Napoleon calling Rouseau a madman?
Is double negation always applicable to commitments?
How our brain can trick us when me and my brain are possibly the same?
Source of a Russell quote about purpose and meaninglessness
major/minor term of a syllogism when order of conclusion can be reversed
How to solve this natural deduction problem?
Is the internet a commodity in the Marxist sense?
Is Mathematics the Ultimate Culmination of Analytic Philosophy?
How can we decide which view to accept concerning our ultimate justification of our knowledge (Münchhausen trilemma)?
What is the meaning of life in the Myth of Sisyphus?
Are there rules for the following in the Open Logic Project's proof checker?
Does modern physics lend support to or reject dualism?
Is there a field of study for AI inspired goals for humans?
Is the moral compass of an individual inherent or is this aspect of their nature acquired due to experience?
Consistency of Axioms
Why do we punish crime?
What are the benefits of three dimensional space?
Do nominalists predicate everything equivocally?
How strong are arguments realting to cosmology in problems of personal identity?
Does Søren Kierkegaard want people to never change?
How much background do I need to read the book: Tractatus logico-philosophicus?
What is structural power in Miranda Fricker's Epistemic Injustice?
What are the requirements for performing a counterfactual inference?
Does Bostrom's simulation argument make sense?
Is argument from need a valid type of reasoning, even in some cases?
Are decidability problems an example of strong emergence?
Definition of A Psychopath
Where does this Alan Watts audio clip come from?
What is the difference between "logical equivalence" and "material equivalence"?
Do Gödel's First Incompleteness Theorem imply the inconsistency of Platonic Infinity?
A small reformulation of the Cosmological Argument
The notion of knowledge for Kant and mathematical objects
Second Order Quantification without Ontological Commitment
How can the position of skepticism avoid becoming incoherent on the problem of the criterion?
Is determinism logically flawed?
Presenting an example, then claiming the other person needs more information before using the same example - is either of us making a fallacy?
Inconsistency of Classical Electrodynamics
Does anyone claim freedom toward death is not for me, but for others?
Decidability of predicate logic
Did Logical Positivism fail because it simply denied human emotion?
Solve using rules of inference
Does mathematical formalism have an opinion on semantics?
How does the 'Brain in a Vat Argument' differ from the 'Simulation Argument'?
Reconciling Utilitarianism and Rawls's Theory of Justice as Fairness
Plato and the knowledge of the forms
Validity of different pramāṇas for Hinduism
From knowledge based society to society based knowledge?
What kind of fallacy is this? (resembles faulty comparison + red herring)
Really, what is love?
Would answering belief challenges be the same as the scientific method?
Death in utilitaranism
Is the fact that there are qualia something internal or external?
Could an argument with false Premises and a true Conclusion be logically valid?
What was the humanist conception of subject/object?
If you are predictable do you have free will?
Do You feel Your self in a Solipsistic Condition?
Why there are "Copy Rights" if not Reference Rights?
In Hegelian Dialectic is an antithesis ever a shift in the status quo, or only an opposition to the status quo?
Husserl's Logical Investigations volume II as entry point for Phenomenology
What is to be understood by the phrase "Israel's right to exist"?
How does Chalmers' "hard problem" differ from the "mind-body problem"?
Methods of Falsification: Just Evidence & Experimentation?
Divine temporality and spacetime
Historicism vs Determinism
Why does the sense of self change between going to sleep and waking up?
In an argument: why True P and False C is invalid, but False P and True C is valid?
What is the theory called where a person has different behaviors according to the person in front of her?
How does one argue for the rationality of assigning subjective probabilities in the context of Pascal’s Wager?
Definition vs Logic
What is 'schizo culture'?
The Farmer narration by Alan Watts
Can someone help me with the meaning of these passages in Sartre's Being and Nothingness on motion?
Can someone help with these passages Sartre's BeIng and Nothingness on Knowledge?
Can't understand Tao Te Ching quote
How to make sense of minds of others?
All philosophers are nerds. So, no squares are circles
Is justice hard-wired into humans?
Is there a need to get oneself sufficiently familiar with Freud in order to understand Anti-Oedipus?
Life as the standard of value in Ayn Rand's Objectivism, and the significance of a flourishing life
Confused about the answers to two logic problems
How does one go about this natural deduction proof?
Help with an existential natural deduction proof
What are an object's decomposition criteria?
Authors who think Culture is power?
Things can exist even if it is impossible to provide concrete examples of it?
What are some examples of x=f(x) type questions
Theology of set theory
Problem with existential import in syllogisms (Barbara)
According to early Wittgenstein, do we need language or thought for the mystical to show itself?
Hegel's Master Slave dialectic
How does one tell if logical expressions are equivalent?
Authors on the Credibility and Corruption of Modern Science
How does Descartes argue that mind and body are different substances if mind can exist without a body?
What is the difference between faith and belief in philosophy?
Is there a reference list of classic tautologies that are not intuitionistic tautologies for propositional logic?
Do percentages of negative things in a given sample matter more or less than the quantity of negative things?
Is there a limit to abstraction?
Is there a fallacy about "appeal to 'big words'"?
If a person claims to know anything could it be disproven by saying 'prove that we are not in a simulation'?
Solipsism, Certainty, and Doubt
Does the existential quantifier express existence?
Two questions on the principle of indifference
Where does Bertrand Russell discuss mysticism?
Do those who deny a univocal understanding of "God is good" conflate sense and connotation?
Is sophistry used as a performance art in modern times?
How can mereology be applied to the substantivalism and relationism spacetime discussion?
Is brain reward hacking immoral?
Do any arguments -- at all-- about qualia work analogously to arguments about causation?
How does particularism fare with descriptive relativisim and its relation to moral skepticism?
Does Gandhi's paraphrase of Augustine's phrase distort its meaning?
What is the status of the impossibility of metaphysics?
Doubt about the possibility of knowing someone is actually saying the truth
Non-Ego and Ego and Sartre
The needs of many (in 'ok' circumstances) vs. the needs of few (in 'extreme' circumstances)
What is the difference in logic between strong and weak negation?
Name of Argument Type
Since I cannot answer to the last Top question, is ok to create a new Post to answer that question?
How do we establish that external world knowledge is at least likely to be true?
Is the Kantian CI universalization conceived of as everyone doing the act at the same time?
How are positive duties morally less powerful than negative ones?
Are the foundations of mathematics "doomed" to be set-theoretic in nature?
An erotetic argument about the liar paradox
Do object-oriented philosophers have questions?
How does denying existence of moral reasons to achieve results, also denies the existence of (normal) moral reasons to try to achieve them?
Is Duff's test of failure just the contrapositive of "D intends a consequence of his action if he acts with the aim of producing that consequence"?
Jon Burnett's statement about "religions of the oriental type" and Ancient Greece
Why does the ethical doctrine of double effect presume "the bad consequence is not a means to the good consequence"?
Are some religious claims subject to empirical testing?
Is there a theory about art as a perception(way to "see" things?)
How is Last Thursdayism explained from a physics perspective?
Do any philosophers use falsification as a test of truth or accuracy?
What kind of fallacy is "Appeal to Force"?
What are some views on the ability to transfer consciousness into a machine?
What are the basis of all or a majority of moral systems?
What does 'require' mean in this statement of Danto's view on (institutional) art?
What is "circular logic" argument?
What do Marxists make of contemporary technophobia?
Why are there never any disagreements about what date today is?
Contemporary problem of induction
Application of Epistemology to Robotics or other machine-based "exploration" systems?
Why there is no suberogation function?
What is the difference between a premise and an assumption in logic?
Extent of hypotheticals in applied philosophy?
Are there any notable works that touch on pursuing a moral good that is likely futile?
Is this an argument about the world or about human cognition?
What are some popular theories/opinions in philosophy against the certainty placed on the laws of logic and its results?
Is there a word like Gaia, but to refer to the people of the world?
Can someone define Strauss's "natural right" for me
Divine simplicity vs. divine aseity
What is the relationship between experience and science?
What is Our Existence?
Hegel's Master and slave dialectic interpretation
How do you measure circular reasoning?
Humean supervenience and Quine
Quine's perspective on laws of nature
What do we mean by "impossible" when we say "morality does not require doing the impossible"?
Do Nietzscheans think not lying to yourself has intrinsic value?
Did physicist Max Born think that mathematical structures are platonic entities?
Has the manifestation of ideas been explored before?
Uncertainty and evidence
How does contemporary analytic philosophy reply to the late Wittgenstein's injunction against theory?
Who was profiting when Nietzsche said "if he is immodest enough to wish to profit those whose spirit and will are concealed..."?
What does Ted Honderich's attitudinism mean for moral responsibility?
Utilitarian justification of unconsented sex
Poincare says we are born geometric or arithmetic thinkers. Which was Grothendieck and why?
What is the procentual probability that we live in the objective reality independent of our consciousness rather than in some virtual reality?
Does Barrow and Tipler's "anthropic principle-multiverse" entail the existence of all logically possible universes?
Why is there so little discussion / research on the philosophy of precision?
Trichotomy in philosophy
Does infinity imply uncertainty? (Or the other way around?)
Why are you doing something in a certain situation?
Where did Nietzsche say he was not the overman?
What does object oriented philosophy say about commodity fetishism?
Sum ergo cogito?
Is this valid in first-order modal logic?
Is it true in some sense that the only "truth" people are capable of knowing is the "truth" that they assume to be true?
What fallacy is arguing from something being more X to it being completely X?
What are some key differences between an argument in logic and a theory in mathematics?
Could hypothetical imperatives be fictions?
How do transactions of apprehension become 'a tempori' rather than 'a priori' and/or 'a posteriori'?
Why is it argued that an argument has one and only one conclusion?
Can we really learn anything?
((P=P)=(-P=-P)) -> negation of (P or -P)
A deontic premise that leads to a necessity from a permission
Point Paradox as Grounding for Awareness as Assumption
Max Tegmark's Mathematical Universe
Would this be an invalid or valid argument?
Fallacies negate all Fallacies --- Do Identity Principles In Logic Negate the Fallacies?
Russel's paradoxical set from a different view
Do Most Philosophers Ignore the Rules of Dialectical Logic?
Scientific truth vs. mathematical truth
Does "Uncertainty is the only certainty" cause any paradox?
Question about conjunctions
Does St. Thomas Aquinas' cosmological argument from contingency assume that an infinite regress of contingent things is impossible?
Reasoning for deductive inference?
Nietzsche’s views on human curiosity
Clarification regarding "Hume's argument against the justifiability of induction"
Liar paradox from a different view/resolved?
Reasoning for Inductive inference?
Does Brassier say that perceptual objects are not paradigmatic objects?
If I said I had $100 when asked, but I actually had $200, would I be lying by omission?
Mechanics of Perception
Linguistic explanation of a set being an element of itself or containing itself and can you be part of yourself or contain yourself?
Are there central theories on aesthetics?
Demonstrate that the following argument is invalid
What responses have been made to Churchland's claim that the Knowledge Argument is equivocal?
Diagram the following argument and explain which premises it is using such as intermediate, independent, or joint
What characteristics are generally considered traits for perfection?
William's argument against the desirability of immortality
Did physicist Eugene Wigner think that every mathematical structure existed as an isolated universe?
Question on Hypothetico-Deductive Method
Is illiteracy something you could claim as freedom in the Libertarian world view?
Authors on consciousness and its relation with suffering
Did consciousness always exist?
Putnam on computationalism
Is this logical? Topic on death being a black box
Does the Law Of Excluded Middle Apply to the Principle Of Identity and Non Contradiction?
According to Stirner, are other humans "spooks"?
Can the Munchausseen Trillema Justify Platonic Forms as Grounds for Reasoning?
The Paradox of all Formalizations Requiring Assumptions
The synthetic apriority of the categorical imperative
In how far is experiencing other Consciousness' part of the Hard Problem of Consciousness?
Why do we need geometry for pure math?
What is the case for free will?
Can one have propositional knowledge without knowing the corresponding proposition?
Does Infinitism Necessitate all Axioms as Void?
How did Suarez defend objectivity of human knowledge (cognition)?
What is Robert Nozick alluding to by a “vast generalization” of Feynman’s path integral?
I want to be enlightened further on the truth of Humanity and it's seemingly never ending potential
Clarifications on 1) Modus Ponens, 2) Modus Tollens, 3) Inductive, 4) Incomplete based on examples
Problem with defining existence and being conscious
Does Deduction Necessitate Approximation and Vagueness?
Serious arguments against skepticism about the external world?
Are Aristotelian Identity Logics Subject to Equivocation under Schrödinger's Cat?
This philosopher deliberately taught misinformation
Why did Kant think that you should be responsible for the consequences of lying but not for the consequences of telling the truth?
What is the difference between praxis and poiesis?
Why is the concept of self-awareness important?
"First Outline" - does Schelling contradict himself in the Sun-Earth relation?
How to start to understand Walter Benjamin's work?
Regulative and constitutive concepts for Kant?
How disjunction works with the conditional excluded middle
The idealism of Kant and Berkeley
Camus’ opinion of hedonism and determinism
expansion of the universe
Philosophy of anti thinking: What does it feels like to consciously not thinking about X?
Is true beauty long lasting (through long periods of time)? Is beauty therefore objective?
What is the difference between stupid and crazy?
Can "moral reasoning" be defined as a perception?
How to argue that some inequality is justifiable in order to maximize the well-being of the worst off in Rawls's theory of justice?
What is the logical law proving "if not p then q" is equivalent to "p or q"?
If someone had the potential to do anything
On a specific illusion of consciousness
Aesthetics: why is "formalism" used as a pejorative term?
What does the "the same thinking thing in men" fragment of Parmenides's poem mean?
The Sartre Paradox
Does intuitionistic negation of A mean that there does not exist a proof of A?
