What exactly does Tone Curve do in Lightroom?
How to reproduce Renaissance painting styles in photography?
How can I salvage an HDR image from non-optimal source images?
How can I get better results photographing dry erase boards?
Does Adobe DNG Converter remove EXIF information?
How can I use Canon Photo Print Pro with 64-bit Photoshop CS5?
Can a fast prime lens simulate a macro lens for food photography?
What is considered a professional grade Macro lens?
Why can't digital camera sensors expose each photosite individually?
What are options for macro lighting?
Do normal macro lenses suffer the same light reduction as tubes?
What software is available for macro focus stacking?
What determines the reproduction ratio when lens stacking for macro shots?
Does Nikon or anybody else have an equivalent on the Canon MP-E 65?
Are there macro focusing techniques for handheld shots?
How can I calculate magnification ratio I get by reversing a lens?
Does the lens mount matter when reverse mounting for macro?
Is there a Point and Shoot camera with a Macro function or ability?
Is there a comfortable, secure, light, and cheap sling shoulder strap system?
Why does my aperture setting change as I zoom on my DSLR kit lens?
What are the types of camera supports, and when to use which?
Can adapters convert between different thread sizes for reverse mounting a lens?
What kind of camera bag would I look for to allow fast lens swaps?
How can I organise photos on a network storage device, and what software can help me?
What is a good starter macro book?
What properties should I look for to judge tripod quality?
What is the technical difference between focus and zooming?
How much distance between subject and backdrop?
How to compute luminous intensity in a photograph?
Can white balance be changed in scene modes with the Nikon Coolpix L23?
How to/Best Methods to Correct Washed Out JPEGs?
Can UV haze and high-contrast sunlight affect the appearance of bokeh?
Why doesn't Aperture show black as black?
Shooting old buildings using an 18-55 and 75-300 lenses (Canon)
Is it possible to make "Protected" the default state for new images on my Nikon D3000?
Recommendation: Photo sharing website for a photographer
What should I select for my first photo printer?
How to test used/second-hand lens?
What are major differences between Nikon D series?
Why does my Nikon D5000's AF Assist only turn on in some automatic modes?
What happens when a Sony SLT camera is operated with mirror up?
How to carry a DSLR on a motorcycle?
What are XQD memory cards?
Could I get decent underwater photos from a waterproof compact camera or is it worth buying a housing?
What is Quiet mode on a DSLR?
What are the differences between different types of cloth backdrops?
What are the advantages to using EF-S lenses on Canon APS-C cameras?
Are flashes really subject to a "use it or lose it" problem?
How to do batch file conversion with face recognition in Windows Live Photo Gallery?
Why does Picasa open RAW images correctly then desaturate them?
What is a Picasa alternative for posting to a website?
Why am I getting dark spots with my Singh-Ray 77mm vari-ND filter?
Do Professional and Semi professional cameras have "steadyshot" technology?
Can I find Lightroom Publish Collections with photos pending Publication?
How useful is image stabilization in a macro lens?
How can I maintain photo color consistency across computer monitors?
What things should I keep in mind while shooting birds
Are DSLRs a dying breed, making now the time to switch to a mirrorless camera system?
Why would you want to take pictures without a memory card in your camera?
Would a polarizing filter help get better images from a security camera pointed out a window?
What lens should I buy to get better pictures of a one-year old running around a dimly-lit house?
When should I prefer 2-way or 4-way macro focusing rails?
Are the 50mm f/1.8 and 75-300mm zoom good lens choices beyond the kit lens for a Rebel T1i?
What's the easiest way to deliver RAW images online to a client?
Is this scenario considered copyright infringement?
Getting the starburst in sun shine like this photo is from post processing or done at capture?
How is this lighting and colouring effect achieved?
How can I use a zoom lens easily with a rain cover?
What is bulb ramping?
What are the biggest differences between Reversal Rings, Extension Tubes and Macro Lenses?
Why don't you need to calibrate a camera's LCD screen?
What features in Lightroom 4 make it worth upgrading?
Which lens to buy: 50mm f/1.8G or 10-20mm as first extra lens for travel to Japan?
Is there a resource showing Mechanical vs. Non-Mechanical shutter cameras?
Why is Lightroom 3 having trouble importing from my iPhone 3GS?
What are the best apps used to process photos taken by an iPhone?
How to avoid double chin and glossy skin in portraits?
Which model is a good first DSLR, the Sony SLT A35, Canon 550D or Nikon 3100?
Which tripod plates are compatible with the Nikon D7000?
How to set up a diamond for photography?
What reverse connector do I need for Nikon?
How to read a lens spot diagram?
How does automatic HDR software work?
Aperture Master files
Do the preset picture styles also affect the White Balance?
What is causing this white spot in every photo with my D90?
When to use different combinations of TTL/TTL-BL and Spot/Matrix metering?
How to capture the scale of a scene?
How wide a backdrop do I need?
What type of gray allows for the most flexibility in a background?
What program can blur a photo to show motion?
Are scene modes, white balance, color tones, and similar just post-processing effects?
What does "distortion <XX%" mean in lens specs?
Where does the ¹/shutter speed = focal length rule for hand shake come from?
Why does this Aperture smart album with flags & labels contain more than it should?
What is the trade-off with Energizer-brand compatible battery packs?
Why does Adobe Camera Raw 6.4.1 offer different White Balance for different photos?
What creative things can I do with incompatible lenses?
What are the physical limits of a mechanical shutter?
What are the differences between a bridge camera and a DSLR?
How to post process in Lightroom 3 to achieve rich colors like this
Is overall light gathering of a lens only dependant on aperture?
Export options for printing with Aperture 3
How can the aperture value written in Exif be larger than the nominal limit of the lens?
How to properly archive Lightroom
Will an SSD provide a noticeable benefit for Lightroom over a traditional harddrive?
Is there a "bible" for portrait photography like "Light, Science and Magic" is for lighting? 
How can I get good results from a one-light portrait setup?
Soft boxes vs umbrellas, pros and cons
How can I best shoot portraits with only two lights?
Broad and short lighting: is one more flattering for female portraits? for male?
How to remove duplicate masters in Aperture?
How do I light a full length portrait?
How does the megapixel-count and the aperture size affect the quality of the image from a given lens?
What are the advantages of moving from the Canon 550D to Nikon D5100?
Is there any software which displays geotagging plus compass data visualizations?
Can using an old flash damage a new DSLR?
What causes strange spiral pattern on my star line?
In PhotoShop / Camera Raw, why are the default adjustments not all 0?
What is the cause of these round spots on my photograph?
Should I perform the final color space conversion before or after final sharpening of an image?
What do you call the symbols that you can see on the edges when you look into your camera viewer?
What tripod-ready camera sling-type strap is suitable for rangefinder cameras with two side lugs?
How can I stage a realistic-seeming jungle shoot without an actual jungle?
Why is there a strange white spot on all of photos from my Zenit-B SLR?
Where does the noise come from in a long exposure?
What are good websites to buy second hand/after market lenses?
How to find models for portraiture?
Why are doubled polarization filters as continuous ND not popular?
What advantage does giclee have over traditional photosensitive print making?
Are camera sling straps comfortable to wear when you also carry a backpack?
What is a Carl Zeiss lens in a camera?
Why is there too much noise in a fog photograph?
What are jpeg artifacts and what can be done about them?
How to elimitate light leakage in my Zenit-B SLR?
Is there a list of photo printing services that use the Flickr API?
Why is there a big price difference between Instax mini and Instax wide?
Should I care about jpeg2000 (and does anyone else)?
Does fog enhance the colours during dawn and dusk?
What makes a job interview photo great?
"Grown Graphic" filters - legit or fakes?
Should I buy the Nikon 70-300 VRII or the Tamron 70-300 VC (A005)?
How critical is it to expose raw images correctly?
How to ask a photographer for proof of insurance in the US?
How do I avoid so much noise in this HDR image?
What is "100% crop?"
How do you reconcile generally positive user comments with negative comments in a review?
What is the meaning of "cropped sensor"?
Are prime lenses sharper than normal or telephoto zoom lenses?
How do I break into a higher end market segment for wedding photography?
What is a normal lens?
What is a reasonable formula for depreciation of photography equipment?
What is the best lens correction software which integrates with Aperture 3?
How do straight edges end up curved in photos?
What technical factors make bokeh particularly trendy in recent years?
How Does Lightroom 4 Coexist with 3.6?
Should I add my exported photos to my Lightroom catalog?
Where do these "redshifts" and "blueshifts" come from?
What should I look for in a ultra compact camera?
Are there any pro wildlife photographers using the Pentax DA* 300mm?
Will I receive the upgrade discount to Lightroom 4 from Lightroom 2
How does the Tamron 55-200mm LD macro lens compare to the Canon 55-250mm IS?
How do I decide between "RAW as Master" and "JPEG as Master" when importing RAW+JPEG into Aperture?
How can I make Lightroom auto-backup to jpeg?
How can I overlay two images exactly by scaling one of them in gimp?
How can I get extended bracketing on a Canon 40D?
Why are greycards used for white balance?
Why doesn't Canon 18-200 mm lens show any visible difference from 170 to 200 mm?
What system should I use for photo management and sharing over a LAN?
How can I scan film from APS canisters?
Which battery grip should I get for my Canon 60D and why?
Where is the setting for metering mode located under the D90 menu?
How can I compare the MTF results on Photozone from the Pentax SMC DA* 300mm with similar lenses from Canon and Nikon?
What can tall photographers do about tripod height?
If I back up a Lightroom catalog using Mac Time Machine, will the images still be properly connected?
When should one turn off their DSLR?
Where can I find advice on using an advanced AF system for wildlife and bird photography?
Why do the 600D/7D sensors have more noise at high ISO than 5Dmk2 or 1Dmk4?
What is the "Dust-Off Reference Photo" on a Nikon DSLR?
How to take faster HDR shots with a Nikon D7000?
Do I need a $600 light meter or will a $250 one do?
Can the Nikon D700 do automatic bracketing by aperture?
What is the next step up from the Canon T2i?
'Bokeh' effect with autofocus switched off in manual mode (Nikon-D90)
Can digital photo frames display slideshows from large photo collections on a USB harddrive?
What lenses should a college photography club buy to go with an entry-level Nikon body?
How do I deal with these errors when using the Hugin command line tools?
Should I get the prime or zoom kit lens with the Panasonic GF3?
Which lens will fill the kit lens gap on the Canon 550D/Rebel Ti?
Which laptop has the best display for photographic processing?
What are the recommended photography magazines from the digital newsstand?
What cheap accessories would you suggest to improve one's photography?
Is higher ISO noise evenly distributed, or does it affect colors differently?
What is the EV scale?
Does change of lens affect a camera's megapixels?
Is it possible to export metadata, including facial tags, from Windows Live Photo Gallery to iPhoto?
Is there any damage that a lens can have that is unrepairable?
How do non-MFT lenses work on a Panasonic GF3?
Which compact camera should I choose for better low light capability
What are the best techniques for photographing butterflies in a glasshouse?
I have a Nikon F60 Manual SLR. What are the digital bodies that I can use with existing lenses
How do lens prices compare for Nikon and Canon?
How do I identify unknown thread mounts?
What lenses can I use to build a DIY tilt/shift lens for a Nikon DX body?
Do differences in color saturation across Nikon and Canon pictures matter?
What 3D lenses are available for a Sony NEX camera?
What might cause stuck focus on a manual lens?
What does it mean to "mount" slide film for processing?
How do I keep the view finder light meter info on, on a Canon EOS1100D?
What is the limiting factor in lens construction when it comes to f-stop values?
How can I cheaply set up a small studio and learn how to use it?
How are watermarks typically used in images?
Does long exposure affect the sharpness of a picture, assuming no camera shake?
DX 35mm vs FX 50mm
What professional level camera would be suitable to a beginner?
How can I accurately focus manually on an APS-C DSLR?
Is "saturation" an image-processing concept?
What settings should I use to photograph aurora borealis with a wide angle f/4 lens?
Image Quality of Canon 18-135 IS compared to 28-135 IS USM?
What would be the must have mobile phone apps for photographers?
What lenses will work best for desert landscapes?
Is it legal to stop me from taking photos in temples in India?
How to do lighting for product photography of scrapbooking stuff?
What Tone mapping settings to go for in HDR Post-processing?
Why is there no full-frame but low res sensor?
When and how to use a push-on flash diffuser?
How do I adjust the amount of fill-in flash from the built-in flash of my Canon Rebel?
Has anyone successfully mounted other lenses on Ricoh GR Digital II?
Is it better to take a high resolution photo and then resize it than to take it at lower resolution?
What is a suitable image resolution for canvas prints?
How do I work with color profiles in Windows and Photoshop to get the correct saturation and appearance?
Is it possible to set the year instead of a complete creation date in a JPEG?
Has anyone used the LensCoat for the Canon EF 100-400mm L zoom lens?
Why are there no fast APS-C zooms beyond 55mm?
How would one use filters with the "bulb"-like shape front element lenses?
Is the 'Sigma 18-200mm F3.5-6.3 II DC OS HSM' compatible with my D5000, and will it autofocus?
What are the major differences that differentiates LCD with an LED display?
Should I choose the AF Nikkor 50mm f/1.4D or AF-S DX 35mm f/1.8G?
Can a tripod head be left always on, or should it be taken off when not in use?
Is there a camera with an open interface?
How can I ensure true representation of colors on a TV screen?
How to keep track of image licenses sold?
Will using a micro SD & adapter instead of a normal SD card affect the quality of pictures and video?
Is camera damage causing these severe diagonal lines from concentrated light sources?
What do I need to do tilt-shift with a micro four-thirds camera?
Why I can't take a clear photo of a television channel?
Can a Pentax K-5 record more than 4 GB of video with an SDXC card?
What type of filters should I get for high sunny conditions?
Is it normal for a Gary Fong collapsible LightSphere to fold a Nikon SB600?
DSLR Backpack for Travelling?
Can I get noise reduction in Aperture that even gets close to the quality of Lightroom's?
Do very short shutter speeds result in diffraction?
Where can I find a sample print release form for business/commercial photographs?
Will a dSLR and compact camera produce the same bokeh output at f/2.0?
Which color settings to chose in Photoshop and Aperture with an Epson SPR2880 printer
How to take photos of large groups (over 100 people)?
Alternative to 4/3 camera without compromising quality
What keywords should I look for to find a camera capable of remote capture and upload?
Where could I find a partner to outsource defining photo clipping path?
What's the learning curve for a tilt-shift lens?
What should I look for in a good print to put on Metal?
How important is auto focus and aperture control in a macro setup?
How good is the Manfrotto 055XPROB Tripod?
Photoshop or lightroom for landscape and nature photography?
Why am I getting such high noise when using ISO 320/640?
Which is more likely to yield better overall low-light performance, Canon 1DS2 or 1DIII?
Problem sharing images from Photoshop Elements 10 to Flickr/Smugmug
What camera & lens combination(s) are ideal for animal and bird photography?
How well will a Canon 580EX II flash work on my Nikon D5000?
What batteries are best suited to Battery grips?
Why doesn't pixel peeping with magnified Live View give the sharpest possible image?
Why am I seeing two JPG files instead of RAW + JPG with a Canon 1100D?
I have scanned a film negative - how do I adjust the color using software?
Screw-in or square filters in the field?
Is there a 3rd-party Canon intervalometer which will drive both a 7D and a Rebel T3i?
How can I easily convert a large number of pictures from RAW to scaled down JPG?
Nikkor f/1.8G 35mm or 50mm?
Can I shoot sports photography in the studio with continuous lights?
Image being corrupted in DSLR
How to import metadata from extermal .xmp sidecar file when importing .jpg files into Lightroom?
Converting RAW images to lossless jpeg using GIMP?
Does the Canon EF-S 18-55mm IS offer significant benefit over the Canon EF-S 18-55mm?
Would I be better off with an older camera and a two-zoom kit or a newer one with a single IS kit lens?
What are the dark room techniques used to manipulate the *local* contrast of a print?
What camera should a student buy to transition into professional work?
My pictures are never printed. Is there any point in buying a better monitor?
Is it ever correct to describe a flash diffuser as opaque?
Does image quality on compact cameras degrade when zooming in?
What's the difference between "rapid" and non-rapid Feisol tripods?
What lens for my Nikon D3100 will provide great bokeh and keep up with fast-moving kids?
Publishing photos in UK
Have options for a good quality starter kit for a Canon APS-C changed since 2010?
What causes auto focus to misfocus?
Is focusing problems on Sigma lenses still a problem on a Canon body?
Why does my lens focus better/faster with a speedlight attached to the camera?
How to make the colors of an image taken under diffuse midday light more lively?
What kind of camera do I need to capture deep space images?
Why are my Lightroom 3 developments displaying in some applications but not others?
Does the convergence of video and photo technology in digital cameras have a negative impact on strictly photographic ability?
When do you center your subject in environmental portraits?
How do I make architecture appear larger?
Does using a different lens affect the dynamic range for HDR post-processing?
What metering mode should be used for an HDR shot?
Canon 550D - Is it a good camera for starters?
Can I permanently set column visibility in the Content pane of Adobe Bridge CS5?
Does the Nikon D4 capture 16-bit images?
Does embedding an ICC profile into an image actually embed the entirety of that profile into an image? 
Shooting with the Nikon D7000?
Why is custom white balance in Canon DSLR's so cumbersome?
Why is the sensor size small in D3100 as compared to D3000?
How can I link a specific 500px portfolio in Facebook with thumbnails in the correct order?
Is the Nikon D4's advertised frame rate for 14-bit capture?
Why is the on-camera flash trying to pop up when using a D7000 with a MK930 Speedlite?
At what point does wind become a concern with respect to damaging a lens?
When editing white balance on a computer, should I tweak tint or temperature first?
Should I sign, watermark or otherwise label a framed print? And if so how?
When is it more suitable to have a full sensor-camera instead of a crop sensor-one?
What are compressed image formats with high quality/size ratio?
Can I tell Lightroom to set export filenames to the Title if there is one or Original Filename when there isn't?
Does the Sony A77 have a shutter?
How can I improve my exposure in low-light situations?
How do I reduce the noise in this image / prevent noise in future images?
How to manage local and external Aperture libraries?
Why are cine lenses so much more expensive?
What is the reason for underexposure in my film photographs?
What are the striking differences between Canon and Nikon?
What do Pentax and Sigma DSLRs offer that differs from Canon and Nikon?
Is Flash a Must-Have For Macro Photography?
What does it mean when Dpreview says "White balance often excessively orange under artificial light"?
Recommendations for a small to mid sized camera bag which will hold a laptop?
What is the meaning of these Photodune reasons for rejection?
Why do people say the Canon 550D isn't a real entry-level camera?
Does Tokina SD 70 - 210 1:4-5.6 work with Nikon D40?
What should I do about this strange CF behavior, where I lost tonight's pictures?
If I have an 85mm lens for portraits, is a 50mm useful as well?
A beginner with post processing wanting to learn
50mm lens=75mm on DX camera?
Equalize exposure levels of a set of images in a stitched panorama
What is the difference between the newly launched Nikon D800 and D800E?
How can I clean the sensor on a Panasonic LX5 compact camera?
Is it better to scan negatives or prints?
How do different apertures affect photographs?
Why are my 14-bit RAW files being saved as 8-bit on my computer?
Is there something similar to Adobe Lightroom for Linux?
How does being in a polar region affect the golden and blue hours of light?
What is EV, when used as an absolute measurement?
What is the difference between these various Nikon zoom lenses?
Why does my Canon DSLR stop recording video automatically?
Does anyone have recommendations on photo tours to Cuba?
How to build a digital reprography system on a budget?
What can I do to improve my composition on rejected food photos?
Is there a typical timeline on which Nikon replaces its DSLRs?
What does "Signing off attribution" mean?
What are the merits of a wide-gamut display in post-processing for web?
How can photographers protect themselves from being sued?
How to use a tripod on the beach without damaging it?
I need some assistance in figuring out a photo processing technique
How to restore a backup from a photoshop.com account (possibly with Lightroom)?
Do compact and DSLR cameras have the same sensor size if they have the same number of megapixels?
How can I use Minolta / Sony AF lenses on Nikon DSLR bodies?
How do I crop pictures to certain proportion in Photoshop?
Why does my Canon 550D make a small sound while focusing?
Are there any downsides to applying the lens correction profile in Adobe Lightroom?
Is it possible to embed a clickable url in an image?
Is version control software used for photos?
Do teleconverters work with Macro lenses?
What is the difference between Adobe Photoshop and Lightroom?
How to photograph chocolate?
How do I turn the rear LCD monitor on my Nikon D90 back on?
What underwater strap keeps my equipment safe and usable?
Is there a way to automatically transfer photos from a DSLR to a PC hard disk as they are taken?
Does maximum aperture change with focus distance with the Canon 60mm f/2.8 macro lens?
Is it safe to carry around a tripod with a DSLR attached to the head?
What is an auto-focus motor?
Why does the max aperture change when use Nikon 60mm AF-D Micro on D90 camera?
What Kind of Lighting Rig is This?
How can I stop the Nikon D90 from bracketing?
How to compare the focal length of a 50mm prime lens with the default lens of a point and shoot camera?
How can I work around Photoshop Elements 7's inability to open JPG files from my Android phone?
Is it difficult to focus on 1.4F prime lens, and if it is how to counter that?
Is there a Lightroom lens correction profile for the Nikon Coolpix 995?
Will a LensCoat BodyGuard CB fit a Canon EOS 1000D?
In what kind of scenes does it make sense to use f/1.4 aperture?
How can I improve the sharpness of my pictures?
What settings do I have to use to take pictures like this one by S Dot B?
Nikon 50mm f/1.8 D has less distortion than Nikon 50mm f/1.8 G?
How can one use a reversing ring with Nikon G lenses?
Auto-focusing problem on a Canon 500D with a EF-S 18-55mm 1:3.5-5.6 IS(standard kit lens)
Sigma 10-20mm f4-5.6 EX DC HSM or Sigma 10-20mm f3.5 EX DC HSM Lens?
How can I determine if I can use a photo commercially?
Will a firmware update/change erase Canon's service center lens calibration settings?
Are these Nikon 16-85mm lenses actually the same?
Are film lenses effectively longer focal lengths on cropped-sensor DSLRs?
Does aperture priority mode work with a manual aperture lens?
Why does ETTL occasionally fail with my Canon Speedlite 580 EXII?
If I transfer files from a CF card to an iPad2, will I lose metadata?
How to take HDR photos?
Is there a reason that a film SLR would be preferred to a digital SLR?
What are my options for an FX wide-angle prime to suit the D800's successor?
Why are my photos taken at f/11 less sharp than those taken at a wider aperture?
Is there photo analysis software which will pre-sort images by identifying potential technical problems?
Should I upgrade my camera or my lenses?
Why is Auto Exposure on my Nikon D300s Overexposing?
Where can I have photos printed in bulk at wholesale prices?
Should I consider any other hood for 1.8G 50mm rather than the default one?
If my histogram shows nothing at the ends of the scale, does it mean the dynamic range of my camera isn't reached?
What is the best method to extract a subject from a Greenscreen?
What is the practical difference between phase-detect and contrast-based autofocus?
How to get film developed as a donation?
77mm UV filter - which one to get?
How can multiple exposure be achieved with a digital camera?
What 300mm lens to get for my Nikon camera for wildlife photography in a national park?
Does a 35mm prime lens show the same bokeh as a 50mm prime lens on a cropped sensor?
How to avoid tired eyes in a portrait?
Using carbon-fiber tripods in cold weather: safe temperatures, precautions, and effects of failure
How does a glare arise in images?
How to more easily view the rear LCD?
Wouldn't it be better to calibrate the RGB settings of my monitor instead of using ICC profiles?
Small-ish camera recommendations for a beginner on a safari
How to use a flash on the red carpet without interference?
Will software make a bigger difference in the quality of my work than more hardware?
What kind of process is this old photo in glass?
Are photolab negatives to digital (e.g. CD) always better than a low cost USB self scanner?
What do I need to take better landscapes and low light sports photos?
What good landscape photographers shoot primarily in the Northeastern United States?
How do I avoid vignetting when shooting through a cut-out for shaped bokeh?
What lighting equipment to purchase for under $50?
How do I change appearance of canvas background in photoshop workspace?
How can I shoot wide angle zone plate photography?
How can I syncronize simultaneous shots taken with two cameras?
Tagging stuff: plural or singular?
What does "viewfinder magnification" mean?
One expensive (L) lens or a variety of cheaper lenses, or a better body?
What noise reduction software will best work with images from my Kodak EasyShare Z981?
Is there such a thing as a filter for circularly polarized light for photographic use, and what would be the effect of using one?
What type and capacity of memory card is supported by Canon 500D?
What should I do when my Nikon AF-S lens won't auto focus?
Best websites to find deals on purchasing Digital Camera / Equipment?
How do pros manage to make the color green so bright in their nature photographs?
Is photomontage photography?
What is the "round" tripod plate used for?
What are the rules for editing a photo?
What does interpolation mean in the Nokia 808 Pureview?
Improving the edges of silhouettes
Are there DSLR lenses that don't allow for manual focus?
How do I prevent / fix out of square images?
Why would a photo that is black and white print in color?
In which order should I edit a photo between Lightroom and Photoshop?
Where can I find photo frame suppliers in the UK?
Will switching from a Nikon D60 to a Canon EOS 60D be better for night photography, city photography, and portraits?
How do I align properly for border prints?
Is the Canon 5D MKII with Canon EF 17-40 f4 L a good combination for interior real estate photography?
Nikkor 55-300mm or Nikkor 70-300mm on a D7000?
Can I use BULB setting when taking remote pictures?
How can I improve shots in the dark, when tripod or flash are not available?
Lightroom Multi-Catalog Syncing/Management
How do I get crisp indoor or low light images from my point and shoot?
If shoot pictures in 10.0 mode or 12.0 what is quality?
Ways in order to achieve dramatic lighting styles?
Ways in order to achieve warm lighting style?
Is the Quality Inconsistent on the Canon 24-70mm f/2.8 L MkI lens?
How can I turn off the loud sound my D3100 produces when I take a photograph?
Why does my photo look great in Lightroom but show sharpening halos on my web site?
Do I need a filter for my prime lens in order to protect it from dust, splashes, etc?
What steps to take to match screen to print?
How do I remove the extra image in this photo?
How can I take non-blurry extreme sports photos in winter?
With a D5100, websites for improving shooting skills, is it possible to become a self-taught photographer?
Is it worth buying an expensive CPL filter over an e-bay cheap one?
Double exposures straight to a memory card?
What's the difference between vertical and horizontal shutters?
How to create candle reflections?
How do I make Aperture 3 export the master
How do I compose an image for use as a browser background or wallpaper on a widescreen monitor?
Are there any free or better alternatives to Fisheye-Hemi?
How can I fix a blue colour cast from my Canon i9950 printer?
Why is my new aftermarket battery grip draining power from batteries?
Why did my Canon EOS 450D fail to save the entire photo?
Why does my camera show "f00" when using extension tubes for shooting close ups?
Is there software that will do reverse geocoding to convert photographs' GPS locations to addresses?
What's the max size a photo can be enlarged while preserving the same image quality?
Is having a lens with vignetting a real world negative for portrait lenses?
How to photograph glass without reflections and shadows?
How do you identify a RAW or JPEG image within Lightroom 3?
Is the Canon 600D Al servo autofocus up to the task of following moving subjects?
How large an image do I need to print a 32″  by 18″  poster at 300 DPI?
Raw photos in Aperture 3
Is there a way to use a Canon 60d as general SD card reader?
Why does the left windmill have too many blades?
Would a Panasonic G3 be able to handle low-light conditions on a South African safari?
How can I get non-blurry gymnastics pictures with my entry-level DSLR?
Recommendations for Photo Editing/Organization Software?
How can I make HDR images without the cartoon look?
Canon EF-S 15-85mm IS USM or Canon EF-S 18-135mm IS to replace a broken kit lens?
I know the basic technical stuff, what now?
What is the effective aperture of two stacked lenses for macro?
Can I save money on lenses by buying a Nikon camera with an in-body autofocus motor?
What filters should I get for mountain landscape photography?
How does exposure fusion work?
What Software Exists to Perform Exposure-Fusion?
How many megapixels are needed on a smartphone to take above quality photos?
What is a point of interest in a photograph and where is it lacking in this candle picture?
Do lenses affect color fidelity?
Lightroom vs Photoshop vs etc
What can be done using a 18-55mm lens?
Are there any techniques to aid/improve reverse macro photography
How to protect fragile equipment?
How do I blend multiple photos to remove random people from the background?
Can I shoot a photo with my DSLR without the lens on?
What type of camera setup is required to take photos of luciferase?
How to verify that Nikon SB-28DX AF-assist is working?
What's the best way to shoot infra red?
Are the dimensions of the top panel LCD screen on a Canon 50D same as the 7D or 5DM2?
Is the Canon 60D weather proof?
Why does using a tilt-shift lens make things look miniature?
Is it a good idea to stack teleconverters to shoot at the moon?
Does a centered object get attention?
Do any Nikon FX cameras allow square-format shooting with DX lenses?
How do I track what has been published to flickr from Lightroom?
How is it possible to create a photo as if camera is moving?
Colored powder in a lens: will it need a cleaning?
What happened to pocket remotes for non-SLR cameras?
Are there any drawbacks to buying a white box item?
How do I formulate an estimate for photographing a private school's 180+ K-5th graders and their 30+ faculty and staff?
Which filters or effects etc. are being used in these photos?
Why are my images being cropped by a photo printing kiosk?
Why do two cameras with different resolution but both with 2/3″  sensors, and same mount and lens, give a different view?
How do you take pictures of creatures which may move away when you get close to them?
Whom to avoid and whom to pay heed to, while getting a critique on my photograph?
How does Photoshop CS6's deblur feature work?
How to handle changing between different types of black ink? (Epson Stylus Photo R2880)
autofocus and maximum aperture of 60D
How do I create a timelapse video from a collection of photographs in Linux?
Which Canon T2i bundle is better to get? 
How to know when a digital photo downloaded from Facebook was taken?
Why does blue sky gets rendered as black in black and white film photos?
Looking for a good, cheap entry-level telephoto lens for Nikon D5100
How to boost tones preserving highlights?
Is there any site with photos of photography masters?
What makes this Eggleston picture great?
Nikon vs Canon vs
Do Nikon D-100 lenses fit a D-90?
Are mirror lenses good for wildlife photography in daylight?
How do I calibrate two different monitors to the same whitepoint?
What is causing this discoloration of water droplets in bright sunlight?
Book on the rise of digital photography
How was non-uniform yellowish cast created on BW photos of Charles Lucima?
How to use a channel as mask in Photoshop?
Online Printing API?
Why can't I see bokeh in the viewfinder?
Why doesn't my Lightroom smart photoset have any pictures in it?
Best image quality non-prime walk around lens for travelling with a Canon crop dSLR?
What lenses should I take with my Nikon D5100 for a trip through China and Nepal?
Is the Olympus EP3L a good choice for 3D Macro?
What lens do I need to do product photography with my Olympus E500?
Software to display statistics based on EXIF data?
Best way to Re-Organize my photos in Lightroom
Which mount adaptor do I need to mount an old Tokina FL/FD lens on a Canon 30D?
What DX Nikon lenses should I look at for concert/club photography?
Is there anything to watch out for when upgrading Lightroom 3 to 4?
Is it possible for Lightroom to automatically add keywords on import?
How can I export my entire Aperture library into nested folders in the format YYYY/MM/DD?
What are the technical camera specs for the HTC Wildfire S?
What is the difference between the Instax Mini 25 and the Cheki series?
How to chose a compact or mirrorless camera?
Is there any downloadable Photoshop CS5 Lens Profile for iPhone (3GS)?
Is focal range the only significant difference between Canon's EF-S 18-135 IS and 18-200 IS lenses?
Superimposing objects from two different photos taken by two different cameras
What lens should I get next to start professional photography?
When should I turn on the rangefinder of the D3100?
Why are colors brighter and more red on Sony HX100v?
How Much Can Lens Magnification Be Improved Without Significantly Lowering Image Quality?
What is the "visual center" of an image?
Do bigger focal lengths capture more light?
Canon vs Sigma 18-200 lens?
What is colour correction, and how does it work?
How risky is to buy a used camera?
What properties should I consider when purchasing a non professional camera for taking pictures of family
Can calibrating my laptop monitor remove the need to buy a better monitor?
Can I use a HDTV for a digital photo board presentation?
How to reset Lightroom's library?
Personality Rights
What legal restrictions are there on the use of logos in photos?
Lightroom keyboard shortcut to reset a picture's settings
Quickly compare before and after in Lightroom
In Lightroom, how do I see which presets have been applied to an image?
What's the best way to take a picture of an LCD or CRT screen?
How can I apply the same action to multiple images in Lightroom?
What to look for when testing a wide angle lens before buying?
What aperture should be preferred while shooting the subject which is close enough, to get maximum sharpness?
Does size reduction in a fine quality JPEG photograph introduce noise?
Where can I get replacement parts for Canon cameras?
Why are these light trails large blobs of light instead of nice thin lines?
Do the Lightroom lens correction tools make good lenses less important?
What factors should I consider to decide if it's worth upgrading to a "pro" level DSLR?
What are the pros and cons of an articulated display?
Is astrophotography basically pointless with a moon in the sky?
What smartphone model release app do pros use?
Will electronic or digital model releases  or contracts hold up in court?
How does photography for digital display only differ?
Is there software for detecting noisy areas in a photograph?
How to improve the composition flaw in this candle photograph?
What post processing software has a good collection of presets included?
Minimum speed CF card required for a 7D?
Is DxO Optics better than Lightroom, or vice versa?
What is a negative space in a photograph?
Why do my prints look different from what I see on my computer monitor?
Why do cell phones have the camera in a corner and not in the middle?
Why are some of my pictures missing from the normally all-inclusive Photos folder in my Apple Aperture library?
Will Cokin-Z and HiTech 100mmx150mm filters fit on a Lee Holder?
What is a "Slanted S" in a curves layer?
Can I "lock" copyright metadata in an image?
How can I track print competition scores in Lightroom via Metadata?
How to light macro subjects with an off-camera solution?
How to best view test shots on camera LCD in bright, outdoor photo shoot
What are the uses of yellow, green, red, blue filters in black and white photography?
What is the difference between using colored filters and converting color photos to black and white programmatically?
When using wireless triggers is it best to use a different wireless shutter release system?
Canon 7D Mark 2?
Why does an aperture crop the image when you look through a lens itself but not when you look through the viewfinder?
How much does extending affect range of focusing distances?
How do I know if it's safe to use a Nikon SB-20 on an Olympus E-520?
Which Windows raw image viewer can only show jpeg, but on delete both raw and jpeg?
Are there any good pancake lenses for Canon EOS DSLRs?
How can I optimise the lifetime of a Nikon speedlight?
How to respond to requests to commercially use one's photos without compensation?
How do hierarchical keywords in Lightroom actually work?
How to proceed after having developed the negatives?
Is 5D good as a second body beside a 5D mark II?
I cannot open the internal flash on my Canon 60D camera; how do I fix it?
Is there a firmware hack which enables AVCHD recording in video mode on Pentax K-5?
Canon 60D moire & aliasing issue on videos
How do I eliminate lens flare in my pictures?
Why is the Canon MP-E 65mm F/2.8 Macro Lens not called a zoom?
Can I use a Pantone Huey for multiple computers?
What's the difference between Bokeh and Gaussian Blur?
How do I clean the external forward-facing glass on my lens?
How can I copy images to my camera for viewing?
What is the standard name of the effect used in this image?
Why can't I view an edited image on my camera?
How to decide which reversing ring is suitable for a lens?
How can I avoid eye pain after indoor portrait shoots?
Why do images turn black after previewing them?
Nikon D3100 transfer distorts photos
How can I clean a camera effectively?
Why are objects far away inverted through a lens but not through the viewfinder?
How do I fix blown out part of a picture on Photoshop?
How does one create a Diptych or Triptych with angled/non straight lines between the photos?
How do I avoid white color in the sky near my subject with HDR photos?
Should I be warming grey card calibrated shots?
How to set white balance when there's no neutral region to select with the eyedropper?
Can a photo with nothing in focus be considered to have bokeh?
What's the Reason 35mm Film is As Wide As It Is?
How can I calculate vertical field of view from horizontal field of view?
What is the difference between the different ways to export JPEG files from Photoshop?
Are super cheap flashes worth it?
Is a white sheet of paper as good as grey card?
How can I take hi-speed photos of water rockets?
Where are in camera ratings on the Canon 5D MkIII stored?
Which camera/lenses should I buy?
Lens for Rebel XTi to capture panoramic images?
What is the best online printing site for users in France?
How does the dynamic range of the human eye compare to that of digital cameras?
What causes longitudinal chromatic aberration on Nikon 50mm f/1.4D?
Is it worth getting third-party warranties on lenses?
Long exposure on Canon 60D
Besides several Pentax DSLRs, what cameras are rated for operation below 0 °C (32 °F)?
Upgrade Nikon D80
How do I create a sense of power and splendor in an image?
What settings do I need for shooting a candid against the sky?
What Windows software can assemble a sequence of photos into a timelapse?
What camera has the highest number of frames per second?
Why does a DSLR stop shooting continuously after a few seconds?
How can I calculate focal length from a photograph?
How to shoot water spilled on the floor?
What's a good batch-mode EXIF data editor?
What is a cheap standard/wide prime lens for Canon APS-C?
What exactly is a "circular motion" when using a lens cleaning pen?
How can I easily tell if a sensor or lens is damaged?
Is it possible to get precise framing with an unstabilized lens with a long focal length?
Do rented lenses usually come with cheap filters attached?
What would be examples of Principle of Alternation, other than chiaroscuro?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of using auto ISO on a DSLR?
Can telephoto lenses cause the background to be darker than the foreground in the same light?
iPad photo editing app that exports edits as XMP to reuse in lightroom?
How to take a picture like this scene through a bubble?
How would you produce grey-filled Overlay layer from two layers that differ in brightness?
What is the reference point that the focal length of a lens is calculated from?
Why does a 15-second exposure on my camera actually last 16 seconds?
What is the most effective way to remove a fence in the foreground?
Why isn't my variable-aperture photo more interesting?
What is Interoperability Index R98?
How do I do advanced editing of videos in Lightroom 4?
Is it worth using Pentax's Premium JPEG quality setting?
How is the term Gaussian blur used?
How can I set an exposure time over 30 seconds with a DSLR?
When a camera auto-focuses, is the current focus distance reported from the lens to the camera?
How to do a selective darkening of part of a photo in Lightroom?
Is it normal for the LCD screen of D3100 to sometimes show moving horizontal lines?
How to keep a photograph from getting smaller when rotating it 90 degrees?
Auto cropping scanned document or photo
What image dimensions are used for 500px?
When is it really necessary to use AF assist light?
How do I make the water silky in water/beach photography?
Where does the assertion that food photography must not use flash come from?
How to show the theme "What happened??"
How to minimise the noise when shooting primarily under candle lights?
How do I lengthen shutter speed with out washing out the picture?
How do I create a tilt-shift photography effect?
How to become a wedding photographer?
What do you do with your camera clock time in relation to time zones?
What is the the product of two Fast Fourier Transfoms?
How good is the Lowepro Fastpack 250?
What are the power needs for a garage Photo Studio setup?
How to analyze images with Fast Fourier Transform method?
Why does the viewfinder of the Nikon D90 have a 4×4 grid instead of 3×3?
How do I eliminate reflection on glass?
How can I get young children to cooperate with having their pictures taken?
What is the lowest level of luminous flux a camera can detect?
How do I (properly) set up Magic Lantern on more SD cards?
How to reproduce this dark-toned color effect?
How many pictures per play should I take in outdoor sports?
How do I photograph water without catching glare from sun?
Why does my Nikon D3100 no longer auto-focus via the viewfinder?
Projects to do if you have an additional camera
How do I keep the Quick Control screen from constantly appearing on my Canon 60D's LCD monitor?
Can knowledge and preparation offset the need for longer lenses in wildlife photography?
How can a telephoto lens take great landscape photos?
What's the difference between the Canon PowerShot S100 and the PowerShot SX260 HS?
Blurred water effect
What is the best camera and lens to buy as a gift?
Are there a kind of monopods available which have a minimum height of 10 cm?
Will a variable neutral density filter produce similar results to a fixed neutral density filter?
How important is auto-focus with a 50mm lens?
How can I tell when to stop adding an effect?
How can this lighting/color effect be done?
How do I get children interested in photography?
Do I really need a ball head for a SLR zoom Gorillapod?
Lens in salt water - now what?
What qualities should be looked for in a ball head before purchasing one?
What can I do with Nikon NIKKOR AF-S DX 35mm f/1.8G lens?
Pictures I took from my Nikon D5000 have low contrast. Whats wrong with my camera?
Will a third-party tripod mount collar hold my lens securely?
When setting up a 3D DSLR rig, what lenses would provide the best results?
Ideas for Macro Photography
A Marketing Firm wants to buy non-exclusive rights for one of my photos, what should I charge?
How accurate are cheap hotshoe bubble levels?
How do I select an area with an exact width and height in Photoshop?
Are Nikon Distortion Control Data firmware updates critical?
How *Auto* Are Pentax Auto Extension Tubes?
Can I combine several low quality pics into one higher quality picture?
How does one track action with a fast telephoto prime lens?
How can I use aperture to make my pictures better?
How to compose a scene which doesn't have any apparent story?
What media formats supported by LR for embedding metadata?
What is an "image plane indicator"?
Is there a way to create a tilt-shift photography effect without changing aperture?
How does aperture affect exposure?
Mount old lens on Canon Rebel T3i using Canon FD/FL Lens to Canon EOS EF Body Mount Adapter
What is T-number / T-stop?
Is the HF-DC1 flash light a good choice for my Canon EOS 400D?
How do dedicated light meters account for light transmittance?
Does Lightroom 3 support multipage TIFF?
How to figure out whether the colours in a photo are warm or cool, and how does that matter?
Why do my SD cards stop working in my PC (although they remain working in my camera)?
How to frame a critique request positively?
What are the legalities of accepting payments as a freelance photographer?
Does reducing JPG resolution decrease, increase, or have no effect on image quality?
How can I improve the composition of my food photos?
How to take great food photos with a Canon EOS Rebel T1i and 18-55mm kit lens
Old Flash from the 70's
Why does FEL not work with flashes set in manual power mode?
When taking a picture, where should the horizon be?
Privacy/ Private Property
Why are there two rotation controls in Lightroom, and how do they differ?
What is the best way to take pictures for Panography style post-processing
What lens is next? Shooting with Canon Rebel T2i
Finding (and choosing) A Tripod
What is the purpose of graduated color filters?
How to *make* a nature photograph?
How do you feel about someone using one of your pictures from the internet?
Blur a background using a photo
How to clean a lens filter?
Why no zoom lenses with a maximum aperture wider than f/2.8?
What will I be missing in a second hand D3?
Will I benefit from using very fast (> 30 MB/s) SD cards in a non-UHS enabled camera?
What is "Resolution" and how is it related to "Printing"?
canon sx210 movie shooting focus
Can't find recovery and others menus in LR4
Am I permanently altering my NEF/raw files if I save changes in Nikon ViewNX 2?
What adjustments are specific to RAW files?
How to clean a circular polarizing filter filter?
What is the relationship of aperture, focal length, and ISO in a SLR?
How to change a single setting across multiple images in Canon DPP?
What is the difference between an exposure slider and a levels slider?
What does "Non-Mfg Zoom Lens" mean?
Can screw-on macro lenses produce decent results?
Nikon D7000 and extension tube with 35G 1.8
How to take photos of a solar eclipse without damaging one's eyes or camera?
How do I save an image in Tiff format within size range of 10mb to 25mb?
Good all-round lens for Canon XS/1000D? Is 24-105mm F4.0 IS USM a good upgrade?
Is the the screw thread of a filter regulated by some standard?
How do I interpret individual colors on RGB histogram?
Why does my camera make a whirring noise during a long exposure?
How to meter for manual bounce flash?
Why are the area of aperture, focal length, and amount of light specified in these terms?
What does shot noise in color images look like?
How to *practice* for food photography?
Why do mirror lenses have poor contrast?
Does image stabilization make things worse if it doesn't have time to "settle"?
How can I prevent blurred images when using a tripod?
Could there be any possible benefit from converting 8 Bits/Channel photography to 32 Bits/Channel?
How to make a landscape photo like Stanislav Perov?
How does connecting the camera to a laptop help in photography?
What does a 'nano crystal coat' do on this lens?
What about lens construction influences bokeh?
What are the differences between dslr lenses and video/film lenses?
What is a reasonable amount to pay for 120 b&w processing?
How do ultrasonic motors allow continuous manual focus?
Can a lens's bokeh be predicted by reading an MTF chart?
Why isn't the background towel visible in this still life?
What is the benefit of an internal focus lens?
How do I make my MX880 Canon prints come out in the same colors as on the screen?
For food photography with a Macro lens do I have to get a particular size of dishes?
Why is the shutter speed so long when using the flash in aperture priority?
Are there medium priced cameras that can capture photos with very little distortion?
How can I get white balance support for Canon EOS 1100D in UFRaw?
Are there adapters for mechanical film camera shutter releases to modern releases?
Is there a printing lab that post prints direct to customer without the invoice?
Why buy camera equipment during travel in Japan?
Nikon P510 Connect with computer problem
How does one create the Dragan Effect?
How to find all photos taken in April - any April?
Does this sunrise photograph have a problem with white balance?
Panasonic GF3 with 14mm pancake lens - which macro lens will fit?
How to delete "unused" raw files which have no .jpg match?
Without modification, is the built-in pop-up flash EVER appropriate?
How do I keep both the background and foreground in the image in focus at the same time?
How do I backup raw files and lightroom metadata without running lightroom?
What does "R" mean in Fujifilm's XF Fujinon lens names?
How do I chose a vari-ND fader filter without color cast?
Why does the exposure vary in these Nikon flash photos?
Photo is not as crisp as expected
Is Fujifilm's "Super EBC" a modern nanocoating?
Pictures of dancers on stage
Using long exposures to make videos?
Where can I learn about the History of Photography?
How do I make a landscape photo containing many important elements feel well composed?
Which lenses should I take on a honeymoon trip to Alaska?
Are Canon T2i lenses usable with 5D Mark II cameras?
Why are there different hood sizes for the same focal length lenses?
How to modify local contrast in Lightroom?
How do you take a landscape photograph with "artistic" lens flare?
What does "Tone" mean?
How do I design a conceptual lens schematic?
What are "Depth of field and focus scales"?
Why do many photographers present street photography in B&W?
Is there a mapping tool that will let me visualize a lens's angle of view?
What does "N stops" mean when describing an image stabilizer?
What are the benefits of a multi-coated CP filter over a regular CP filter?
How can I use an Android smartphone as GPS to geotag my photos?
Apart from birds/wildlife and sports what are some "artistic" uses for telephoto lenses?
Mass reverse geocoding in Lightroom or an external tool
Is it possible to take automated multiple exposure stop pictures with a Canon Rebel
How do I get adequate depth of field in macro photography?
What is the significance of the typical extension tube lengths?
How can I work around metering issues with adapted lenses on a Canon DSLR?
Can I use an old Olympus-mount lens on a Canon DSLR?
How does the quantity of elements and blades in a lens affect the optics?
Do rounded edges on aperture blades improve image sharpness, and how?
D7000 multiple exposure with mirror up?
How do you photograph rain hitting a surface?
How to choose the kind of paper for an inkjet print?
Are there any known issues with using filter step-up rings?
Why is the amount of light a lens lets in called the 'lens speed'?
Why doesn't editing photos from Lightroom in Photoshop post-Lighroom adjustments work right?
Can Canon Log Gamma be useful for photography?
How can I view Nikon RAW files as I transfer them to my Windows computer?
Is there a linear relationship between shutter speed and speed of subject to freeze motion?
How can I export reduced resolution RAW files from Lightroom?
What are the topics need to be covered by a free ebook for beginner/amateur photographers?
Creating HDR images with Sony DSC-HX100V?
What are some artistic techniques that can be performed with lenses?
What photo editor for Mac offers image filters with live previews, HDR composition and photo stitching?
Is a self-cleaning sensor necessary when using only one lens?
How can I avoid or correct the "inverse Ageratum effect" in digital photography?
What software can I use for post-processing?
What's the difference between the lenses EF-S 18-55 DC III and EF-S 18-55 IS II?
Calibrating monitor for editing photos for publishing on web
Forgive my ignorance: Aperture changes as I zoom in why?
Is it worth buying a battery grip for my camera?
What settings should be used for self-cleaning sensors?
How can I improve my smartphone photos of a product for eBay?
What are the technical advantages and disadvantages of mirrorless?
What lighting accessories can I use for outdoor macro photography?
Is trailing curtain sync with manual power settings possible with Metz flashes on Pentax?
How was this black and white photograph of a calm ocean done?
Best way to store photos while traveling
Lightroom plugin development -- is it worth it?
What are the disadvantages of post processing only those pictures that I want to show?
Which Camera is better to take photo of wild birds?
What does "angle of view equivalent to that of some lens in 35mm format" mean?
Which attribute is the most important in a DSLR and lens when shooting objects from a distance?
What are the differences between the Canon EF 70-200mm f/2.8L IS II USM lens and the one that isn't IS II?
Does shooting my photos in RAW and converting them help to correct small spots of dust on the lens?
Are the color and brightness of a camera's LCD accurate?
Will stacked ND filters perform as well as a single 10 stop ND filter?
Is there a correct way to communicate with photography subjects e.g. models?
What are the pros and cons of different Bayer demosaicing algorithms?
How does demosaicing work in Fujifilm's new sensor for the X Pro-1?
Use a shot list or not?
How does a short flange back distance improve image quality?
Why do my sRGB exports from Lightroom look different from RAW files shown in the program even though my monitor can only show sRGB?
How do I properly hold a rangefinder-style camera in portrait orientation?
How to reproduce Instagram Lo-Fi filter in Photoshop?
Is staging, live baiting and sedating animals in wildlife photography a common practice?
How can I make close-by objects appear as if they were much bigger?
What is the advantage of the huge number of AF points?
How to smoke test basic functionality of a D90 during buying
Can I use a different map source other than Google Maps in Lightroom 4?
Projector friendly pictures?
How do you photograph sand dunes?
Is there a ticket system available for photographing the general public?
Why does a Leica camera cost so much?
Why does shutter life vary from DSLR to DSLR?
How does using a lens with some focal length on a full frame camera differ from using a lens with "equivalent" focal lens on a crop camera?
What lens design limits derive from the width of the lens mount?
What tools exist to remove metadata from photos?
What is the iHDR process?
Is there any wifi-enabled shockproof (i.e rugged) digital camera?
Walkabout: Canon EF-S 17-55mm f/2.8 IS vs EF 24-70mm f/2.8 L I & II
Can I change the Fujifilm X-Pro 1's viewfinder magnfication manually?
What is "infinity focus"?
Should I be concerned about the movement of control dials on a battery grip when the camera is moved in or out of a camera bag?
Why would one want to include the original RAW inside of a DNG?
What would be a good all-round lens for the London Olympics 2012?
What are these dark spots in my pictures?
Why does Nikon D90 makes strange sound and shifts Mirror in Viewfinded Eyepiece after Shutter-release button is pressed
How can I do this with my image?
Why is my camera limited to a shutter speed of 1/250th when the flash is up?
Is there a secret way to make the Fujifilm X-Pro 1's autofocus point selection faster?
How does the D800E reverse the effect of an antialiasing filter by adding another filter?
How to do DIY repair of rubber grips on Nikon cameras?
Does the back of the case for the Nikon SB-400 (SS-400) have a loop?
Why doesn't it make sense to compare an entry-level DSLR with a super zoom?
What is the best way to digitize old photographs for preservation?
Why does Lightroom 4 CR2 "Edit in Photoshop" make a TIF file?
What techniques are there to get focus and/or lock exposure other than center, half-press, and recompose?
What is the actual distance for taking a photograph with a 4.3-180mm Super Zoom camera lens vs. a 55-200mm DSLR lens?
How to transfer Olympus Master albums to a new PC?
Softbox selection for my hobby room
What does "Open-N-Use" mean?
Are there compact cameras with large sensors?
Lens not attached message on nikon d5000 with nikon 24-70mm
Why are my Nikon D5100 M Mode (Manual) settings reset for every shot whilst the camera pointing to the same object?
Open standards in digital photography
How do digital sensors that capture one color at each photosite compare to sensors that capture many colors?
Are there cameras that can take photos at night or in near complete darkness?
Megapixel race unnecessary?
How do I decide on a camera/lens with high zoom range?
What are the downsides to framing without glass over the print?
How can I take full advantage of a soft step graduated ND filter with a crop sensor?
What caused incorrect geotagging of my aerial photos?
Does a digital camera lose its abilities in taking photos if it is left without use or used too often?
Why shave a cropped-frame fisheye lens instead of buying a full-frame one?
What is "exposure safety shift"?
Would a camcorder be a better choice than a superzoom?
Does my SLR have an indicator to help me use manual focus quickly and accurately?
How can I find infinity focus on a kit lens with no markers?
How do I reverse engineer a portrait photo?
Outdoor flash lights on a budget?
Why is my ISO so high when shooting indoor photos with flash
If I need the higher ISO anyway, is there any downside in using Fujifilm's extended DR mode?
What is causing the cyan outline in the building in the background of this image?
Is there a correspondence between Tilt-Angle and the angle of the Focus-Plane?
Beginner lenses for Canon T2i
What does the HS mean for Canon SX40 HS?
Can I use old Minolta AF lenses on my new Canon?
Is it really better to not half-press to focus with the Fujifilm X-Pro 1?
Why I can't find an A-mount to Canon EF Adapter?
Why does the Fujifilm X-Pro 1 have fewer AF points in optical viewfinder mode?
Do I need to invest in something beyond my Canon 550D to produce top-notch portrait photography?
What is the nature of noise in small-sensor cameras, and can it be overcome in the future?
What's the difference between holding a half-pressed shutter button and pressing the AE lock?
Should I put UV filter to protect the lens even if I put a lens hood?
What type of camera can work in extreme weather conditions?
What does "Humidity at Less than 85% (no condensation)" mean in a camera's specifications?
Tips for capturing fast-moving rally cars in low light?
Why are there white dots on my night time photo with flash?
Is it necessary to lock the tilt and shift movements for each shot?
Is it possible to protect a bulbous lens while shooting?
Does the X-Pro 1's "Lens Focal Length Setting" do anything with automatic lenses?
What cheap flashes can be wirelessly triggered by a Nikon SB-900?
Where can I find a cheap wide angle/panorama camera?
What kind of batteries will provide the fastest recharge/recycle time for a flash unit like the 430EX II?
Metering with a Tilt-Shift Lens
Fitting all pictures in a square canvas
Is a fluorescent filter worth using, and how and when?
How can I improve these photos of porcelain tiles?
Does the shutter speed and focal length rule of thumb apply to cropped sensor cameras?
How does the new layout used in Fujifilm X-Pro1 sensor improve image quality?
How are these "wiggling" 3D images made?
What's a relatively low priced camera that performs well in low light condition?
How can I do split-toning black & white in SilverEfex Pro?
Lightroom 4: Delete edit from history other than the most recent one?
How do I evaluate a camera's JPEG tone curve options when the manufacturer only provides flowery prose?
DIY Lighting for Macro Photography
Why aren't the electronic bright lines for framing in the X-Pro 1 viewfinder more accurate?
What do camera experts do for cameras that take too much battery power?
JPEG XR Plugin for Photoshop Elements 10?
What's the difference between a wide angle lens and a landscape lens?
What would be a good book for optics?
What is ETTR (Expose To The Right)?
Why am I getting a "frame" in my picture when I made my own shaped bokeh?
Why do I get two JPEG files instead of RAW+JPEG when transfering to my computer from my Nikon D5100?
What type of cameras are best for low-maintenance time-lapse videos?
In which order is it recommended to set a tilt-shift lens?
Suggestions for a passport collage
Is Dry Cabinet necessary for both a Point and Shoot Camera & a DSLR Camera?
Better 10-22mm lens for Canon
Do lenses need to be made with more precision for Hasselblad's 60MPix camera?
Why do cameras put photos in multiple folders on a memory card?
Which Lensbaby Sweet 35 or Edge 80 effects are harder to reproduce post-processing?
In Lightroom how can I see all photos that have been modified after they were exported
What post-processing tricks can be used to improve the quality of photos taken with the on-camera flash?
Do I need ND filters for a time lapse sunrise?
How do I position a watermark so that it looks good and does not spoil my image?
Why can't I re-enable Image Review on my Canon G11?
Any good ways to keep a DSLR with a heavy lens parallel to your body while carrying?
Canon extender 2x III with 70-200mm F4L vs 100-400mm F4.5-5.6L for wildlife shooting
Is there a way to read or recover corrupted/incomplete photos on CF card?
What are ED elements?
How to resize portrait PSDs to landscape orientation without getting pixelated?
What is the effect of long exposure on file size?
What's the best way to develop old, exposed film?
Nikon D7000 card problems
How can they take pictures of the Milky Way?
What can I do to prevent sudden "jumps" in the tracking motor during long time exposures?
Increasing field of view for astrophotography
What is image stacking as it relates to astrophotography?
Canon Powershot SD1400 IS stuck in 640x480 mode?
Max aperture on zoom lenses - stepwise or linear?
Card cloner software for Windows
Photoshop: Is it possible to paint with an image (not a brush from an image)?
Wet photography: what's the second choice after silver halide?
Where/How to Get/Make Realistic Historical Documents: Props for a Photo Shoot
How to determine the year of manufacture of a (SanDisk) Compact Flash card?
Is something moving inside a micro four thirds camera when you take a picture?
How to Maximize the Miniaturization Effect With a Tilt-Shift Lens?
Can I modify my Rolei 35 S to take digital photographs
Effect to reduce width of photo without cropping or stretching
How do I get myself to think about every shot using modern digital equipment?
Does decreasing image size increase the frame rate for continuous shooting on a DSLR?
What is the best practice for setting JPEG metadata for CC-BY-NC licensed pictures?
PSE10 Insert Invisible Watermark
What are the tradeoffs when replacing two zoom lenses with a superzoom?
Is it possible to manually controll the flash while using the BULB manual exposure setting on a Canon XSi?
Light field based camera or dslr? Which should I choose?
Is there any license for photographer?
Photoshop Action Double Canvas Size
Where can I find a List/Comparison of CIPA battery ratings for current point-and-shoot cameras?
What's an easy to use "large sensor" digital camera?
What is the best free software to edit NEF photos?
How to fix the artifacts in the hair of the subject of this photo?
To get a really good photo, editing is necessary?
What is a decent beginner's camera for astrophotography?
What is the sound that I'm hearing from Canon EF 24-105mm F/4 L lens?
Is it necessary to use a full-frame camera to get the best out of my Canon EF 180mm f3.5 L?
Do third party extenders for Canon exist?
Is replacing a 70-200mm Canon lens with a 135mm and extender a good idea?
How do I keep my Nikon D5100 from attempting to autofocus with every shutter press?
Do full frame camera require more power than a crop sensor camera?
How does the mirror in a DSLR operate?
Is over-exposure preferable than under-exposure?
How to use IR index on Canon EF 24-105mm F/4 L USM
Setting up automatic color correction
How do I create a "day-night" scene in a photo?
Would these lenses fit my future Nikon D7000?
Which of these lighting kits would be better for product photography?
Crop Sensor Enhances Zoom?
What are Medium Format and Large Format cameras?
How outdated is the Nikon D80?
Is it typical to experience zoom creep with the Canon EF 24-105mm F/4 L IS USM?
Is Lightroom overkill for a JPG-oriented workflow?
Can anyone recommend some good second hand camera stores in Japan?
What will happen to a camera if the relative humidity drops to less than 35%?
How to not be ignored when talking to another photographer with significantly better gear?
Does the selection of sRGB or Adobe RGB in camera when shooting RAW ever matter?
Simple comparison of LightRoom 4, Corel AfterShot Pro, DarkTable
How do I get maximum utilization of limited photography time on a official non-photography trip?
Why isn't saving photos as TIFF files a popular choice by DSLR manufacturers?
How do I equalize the background brighness level for multiple photos?
Why is there not a protective glass element that is between the lens and shutter in a SLR?
How to Prevent Static Buildup
Pan image in lightroom with keyboard
Software to keep track of pictures taken
Photographing LEGO models
coastal sunrise long exposure
Which image sensor format for photographing oil on panel?
How did film photographers overcome constant ISO/ASA values in low light situations?
How to photograph an ice cube with a piece of lemon inside?
What kind of photo effect is this, where colors are a bit washed out, yet retains the crisp detail and the colors are almost pastel?
How can I get the best quality prints from an iPhone photo?
Does offering an embed feature violate copyright law?
Is it possible to filter for exported/printed photographs in Lightroom?
What advantages does a pure black and white camera have over colour cameras?
What are the RGB values that correctly represent a 5800 K white surface on a calibrated 6500 K monitor?
Autofocus performance of different brands at night
Using sheetfed scanner to scan photo prints and postcards
What is the optimal size for photos in a digital portfolio?
Are overly large frames a style?
What is the correct resting position for a camera with a long lens and a battery grip?
Practical Difference Between Nikon 80-200 f/2.8 and 70-200 f/2.8?
Is there any protection ring available for reversed lenses?
Canon camera body names
Image Quality of Shooting at 3MP then resizing to 1MP vs Shooting at 1MP
What's the difference between adding contrast and simultaneously darkening highlights and brightening shadows in Lightroom?
How does the Lensbaby Scout perform as a cheap fisheye lens?
How can a teleconverter allow manual focus lenses to autofocus?
Can I use Cokin filters of Z-Pro version on Lee 100mm system?
Lens selection for a trip to Scotland?
How can I visualise in monochrome via an optical viewfinder?
Can I get better image quality with a higher focal length or by cropping an image from a sharper lens?
Lenses and Filters: what do the terms Coating, Multi-Coating and Nano-Coating mean?
What is cheapest way to get a 10-20× zoom range on a Nikon D5100?
Which mode should I use on my camera?
What is the major factor that makes colors in photos very vivid?
Does the higher price lens always reflect better quality regardless of it being 3rd party or not?
What characteristics matter in a mouse for photo editing?
Can we measure size of an object using EXIF data from a photo?
What tool can I use to delete camera serial number in raw file?
 Does a high ISO generally result in bad dynamic range and less accurate color?
How do you store raw and jpg files separately
Cannon EOS 550D, Which lens should I purchase
What is a good cheap camera for new photographer who wants to take pictures of people at gigs, shows etc. Also street art, views?
Why would the Canon EF-S 55-250 IS II be cheaper than the first version?
Intervalometer for Nikon D3000
What is the best way to remove texture from a scanned textured photo paper?
The Optimal SD Card for the Nikon D7000
Do ISO values for Film and DSLR cameras have 1 to 1 correspondence?
Are these images symptomatic of shutter failure?
How do I properly determine which camera is better in low light?
Which lens should I buy Canon EF-S18-200mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Lens (Super Zoom Lens) or Tamron AF 18-200mm F/3.5-6.3 XR Di-II LD Aspherical (IF)?
We own PS CS3, what are the benefits of upgrading to CS6?
Are there drawbacks when using Panasonic lenses on Olympus Micro Four Thirds cameras?
Why picture quality decreasing with very big apperture?
Buying my next lens
Shift bellows for (canon) DSLR
Are there any sample images out there taken with ND filter and the Sigma 8-16mm lens?
Is there are any difference in quality between Large Fine JPG and converted NEF?
How to isolate an object or drawing when scanning?
How to figure out the optimal interval for a time lapse movie?
Which digital cameras are using which sensors?
Authentic Best site for selling Photographs?
How do I use a 6x4 grid in the viewfinder?
Why does Nikon warn about banding at high ISOs when using autofocus on Nikon D4 or D800?
Outdoor Event - D80 lenses
How does an octobox differ from a rectangular softbox?
Real-time vs post-production blurs — what's the difference?
Why do people say they like "art" and "photography", instead of just "art"?
Do photographers commonly use watermarks?
Does using an adapter on lenses affect the quality of the image?
Is there any difference between using camera filter and photoshop like software postprocessing?
What are the most appropriate features for a wide angle lens for fishing and landscape photograhy?
What should I do to obtain the best resolution for publishing with Blurb Photo books?
What type of wide-angled lens is the best option for photographing rooms in a hotel?
Can a new focusing screen affect exposure metering?
How can I flatten a photograph that was stored rolled a long time?
What autofocus zone selection mode should I use for action/event shooting?
What should I do when the Lightroom 3 spot removal brush gets stuck?
Good compromise on quality/compression for hi-rez photographs?
What camera settings should I use for NASCAR night racing?
How do I access "Stacks Mode" in CS6
Is there any reason to disable VR in Nikon lenses?
Why do I sometimes get a shaking viewfinder image in my Canon 550D?
What can go wrong with extreme long term exposure?
Can an image have a full 3D effect without using special glasses?
Photography in Darkness
Looking for a reasonably priced wide angle lens
Home-made snoot for macro photography. What shall I put inside?
How to resize an image for web display?
At how many megapixels should I render my image for a quality A1 print?
How to manually focus Nikon d5100 at very low light conditions?
How can I make the sky in this photo more vibrant?
What type of flash/diffuser was used in this picture?
How do I determine the best setting for the Lightroom Standard Preview Size?
How to transform a 60 fps video to a 25 fps?
What is a simple and effective method to sharpen for web output in Photoshop?
How do I correct a photo with too much blue?
How strong is the tripod mount on the bottom of a DSLR?
My "flag" option is gone from Aperture — where did it go and how do I get it back?
How doable is a Nikon mod for the Minolta Rokkor 58mm f/1.2?
Mini-Mobile And Mobile Tripods - How To Make Them Hold Smartphones For Taking Good Still Shots?
Calculate object size when I have physical pixel size
Cheap wide angle lens for Canon EOS 500 D?
Is there a keyboard shortcut for 4x6 crop in Lightroom 4, or way to set a default aspect ratio?
How to use Image Stabilization on Canon EF 24-105mm F/4 L IS USM lens
How to make transparent liquid on white porcelain visible?
How to calculate object size dependent on distance?
in Aperture 3, how do I adjust one picture while viewing multiple?
Why would some of my Lightroom3 noise reduction sliders be disabled?
Does the human eye experience noise as a camera would?
Learning about photography algorithms
How to achieve this colored-haze effect in Lightroom?
How can I make PhotoMerge work with very dark sections?
Using PhotoMerge to simulate a wider angle lens
What is must have software for image editing on Mac?
Are there any compatibility issues with Canon 60D body and the Canon Speedlite 430EX?
What does "lifted blacks" mean?
What advantages does the Brenizer method have over Photoshop blur?
Rubber is peeling off my Canon 60D grip; what glue should I use to fix it?
Where are the principal planes located in a camera lens?
How can I solve a problem with unintended bursts in single-shot mode on my Canon 7D?
What camera and accessories do I need for taking photos of paintings made with acrylics?
Where do I find stock photography I can use on a Shopify theme?
How can I make my heavy lens tripod setup usable for my non-heavy lenses?
How can I use flash more effectively in club photography?
How are "Little Planet" photos created?
How do I quantify the quality of a scan relative to the original?
How to copy a group of layers from one document to another in Photoshop?
What would cause a Pentax SDM lens to stop autofocusing, and what can I do?
How to measure distance to subject in Depth of Field calculator?
Is it possible to make a single still photo from a video?
looking for advice on new tripod ideas
What can be done to replicate the look of Andrew Bayda photographs?
What specs to keep in mind when buying a digital camera for art (paintings)?
How to set exact time on a Pentax K-5?
Is it possible for a hobbyist to create a lens element?
Possible to create/make "longer" light writing photos with post-processing?
How has the photographer made the subject stand out in this shot?
Does the older but still more expensive Pentax K-5 offer any advantages over the new K-30?
How can I make an interesting, unique photograph of a city skyline?
How Do DxO Lens Ratings compare between systems?
How important is a backup camera body?
How to check what White Balance setting was used (on a Mac)?
What is the Black Card Technique?
What to do in Lightroom when shooting both RAW and JPEG?
What is the difference between a soft and sharp image?
Are the benefits of the Canon 5D MkIII significant enough over the 5D MkII to warrant the current price difference?
DSLR Sensors vs Exmor APS HD CMOS Sensors, Product Recommendation
What impact on image resolution does the aperture have?
What program can I use to combine approximately 1000 .jpg images into a slideshow video (.mov, .mpg, .avi, or similar)?
How can I get correct focus on the moon or stars with my DSLR?
What is a focusing screen?
Is there a battery grip for the Nikon D3100 which uses standard batteries?
What software or workflow can I use to keep track of who is who at events?
How to deal with heat concerns when doing timelapse on a roadtrip?
Why is aspheric glass expensive?
Shutter half-press to focus possible in Live View mode on EOS 50D?
What does it mean to produce a single photograph using "525 separate exposures"?
How can I prevent camera noise and light reflecting off the camera?
Can I restore metadata wiped out by Topaz using Lightroom?
Since IQ is better at smaller apertures, and backgrounds can be blurred digitally, why not always shoot stopped down?
Why color and saturation is less on compact than on DSLR?
Is there any reason to take 3 RAW/JPG images to get most from HDR?
Advantage of using External Watermarking Tools rather than Photoshop
How to technically evaluate a picture?
Can Canon Rebel XS effectively optically trigger a speedlite flash?
What kind of Canon battery grip is this?
Is there free software which can correct smudges etc caused by dust inside the camera?
How can I fix Err 01 with a film-era Sigma lens on a Canon DSLR?
How do I remove a broken lens mount ring from a lens?
Does a filter exist to color-correct color negatives when copying them with a DSLR?
What do I need to know before attempting to photograph Venus in transit?
How to best filter away high ISO noise in Gimp?
How to use Hitech Stop 10 ND filter?
Why does this shot appear to have the miniature "tilt-shift" effect?
How do I find a semi-professional camera able to open the shutter for long exposure (night shots)?
How do I prevent the background from going dark when using the flash with a subject?
Is there a way to make the Nikon D5100 fire three auto-bracked shots with one press?
How to nail focus for DSLR astrophotography?
Are mirror lenses appropriate for DSLR astrophotography?
What are the types of aperture blades?
What is Canon's Super Spectra Coating?
Resize and sharpen or sharpen and then resize?
Why do these images taken at significantly different ISO appear equal in quality?
What uses does tone mapping have beyond HDR?
Why is my Nikon Coolpix S3100 showing "File contains no image data" when I try to view old photos?
How can I resize more than 2GB of travel photography with no quality compromise?
Is compositing a viable technique for high key portrait type shots?
Are color and tones in this seascape fine?
How can I set the  Canon EOS 500D interval timer to take 10 photos with a 10 second interval?
Will a faster card increase my save speed on a Fujifilm Finepix S4500?
Permanent media storage and viewing options
How do I achieve the coloring similar to photos by Tonhya Kae?
How can I repair missed focus in a valuable photo?
What is lost when RAW is exported to TIFF for editing?
Should I get the Nikon D5100 or D3200 for low light portraits?
How was Claire Benoist's flower diptych picture shot?
Stereoscopic images
How do I keep Photo Stream photos separate from imported photos in iPhoto?
Is there a way to recover corrupted JPEG files?
Why are my city night pics more blurred than I expect, and what can I  do about it?
What do I need in order to mount my zoom lens onto a tripod?
Why buy a battery grip?
Macro Photography - Monopod or Tripod?
Is it practical and worthwhile to fit old SLR lenses to mirrorless digital cameras?
How to remove flaws from multiple images?
How to shot frescoes in a dark environment?
Are there any wide angle lenses that will work on the NIKKOR 1 to give about 24 35mm equivalent?
How do you take a self-portrait similar to what you see in the mirror?
What does STM mean on a Canon lens?
What would be a better lens option for shooting portraits?
How important is a camera with improved Hydrogen Alpha sensitivity to astrophotography?
Is it poor etiquette for a second shooter at a wedding to present that work without mentioning the primary business?
Does the Canon T2i have the same battery as the T1i?
Is the image processor relevant in a camera when shooting RAW?
How do you use the different autofocus points on your DSLR?
Can wireless flash triggers decrease the camera's actual sync speed?
How did Suren Manvelyan create the macro pictures of eyes?
Why don't comparisons of aperture take sensor size into account?
What are the main factors that will affect the sharpness of my images?
How differently should I use a flash with film camera?
Color Management Books for Programmer
How to re-orient photo in camera with a Nikon 1?
What technical reasons prevent Canon's new hybrid AF working with non-STM lenses?
What does the 'macro' mode on my camera actually do?
What can I do to freeze motion in imperfect conditions?
Lightroom 4: How to export files as RAW/DNG with history?
How do I see settings afterwards on my Nikon D5100?
What causes the spots in my IR photos?
How should I choose a flatbed scanner for scanning prints?
Which parameters to lock between images for a panorama?
Nikon D3100's performance in low light
Is there a way to export from lightroom to multiple formats simultaneously?
Is there a Fuji X10 raw converter for Linux?
Using varnish for protecting photographs?
Looking for camera control software (for Nikon DSLR) to shoot time lapse
Is it usual that a narrow aperture gives a darker picture in aperture priority mode?
Different backup camera strategy
Nikon D5100 Stopped Working?
Maintaining and repairing Yongnuo vs Canon speedlites
Can the Nikon D7000 take more than 100 30-second exposures?
What are the advantages of TTL over manual mode when using speedlites?
What situation might cause a camera Lens to lose its Image stabilization ability?
Can taking photo of the moon and/or stars at night cause damage to the camera sensor?
How to safely transport a camera and its lens from one place to another?
What equipment would I need for reproducing artwork for a gallery catalog?
Is the use of coloured lighting in industrial photography a bit... Passée?
What is the average lifetime of lenses, specially L lenses
How to set Interval Timer on D7000 to take 180 x 25 second exposures with 2 seconds interval?
How to fix inoperative autofocus in Canon 70-200 F4 L USM?
Does an auto-aligning tripod exist?
Need a list of good Macro/Super Macro digital cameras
How can I rotate photos of furniture a few degrees in photoshop?
Nikon D5100 Focusing Issue
Saving of Settings of NIK plugins (like Color Efex Pro) per photo
Import PEF raw file from Pentax K-R into ps cs5 extended - not supported?
Can I use an image of someone else's displayed-in-public branding without special permission?
Lightroom mass revert of multiple operations after unwanted auto-sync
Formula 1 shooting (Hockenheim, Budapest)
Equipment rental in Southwark, London, UK
Use of photo on a game show about food and culture
As a beginner would I be better suited to a Nikon D3100 or Canon EOS 550D?
Is Apple iCam real? Would it be good?
Will Nodal point change if I change zoom on camera?
What technique can be used to restore a paper photograph from water and mold damage
Is the fake "Old photo look" taking the emotion out of real ones?
How do you print photos at non-standard sizes?
Why has my 550D camera buffer decreased?
What is WB bracketing used for?
Is there a Canon equivalent for Nikon's AF-ON focus system?
What is the difference between APS-C and Full Frame sensor?
Which offers better results: FoCal or LensAlign Pro?
How can I change where Lightroom stores draft edits?
What are the electrical contacts in a Nikon F-mount?
Which camera is better for wildlife photography (7D or 5D Mark II with tele converter)
When does the camera use the mechanical shutter and when does it use the electronic shutter?
Does the term 'shutter-actuations' only apply for DSLR and Mirrorless Camera only?
Are there software (preferable freeware) that can judge the quality of a photo (jpeg / raw format)?
Does a faster speed & bigger size SD card drain battery much faster?
Does taking photo using the camera fastest shutter speed shorten the life of a camera?
Galapagos vacation — what photo gear should I take?
How good is Manfrotto 190CXPRO3 tripod for a beginner?
Can lens accessories be used interchangeably?
How do I manually focus my macro in poor lighting conditions?
What are ways of improving aerial photos?
What could cause pink spots on my RAW photos?
Tips for printing my photos at a Costco-esque printer?
Are Kingston 32GB Full Size SDHC Class 10 cards recommended for entry-level DSLRs?
What will happen to a camera if it is taken to an environment beyond its operating temperature?
Why does Lightroom 4 not have chromatic aberration sliders?
Overexposed shots on a sunny day with Auto settings?
Can I increase the resolution of a six-megapixel photo to print on a large canvas?
What type of cloth is safe to clean lenses?
Canon 60D with SanDisk 32GB microSDHC Class 10 = Card Error
Resizing/pixel-binning workflow?
best general lens for Canon crop
Are there any memory cards available which can keep up with the Canon 1d x?
Metering strategies for time lapse
Canon G1 X Custom Color Resets
Is it worth to buy old Sigma lens instead of Nikkor?
What printer can output photo-album pages on thick paper?
Is it possible/advisable to skip firmware updates?
How do I take better pictures with smaller apertures and wider angles?
What kind of effect can I hope to achieve by hand-holding a filter at an angle?
Factors for preventing noise in-camera
What exactly is "base ISO" and how do I find what is base ISO on my camera?
RAWtherapee vs darktable for Linux
Is there a photoshop plugin or any other piece of software that can do super resolution?
warehouse interior photography to show scale
How do I get Lightroom 4 to respect custom shooting profile on 5d Mk II?
Canon 550D lens suggestions
What is Aliasing and Anti-Aliasing?
Does leaving the battery inside a inactive camera for a few days consume power?
Built-In ND Filter versus Add-On Filter
Advantages of a ring-flash in portrait and wedding photography
Why is the lowest ISO always 100?
Manipulating images at different spatial scales
Zoom Lens and Prime Lens Photo Comparison
Why aren't there any cooled CCD sensors to reduce noise?
Preserve manually selected detail when stiching panorama in Photoshop
How important is the viewfinder coverage percentage? (Figures like 95%; 100% for Canon 7D?)
What will I miss with non-100% viewfinders?
Why is the Fluorescent filter for a flash green?
What causes a band-like pattern in photos of a CFL?
What does "part of a design and manipulated accordingly" mean in a stock photography license?
What specifics does a street style/detailed photography camera + lens need to have?
What is the price graph of Nikon cameras?
Is facebook applying some undetectable color profile or is firefox's color management nonsense?
24mm f2.8 vs 24-85 f3.5-f4.5 (Nikon)
How to use in-camera AF light, instead of speedlight AF light?
How do I get the Olympus OM-D E-M5's "multi function" button to be multi?
Can I make the Olympus OM-D E-M5 control panel always active with one button press?
Noise Issue / Canon 5D Mark II
Canon Pixma 9000 Mark II With Semi Gloss Paper Settings
Is there a device to take product photos from different angles at the same time?
What lens should I buy to get sharp pictures from my D7000?
Is my Canon EF-S 15-85mm IS USM lens defective or par for course?
Did I make a mistake buying a D5100 to get started with photography?
Sunrise and sunset photography with a small digital camera
How To Fix Badly Functioning Shutter Release-Button?
Problem with TTL autofocus on Canon 450d - is there a way to adjust?
How can I import multiple cards into Lightroom simultaneously?
How does calibration of my monitor affect viewing of my photos on other monitors?
Image use guidelines that seem to completely contradict themselves
iPhone location scouting app that reads geo-location exif data
How to use built-in flash with off-camera 430ex ii on my Canon 600D
how to make a grey warehouse exterior interesting
How does tripod sensing image stabilization work on a lens?
What is the crop factor for Four Thirds cameras considering aspect ratios?
How to take photo by monitor instead of viewfinder with my new Nikon DSLR?
Is it worth it to read The Book of Optics
What focal length lens do I need for photographing the moon?
Is the Arca Swiss Z1 compatible with Kirk brackets
Canon 550D Vs Nikon D3100 for wildlife and nature photography
Casio Exilim EX-Z85 camera broken flash
Can hot days damage your camera?
How needed is the Image Stabilization on the Canon 70-200 f2.8 L USM lens?
Why don't point & shoot cameras employ the oversampling technique of the Nokia Pureview 808?
What are the different focal lengths of macro lenses and their advantages?
100 year old hand painted backdrops - How to gently clean?
Are digital backdrop workflows more cost efficient than muslin backdrops for studios?
Should I buy an L Lens for my crop camera before buying a full-frame body?
Product shot of a vase with decals: reflections obscuring decals
Is there a way to have Lightroom include the cropped aspect ratio in the filename when the file is exported?
Is there a way for various online photo services to import the same keywords/tags added in Lighroom?
How about a Photography equipment Lending Business
Can we combine extension tubes and diopters for greater macro magnification?
Why is the focus distance for a mirror image further than the surface of the mirror itself?
Photo and data sorting software
Is AEB possible in Manual mode on Canon Powershot G1 X?
A Good "Flexible" Default Setting For Shooting Highly Dynamic Subjects
How does Super Resolution work?
Post-processing workflows for outdoor baby photography
Sharpening for smart phone viewing
How to get rid of dead/stuck pixels in a chdk generated DNG?
Is there a free piece of software that will export metadata for a folder full of images to a table?
How can you make the most of mobile phone cameras?
What's a good online tool for finding the right SLR?
Why does my Nikkor 12-24mm lens vignette on my Nikon D800?
What software can I use to stitch together thousands of photos into a time lapse video?
Motorola Razr Maxx compression removal
What are proper settings to capture sun rise time-lapse?
Is it possible to operate the Panasonic GH1 via just the EVF if the LCD is broken?
Should my speedlite burn through batteries when not in use?
What are my rights as a press photographer?
From a pure specs perspective, do micro four thirds cameras like the E-PL2 have any advantages over Sony's new RX100?
Does a YCbCr color picker exist for Windows or Unix?
Does the Fujifilm X-Pro 1 show the effects of exposure compensation in the EVF?
How can I fire both a wireless trigger and an on camera flash at the same time?
What kind of special effects can be created using polarizing filters?
DOF with a telephoto lens
How to never stack photos and always show all photos in Lightroom?
What's the safest orientation for storing a lens in a bag?
Remotely start recording on 60D with Yongnuo RF-602's
Evaluating cameras for cycling
Manual or Automatic Speedlight?
Nikon d5100 memory card capacity for NEF+JPEG(fine)
Photoshop only prints in B&W on Pixma Pro 9000, MK2
Prepare to format my PC and backing up my photos in Lightroom 4
Can my Nikkor 35mm f1.8 be used as a macro lens, with reversing ring?
Which Canon DSLR models have sRAW/mRAW support?
Is there a formula to calculate DOF?
How can I manually mark a photo/video as successfully published in Lightroom 4?
Will the YougNuo YN-565EX set as slave work as TTL?
Is there a site for browsing a ton of photographers by location and skillset?
How do I protect a canvas photo print after the fact?
What are the best macro lenses for canon ef mount?
What are the optical characteristics of glass darkend with candle fumes?
Canon 5d mark III vs canon 1d X for studio/wedding/outdoor work?
Does the Nikon D40x support SDHC class 10 and 6 cards?
Tablet Apps for Simple Processing of RAW files
T4i 650D Vs. T3i 600D - Is it worth paying $350 more?
What gives lenses a cinematic feel?
Has anyone tried the ColorHug?
How to best take a picture of a screen, like a computer monitor, with a phone camera?
Best Camera in a range of 13-16k INR
What should I look for in a tabletop tripod /support?
What is a good amount of noise reduction to apply in post-processing?
How to calculate f-stop and ISO equivalents for a Lomography Spinner 360°?
Photo Processing - What am I doing wrong?
Metering mode for fireworks shooting
What unique techniques can I use for shooting fireworks?
Long exposure water shots tutorial for dummies?
Why won't my new Canon Rebel T3i take a picture with the 18-55mm lens in autofocus mode?
How can I force my D5100's shutter to stay open?
Is it feasible to use a Canon lens on Nikon body for extra macro ability?
Micro Four Thirds: Which lens adapters are most compatible?
Highest quality vs smallest file size for email
Photos taken on unformatted compact flash card
Travel / Hiking tripod recommendation
Why are some of my photos coming out almost completely purple?
Best Canon lens for 60D for close up photos and videos
Pop up flash & softbox headlight unit
Family Mac workflow to enable family editing/viewing of images/movies
Raw versus JPG Images with a DSLR
Image blurry when split image is aligned in the focusing screen
Would you try to repair this equipment?
Why is a 1" sensor actually 13.2 × 8.8mm?
How can I find the matrix that GIMP used?
Fast Lens for D7000
Cheap telephoto lens with zoom higher than AF-S DX VR Zoom-Nikkor 55-200mm
Is there a radio flash control system for Olympus that allows setting flash power from the camera?
Name of the book/album with an entire road/boulevard photographed
Slow flash when shooting a D90 and SB 700
What color profile is being used in PS when Proof Colors is OFF?
How do I force Adobe Camera Raw to use monitor color profile?
How to get rid of smoke in this fireworks photo in post processing
Where is the best place to get my beloved Rollei serviced?
What's the exact meaning of picture style / profile, i.e. what does it do?
How should I approach people to take their portrait?
What old wide angle lens should I use for reverse macro?
Clicking Monochrome vs Converting to MonoChrome
Does "Proof Color" with "Monitor RGB" option in PS ensure that I see TRUE colors?
Buying a new camera (for the 1st time)
What Nikon lens for both macro and portrait?
Will lenses with filter attachment size 58mm fit my camera when the kit lens has filter size 72 mm?
Is a Nikon FG good enough for art school?
Can someone shed some light on how the effect in this bar photo was done?
Why is a DSLR bigger than an SLR?
What tripod leg extensions systems are there?
How do you photograph fog or mist?
How to achieve the blurred vertical lines effect in these photos?
I almost cannot switch to manual focus on my Canon 17-40 f/4 L lens
Can Canon DPP create HDR images from 3 RAW images?
Should my flash zoom match my lens focal length or its 35mm equivalent?
Are Nikon lens double the cost of Canon auto-focus lens?
Is there any guideline for photo frame width?
Is there a name for artifacts for taking a photo of LCD / LED screens and how to remove or avoid it?
How to get a smooth gradient on sky?
Why do some lenses cost 10 times as much when the specs are very close?
Why isn't the intervalometer on my D800 working, no matter what settings I use?
Budget Nikon setup - future problems due to AF-S vs AF?
Nikon D80 shutter problem
Suitability of zoom lens to 5D full frame sensor camera
Given the same lens, does shooting with FX cameras yield sharper results than DX cameras?
How to licence out photos to postcard or gift suppliers
What are the right cleaning tools for an APS-C sensor?
Would it be better to use hotshoe flashes or studio lights for a product shoot?
Expanding a bokeh background using the clone stamp and other tools
Modify exposure of a specific part of an image using rawtherapee or gimp (ufraw)
What would be an inexpensive lens for wedding photography?
What does pixel count suggest?
What should I do for lighting a wedding reception in a gym?
Versatile professional digital camera options
Can I batch process Nikon RAW (.nef) files to make them look like the camera's jpg compression?
How do I use the ColorHug in Windows?
How to take good care for camera bags or pouch?
What is the significance of the word "Color" in the names of some older lenses?
Laws regarding photos taken from airplane?
How to achieve good scenic photos without HDR?
Why does my Fujifilm FinePix S1800 have far greater shutter lag in EVF mode than in LCD mode?
What is best for making stop motion animation - Digital camera or SLR?
What are the options for showing clients their proofs online?
Why are residents of some states not allowed in National Geographic Traveler Photo Contest 2012?
Is there a digital body which will let me use lenses from my Yashica Fx 2?
Healing dust and scratch marks in scanned photos in post-processing
How do I prevent condensation in my waterproof GoPro casing?
Why does my sensor require frequent cleaning?
What camera strap works well with a 70-200mm lens?
Nikon P310 - Infinity Focus and Flash
Should the lens cover / lens cap be on the camera while inside a dry box / dry cabinet?
Can I add the filename as a tag to the image on Lightroom when exporting
Why do the Nikon V1 lens' websites seem to give different f-stops than the lenses?
Where is my DOF button in 550D?
how do I long expose in harsh light for a lake view?
How do I get a decent zoom lens for my Micro 4/3 camera?
Can I change the lens of my film SLR even when a film is loaded?
Shooting video on the canon 550D
Where can I find photos with EXIF data online for learning purposes?
how the camera determines correct aperture and ISO in bulb mode?
How can I get attachments to work if I don't have threads on my lens?
Why is maximum shutter speed fixed on Nikon DSLRs when using flash?
On a very limited budget, should I get a zoom lens, prime, or flash? (Samsung NX)
Which light & Lens I have to buy for taking portfolio session & modeling?
Practical speed difference between 1:2.5 and 1:1.7?
How to Bulk-Crop many images whitespace?
Is it possible to physically calibrate a Nikon 50mm 1.4G
Scanning film photograph for backup and archives
Why is my Phoenix external flash not charging?
Exposure Length to capture lightning?
Cropping problem with Nixon Coolpix P510
What’s this post-processing effect?
Why are my images always underexposed in Tv/M mode?
Taking pictures with fixed/full focus camera
What makes the focus ring on a lens go smoothly?
Will camera body automatically adjust for IS lens?
Can Nikon flashes display flash power used right after a shot was taken?
How do photo files get damaged?
Renaming Photos in Sequential Alphabetical order
Automatically Straighten Photos
What are the laws in Australia surrounding photography in public places?
Will a Nikon D5100 benefit from using a class10 HDHC memory card over a class 6?
How should I choose time for photographing the moon?
Fixing F number in Manual Focus 50mm lens on a D7000
Nikon D3100 corrupt files?
Best SD Card for Nikon D3100?
Best all round zoom lens for D3100?
50mm vs 85mm for portraits on a crop sensor?
Which DSLR for a total beginner?
Are there adapters that allow autofocus & electronic control?
Is there a difference in sharpness between aperture stops?
Which Canon L lenses offer a big advantage over their non-L counterparts?
How to get better photos with Canon's G12 built-in flash?
Are there any photographic qualifications that are worth getting?
Geotagging with standalone unit or smartphone app?
What is this "lines in the sky" (arcs in the sky) effect called?
Which lens to buy for capturing hot air balloons?
Can Lightroom & Elements on different PCs share the same photos?
How To Take Better Macro Shots with Nikon 1?
When and where do you need to use a tripod?
How to photograph rain drops / water drops?
What cheap equipment can I use to hold a reflector in place?
Panasonic GF3 - stuck on monochrome?
What would cause a hot-spot (large) in Live-view but not when shot through the viewfinder of Nikon D7000?
Where can I get free RAW files online for practicing with Lightroom?
Restore colors from an infrared frame in Gimp
How water-resistant are Nikon's weather sealed lenses?
Canon 5D Mark III - problems with fluorescent light
SUGGEST A WORTHY LENS FOR D3200
What are the London Olympics 2012 official camera equipment restrictions?
What causes this bluish tint and other anomalies in this image?
Does number of elements and groups of lens affect bokeh shape?
What surface to use for food photography?
What is the best practice in using LR/Enfuse?
Will my EF or EF-S lenses work on EOS Film Cameras?
Astro-Photography with Maksutov-Cassegrain Telescope and Canon EOS?
Can different metering modes affect sharpness for a m42 prime lens?
What's the technical difference between artificial and natural light?
How to print outer page extent outline or crop marks in Lightroom 4?
What's the best fish eye lens money can buy for canon full frame body?
What setup to take photographs of barcodes on the underside of a small tray?
lens care: compressing lens without full-time manual focus when camera is off?
What does it mean to shoot in flat colors?
How to improve the PowerShot G12 shooting speed?
If someone makes a picture of me, who owns the right to it?
Need lens sugestion for canon 550D camera
RAW Conversion is better on Canon Utilities or LightRoom?
Is the Tamron 18-200 lens for Canon good for macro photography?
Is it a good way store photo sets in a djvu file?
What is the safest way to clean a greasy camera body?
What happens if I take too many shots on a film?
Does the Sony a57 have a time-lapse function?
How to clean a camera after being exposed to sea spray?
Why does opening Lightroom 4 cause a color shift to my entire display?
What are some Chinese/Asian photo sharing websites similar to Flickr?
In Lightroom, how to merge folders on different drives that are within the same catalogue to one drive?
How to update Lightroom catalogue with intentional file removal done in OS?
How To Make Photoshop CS6 Tilt-Shift Guidelines Reappear?
What is the 'Maximum Reproduction Ratio' of a lens?
Tool for organising my photos?
SD Card disapears after a while
Canon 180 MM Macro Magnifier
What image-quality characteristics make a lens good or bad?
How to re-organise an existing Lightroom library?
How can I take pictures of flying seagulls without just getting white blobs?
How can I remove pen marks on a photograph?
Do non-distorted wide angle lenses exist for the Pentax KR?
What is the strange wide, bright line across this photograph?
What is the device held near the subject's face in this picture?
Is there a keyboard shortcut for the "All Photographs" collection in Lightroom?
What print media works best for framed prints behind glass?
Nikon D5100 - how to keep HDR activated after taking a shot?
Moving Lightroom catalog from PC to Macbook using Google Drive
Which lens will be good for a new photographer with Canon 60D camera?
Some .CR2 files open with Camera Raw but some do not - on my mac
Can I use my existing Canon lenses on an EF-M camera body?
What would be a DSLR to use for combination outdoor photography and astrophotography?
How can I decide between the 70-300mm vs. 100-400mm Canon L lenses?
How will a Canon EOS M serve as a second/alternative body?
Canon Powershot TX1 LCD color issue
Is there a way to correct exposure on photos in a panorama taken without AE lock on?
Can I develop Kodak Ektachrome 160 film myself, and if so, how?
Does the meter in the Canon AE-1 work well?
What is a good composition style for photographs like these?
Looking for lighting for 3-light setup
How does iDynamic on Panasonic G Micro Four Thirds cameras work?
Can smudges and grease marks add to the problem of lens flare?
How do I get the Super Control Panel of Olympus OM-D E-M5 to appear on rear-LCD screen when the EVF is on?
How to enable auto-loading of several next photos in Lightroom?
Keeping menu or preview showing for longer on Nikon D5100
Head on character reference photo is slightly turned, how can I straighten it?
Need advice on purchasing flashes for use with a light tent
How was this blurry background, sharp motorbike effect achieved?
How can I ensure my gray card is color-accurate?
What does the term "saturation luminance" mean in the definition of dynamic range?
How to protect photographs on camera from being viewed/copied?
At what point does "out of focus" become Bokeh?
What are IS modes and what are their purposes?
Portable Storage Device while traveling
Pentax P-TTL: Why and when does underexposure occur and what can I do?
I too have a time-lapse problem . . .
How to take care of a new lens?
Interesting locations to shoot in the UK Midlands
False colour effect in lightroom
How to power and mount flashes?
How do I set the focus in long exposure night sky shots?
What is DRI? And how does it differ from HDR?
Canon EF vs Canon EF-S lens
Best Digital Scanning techniques - help
Why do people in the stands during events use flash?
What should I look for in an infrared filter?
Digital Camera Screen Is All White - Pictures Taken Are Also All White
Best zoom walk around lens for Canon 40D
Why would a photographer do focus stacking?
How to mount a 58mm lens on Nikon D80?
Powering a Nikon SB-28 or Cobra flash with an external (not portable) power supply for studio use. 
Geotagging vs. Keywording
What are the difference in multi coatings of old lens like m42 lens and modern lens like canon EF-S?
All my photos were blurry
What would be the right approach to take pictures of a long counter?
How to do selective-color in Photoshop?
some criteria when a filter looks good
What's the best way to get a photo from Lightroom to another PC for printing?
how to improve body scape shots?
Why do my photos look like they're painted?
Tips on getting group shots for family
What is this effect called and how can I post process my photos to get this effect?
How to understand the definition of dynamic range?
Does the imaging circle size change when a lens zooms?
How can I convert geotagged location to a collection of descriptive tags?
Understanding Hue, and is there something else I should be using?
Can ultra-high ISO ever yield good results?
Why would my Hoya ND8 Pro 1 decrease the white balance dramatically?
How to protect my gear after moving to a humid area?
Night Sky Time Lapse Photography
Why can't my camera autofocus in low light with a small aperture?
Looking for a camera bag to fit our non-standard tripod needs
Manual focus in Nikon Coolpix P7100
Why are my recovered images only 160x120 pixels?
Do point and shoot cameras have a metering sensor?
Photo printed on tshirts?
What is the conversion between focal length and times zoom?
Looking for a DSLR bag with wallet for 7" Android tablet / 9" netbook (for on-the-go editing, backup pics/WiFi uploads)
How does the sensitivity of camera sensor behaves with the infrared filters?
What are the important criteria in selecting a DSLR camera for conference photography?
What on-camera geotagger do you recommend for a Canon DSLR?
Do all cameras with autofocus need motors?
Why is ETTL necessary?
What would I lose by deleting old Lightroom backup folders?
Pentax DA L lens focusing scale?
Why do filters still use a screw mount?
How to make some nice photographs of midday sun?
Can I photograph people publicly, in the USA, without their consent?
how does full frame cameras give better bokeh than crop sensor?
What filter should I buy if I wanted to do 5 min shutter speed in daylight?
Suggestions required for pairing Canon 430EX II with an ideal Yongnuo speedlite (2 light setup)
Is it possible to create an inside-out panorama?
How do I find a camera specifically for bokeh / a very shallow depth of field?
Does Apple Aperture have a way to change the exposure of many files at once?
Does a viewfinder cover really make a difference?
RAW HDR with Photomatix dramatically different images in preview vs final
Software suggestion to locate stars
Does long exposure cause hot pixels in photos?
Which is the best batch image watermarking software?
Why is sensor sensitivity called "ISO"?
How do I remove ALL TRACES of Adobe CS6?
Equipment Recommendation for around $2000
What is mapped color and how to use them in astro-photography?
How can I export TIFF images to JPEG with no adjustments, using Lightroom?
What alternatives are there to a selfie stick for self-portraits while traveling?
How can I share rating metadata between Aperture and PhotoMechanic?
Is it normal to see a different exposure reading through viewfinder and LCD?
Are fully automatic DSLR lens changers available? What are suitable alternatives?
Why are Curiosity Mars rover photos black and white with huge white border?
Plan to a landscape shot
What would be a recomended telephoto lens for infrequent use in landscape photography?
Why does Lightroom create a new copy of the image before editing it by another program?
How does TTL flash metering works in film cameras?
Why do polaroid images look like they do?
Digital camera with WI-FI and time-lapse function
How does averaging images or lowering resolution reduce noise?
What settings should I use when growing out of auto modes for indoor photography?
How to use pop-flash for a night shot in manual mode?
Can a sharp picture with a kit lens plus post processing rival a "pro" lens?
What is a super-zoom lens for Sony NEX or Samsung NX?
what's the relation between sensor size and image quality (noise, dynamic range)?
What are causes for image sensor getting heated? Does Live View cause more heat?
Recommended filters for sunrise/ocean landscape shot
Macro mode: Should I make sure the lens is all zoomed out?
How can I take slow, wide-open photos in bright light?
How can I make my beach shots more interesting?
Upgrade from D3100 to D90
How can I find duplicate photos in a very large pool of data (tens to hundreds of gigs)?
Medium format starter kit for "playing with"
Will JYC IR Remote Controls ML-N work with a Nikon D7000?
Bright dots on all images
High end Portfolios?
Best place/price to get my Nikon D80 serviced?
How to determine date photo shot or developed from pre-digital age pictures?
D3200 or D5100 for a beginner DSLR camera?
Why do skin tones become yellower / oranger when the flash is on?
Is there a better macro lens for the Canon EOS system than the MP-E 65mm?
Is there any filter opposite to Polarizing filter, to emphasize reflections?
Will manual focus be available when reverse mounting a lens?
How can I take long exposure photos with a webcam?
D5100 Car Photography Settings Recomendations
How to understand the picture height?
Why milky way galaxy cannot be seen by human eye while by camera?
Digicam as recording device
LR Moving pictures from computer
Is the Canon EF 28mm f/1.8 USM on a 40d  wide enough for aurora borealis photography?
Are there true 360 degree cameras?
Circular polarizer in underwater photography?
Where do I find replacement parts for Agfa Billy Record cameras, from the 30s and 40s?
How can I make phase-detection AF more accurate with a Canon 650d and 50mm/1.8?
Why the need for SLR in digital cameras?
Is it possible to manage photos without importing them into libraries in iPhoto or Aperture?
Canon EOS 1000D gives Err 01, then phase-detection AF stops working
How the splash is created in Cookie splash photography?
How would I go about re-covering a Hasselblad?
Why not separate a tilt shift lens into two separate lenses?
How do aperture and the tilt portion of a tilt shift lens relate?
Cheap panoramic setup
Why does storing a long exposure photo take almost as long as the exposure time itself?
How can you tell if a Nikkor lens is an FX lens?
How to make a image fade out in two sides just like this
Long exposures without turning night into day
For the same number of shots, does continuous shooting wear out a shutter or other mechanical parts faster than single shots?
How to photograph sun bursts through tree canopy?
How can I avoid star effect on light sources on long exposure photos?
How to identify photoshop-edited files
nikon 70-300 f4.5-5.6 vr problem
What can be used to "fight" light pollution in astrophotography?
What should I look for in taking pictures of a historic prison?
Why are lenses like the 40mm small and lightweight, but get larger and heavier as they get wider or narrower?
How can I create a DIY ND400 filter?
Is it possible to combine multiple cameras for improved detail?
Can fill flash be used for both backlit and "frontlit" subjects?
How can I take natural looking photos of my kids, etc. with a compact camera indoors?
Simple paint program to adjust alpha values
Why is my SD card filling up too fast?
Can the lensbaby achieve a similar effect to a ± 8.5° tilt?
What is the difference between a point-and-shoot and a mirrorless?
Compatibility of a Sigma Lens adapted to a Minolta 7000 A/F camera with a Sony Alpha 330 Camera
Lightroom 4.1 HDR (From other source than Photoshop)
What results to expect from a Hasselblad Carl Zeiss 50mm 4f on a Nikon adaptor
When I change the EV compensation, how will that affect my aperture, shutter speed, or ISO?
Are lenses like this actually available?
How is the water effect achieved in "Dali Atomicus"?
How to calculate the new field of view from an existent one?
Why can't I save video file from canon dslr to computer hard drive?
Does specialty film scanner software provide any real benefits over bundled applications?
How do I use the Canon EF 16-35/2.8L with Hugin?
Wide angle + macro converter
What variable maximizes color in astrophotography?
Adobe Bridge aspect ratio terminology
Below which focal length are lenses considered to be wide angle?
Adding context to your images, specifically within Apple Aperture
Remote controlled flash and umbrella/softbox
What is meant by Subjective Image Quality (SQF)?
How to prevent Aperture from zooming in every time I open an image
Is the Nikkor "AF-S 35mm f1.8G DX" as close to a 50mm as I can get on the Nikon D5100
Using different Lightroom catalogues for Import and Export?
Lightroom: how to backup the catalog and photos (raw files) on a network drive
Is it dangerous to do a lens change with power on?
Why does a 50mm lens appear to give a human perspective, rather than a normal lens?
what are some online Simulators for Photographic equipments?
Which adapter do I need to mount a vintage Marexar-CX Lens to Nikon D3100?
Why is the sky in photos always too white?
how to cut a silver object against darker background?
What caused dark areas around bright light in this cityscape shot?
Has anyone used a DiCAPac waterproof case? Looking for point and shoot dust protection
What would be a good indoor setup to find a lens's sharpest aperture?
What low-cost ultra-wide angle DX lens will autofocus on my Nikon D5000?
How to shoot B&W images in SONY Cyber Shot DSC-H70?
How can I achieve this warm, sunny, saturated effect in Photoshop?
Why is the neck strap of an SLR attached to the top plate of the body?
Why don't usual pictures of Sun show any protuberance or explosions?
How to identify a fake LP-E8 Canon battery
Tips to buy second lens for Canon 550D
What kind of signed statement or writing do I need from a model to own a license on the photo?
How can I be sure a lens will autofocus on my Nikon D5000?
DX vs FX the final comparison
Can lens stacking cause sensor damage?
Portrait to Landscape - Common Extra Space Fillers?
How do i set studio flash power for a film camera without TTL/OTF metering
Recommended XMP tag for "Scanner"
Why am I getting a cyan cast on Epson Claria printer only in the highest-res print mode?
Is it worth keeping the original packaging for gear such as lenses and camera bodies?
How are Nikon model numbers classified?
How do I add watermark for photos already in Picasa web?
How to separate two stuck filters
How does dust removal features of scanners work?
Should I buy a adapter ring with or without AF confirm?
Photo editing: Is it ethically ok?
How do I use a manual ring flash?
Suitable lenses - Canon 5D Mark II
How does a fly-by-wire focusing lens work?
Astrophotography picture with too much noise. How do I correct this in postprocessing?
Lenses recommended for a beginner filmmaker?
Picking a new primary zoom lens for D7000
Can I attach more filters to a full frame lens on a cropped body without vignetting than with a cropped lens?
How to take good pictures when you are at the right place at the wrong time?
How do you Geocode photos based on a GPX track in Lightroom 4?
Canon T2i doesn't seem to take crisp photos
How to print and frame composite plaques for school pictures
What are hidden-gem "bang for the buck" lenses for Nikon?
How to split tone in Nik Silver Efex Pro 2?
Is there a way to use phase detection AF with live view on a Canon EOS camera?
What support system do I use to keep a telephoto lens stable?
Why do some people prefer 50mm to 35mm prime lenses, even for a crop sensor?
When is HDR preferred to Active D-Lighting?
What are the laws in the United States concerning photo printing copyrights?
Does sensor size affect lens distortion?
Can I make my Canon dslr instantly zoom to 1:1 after shooting a picture?
Is it a printer's responsibility to determine copyright?
Retrofocus lens? What's that?
Is using Photoshop a good habit in photography?
Do photographic printers employ "Printer Steganography"?
Slowest shutter speed possible using a monopod?
Can a consumer-grade camera take good aurora pictures?
Can I use Lightroom to crop a photo evenly around a center point?
Animated mosaic
How does a macro lens focus so close?
Where exactly would the focal length of a lens in the ray diagram fall?
Easier ways to pre focus a distance on a lens without manual focusing meter?
How do I photograph a wedding in the rain?
How important is a fast aperture in a wide angle lens?
What is the blurred light effect in this portrait?
What battery types are suitable for low temperatures and high altitudes?
What is the significance of a 50mm lense?
How to use this flash settings / chart
How do you create a washed out effect with deep blacks?
can I export iphoto organisational data for use in another photo management tool
Basic lighting setup for clothing photography
In what way will affordable high density displays affect photography?
Kiron 70-201mm f/4 Macro Lens to a Nikon Dslr 3100
RAW to TIF conversion creating GINORMOUS TIF Files
How do I achieve fireworks pictures such as the hirobamboo method?
Do professionals use auto mode?
What is the best auto-focus mode to use for bird photography?
Have I broken my Canon 28-135mm lens after DIY repair?
What is this L-Bracket with Pivot?
How to publish super-mega/gigapixel panoramas?
Are images like this possible straight out of a D40 without post-processing?
Why does my Zeiss Hasselblad Distagon lens have a 5 blade diaphragm?
How do I get the high contrast sharpness seen in this B&W portrait?
Why do camera manufacturers use different lens mounts?
How to take Nice Macro Photos with a Nikon CoolPix L26 16mp?
Why would I want to use a tilt shift lens for panoramic photography?
Are the perspective control advantages of a tilt shift lens less important on higher resolution cameras?
What is the structure of a photosite?
What is meant by 'centering quality'?
Choosing the size of SD card for a Canon 550D?
Is diffraction an issue with macro lenses?
How to photograph people with a prominent (wide, big) nose?
Why is my D5000 not saving pictures?
Extend working distance on macro lenses?
Professional grade alternative to Photoshop 
Is there a use case for a browser-based raw previewer?
How to edit the exposure/contrast of two different areas of a photo with a smooth transition between the two parts?
Why are 50mm Lenses Cheaper?
Straighten single layer with the ruler tool in CS6
Help! I have corrupted Jpeg files and I want to get them back to normal!
Co-linear dual tripod mount for huge lenses
Object size discrepancy in image (Round object occupies more pixels than it should)
Why does my Canon 1000D focus only on the bottom part of an image?
What are cameras that allow you to change the lens called?
Who is the (contemporary) photographer using an old bellows camera?
Help identifying a camera during the London Olympics games 2012
any Hitech Reverse ND Grad users out there?
What are the risks of using Magic Lantern?
Why is my lens focusing sound lounder than before?
What's difference between DSLR and bridge camera lenses?
How do Canon 600D and 650D compare with respect to focus points types?
What are screw drive lenses?
What are factors to look at when going from a entry level DSLR to a higher level?
CHDK - Network scripting?
What telephoto lens should I get for Canon 600D sub £500?
Canon GPS Receiver GP-E2 placement on Canon 7D
Can I exclude subtags when searching for a tag?
Any good yet reasonably priced tripods
What is the best way to avoid moon and light glare in night exposures without using photo editing software
Unable to use  mirror up mode and wireless remote on a D7000
How does light pollution affect astrophotography?
Focus ring stuck on Canon 17-85mm lens
Could I get a lens hood that suits 'all' lenses?
Tips to manually focus sharply with viewfinder?
Pentax DA L 55-300mm lens very soft--is it broken?
Photography Apps
Fluorescent/neon clothing
Can one tell, just by looking at a picture, if it's a sunset or a sunrise?
Is introduction of touch screen in DSLRs a boon?
Format for importing keywords into Lightroom from exif
Infrared Photography - How to set White Balance?
How can I deal with height differences at a wedding?
Clearer - Sharper images reducing noise?
How do I photograph the moon with a compact camera?
How much is condition worth in a used camera?
How do I measure the saturation luminance?
How to protect lens from mist formation while shooting in places like beaches?
Group sharing photos without registration?
Zooming in/out changes f stop
Lomography Diana for a novice photographer
When is high ISO noise not noticeable?
Are adjustable ND filters as good as the "normal" ones?
What do the measurements for colour depth mean?
How to protect surface of lens or filter from condensation of moisture
How to capture details of the moon?
Entry-level DSLR specs
What Eye-Fi cards support Ad Hoc networks (Wireless SD Cards)?
How do I stitch two star trails photos taken by different cameras?
How to photograph a couple exiting their wedding at night?
What Software can I use to clean up scanned slide images?
Bridge Camera with wide angle lens for estate agent
What are the logistical pros and cons of traveling with a full size tripod?
Canon 50mm f/1.8 vs Canon 28mm f/1.8 (vs Sigma 30mm f/1.4)
Would This "Flash Diffuser" Be Any Good for My SB700?
Are there software that search your photo gallery given a photo file?
Lightroom Exporting for web optimum settings
Ноw can I make 1) light colors glow / 2) warming image (CS5)
What to look for in an intervalometer?
How to reduce the image resolution to increase ppi?
What benefits does a faster memory card provide?
Gigapixel panorama problems
Is there a Micro Four Thirds to Four Thirds Adapter?
Does the Nokia Lumia 920 truly present any significant advancements in cameras?
What is the effect of directly changing exposure from the camera's menu?
How is aperture handled when in live view mode?
My 4x5's Rangefinder image is shifted horizontally
Can the Olympus EPL3 camera be tethered to a computer?
Night-time football game under field lights
Does the internal structure of an umbrella-type softbox impact light quality?
Can I calibrate the D7000 LCD brightness to better match my monitor?
Profile Silhouettes and Rim Lights: How to Do it Right?
Taking sports and action shots with regular lenses
How is shots per second of a camera is measured?
Upgrade from EF-S 15-85 IS
What is a Carbon Print?
Which is a good photography book?
Where can I upload and print photos on metallic paper?
Lens with small scratches on the front element - how do they affect IQ?
How to take quality photos of products?
What is the difference between active and passive fill light?
Using Light - Effects of Long Exposures?
EOS M focal length conversion to cropped frame and full frame camera
Resource for guidance on achieving specific styles and 'looks' independent of software
How to calculate the zoom power (X factor) for a lens?
What cheap flashes for Nikon offer a repeating flash mode?
How to create a 'collage' type image in Hugin
Does the Nikon 35-70mm really equal the newer 24-70mm in image quality and sharpness?
Nikon D5100 - completely white image
Why does my Nikon sb900 have a delayed response?
Comparison list of tagging & editing methods in photo management software
Is it possible to use a YN467 TTL Flash Speedlite on a Nikon D40?
Is the dynamic range affected by exposure time?
Variable ISO Sensor: Possible and/or Useful?
Nikon Vertical Shutter Button Switch
How to Take HDR Photos of Moving Objects?
What factors influence whether a lens and camera combination front or back focus?
Can the camera select wrong exposure just because of color?
Workflow solution for working with an iPad and Windows PC?
Why are the Curiosity pictures shown tilted?
How to make Canon 500D as IR camera?
Is there any way starburst diffractions could be captured with a fixed f/2 smartphone lens?
What does "green background" means, when related to "vibration reduction"
Is small sensor always a bad thing?
Super zoom vs. moderate zoom in compacts
Olympus XZ-1 stain on photos
What is an effective way to photograph tall structures (especially from nearby)?
How do I find the thread diameter of my lens?
EOS Utility does not detect my 550D
Can a Canon T3 DSLR be used with my TAMRON AF TELE-MACRO 90-300mm lens?
Recommended start point for sharpening RAW Images
Why won't my Canon Speedlite 430EX II AF Assist come on?
Can you tell how effective a camera's high ISO images are from the specs?
Why does my DSLR's viewfinder ignore the aperture ring on a legacy lens?
Pros and cons of using mirror lock-up?
How can I repair a corrupt .nef file?
Best easy-to-carry-around Canon (or ANY OTHER) camera plus lenses for bird /wildlife/landscape photography (hobby)?
Which photoshop book?
Quick control dial problem on Canon EOS 7D
Which is the first camera that introduced dial method to set values?
Is there technically such an entity as "faceless portraits"?
Night sports photography - Nikon D90/Nikkor 70-300 lens
How to photograph star trails AND city lights?
Is it possible to print a good quality 72X72" photo from a Nikon D700?
What program can automatically resize & crop a folder of images to a certain resolution?
Canon 550d vs nikon d3200
Can a bad lens contact cause false battery warnings?
How can I transfer images from a DSLR to an iPhone without a computer?
K800i 5.2 mm lens equivalent
Canon GP-E2 GPS error on Canon 7d
I would like to bare open my Canon D-SLR. Which tools should I buy and use in order to get the best results?
How Focal Lengths is  related to Sensor Size?
What does pixels per inch mean, exactly?
What type of camera is used to photograph marathon finishers?
What metering mode should one use with autoexposure (AE) lock on the Nikon D700?
The Lowdown on Image Quality on DSLRs
getting assignments (free or paid) or selling work - for beginners
Canon EOS 650D for a beginner?
Raw processing on MacBook with Retina display. Aperture or other?
How does color depth differ from camera to camera?
How do I find a camera's focal length in pixels?
Which impacts the speed of focusing more, the lens or the camera body?
Cannot open Photoshop RAW file in Lightroom
7D or D700 for hockey?
How to avoid dark window when shooting from inside?
Why canon Powershot A4000 IS is priced higher than Powershot SX150 IS though its inferior?
Is there a free program to (batch) change photo file's date to match EXIF?
Canon 550d viewfinder exposure information issue after firmware update
Opening Unsupported RAW Files
What's the difference between Canon EF-S and EF-M?
Bulk exporting/archiving collections in Lightroom
is it possible to get "bokeh balls" using a cellphone camera?
How to view/erase images from both CF and SD cards on Canon EOS 5D mk3?
How to tell if a Nikon DSLR is new or not?
Which of the following lenses do fit on a Nikon D 3100
Canon 450D: whats the number to the right in the viewfinder?
How to use old flash units with Digital SLR?
Canon T3i/600D - save images directly to an external hard drive
Why can't AF-S lens (with broken auto-focus) work with bodies that have build-in motor?
Comparison between acquiring the Canon EF-S 17-55mm f/2.8 IS or EF-S 24-70mm f/2.8 lenses
Which cameras have built-in HDR?
Best film and shutter speed for Mansfield Skylark
Can Nikon FX (full-frame) users use DX (APS-C) lenses?
How to post process photos like Ildiko Neer did?
What is the proper composition when shooting two persons standing by each another?
How does in-camera noise reduction compare to software one?
Sony DSC-HX200V is right choice for Beginner?
Why do most cameras only support 3 frames of auto exposure bracketing?
How to make the faces clear and bright in dim light photography?
Why are there no autofocus tilt-shift lenses? or, why do tilt-shift movements appear to be incompatible with phase-detection autofocus?
Does Nikon D7000 exhibit particular backfocusing problems?
How are lenses made?
How can I tell what equipment and lighting setup was used for a studio portrait?
Favourable characteristics of robotics research camera?
Enable Auto focus after timer on Nikon D800?
Small Aperture difference - A big difference?
The future of AutoFocus
What are these hooks for, on the Manfrotto 055XB?
How should a perfect skin tone look like?
Why are high-end compacts still shipping without GPS?
What does the face detection feature actually do?
Using flash with Aperture Priority or Shutter Priority gives me a white image - why?
Raw development in Lightroom 4.1 and Digital Photo Professional 3.9.x – bad vs. good?
Is there an adaptor/app that can connect an iPhone to a Canon DSLR as an external monitor?
Why is the 18 - 200 mm lens so expensive compared to equivalent alternatives?
Accuracy of shutter actuation count in Canon and Nikon cameras
lens math: focal length vs distance to subject?
How does shutter work when shooting videos?
Will an external flash for Pentax K-7 work for Pentax K-5?
If landscape photography is my focus, does it make sense to use Nikon over Canon?
What are the differences between Pentax weather sealings - DA★, WR, AW?
Choosing a cheap lens for an entry-level Canon D-SLR
SLR camera with inbody motor verse AF- S lens
Nikon D800 Wireless i-TTL range
Does "the same" lens, with different autofocus systems, have the same optical quality?
Cameras that can be used in the rain?
My late, blind father-in-law was a photographer in the 1960s. Where should we go to appraise/sell his work?
Nikon 50mm FX as general-purpose lens on DX?
Sigma 70 - 210 auto focus lens Compatability with Nikon DSLR
How can I find out which camera mode I used for a photo?
Why is my Nikon d3100 with 18/55 lens suddenly fuzzy?
Hugin image/layer order
Will the Canon EF 50mm f/1.4 give better auto-focus results than the 50mm f/1.8?
good free photography web hosting
Nikon S700 displays preview correctly but shoots bad: dead or repairable?
Are cropped images from a full-frame sensor equal quality to full APS-C images despite the lower resolution?
What is the relation between shutter speed and exposure compensation in aperture priority?
Why does wide angle lens adapter + large aperture make images blurry?
Making isometric images from one or more photos
How do I connect my Nikon D5100 to a Mac with the Picture Control utility?
How does content aware retouch work?
Are there any open-source 'skinnable' photography galleries?
What type of lighting would provide slightly more contrast than a softbox for product photography?
What exercises can I do with a fully automatic compact camera to help me learn?
What are the differences between the Canon extenders?
Arca Swiss compatible quick release plate with a lever
Why does setting white balance in the camera prevent me from being able to change it afterwards?
In LR smart-collections, what is the difference between 'contains', 'contains all' and 'contains the words'?
Ring flash for 430EX II and Canon Rebel 500D
What lenses could I get for EOS 60D beyond the kit? 
Olympus OM-D developing hot/dead pixels within two weeks of purchase
Is this a reflection in my photo?
Can stacking multiple exposure images in post-processing give the same effect as a long exposure?
Lens options for a 18-55 and 50 1.8 plus a canon t2i owner
Questions to ask when using a professional printing service
How to photograph a bathroom for a commercial client
How to tell Apple Aperture to store ALL files by reference?
Why is my Nikon D90 viewfinder shaking?
Photographing microfiche readers: Bright light forces camera to darken image
Are any ultra-wide angle digital point and shoot cameras made?
Is modifying an animal photo for use as an avatar icon within fair use?
Tamron 17-50 f2.8 lens vs Canon 17-40mm 4.0 lens
What's the difference between exposure and shutter speed?
Which compact camera to shoot stars, moon and hopefully planets and sun?
Does the same aperture at a shorter focal length allow for faster shutter speeds?
Nikon Speedlight: Slave mode and built-in flash/commander light
How to enable Canon AF with teleconverter?
Is it possible to export labels/ratings from ViewNX2?
Is seeking permission my responsibility on a commercial shoot for a client?
Micro four thirds lens and camera compatibility
How can I tell what kind of JOBY tripod I own?
canon 550D and the missing RAW files
What are the disadvantages of focus stacking?
LR 3: Preset adds dark vignette, but how?
Canon t1i DSLR LCD screen discoloration
Is there a quality difference between Lightroom and ImageMagick when converting RAW to JPEG?
Can anyone help identifying this lens?
How should I light and shoot a car interior?
Photoshop: how to apply same processing to multiple photos
Why don't cameras capture dynamic range as our eyes do?
Pentax-K 50mm lens, thread of 49mm or 50mm?
what does lens correction in photo software do?
How do Rodenstock polarizer filters compare to B+W, Heliopan, and Hoya HD?
How can I make my own film scanner using a DSLR camera?
Nikon Coolpix P510 - Recommended low-light settings?
Heavy colour saturation on night photos with new lens? Is this normal
Where can I find detailed camera, sensor and lens specs for cameras in smartphones?
How do I adjust white balance when the color of the gray card in my photo appears uneven?
What are some reasons to not display EXIF data when sharing photos online?
How to scan at greater than 8-bit color with Image Capture?
Using software/service to schedule photo shoots
What are the optimal JPEG settings for high-resolution Facebook photos?
How can I control exposure via a smartphone API when lighting changes?
Canon EF 24/28 mm f/2.8 IS USM Autofocus Lenses
Where to Store Large Photos to Access Them With my Website
What does GPSInfoIFDPointer 5438 mean?
Using photoshop for night exposures with very high contrast
Canon 50mm F1.8 quality
Why does my memory only sometimes show my images?
Does my Canon 24-105mm have an issue with IS?
Is it feasible to use an iPhone as a slide scanner?
How to automatically identify bracketed image sets among 100s of images?
Analysis of a macro shot with very fast shutter speed
Lightroom: Create virtual copy of image when dragging on collection
Sigma 17-70mm f/2.8-4 OS HSM over Canon EF-S 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS II
How to stitch automatically panoramas of images that lack well defined elements, sharp edges?
How to change camera model with exiftool?
Canon Zoom lenses: 18-135 STM vs 18-200 vs. 17-85
How does one starting out professionally in landscape / nature photography?
What does it mean to brighten an image?
Tilt-shift miniature effect from lens versus post-processing miniature effect
Advertising - Upsize and sharpen or sharpen and upsize?
Are there universal remote triggers for digital cameras?
Feature differences of Photobackup devices
Can I trigger my flash with an iPhone?
Are there any ways to combat "sluggish battery syndrome"?
Canon 5D Mark II, bracketed exposures with least number of steps to avoid camera shake?
Why are macros from my new DSLR no better than those from my P&S?
Reasonable file size for printing high quality photography as A3 posters?
Are there any pinhole "lenses" available from lens manufacturers?
Any reason to buy stock lens for Sony Alpha if I already have good Minolta Maxxum lenses?
What is this "rainbow" effect?
Mysteriously lost photos on Nikon D5100 after shooting and plugging into iMac
Is it necessary to fully drain Ni-MH batteries before recharging them?
Is 1mm acrylic (plexi) a good choice for photo framing glass?
Other than stock photographs, how can I have my photography fund itself?
How to capture fog movement?
Why isn't the Remaining Images Count consistent on my D7000?
How do I get good colors when taking pictures in the city at night?
Broken Canon 28 -135 mm lens
White spots on some photos
Panning Time-Lapse
Pushing film while stand developing?
How does Dell UltraSharp U2412M perform for photo editing?
Could autofocus of the Canon t4i be improved with a firmware update?
Arca Swiss compatibility questions
how to backup large amounts of photos at home?
Why are two pictures that are the same dimensions/dpi such different file sizes?
Trip to India - choosing which lens to carry
Are there problems using the depth of field test button in portrait mode with a grip on the Canon EOS 60D?
How to convert old school photo slides to a digital format?
D200 diopter setting
What's the best way to shoot aerial dancers in low light conditions?
Distortion/quality when using a full frame lens on a crop sensor camera
How do I make a reproducible effect in Paint.NET?
Has anyone bought from BestPricePhoto.com?
Canon Rebel T3i autofocus has stopped working
Canon 70-200 F4 L USM (non-IS) vs Tamron 70-300 VC
How does software raise exposure in post-processing?
Is it safe to use alcohol to clean DSLR cameras?
What is the best way to photograph oil paintings with a film camera?
What visible-blocking filter to use for XSI IR conversion?
How can I use Pentax lenses on a Lumix FZ18?
How to choose a f/1.4 lens for a DSLR?
Why is there an ISO setting when shooting raw?
How is the 1:1 in macros determined?
Tamron 18-200 lens
Any chance you could mount Leica Noctilux (f/.95) on Canon 5d body?
How would I setup a portrait of a boxer like these?
What is the color reproduction accuracy on mid-2012 non-Retina Macbook Pro-s and how applicable it is for photo editing?
Should my Nikon D3100 adjust settings to allow for use of flash in AP or SP mode
Has low-light ISO performance really improved over the past 3-4 years?
Advices for a good studio lighting photography book?
In Connecticut, do employees have rights to photographs of themselves?
Rain Cover for the Case Logic SLRC-206?
Printing large (16x20 and up) with the Olympus OM-D EM-5?
Canon 60d pc sync adapter
Should I switch to a mirrorless camera for baby/kid pictures?
How can I find images with dimension larger than width/height in Lightroom
Reliable shutter feedback - Prontor contur (PC) or hotshoe
Is the Canon EF 70-300mm f/4-5.6 IS USM suitable for wildlife photography?
Noisy images from Canon PowerShot SX150 IS
Can deleting files using Windows corrupt camera cards?
What flash slaves can be used with a Canon Speedlite 600EX-RT?
Which Canon prime and teleconverters should I bring to a safari?
Lightroom 4 - Geocoding photos using location-based keywords
How can I light someone to make him look evil or Machiavellian?
Err 80 appears when I turn on my Canon EOS 5D Mark II
What sort of adjustments should be applied to bring out the colors in this photograph of the aurora?
How can I fix a sticky polarizing filter?
How can I invert part of a photo?
Batch move photos to other folder in Lightroom 3
Why does my Canon 7D get blurry pictures with a 70-200mm f/2.8 IS (series 1)?
Why do my image colors look drastically different in Photoshop than Lightroom on two calibrated monitors?
Can I export View NX2 Custom Settings?
Bokeh in Optical View Finder
Is it normal for the Fujifilm HS25 to have high resistance to zoom?
How to avoid switching "modes" of 4-way controller on Pentax K-5?
Starting out professionally in families/kids/events photography in mostly natural setting vs studio
What lenses can I mount on Canon that will give me a different, exotic look for portrait photography?
A budget tripod for astrophotography ball-head or 3-way pan-head?
What lens and mount is this Sigma lens for Canon?
Could taking pictures of a [candle] flame damage my camera?
Where can I find viewfinder adaptions for the Fujifilm HS series?
Should the depth of field in the viewfinder be the same as the final images with the aperture set to wide open?
What to do about blown out skies
Do I need a model release to post a photo on an online portfolio?
How to choose Render Previews in Lightroom?
Can the EF lenses of a Canon EOS film camera be used on an APS-C digital EOS camera?
Why is my Canon Rebel T3i delayed 10 seconds or more before image capture?
Why do my Cybersyncs fire my Sunpak flashes with the test button, but not the shutter release?
Apple Aperture, raw files, and white balance?
Too loud shutter sound/mirror slap on Canon 1100D, is it just me?
Does long exposure mean more details in landscape photos? If not, then how to take sharp landscape photos?
Does having the AF points bunched up in the middle make a big difference?
How can my eye focus on the viewfinder image?
When do you need a model release?
Which wide-angle lens for Nikon?
Nikon - Are two lenses better than one?
How can one light something in the foreground well while metering for lightning in the background?
How can a newer camera increase ISO while decreasing pixel size?
Color issue - Previews in Bridge are way different than outputted PDF
With so many white balance tools on the market, which of them (if any) are recommended?
Very old Ricoh camera and lenses to work with newer Canon EOS camera
Learning path for better lighting and composition
Is there a tool that provides hotkeys for crop ratios when editing raw files?
Should I use "sRGB mode" on my computer screen?
How could I make the most money from a sensationalist picture?
What are the biggest pros & cons of the Canon 6D vs 5D mark II
Why does calculated distance of an object in an image vary when zooming?
How to avoid fringes?
How to shoot a person's eye?
Is there a wireless adapter for Canon 5D Mark II that will allow me to use the "EOS Remote app for iOS/Android"?
I'm trying to take a close up of a camcorder LCD
My Nikon D3100 isn't recognized by Windows 7
Why dont I see a difference in the brightness through my viewfinder when I change the aperture?
How to get shallow depth of field with canon 550d and kit lens 18-55mm
Flash bracketing on Nikon D5000
How can I downsample high-resolution shots with Lightroom?
How can I make this food photo more interesting?
Comparing 1:1 zoom on a 27" screen at 2560 x 1440 vs 22" screen at 1680 x 1050
How to take bokeh photo with nikon coolpix s6300
Help me choose: Olympus OM-D EM-5, Fujy X-Pro1, Sony Nex 7, or?
I can't buy a streak filter where I live. How do go about making myself one for my DSLR?
What type and size of polarizing is needed for a Canon Rebel T4i
Coolpix P50 - "File contains no image data" after rotation
Tripod Head for GigaPan Epic Pro
How to delete multiple files in Fujifilm Xpro-1?
Differences b/w normal lens and macro lens?
Subject alongside, at the intersection or inside lines in composition rules?
How can I fix a Nikon Coolpix L120 stuck lens error?
LR brush tool saturation
How do triangles work as a tool for composition?
Time Exposures Greater Than 30 Seconds: How
Does crop factor still apply to a vintage film SLR lens?
camera reliability
How many moving elements in a Canon A490?
How Avoid Vignetting using a variable ND filter
How can I tell if my film is over/underdeveloped?
How do I tell when the battery in a Konica Pop is running out?
How can I get a pure white background in studio photography?
Why is wrong color coming out of my Rebel T3i?
How to choose an easy-to-use camera that performs good in low-light?
Can old photos be used in a self-published memoir without permission?
Software and Website for event photography
How do I center an image on a sheet while printing in Photoshop?
Shooting a timelapse without any intervalometer?
How do I view and edit RAW photos?
In food photography (using a nifty fifty lens) how can I make my food shot more in focus and not blurry?
Why is the amount of photos that fit on one card dependent on ISO?
As a beginner, which do I need to focus on more, camera body or lens?
What monochrome color schemes have been popular?
Film advance lever does not go all the way and shutter button locked
I rewound but the film position dial is stuck at "S.." Is my camera (brand new Vivitar E3800N) broken?
How can I take portraits in the style of Shannon Lee Miller?
Using Portable mobile charger to charge my camera recommended?
Where are good photography spots in Malaysia?
Is there a tulip-flower lens hood that will work with the Nikon AF Zoom-Nikkor 35-70mm f/2.8 D?
How do I take great formal Christmas party event photos?
How to open the broken battery slot of my Canon PowerShot SX100 IS?
Canon rebel t3i settings for pageant
Why do I have to convert RAW files to JPEG to open them?
What is the best strobe kit/brand for high speed photography?
Dots per inch calculation
Calibrating the hardware LUT of the NEC PA271W...can third-party calibrators be used?
Should I buy a Fujifilm XE-1 (or Fuji X-Pro) or a full frame for professional portrait shooting?
Will a Canon GP-E2 GPS Receiver will work with a Canon T3 / EOS 1100D?
How can I change the settings in Lightroom 4 in order to be able to flag only the image I've focused on and not the all selected photos?
How to fix bad printing results on an Epson Stylus Photo RX 600?
How can I light creative portraits with one flash?
What camera do I need for equine / sport photography?
Manfrotto's QR2 system vs Arca-Swiss Release system
Hydrostatic ballhead -really worth it?
What grease to use on zoom drive gears?
Is the zoom (18-55mm) of my Nikon D3000 broken?
Lightroom white balance adjustment without a grey card
k mount lens to a 58mm thread camera
EOS Utility doesn't show exposure meter in manual mode
How do I find the absolute color of someone's eyes in a photograph?
What is the cheapest method to perform HDR?
Do I need high end body to use telephoto lens?
A photo showing the point of view of a celebrity going down from an airstair and facing a crowd of photographers
How to troubleshoot Canon Speedlites that are not firing at the same time?
Dragging image window in CS6 applies temporary saturation boost?
How to I get the Instagram "Lux" effect without using Instagram?
Batch processing/retouching scanned film with severe artifacts
How to shoot whales?
Would this Sigma 70-210mm f/4-f/5.6 be good for starting sport photography?
What's an SS contact?
How to find out perfect autofocus adjustment value?
How can I justify a new camera purchase when I'm not a top photographer?
What is the difference between canon 5D mark II and mark III?
Can I use a Fuji HS30 as a training camera before buying a real dslr camera?
Why isn't color from my Canon 550D up to my expectations?
What does the "I'm feeling lucky" function in Picasa 3 do?
Sony NEX-6: Transfering photos via wi-fi to Lightroom
Does the curves tool in Photoshop (or any software) do anti-aliasing?
Should I shoot in RAW or Fine JPEG
Which camera/lens combination achieves the highest possible image quality for macro?
Which Canon 70-200mm f/2.8 is better for wedding photography?
Is it possible to get an eye infection using a camera's viewfinder?
How do I set my Canon 600D for Long Exposure?
Are there any lenses for the Sony HX200V to make better quality photos?
Is there a c-mount to four-thirds (not micro) adapter?
What is the smallest option for a flash that can also bounce?
Canon G11 Lens problems
Why is sharpness lost in my DSLR viewfinder?
Can I repair a cracked internal flash in a Nikon D7000?
What does the term "sneaker zoom" mean?
noticeable improvment with 70-200 f4 (non is) vs kit lens (18-135 is) and 70-300 (is, non L)?
How to get "rays" in night photos?
Can someone take a picture of me, then claim copyright over the material?
What's the reason for red eye in photo?
How can I tell if a photo is real or faked?
How can I be more inconspicuous with a DSLR for Street Photography?
How to manage model information?
Defish GoPro images consistently
Filtered water soaked Leica D-Lux 4 repair?
Which filter do I need to perform NDVI measurements?
Name of contact pins of Canon mount and where to buy it?
Canon TS-E 24mm vs Hasselblad Tilt-Shift adapter
Ethics of uploading photos taken on holidays
How do I turn off macro on a Nikon D7000?
What lens should I buy?
Is there a way to turn off the focus point display on a D7000 when a manual lens is mounted?
Is a Canon SX 50 a useful camera for a DSLR-Photographer?
Nikon Wireless Remote Controller WR-R10/WR-T10 backwards compatibility
What is the 10-pin remote accessory terminal?
What is so special about ISO 1600?
What level of zoom lens comes with a new Canon EOS 1100D?
How much did the v2.0 firmware update improve the Fujifilm X-1 Pro's autofocus?
Why isn't there an adapter to make manual lenses autofocus?
What zone does lith film cutoff occur in?
If shooting RAW, is the white balance selected in camera irrelevant for exposure?
What Hot Shoe Accessories are Available for a Canon T3 / EOS 1100D?
How fast can I take pictures with a remote control on my Canon EOS 550D?
How can I give an ethereal appearance to a photo?
Losslessly batch convert many JPEGs to sRGB?
How do I prepare best for my first wedding photography event?
Grinding an RRS plate to fit new body
These photos were taken to show the different effects of light, but what's actually different?
Is Fujifilm HS25EXR a DSLR? Or is it considered to be a compact camera?
Sigma EF610 flash compared to Sony HVL-F43AM
How to set AF in night
Why would I use FEB (Flash Exposure Bracketing)?
What lens for taking photos of artwork with Nikon D800 without distortion?
What are the techniques for photography inside an aquarium?
What does "Flat Field Focus" mean?
How to prepare photography equipment for resale
What software raw converter can convert from .raf to .jpg, replicating the Fujifilm in-camera raw conversion algorithm?
What is the prop setting on studio flashes?
How do I create a vignette in Photoshop Elements 11?
Are there any quality 1.7x teleconverters for Canon EF mount?
What precautions and preparation should I take for the Salar De Uyuni during Rainy Season?
Can I do a Selective Color effect in Photoshop Elements?
Is the angle of view actually different on APS-C?
Why do we use flash in photography?
How can I use a flash indoors with a really high roof?
Why would a serious photographer buy a lens slower than f/2.8?
How can I select photos that are deleted in the working set from a backup?
How does aperture size or shutter speed affect color temperature?
Pros and Cons for using a camera strap and what better alternatives are available?
Non-Canon software not reading custom image settings off RAW images
Who owns the copyright of a picture taken of my construction work?
How to scale up a photo?
What equipment should I use for up close shots?
Which Is Better For Connecting a Sling Strap, Tripod Mount vs. Neck Strap Mount
Will my Ricoh GR1 be safe in tough weather for mountaineering photography?
Is noise related to shutter speed as well as ISO?
What P&S would rival Olympus E-PM1?
Is the SanDisk Extreme SDHC 16GB card compatble with nikon D5000?
EOS 60D manual focus/exposure selection only after half press
What are the drawbacks of an extender (wide or teleconverter)?
What gear for Sony off-camera flash sync with TTL?
What is the proper remote shutter release for Canon 5D Mark iii?
What should I look for when choosing a camera for a safari?
I dropped my P&S, can I fix the zoom by myself?
Can I replace an 1100 mAh battery with a 1500mAh one?
Is there a reason to keep both a 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G and a 16-85mm f/3.5-5.6G lens for my Nikon D5100?
Which canon camera, T3i or T3, will give my 8x10 or larger quality portraits?
Memory card is almost full, but only displaying 9 photos
How can I calculate the effect of non-TTL flash on exposure?
PC flash sync adapter for canon 550ex
Where can I get the tripod-to-camera adapter for my Nikon D90?
Can video shooting have a negative effect on a DSLR sensor?
Which free editing program has an preset 'Relief' adjustment?
Do I Need To Turn On A Drybox 24/7?
Can using an old flash damage a new DSLR if it never fired?
DSLRs with separate controls for aperture and shutter?
If a runner in a race signs a model release, can I use the photo for commercial use if I buy it on a stock site?
Prevent Lightroom from creating duplicates if the edit in photoshop is not saved?
How To Reliably Trigger Moire?
Where to get film developed and high quality scans?
rotated images appear 'squashed' on digital frame
Can the D800 built-in flash be used to trigger slave flashes only?
Tethered capture much slower with LR4.2 (64bit) compared to DPP
Online Storage Options
Was the lack of video capture on "old" DSLRs an artificial restriction?
The ideal prime lens combo in the bag for full frame
Aperture not stopping down on Tamron lens
How do I find a trustworthy online Nikon retailer in Canada?
Lens and tripod for deep space photography
How to remove timestamp text from photos?
Is the Canon 40mm safe to store when extended?
How do I avoid dust entering my camera when changing lenses?
Why are my printed photos coming out smudged and crazy looking?
Why photos taken with flash appear to have less noise?
Candid people shots
What are the traditional rules for at photo mat measurements?
Is the damage caused by a generic battery to a Lumix DMC-FZ20 likely permanent?
How can i turn off my NEX with the shutter closed?
What is the most effective way to get soft light from hotshoe flash indoors?
Will vintage camera equipment be damaged by x-ray scanners?
Which is the factor that creates noise in a photo?
Sigma 150-500 for wildlife?
What settings should i put my Nikon D3100 on to photograph the moon?
What is different between the Lensbaby Spark and Lensbaby Muse?
How do I make the focus point indicators stay long enough to select on the Canon 60D?
How would one remove yellow eyes instead of red eyes?
What flashes for use with RF602 on a 7D
Nikon Lenses: what is the difference between Micro/Macro vs non-Micro/Macro of the same focal length?
How to calculate the viewing distance giving natural perspective?
How does the Canon EF 75-300mm USM III compare to the Canon EF 70-300mm USM IS?
Why does my Nikon D300 have live view disabled with my 300mm f/4?
Need help updating firmware on EOS 7D (Windows 8 Mac 10.7)
Why does a ball-head get stiff in cold weather?
Is the Panasonic Lumix 14-42mm or 20mm pancake better for night shots?
How to read ND filter description?
Can office-store photo scanners damage old prints?
How did people showcase their photographs before the Internet?
What is the best way to prevent lens fog in humid climates, also what can I do to get rid of the fog in a hurry when it does fog up?
How can I easily replace raw files with jpeg format in Lightroom?
Can I use spectacle cleaning wipes to clean camera lenses?
Are all DSLR lenses made of glass?
Is it better to charge my camera battery before first use?
What Micro-Four Thirds prime lenses produce pleasing bokeh?
Why most Nikon-mountable prime lens don't have image stabilization?
How can I calibrate two monitors individually in Windows7?
Why does darkening skies in Photoshop cause banding, and how can I avoid it?
Why is Camera RAW changing my original raw file?
Where can I find or make a script for focus stacking using Raynox DCR 250?
Why shoot a daylight outdoor photo at high iso?
Unknown spots in camera lens Nikon
Nikon D40 and yongnuo yn-560 ii external flash. Slow shutter speed issues
Thinking about switching from a Nikon d5100 to a canon t4i
Is there a tripod calculator program or website?
What is lens filter size of Kodak Z990?
How much do I charge for the first time wedding photo shoot?
How do the stars in this photo appear without star trails even at a long shutter speed?
How can I find Nikon D600 + Nikkor AF 80-200 f2.8 D photo samples?
Should I reuse a custom white balance for the same scene but with a different lens?
Gray card angle during custom white balance calibration - does it matter?
Wedding cameras - disposable or ebay compacts + film
How can several gray card shots help with metamerism?
Servicing a Voigtlander Bessa from 1929 - how to open the lens assembly?
What licences allow commercial use but not distribution?
Soft Backgrounds
In Lightroom 4, how to apply same title and keywords to multiple photos?
What quality to choose when converting to JPG?
What type of camera, camera equipment or techniques should I use for prolonged high humidity shooting?
Film ISO and Push/Pull Processing
Best location for group photo near canals in Amsterdam
How to adjust sunrise and sunset times according to altitude?
What is the "Rule of 600" in astrophotography?
Reducing my gear list after moving from Canon APS-C to FF
D600 vs D700 for a portrait photographer
How does fading light affect color vision?
Can I edit photos in Lightroom using only previews
Nikon D3100 & Strange lines
Is there a slide/negative reader with TV output?
Is it ok to breathe on the front glass element of a lens to fog it and clean it?
Does the Canon 60Da offer significant advantage over 60D with infrared filter for astrophotography?
Editing or retaking my shot to maximize sharpness, image quality, and reduction of noise.
What is the difference between shooting with different (but similar in quality) lenses at same focal length?
Extreme Wide-angle / affordable fisheye lens for Canon T2i
Is there a compact camera that offers secure deletion of pictures?
How can I find a camera for long-term time lapse use?
Why am I getting a "Memory Full" error with plenty of space left?
Resizing large size images retaining good quality for the web
Is there any reason to prefer a T3i if a T4i has the same price?
Is it possible to obtain portraits free of charge in exchange for letting the photograper use the photos for his/her book?
Is it physically possible to build a long zoom (17-300 mm for example) at an aperture value of around 1.4 or 1.2?
How to expose film negative without an enlarger?
Is it possible to remote control via USB a Sony DSC HX-200V?
Should I prefer versatility or a longer focal length for wildlife photography?
Why does LR seem to build a preview for JPEG's as well?
Is it better to edit photos with a high pixel per inch monitor?
How to calculate the size of the image circle at infinity focus?
Low light pixel aggregation
RAWs looking massively different in Aperture/Mac OS Preview compared to camera preview and (Canon) PictureStyleEditor
Removing unwanted color from B&W image (aperture)
How can I create a self-portrait time-lapse montage?
Is a low-resolution scan of B&W negatives expected from a drugstore?
How to get blue light effect?
How do I use Google Maps GPS data in Adobe Bridge/Photoshop?
Color space on Digital Rebel XT
Will a 50mm f/1.8 work for general outdoor photography?
RGB to CMYK in Photoshop without ICC?
What causes flat-looking negatives while developing film?
I'll be doing a gallery show, any advice on how to price my photos?
What are the ideal settings to shoot Star Trails with a Nikon D90?
Which film camera would be comparable to a Yashica TL Electro?
Is Lightroom 4 quicker if I use a separate catalog per image folder?
What do I need to use a Nikon El Nikkor 50mm 2.8 enlarging lens with a Canon 5D mark II?
Sheet film development Vs Roll film development
Synchronization problems with Rekam NEO 200 and Canon 600D
Are L-plates and anti-twist plates only made for the Arca Swiss QR system?
How do I re-create the warm film-like look of the new Southern Comfort advert?
Is it possible to get a double exposure with a digital camera?
How can I reverse-engineer the RAW conversion settings used in a JPEG image?
What can I do if autofocus does not work but manual focus does?
How can I enable retina mode in Photoshop on a Macbook Pro?
Who is the Japanese photographer famous for long-exposure daylight shots of busy intersections?
Minimum Flash Card speed for OLYMPUS Tough TG-1?
What does different focal length offer me?
How to reduce file size without losing quality or resolution?
Are meteors dim?
How can a 900X500px image have ~5400 DPI?
Software to burn full-sized images and thumbnails into one package
Is the Canon XL1 lens (1999) compatible with any of the new prosumer 1080 HD Canon bodies?
Lights for a Light Tent
Sony Nex-5N:Unable to Display pictures
Advice on storing and organizing exported files alongside RAW files
Is it possible to change the Canon 550D file name prefix?
Is this the level of sharpness and detail I can expect from a Nikon D7000 and 18-105mm lens?
How can I fix a Olympus Pen Lite where the EPL5 shutter seems to be locking?
Looking for a supplier of card framed photographs
Lightroom is not showing Photo correctly
What is important when taking a professional profile picture?
Live view focus problem with Nikon D600 and 50/1.8G
EOS Rebel T3i 18-55mm lens won't take a picture - happened with two lenses
Where in my workflow should I sharpen?
Which lens serves best as the only lens on a cropped body for a beginner: the 40mm f2.8 or 50mm f1.8?
Is zero shutter count normal for a new camera?
Who takes the photos for Groupon?
Where can I find photos taken by a calibrated camera to make a 360° panorama?
Why does my Canon Rebel XT only recognize 7.8GB of my memory card?
What settings should I use with my TZ10 at ice hockey?
What is this warped effect and how to achieve it?
How sharp of an image should I expect at night?
What camera filter would I use to capture a long exposure seascape
How to operate Nikon D300 in Bulb mode with the ML-3 IR remote
Is there a personal photo sharing site that does not use user content for commercial purposes?
How do I know the lightbulb I am buying is UV-filtered?
What's the reason for this exceedingly blue reflection from buildings in this image?
What is the meaning of W and T on a camera's zoom buttons?
Why doesn't a Medium Format camera exist with good performance at high ISO?
Why are medium format cameras used primarily in good lighting conditions?
Why do we have to disable stabilization when we use a tripod?
How did Matt Grum color correct the images in "Why is the Fluorescent filter for a flash green?"?
What tripod heads are ideal to mount a large telephoto or supertelephoto lens on a tripod?
Would a MILC be better than a DSLR for lomo-like digital pictures?
Are Phottix Atlas I and Phottix Atlas II compatible?
How was this long exposure crowd shot taken?
What kind of mount does the Cowboystudio NPT-04 receiver have?
How to select multiple images for deletion on the Olympus E-M5?
How can I restore analog pictures destroyed by airport X-Rays?
In photoshop cs5 the color of my image changes when I enter full screen mode, how do I fix it?
How do repair shops fix focus shifts on bodies lacking focus microadjustment feature?
Why doesn't auto exposure work with older lenses?
Does Nikon offer something like an API for developing 3rd party hardware?
How to hold the lens cap?
Where on the web can I find pictures arranged by the season or time of year?
Can I intercept and interpret the autofocus signals sent to the lens?
What flash trigger do I need for my Nikon Speedlight?
When focusing in Live View, where is the point of focus?
How do I get back to shooting mode with the D5100?
Is it possible to get bokeh in cellphone photos?
Preview photos on iPad which is connected to DSLR with Apple Camera Connection Kit
How does the cable release work without a battery?
Are there photo equipment renting companies that I can lease my gear to?
Photo Editing/Effects
How to calculate object's height in pixels from an image?
What magnification would I get with extension tubes?
How to lock speed dials on Nikon DSLR (D600) while in manual mode
How can I get started with a first flash gun?
Cropping to a desired size in LightRoom
What are some good beginner indoor/studio lights for portraits?
What is the equivalent resolution of a 35mm film
Must I allow for crop factor in the viewfinder when shooting with a Nikon DX format camera?
How does the Canon EF-S 15-85 IS USM compare to the EF 24-105mm L as an all-around lens?
Are there any consumer digital cameras with grayscale sensors?
Does the Canon DS6041 support TTL flash?
Why can't I take pictures in the dark in the automatic mode with a Canon Rebel?
Where can I buy IR filter glass?
Will a battery bought in India work with a Canon T3i body bought in the US?
How long until a point-and-shoot becomes obsolete?
Will the 18-55 and 55-250mm kit zoom lenses cover my requirements in Europe?
What causes these green dots in my image?
Why am I limited to 1/100th of a second or slower with 5D Mark II, 600EX-RT, and ST-E3-RT?
How can I see the white balance levels of photos in playback with my Nikon DSLR?
Online gallery to compare different films?
What would be a good upgrade from my Canon kit lens for portrait photography?
How to get focal length from a camera specification which gives a value like "4.5-22.5"?
Does Lightroom apply edits in the order I do them, or does it intelligently reorder them?
Do I need a light stand mount specific for Sony shoe?
D7000 and Lightroom "Direct acquisition" how to store also on SD
How to get blurry backlights but sharp focused front face
Is there a set of common criteria for evaluation of photographs?
How common are hot pixels on new cameras?
How can I configure the number of slides in Vuescan for batch scanning?
Exporting in Photoshop to original camera resolution
Will an add-on mini macro lens for my mobile phone help get a blurry-background effect?
How to change background and maintain realistic effect?
D800 Previews Much Brighter in Camera, Very Dark When Rendered
When is application of a sepia effect or filter useful?
What's the best way to light still-life photos of leaves?
Are there reasons for using in-camera processing settings rather than adjusting in post?
What, if anything, does "RAW" stand for?
How to take pictures of reflective spherical objects?
How to tell if an impact to the camera caused any damage?
What settings should I use for taking a picture of snow in low light?
How does white-balance synchronisation work in Lightroom?
What's the best lens for shooting baby and kids with a DX Nikon?
How to take a portrait with dramatic bokeh circles when the subject is close to the lights?
How does "smile shot" work in cameras?
What's a good starter book of Cartier-Bresson photographs?
Adobe RGB to sRGB conversion, why does the color change?
Why does the ISO change with the shooting mode when the aperture and shutter speed are constant and using a flash?
What is the visual difference between Full Frame, APS-C and Micro Four Thirds pictures?
How much distance should one move so that a shot that can be framed at xx mm be framed at yy mm?
Are there any general rules to prepare a picture for print?
How can I get the bulb function to work on Olympus E-M5?
Which is more efficient when shooting weddings: interpolating sRAW or shooting in jpeg?
Is this Canon 70-200 F/2.8 IS II strap/sling attachment safe?
What is the effect where some objects are a single bright color but the rest is black and white?
Why does exposure shift occur with my OM-D EM-5?
How do I convert/re-compress select photos in Lightroom in-place?
How can I get Canon 6D's RAW format to work in OS X Lion?
How to auto-trim solar eclipse photos?
How can I view images on a PC as and when I am shooting?
Why is shutter speed usually limited to 30 seconds?
How can I use 58mm filters with the Sony Nex-7?
Why does my D70s no longer focus my Nikkor 70-300, but still focuses the 18-70?
What is the right way to format a SD Card for use in camera?
Is there an quicker method (script/plugin) to export sidecar JPEG from Lightroom?
What is the behavior of thumbnails in Lightroom?
What's better image quality; full frame with Canon 400mm 5.6L plus 1.4 extender, OR, cropped frame with same lens?
How can I crop a single layer in Photoshop?
How can I avoid dust on my eyecup rubber?
What is a kit lens?
What is the difference between the Nikon 50mm f/1.8D and Nikon 50mm f/1.8G on a D7000?
What are the advantages of metal mount vs plastic mount?
Why don't most cameras use infrared for focusing?
How can I take a photo with everything in focus with my DSLR?
Is it normal for the zoom to be loose on a Sony 18-250 lens?
What are the difficulties with making a 10mm-300mm zoom lens?
Why are some original files unavailable for export from Aperture?
What is the little metal piece attached to the aperture ring in some Zeiss lenses?
What is the small yellow/white "hemisphere" near the aperture scale on some Pentax lenses?
Rename files in Lightroom during export
RAW export in Aperture giving square "grid" pattern over noise
Magnets and DSLR's -- any problem?
What influences the shape of a lens flare?
Does the anti-glare coating on the DELL U2711 interfere with its use for photo editing and review?
What does the expression "V+F" (or "V&F") mean on a photography web site?
Question about selling (licensing) my photos (stock sites vs my own website)
Why am I getting black photos when I use the Manual feature on my DSLR?
Is there any SDK to build tethering plugins to import files into Lightroom?
What is the use of these Hoya +1 and +2 filters?
How can I find out if the polarizer filter is linear or circular?
What are these big Zeiss lenses?
Why does Lightroom import into the wrong days folder when sorting by date?
Getting the right DSLR from the very beginning
How do I make sure I keep rights to photos I take for a band?
What impact do long macro lenses have on DOF?
What can I do if my T4i becomes unresponsive while in live-view?
Can Lightroom detect corrupted images?
How can I shoot interesting landscape photos without using long exposures?
Will a Keystone KE-3800 flash unit damage a new DSLR?
High end Bridge camera or second hand DSLR?
How to price a framed photograph?
Should I leave the lens hood on my new 35mm f/1.8?
Why am I getting a different look with Huey Pro on a LED TV screen?
How to get rid of dust or hot pixels
How to shoot a image refracted through a drop of water?
How to batch process dust and scratch removal in pictures with the use of filters?
How to better protect gear on snowy / rainy weather
What lightweight telephoto lens are available for Nikon bodies?
How to improve the colour of night time sky?
Shooting images smaller than the sensor size
How to batch process images retaining them as PNG in Photoshop?
Is there a camera that processes the images captured and then transmits for printing?
What's the easiest way to create a very simple online photo slide show?
What Canon/Tamron/Sigma standard zoom lens to choose?
What are the recommended backup methods during a 2-week travel?
Lens Cleaner Recommendations
Is there any tool to easily blur a picture?
Why are lenses included in kits so bad?
Techniques and kit to photograph graphic design print portfolio (not too costly)?
Does Lightroom export white-balance temperature and tint value to JPEG metadata?
Can I get a Nikon or Canon DSLR more cheaply by buying internationally?
How often should I clean my lens?
What causes color cast in general?
What reduces blur from camera movement more: large aperture or image stabilisation?
How to safely disconnect Canon EOS camera from Mac?
How small can current SLRs get and still give comparable photo quality?
How to add keywords to lightroom from a textfile (after import)?
How to become a camera dealer for Canon/Nikon?
Why does my refurbished Nikon S3100 reject a new SD card with "this card cannot be used"?
How can I expose a waterfall scene correctly?
High-end compact camera with swivel screen and running on AA batteries
how do I Auto Focus Nikon 55-300mm f/4.5-5.6G ED VR AF-S DX Nikkor to my nikon d7000
Is there a web application that can notify you ahead of time if a certain weather forecast is predicted for a certain location?
Does the battery grip for the Canon 1000D fit on the Canon EOS T3/1100D?
Value for money Lens arsenal?
How does focus work on mobile phone cameras?
What is zoom multiplication based on?
Why do they do sketches in Court?
Practicality of using a telescope as a super telephoto lens?
What photo editing softwares support MacBook Pro's Retina display?
Is it normal for live view to freeze when focusing with a point & shoot camera?
Sigma 1:4.5 70-210 for Olympus - will this work for Canon 600D with an adaptor?
how to neutralise exposure in Manual mode
Why is there glow around lights in every photo shot with my Canon EF 28-70mm f/2.8 L USM Lens?
How to make the post-processing effect used by Hannes Cmarits in his "attracting curves III2"?
Why does my Cowboystudio NPT-04 not trigger flash with Live View on Canon T3i?
Optimal flash settings for macro photography (Nikon SB-900 + softbox)
Is it possible to mount a Flash on a Tripod?
Water-damaged Canon EOS 550 giving Err 70
Can a DSLR function in an environment with high g-forces?
What is your stance when asked to shoot a wedding for friends or family?
Is there a good quality pocket camera with wide aperture?
How can a high resolution camera matter when the output is low resolution?
Why is Canon EF 24-105 available at different prices on Amazon?
How to use correctly a Lomo Diana F+ and 35mm films?
When determining exposure, is ISO typically taken into consideration secondary to aperture and shutter speed or is it equally as important?
How do I change settings on the fly without missing my shots?
How to stop a high F number from appearing blurry?
Are there any reasons to use film cameras anymore?
Does Lightroom automatically save the date of printing events, or just the date a print is saved?
Canon 24-105 vs 70-200 within the same range
Why do digital cameras need an exposure time at all?
What is a vertorama and is it really different from a panorama?
24-105mm Lens Cleaning
Technical book about exposure
Does Canon's USA lens warranty hold in India?
Best camera case/backpack for caving?
How to translate a photograph into Slant Art on a 3 dimensional surface?
Why does EV increase as ISO increases?
Automatic autofocus on 600D/Rebel T3i during video mode
Can an "Emotional Need" for a camera be justified?
duty and custom charges on Lens shipping to different country
Do full frame sensors gather more light than crop sensors?
Adjusting photoshop interface size
How can I "focus peak" a photograph?
What combination of R, G, B lasers will give "White" with a given °K temperature?
Is it possible the Nikon 1 J1 can outperform the Sony NEX F3 in low light conditions?
Can it damage a Canon L Series Lens (or a photographic lens with anti-glare lenses) if a powerful (Class IIIB or IV) laser is passed through it?
Is the Nikon 300mm f/4 a good lens for Nikon D7000 for shooting sports & wildlife?
What are the techniques for taking portraits using a tilt shift lens?
Is it possible to predict when morning fog will occur?
How can I create a map with GPS data from EXIF?
Is it better to take Black and White photos during daylight hours or evening?
Are there any photo uploading services that are tailored to a shared family account?
How can I repair a faded picture developed from old film left in a camera?
Is it possible to calculate focal length of a picture taken with a zoom lens if you know the aperture?
Websites to buy/DIY photo studio equipment?
Should a Nikon 18-55 lens zoom automatically?
How do I get washed out look like Tien Nguyen?
Why are images taken in manual mode on my Nikon D7000 coming out black?
How to properly deal with lens distortion in Sony NEX RAW files?
Windows Gallery Tag in Explorer
How do I make a package look "heroic and important" in a advertising shoot?
How to calculate distance from a subject to get the same field of view with different lenses?
What's the brightness depth of IPhone 5 camera in bits?
How can I edit photos on an Android tablet without needing to copy them to the device?
Is f/4 sufficient for a telephoto lens for outdoor daytime travel photography?
Automatic vs Manual Focus
Where is Canon 1100D autofocussing in low light low contrast conditions?
What is this pattern artifact in a Hasselblad H4D picture?
What can I do to maximize dynamic range while shooting?
What license should I be using when selling to reproduction companies?
Is there a screen alternative for a DSLR predating Live-View for photo review in the field?
What benefit does Hasselblad have vs high-end Canon / Nikon?
What product image catalog system do companies with thousands of products like Target or Macys use?
How do I capture streets and amusement parks at night with a Nikon D40?
How to change Shutter Speed and Aperture on Canon T2i?
How should I set up my studio to take sharp portraits without shadows with two white umbrellas and one silver umbrella?
What is a good place for people who recently decided to get serious in photography to get started learning?
How to get rid of dustmites on the camera and accessories?
What external flash trigger voltage is safe for the Sony NEX?
Why does the D3100 mirror flip in live view?
How do I remove halos around a replaced sky in a black and white photo?
How can I manage a Lightroom catalogue across 2 systems without networking?
What's the best approach when taking a picture of an item that's going to have the background cropped off?
What's the expected misfire rate with studio strobes?
Compensating for poor air quality?
Why 5-50x focal length for autofocus micro-adjustment?
What is the benefit of a dedicated wide angle zoom vs a superzoom?
Advice on packaging and sending photo prints
Emphasise reflections
Why do I have a purple tint on black lines on white backround?
I want to make a macro photo of an ant. What equipment should I have?
Optimal DSLR settings for an Indoor car show?
How do I select a tripod ball head?
I'm a Designer and Programmer who wants to create some software for photographers
What color calibration device works best with a Dell U2711?
Should an artist/photographer admit to a photo being edited?
Photo Management software which stores Profile / Bio Info
What is the difference between a "slave flash" and "master flash"?
Why are photos on my Nikon D3200 brighter on the LCD screen than on my computer?
What are the reasons for using a tripod during broad daylight?
How does Sigma APO Macro 180mm F2.8 EX DG OS HSM compare to Canon 180mm f/3.5L and Canon 100mm f/2.8?
How does Yongnuo RF-603c compare with Cactus V5 wireless trigger?
How to disable infrared focus assist beam on my YN568ex
Can I cut up a 15x20cm Novoflex Graycard without ruining its properties?
How can I adjust for any inaccuracy in a homemade white card?
Using gray/white card to determine white balance, does it matter where I stand when I take reading photo?
How do I manually wind up film without exposing it?
Can an M42 mount be used to attach an A-mount Sony camera to a NexStar telescope?
Is the size of the rear opening of a lens related to image quality?
Which tripod should I get for macro photography?
How do I choose an extension tube for macro photography?
How should I categorise my photos in Lightroom?
Why is my 7D so loud?
Will a short focal length cut it for indoor event photography? (Context: It's Crowded, Dark, Has Mixed Lighting, and Requires Walking Around.)
How to write (manually added) GPS coordinates to originals in Aperture?
How do I preview the look of my frame before taking the shot, on the LCD of my D5100 after altering the settings?
How does the eye-controlled focussing of the Canon EOS 5 work?
What can I edit in postprocess and what not
Why won't my D3100 take flash pictures even when focused?
Which one wide-medium canon lens is best for an indoor/outdoor wedding?
Most Common Aspect Ratio?
How to show Sony NEX F3 image quality is better than Nikon 1 J1?
When to use exposure lock with spot metering and when to use exposure compensation?
What makes a photograph "fine art"?
How/where do 'local' newspapers get their images?
How to start learning photo editing? What are the first few photo editing websites/books someone should read?
What type of photography sells well to business?
Will a Nikon 1 NIKKOR wide-angle lens work with my Nikon D3000?
How do lens lineups vary across Mirrorless camera systems?
Why are the rings on my Sigma 28-80mm lens stuck?
Is my Canon speedlite really dead?
How to set up Three Point Lighting without (much) real equipment?
Industrial scale automated photoscanner?
Self Hosted Non Flash eCommerce Software
What does it mean to excite aliases?
Upload photos from camera into social networks instantly?
Why do cameras use a single exposure rather than integrating across many very quick reads?
How do I fix a dog's wrong colored eyes in flash photos?
Is it worth submitting photography/artwork to online galleries?
What is the "AF Stop" button on some Canon lenses?
Do unframed prints sell better than framed?
What's the difference between vignetting and pinhole?
What resolution should be used for images that are to be used in focus stacking?
Would auto white balance benefit from use of a color card?
Why is depth of field minimised at the max focal length of a zoom lens?
How does Christy Lee Rogers take these photographs?
How does Akif Hakan Celebi manipulate his images?
How does the depth of field with 50mm f/1.4 compare to 85mm f/1.8 with the same framing?
Does the Canon 7D have noise reduction, and does it matter?
What lens do I need to do super-close-up macro shots?
What does an expensive flash unit buy over a cheap one?
Is Canon MP-E 65mm f/2.8 1-5X macro lens good for photos other than close-up macro shots?
How do I find the right backpack for my full frame DSLR plus lenses?
In Lightroom, how do I search for photos which match only a certain keyword?
How do I take pictures of a baby in a very, very dark room?
Camera and lens to take travelling by bicycle that will produce pro-quality images?
How do I plan a successful set of travel photographs?
What is the noise my Canon 100mm macro makes when image stabilization is enabled?
Why do the Nikkor non-AI 135mm vs 50mm f/1.8 work differently when I look directly through the lens?
Canon 1Ds Mk II's scratched Low Pass filter. Now what?
Waterfall exposure time with Nikon d5100
How useful is the Tamron 28-75mm f/2.8 for indoor baby photos?
When experimenting just isn't enough?
How do I limit depth of field with a kit lens?
How can I do multiple exposures with my Sony A100?
Photoshop CS6 "Unsharpens" After Applying Sharpen
How does dragging the shutter work?
Why doesn't noise depend on exposure time?
If I swallowed my SD Card would it be readable when it emerged?
Do any DSLRs offer in-camera file encryption?
How do I get started with off camera flash in the Canon ecosystem?
Why does my computer show an image shot in RAW + JPEG as two JPEGs instead of one RAW and one JPEG?
Can a drop of a camera+lens cause AF calibration issues on either -- or both -- the lens and the body? What are the mechanics involved here?
Is flickr dying?
What to do when my camera says "lens error"?
Software for gigapixel photo stitching
Printing photos to a specific size
Can I use a Nikon S Mount adapter for a Contax RF Mount lens?
How can I find and hire an intern for website-specific photography?
Tethered shooting with Sony a57 - impossible?
How to fix a dropped Nikon D5100 - black screen, will not take pictures?
Are there lenses that zoom out rather than in?
What laptop specs are important for intensive image editing work?
Nikon segmentation strategy for D4 vs D600?
Canon 60D Menu button starts recording video?
Is there a difference between using a telephoto or wide-angle lens for portraits?
How linear are DSLR sensors?
How can a speedbooster improve the light performance of a lens?
Can custom (or any) function override aperture on a Canon 7D?
What information is contained in "filename.jpg.out.pp3" file?
Which portrait lens should I buy next for my Nikon D3100?
Are there any combined continuous/flash lights available?
How can I use mirror lockup with wireless remote on a Canon T4i?
Is it necessary to have a macro ring flash to take macro photos?
Content-Aware option not showing on photoshop cs3
How can I take better pictures in theatre fog?
How to achieve a "moody" effect in urban landscapes?
Why does a higher ISO hinder higher video bitrates in Magic Lantern?
Can I control if the in-body AF motor is used instead of the lens AF motor on my Nikon?
What's the difference between a closed and open aperture diaphragm for night street photos?
How can I best photograph a logo on a floor tile for reconstruction of the original image?
How is color represented in RAW formats?
What pros and cons of 6D vs 60D vs 650D?
Why are tripod legs and heads sold separately? Why no 1-piece tripods?
Are there any tripods specially designed for sub-zero temperatures?
What is the "pop" sound a flash makes when a modifier is held close
Best way to create fog outdoors?
How to predict when the moon will appear large?
Why aren't photos from my Tokina 11-16mm f/2.8 as sharp as I expect?
How do I get a really black background?
Crowdsourcing sites for scouting photography locations
If you could only take two lenses on a trip, no budget, what would you take?
Why does higher aperture (less light) make an image sharper?
How can I increase color saturation naturally?
How does the eye perform the equivalent of white balance?
How do I judge correct White Balance?
How Autofocus with Single Focus Point works after Re composing
How do I approach bricks and mortar galleries to sell my photography?
Do these colored streaks mean that my CF card is bad?
As a documentary photographer, do you pay people you photograph?
Is it safe to use a telephoto lens when the camera is on a tripod?
Do I need a better Camera or do I need to learn how to use the one I have?
Stationary, short range stills camera that is computer controlled
How loose can the lens mount be?
How can I avoid a blue sheen on red objects?
Can I use a photo of an iphone to sell my product?
How to create Lightroom 4 import customization using filename and path?
If I use an iPad mini to back up RAW captures, how many files can I store?
Clipped bokeh circles at max aperture with wide aperture, short focal length lenses
How to avoid unflattering facial distortion when using a slightly wide angle lens?
Would you use an online RAW image processing application?
Is lens focal length specified considering the effect of barrel distortion on field of view?
Which mirrorless system should I pick for M-mount lenses (Leica / Zeiss ZM)
How can I accomplish this aged photo effect in Photoshop?
Does JPEG-to-JPEG export Lightroom reapply compression?
Disadvantages of electronic viewfinders such as the ones used in Sony SLT cameras?
How to picture thunder when storm is coming
Are there any digital cameras that show the partial picture mid-exposure?
How do objects in the dark come up when post processing?
Is there a people/face recognition filter for Lightroom?
How do I activate wireless flash control with a Canon 60D?
How to take photos of light rays
How to care for neck strap?
Can I use a Cosina AF 28-300mm f/4-6.3 with a Nikon D5100 if I focus manually?
Why did Canon come up with APS-H and why did the top-of-the-line 1D's *still* use it and 1.3x crop, when FF existed for four years (the 5D)?
How do I compare a continuous light panel's brightness vs. flash through a softbox?
Is it safe to manually-focus the Nikon 18-105 while in autofocus mode?
Why isn't it safe to use EF-S lenses on fullframe?
Are there written guides or rules of thumb for setting color saturation, clarity, vibrance, etc. in post-processing (or in general)?
How to photograph books on location?
Can I use a Nikon 50mm f/2 pre-AI on my Nikon D5100?
Does crop factor increase the minimum focus distance?
What algorithm can be used for deflickering timelapse shots?
What are the constructional differences between a macro and a regular lens?
Why won't an online service print 16x20 from an 8 megapixel cell phone photo?
How can I reduce blur with a point and shoot camera, without flash?
How to scale down images in Lightroom while maintaining quality?
I want to upgrade my Canon Rebel T2i. Any recommendations?
Which Lightroom 4.3 import presets will best replicate Nikon's Vivid Picture control setting?
How do I choose a point and shoot camera under $400?
Why doesn't my camera capture a dark picture when it looks dark to the human eye?
How to clean an actual CMOS sensor? (Not the IR low pass filter)
What configuration would limit my DSLR's shutter speed to 1/200?
Are Raynox magnifiers compatible with Canon macro lenses?
How do you determine the acceptable Circle of Confusion for a particular photo?
What can be considered a valid photographer's portfolio reference?
Photo backup solutions in the cloud
How to shoot stars much bigger without trails?
How can photographers support non-profit charity organizations?
How does the Neewer brand wireless external shutter release for Nikon D5100 work?
Is it worth bringing a flash for a backpacking trip?
Still-life reconstruction considered plagiarism?
How difficult is it to correct mustache-style distortion?
What's a good web system for sharing photos amongst co-workers?
What is the difference in making adjustments to a RAW file in Adobe CameraRaw and Adobe Photoshop
Steps towards becoming an amazing creative model photographer?
Would a demosaic algorithm for black and white be useful?
How do I sort digital photos and scans together in Lightroom 4?
What does ISO stand for?
What is term for the opposite of "Dragging the Shutter"?
Best option for scanning a large volume of slides
Why is a physical anti-aliasing filter still needed on modern DSLRs?
Should both eyes be focused in a portrait?
Nikon DSLR and optical Zooming
slr 100mm to 300mm vs 10x 20x
Digital strip camera options?
Recommended wildlife photography lenses for Nikon DX bodies with no AF motor
How do I create this soft bright look?
Does a specific f number across all lenses denote same amount of light?
Diana F+ 35mm back: can't engage winder to knob reliably
Does leaving the Canon 7D sharpness setting at zero make images worse or better?
Canon extension tubes - how much extension can be used?
Does anyone make a flash diffuser for the Canon Macro Twin?
How do I explain that post-processing is an important step in producing good photos?
Can information like a signature, secret key or password be encoded in a photo?
Can Lightroom 4 user export presets automatically increment sequence number across different exports?
Does quality of light vary in different studio strobes and speedlites?
Why do my photos show blocky gradients, even in RAW?
Force picture in continuous autofocus mode - Canon Rebel T3
Can you recommend a good budget prime lens for family photos (Canon mount)
Understanding what "low-light" situations means to photographers
Lights for Illuminating Large areas?
Organizing and moving photos from one device to another [Lightroom 4 and Apple devices]
What to buy for macro and portraits? (D5100)
What is this soft curved brushstroke-like effect?
Multiple flashes with different trigger voltages
How to avoid overexposing image using RGB histogram when shooting RAW and using different Picture Controls?
Is there somewhere I can download sample images to use for practicing HDR techniques?
How do people shoot very large moon views?
What's a powerful waterproof flash?
How to bulk convert Lossless DNGs to Lossy DNG outside Lightroom?
Lense compatibility
How do moving objects disappear when exposed for longer duration?
How to get nice light streaks, or optical flares, in a photo
Which is a good lightweight tripod + ball head for my Canon 5D Mark 3
Why is the 430EX more expensive than the 430EX II?
Is there a fundamental difference between emitted light and reflected light?
How do you shoot lighting designs in a studio?
What uses more ink, glossy or semi-gloss (lustre) paper?
Why do mirrorless cameras have quicker autofocus than SLRs using live view?
How to control a Canon 600D from a computer?
Should clothing be photographed hanging or on the floor? And how should I set up my lighting?
Issue with unscrewing tripod head
Lightroom to export list of path-filenames of selected images for external processing
Why are my tone mapped images turning purple?
How can I import Pentax lens information into Lightroom?
What is the difference between EF-S 18-55mm and EF-S 18-135mm?
Compact vs Mirrorless - why pick one over another?
Can ISO vary on different cameras?
Why is my ISO so high in auto mode?
How does a camera without hardware autofocus focus?
Considerations for a Digital to Film workflow?
Where can I buy packaging without buying bulk?
How does one use a white balance card (gray card) to set a custom white balance?
How to attach Zeikos extension tube to D5100?
What's the term for wide angle lenses with no distortion?
Action for processing a RAW file with smart object
What lens focal length most closely resembles the perspective of the human eye?
Should I use "Super Fine" or "Fine Quality" setting on Samsung S1050 camera?
Wedding photography business website software
Best Descriptive book for a Canon 7D?
What is the "Image Unique ID" EXIF field?
How much does heat degrade old movies and slides?
Will a shutter half-press perform an autofocus while shooting video on an EOS 650D?
What's the fastest way to get thousands of photos from camera resized and uploaded to web?
How to export to a pre-named folder in Lightroom
How should I clean my focusing screen?
What's the best way to correct white balance in post?
Blend colors evenly (dissolve-like) in Photoshop
What special equipment is needed to photograph the sun?
Does the use of Canon's DPP Software have any advantages over using Aperture 3 straight away for Raw Processing?
Camera selects different shutter speed on AV Priority vs Auto
Why are my results with a variable neutral density filter poor?
What could cause severe under-exposure when using a Canon 5D Mark III with Speedlite 600EX-RT with Evaluative E-TTL2 metering?
Privacy and commercial use of photos
Can't connect Canon 6D to my computer via USB cable
Identify the rain cover
What's the best way to get thumbnail portrait shots for a company intranet?
Question About the D600 Dirty Sensor Test - Why Use a High f-Stop?
How to duplicate layers from one document to another document in Photoshop CS6?
Have you found "From Portfolio to Profit Engine" helpful?
Converting F-Spot photo collection metadata to Corel Aftershot Pro?
What causes white blank images when shooting with a Canon PowerShot A4050?
Is there an adapter for a Sigma SA mount lens to fit a Canon EF mount?
What is the useful range of apertures for lenses?
How to make SONY NEX F3 pictures display the date it was taken at the bottom right corner?
Which is better for an amateur: Nikon D3100 or D5100?
Why are white-lighted areas on my Nikon D5100's LCD blinking continuously?
Does lens focus affect the appearance of sensor dust?
Pistol grip vs ball head
If I have a recent, mid-range DSLR, then why, if ever, would I need to buy another / better focusing screen?
Fire speedlite 580ex with on camera flash (without transmitter)
RAW processing programs for Canon 6D
Which of these lenses allows a greater amount of light through at f/1.4: Canon 35mm f/1.4 or Sigma 35mm f/1.4?
Is there a camera which can superimpose a subject onto a predefined background?
What factor determines the largest usable sensor size with a certain lens?
Extension tube images come out of focus
fill missing part of recovered-repaired jpg image with same image thumbnail
AC charger with battery to work on-the-go?
Why does getting closer or zooming in decrease depth of field?
How should I repair a color print that ended up in the garbage by accident?
How to take a photo of a animal behind a glass and in a very dark room with a bit of orange light?
How do I take a photo of a animals in a shaded glass boxes behind a glass panel?
Reverse Ring Attachment
How can I record long videos on my EOS 7D?
What differentiates a Canon standard zoom from an ultra-wide angle zoom?
How to proceed with a Nikon DSLR show "press shutter release button again" after a drop?
How can photos printed on foamcore be prevented from warping?
Save portrait orientation into file in Nikon D5100
Why is a low base (minimum) ISO desirable in stills cameras?
Vibration control for Sony NEX-3 exposures
Is there a way to charge a battery while still in the camera?
What are the advantages of shooting in burst (continuous) mode?
Can I charge my camera while it is taking a video?
Where can I buy a filter for UV photography in Europe? (sub 400 nm)
Do I need Photoshop installed to use Lightroom?
Looking through viewfinder I see subject in small circle instead of large rectangle
What image quality is lost when re-saving a JPEG image in MS Paint?
Lightroom: Print Module or Develop/Export for online printing in specific aspect ratios?
How much more would a DSLR cost with no time limit on video recording?
Segmenting an image in Photoshop Elements 11
How do I deactivate the pop-up flash on the Nikon D7000 when using a hotshoe flash?
What is the upgrade path for Nikon D300 with better low light sensitivity?
What are the uses of Neutral Density (ND) filters?
Nikon Lens format for D5100
What is the throat diameter of the Argus SLR Bayonet Mount?
Why are colors more saturated on a wide gamut screen?
Does shooting at lower MP result in less image noise?
Are there any online printing & framing "shopping cart" services based in Canada?
Which is the better lens: Canon 28-105 or 28-135?
What is bracketing?
How do I get a "Film" look with a digital camera?
How do I get the best results when photographing a christening?
Nikon 5100- problems downloading onto computer- photos turning grey
Processing photos with Lightroom 4 and Nik Software
What is the basic gear for astrophotography?
How do I get started in post-processing with Gimp?
What are the practical uses of low speed continuous drive (shooting) mode?
Why choose Digital Medium Format over high end DSLR?
How to capture globe-shaped photograph?
Aperture priority mode in high speed lens while photographing more than one person
What housing should I get for the Canon 5D MkII?
What kind of oil should I use to maintain my light stands?
Is a wide gamut screen really worth it?
Mirrorless camera: setting the diaphragm
Are there specific use-cases in mind that make the 70-200 F2.8 worth its weight/size/price?
Why can't Apple Aperture 3 upload raw files from my Canon 7D?
Suggestions for night photography with city lights?
How to do HDR with long exposure photos?
What workflow order makes sense with Lightroom 4 and Nik Software?
How does a circular polarizer affect the "stars" from strong lights at night?
What is your workflow for "don't care" photos?
Are neutral density filters or polarizers better for a desert environment? Or another filter?
What's the best way to shoot Black and White images on a 600D / Rebel T3i
Gamma loaders on Windows 7/8: necessary or not?
Product Photography without a Light Tent?
is it normal to get significant lens flare with a 50mm f/1.8 prime lens?
What Nikon camera should be used in the high mountains
Nikon D3200 18-105mm VR Lense and macro photography
Why does my Panasonic GF2 have terrible battery life?
What happened to multi-focal lenses?
A good library-less photo manager for Mac?
Can you explain how this KATA strap connector works?
How do the Samyang and Nikon 85mm portrait lenses compare?
Can I post photos of people online (US)?
How do I know a camera is able to take a RAW image?
How can I measure luminance values from different cameras?
How can I repair a kit lens with a stuck auto/manual focus mode switch?
Optimal JPGs resolution out of a Point & Shoot camera for storage size and quality?
Is it possible to re-focus (recover) an intentionally blurred image?
What (presumably mid-range) phone cameras compete with $100 Point & Shoot cameras?
What is difference between autofocus and built-in autofoucs motor?
What do I need to make a photo in French Noir?
What do I need to make a photo in Silver Age Poetry style?
What is the difference between an SLR and a DSLR?
Does street photography including children introduce any specific concern?
Colour Management
Is the MacBook Pro display well calibrated?
How long will the bulb last in the flash of a compact or DSLR?
Is it better to shoot with a higher ISO, or use lower ISO and raise the exposure in post-processing?
What lens should I purchase for newborn photography with the Canon T4i?
Rule of thirds -- is there any scientific proof behind it?
Canon 75-300mm f4-5.6 USM or 55-250mm f4-5.6 IS lens?
What's the optimal size/quality for downsized photos for archival storage?
How to handle existing gear if you start your own business from financial site?
What operating systems run on today's DSLRs?
Recommendations to avoid color fringing
What kind of AF-motor does a Nikon D7000 body have?
What is a good DSLR camera for a beginner, with intention to take occasional videos?
What is the difference between a lambda print (RA-4) and a color inkjet print?
Should I use EC when all details are captured?
How to clean the focusing screen?
Is it possible to map temperature values to RGB values in a near-infrared image?
People to follow if I am interested in wide-angle photography
What equipment do I need to film downwards over a table?
Tamron 70 - 300mm not operating in A-Dep mode
What is the right way to photograph in the gym?
Other cheap DSLR models vs Canon 1100D?
Is there a digital camera that is able to save people bounding boxes?
Does increased resolution compensate for diffraction?
Is there a difference between the black and silver Nikon 50mm f/1.8 E series lenses?
Why isn't expanded ISO settings (L / ISO50) enabled on Canon DSLR's by default?
Why does DSLR technology seem so primitive?
Why are there some colours missing in Lightroom Split Toning selection tool?
How to get back to photography after having a long break?
Can I get longer than 15 second exposure with my canon SX 50?
How effective is automatic fixing of RAW files?
Why is sharpening not recommended in RAW processing?
How can I achieve something similar to "Google Business Photos"
Does an aperture value exist, where a lens creates a brighter image than the real view?
How does the gray level in a target impact the true color after calibration
Cheapest DSLR with vari-angle LCD live-view screen?
Canon DSLR Lens Correction
My camera lens won't stay attached
Which one to buy Nikon D5200 or D7000?
Why does using Canon's Digital Lens Optimizer double the size of a RAW file?
Which flash modes use the least power?
How long can an AF Assist LED last?
What technique can I use for shooting pet birds in cages?
What light equipment for reprography?
Why is my far away background in focus even with a low aperture number?
Video on Canon 50D?
How can I retrieve internal memory photos on D3100?
Why my "action" shots are blurry even shooting on AF-C, is this a lens or camera limitation?
How to care for digital camera batteries to prolong its life?
Is smooth and nice bokeh only a function of the lens?
Can Focus Stacking produce the same effect as Tilt-Shift?
best camera between nikon 3200 and canon 600D for product photography and landscape photography?
Good workflow to review and delete photos with Darktable?
Why does my Nikon D3100 not fire the shutter in autofocus mode?
How can I align two panoramic images?
What DLSR should I buy?
How can I find standard rates for promo use of press photography?
How can I work out how far away I need to be from the set to get it all in frame?
How can I get better results when manually focusing with my Nikon D7000?
Is it worth buying a 5D Mark I or an EOS 1Ds II today?
How do smartphone cameras focus?
Effects used on Abhranil Das's "Mountains on the Horizon" picture of the week?
Does photograph copyright ownership belong to the person who "just" pressed the shutter-button?
Canon a2300 resolution problem
Change all Image folders in Lightroom 4.3 at once
Why not have the diaphragm in camera body instead of the lens?
How to shoot circus acts with a point-and-shoot?
What are the advantages of installing Magic Lantern
Do the issues with sharpness I am seeing require AF fine-tuning?
Are there downsides to using a high shutter speed when it's not required?
Reducing noise in very high ISO photos
Does the time required to stop down the aperture affect the shutter response time?
Aperture 3 - Open first aid options for external library
Photoshop action to reduce size and save in separate folder?
Why does the entire image turn white after setting the white point in Aperture 3?
Cheat sheet for Nik Software?
Editing RAW files with LR, Photoshop and Nik Software
Why does the IR-Assist beam of Canon Speedlites not get used in AI Servo AF mode?
Should I use a GoPro as a small camera for taking pictures in and outside?
What to do when Canon PowerShot A470 shows fully charged batteries as empty?
How can I set up lighting effectively if I have major space constraints?
Where can I buy stock photographs to use on my non-profit website
Copyright Was Released to All Images: Does this include all RAW photos?
Windows 7 photo gallery corrupts my images
Waterproof Alternatives to Pelican Cases?
Having issue with importing photos from camera to computer
What post-processing basic concepts (independent of tool) should a novice learn for landscape photography
Camera Bag Recommendation: is the Case Logic SLRC-205 suitable for all my gear?
Where is the AF sensor located in a DSLR?
Any entry level DSLR going to be released in 2013 by Canon
Why does time lapse not work on a Nikon D800?
Why is the main sensor not used instead of the separate AF sensor to focus a DSLR?
How can i create multiple triggers for one camera?
How do I develop black and white film myself?
Program to remove thin strip from inner part of image
Not able to use faster shutter speed 1/4000 or faster
Suggestions for Lens for my D5100
What features does a camera need to be used for good quality stop-motion animation?
How useful is in-lens image stabilisation at long zoom lengths on micro 4/3?
Can I trigger a Nikon SB-600 off-camera with any other flash on the hotshoe?
What's the magnification of a full frame macro lens on a MFT camera?
Any ideas what would cause a Canon Pixma Pro-1 printer to produce a significantly substandard print in comparison to the Pro-10 or Pro-100?
How to mount a torch to camera?
Why only recently are digital cameras being sold without low-pass filters?
How to clear edges from a lasso cropped object in Photoshop CS6?
How to save the auto rotate photo in Canon DPP
How do graduated ND filters actually work?
What prime lens for taking portraits of my child with a Canon APS-C DSLR?
How can I keep the shutter open until I release with the Panasonic GH3 remote?
When is it realistic to take a non-flash picture of someone outside after sunset?
Keep Canon Rebel T2i and buy Sigma 30mm 1.4f OR Buy Nikon D7100 + Nikkor 35mm 1.8f?
How do I guide my model in a portrait session?
What are the metal items on top of an older Nikon lens?
How do photographers manage multiple lenses?
Why are these lights all different colours and how can I correct them?
What are the biases in daytime and nighttime landscape mode?
Which filter should I use on a bright day
Guide number and exposure
Can we shoot normal pictures using a macro lens?
Why is my DSLR taking pictures with the top darkened?
What are general rules for ISO settings when using a flash?
Is a chattering noise normal with the Fuji X-E1 and 35mm F/1.4 lens?
AEB on the Canon Rebel T2i
Canon 50mm f/1.2 focus shift not seen yet
Can I expect good quality from a 2X TC on a Nikon 55-300mm lens?
Pearstone EN-EL15 Battery Quality
Why are images with my Nikon D7000 and 70-200mm lens soft?
Are there for-fee private photo editing services?
What lens should I bring for photographing the Himalayas?
How can I compare MTF50 to a manufacturer's MTF chart?
Image quality when using the same lens on 16Mpix vs 24Mpix
How bad is the EVF/LCD lag on the Sony A37?
At what shutter speed threshold does a tripod start to matter?
Will keeping the lens on-camera help protect from dust and fungus?
Why isn't the gain on phase-detect autofocus sensors increased in low light?
What is the shutter speed, aperture, and focal length of the Kodak Funsaver disposable camera?
Where are these photos taken
duplicate people with overlayed photos
Can average and gaussian blur be caused by optics?
What happens when you turn the objective
What does "workflow" mean?
Remote shutter release mystery
Which lens is better: Canon 70-300mm 4-5.6 or 50-200mm?
Faded & Vintage Film Presets for Photoshop Elements 11
Is a real background preferable to an artificial one?
Card cannot be accessed. Reinsert/change the card or format card with camera
At what focal range does it make sense to have Image Stabilization turned on when using a Tripod?
Is this type of photo manipulation still violating copyright law?
What are the (dis)advantages of the Canon 600EX-RT compared to the 430EX and 580EX?
How do you correct the yellow tint of a vintage photo and restore the original colors?
Is using live view for accurate manual focusing really better?
which brand ecosystem is more open for hacking?
Why do some polarizers transmit more light then others?
Is there a point and shoot that offers "on-camera" creative photography features as in cellphone apps?
Why does my Lightroom library now show two photos with the same file number?
What does IQ mean?
Why is my Canon EOS 40D getting wrong exposure after focusing screen change?
Is under/over exposing using shutter speed or aperture the same as using exposure compensation?
Which lens should I buy?
online printers
How to shoot with the Brenizer method with an active, moving background, i.e. on the streets
Why is this aerial picture of an airplane in flight not blurry?
What is the optimal "default" aperture value in AV mode?
Why is high speed (ISO) film more expensive than low speed film?
What characteristics make a digital sensor good?
How can I capture images from two cameras simultaneously, directly to my Mac?
How do I update a Lightroom Catalog? (not just the meta data)
Why did my northern lights pictures turn out totally black?
How to get this abstract blurry effect on my picture?
Should Canon 5D mk II autofocus be accurate enough for a f/1.2 lens?
Will a Nikkor AF-S 70-300mm f/4.5-5.6 G IF-ED VR lens work on my Sony A900?
What Nikon cameras is a Sigma AF-k lens compatible with?
How to set the starting number for filenames on a SD card with a Sony camera?
How can I convert Nikon D5100 .NEF files to .JPG?
How can I change colour of reflection/shadows to blue, to match the water?
How can chromatic aberration be corrected within Photoshop?
Why doesn't the Nikon D90 use ISO lower than 200 in very bright areas?
How does Depth of Field change when changing distance to account for cropped sensor?
Emulating Film Black and White in Digital: From Pictures to Print
Best Unsharp Mask settings after resizing photos for imagemagick
Nikon D600: how to fix hundreds of photos with dust on them?
Why do Canon 7D RAW files come up colorless in Canon DPP?
What are some good photography books available to read on Kindle?
Is there any difference between using a full manual lens for Nikon F-mount or using lens for another mount (say m42) with an F-mount adapter?
What can you accomplish portrait-wise with a small softbox?
What to do about persistent dust spots on my DSLR?
Does Canon make an L series lens with a plastic lens mount?
How can I fire a single canon 430ex flash remotely from a Canon 6D camera?
Resolution and frame size for TV RAW processing
When is a 180° split focusing screen better than a 45° one?
need recommendation for Canon full frame camera
What are techniques for enhancing visibility of photos under natural, outdoor daylight?
When and why should I consider buying a speedlight/external flash?
photo using no flash
Why no aperture control with Nikon 55mm f/2.8 AI-s on Nikon D3200
Photography: the technical side
What is shutter latency in a Phase One medium format camera?
What are the functions of the extra contact points on a Canon hotshoe?
Blue / Green Water Filters and Shooting RAW While SCUBA Diving
Should I buy a Canon 55-250mm lens or 70-300mm for my Rebel T3i?
What do orange AF points mean on a Canon DSLR?
What are the advantages of leaving an ND filter on a lens at all times?
Where should I position two cameras in order to compose a single stitched image?
How to tell if a roll of film has been exposed?
Is it better to print from jpg or tiff on A2 paper?
Is a small amount of play on the Fujifilm X-E1 mount normal?
Can great photographs be taken with not-so-good equipment?
What the best telephoto zoom lens for everyday use with a Canon 7d with a $2500 budget?
Does the Fujifilm X-E1 work with Ubuntu?
Possible corrupted files won't open in PS or LR - need to fix them
Is a Pentax K1000 relevant today, and how can I get the best use of it?
Zoom ring clicks after dropping my Canon 18-55mm IS II kit lens; what to do?
Will LEDs work with a point & shoot camera for light booth digital photography?
How do you replace a tripod leveling ball's tension bar?
What features should I be looking for a budget (under $300) camera for real estate?
What is the value and age of this pre-1967 Ricoh 35 mm camera?
Can I attach a Kiron Lens to my Canon Rebel T1i?
What Camera setting/how to take photos of diamond rings using Kenko Extension Tubes?
How to do Low Key Photography with Sony A57 Camera?
Are modern telephoto zooms so improved that they're not a big tradeoff vs primes?
What to do when my pop-up flash doesn't work after being obstructed once?
Is there a way to replicate Nikon D3100 live view on my laptop screen?
How do I find the right motion blur/depth of field trade off in sports photography?
Filming in a steam room?
What does it mean for a telecentric lens to be focused to infinity?
What is Colour Rendering Index (CRI)?
How to adjust RAW photos from underwater?
70-200mm lens: Canon or Sigma? f/2.8 or f/4?
Does lens metadata from crop-sensor cameras factor in the crop?
Sigma 8-16 vs Canon 10-22
How to clean contacts on my canon 1100d DSLR?
How to get a full-screen preview of a cropped area in RawTherapee?
What is "Dragging the Shutter"?
What are the criteria for being a "professional photographer"?
Why don't professional cameras have a preview for shutter speed in live view?
Does Canon PowerShot G15 have manual F-number adjustment
Is it worth to buy Canon 650D with 18-55 IS?
How do I properly understand what f-stop is?
Best settings for a daytime timelapse
How do you get good contrast with Canon Matte Photo Paper?
How do I best use a pop-up flash for indoor birthday parties?
What is the purpose of the film leader on 35mm film?
Can I use macro extension tubes with a non-manual lens?
How to loosen a Canon 75-300 lens (zoom ring is quite stiff to turn)
How does Darktable compare to Adobe Lightroom for editing JPEGs?
Does reciprocity failure (Schwarzschild effect) exist in digital photography?
How to select part of image with white color using magic wand tool in Photoshop?
How do I achieve these moon lit dark skin tones?
How can I use a histogram to expose correctly when the scene is very dark?
What exactly does TTL flash sets its power to?
How do I capture the milky way?
Does it make sense to upgrade from a Nikon D7000 to D700?
How do I best photograph house and office plants?
How does an anti-alias filter affect image quality other than reducing Moire?
How can I achieve this soft-curved effect in photoshop?
What to do when manual focus doesn't work on a Nikon DX lens after DIY repair?
What is the point of Aperture priority and Shutter priority since they are just the inverse of each other?
Should I invest in E Mount lenses?
Must-have lenses for DSLM/MILC camera?
How do you meter for the effects of a TTL flash
Why isn't my camera's internal light meter adjusting for my external flash?
SmugMug pixelation in dark parts of jpg from lightroom
How to automatically sync photos from the Eye-fi import software to iPhoto on a Mac?
How do I take outdoor macro photography with the Canon twin lens kit?
strong colour photo compositions
How do I chosing the right LCD screen and UV protector for my Nikon D5100?
What is more important, f-stop or IS
Architectural photography: Upgrade path from a 1000D?
How to clean 35mm negative film?
Relationship between camera sensor size and lens focal length
Does Photoshop Elements Organizer touch RAW files in any way?
What is the effect of the number of cross-type focus points on sharp focus?
What is the best Canon Telephoto Zoom Lens for $600-650?
How do you make Lightroom 4 create virtual copies in same collection as master?
Problem with Wacom Intuos 4 tablet with Nik collection
Lightroom Tethering and EOS Utility: How to get LR to accept sub-folders in auto-import?
Can a Macbook Pro Retina display be properly calibrated?
Where do non-standard shutter speeds come from?
Why does Rawstudio display individual RAW color levels as 8-bit values?
How to measure the image quality of a DSLR camera
How to avoid shadows under the eyes when using bounce flash?
Good resource to learn taking professional pictures
Can Phottix Odin flash trigger work in tandem with Nikons CLS?
How does the Tamron AF 28-75mm f2.8 compare to Canon EF-S 15-85mm f/3.5-5.6 IS USM?
What color of light is best for retaining night vision while night shooting?
When would I use rear curtain instead of front curtain sync?
How does high speed sync mode work?
Help me understand image stabilization lens vs built in camera sensor
How is the exposure of this histogram?
Depth of field clarification
Does contrast affect dynamic range?
What does it mean when an RGB histogram and luminance histogram look similar?
How to photograph a room showing both room & view out a window?
Nikon D5100 intermittent focusing problem
What software can I use to show the position and arc use for an image on a map?
What adapter to mount a screw thread lens on Nikon D90?
Online hosting and printing service, preferably UK-based?
Where can I find good post-processing examples with original RAW files?
Having difficulty lighting various reflective product packaging- use dulling spray?
Do all telephoto zoom lenses backfocus on the wide angle end?
How do I resolve shutter release button problems with a Nikon D5000?
I just saw my children in a photograph on the wall of a chain restaurant. What rights do I have to protect their image?
Are 2 megapixels enough for HD resolution pictures?
Should I buy a Canon 70-300mm f/4-5.6 IS or 70-200 f/4 L USM (without IS) for a wildlife safari?
Why does my flash have lower power in automatic than in manual?
What is the relationship between film speed and shutter speed?
Are there any 'panoramic' digital cameras?
Does micro 4/3 have an advantage in low light due to aperture equivilence?
Is there a feasible workaround for Leica M Monochrom DNG files with Apple aperture?
Need help saving pics on Nikon D3200
Is there a popular/canonical lens system out today?
What do the effects of different coloured lens filters have on B&W photos?
Which DSLR is better for an entry-level photographer (2013)?
Software application(s) for organizing a large number of old pictures
Best order of doing things when editing scanned photos in Photoshop?
Is this photo taken using HDR or software processing?
What are battery replacement options for the Olympus OM-1?
Best options to store photos
Are older macro lenses soft at long focus distances?
re-transferring images to a computer
Are you supposed to turn off the LCD screen when using the optical viewfinder to shoot pictures?
Why did "pure" photography displace pictoralism so completely?
How can I take the best pictures at a nightclub with my compact camera?
How can I create light trails without a blurry subject?
How best to manage multiple virtual copies of an image in Lightroom?
How do I synchronize local Picasa with an online folder?
Why does text in a photograph become blurry when I downscale the image?
Is there a way to make a photo look good for the web but not for small prints?
How to add EXIF Lens data in Lightroom for unknown lens?
What time of day provides the best Natural lighting for Macro Photography?
Why is my Metz 58 AF-2 using long shutter values when my Canon 60D is in Av mode?
How can I fix an out-of-focus blurred photo in Photoshop?
Incorporating haze into landscapes
Choosing between Lenses Canon 70-200 f2.8L IS II vs Canon EF 70-300mm f/4-5.6L IS USM
Do all types of paper of the same weight have the same thickness?
What's the difference between using RAW or JPG with After Effects?
Best way to move photos to another drive (Lightroom)?
Blurry pictures when zooming in
How do TTL flash metering systems calculate how much power is needed?
how to make this but for pictures instead of videos?
Moving subject picture
What was the price of a brand-new Praktica Super TL 1000?
When lens pricing is too good to be true...avoid?
Do lenses lose sharpness when they age?
Do I use the camera or lens switch to change between auto and manual focus?
Capturing an actual portrait and the philosophy behind portrait photography
Canon Lens EF 50mm 1:1.8 II or EFS 18-55mm IS II for EOS 650D
How can I make an AC adaptor for a Fujifilm S2980?
How can lenses with different focal lengths have the same angle of view?
How much post processing advantage is gained when scanning 35mm negatives as TIFF rather than JPG?
What's the difference between real and effective aperture?
Image stabilization versus aperture
Is GPU or CPU more important for Photoshop and Lightroom?
Why don't most cameras store filenames based on date and time?
Where can I get a frame for a 4x18" panoramic print?
Image stabilization versus ISO speed
How to record the viewfinder while shooting?
Should higher ISOs really be preferred (all other things being equal)?
Is it possible to extract the IPTC information of many scans programmatically?
Is there any way past the 999 photo limit on the Nikon D700's intervalometer?
Is Poisson Noise ("Shot Noise") a significant source of noise for typical photography?
How does lens design affect the richness of color reproduction?
How can I take portraits which seem to capture the essence of a subject I've just met?
How to fix lens "stuck" on Nikon D3100?
Missing focus with Canon 50mm 1.8 lens - is it the lens or me?
Is there an easy way to change between camera straps?
Can someone give a simple explanation of ISO?
How is it possible to have shallow depth of field with a small aperture? (The tele-macro paradox.)
How can I get very vivid colors in night cityscape pictures?
Fast-loading image viewer (without double-buffering) to replace ACDSee?
What are the copyright factors involved in sending digital copies of photos to clients?
Do paid online photography classes have advantages over free online tutorials for a beginner?
What is the process involved in acquiring permission to photograph within a mall?
What are the basics of Photography?
If I mount a (heavy) cine lens on a DSLR, does it need additional support?
How does the 3rd-party Pixel Battery grip for 5D Mark III compare to Canon's?
Most effective lossless compression for sending RAW (CR2) images over the internet from OS X
Saving as PDF with JPG compression vs saving it as JPG
Where lays the border between correcting photo and creating a new one using PC?
Is it possible to shoot tethered with Aperture using a Canon 5D mark i?
What is the minimum cost "automatic" flash that I can sensibly use with a Nikon D700
Should I use Active D-Lighting when shooting Raw?
Canon EOS 650D + Canon 50mm f/1.8 lens calibration
How were these portrait photos edited to get this look?
What camera settings esp. shutter speeds to use while driving?
How much of a good fashion or surreal photo is post-production?
Should I be worried that my Canon 1dx gave an Err01 on my Zeiss 21mm 2.8 lens for ONE exposure and after that it was fine?
Misfunction of Canon EF 50mm f/1.8 on manual focus?
How to darken the background and have the subjects in color?
Best dpi for printing a 48x18 inch at 200%?
D7000 Kit (18-55mm) or D7000 Kit (18-105)? or should I get a separate lens?
Capturing the Milky Way: what did I do wrong?
Why isn't the focus indicator light showing when focused on my Canon 5D Mark III?
How to prevent Lightroom's preview folder from growing large?
What are the most important features to look for in a low budget hotshoe flash and why?
How can I reset the aspect ratio in Lightroom 4?
Is "Active D-Lighting, NR" a necessary evil?
How to remember to change settings when I pick up my camera?
Background screen for portrait photography?
Small, faint circle in corner of image. What is it?
How can I blow out the background when shooting down for clothing on the ground?
Organize messy collection of raw files
What settings affect how the focus points are displayed for my 7D?
Neutral Density Filter for a 58mm filter diameter
Reorganizing After Import In Lightroom
How to focus on object and blur the background?
In Lightroom, how can I automatically apply profile corrections on import?
Why do focusing aids darken when not looked at directly?
What to do when all the display elements are stuck on on my Canon XT LCD and viewfinder displays?
Shooting a rotating product image - turntable?
Will my SB-600 work off camera with any camera?
How do I fix a Nikon D5000 pop-up flash which won't stay down?
How do I process photos on a Mac so they look right on Windows computers?
How do I troubleshoot the "Error, press shutter release button again" message on my Nikon?
Does the Canon M have actual, significant deficiencies vs. the competition?
How to remove external flash stuck on camera body?
How to troubleshoot a Nikon D5100 that will not autofocus at all?
Contrast (or dynamic range) enhancement for very bright images
How to retouch to correct lights from an amateur photo shoot?
Canon DSLR USB Chargers?
What options to have better grip of my camera?
Is conversion to 16 bit needed for good PP results when working on JPEG images?
Is "Ultrapixels" just marketing or is there a real benefit?
How do I take a photo of people before a bright window?
What can I do when autofocus suddenly starts blocking at around 2m on a Nikkor AF-S 28-70mm 1:2.8 D?
What post processing should be done to my photographs of the aurora borealis to improve colours and impact?
Are Manfrotto tripod bases for video compatible with the photo line of heads?
How can I set up studio lighting when I'm constrained by low ceilings?
Tele-zoom lens choices for Nikon 1 J1?
Is there any reasons a slim compact camera can't have a fast lens?
Is focus hunting "normal behavior" for the Sony SEL18200SE?
What DSLR to buy? Budget $800-1k
Good Camera for High-Quality General Photography?
Are there any comparison photos of different lenses (with the same camera and scene)?
How do i set up lighting to photograph a bunch of shoes for a website?
What does it mean that a lens is x millimeters?
How might the flash mode affect the exposure program on a point and shoot film camera? (Agfa Optima Sensor Flash)
Photoshop expand folder keyboard shortcut
What could cause a totally broken focus mechanism?
Can we do a refractograph with a lens on?
How does the "E" version of Pentax's D-LI90 battery differ from the original?
What method can I use to create an indoor panorama?
Is there a way to automatically make the histogram of an image match another image?
Why are large aperture lenses so expensive?
Does using multiple batteries (via grip) improve AF speed?
What causes blurred/non-sharp images taken of stable objects?
What is the best way to photograph a marathon?
How do I preserve commas when exporting metadata from Lightroom to csv?
What is the color of "white" that is displayed on a Camera screen or LED monitor?
What can cause black corners in an image?
When focusing at max zoom, focus is lost after zooming out. Is that normal?
Why are so many kit-lenses parfocal if it's an expensive feature?
What is the Shading Comp. setting on my camera, and how do I use it?
What are the proper settings for taking low light action pictures using Nikon D5100?
How are circular haloes around light sources created?
How can I quickly tell without testing if my lens is parfocal or varifocal?
Where should I store the metadata for personal images?
Non-OEM Canon batteries for 5DMIII
How close can a Nikon 1 J1 with 30-110mm lens "zoom in" to a shot?
What is the focal length on your typical cell phone camera?
Can Pentax K mount lenses be used on a 645 Reflex via an adapter?
How to troubleshoot dark band obscuring upper third of live view screen and pictures taken on Nikon D5100?
How to correct exposure locally with Apple Aperture?
Why can my old Epson dye printer produce accurate reds but my professional lab can't?
SD cards - I keep receiving a message saying there's a problem with my SD card, but it's brand new!
How do I get proper exposure when photographing white subjects?
Is Lightroom Auto Tone very dodgy?
Is there any software or phone camera app that can give advice about composition?
Is there any different process of sharpening in different genres of photography or not?
Will a Sigma 35mm f/1.4 cropped to DX mode give adequate results vs full-frame Nikon 50mm f/1.4?
Is there a quiet, affordable Nikon F mount camera (for timelapse)?
Stitch first and edit later or vice versa?
Can Canon Rebel T4I take black and white photos with color accents?
Why does the LCD show only black in Live View in manual mode on T3i, until I half-press the shutter?
Why can't I get a decent white background with product photography?
What purposes does a photographer follow to take documentary street photos by an ultra wide lens?
How can I shoot in a studio at the widest apertures?
Water spots inside brand new lens? Normal or reason to return?
How can I glue photos back to back to a card, then laminate?
Are images taken with newer DSLRs sharper than those taken with old ones?
Why would someone want a 58mm-58mm filter ring?
How can I get to 400mm+ for wildlife photography on a budget of around £1000 with a Canon DSLR?
How can I find a compact camera with an ultra-wide lens?
Is there a trick to separate an old photo moisture-fused to glass?
Marble/Stones online photo stock?
An intro to "conceptual" fine-art photography?
Recommended Accessories for a Canon T2i
Which adapted manual lens mounts do not collide with the mirror on Canon 5D/6D bodies?
How to globally fix missing files in Adobe Lightroom?
ND filter vs stopping down for long exposures?
When I point my D5100 at a plain wall, why does it keep trying to focus instead of taking a picture?
What is it called when a series of photos taken over a few days is made into a video clip?
Can the ring which attaches the Nikon D700 strap to the camera be replaced?
Will a Tamron 70-300mm f/4-5.6 lens fit a Nikon 1 J1 camera?
Is it possible to have exposure decrease programmatically when batch processing in Adobe Camera Raw?
How can I undo an intentional Gaussian blur when I don't have the originals?
For MTF, why does 10 represent contrast while 30 represent resolution?
Can I trigger my own device from a Canon DSLR hotshoe?
How to reduce size of a jpeg image in Photoshop?
Canon 600D image captured with date and time display?
Why are Zeiss lenses heavier and larger for Canon EF than Nikon F mounts?
Subject out of center — what is correct term?
Why is resolution more important for landscape photography?
Does Rear Sync really help background exposures in darker rooms?
What can a very short shutter speed do for me?
What camera feature to look for to capture moving subjects clearly?
What difference do longer exposures such as 30s and 8s make to a photograph?
Is there something that is the opposite of a teleconverter?
How do welder's glass shades translate to stops when used as an ND filter?
When to use which of Fujifilm X Camera's Film Simulation options?
Does reducing Lightroom export file size reduce image quality?
What color temperture produces warmer tones?
Foveon x3 sensor
Is there any downside to using a knock-off lens hood?
What do you take on a hike as a landscape photographer?
What is "correct" exposure?
How can I find a camera with remote viewfinder and shutter (via phone or tablet)?
How can I recreate this glowing light effect?
Do the DSLRKIT PT-08XT triggers work with a Vivitar 283 flash and a Sony NEX 6?
What is a "small" aperture?
Whats the approximate aperture of a pinhole camera?
For blogging about nail art: Should I buy a superzoom bridge camera or a DSLR?
Does Microsoft ICE correct barrel distortion?
How to recreate Instagram Lux effect in Photoshop
Why I can only enable HDR in my Nikon P501's backlighting mode?
How to create custom Google Streetview panorama?
What is the added value of a panorama head?
Differences between DSLR and DSLT?
How to create a photo mosaic?
Smart collection with Previous Import
How to build your own External Power Supply for Canon Powershot G7?
Can I save the JPEG preview image that's generated in-camera when I shoot in RAW-only mode?
Why does my Canon 5DmkIII shoot more than once in single shooting mode?
Do extension tubes work well with the AFS VR micro nikkor 105mm f/2.8G?
How can I capture vivid color and detail in relatively dark, indoor cafe?
How do I set up my D7000 for auto-bracketed exposures with one shutter press?
Is there an app which crops photos as fast as Photo Mechanic, but which uses Lightroom style rotation?
upgrading from kit lens
NEF File Error: Could not complete your request because it is not the right kind of document
Deep Sky Photography with telescope without Tracking
How should I optimize photos for a web portfolio?
How does one do light painting with in focus subject? Maybe a composite?
How does automatic sensor cleaning work?
How do I choose between a Canon 1100D or 700D when I'm overwhelmed by info?
Will it be a significant drawback to use a Nikkor af 70-300mm f/4-5.6G on an Nikon body without an AF motor?
Anyone suggests Zeiss 100mm f2 macro planar?
How was contrast increased back in the film days?
Can Photoshop apply duotone through adjustment layers?
Why do Nikon cameras use lowercase "O"s instead of zeroes?
Is there free software to automatically search for photographs that can be stitched together to form a panorama?
Why is aperture built into the lens and not the camera?
How did film photographers deal with issues around dynamic range?
Good beginner camera for sports
What is the device made from lots of cameras shown in this picture?
How was this image where a person appears to lift a paved road created?
What is the best order to set exposure parameters (ISO, aperture, shutter)?
Why is on sensor PDAF drastically slower than traditional PDAF?
Will there be a need for cameras at all once we have 4k video?
Why prefer the 18-55mm and 55-250mm lenses vs 18-200mm?
Does this RGB-patterned reflector have benefits for digital photography?
Signal:noise ratio not really decreasing with ISO for Pentax
How do I apply my copyright information from XMP automatically with DigiKam?
Why does harsh light give darker shadows?
Would it be better to use a 35mm prime instead of a 50mm prime on a cropped sensor body?
Good HDR programme wanted
Why aren't lenses designed with extra large apertures for autofocus beyond what's used for imaging?
How do I change the saturation settings on my Pixma Pro 100?
If I want soft focus, should I get the Canon 135mm soft focus lens or do it in Photoshop?
Do developed negatives lose quality over time?
European/UK sources for quality book weight duo coated inkjet paper?
How is the F stop number derived?
Set RAW as standard on reset Nikon D700
Using a battery grip as a back up battery
RAW photo preview
Does the human eye see moiré?
How to recover raw files from formatted SD card?
How can I check for damage to my lens from impact with a window?
How to choose a screen protector?
What's the difference between Canon's silent and non-silent shooting?
What is the most effective Photoshop technique to remove people from photos?
Why aren't DSLR silent shooting modes enabled by default?
Best camera backpack with these criteria?
Nikon Lens Warranty explanation
What makes sound in a DSLR camera?
Why does the red area in this photo look very un-natural?
Is there a reason for raw over jpeg if you have your lighting figured out?
How was the Blade Runner replicant eye reflection effect done?
Why is the Canon Digital Rebel XT so loud?
Have cropped digital sensors reached their peak design limits?
Is the 7d truly the successor to the 50d?
How thorough is the weather sealing on the Canon 50d?
Why are CF cards so much more expensive than SD cards?
Is there any reason to place polarizer filter before ND graduated one?
Why do Full Frame lenses and crop body lenses exhibit the same crop factor when used on a crop body camera?
Does a flash's TTL automatically adjust as I change its location?
Is there a glossary of camera metadata terms?
Are there issues with using Cokin/Lee style filter systems with compact cameras?
Is it normal to have tiny black dust spots in the viewfinder of a DSLR?
What is the difference between the Canon Rebel T4i and T5i?
How do manufacturers come up with focal lengths for lenses?
How does contrast detection autofocus choose its targets?
multiple pictures give different shades for same scene and lighting
What are the pros and cons of using a watermark?
What questions should I ask when looking to hire a photographer?
How can I distinguish a Canon IIS2 from a Canon IID2?
How to protect camera and lenses against "color bombs"?
What is the Canon 50d made from?
What do you call the technique for removing uninteresting parts of photo by combining two images?
Can I convert raw files to TIFFs via the command line using Apple's converting engine?
Long Exposures of Fireworks. How was this done?
Use the Nikon D800 to make short YouTube videos & still shots of an owner-build or am I better getting separate video and DSLR cameras at same price?
Can someone give me an. Example of when you would want to stop down? I do this manually? I just purchased a Canon 3Ti with a Canon 18-200 lens
How can you take long exposure shots with the Sony HX 20V?
Parameters to be considered while buying DSLR
Circular Polarization and Passive autofocus
What is the best way to preseve old equipment without fungus and moisture?
What metadata editor is capable of overwriting originals?
Can't see exposure indicator in viewfinder on Nikon D7000
How do you remove the Canon 300mm f/2.8L IS II USM Tripod Collar?
Canon 16-35 f/2.8L II zoom ring noise
Which tracking motor to use for low-end wide-angle astrophotography?
How do I remove the blur in my jewelry picture?
Recommended driverless GPS loggers?
Can anyone tell me what camera/lens is in this picture of a Nikon F with 50mm lens?
How do you choose among different 70-300mm lens for Nikon DSLRs?
What level of water/dust protection will a silicone case provide?
Memory card: 1x32Gb or 2x16Gb?
How to simulate different focal length and sensor size on an image?
Can a grey card be used in place of a flash meter?
Blending several images together
How to batch edit a collection of raw files in Darktable?
Licensing for wedding photos, to protect photographer, but allow freedom to clients?
What settings are ignored while shooting RAW
How can I export 16 bit tiffs with Mac OSX' imageing engine sips?
How to achieve Japanese-painting like effect with Gimp?
DPI in photos vs DPI in Printers/Scanners
How to tell if a photo is not developed on a photographic paper?
How do I speed up Apple Aperture?
What is the difference between microcontrast and sharpness?
How to deal with large exposure shifts during time lapse?
Do you still need an ultra wide angle if you can now stitch images?
Do I risk damaging my camera if I use an aftermarket AC adapter?
Just upgraded to a newer version of Photoshop, how do I get Lightroom to recognize it?
Is there any difference in the glass between Zeiss cine and photo lenses?
Why is my Nikon D3200 display not changing in manual mode?
Starting with photography and seeking help for day-to-day lens
What is the minimum shutter speed for handheld?
Optimal settings to capture firework at night using Nikon D3200 with 18mm - 105mm Zoom Lens?
Is it the lens or is it the camera producing a black blob on every photo?
What is Power Focus on a Canon lens?
What must I buy to take amazing product photos?
Why does a bigger sensor have better dynamic range?
How do I choose a lens that does portraits, star photography and landscapes?
How to take a picture with subject in focus but with a circular light-trace effect around it?
How do you achieve sharp bokeh circles?
What are the effects/filters being used in these pictures?
What might be causing my AF system to misfocus?
How to fix a zoom lens that is sticky at a particular focal length?
Is there camera technology that detects if an object is still?
Standard zoom lens recommendation
Is there a way to use Canon 18-200 EF-s lens on Canon 6D full frame body?
What is the best way to get good quality digital pictures from negatives?
How to take a bulb mode shot of a road in day light?
Do crop sensors on SLRs changes the depth and flatness of the objects as well? (in comparison to same focal length on full frame sensors)
Does the diameter of openings on photographic lighting grids affect brightness?
What lens is better?
How do I 'break' a film camera in order to get double exposures?
What are the pros and cons of Canon 5D III / 6D HDR Mode Vs HDR using a computer + HDR software?
What is the "crop factor?"
Calibrating monitor (CRT) to match third vendor printer
How do I achieve deep blue light night during the day effect?
How do I choose among the following lens of 55-250 IS, 70-300 IS and VS 75-300?
What does infinity focus mean and when should I use it?
How do I shoot in tethered mode using own software to control the camera?
Do the differences in DIGIC engine affect RAW files in EOS 600d and EOS 650D?
Where can I find a place to sell my digital photography without creating my own website?
What are the optimal settings for scanning photos?
Will cleaning up the reflect mirror under strong sunlight damage the sensor?
How can a fast-moving satellite take clear pictures of space objects?
Why are there no digital cameras with ultra-bright integrated lenses, like f1.0, f1.2 or even f1.4?
Why are tulip lens hoods more expensive than cup lens hoods?
Why does Aperture tag my photos with the wrong address?
What is the best option for fitting an ND filter to an 82mm lens?
Understanding Auto focus capability with examples
Why is my camera so forgiving for overblown exposure when shooting in RAW?
What should I pay attention to when buying a second hand flash?
How to learn to predict which lens to use between a 14-42mm and 40-150mm?
How do you predict the weather for great photo opportunities?
How to get this "Resident Evil" photo effect
Why does the Lightroom Adjustment Brush introduce noise?
Any recommendations on Ultra Wide Angle Zoom lens (at least 12mm) for Canon Full Frame models that also can mount filters?
Why would I use a rear gelatin filter over a front filter?
How to shoot extreme macro shot of an image formed on a water droplet?
What is the market share between Canon and Nikon in the US?
Recommendations an for entry level studio monolight?
Where does the strange purple/blue glow around the headlight wearing subject's front come from?
Does high reflectiveness of digital sensor lead to poor lens performance?
Does Earth's latitude affect the color of light?
How do I choose between 24-70 f/4 and 24-105 f/4 Canon lens?
Develop Canon Raw images on Mac OSX via command line into mutliple tiffs for pseudo-HDR
How to shoot tethered using CHDK incompatible Canon Powershot S410?
How to modify Lightroom 4 presets?
How to turn off the timer sound on my Nikon D3100?
How to shoot an event in a long living room with a large french window on the shorter side?
How many "MegaPixels" can the human eye see?
How is zoom measured?
Lens won't focus except in video mode, and makes a funny noise: what's wrong?
How large an exposure difference before it's noticable?
Searching for simple, user friendly software for browsing photos on touch screen monitor
What is the recommended pratice for publishing a photo subject's name in a caption, from public event, with or without release?
What Equipment Is Required For Split-Underwater Photography?
Is vector photography possible?
Can I set my camera to add my name to each picture?
How to get a vintage/dreamy look?
How Does Focus Differ Above and Below Water?
How does focal length change perspective?
At which lux level do the Nikon 1 cameras switch from PDAF to contrast-detection?
How do I take photographs of scientific laser products?
Looking for books written from perspective of a magazine photoeditor or art director
How was this image with red seats on a black and white background created?
Black background post processing tips?
What is the better Nikon primes among 50mm/1.8G, 50mm/1.8D and 35mm/1.8G for my D3200?
Overexposed images when using ring flash
Why do RAW files only show you 8 bit of the 14bit recorded?
How to fix stuck aperture?
How much versatility does a 85 mm lens have?
What do I need to trigger 2 external flash units from a D5100?
What does "Unique Id" in Picasa map to in EXIF?
Disadvantages of electronic first curtain shutter?
How does the image quality compare between these lenses?
Why do some photographers cover up the brand-name on their camera?
If I look down at the viewfinder of my 5D III, I can see a part of the reflected image under the main view finder screen, is it normal?
How can I correct a yellow tint in prints which formerly were properly colored?
Illumination question
Why don't the zoom buttons work on my DSLR?
Brightness of LED panel
Lighting tutorial techniques
Command-line approach to develop RAW images with Adobe XMP sidecars
What is the best way to photograph an object when the background has to be replaced in post?
How can I modify a webcam to use an SLR lens?
Why is there no apparent relation between focal length and physical lens size?
How to I edit a photo to have a old vintage look?
What are the pros/cons between straps and monopods?
How do I get my EOS M to release the shutter with an adapted manual lens?
Why do people tend write "RAW" instead of "raw"?
How do you know if the shutter button is misfunctioning?
What is the best way to edit out foreground objects?
Is it normal for autofocus to struggle when using a variable ND Filter?
Think Tank Urban Disguise vs Gura Gear Chobe
How can I make fog whiter and more attractive?
Will the Nikkor 55-300mm/f4.5-5.6 lens work with Nikon D5200?
What to do with 2nd hand sale of a lens showing oil/moisture coming out of the focus ring?
Would a Nikon D70 with 70-300 lens be adequate for photos of my kids' sporting events?
What is a good lens for a Canon 5d for birds/wild life with a budget of 1500 dollars
How do I take portrait photo with flash and good ambient light as background?
5D Mark III or 6D
How to share a raw file including LR development settings
How does light quality vary between fluorescent (CFL) and incandescent?
How to correctly focus on the background person in a shot?
Apple Aperture profile name (sRGB IEC61966-2.1 vs Camera RGB Profile)
How to learn to shoot with the "other" eye?
ND filters set Recommendation for Lee/Cokin Z-Pro Holder
Aperture value appears as '- -' in Olympus E410
How can I defocus part of an image in-camera separate from depth of field effects?
Which exif tag to use to add filter data?
What happens if I develop a color film as black and white?
What to look out for in indoor restaurant photography?
What is lomography?
Are there any lenses have smaller apertures than f/32?
Can wobbly lens parts significantly affect lens performance?
What is an efficient workflow for picking photos from a large set?
Does TTL by definition overexpose your subject?
Is it possible to combine compact camera portability with professional SLR quality?
How to view side-car JPGs on lightroom? How to easily manage RAW+JPEG image reviews?
How could I achieve stock quality sharpness?
Lens cleaning pen - disappointed by results, is this working right?
What happens to a lens when you turn the focus ring during AF mode?
Does security scanning a camera with battery inside cause damage to the sensor?
If image I change an image from 72dpi to 300dpi, can I scale it up size without losing quality?
How do I get more in focus when aperture is already quite small?
When should I turn off image stabilization?
Is there a remote shutter wi-fi app for the canon 6D for time lapse photography?
Is this sound normal for a Nikkor 55-200 VR?
What's the difference between Canon EOS battery packs?
Can I remove the tiny amount of wiggle in the focus ring of my brand new lens?
Could I do glass plate photography myself domestically?
Books for an introduction to professional photography
Best way to produce photo books out of Lightroom?
Canon 70-200mm F4 L USM IS Focus Issues Photo All Soft?
Why do some people say to use 0.007 mm (approximate pixel size) for the CoC on a Canon 5DM2?
Will old K-mount lenses have the same field of view on Pentax K01?
What's the relation between sensors measured in inches and milimeters?
What are the files *.DSC, *.CFG and *.XMP and their purposes?
Why do photos look blurry in Aperture but sharp in Mac OS X Finder?
For digital sensors and in terms of imaging medium, is the minimum CoC equal to the size of 1 sensor pixel or 2? And why?
Why will my shutter not work with a bayonet mount lens and pop-up flash being used?
Can I activate VR using the AF-on button instead of a shutter half-press on my Nikon DSLR?
What is the white balance of film?
How to emulate the in-camera processing in Lightroom?
Black Bar on Images Above 1/2000 Canon XSi
How much to zoom while shooting a single row panorama image?
Why doesn't photo editing software have RGB parade or vectorscope-style color correction?
What is the infinity lens by Jim Frazier?
How to relocate masters in aperture from boot drive to external drive?
Is it better to attach a close-up adapter lens to a Canon 50mm/1.8 or Tamron 18-270mm?
Why do lenses have different diameters?
Does Dfine 2 have multiple file processing limitations in LightRoom?
Software to find sharpest image in sequence?
What is a "color film copy transparency"?
Creating timelapse on linux
Why do many mirrorless cameras use the four thirds format?
Setting custom picture control in Nikon D3100 DSLR?
Comparing PowerShot SX160 and EOS 1100-D
Is it still necessary to stop a lens down on an APS-C camera?
Canon EOS Rebel T3I DSLR vs. Canon EOS 60D DSLR
Where can I get Olympus C-8080 Replacement Parts?
Weird color when dark area is brightened up?
Is it possible to photograph me without reflections on my glasses?
How can I track a lost DSLR?
Will a filter cause more or less damage when lens is dropped?
What to charge for a large Family portrait?
Why do many museums prohibit photographing a painting?
What is Auto Aperture Mode on Nikon Speedlight?
How to do a time lapse for a dying flower?
Does Apple Aperture provide features to support a RAW+JPEG workflow?
What could be the best 'normal' prime lens for Nikon D7100?
In which situtations are cross-type autofocus points better?
Small Studio/Objects Containing White : Getting A Pure White Background
How do I get the entire landscape in focus?
I keep getting asked to do wedding photography - what is a fair price to ask?
Do I need a slim or normal polarized filter for a wide angle lens?
What are the comparisons between the Canon TS-E 24mm f/3.5 L II lens vs the TS-E 45mm f/2.8?
How could I photograph a page with minimal distance to the camera?
Effect of each step in RAW image pipleline
How can modified images be displayed on a Nikon camera?
Why does the zoom on my Canon T3i not work?
How to backup my memory card without a PC?
How can the height of a subject in picture be calculated?
Is the Yongnuo YN-622C transceiver compatible with the Alien Bee 800?
Can I use exposure compensation in manual mode with auto ISO on a Canon DSLR?
Is it worth paying more for D7100 when compared to D7000?
Is there an "Exposure" setting In GIMP comparable to that in Photoshop's Image Adjustments?
How to track what parameters are modified according to Facebook Publisher in Lightroom?
How can I save changes in a NEF file made with Capture NX2?
Macro lens for general purpose shooting
Why do cameras have mirror system?
Is the Bowens Gemini 200 adequate for studio photography at 3-5 meters, or do I need the 400?
Is it possible to take HDR-photos straight out of camera?
How to automatically measure subject dimensions (width/height/distance) without physically measuring?
How do I best compare lenses?
Which wireless triggers are recommended for Bowens Gemin 200/200?
What are appropriate lenses for concert photography?
What is the difference between Canon TS-E 24mm f/3.5L II and I?
What is meant by a "Bridge" Camera?
What is causing this extreme glossy effect when using a polarizing filter?
How to resolve a firmware update gone wrong?
How to protect my D7100 on holiday / at sea?
How to fix a Nikon 100mm f/2.8 Series E lens not being properly recognized on a D300?
What rigid print media is best for a photographic exhibition?
What does "Strobist" in Photography mean?
Is it true that shooting in live view mode adds noise to the picture?
A digital camera I'm interested in is being discontinued. Is it ok if I still buy it?
How do metering and aperture setting play together in manual mode (Minolta X-700)?
Space in the Canon BG-E9 battery grip for ... something?
Is there a versatile and small flash bracket for macro?
Battery Grip for Canon T3i
How can I exclude nested keywords from a Lightroom smart collection?
Why does the eye dropper in LR Develop module stop working?
How does 18% exposure algorithm work?
What is the DIY repair potential of a Sigma 24-70mm f2.8 EX DG Macro (non HSM) lens?
How do I know the Canon 6d shutter count via software?
Which cheap digital body for M42 lenses?
What camera equipment do I need for deep space photography?
Why don't camera manufacturers offer pro bodies and pro lenses as a kit?
Is there an IQ gain in going from Canon 18-135 IS to 18-135 STM lens?
What ND filter to use for 5 second exposure hyper lapse in daylight?
What are the .LRV files on the gopro sdcard?
Is 16.7 Million Colour wide gamut?
How do I get even, bright light for photographing pages from books and magazines?
Can I use auto flash and auto ISO in Aperture priority mode on a Nikon DSLR?
How can I hide the Blown Shadows/Highlights Indicators in Camera Raw?
Why does an Aperture smart album not select all the images with a keyword?
Could skipping the 18-55mm kit lens with Rebel T3i be a foolish move, to replace it with a 50mm f/1.8?
Are there macro lenses for the Nikon 1 system?
Not all images show up when reading directly from an SD card out of Nikon D5100?
Upgrading EOS 350D or changing to full frame for low-light improvement?
Are there any alternate eyepieces for people with glasses?
Are 'digital frames' really uniformly awful?
Lightroom 4 trial finished - edits now not available in Lightroom 3?
How to post-process underexposed sunset images?
What is the meaning of "Blue Hour" and its differences from "Golden Hour?"
What is difference between tonal contrast and just contrast?
How to take picture with blurry background?
What is the difference between auto white balance and custom white balance?
Are there cheaper alternatives to standard UV photography equipment?
Upgrade to Full Frame (5D mark II) or buy Lens (24-105L)
What's an easy way to batch assign (not convert) an ICC profile to .JPG and .CR2 Canon RAW files?
How was this high-gloss achieved when taking photos of skyscrapers?
What is Stereoscopic Photography?
Is there a GUI application to quickly geotag photos / run exiftool with multiple parameters?
Longer exposure & lower ISO or shorter exposure & higher ISO - what gives better results when photographing stars?
Considerations for hiring a make-up artist / MUA?
Can I programatically manipulate Lightroom's "rejected" flag in images?
How can I tether a camera programmatically?
How many shots is considered "much" for Nikon DSLR body?
What factors, asides from temperature, affect dark current?
Does an on-line flash buying guide exist with a feature search?
How do copyright licenses and model/likeness/publicity rights interact, if at all?
How much is too much editing?
Should I upgrade my body or lens first?
How do I fix a stuck zoom ring on Nikon 18-55mm AF-S?
How to achieve auto focusing with a non-TTL flash (YN-560 II) in low light situation?
Black spots in viewfinder and some faded AF points in a month old DSLR - What should I do?
Why some pixels become hot pixels?
What is the optimal resolution required of a picture to print on an A1 size canvas?
What matters most when buying a first DSLR in terms of ruggedness, lens system, megapixels and being discontinued?
Can I use a remote shutter / bulb mode on a Canon T4i?
Is this a Fata Morgana?
What is the best way to prevent a seamless background from unrolling?
How effective is HAMA STAR 61 tripod for shooting with Nikon DSLR?
Does a larger aperture automatically mean a bigger shot?
What is the resolution of a good compact camera in lines resolved?
What caused the LEDs to not display properly in this photo?
Is it possible to make a 1-bit (bitonal) JPEG?
How can I take low-light action shots?
what is the best compact system camera for taking low light shots in nightclubs?
How to compare the before and after image in Darktable?
How to shoot a shot with the moon and city skyline?
How do I make a picture look like a painting?
What settings should I be using to shoot "Supermoon"?
What might be a suitable weatherproof camera for long exposure timelapse photography?
Is it possible to create Lightroom / Flickr captions in two languages?
Best time to shoot supermoon
Is cleaning shutter release from the battery compartment with alcohol safe?
What are the best camera settings for taking pictures in a limo?
What's the difference between taking long exposure camera shot and recording video on webcam for the same time?
Dealing microphotography
How to fix Yongnuo 568EX speedlight not switching to manual mode?
How to mount a DSLR to the ceiling for bird's eye view pictures?
Is Nikon ADL helping to increase the vividness of reflection in this picture?
How do you recommend using the ADL (Active D-Lighting) feature in Nikon cameras?
Was there ever a photo that made people cry?
Why aren't more lenses white?
How effective is in-camera Noise Reduction (NR) on a Nikon D5100?
How much additional light does an f2.8 really let in?
How to troubleshoot Canon AE-1 Program Film loading behaviour?
Are RF wireless triggers systems compatible with one another?
What is this rainbow effect from?
Is it possible to use a Metz 36 AF-5 flash on a Praktica MTL5 film SLR?
How can we apply one set of control points for stitching together a panorama to a set of different images with the same camera arrangement?
What is recommended between a 50mm Nikon f/1.4D (used) with f/1.8G (new)?
How to couple Canon lenses?
Why do I see so much skin softening in portrait photography?
What is the name of a tripod feature that adjusts level automatically?
what would the most effective metrics to compare the quality of photos taken from a smartphone/iPhone and a digital still camera?
How do I prevent photoshop shrinking my RAW files?
How to control both aperture and shutter speed for casual portraits
How do you get moon zoomed over foreground?
What is a good rule of thumb to use large aperture for portraits vs showing more background?
How do I enable picture-in-picture manual focus magnification on Panasonic G3?
Who is photographer Scott Mead?
How can I trigger a flash remotely and manually?
What is the best camera to get that will give you a very nice photo on canvas print of 11 x 15 or larger?
How to get 'plastic' skin tones in a picture?
What does "frequency" mean in an image?
Is there a correct order to stack Neutral Density with a Circular Polariser filter?
Dropped camera, now lens won't attach to body - How much for repairs?
How do rear gelatine filters compare optically with "regular" front-mounted filters? Where to buy them? How to cut them?
Can the Nikon WU-1a Wireless Remote be made to work with the D3100?
How to fix image position in Photoshop CS6?
Are there ultra-wide angle (<24mm) lenses faster than f/2.8? If not, why?
what is the current replacement for the EOS 20d
How is the cold resistance of entry level DSLRs?
Properly Using Mirror Lock With Canon EOS 60D And RC-6 IR Remote
How to auto-align slight movements in pictures shot for a timelapse?
How to perform a proper lens comparison test?
How many pixels in a megapixel?
What are the easiest (and best) solutions for avoiding a blown out background for a portrait?
What's the difference (in practice) between Photoshop's "blend layers" and "merge HDR" features?
Is the 'mono' setting in smartphone cameras a form of grayscale?
ACR terminology
When I take "Time Machine" backup of Lightroom, does it backup my edits?
Finding the distance of object from camera to the point of autofocus
How to compare "on the paper" the bigness of the viewfinder?
What is an effective means to measure image sensor dimensions from a digital photo?
How much does the sensor affect image quality if shooting in RAW?
Why do all of these film photos look off color?
Is a micro-SD card to SD adapter to CF adapter a reliable alternative to a CF card?
What causes an SD card to go corrupt?
How do I permanently set continuous mode on the Nikon D5100?
What is a Dual pixel autofocus?
Anyone have experience with the Tamron SP AF 70-200mm f/2.8 DI LD (IF) Macro?
Have inkjet prints surpassed chemistry-based paper prints in terms of color gamut?
What do I need to take photos which accurately show small differences in color?
Are there any alternative GPS modules for the Pentax k30 than the O-GPS1?
How to safely and efficiently remove frames of photo added by software?
Can a photo app for Android improve image quality?
Nikon in-camera vs lightroom jpg conversion
AF mirror not flipping on Canon 350D
Does Photo Mechanic import faster than Lightroom?
How to take extremely long (multiple month) exposure photos?
Which IPTC title fields to use?
Can I back up just the iPhoto library, without the photos?
What do these strange fractions in EXIF exposure values mean?
When Peterson says 'fixed-lens digital cameras have greater DoF', is he assuming a smaller sensor?
Can I capture only a particular colour with a Canon 650D?
Why is DOF shallower on Full Frame compared to APS-C
Is there a program that does automatic adjustment of levels in a batch?
how to get the name of this shooting technique?
How to choose lens for macro photography?
Recommondation for quality camera: low light shots, great outdoor shots, and highspeed sports movies/stills
Which APS-C camera can take pictures while filming?
What is the ideal focal length for videography?
How to get settings of Canon camera in auto mode?
Is trading Canon 18-135mm + 24mm lenses for a 17-40mm L or 70-200mm f/4 L a good decision?
Is it possible to safely disassemble a polarizing filter?
FIlter for Canon L 2.8 IS 100mm macro lens?
Nikon D7000 firmware version numbers A, B, L
Options for close-up shots
How to calculate the magnification factor of an object to its image?
Why does the Pentax K-01 have less DR than the Pentax K-5?
Do lenses with the same f-stop but different focal length gather the same amount of light?
Thoughts on buying a used Canon 5D MK II?
Birding on a budget?
Timelapse 180 GB of photos
Nice cameras for B/W photography?
Does the Sony DSC-WX60 or Nikon L610 have a better lens?
Why are compressed-gas dusters not recommended on the mirror of an SLR camera?
How to set up a safe environment to clean inside an old lens?
What lens do I need for a group portrait like this?
How to copy all editing steps (not just settings) In Lightroom?
Settings for the Canon EF 100mm f/2.8L IS USM Macro Lens (both macro and portrait)?
How to save a series of jpegs to click through?
Are consumer DSLR good enough for a billboard
what is this effect: millions of coloured light dots, picture shot in the night
What is the meaning of the letters "O.M.P." for Canon lenses?
Is an external light meter necessary for photographers?
Correct aperture to manage precisely blur and focus zones
Nikon-F to Eyepiece
How do I achieve the mirror effect with water?
What is the difference between depth of field and focal plane?
How does one create this vintage look?
Setup for shoe photography
Field of view of a webcam
Why is there a vertical lines pattern in noise?
How to recreate this effect, a mix of profile and front headshot?
Is it possible to increase digital color depth via interpolation?
Why is the AF confirmation chip needed?
What do the markings on a Tamron CCTV lens mean?
Why does the iso and time exposure change in auto iso mode when i use the optical beside the lcd in my canon t3i?
Moving up to the next lens from 55-200
Is there anywhere that photographers can exchange twitter follows or other social media connections directly?
How does the resize option 'bicubic auto' in CS6 incrementally upscale images?
Ilford Rapid Fixer color
I'm having trouble getting sharp pictures while shooting a concert from a press pass location
How do I improve the results of photos taken in a light-box?
printer recommendations
Is it possible to take apart a manfrotto monopod for transportation?
Which workflow and processing to achieve Exposure-Fusion?
Multi user access cataloging system?
How to whiten the yellow light of a poorly illuminated picture?
How do I create this soft and bright effect?
Could a damaged sensor cause stripes on the image?
Can I use a large aperture of f/2.8 while shooting landscape photography?
What does "sublimation ready" mean on a printer specification?
Hard defined shadows with continuous bare bulb and flash?
How can I prevent or undo Canon G12's auto rotate?
How do sharpening tools work?
Any tips on taking better photos of nude subjects?
My first camera
When it is beneficial take pictures in live view with a Canon 7d?
Finding a mentor
Consolidate photos and eliminate duplicates?
Sharpening when editing RAW in CS6 from LR5
How to reverse engineer digital color composite picture from glass negatives?
Can you remove scratches from a lens with peanut butter?
How can I make my Coolpix focus after I'm in place for a time-delayed self portrait?
RAW files and In-Camera Exposure Compensation
How does Canon 70-200 f/2.8 II compare with Canon 300mm f/2.8 II for image quality for weddings?
Bokeh of the human eye - How does it look like & vary across apertures and individuals?
Can I have multiple filters over different layers sharing the same mask in Photoshop?
How can I get the image/sensor dimensions in mm to get Circle of Confusion from EXIF?
Why are some webcam lenses "recessed"?
Why does it take more time to write a photo to memory when I shoot in RAW?
Can I use a high-voltage flash with the Cactus v5 trigger that is mounted on the camera?
Can I upload photo's directly onto the web from VIEW NX2 ?
How to use Canon remote without the timer?
How to fix Nikon D5200 mode dial giving incorrect modes?
How do I safely cancel a long exposure?
What should be the stereobase to shoot 3d with 2 iPhone4?
Should we rotate cameras towards or not while shooting for 3d?
DIY motion trigger for use in High Speed Photography?
What adapter can I use to mount my flash on a tripod?
Why are lenses always round in shape?
How to fix bright sky behind trees bleeding into leaves?
Using a 35mm Slide Copier with a Crop Sensor
Can I get sharper 35mm negative scan with a CanoScan 8800f flat-bed scanner?
What causes the "Flash busy" message (Canon EOS 1100D)?
What are the tips to selecting a particular lighting setup based on a model's face type?
Planning to photograph Paris Opera Garnier, Eiffel and Montmerte
How will an image from my Canon 7D look as an 8' by 8' poster? Will using TIFF over JPEG make a difference?
What does the temperature specification on a roll of film refer to?
What lens to bring to Greece?
What are some of the use cases for using green and black Chroma keys?
What is the relationship between readout and exposure time?
How do I fix my Canon Rebel taking 2 pictures at once after a 10 second delay?
Why are my pictures noisy when zoomed at 1:1 in Lightroom 4?
How do I get my Panasonic Lumix DMC-LZ20 lens diameter?
Does anyone know about the DIDEA brand camera tripod?
What are the clues to look at regarding how long Canon's EF/EF-S lens mount might be current?
How to recover data from a damaged/chewed up SD card?
Do modern DSLRs use a rolling or global shutter?
What is the relationship between size of object with distance?
Light source types and which ones to use
Unexpected behaviour of interval shooting with Nikon D5100
What is the efficiency of Bulb mode vs taking multiple shorter exposures?
Why do some lenses focus past infinity?
DSLR Workflow with ultrabooks
Is it worth to buy a pop up flash difuser?
Photograph people not aware of being photographed
Why is the image through my reversed lens grey and cloudy?
Nikon d3200 plus old Philips flash
Is there a long range Canon lens that works with an extender in the $1200 range?
How to safely clean the rear element of a lens?
Is there any good method to invert a negative image (duplicated with a digital camera) in Lightroom?
Stack star photos without trails but WITH sharp foreground?
Is there an option in Lightroom for listing the missing (questionmarked) photos?
Nikkor lenses: is there any means to know if a lense mount is in metal or plastic
What's a good and cheap digital camera for capturing moving objects?
Out-of-focus areas are not blurry, they're duplicated?
Do Lenses have a lifespan?
Why can't software fix bad lighting?
What do I need in a camera to take non-blurry photos of a fast-moving child?
Compare magnification of point and shoot cameras with dSLR telephoto lenses
Do sensors absorb different spectrum of light at different rate, making longer exposures better for blue skies?
What is the cause of "internal scratches" in my lenses?
Which bodies could I use Minolta AF 70-120 and AF 50 lenses with?
Intermediate Learning
Why is my SDHC card not recognized in the camera or PC after being used with a Raspberry Pi?
What are the available mechanisms to hang pictures on the fridge?
Can I connect Nikon D90 to Samsung grand duos smartphone?
Do elements drift out of place with age in zoom lenses?
Is Magic Lantern giving incorrect shutter counts on my Canon 500D?
I noticed high lens distortion with my kit lens; is this normal, and how to avoid this?
How can I find dust in Photoshop similar to the Lightroom feature Visualize Spots?
Does Expeed 3 make D3200 better than D5100?
How do I change camera settings inside Lightroom using tethered capture?
What changes (specifically improvements) occur to image quality when you reduce the resolution in post?
Is creative sharpening before resizing a mistake (if you're following the sharpen after resizing methodology)?
Fee error on d7000 with 50 mm lens
Why is the view darker through the viewfinder than Live View on a Canon EOS 600D/Rebel T3i with 75-300mm lens?
Why is F/8-F/11 called a "Who cares aperture"?
UV to kill fungus
What is Effective Aperture?
What is this contraption?
How to fix light spots in portraits
Nikon D600/D800 support for manual lenses with adapter
Will the Canon 6D allow me to transfer images through WiFi to a Windows PC?
Canon 40mm STM - The focus cannot be adjusted in manual mode
Are the Sony NEX5 features appropriate for music festival/concert photography?
Are polarizing filters as useful on normal lenses as they are on wide-angle lenses?
How does the Dandelion chip affect the aperture lever with old lenses on Nikon D3200?
Why does my Nikon D3100 display 'File contains no image'?
How to fix issues with the flash on Nikon D3100?
If the focal plane is curved, should the outer AF points work correctly or front-focus?
How to read lens specs
Canon 580EX compatible with xxxEX II flashes?
Why do Canon lenses stay wide open when off camera, but Nikkor lenses keep tight aperture?
Why does a reverse lens act like a macro lens?
How do I repair "partially" corrupted raw (cr2) files?
What are some of the implications of using a medium-format lens on a DSLR?
How to use a Kodak Gray Scale to color-proof image scans?
Is there maximum distance for stereoscopic photography?
More detail close up at 50mm than further back with at 85mm?
Nikon D800E: How does Image Quality compare between PC-E Lenses or Medium Format lenses (via adapter) for Tilt/Shift?
Does printing a photo at a higher PPI use more or less ink?
What are some options for a low-cost, general purpose, travel lens for Canon?
What tools and spare parts are needed to repair Canon 200mm f/1.8 USM prime lens?
How can I insert my own demosaicing algorithm into rawtherapee or darktable's pipeline?
Is there a way to add captions to Lightroom photos based on title and/or description?
How should I do a DIY set up for shooting clothing items?
Nikon PC-E Lens .. would it work for me?
My lens is capable of f-stops higher than the label
How to charge a camera from a car's auxiliary power outlet?
What are the differences of sRaw1 and sRaw2?
What is happening when I convert from a source color space AdobeRGB to a Canon photo paper profile?
How to pause a batch operation in photoshop to allow for user interaction?
Canon 7d or 70d can't decide
Canon Rebel T3 wont take the picture I want
Will a laser beam damage a non operational CCD?
Is there a command line tool in Linux to remove fisheye effect?
What are the use cases of a Petzval lens?
How can I save metadata changes to master photos in Lightroom?
How to fix the dramatic increase in contrast when using Colormunki profile?
Can I delete photos on my Lumix from my computer?
How to calculate the FOV in degrees from focal length or distance?
Which two lenses would be best for my bag; one telephoto (300mm+) and a portrait/landscape lens?
How to get sand out of the sensor?
Why do cameras have so little buffer?
How to clean a wet filter?
Which aperture is the sharpest in the lens that come with Nikon d3100?
How to enhance details (like freckles) in lightroom?
Is it the same if you take a picture by setting 50mm in a 18-55mm lens and by using a 50mm prime lens?
How has the interface changed from the Fuji X100 to the Fuji X100S?
Why does Darktable export enormous JPEGs?
Can I batch set the date on Canon RAW files with a tool?
few questions about the ezybox 24"
How do I convert a single FITS image into Red, Green and Blue images?
Why do RAW images look worse than JPEGs in editing programs?
How to photograph your hand such that it appears that it is in a computer screen?
How to do 360 Polar Panorama in Photography?
How to recover from a crash during import into Lightroom 5?
How to repair when a DSLR was infected by computer worm or virus?
Are there any good "dispersion blur" image filters?
How can I make a Lightroom 5 smart collection for unedited images which also includes my work in progress?
Nikon AF 70-300 mm lens zoom broken, can it be salvaged?
What's the easiest way to access pure raw data (without demosaicing)?
Is 24mm F/1.8 Prime lens blur bokeh is good (not distorted face) for portraits
How to have one person look tall and another look small in one image?
What's the succinct reason for face-warping in wide angle lenses?
How can I use a filter and hood with my Nikon L820?
What should I put in my camera bag for photographing insects (in a jungle)?
Can I repair minor abrasions on my Canon 14mm F2.8 USM front lens element?
Is there any Linux software that can import picasa.ini edits?
Problem with recover photos - all are black
What ISO should I use on my Nikon D5200 to avoid visible noise in 4×6 prints?
Will Tamron 70-300mm f/4-5.6 Di VC USD work with Canon t3i?
Why is the viewfinder info display missing on my Nikon D90?
What equipment do I need for 360° virtual tour photography?
What makes a camera 'weather sealed'?
What causes faint circles in astrophotography images?
High ISO or faster lens for a distant evening portrait?
Officejet Pro 8600 Plus or Epson Perfection 1650 for Photo Scanning?
Why is there still a flash before my exposure when using second curtain sync?
How can we sync Lightroom 5 metadata changes over Dropbox?
Why isn't there a Red/Cyan slider in Color Temperature sliders in photo editing software?
Can defished fisheye images have a larger FOV than rectilinear wide angle lenses?
What is a magnesium alloy shell?
Why does Picasa change the RAW preview after a second?
Creating one photo with multiple rows as if one is head-on to each row?
Why does my camera record a .JPG image and .NEF image on my memory card?
How to illuminate an outdoor night time portrait with a cityscape background?
How do I keep a polarising filter from coming loose?
Wide angle lenses for cheap bodies around 500USD
With a limited budget, how should I invest between flash power and light modification?
How would i achieve this background halo effect?
Is this VR malfunction? -- viewfinder image becomes unstable again after a few seconds
Can anyone offer me some shooting advice for a wedding ceremony?
Andbon controls understanding issue
How do I start a career in photography?
How to upload photos wirelessly on an old 5D?
Compact 35mm film camera with decent 50mm-ish lens
Advice for other than kit lens
What is the problem with my point and shoot camera?
How to avoid visual "burnout" during post-processing?
How do I correctly expose a 3200 ISO film roll on a camera that allows 1600 ISO?
When doing a light painting photo with a keyring light, is it better to shine the light on the surface or towards the camera
Is auto-iso affected by exposure compensation in manual (M) mode on nikon d7000?
LED HD TV as a monitor for post processing purpose
Canon EOS 600D body with other company's lens OR with kit lens
Which Lens is better to use for portrait photography?
How to take panaroma shot using my Nokia C6?
What is exactly the '3D pop' in photography?
Will the Canon 5D MK II with 100-400 1:4.5-5.6 work properly with Kenko 1.4 converter?
Wrong screwdriver broke Canon 70-200mm small screw. Any way of unscrewing it?
What do I need for extreme macro photography?
How to troubleshoot Nikon D5100 not powering up?
What is the diameter of the lens' aperture in mm terms?
How can I control a DSLR camera programmatically?
What silver background can I use for jewelry photography?
How to get bokeh effect using compact camera?
Shooting at the beach: Options for protection?
Compositing portrait adult/child
As a college art student, am I allowed to enter amateur art contests?
Want my first DSLR...but I'm spoilt for choice
How are very high resolution images displayed on low resolution monitors?
Homogeneity of a filter, when does it matter?
Is there any practical way to measure the T-stop of a lens?
What do I need to beef up my iPhone for my go-to camera on my travels?
What do I need to do to take Aurora borealis photos by iPhone4S?
Cannot read SanDisk memory card on Canon 600D: Err 70
Is there a DSLR fixed lens camera?
How can I test whether my camera is working after it was dropped?
What coatings do mobile camera lenses have?
Book for learning Photoshop?
Which camera to buy?
Where can I get a replacement case for my Nikon SB400 flash?
Wide Angle Lens on a Step Down ring?
What is a "De-clicked" aperture control ring?
Finding the point corresponding to a known height in an image
What effect does lens separation have on images?
Backing up iPhone photos to iPad Mini on lengthy travel
How to move photos from Aperture to iphoto?
Why isn't Windows 8 detecting my Nikon D3100?
find source image and it's copyright
Multi-exposure on the Nikon D700
Combinig external flash with ring flash - viable?
How can I take an extended timelapse with my GoPro given the short battery life?
Adequate PPI for 12' by 5' banner
How many filters can you stack?
Why are minor differences appear magnified when synced to the same parameters in Lightroom?
Can you photograph the milky way with a full moon out?
How can this retro effect be achieved in Lightroom?
Is it wrong to call the image plane the focal plane?
Tilt on Albinar 7000 tripod head won't lock in place — how to fix?
Can the sun damage a point and shoot camera's sensor even when it is off?
How to review a lens?
Oversampling: Worth it, and will it improve low-light?
how many YN-622C do you need to work with YN-568EX II
How does one track a shot where a car moves towards the camera but the background is blurred?
Lightroom + bridge workflow
Halos on images taken with a Panasonic Lumix DMC-FS35
What do you look for when renting a photography studio (uk)
SDHC unreadable on Windows 8, on OSX works fine
Should beginners start post-processing soon?
Should I get a tele-converter or a camera body with more megapixels and crop?
What is Nineteen Megapixels minus Sixteen Megapixels?
What kind of earplugs are best for concert photography?
What are the effects of turning negative images to positives?
Why do digital cameras restrict the number of multiple exposures?
What is causing this (purple and green) color aberration?
How to choose a right Compact System Camera?
What's the point of a removable umbrella cover?
How to identify if a photo is photoshopped without looking at its digital code
DSLR Lens For Close Range Full Body Shots
Can I trigger a Canon T2i using a webcam that detects motion?
Can I shoot a "Star Trail" photo using Canon t2i?
Continuous Bursts of Many Short Exposures vs. A Few Long Exposures for Astrophotography?
how to focus with a ND filter
When it's wise to use tripod
Are there guidelines for using "Dutch angles"?
Canon G12 vs G7 in dark
What causes banding noise in CMOS sensors?
Why is my Canon 5DMIII draining batteries overnight?
Lightroom 5: export photo with NO keywords
what are keypoints for good wedding photography?
DPP output is not sharp
lightroom smart collections
How much benefit can one get from monopod for night photography?
What kind of shoes are best for wedding photography?
How can I use CMYK values to white balance skin?
Lightroom & Facebook: Can't download comments
Why are these black dots / spots appearing in my pictures?
How can I change the pixel data in a DNG while keeping all the metadata?
How can I accomplish layer composites in Photoshop?
Nikon D70 and Sigma EF-500 DG Super NA-iTTL Flash
How to "scan" oversized documents with DSLR?
What is the standard gamma value?
Webcam effect for Canon 5D Mark II
How can I get a circular star trail effect?
Are there any watermark apps for android?
How do I open a .dat from a FUJIFILM FinePix AV100?
Options for backing up photos and videos from Compact Flash card to external hard disk without laptops?
Does the Nexto DS2730 modify files in any way when it imports RAW files?
What is the source of this banding in scans of B/W photographs?
How can I batch convert photos made from some angle to frontal view?
Is rotation an intrinsic lossy operation (for angles not multiple of 90 degrees)?
How to activate my camera aperture and speed wheels
How to remove white spots from a scanned picture?
Will multiple exposures or one long exposure give better outcome for silky water?
Why is the Rule of Thirds rarely followed in macro?
Why does my shutter release multiple times using wireless remote in bulb mode? Canon t3i
What sort of damage in a camera can cause these photos?
My D3100 takes longer exposure shots instead of using the flash
How can I transfer pictures from my Canon Digital Rebel XTI (400D) to my Mac?
how can I determine the proper exposure for insanely long exposures
Is there a remote wireless camera shutter button for the GE x600?
Canon lens FD 50mm 1:1.4 with Canon Rebel T3i - no focus
How can I fix my Nikon D7000's back focusing problem?
Will this adapter ring let me share filters between my lenses?
What kind of mirror in a mirror lens?
How durable are external lens coatings?
3 lenses for D7000 - Portrait, Landscape and travel
Why shot-to-shot time is much slower than the max FPS in burst mode?
How to set tint if one is colour blind?
When should I use different methods of increasing exposure?
What are the theoretical minimum and maximum apertures?
What is the fastest possible shutter speed?
What does depth of field mean?
Want to know about F/8-F/11 in-spite of aperture?
What is broken on my Canon 450D? Edit: Missing focusing screen and submirror: fixable?
Canon lenses sweetspots chart
What does "focal length multiplier" mean?
Low f/stop = fast lens?
Why are 35mm image sensors the standard?
Lenses with UD Element
Should I buy the Nikon D3100 or the D5100 for family pictures?
How do I choose which low-cost fisheye lens is right for me?
How does sensor size relate to image resolution?
What lens characteristics contribute to attractive lens flare?
raw image looks perfect in camera and lr4 but awful in cs6
How to deduplicate and centralize pictures from multiple cameras?
Effective filters for daytime landscape photography?
Canon Rebel XS will not take pictures in AF mode
How do I crop to least rectangular extent after Photomerge?
Can I fix a point and shoot camera where the lens makes a grinding sound on startup?
What's wrong with this little planet panorama?
What factors determine the size of focus step done with remote shooting?
How do I take baby shower pictures in a low light situation?
Multiple exposures vs. adjusting exposure of single RAW?
How to take a moving object(far distance) in outdoor low light situation?
How to adjust the flashlight properly when to take a headshot?
Pano Pro versus Gigapan for panoramic photos?
Lightroom: Sharpen images for previewing?
Should a fisheye converter be sharp when I look through it directly?
Will an always-on ring light provide a less annoying option than flash for portraits during events?
How can I take a clear picture of an object which is in relative motion opposite to my motion?
How to shoot for wide website hero image?
Looking for a 300mm FX lens, with integrated autofocus motor, for under $200 - possible?
"Lens not attached" appearing whenever I try to use my Nikkor 70-300mm?
Lightroom -> edit in photoshop increases brightness?
How can I transfer images from a Canon DSLR to a Windows phone?
Why not make HDR from a single RAW automatically?
How do I pan an image in Lightroom while using the adjustment brush?
Difference in cameras and lenses
What's the difference between a diopter and an extension tube?
Are two 750W incandescent lamps enough for a 120cm light tent?
Why do some of my RAW files get "broken", with narrow solid black horizontal lines?
Displaying an 8bpp image on 30bpp hardware, what to do with the extra bits?
Does the Canon 600EX use face detection for improved ETTL?
Do I need a polarising filter?
What feature/effect in lightroom causes people's faces to look plastic?
photographing very small particles
How does the Sony 135 F2.8 [T4.5] STF twin aperture lens design work?
Portable tripod recommendations for those on a budget
How to group photos for photo book
Lens Flares on purpose
Wide angle lens for Canon Rebel T3i
What exactly is focal length when there is also flange focal distance?
Color label and rating recomendations
Why do I have blurry star trails?
What is the cause for this diffused artifact around the sun?
How does time of exposure relate to aperture?
How can I clean an old metal photographic plate? What are best practices for conservation?
why it is showing two pictures of a picture
Who has ownership of images taken for work in UK?
is the Nikon 35mm f/1.8 worth it after i have the kit lenses?
Tethered Capture not working - Windows 8 - D800 - Lightroom5
Will lack of image stabilization be a problem if I'm using a tripod?
How can I take a picture at 50mm with a Finepix s8200?
How do you get HDR tiff files from Photomatix/HDR Efex Pro to show up in Lightroom?
Does shooting RAW vs JPEG have a significant effect on battery life?
How much does a camera move in 1/250 of a second?
Can I expand the number of digits in the image counter on my camera or software?
What settings should I use for photography on a ghost tour?
Do I need 50mm lens If I have 24-105 lens for canon 6d?
To buy 50mm or 35mm prime lens
How to start learning photography Online for free?
How do I make a panorama from multiple rows and columns?
How do focal distance reductors affect image quality?
How does the Canon EF 100mm f2.8 Macro USM compare to Tamron 90mm Di Vc USD?
What is a Sync Terminal Adapter?
Should I choose shutter speed or aperture first?
My pictures will not transfer from my Nikon D3200 to my Macbook. It has done it in the past but does not do it now. Do I need a software up date?
Any known issues when using Google Drive with Lightroom 5 (Catalog & photos) on two computer?
Different focusing speed on different AF-D lenses?
What wide-angle, high-quality lens should I buy next for travel photography [Canon]?
How can I capture earthshine?
Neither a Tripod or monopod
How big should the images on a contact sheet be?
How can I open CR2 files with Photoshop CS4's ACR?
How do anamorphic lenses produce lens flare "streaks"?
360° (spherical) panorama with person / portrait?
How to remove only white background from the image not the white part within the image?
Canon 70-200 f2.8 non IS or f4 IS
photoshop CS5 ver. 12.0.4 does not update to CR 8.2
Please help me explain how raw shooting can help me based on a contrived example
What's the best way to remove discolouration of scanned photographs?
What is a better marriage for my Canon 70-300 L lens: A 7D or 5d Mark iii?
How to protect lens from fungus
How do I determine whether flash fired or not?
Print Settings from Lightroom 4
What causes the dark halo around the copper part of the object in this photo?
How does amount of blur compare between differently-sized sensors using lenses with equivalent focal length?
What is the best way to take photographs of myself?
Seriously considering upgrading my Rebel T2i (550D) to either a 6D, 7D or 70D
Ultra white background on white transparent objects
If you are shooting a movie/photo (non-profit or profit) with a willing person, should you get a contract signed from him/her?
Should the INFO display show the status of both batteries in a Canon battery grip?
Can we always talk about noise difference between crop and full frame?
Slicing articles from a photo or pdf newspaper page
How to correctly expose when using a flash?
Anyone have any idea how I can recreate this sort of lighting/color?
Why and how do "bigger pixels" make a better picture?
Can I shoot tethered with a Fujifilm hs20?
Are the Panasonic Leica DG Summilux 25mm/F1.4 ASPH models H-X025 and the H-X025E the same lens?
FEE error NIKON D90 50mm f/1.8
How to resize images in Lightroom to a particular file size?
How do I get Lightroom to display AM/PM info?
What technique was used to achieve this partial vertical motion blur? Software or camera movement?
minimum shutter speed for point and shoot camera
What to do when my Nikon DSLR back LED keeps blinking, draining the battery quickly?
How to center part of object in Photoshop
How does telephoto converter affect zoom range?
Can a telephoto lens have a wide field of view?
Difference between D&G shoot vs Other professional shoot
What does lens correction in software actually correct to?
How to Restore Old Lenses?
Polarizing filter
How to remove objects from photo
Demosaic data stored in TIFF
How much does 1 mm get you in a wide-angle lens?
Are Ansel Adams's theory books relevant today?
Does aperture affect a cameras vignetting?
What's causing the weird light pink color splotch in this photo?
How can I take professional looking pictures with a macro lens?
Nikon AF-S Nikkor 70-300mm 1:4.5-5.6 G ED Lens will not autofocus
How can I copy location info from geotagged phone images to images taken with my other camera around the same time?
I've got a D3100 and the mirror broke!! What to do?
How do I stop a Nikon L28 from timing out?
Why hasn't buying powerful lights improved my lightbox images?
Is there any way to keep changes made after moving a raw image file?
How to focus/use Olympus 40-150mm f4.0-5.6R lens with Olympus E-PL2?
What Ever Happened to Hologram AF?
Shooting 50mm EF vs EF-S
What's the difference between Canon's two Portrait (and Landscape) settings?
Is it possible to manualy trigger the on-camera flash on a Canon 30D?
What is a good workflow for tagging photos via exif, then automatically displaying them on WP site via tag?
What cameras have aperture controls on the lens?
Is there a special term for cameras that use standard, replaceable batteries?
How does one do a time lapse video in the public?
How to take picture with blur background using FujiFilm HS10
Why do certain lenses increase angle of view upon close focus?
Camera set up for mountain bike photography
What's the recommended 600D lens to us for Maternity shoot?
Does Canon 450D (Rebel XSi) have TTL ratio control over the menu?
What are the caveats for buying a teleconverter that is of a different brand than the lens?
Older Lightroom and newer Camera (e.g. Lightroom 4.4 and EOS 70D) - will it work?
How long batteries last with 5DMIII off?
Can you match a photo to the discrete camera it was taken with, without metadata?
Why is focal length measured in millimeters?
Image Color and Saturation
Suggestion for books tracing the evolution of photographic equipment
How can I have the LiveView of my camera displayed on a TV or Laptop screen?
How to set white balance in a photo of stars?
Camera care and lense changing in a dusty, windy hot environment
Pulling colors out of a raw file in post
Modern, purely manual focus lenses for Nikon F-mount?
Quickly check original photo in Lightroom Library module
How can I completely avoid noise for stock photography with my Canon 650D?
What are the theoretical advantages of RAW beyond bit depth?
Canon camera DIY repair
Will a tough camera still be waterproof if I take it apart?
What's causing the "seeing double" lens ghosting in my photos?
How can I wirelessly take photos on an original 5d?
Will a better lens help with high speed skateboarding shots?
Why does copying to computer from my Nikon D7000 abruptly stop?
What does 'freedom of color from white or gray' mean?
Setting up bracketing on a D7000
Replace Canon 400D with 500/550/600/650/700?
Affordable timelapse motion control
The best flash setup and postion for a portraits and groups shots in a low light room?
Overhead shot over a glossy suface
My images are not sharper Nikon D800
Tamron 70-200 Di VC vs Canon 70-200 II
Speedlite Recommendations for Canon 600D T3i
Keeping two subjects in focus (depth of field)
What causes an f/0 error on a Nikon D700?
Do I need copyright for a music for photo presentations?
A recently acquired lens will focus automatically, but won't manually, why?
How to explain to your client that a camera flash does no harm to infant?
speedlite 550ex won't fire, no pilot test, but it turns on
The name of the gum part on the camera body for replacement
Location for Family Portraits
Reducing color balance errors across multiple cameras
My Brand New Nikon 50mm f/1.8D giving problem
What determines who owns my photographs?
What b&w fiber paper has the most detail in zones VII-IX?
Which paper has to be used to print a photo, which is low contrast and mostly grey?
Nikon ML-L3 Remote Control
Things to consider when shooting landscapes in broad daylight
Nikon D90 stuck on long exposures for Manual, A, S and P modes
Do Glossy photo papers that don't go Matte when used with pigment inks that lack a clear coat exist?
How to make spherical (360) panoramic image with 2:1 aspect ratio?
What lens is needed to change the minimal focus distance length of my camera?
What color are actual LEDs used in the 430EXii Speedlite's AF-assist?
Best lens for taking pictures of surfers
If using one camera to trigger another, what FPS will the triggered camera have?
What is causing this one line on all my photos from Nikon D3100?
Is there something special about f/3.5-5.6?
What camera do you offer to a beginner for his first dslr or dslr like
How to avoid blown colours in one channel?
How can I depict vehicle traffic during daytime in a long exposure without washing out the vehicles?
Workflow for managing, organizing and sharing a large number of "photos of strangers"?
why shoot RAW plus jpeg
What is the image size of the Sun / Moon in the frame with a given focal length?
Can my Canon Eos camera be used with continuous power?
Which Canon superzoom to select for clearer sports pictures?
How does the spectral sensitivity of different sensors affect the resulting photo?
Why do green colored rectangles appear on the view finder around light-sources that are in the view?
How can I apply selective color in Lightzone?
How to correct yellowish pictures under fluorescent lighting on a digital camera?
How to have colors in Milky-way?
How to make a panorama from pictures with distortion
I have a Nikon D7000. How can I shoot when it is raining? What kind of raincover should I use?
How iPhone 5S can have such a big aperture? f/2.2?
Connecting multiple cameras to a computer through USB
Lack of sharpness / focus in low light
Shadows in corner and dark pictures-stuck filter
Difference between PNG and RAW, other than compression?
How can I get the colors in my photo to look like a painting by the Dutch masters?
Why are 50mm no longer the default kit lens for prosumer SLRs?
Do official extension tubes degrade image quality?
Should back-focus be constant for all focus distances?
Is it possible to shoot moving water in HDR?
Is Canon PowerShot SX280 really so power consuming?
lightroom editing in photoshop..
What does CHA mean on Nikon D-90?
Are there significant reasons to prefer 2nd-generation Canon L lenses to 1st-generation ("I" vs. "II")?
What object is typically used to illustrate size of object on a photograph taken in the field?
How to make blurry background in photos?
What lens characteristics are important in star photography?
shift-deleted images recovered but not fully restored
What do I need to be aware of to shoot a swim meet?
How and should I clean a single fingerprint off a filter?
What is the advantage of rolling shutters, if any?
Free photo sharing site with excellent security features
Why is Hugin placing all my images on top of each other?
How to detect if a photo's metadata has been changed?
Canon EF135mm f/2L vs 70-200mm f/2.8L IS for Indoor shooting
Removing light halos in lightroom or photoshop
How do I fix a stuck Rolleiflex Tessar 3.5 shutter?
How can I use the built-in flash with a legacy prime on a Nikon D3100?
Blurred images with Canon 1100D
How to fix Canon 17-40mm F4L loose zoom ring?
How does autofocus point selection relate to manual focus?
How to relate LED Lumens to Lux at a given distance?
using flash and av mode
What lens adapter do I need to use a Marexar lens on a Canon EOS camera?
Free software to create photo book (Pdf)
How would Yashica M lenses compare with modern Canon lenses in terms of image quality?
What alternatives to glass are there for framing glossy prints?
Output of camera to TV looks terrible, but doesn't on a computer
Same serial number on cameras from the same manufacturer
CHDK generated DNG has no preview
Which Zeiss lenses are actually made in Germany?
For night photography with lots of unexposed areas, should I go with high iso and low exposure, or low iso and high exposure?
How can I see exactly what has changed between two images with a difference in brightness?
How do I select just the photos with the top level keyword in Lightroom?
Installing SLR lens on incompatible devices?
Why can't I get a decent white background for my product photography
How do I keep iPhoto in sync with the filesystem
What can Aperture or Lightroom do that Picasa or iPhoto can't?
Is this grain normal? Canon T2i (550d) grain in high light
How do I get a colored sky instead of black for stars photo?
Recommend good cropping software
Is there any documentation for posing nude models?
Why isn't aperture priority mode automatically adjusting the shutter speed on my Nikon?
What lens will fit a Canon 10D?
How can I automate the creation of Polaroid-like images in Photoshop?
How to set up a large pinhole photography competition?
How can I achieve this low contrast effect in Photoshop?
How to make indoor spherical panorama
Why are mirrorless cameras much slower than DSLRs?
What is a simple lightroom workflow while keeping backups?
Why would a Nikon lens be missing its rubberized focus ring?
Hotshoe flash with adaptable color temperature?
Will a low-cost macro ring flash be useful for portraits?
Get impressive pictures at night in Venice
How do I change date folder name format in Lightroom?
How can I find a camera bag which won't strain my back?
Why does my nikon flash fire 3 short flashes before the full flash goes off?
Free software for sorting images by color or similarity
Long Exposure Photo vs. Video
Nikon SU800 flash commander and studio strobes
What are the heaviest parts of modern DSLR bodies?
Can photos printed at home be acceptable for UK passport applications?
What is the math behind white-balance, and how to choose it?
Can a curve be added in GIMP as a layer?
Is there any system to control a non-TTL speedlight from a wireless controller on the camera?
Can I use a Pentax lens on a Canon body?
Lens f-number and speed on adapted lenses
Compact camera for every-day-carry
color errors in dark areas - canon 700d/t5i
How do I expand a low dynamic range scene, in the analog domain, when shooting a photo?
What is the camera doing when "processing" a long exposure photo?
Zoom Lens suggestion for hobbyist photographer
F-mount extension tubes suddenly stop attaching to Nikon d5100
Over saturation in RAW files
Can I use Olympus OM lenses on a Pentax DSLR?
Manual Mode : Dark picture even in broad daylight
How can we calculate differences in exposure times with ND filters?
canon speedlite manual :what is stroboscopic flash?
Panasonic FZ200 SD Card - does Class 10 UHS-I improve performance in the camera over a standard Class 10?
Do Canon 430EXII speedlite flash units have an optical slave function?
Any ideas on how to capture time?
Using old, manual focus lenses with a new Pentax DSLR
Is an aperture range of 3.5-5.6 shallow enough to provide great bokeh on a cropped sensor?
Is it worth buying a SLR?
What is a Canon Digisuper lens and why is it $200,000+?
How similar is in-camera JPEG processing to own brand RAW conversion?
How do I ensure good color reproduction when photographing paintings with a mid-level DSLR?
Canon 50mm f/1.8
my nikon not showing in autofocus
Is Magic lantern compatible with Canon Kiss X5 (600D)
Have DSLR sensors made improvements since the transition to CMOS?
flash for a beginner?
Can I estimate the light gathering power of a lens by measuring size of entrance pupil?
Canon Sharp Zoom Lens for Fashion Photography
Will the Rokinon 8mm f3.5 Fisheye work with a Canon camera?
Why does oil leak from the aperture ring of old lenses?
Focusing issues with my Nikon D3100 with some lenses
How does a sensor cause vignetting?
Advantages of single vs multiple Aperture libraries?
How to assign the function button for Bracketing in Nikon D7000
Raw images usage and technical explanation?
Why does the picture on my camera's rear LCD screen look fine right when I take the shutter, but then change?
Why don't mainstream sensors use CYM filters instead of RGB?
Determine the size of an object from an aeriel photo
Is the size of the entrance pupil the same as the size of the effective aperture?
Is it more cost-effective to build a home studio piecemeal or buy a lighting kit?
Can a circular polarizer filter cause noisy images?
How can I achieve extreme macro?
Lightroom 5: Displaying a stack in Survey View
How does focal length relate to macro magnification?
SLR cameras for a beginners?
What should a photographer wear to a formal event?
Why don't digital cameras shoot video at full sensor resolution, or do continuous drive at video framerates?
Nikon D7100 doesn't recognize firmware update file on SD card
How to achive painting like effect
Is this effect built in inside Canon 600D?
How can an amateur wildlife photographer get good photos of urban foxes?
What are the differences between AF/metering chips for M42 lens Canon DSLR adapter?
Why can I recover more highlights RAW files from some cameras than from others?
How do I setup and capture an event photo booth?
Color loss and clarity issues in Canon T2i
How can I search in Lightroom for photos that aren't geotagged?
Has Canon released any point and shoot cameras without optical low-pass filters?
What is the highest acceptable ISO to use for weddings with Canon 7D?
How does a DX-format sensor support FX lenses?
Why do Canon 6d raw photos have a red tint across the entire image in Windows preview?
How to clean spit off my camera sensor?
How is the cable flashzebra.com #0138 better than #0126 for a Canon flash; Why this cable has the same contacts as a Canon hotshoe?
Will extensive use of live-view decrease the lifespan of a DSLR?
How can I do something like Photoshop's warp tool with open source software?
Where can I buy high quality greetings cards blanks in the UK?
How can you use a Collection inside a Lightroom Smart Collection?
IPhone Camera for 16x20 photo
Is a 18% gray card intended for exposure metering, and its use to set white-balance is just a bonus?
Photographing Moving Vehicles
Could a phone-camera have a medium-telephoto lens and still fit in a phone?
What are the disadvantages of super-zoom cameras compared to binoculars?
How to trigger off camera flash in combination with burst mode?
Does live view increases the number of shutter actuations?
How to enhance a cameraphone photo so you can see stars?
What does it mean when an online store says "Nikon USA model"?
Is there a technique for taking photographs which will defeat facial recognition?
What is the relationship between "macro" and "telephoto" lenses?
Help me understand effective f-number
What would appear on polaroid film exposed without a lens?
Why does my Canon 50mm f/1.8 have an interference pattern on the viewfinder?
How to photograph tire tracks imprinted on a person's clothes?
Does Stopping down affect the performance of the sensor's AA filter?
What techniques to use to achieve similar look as attached photo
What (and why) are the differences for AF between viewfinder and LiveView
In Aperture, how can I export the preview of an image or locate the preview file?
What's the use of a very fast shutter speed, faster than 1/4000?
Why do two lenses with the same F-number give different amount of light?
What is this dead pixel problem really called?
Which lenses are best for a beginner using a Canon EOS 100D?
How can I resize and watermark my images so people can't take them when I'm trying to sell them?
What features would cause a portrait photographer to choose a DSLR over Mirrorless?
What are the differences between Tokina 11-16 mm f/2.8 DX and DX-II (Nikon mount)?
How can I make a high resolution Slit Scan photograph with Magic Lantern
An easy way to embed custom information when in the field
Should I replace the Canon 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 kit lens with a 40mm f/2.8 or 50mm f/1.4?
What is the difference between "P" mode and "auto mode" on my DSLR?
What TECHNICAL aspects of STUDIO photography do I need to know as a professional?
How significant is the difference between Canon 5D and Canon 5D Mark II when using the same lens at open aperture?
What's the difference between a dedicated image processor (BIONZ, EXPEED, DIGIC) and a CPU?
Is this amount of noise expected, or am I doing it wrong?
How do old lenses get dented just on the filter ring?
where is the pin-hole point located in an SLR?
How to take clear photographs with DSLR
Good way to overcome backlit subject from distance with no assistance?
Low quality photos even at superfine mode
Optical focal length
Take a photo and print it to show approximate view of a human from a distance?
Is it really better to shoot at full-stop ISOs?
Dead D7000 rear LCD?
Theory of Variable Neutral Filter
Flat fielding an image with two 1-D arrays
Can an Optical Low Pass Filter be applied via a lens filter?
Rule of thumb for manual setting of flash for daylight fill?
How to calculate Hugin lens data
How do I perform the first Lightroom import of images from two external drives and a memory card?
Why isn't my Canon 70D autofocus accurate in manual zone AF mode with a 50mm f/1.8 lens?
What are the differences and adventages of using a PC Terminal vs Hot Shoe?
Does the Nikon 50mm 1.8G have a rubber seal?
how to select a proper aperture for 50mm portrait lens?
how to capture low key and high key images without using external flash?
Are cross-type focus points more accurate, or just faster?
How can I best take portraits in strong sunlight, without a flash or reflector?
nikon d3100 built in flash not working
How are the levels and curves tools are related?
What factors prevent camera sync speeds from being faster?
synchronize photos and folders across 2 external drives?
What is a 50mm focal length good for on an APS-C camera?
Why does my flash keep turning itself off?
Macro shots using Nikon AF-S 55-300mm
Portrait Lens for Nikon D7000 50 mm vs 70-300mm
Are these strange splotches on buildings in a long-exposure photo hot pixels?
Is there software that can calculate the range of zones in B&W photo?
Can I configure my Sony A57 screen and viewfinder display to brighten with a manual flash, just like with the popup flash?
What can limit frames per second on a mirrorless camera?
Is it possible to attach two teleconverters serially?
Anyway to preview/delete photos on iPad without transferring them first (Canon 5D Mark III)?
Does cloudy, low-contrast light produce the best results for photos of fall foliage?
Lightroom 4.4 - on synchronizing folder, LR says photos are missing but are not, and requests remove + re import?
Is there a way to get lightroom to show me the camera's original thumbnail?
Why won't Nikon V1 autofocus with a close up filter attached?
How to store tilt/rotation and crop information in metadata?
How about high ISO (low light) performance testing of sensor with camera's auto-ISO option?
Is video a good alternative to low available light photography?
How can I avoid lens flare when shooting into the sun with a compact camera?
Photographing archive functions with custom naming option
Why are there folders 327CANON etc, what is their purpose and what triggers their creation?
How can I check free space on my memory card on a Nikon DSLR?
Why aren't the 35mm film scans I got back from a lab at a 3:2 aspect ratio?
Superzoom unable to autofocus at infinity at mid-zoom focal lengths
Why does JPEG show at half size in Adobe Bridge on Retina display?
Image file tagging in OS X Mavericks based on Lightroom tags possible?
How can I use a wireless trigger with a Sigma flash and a Nikon D3000?
Can I polish a scratch off of lens contacts?
What is the lens on top of the 105mm lens?
Compact camera with a prime lens
What are the challenges of creating a pinhole camera with short focal length?
How to force Lightroom to use a specific lens profile?
5d mark 1 vs 5d mark 2
Image stacking with different camera settings
What type of lens do I need to capture the football field or basketball games from the bleachers
What are those little hooks on extension tubes for?
What is an AA Filter?
Will a "Sigma AF Telephoto 1:5.6 f=400mm Multi-Coated Lens Japan for Canon AF 072" work with Canon EF mount?
Why is my IR camera recording images when no IR light is present?
newer 520 flash with nikon d7000
Is it normal for a Nikon D5100 to freeze after several photos are taken in a row?
Full frame or not?
What is the fastest film (highest ISO) made commercially?
working distance in macro photography
What are the key features of the Canon EOS 1DX SLR?
Is this tutorial about fill flash percentage wrong?
How to get my Nikon D5100 out of black and white in modes other than auto?
How do I calculate what the working distance will be with a macro reversed lens setup?
Should I refocus if I change the aperture in a DSLR?
Why won't shutter release when in flash mode?
In an out-of-focus photo, why do lights look different than normal/dark areas?
Will lightroom sync offline library changes when external drive reconnects?
have accidentally taken 130 RAW shots with ISO sensitivity 10000, all noisy, now what?
Dark spots - sensor toast?
What is this "Dreamy" effect called and how can I achieve it?
How to remove too much red color added by Canon camera?
I changed my camera lens while my camera was on
I'm getting the kit lens; should I add a 55-250mm or 50mm prime lens?
How does aperture/DOF affect continuous autofocus?
Canon Prime Lens for Fashion Street Photography (Full Frame)
Anyone use a MacBook Pro to edit/print digital photos?
Is my Canon camera broken, or do I just need a new battery door?
How to change .MOV file format to .AVI in Canon 650D
Why is anamorphic bokeh oval shaped?
Are certain type of tripod heads safer than others? Does the price makes a difference?
Why did the sun cut my photo?
What are the most valuable photographs on the planet?
Does auto mode of flash metering have any advantage over TTL?
Is the focus plane of a fisheye lens inherently curved?
Doing a time lapse of my backyard for 1 year
Is it possible in LR 5 to add unique metadata titles to a large amount of images?
RAW .orf files have horizontal and vertical black lines running through. Any way to fix corrupt RAW files?
Photo upload problem from my camera (Nikon d3200) to my PC (Windows 8.1)
Lightroom EXPORT not recognized by external programs
Where to focus when shooting landscapes?
How to open RAW photos?
Chromatic abberation or surface effect? (macro of dime)
When using a teleconverter on a Canon DSLR, what happens to EXIF data?
Cannot open RAW NEF files taken with my Nikon 5100 in Photoshop Elements 5
Is it dangerous to take pictures of the sun without any filter?
Which Canon zoom lens (24-105 f/4 or 24-70 f/2.8) for secondary lens for fashion shoots?
How do I get Canon EOS 5D Mark II RAW files using a USB cable and bypassing the EOS utility?
Canon Flash Slave: 550 or 430 ex ii
Is there an inverse function which will return an HDR picture to its original?
When to choose in-camera HDR mode versus Exposure Bracketing?
Full Frame Vs Crop Frame
How do I move deleted photos?
Has D600 AF fine tune option? Can I fix backfocus of my lens on D600?
Why Focus Assist activating in full outdoor light on my Canon EOS Rebel?
Noise comparison for sensors the D800 vs the D600
Corrupt or broken CR2 file?
What focal length and quality of lens do I need to read 15cm high text at 500m away?
What makes the Zeiss Otus 1.4/55 so special?
How to photograph a person that sits inside a car in daylight?
What is the precise definition of SNR, as used by DxOmark?
How to reorganize folders into dated folders for picasa
What is equivalent focal lenght to Canon Sx50s at 50x zoom for a dslr lens?
What name would you give to this blending effect?
How do you judge the build quality of a lens?
What is the Zeiss Planar T* 50mm lens?
Pentax K-30 + Metz 52 AF 1 as off-camera slave
How to mount a circular ND filter in front of the ND graduated filter?
How can you limit the output of black and whites in Lightroom?
Lightroom deletion workflow
How do I convert focal length to maximum distance?
Can not display "shooting information" anymore on EOS 20D!
How can I use a Canon EOS-1d with Windows 7, since Canon utilities aren't available?
Shadowless product photography
Thread size and filter diameter
Does there occur any filtering in making merge-to-HDR picture?
How exactly is the deeper bit-depth of RAW mapped onto JPEG and the display?
Tricking compact's camera autofocus
Canon 24-70mm 2.8f - Optimal aperture for sharper pictures
What to consider when choosing a memory card?
How can I colorize a black and white photo using colors from a similar photo?
What is the color shift between Alien Bees b800 and Elinchrom Rx 600 lights?
Substitute Samsung Note 3 Cam for SLR for Product Shots for eCommerce?
How do automatic cameras know the right depth of field?
How to find lens information from image metadata?
Is it possible to get a lens that will capture both far away and very close-by objects?
How to take photos of snow crystals?
Does Photoshop 7 support RAW file format?
How to open 'RAW' file from UltraCam-Xp WA camera?
Determining lag between pushing the button & taking a shot
When the batteries are fully discharged, the lens does not get in!
What happens if I press the film rewind button early?
Lumia 1020 with a camera grip mounted on a tripod - will it shake when I press the shutter?
About the 1.6x crop factor on a crop body
Tips for shooting playing cards?
Were the snowflake photos said to be taken with a compact camera + reversed SLR lens really taken that way?
Can I revert 'Color Sketch' mode on a Nikon camera?
Why is my new Panasonic Lumix 35-100/2.8 lens making strange sounds?
What improvements I could expect upgrading from Canon EF 55-250mm IS to a Canon 70 - 300mm?
Can you use a EF-S lens on a full frame camera with an extension tube?
What is ideal distance to subject for head and shoulder portraits?
Do photography labs use RGB or CMYK for photo print processing?
Shaky image with soft edges Nikon lens. I dropped the lens
Is it possible to tether a D7000 to a smartphone?
Is the Canon 24-105mm f/4 lens weather sealed?
Why is my Canon T3i stuck saving to internal memory instead of the memory card?
Why am I getting a "lens not attached" message on my Nikon camera?
What do I do when my Nikon D7100 memory card access light remains on even when the camera is off and the camera does not function?
Black fuzzy spot on every photo (Nikon D40)
Can I use ProPhoto in 14 bits?
When do you not want to use continuous autofocus (C-AF)?
Who tells my camera which apertures my lens has
Photo management software
When a lens and camera are callibrated together, which is changed, and might other lenses be adversely affected?
Use remote flash trigger for remote shutter release
Preview the DOF result in a D5100 viewfinder?
Multiple instances or windows of Lightroom opened for photo reorganization
What is the proper way to convert digital picture from the RGB to CMYK so a print-shop can use that file in a color flyer, or magazine, etc?
Can I merge multiple photos to reduce noise?
Do I need a full-frame camera for low-light photography?
Which is a better focal length for fashion models on the runway: 50mm or 35mm?
How can I best photograph white powder so I can later cut it out of the background but keep natural shadows?
Does median blending / image stacking result in better or worse results than a long exposure?
How to clean a multi-coated filter and not damage it?
How do I turn off the BULB and LIVE TIME mode of my OLYMPUS OM-D EM-5?
What is the importance of Depth of Field preview?
Why is flash TTL metering independent from ambient light metering?
With the advantages of an AF-ON button, why don't all DSLRs have one?
How to become citizen journalist and get paid?
Why will low-end Nikons not meter with old lenses?
Is HDR more important on a phone camera than a standalone camera?
To get a main to fill lighting 3 to 1 ratio you divide your main f/ number by 3?
Lightroom lens information incomplete for Sigma lenses
Multi-Image Meshing: Image Stitching an Array
what to do when canon powershot pictures are overexposed?
Compact for people in low light conditions and landscapes
Photo viewer for Windows that displays shutter speed/aperture/ISO?
Can my Nikon D800E do continuous shooting with different shutter speeds?
How do you disassemble chimera lightbank?
How can I mount a camera and a fieldscope to one tripod?
Nikon D70, can I use manual aperture ring without getting the FEE error?
How can I do automatic background subtraction with a reference image in Photoshop?
How can I open photos from Canon 550D in Photoshop CS5?
Why isn't my Canon Speedlite 580 working on my 5D Mark II?
Is this statement By Jim Zuckerman incorrect?
Why are relationships among flash and ambient expressed as percentages but among main and fill expressed as ratios?
What classes should I attend to start professional reportage photography?
What is the benefit of the sensor marker?
Why not expose for a cloudy day as a cloudy day?
How practical is shooting in lowlight without a viewfinder?
Managing multiple catalogs in Lightroom? Between external hard drive and laptop
Apply a modified camera profile when importing from a 5D-II to Lightroom
What is the Lightroom equivalent of setting the contrast to -2 in the camera?
Why is Lightroom 5 running crazy-slow?
Why does the sound seem different when taking picture in RAW vs JPEG?
Why does my Nikon camera get stuck when using A,M or S mode?
Is there a technique to increase saturation in high ISO?
If I paid for photography am I entitled to raw images?
Technique for a Trick Photograph(Transparent Hands over the Face)
How do I choose a telescope for space and planets photography?
Is RAW worth the effort if using simple editing tools (e.g. iPhoto)
What software can make collages which look like multiple Polaroids on a wall?
Science Fair Project Relating focus to pinhole size
What are the lens-mount benefits of mirrorless systems?
Are third party bundle deals worth it?
Canon 60D flash problem in low light
What causes the shadow at the bottom of this photograph?
Can I determine if an image was captured using Manual or Auto mode?
Why didn't I get bokeh with my 50mm f1.8?
Best settings for exactly synchronizing shutters? (Nikon D7000)
Nikon lens adaptor for Sigma f/4.5 70-210mm
Are there portable cameras optimized for documentation?
Is it a bad idea to activate lens-corrections in camera, when also use lens-correction in Lightroom?
What is the difference between Digital Blending & HDR technique
How to create smart collections in Lightroom for hierarchical keywords?
What causes and how can I avoid this moiré pattern in a composite night sky photograph?
automatically process raw files
How to capture multiple (action) exposures of someone in a single image?
What is the filter size for Nikon D5100 with 18-55mm lens kit?
Transferring pics from my Fujifilm XF1 to mac and iPad
What should I look for in a projector being used for photography?
How do I know how much light will be needed for a given film speed, shutter speed, and aperture?
Is there a good way to manage and store RAW photo files to the cloud?
Sony A7R Noise compared to Nikon D800/E Sample Explanation
Why does the appearance of RAW files change when switching from "lighttable" to "darkroom" in Darktable?
Which should be the next upgrade?
Why does the Canon G7 allow faster shutter speed settings only at slower apertures?
Can my dSLR add a signature or watermark without post-processing?
Compare Canon 16-35mm II and 14mm II in terms of image quality
Canon 5D Mark I OSX Tethering
A/D conversion, processors marketed less actively than sensor characteristics?
Would any high-end, large sensor compact (eg RX100 II) be a better investment than a small interchangable camera (eg Lumix GM1)?
What should I do when I have lenses with different filter thread sizes?
Galaxy tab 2 doesn't recognize Canon EOS Rebel T2i
Is there an international database for stolen camera and lenses?
How to move photos from Android phone to Lightroom wireless?
Will metering from a DSLR apply to a film SLR?
What camera for astrophotography
Is it possible to control aperture when using a mount-adapter?
Import tags/keywords into picasa
How can I correct AutoPano's stitching?
How can I prevent my Canon Rebel from resetting Shoot by Ambience, Lighting, or Scene Type to default on shutdown?
How to tell if a film camera is actually making shots?
How to relate a photo filter transmittance function to a digital image colors?
How do I remove a signature from a photo?
How to sync camera settings across different bodies?
How to remove Nikon strap rings with plastic covers?
Canon 50mm F1.4 focus problems
Does sharpness decrease with higher F-stop numbers?
suggestions to upgrade my DSLR
How much does a drop in temperature affect focus?
Can I use the Gretag Macbeth i1 to calibrate monitors on OSX?
Copy keywords into description exif
Why am I unable to capture as many stars as I can see with my eyes with my new DSLR?
What is the difference between Nikkor D type and G type lenses?
Do you lose data when creating a lenticular print?
Calibrating printer with third party ink
What are the best lens options for Street photography for Sony alpha mount
Which is the best version of Helios 44 series 58mm f/2 M42 mount lens
Changing grid-color of Cropping tool of Lightroom
Can old film lenses like Tamron be used with modern DSLRs?
When should I use exposure compensation?
Does a marketplace exist to offer specific photography jobs?
Is a used Nikon D600 at risk of problems with oil splashing?
How to price my photos to be used on someone else's website?
Is there a teleconverter to go between Sony Alpha A77 D and Tamron 70-200 f2.8 (with Sony mount)?
What Polaroid instant film type is this?
Is there an affordable ultra-wide-angle lens for the NEX?
Should I postpone buying a zoom lens until I've learned to zoom with my feet?
Does super-sampling produce good results?
How can I use control over the aperture to take better photos?
Are Manfrotto Q6 Plates Compatible with Acratech GP-ss Ball-Heads?
slow glass vs. fast glass
Practical difference between TTL and flash sensor
Canon 6D resetting folders on card format - a way to stop this?
Convert RGB camera to infrared, but 3 channels not just 1?
How to set continuous shooting on Canon 60D while using Canon remote RC-6?
Why does our Canon PowerShot A1400 keep resetting to "L" resolution?
Can I build my own focal reducer by reversing a teleconverter?
Is there a word for the point where the optical axis meets the ground plane in a scene?
Should I convert ARW to DNG?
Should I buy an electronic viewfinder?
What is the practical purpose of a Custom Function setting to swap the half-press shutter button and the AE lock button operation?
Why do some umbrellas have black cover instead of silver?
Best practice in charging batteries before an event?
Quick-Release Plate Materials
Questions about prints from Snapfish/Shutterfly
JPG Images recovered immediatelly after deleting from SSD, but 95% of files can't be opened
What gear do I need to trigger off camera Nikon speedlights from Sony NEX6?
Is there an easy way to use my binoculars as a telephoto lens?
What is the difference between f/6 in dx and fx lens?
Is it normal for autofocus to produce blurry photos under low light?
Is this fungus or dust on my lens?
Color space encoding vs Color image encoding
Cheaper alternatives to high wattage HMI fresnels for photography?
When you shoot flash through an umbrella, does it change the color of the flash light?
What lens hood will fit Canon 80-200 f/4.5-5.6 (original)?
Was there a film camera that was silent?
How does photography (as opposed to physics) define "focal-plane"?
How to correct perspective and geometric distortion?
Can I filter by autofocus in Lightroom?
Can I ask Lightroom to delete copied photos from the SD card?
What shutter speed to use for indoor karate without flash?
Add Image Geolocation
How can I achieve this cartoon-like effect?
What would look better - reduce the size of image and print with lower DPI or increase the DPI instead?
How do I determine the actual calibrated specifications of a Holga?
Why does my point-and-shoot take hazy photos?
Is this xray fogging on my film? Or something else entirely? (with examples)
How to do a long exposure with a Nikon D60
How to recreate Japanese eco-friendly style photos?
Are third party battery grips good enough?
How to achieve a multiple merged photograph
2 Images, same object: tone difference and alignment
How to make a glass bottle glass look like glass?
Why are the trees in this long exposure night shot red?
How is a Bulb mode enabled for a Canon EOS 70D?
What is causing the strange lighter circles in images taken with my Canon 15-85?
How does low-light conditions affect color quality?
What is the practical purpose of a lens hood if any?
Are older Hasselblad H series cameras worth investing in?
How can I add geotagging information to aerial photos?
What is sharpness vs. clarity in photo editing software?
Why does my Neewer external flash take a long time to recharge?
Would a bigger Gorillapod help?
What am I losing by going with a Gorillapod rather than a traditional tripod?
Is it convenient to build a collection of prime lenses and forgo a zoom entirely?
How can I capture blurry movement and freeze a subject in the same photograph?
What's the difference between point and shoot camera brands?
How can i get AF confirmation working with Samyang 500mm f/6.3 with dandelion chip?
How to stop built-in flash from pre-flashing?
Long exposures: Gorillapod or Beanbag for support?
How do I attach the Gorillapod to provide the best stabilization in different stituations?
Is it possible to recover original content from an edited image file?
UV-coated vs non-UV-coated flash tube/dome - UV eye hazard?
With a budget of £500 max what would be the best camera and lens I could purchase for head shots?
OM-D M5 Firmware update does not install
Sharpening for Collage printing: individual images or once for the whole thing?
Where can I get a replacement battery door for a Sony NEX camera?
How to do a selective color adjustment in RawTherapee?
Color correction by a reference image, or How to compare images and generate color lookup table?
Is there an index of all Micro Four-Thirds lenses?
Can I be required to delete a photo from my phone?
Why are OVF and Liveview focus dots in different locations in my Nikon D800?
Why is zoom avoided in large sensor compacts?
How do I display my work on the cheap?
How to create this early sun look?
Check Image Stabilizer function
How do I achieve this very bright and clear portrait look?
How can I match light levels in a composite / panorama astronomy photo?
Is deleting pics from memory card in camera dangerous?
How does wedding photographer post-process to achieve this rich detailed + high contrast portrait look?
How do i select right exposure?
Can photos from a mediocre zoom be made as sharp as a prime lens in post-production?
How to calculate stops for a Watt based strobe?
What's the formula for f-stop equivalence between different sensor sizes?
Do Lightroom lens correction profiles for Contax G lenses (e.g. 90/2.8) exist?
Does the quality of a UV filter make a difference when used with a cheap lens?
How to remove mold from an antique camera box?
What does fixed EXIF mean?
Correct flash zoom level for small diffuser box?
onboard flash and external flash, flashing at the same time
Did the Canon Raw format change in 70D?
How do I compare two prime lenses of different focal lengths?
Can I get better results from my Panasonic Lumix DMC SZ1 in low light?
How to capture sunset sky with a low-end point and shoot camera?
Why Live view slaps the mirror back down when you take the shot as oppossed to leaving it up and actuating shutter curtain?
Does sensor size dictate lens size with all other things equal?
How to take product shots on a green screen background?
How to troubleshoot LCD problem in a Canon Powershot G12?
What's the best light for viewing photos?
What is the most versatile lens for the Sony NEX-6?
Suggestion for home studio lighting equipment/set up for ghosting(invisible mannequins) garments/product photography?
why is a compact sensor brighter than a APS-C size sensor
How can I improve my low light sports photography with Nikon D90 and lenses 70-200 2.8, 50 1.4?
Camera or lens damage after dropping my Canon 7D?
How to create such kind of lighting? (pics inside)
How can I improve the dull colors in my product photography?
What is the reference plane used when the minimum focus distance is measured?
How can I tag my photos with electric compass info giving direction my camera was facing?
Are there digital cameras that allow user apps?
How can I use my camera to display arbitrary JPEG images from my PC in a slideshow?
Best under $1000 DSLR camera
Does the subject's face have too much red tint?
Why do pictures of fire come out purple?
What kind of lens are used in mobile phones?
How do I calculate equivalent focal length from field of view?
How do I blend a digital texture into a photo to give a canvas or rough paper effect?
What might make focus points blurred/gone from viewfinder on Canon T2i after cleaning?
Can extension tubes be used to zoom in in pinhole / zone plate photography?
Does pixel size make a difference in image quality?
D3100 vs D3200 Image Quality both set to 12MP
What is this plastic clip on that came on the leg of my tripod?
Why does every digital camera save photos in a directory called DCIM?
How do I see an image comment added on a Nikon camera once I download a picture?
How do I photograph the sunset without damaging my camera?
Can I manual adjust focus after half shutter press?
70-300 vs 55-200 for a Nikon D3200
Nikon D5100 not getting battery power after being dropped?
what is the canon 18-55mm IS lens good for?
What options or solutions exist for photographers who have to use glasses?
How do I get my Canon 60D to use short shutter speeds with flash in Av mode?
At what distance from the lens will the image be in focus given a subject distance and focal length?
What can cause different aberration on left side and right side of photo?
Nikon D5100 half bright-half dark image with horizontal thin black line
What does AF -0.5 EV sensitivity mean? Or -3EV in Canon 6D's case?
What is the difference in purpose between a focal plane shutter and a leaf shutter on a camera?
Am I correct that photos from the 16-50 lens won't be much better than cropping photos from the 35mm prime?
Are superzoom lenses really so bad?
Why is micro 4/3 autofocus so much faster than DSLR live mode focus?
Is it possible to DIY adjust the focus ring distance scale of a lens?
What flash guide number do I need to underexpose a "sunny" background?
Software to stabilize timelapse images
Fashion Photography Lightning Tips (Location - Ad Hoc - Portable)
What mount would fit a bare 50mm diameter, 2mm thick filter?
How can I protect my camera from the snow?
What settings, especially shutter speed, should I use for stage performances?
When scanning a printed photo, the resulting file is of less quality or resolution than the original?
How to calculate the optimal pinhole size?
You have two rooms to build your photography skills, measuring about 12 x 12 feet and 9 x 8.8 feet. What lens/lenses would you buy and why?
How do I compose photos with prime lenses?
Why are my Lightroom 5 backups freezing?
Can I trick the Pentax K1000's meter to "turn off"?
Is there a free tool that can set the file time to match the camera time in jpg meta data?
Is this a real photo of NYC?
Capturing large monuments and landscapes
Konica Omega Rapid Viewfinder usage
Does a deeper photosite increase the dynamic range?
What are the main limiting factors for dynamic range in modern cameras?
Non-genuine remote shutter release locks for too long: is it common issue?
How can I do astrophotography with my 70-300mm lens?
Why don't sensors have a wider aspect ratio?
What is the benefit of a vari-angle LCD monitor on a camera?
Why don't consumer interchangeable-lens cameras support two SD cards?
Why don't cameras support journaled filesystems?
How can I sync EXIF information when using a pre-saved PSD template?
Is the low-light advantage of larger sensors attributable to the sensor itself or to the larger aperture of the lenses?
Can I adapt a Sigma SLR lens made for Pentax K mount to a Nikon DSLR camera?
What are good settings to use for exposure bracketing?
Local lightroom catalog, photos on network share, but synchronize says 0 photos?
Fastest SD card for Pentax K-01?
How can this brightly colored yet gentle pastel-color effect be achieved?
Why is an electronic shutter not common in most SLR even though is so practical?
Why are fixed-aperture lenses not more popular?
Lightroom catalog location
Use Lightroom as a photo editor only, without catalogueing?
What advantages does the Canon EF-S 18-55mm III have over the IS II version?
Is it important to use a round number for ppi when printing?
What's the most technically advanced raw photo editor?
Why can't my newer cameras focus on my hands and something behind them at the same time?
What are good ways to take pictures of wooden furniture?
Is there a human factor involved in the quality of photo prints when you take your pics to a photo-lab?
What's a good size/resolution for picture proofing?
Is there any practical difference between saving at 300ppi or 72ppi?
Why it is said that sharpening is always needed in digital pictures?
Is optical image stabilization a necessary feature for any lens?
Effect of Metering on Captured Image
Can I use a photograph on Facebook or elsewhere that I sold to an artist and are there any copyright infringements
What is special about the SENSOR in a Light-field camera?
Best lens choice for day time outdor shoot?
What can I do about Pentax superzoom 18-270 autofocus problems?
Are Canon extenders compatible with non-Canon lenses?
How is f-stop a measure of dynamic range?
When does "photography" become "digital art"?
Mamiya 645AF *not* Digital: Can A Digital Back Be Attached?
Rog Walker / Street Etiquette Style - How to get their style of editing
How do I reduce noise in a sequence of photos of the same subject over time?
How much does noise reduction let me increase ISO without a visible decrease in quality?
What happens if I print an image 10x15 if it was cropped 18x13?
How to film translucence and light?
What's wrong with portrait orientation?
How to stop images coming out in black and white in any manual or semi manual modes on my Nikon DSLR?
Large red stripes in negative scan
How can I achieve this style where the subject isn't blurred but bright lights will be light-painted?
Style with dim background, warmer tones and subject being almost the only light-emitter?
Bleed & Trim Area for LR
How to fix blurry pictures taken with sony digital camera
How do I decide what lenses I will need for a trip to New Zealand?
How best to repair water damage
What is the right lens for photographing the northern lights?
Will Canon Cameras fit all Canon lenses?
How can I compare the lens serial number from the EXIF of a picture, to the serial on my lens?
Can I make a Nikon AF Nikkor 50mm 1:1.4D auto focus on a Nikon D3100?
do presets affect sharpness and contrast of raw files?
How to capture a small red light?
Can the soft focus effect be created by slightly throwing the image out of focus?
Lossy, linear, 8-bit DNG colorspace technical explanation?
How to know the F-Stop in a Webcam?
How do I adjust the depth of an anaglyph 3D image?
Compensating for Focus Shift?
Which lenses show focus shift?
Why is the center of image smudged with magenta/white at a small aperture?
How can I wake my Canon EOS 1100D up from computer?
What kind of filters might have been applied to these photos?
Will a higher-amperage USB charger let me fast charge a Nikon battery?
Should adjusting Flash Compensation automatically adjust Exposure Compensation in Aperture Priority mode?
Canon: Setting exposure compensation in M mode?
How do I configure flash groups on the EOS 70D with Yongnuo YN-622C transceivers?
Use Nikon D3100 in snow
Battery for Nikon CoolPix L26
What are best practices for documenting photography gear for theft or post-sale protection?
How can I attach a tripod to my backpack (Lowepro fastpack 350)?
Is it possible to convert RAW to M-RAW or S-RAW after shooting?
Using a diffuser actually made the lighting worse?
Can a image have different XResolution and YResolution?
Which Polaroid Camera has been used here?
What is the purpose of the small meter behind window on a lens?
Which Canon focusing screens fit on the Canon 6D
Is there a good remote timer compatible with most Nikon and Canon (and Pentax and Sony) cameras?
Website to get ideas for trick photography
How to make female chest look bigger?
How to remove the halo created in HDR?
Troubleshooting lightroom and corrupted dngs
What is the relationship between focal length and shutter speed?
I would like to know what software was used to edit this photo?
What's a good software to combine all the frames in a video into a photo?
What does "maximum aperture" mean in a camera spec? Where can I get the full aperture range?
Is there a tool to check the file integrity of a series of images?
Transferring lightroom catalogue to a new computer
WiFi Data transfer problem with Nex 6
Nikon 300mm autofocus makes noise and stops working temporarily
How many different focal lengths and apertures does a typical lens correction profile in Lightroom consist of?
Does "!!!" have a special meaning in a Lightroom keywords file?
D700 not recognizing f-stop
How can I delete presets in Lightroom 3?
Controlled X Y Gantry - Systematic Photos to be stitched / tiled
Will there be any difference in photos taken using full frame and crop lenses on a crop camera?
Will it harm my DSLR if I keep it on for a period of several years?
Should I always use point-autofocus and spot metering while shooting a small restless bird in a bush?
Why do I see focus less accurately in my DSLR's viewfinder and screen with old lenses?
Why can't my DSLR with kit lens focus on objects close to the lens?
Nikon D3100 Won't Take Photo -- says light is too low
How can I get rid of a black dot in a picture?
How to denoise a dark photo with extremely high ISO?
Photo stitching software
How does lens-hoods for pancake lenses work? (Canon EF 40mm with ES-52)
Do colors in photographs depend on ambient temperature?
Is A mode a good idea when trying to take low-light photos of people?
What kind of darkroom fan will fit in a window
Very dark violet on black - what kind of damage is that?
What kind of lens do I need for low-light portraits for an Nikon D5100 camera?
How to eliminate the the light edge after turning part of the picture into black&white? (Selective-color)
Where can I find a canonical list of the latest firmware for Canon cameras?
Restoring Lightroom photo metadata from a backup
Is there a digital body that will let me use analog Zeiss T* MM lenses lenses from a Contax 167MT?
As a photography beginner, should I spend more on a lens or settle for a low end model?
Which terms accurately describe the lens mount on a Canon 7?
Are there predefined profiles in Darktable to instantly give RAWs some necessary punch?
What is it called when you intentionally expose a film negative during development?
How to take a "bird's eye view" of a product at home?
Which adapter should I buy to adapt this Heiwa tripod, to attach my camera?
Are superzoom cameras practical/useful when photographing nature?
Adjust exposure compensation in manual mode?
How to install an action camera bullet hd jet gt on a magicwork helmet?
Why doesn't my camera have lens corrections for my new lens?
Buying my first off-camera light. Flash or always on-light?
What do I need to use a Nikon charger in power outlets when traveling in Europe?
Is this rather high resolution possible to achieve?
Lightroom Import - how to exclude .thumbnails folder
Can I use these old lenses from DVT vision systems on modern cameras?
Yellowing effect on Canon Rebel
Why aren't devices with two cameras more popular?
What is the cheapest Macro lens I could get for my Canon 600 D?
Can I embed existing JPEG's into DNG's as a preview?
What compromises are there shooting DX lenses on an FX camera?
Disadvantages of always setting flash sync to 1/320s (Auto FP)?
Where can I find Camera Raw for offline installation for Mac?
Why is the Tamron 150-600mm lens so cheap?
Canon macro lens 100 mm 2.8 USM - How to properly mount on tripod
How to photograph a toddler
How do I choose a camera for macro photography without considering special lens?
Does autofocus work better with f/2.8 lenses vs f/4 or slower?
Why are there no rotatable sensors instead of grips for portrait photography?
Looking for a unique handwriting font for photos
What "influences" the ISO sensitivity of the camera?
How does the Sony SEL 16mm F2.8 compare to the 20mm F2.8?
Which camera is best in the beginning of photography?
How to lure an animal to look at the camera?
Should Minimum Focus Distance be high or low for better macro photography?
What's the difference between Sony NEX 5R and NEX 5T?
What are the true limitations of using the TC-17E II or TC-20E III on both telezoom and macro?
How to achieve clean landscape night photography editing
Create a track from gps data
How do I get the meter reading from a tethered Canon DSLR programmatically?
Lightroom 5. "Convert photo to DNG" then "Save metadata to file"?
rule of thirds difficulty to focus
Are there DSLRs that embed image stabilisation info in EXIF data?
What are some good examples of using ND filter with wide apertures?
Do professional event photographers commonly require payment in full before a shoot?
How do I get a Japanese 6D to display more than 3 menu language options?
Promaster Flash Module TTL on a Modern Canon DSLR
Is the image stabilization of Fuji X-S1 enough to make photos with largest zoom from hand?
How to recognize different lighting color temperatures?
When RAW files are converted to DNG, are any irreversible demosaicing happening or not?
How can I get 5 bracketed exposures with a D90 for HDR without screwing around?
Selective colour adjustment from brush in Lightroom possible?
What is Exposure value
Is there a well-known way to store a taxonomy hierarchy in XMP, IPTC or EXIF?
Why is my Canon 7D light sensor under-sensitive?
Can firmware upgrades significantly increase JPEG quality?
What cellphone is the best for photographs?
How do you find the nodal point of a lens?
How to get tack sharp portraits with shallow DOF when lacking an AF point where I want to focus?
Is it expected for the Nikon D5100 and Sigma 150-500mm mounting to be very tight?
How can I take portrait pictures like Apple's 30 years of Mac campaign?
What are the editing restrictions for sports/photo journalism?
Are there digital cameras with a RGBW sensor?
Protecting from sun when taking pictures
Unable to get sharp landscape picture
How useful is silica gel for protecting SLR cameras against condensation from changes in temperature?
What is the purpose of Quick Mode focusing in live view?
Are the focusing screens of the Canon 7D, 70D and 5D mark III really not replaceable by the user?
How can I get a trusted hash for a Nikon D3100 firmware update file?
Baby photo shoot lens selection
What Digital Asset Management software supports multi-user collaborative catalog management?
Can I use Darktable to export unmodified JPEGs without recompression?
Can I align images via manually-set control points?
Can I get iPhoto to fit photos to the screen?
What do I need to make a translucent, backlit background?
What is the typical post processing work flow for amateur photographers?
How can I erase objects with Lightroom (rather than Photoshop)?
sharpen blurred photo
Upgrading firmware of an EOS-1Ds with large CF-cards
What is the difference Focus mode and AF-Area mode?
Is the maximum CF capacity supported by EOS-1Ds really 8 GB?
What is the relationship between exif and xmp? Are they interchangeable?
Why does the live view switch off for a long time and my photo is of low quality when I take a picture in low light?
Images from digital camera can't be enlarged
Not getting 3 frames/sec on Rebel Xs
Was the background blur in this image done with a Petzval lens?
EOS-1v not compatible with non EF, manual lenses?
What is "north light", and how can I use it in my photographs?
How do I get 3 images to match the same colors (is it via color correction?)
How to backup my flash card without computer
How to photograph flat plastic in an "interesting" way to show off its properties?
How to photograph a paper-boat in the river?
LED vs Regular Bulbs in Cheap Lighting Kits
What's the difference between P mode vs. Av or Tv?
Can a broken CF card break a camera?
Why is the Canon SX510 HS so inexpensive?
Why don't DSLR camera specifications include a zoom ratio (e.g. 3x zoom) like compact cameras?
Adding flash makes picture darker. Why?
I have a Fujifilm HS25 EXR and its minimun aperture is F2.8. Is there a way of getting a lower aperture for my camera?
How does sensor size impact depth of field and diffraction for macro photography?
Which Nikon flash will cover the full focal length of a 18-300mm lens?
Achieving wireless + speedlight
How do you disable the built in mic in a T4i when going external?
Why are there no DSLR cameras with protective curtains for lens exchange?
Suggestions what I can do with 26 images of the same scene taking in different seasons
About Raw file format of Hasselblad H5D
Would the 40mm pancake or 50mm prime be better for street photography with a Canon APS-C camera?
Is there any software to batch align copies of a pictures?
Are there any resources or websites for finding areas which have low levels of light pollution at night?
Should I buy a dslr kit or body with separate lens?
How does dynamic range relate to white balance?
Body difference of D90 and D7100
Is there a program for removing purple fringing for Ubuntu?
What can I do with a 500W work light in terms of lighting?
How to prepare a photo for fundraising auction?
Is the remote controller adapter RA-E3 conversion cable sold outside the 60Da bundle?
Why doesn't the 1D series support RC units?
Is there a list of all the EOS cameras using the T3 vertical release?
Does the N3 socket/connector provide any advantage over the E3 counterpart?
What's the difference between DSC_ and RSC_ files?
How to cut an irregular pattern with proper transparency?
Any way to make Lightroom apply grain and sharpness after export/resize?
What is the best site/youtube to learning lighting for photography?
How can I remove shine from skin caused by the light with GIMP
Taking a portrait with both the sun and model visible. How to use my flash?
Display Color profiles: changing only yellow
Rearranging photos for time lapse
How can I convert images taken for a panorama as a hexagonal prism into an equirectangular image?
How to make a microscope with a DSLR camera?
How to produce nice looking analog (film) grain digitally with Photoshop or other applications?
What does a dynamic range difference of 2.7 EV really represent?
Are there any film cameras that rewind mid-film and the unwind it to the same position?
How to get pushed film (of lower sensitivity) hand inspected at airports?
My EFS 17-85 lens doesn't focus or click a picture
What is the difference between different Canon Speedlight transmitter ST-E3 model names?
Capturing astro photography with D7100
Canon 550EX and 600EX-RT compatiblity?
EF vs EF-S for a Canon 70D body?
Night photography settings
Are extra auto focus points expensive for the manufacturer?
Can lens coating be reapplied?
Can I use Wide Angle Lens converter for my existing lens Nikkor 35mm f1.8?
How can I easily remove duplicate images from multiple stacks?
How do I choose a zoom lens for Canon APS-C?
What is the best techniques to photograph large rugs?
Can red eye in only one eye be a sign of cancer?
What special properties does 18% gray color have in photography?
Panorama macro possible?
Will an ND filter lower flash output more than high speed sync?
How can I reset the history stack for many images at the same time in darktable?
Why doesn't wifi on canon 70D connect to my Android device?
What are Canon cameras actually doing when performing a low-level format?
Does a smaller sensor limit your choice of subject matter?
How to reduce Jupiter brightness in the photo?
Huge distortion with the 16mm lens
Depth of field: 28mm & crop vs 50mm & full frame
How to compare two different cameras in regard to a low light performance?
What limits the magnification of the viewfinder?
What kind of mount does this Chinon 70-210mm AF Zoon lens have?
Same Lightroom Catalog changes colour tone on different machines?
Why don't cameras provide you with DOF information?
How to tether sony a7 to lightroom
Why are my RAW format photos pink?
What metadata can I safely delete without affecting the appearance of an image?
FinePix S5700 reports memory full
How to take a photo of defects on a mirror?
Should I set the lens profile option in Lightroom If I already have the lens correction information on my Canon 6D?
Why do 3rd party lenses have compatibility issues?
Lightroom, same keyword multiple places in the hierarchy?
Why does my Samsung NX1000 zoom way in when manually focusing?
What is the constant sound that compact cameras make, but DSLRs don't?
Maximum resolution for component cable from video camera
What are the distinquishing features of 50mm prime lenses for Sony?
Removing movement between quick release plate and camera
Is it normal to have to take multiple photos to end with up one good one?
How can I photograph a reflective convex cylindrical trophy without reflections?
What are practical advantages of Compact cameras over DSLR?
Do flash gels affect flash output?
Why do some professional DSLRs have a lower dynamic range than the mid-range ones?
How can I see the size of a single slice?
Is this attempt to make lens measurements and focal lengths more intuitive correct?
What are the Yongnuo flash naming conventions?
What equipment should two very amateur photographers bring on a very short safari?
What is the filter size on the Canon PowerShot SX500 IS?
How do I take advantage of a tablet to compose better photos?
Why is Canon 60D considered 'better' than Canon 700D?
Effective zoom of Sony 55-210 lens (e-mount for NEX series camera)
Why the trend of faded vintage photography?
Is the megapixel count setting on a P&S digital camera real or a gimmick?
Are there any disadvantages to using a microSD card with an adapter as opposed to a SD card?
What camera defect would cause a shot to be exposed on one half of the frame and not the other?
Can I tether a Firewire only camera to a USB only computer?
Saving metadata in images vs. in an external database
Is there an extended-life battery for the Sony NEX-6?
Why does my DSLR stop recording video even with a fast (class 10) SDHC card?
What does the aperture range in a lens name mean?
Is RAW conversion with Google+ as good as Google claims?
Search large collection of images for exif tags without lightroom/aperture etc
Incomplete File
How can I copy all meta tags, other than the thumbnail, from a source jpg to a destination jpg?
5, 8, or 12MP setting best overall for Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS15, JPEG, 5x7 prints
If I save as RAW+JPG, which of the two is shown on the screen of a Canon 600D?
How come AF changes the way my flash works?
Darktable: Is it possible to select only modified images in Lighttable view?
Why is my Rebel XTi taking blurry photos?
Help with calculating resolving power
Noise in JPEG file after processing RAW file in photoshop
What are the differences between various types of film?
What would be the right way to shoot a portrait in a very dark room with flash?
Do the infrared photographs really contain infrared colors?
Why would someone practice free lensing?
Is there a way to avoid focus searching?
Is 50-200mm (APS-C) a good zoom range for a single lens for people, buildings, and distant objects?
Software/sollution for blending/morphing faces together
Flash not firing when in live view
Color-calibrating a 4K TV used as monitor
2 lenses came with my Nikon D3200, but no adapter. What do I need to buy to use these lenses?
How to remove spider veins from the white of an eye?
I want a point and shoot to take pictures inside an auditorium without a flash?
Using Canon PowerShot SX20IS 5-100.0mm for real-estate photography
Difference between what I see on LCD and final image
DIY Vignette Measuring
Should I shoot at the native aspect ratio of the sensor, or the desired aspect ratio of the final photo?
How to get fast access to RAW data from 3 different Macs?
Do Sony SLT sensors need protection from light when turned off?
What causes the image in the view finder to tilt when using manual focus with my Canon 18-135 IS lens?
Is a Sigma AF 28-80 an useful addition to a Nikkor 35-105 macro?
How can I get the colors right in this indoor architectural photo?
What is the name and type of cable needed to connect 2 or more strobes to a camera so all will go off simultaneously when clicking the shutter button?
How to remove or mask sweat spots on clothing in a photograph?
Do I need a polariser for winter sports?
What is the rule-of-thumb relation between megapixels and printout size?
Is there anything in medium format systems which can beat pro-level 35mm digital with fast lenses in low light?
Making a picture of the whole seamless circumference of a leg?
Pentaprism viewfinder and used "pro" gear - really better for manual lenses?
Perfect image quality for 7 foot ultra-hd screens, using PPI to cheat. Photoshop, help!
How to take a picture of a mobile phone or tablet in a hand effectively with or without post processing
How can I learn to SEE in order to take interesting street photographs?
Which special effects filter produces circular highlights?
How to do a flaming postprocessing effect?
Camera and lens for shooting furniture
In photoshop CS6, what are the main differences between the stamp tool and content-aware tool?
Why does Spyder4Pro calibration of Seiki Monitor look odd?
Low weight photography bag recomendation
Why am I having trouble getting sharp results with my new DSLR, compared to a point and shoot?
Is the Sensor Pixel size important for Image Quality?
Do mirrorless cameras focus less or more accurately than SLRs under low light?
Exact specification of N1-CL1 Nikon Closeup lens
How to force Photoshop (CC) not to stick to the edges of the image in crop tool mode
Focusing on hyperfocal distance with Nikkor 35mm f/1.8G prime lens
Using schlieren photography to visualize sound propagation
How do I recover files from SD Card that went from one camera to another?
Why is my P&S camera producing photos with a wrong exposure and a screen-like striping?
How can I remove color cast created by a defective scanner?
How can I easily tell if a cellphone camera sensor or lens is damaged?
Do cine lenses have any significant advantages for still photography?
Using bulb mode with EOS Remote app without having to hold down shutter button possible?
What is the use of printer profiles when softproofing?
How do I set up off-camera flash for wedding receptions?
How to properly color calibrate a 27 inch iMac monitor (OS X Mavericks)?
Shooting objects under glass with pop-up flash
How do I keep my tripod mounted camera steady in strong winds?
Canon 5D Mk II shoots only at 2.1 FPS burst instead of 3.9 claimed, why?
Does the quality of images from a small sensor improve significantly year-to-year?
Is there a need for Camera RAW in photoshop if you have Lightroom?
Can I save multiple Lightroom virtual copies (the whole stack) in a single DNG file?
What company makes video tripods with an oval logo containing a (not exactly Nike-like) "swoosh" curve?
Can Sony's Image Data Converter do anything Lightroom can't do?
How do I see the full dynamic range RAWs capture?
Can edits from multiple photo editing programs be saved in the same DNG?
Photo Editing guide for gimp
How to select a light meter?
Why are medium format cameras considered superior?
What is a good approach to photographing the Northern Lights with a Canon 60D and kit lens?
Will there be any differences which affect photography when running Windows on a Mac?
Import a couple hundred images and place them side-by side in photoshop
How to fix the exposure of a snow scene which came out gray?
What is happening in the sensor when you change the ISO?
Nikon D600 - shot raw but ended up with 2x JPG
What kind of technique used here to blend background with foreground?
Why is giving clients RAW files such a sensitive matter among photographers?
Should I shoot in RAW format to get lighter and sharper images?
How can I take better class photos for a school magazine, indoors under fluorescent light?
Photo of an experiment
Better to buy an older high-level camera or newer entry-level camera?
Viewers that output to 30-bit monitors?
What is a pragmatic and usable fps burst rate on a digital P&S?
What would be the correct way to place strobes to photograph a group of 10 or 12 people in a row?
Custom Background - In SLRs
Wide angle with low F stop number (eg.F2.8) in relate to depth of field
Storing camera body with lens attached or just the body alone with body cap in dry cabinet? which is better?
Can I make real tilt-shift 2D photos from 3D Photos?
Do focus area modes matter if shooting in manual focus?
canon 6d or 5d II for macro?
Is there an advantage to either the Nikon D3200 or D3300 in cold weather?
How to best prepare, print, and display night photos?
How to disable Fujifilm X-M1 screen?
Does a larger sensor resolution increase the difficulty of shooting hand-held?
What to look for in a wide angle lens?
What are the downsides of converting FD(n) lenses to EF mount?
Why are digital cameras said to suffer more from chromatic aberration than film cameras?
How relevant are the DxOMark scores and tests?
How is depth-of-field affected on micro format cameras?
Are there any accessories that can protect my camera from high voltage flash guns?
How is the warm soft quality of photos like this created without impeding the sharpness?
Is the formula for object image size given focal length, etc. independent of sensor size?
Lens rental opportunities in the US
How can I get two Nikon Speedlight flashes perfectly synced in stroboscope mode?
Looking for suggestions for an wide angle lens for Nikon FX
Why do breathtaking views turn into "boring" photos, and how can I do better?
Gather Date taken of photos and make a timeline plot
How can I get consistent backgrounds when shooting white objects on white background?
Is there any application for PC/Desktop like for mobile phones, that allows sorting by map/cities/time?
Why doesn't my fisheye adapter gives fisheye distortion on my APS-C DSLR?
Customising Additional Keys for Lightroom
Will the Yongnuo YN560III flash work with Olympus E500?
Astrophotography without a Star Tracker
Do extension tubes enhance magnification on a 105mm macro lens?
How can I get the top people of a camera brand to listen to a design idea I have?
How do the Sigma flashes compare to (and work with) Canon flashes on Canon bodies?
Is it possible to turn off the GPS on the 6D when its main switch is set to off?
Ming Thein's Ultraprint: the megapixel race reloaded?
Corrupted photos
Suggestions for workflow for organizing light room library
Lightroom: Rate all images on import without losing the rating set in camera
Why isn't my Canon RC-6 remote control working with my Canon 550D?
Is it possible to extract a JPEG that has been converted into DNG?
What happens to image after opening from ACR to PS?
Why does my Nikon D5100 suddenly have a 30-60 seconds delay before auto focus starts working?
Does Lightroom take advantage of RAW files?
Why does changing the aperture cause lag in live view and in videos?
Is the Deflector Plate recommended when using a Westcott Rapid Box with the cover on?
Does the wide-angle diffuser on a flash help reduce hotspots when used in a small softbox?
Why do my tiff files balloon in size when saved with 1 adjustment layer?
How to use fixed power flash (strobes) units?
Is it possible to record private comments in LR5?
Do iPhoto and Picasa let me view photos at a 1:1 pixel ratio?
Lightroom Crashes on Launch
Can you specify which metadata to export in Lightroom other than the few standard selections?
Does wide angle equivalent in crop sensor skew image?
Can I buy a direct upgrade from Lightroom 3.5 to Lightroom 5?
What is the name of the part that goes between a camera strap and eyelet?
How could some old film cameras without electronics set exposure?
Are there any downsides to using white printer paper as background for product photography?
Hand painted Coca-Cola logo on old garage
Is it good to buy Canon 18-135mm lens?
Is it better to have light come from the left side?
How can I whiten my background, without whitening the subject or modifying subject colours?
algorithm deflickering timelapse shots?
How to test the autofocus system before asking for support?
What's the best bang for your buck to improve low light portrait shots: Lens, Flash or Body?
How to capture a 'shockwave' from an explosion?
How can I capture the true colors of my reef aquarium?
Does a large black area in live view mean my camera is terminally broken?
What third party flashes can be remotely controlled from an Olympus?
How to erase ALL metadata associated with an image?
What is the part of the tripod head which attaches to the quick-release plate called, so I can find replacements/alternatives?
If shooting in RAW and processing, why still care about WB?
Why don't cameras have autofocus points in the edges and corners?
How to automatically apply a Lightroom Preset based on appropriate (Canon) Picture Style on import
Other than speed and weight, what advantages might a prime lens have over a zoom at the same focal length?
Why human eye doesn't exhibit aberrations?
Increase photo resolution by taking a high-res photo of the photo?
Same mfg process = same performance in FF vs. cropped sensor?
Will using a CTO gel help make my flash less distracting in a cafe?
Camera that works like a webcam to take transfer images to a computer (but faster)
Why do Daminion photo previews off the local drive take a long time to appear?
How do you develop 'creative taste' in order to take a good photo?
How do I make sample photos for cameras/lenses?
Is the Panasonic Leica Summilux DG 25mm f/1.4 as good as the name implies?
Should I switch from D300s to D700?
Do low ISO photographs need Long Exposure Noise Reduction?
Photographing suits and other dark woolens?
How do you use Snapshots feature in Adobe Lightroom?
Can film be considered to have infinite resolution as opposed to digital sensors?
How do I photograph a server room / datacenter floor in a unique way?
Why can't I find the flash settings menu on my Canon 5d Mark II anymore?
Can you take a picture of a faded docket and see the details again in computer?
Naming of filters and effects
How to Copy Lightroom Preferences?
Camera System for an enthusiast
Canon T3i: Why would shots I took be missing on the card?
HDR with movement
Best and cheapest lenses for wildlife photography?
Why am I unable to see my photos on my laptop?
How is the quality of the Sigma 18-300 DC Macro lens?
What Canon full-frame lens should I get for product photography, toddler portraiture and travel photography?
How to create sophsticated aquarelle-style image from a photograph, like the Waterlogue app?
Differences between canon 17-85mm and 18-55mm
Is there an advantage to choosing the Big Two (TM) entry level dSLRs over competititon?
Canon 6D self-timer triggered by the IR wireless remote. Is it possible?
Wide aperture in low-light results in muddy image on Powershot G16?
Powershot G16: fast bracketing for handheld?
How do I prevent file naming restarts on Nikon D5200?
Why does raising ISO make image quality appear lower even though my measurements suggest it shouldn't?
Do I need an adapter to mount a Sigma lens to a Canon Rebel Ti3?
Camera displaying "subject is too dark" message when live view turned off
Why doesn't my Sigma lens autofocus if the subject is initially way out-of-focus?
Does using an extender actually change the aperture of the lens?
Is there any alternative to the Canon Mount Adapter EF-EOS M?
How can I increase the battery life of my SLR?
Can Bridge or Photoshop print multiple photos automatically?
How to edit panorama images taken with landscape mode with different shutter speeds?
Flickr: Same photo multiple permissions
Memory card recovery software?
How to calculate the focal length for old lenses (m42 or m39) mounted on Sony Nex?
What does the pentaprism/pentamirror do?
What low-cost non-fisheye wide angle lenses are available for Canon and how do they compare?
IS auto-shutdown causes SLR to stop detecting lens - Canon 70-200 2.8L IS MK I
Memory Card Cannot be Accessed
Is there a Nikon F to Sony E/FE lens adapter?
How can I display a ghost image of the last photo in Live View on a Canon camera?
Are there any method for automatically detecting dust on silver halide based film?
Are bad reviews of the Sony E 16-50mm f/3.5-5.6 pancake kit zoom reason to avoid the system?
How to compare the speed of lenses taking transmission into account?
Fuji X100s: Why are high ISO settings (>6400) only available in JPEG and not in RAW?
Is the Nokia Lumia 1020 a suitable replacement for my aging Canon G3?
Sony Alpha 7 - Tripod and IS Damage?
How to automatically crop to a rectangle after creating panorama from unaligned images?
What are these strange lines on images from my Fujifilm FinePix F850EXR?
Is it bad to mimic other photographers to compensate the lack of one's creative skills?
Where can I find B&W film for an Imperial Satellite 127 camera?
What does fast/normal/slow mean for Pentax auto-iso?
Why is my camera metering indoor scenes as darker than I expect, forcing me to use a high ISO?
How to photograph an adult and a child together such that the adult doesn't dominate the scene?
Can I modify a Logitech C615 webcam for infinity focus?
I have acquired an old Minolta Freedom Dual point-and-shoot. What ISO does it shoot at?
Match color temp, white balance of 2 JPEG
Might future advances in sensor technology reduce or eliminate noise?
Photo stretched at corners?
Manually set numbering on Nikon D7000
How does using a 2x teleconverter with 70-200 f/2.8 affect use?
What are the pixel needs for huge prints?
Are the accounts of Canon 7D images getting less sharp after a lot of video shooting true?
Nikon focus confirmation with manual lenses
How can I find all sets of photos taken on the same date across years
How to configure the camera to capture true colors of ambient light?
How does a camera implement different white balance modes?
Will a Nikon lens work on a Sony compact camera?
how to capture the details of a face?
Will the vibrations of a motorcycle be harmful to a DSLR?
How can you photograph backlit scenes without getting lens reflections/flare?
What can cause massive overexposure on a Canon PowerShot A470?
How can I minimize distortion in my panorama if I don't have a panorama tripod?
What's with these petal-shaped lens hoods?
Adobe Lightroom - Add multiple keyword to one photo and not have it move out from filtering
What camera & lens combinations are ideal for animal photography
Small bedroom studio, what type of lighting for portraits?
Is there a way to determine if photo was taken at sunrise or sunset?
Adobe Lightroom - how to sort large amount of photos in an effective way?
What's the safest camera position in a camera bag?
Is there a budget fish-eye for Pentax Q system?
Where did the horizontal bands come from?
How do I choose a lens to photograph the Milky Way?
Can I safely trigger a Speedotron D1204LV power pack with a Pocket Wizard Plus III?
Why do landscape photos with large apertures have dark corners?
Should deleted old catalog after merging two old catalog into new in abode lightroom?
Distinguish between original and photo-shop
How do I find a right flash not to get red eyes?
How to compose outdoor group shoots to balance the subjects and the background?
Nikon 16-85 VR focus noise problem?
Green dot inside the viewfinder always blinks in manual mode in my D5200. Is this normal?
Minimizing harsh shadows when photographing big things?
Merge HDR using layers
Will I damage the command dial on my D5200 if I rotate it quickly?
Adobe Lightroom - How to change metadata to make sorting in folders work?
How long should Olympus EP-5 warranty repair take?
Is light the only difference? Or does the camera and lens make all the difference?
How would a mobile phone with external zoom lens compare vs DSLR?
What do you call a photo session that involves youth & erotica?
How can I vertically shift a Tilt-Shift lens in vertical (portrait) position?
CMYK vs RGB - Can a DSLR take CMYK images?
Spectral lines emulation
Beginner photography - Low end DSLR vs mid/high end Point and Shoot/P&S?
basic settings for good result in Nikon P510 coolpix
Lightroom 5 Autotone without Exposure adjustment?
What can cause dark photos at high shutter speeds?
Nikon 55-200mm or 50mm
Can I activate the sensor without triggering the shutter such that a dark frame is taken?
Is the Nikon 55-200mm f/4-5.6 a good lens for sports and wildlife photography?
Why do depth of field calculators show *more* DOF for larger formats with the same lens parameters?
What do I need in a lens for studio portrait photography?
When should the negative space not be used to bring attention to a subject?
How can I fix this brighter part in the middle of people forehead?
What is the blue circle in this moon image?
Are regular external HDDs durable enough to be taken in a photo bag?
Why does the colour change after opening a raw file to edit in Photoshop CS6?
I can't get my new 580ex ll external flash unit to work on my 60D
How to do the same crop on a batch of photos?
Wedding Photography Pricing
Are the terms 'push' and 'pull' relevant/applicable to digital photography?
How do I copy selection from one color layer (let's say - Red) to another?
Can you mount lenses from a Canon T70 on an EOS 550D body?
What is the difference or relation between a Color Model and a Color Space?
Low cost external shutter for controlling shutter speed
Capable point and shoot for travelling?
Is there a self-timer mode on the GoPro Hero 3+?
Nikon 55-300 VR lens vs other Nikon zoom lens
How do I take flattering photos of people with acne (scarring)?
How was this 360° panoramic photo taken?
Where to fix Canon lens, other than Canon?
Can I use a FD lens + extender with Canon EOS mount?
What will be my aperture with a 2× teleconverter?
Specs to look for in my first camera
Photography in sunlight
Recommended settings in Lightroom 5 when exporting to NIK / other plugs as TIFF?
What is the largest aperture on a commercially available lens?
Why are there no full-frame lenses with leaf shutters?
Where can I find good example pictures for the influence of focal length on image composition
Canon 5D Mark III + Multiple shots in single shutter release?
What does "DMC" mean?
Cleaning stains left by frost from the front of a lens
How should one compare lenses for new mirrorless cameras vs established best of class?
How can I best add depth sharpness with Adobe Photoshop?
Picture appears dark after editing in Mac
3 meter high stand + 3 meters long arm
How to handle publicly sharing family photos (especially kids) online?
Are these weirdly-shaped purple stains really from particles under the first layer of the sensor, and if so, what can I do about it?
What is the downside of a cheap UV filter that is used solely for the protection of the lens?
Nikon P7800: Why is that different apertures result in different shortest shutter speeds?
Tamron 90mm SP Macro manual focus locks
How can I build an underwater camera housing?
Nikon P510, Is it possible to shoot an image while charging?
What is the Leica look?
What are meaningful deciding factors when deciding between Canon 5D mark III vs mark II?
Gimp's color options not working
Why are exposure settings different while using different lenses under the same lighting conditions?
Why and when to use a lens hood?
Scuba underwater photography: GoPro vs DSLR + Housing
Can using a reflector or external flash soften harsh natural light, or just fill in shadows?
Lossless export from Picasa?
Does converting RAW files to TIFF lose image quality?
Is there a way to improve continuous drive speed on my EOS-M?
Would a Vivitar 2800 flash work on a Nikon D3100?
If raising the center column makes tripods unstable, why can they be raised so high?
How can I create creative soft light?
What are the differences between live mode and quick mode on my Canon 550D?
Will a Soligor 28-200 mm lens fit on a Canon T3i body?
How to submit photos in the website?
Looking for a telephoto zoom lens - Tamron, Canon or Sigma?
What is the name for the type of photography where the subject is close-up?
Does a good light meter eliminate the need for exposure compensation?
Samyang AE 8 F3.5 CS II fish-eye with SFH-14 filter holder
Camera body vs lenses - which is more important technically?
Do adjustments in Photoshop yield better results than similar adjustment in Lightroom?
How can I get this Digital painting effect in Photoshop?
What is a standard kit lens?
Which metering mode is best for portraiture using a white background?
What can Lightroom folders do that collections or smart collections can't?
How do I order photos in Lightroom?
How do I move photos from a Lightroom collection to a folder, preserving order?
What is shutter lag?
How to cover all your needs with just one lens?
Batch test RAW NEF File or command line utility?
What's the best way to copy 100 rolls of 35mm film?
What do I need to use off-camera flash on location?
Why can't I get a sharp macro image when shooting handheld, even with IS?
Why do I see this yellow color shift at high ISOs and fast shutter speeds?
What is Snapsort's "true resolution" score?
Are these photos ruined because of ISO?
Billing for international travel work days
How does an electronic viewfinder work?
about luminance and illuminance: what is the difference?
Bad halo with gelled speedlite on background
Exposure with AI SERVO
how to adjust Triopo Shoe Mount Flash TR-950 TR950 with Nikon d3100?
Does a greater optical zoom range on a lens mean less image quality?
Does the position of the flash in compact cameras make a real difference in reducing red eye?
How long is too long to leave the shutter open before prolonged exposure to light damages the sensor?
What's the practical difference in an image taken at focal length of 200mm vs 300mm?
Post production for beginners
When shooting one-on-one with a subject, what are some tips and tricks to get into a "photoshoot" mood?
The 'Pick' and 'Reject' implemetation in DAMs is flawed?
Can an SLR Mounting rim made of metal gather rust?
Thinking of upgrading my 550D, should I go for 7D or 5D?
Basic Corporate Portrait Shooting
Can I use a Getty Images photo of me?
The screen on my Nikon D5100 flickers
Gimp GEGL Tutorial for Photographers?
How to set shutter time on an Android phone?
What to do when autofocus on Canon 85mm f/1.8 not working?
Can photographs survive freezing temperatures?
Extra reach on a crop frame body?
How can I make the most of entry level camera gear?
Canon Film SLR 28-80 mm lens with sunfilter; what should be my aperture settings and distance
Does adapting a fish-eye lens on a smaller sensor lose the fish-eye effect?
Is it possible to do a multiple exposure on an Olympus 35sp?
What Will Make Me Buy the D800 over DF if the former is cheaper?
Which one is better - more cross-type sensor or better sensitiveness of cross-type sensors?
Since there is no Clarity filter in Photoshop, how can I simulate that effect?
How to get clarity picture from existing picture?
How to create awesome nature time lapses
What settings do I need to use for interior shots so the lights don't look flared/streaky?
What factors should one consider when charging for editing and organizing photos?
Planning to buy new Lens for Nikon D5100
Phone camera (Samsung S4): is it possible to determine the distance to the object in focus on jpg picture?
How does exposure compensation affect auto aperture settings in a point and shoot camera?
Is this a good example of "Rule of Thirds"?
increase resolution by taking several pictures - is it done?
Can a bridge camera produce similar photos to a DSLR for sports?
Why are phase detect lenses adapted onto contrast detect bodies so much slower?
Are Lightroom 5 Smart-Previews Useful?
What to do with ugly/hardminded models?
What does the transfer speed of a memory card mean for taking photographs?
what is the response curve?
Camera selection for model airplane
First Wedding - What to charge?
Would a 50mm lens be a useful addition to my current set of lenses?
Does the Fujifilm X100 have a limited number of shutter actuations, similar to focal-plane shutters?
What does "MECHA DEVICE SERVICE" mean in a Sony repair listing?
What is the best paint to use to make backdrops for studio photography with blown out white backgrounds, and dark black backgrounds
Purging RAWs in Aperture 3
How to fix Nikon D40x shutter not re-arming?
Self-hosted gallery that will base on existing library structure
Will 18-55 and 55-200 lenses give me the same zoom abilities as a single 18-200 lens?
Is image stabilization a necessary feature for wide angle lenses?
Can work with RAW to be the next step for the development?
What battery capacity is being presented on my Canon 6d
Whats the "most amount of moon" acceptable for astrophotography?
How can I start a career in developing software for High end DSLRs?
Shooting tethered to Lightroom 5.4 seemed quite slow
Is f/number more relevant than aperture and/or shutter speed?
Are the black blobs on these pictures indicative of shutter failure?
How can I mount an EF-M lens on an EF-S camera?
What do the specifications mean on the Canon G15's lens?
Why pay for specialist studio photography lighting aka strobes when you can use continuous light sources which are more powerful and cheaper?
Which is the best suitable memory card for Canon 550D Rebel T2i?
Is this photo showing lenses apparently hanging in the air a Photoshopped composite, or was some other trick used?
Can I take photo with visible depth of field if shooting in a mirror?
Is it possible to make an image which is only photographable in black or white?
How do I repair stripped threads of a tripod mount?
Can gripping a lens too hard cause softness/aberration or other damage?
How can i merge my two Flickr accounts?
How to auto-align a stack of head shots?
Saving from Photoshop without modifying EXIF data
How to calibrate colors from photos for classification purpose (ICC profile)?
What are the possible causes for a camera not saving images with a new lens?
Autofocus icon is missing in Canon 650D, please help
Can I use the Samsung Nx300 in bulb mode without continually holding the shutter?
wireless triggering Canon 650d with profoto d1
Are full-frame cameras less forgiving with respect to camera shake?
How does Rokinon 24mm f/1.4 image quality compare between f/1.4 and stopped-down to f/4?
What kind of lighting do I need for a halo portrait?
How can I get the shutter actuation count for Canon EOS 600D (Rebel T3i)?
Do separate autofocus motors exist for entry level Nikon DSLRs?
Embedded jpegs in NEF raw files
Pentax to Canon EOS
Negative effects of microcracks on body
Camera suggestion needed for long term remote timelapse
Shooting from a helicopter
how can I capture images from two cameras simultaneously with a computer?
How do I use the manual exposure setting in the new Google Camera app?
What process was used to make this glass plate?
Lightroom synchronize finding all photos as new photos
Stacking photos for moon movement
Night photo with Leica 25mm: blur at f/1.4
Focus in night photography
Am I able to clean white background in Lightroom?
How can I take good interior pictures (for selling the house)?
Help to choose lens
A6000 and Sony 55-210mm - At 210mm, with tripod, I am getting a "wavy" distortion to all objects in range
Comparing a6000 to a7 photos on Flickr
How can I mass cutout people from stock photos with arbitrary backgrounds?
Where to find information on Olympus SZ-17?
I dropped my Nikon 18-55 lens — can I fix it?
The aperture size of my camera ( Fujifilm Sx1) is minimun of f11 can i use a filter or something to get images similar to f16 or f22
Light-field shots entirely in focus?
Dry Cabinet not maintaining 45 rh
What is the best way to resize a high-DPI image for use on the web and in mobile apps?
How to get longer exposure times with intervalometer for Fujifilm HS25EXR
How to correctly import RAW 16bit in DigiKam
what is the nikon equivalent to canon lens L series EF 24-105 f4?
How can I prevent Aperture from rotating photos on export?
Does the manufacturer reset the metadata shutter count when replacing the shutter?
Are there any known methods for resetting the shutter count?
Which long focus prime lenses are actually telephoto in the technical sense?
Do any cameras with dual SD card slots support copying images from one card to the other?
Nikon D3200 with IR remote control uses AF-Light although turned off
What is tactile photography? How can I start with it?
High-speed camera for Photographing Fast objects such as balls? Important features?
How to achieve consistent results in a home studio, when I can't leave my rig set up for too long
How does a polarizing filter work?
What is the name of this ruler for Photogrammetry? Where to find similiar ones?
What are the downsides of setting the autofocus point brightness to the highest setting?
Which version of Photoshop should I choose?
How to get this washed out look in lightroom
Why do we even need RAW-specific editing software?
What is the rule for shutter speed in macro photography?
Why do you need a viewfinder in MILC?
What are the differences between current films available for the Polaroid SX-70 Land camera?
Can Lightroom facilitate the consolidation of 2 external drives to a third?
How to accurately calculate size in image using relations and a reference
Learning from one's blurred photos: where was the focus point set?
Is there a better DNG workflow for monochromatic-lit scenes to produce B&W images with more detail?
Why do two zoom lenses set to 200mm on the same camera produce different fields of view?
How do you manage your less-than-perfect photos?
Mirrorless camera vs. mid-range DSLR — how to decide?
Photo viewer for Windows that preloads next files in folder and allows rotating and deleting images?
Why Lightroom not offering to choose "Edit a copy"?
Product photography, wine bottles, recommended light setup on a budget
Bower 650 1300mm on Sony E-Mount?
Why is a full-frame DSLR better for producing large prints?
28mm vs. 24mm (wide angle) for selfies?
Is there a sane reason why ¹⁄₁₂₅ is not, instead, exactly half of ¹⁄₆₀?
Where can I exchange a new lens without paying expensive shipping?
Free photo viewer for Windows that preloads next files in folder and allows rotating and deleting images?
Aperture and field of view - percepted by eye vs camera
How to shoot photo with the sun fully surrounding foreground subject
Difference between Canon cameras and lens?
Why flash is not used when I raise the power to 1.3+
Micro SDHC card in Canon 500D
How to align several pictures in LR?
How do I find out what firmware version my Lumix camera is using?
How can i create a proper setup for shooting bedding if my studio is too small?
How do I contanct Nikon Australia support?
Long exposure photos in daytime
Why is there a line in the center of freelensing photos taken with a Canon 5D mkIII?
Little cross on photos with slow shutter speed. Is this a hot pixel?
Recommended way to do photomicography outdoors?
Comparing Canon's 85mm 1.8 and 200mm 2.8 Primes for Portrait, Other Use
Export metadata from one software and import into another
Why is the bokeh shaped like the aperture?
Digital Camera that Mounts as USB Removal Media (Drive) in Window XP and Above
High Speed Sync with Canon 7D and Sigma EF-610 DG Super
Which lens to purchase with canon 550d
sony a57 annoying nag message
How can I differentiate an Original and Photoshop Image
Is astrophotography possible in high humidity?
How to take a white product on a white background?
How to photograph glitter and holographic glitter?
External power supply for Canon 600ex-rt that is not a battery pack
Can you take a picture of a milky way on a canon EOS 300?
What is the Base ISO of a Canon 5D MK III?
Is there a way to adjust the aperture of a Nikon lens without a camera or physical aperture ring?
Nikon Transfer & Memory Cards
Why is my lens only somewhat sharp near the center and very blurry on the edges?
How do analog photography light meters work?
Timelapse with Magic Lantern and Canon 5D mark III
Why does my D5100 rear display turn off automatically after about 10 seconds?
How do lenses vary in contrast?
Motivating yourself to be back in photography
Grainy/low quality pictures - how to stop?
How can I take product shots of a flat (but not absolutely flat) reflective surface?
Why are my photos not crisp?
What is the best way to secure tripod overnight?
Why do I get "F - -" on my Nikon camera?
How to run actions on raw image (like florabella, MCP etc)
Are there stuck/dead pixels in my photo?
What's the proper name for the eye viewfinder?
Why there is more shutter lag when using live-preview as compared to viewfinder?
Speed ​​to clear the cache on sony a65
50mm vs 35mm cropped
When were white seamless backgrounds and platforms first used in studio lighting?
What determines the sharp parts in an image: the DoF or the focus point?
What is the metallic square piece behind the viewfinder and what does it do?
How to tell whether a lens has an autofocus motor or not?
What do I need to know for volcano photography?
How can a camera signal an electronic device that a photo was taken?
How can I get a pure white background in jewelry photography, without losing sparkle and shine?
Canon 18-135mm macro capability vs 100mm macro lens
Are there any disadvantages to using a single microSD card in multiple devices?
Adobe Lightroom - Add keywords to multiple photos while in Loupe View?
Why is the lower part of the picture black when using a Canon flash on a Nikon D700?
How can I replace this clear plastic rectangle from inside of my DSLR piece?
Canon G12 has no display but takes pictures
What is the price for a new LCD screen in a Canon 550D ?
Is my Lumix camera an SLR?
Dust on eye piece DSLR
Can I make custom bokeh shape using a 18-55mm Nikkor lens?
What's the technical explanation for custom bokeh shapes?
Time needed to full self-discharge of speedlight capacitor
Precise focus information in metadata
Why are Olympus models somewhat less represented on major review sites?
Is there a term for "not portrait" photos?
What can cause massive overexposure on a Canon IXUS when zooming in?
What is the difference between zooming in and cropping?
What justifies the double price of zoom lenses?
What is the smallest f number possible?
Why isn't my Fuji X100S optical viewfinder displaying an overlay?
Tips and resources for nightime shots with a mirrorless camera?
What are the advantages of a soft shutter release button?
LCD on Canon Rebel T2i stopped working after tethering to Mac
What are the extra features offered by a higher end model camera body?
Steel wool photography: how to obtain lots of sparks?
RAF (Fujifilm RAW) preview on a Mac
Why shutter is not closed by-default on mirrorless cameras as it's closed on film ones?
Where can I obtain direct positive paper?
Jpeg images are zoomed and ORF files are not in Lightroom 5
How do I move a photo in Lightroom after it's been added but not copied?
Why do cameras use proprietary batteries?
High speed sync Flash with 430EX II off-camera
Do any phone cameras allow decent exposure of the night sky?
How to prevent deleted photos from appearing again when importing from camera?
Can slightly misaligned focus points and focus screen result in focusing issues?
Holiday lens - 18-200 or 18-250
Why can't I access Single Point Spot AF even when it is enabled on my 5D Mark III?
How to achieve this kind of softness in the details?
Are there any official flash extenders for macro work?
How to setup a long running timelapse?
Displaying subject age instead of capture date in photos
Having difficulty with choosing a wide-angle lens for Canon
Hot Pixels in Image
Lightroom soft proof - intent perceptual or relative?
Lower quality photos in burst mode
E-TTL underexposure with flash zoomed in and shot through a modifier?
What personal safety precautions do I need to take while traveling with a camera in Scandinavia?
Editing previously-taken photographs—by multiple amateurs—for a consistent look
How do I separate a stuck Nikon 400mm f/2.8 AF-S (non-VR) lens from a D800E body?
How much should I charge for selling un watermarked high resolution photos?
Why don't camera flashes use proprietary batteries?
Do Left and Right matter in how the photo is perceived?
Is there any alternative to Nikon SU-800?
How can an amateur print high gamut images?
Yongnuo YN560-II flash not firing with Nikon D3100
How to get back from a print to an image file
Can looking at a computer screen show the difference between linear and circular polarizing filters?
is a camera sensor size cropped according to the change in pixel aspect ratio of a resolution?
Portrait on a blue background which color should the model wear?
How can I set the aperture manually when using an old teleconverter on my Nikon D80?
Should I worry about a camera I am interested in "winning" on Snapsort?
how can I invert brightness (not colors) in darktable 1.4.2?
What are the pros and cons of different lenses on the end of a long macro bellows
Relevance of absolute light power in studio object photography?
Why is only right half of this photo blurred?
How can I make the text in this photograph of an ancient column more readable?
Remove violet glowing effect
"10 m resolution" - Expressed as screen resolution (or other way photography noob can understand)?
Yongnuo RF-603 II: difference between N1 and N3 versions
Color calibration red color cast
Can I lock up the mirror in Canon 350D and shoot all three AEB points without mirror return?
Problem with camera - completely black image
Why is Aperture 3.5.1 repeatedly crashing?
Tripod head for video panning and long exposure with EOS7D with Canon 70-200 f2.8 lens?
What can I do to improve exposure on my Canon 30D?
How can I improve this picture of my friend on vacation?
Tr-90 remote release
Exposure compensation or ISO sensitivity?
Medium / Large Format Pinhole Camera
Aperture priority images are all severly underexposed
Old photos (plusmin 25) years seem to be glued together: a solution?
New head for Bogen tripod
Sigma 28-105 3.8 5.6 Lens not sharp with Nikon D7000 unless stopped way down?
Sigma lens mount change
Travel Lens to UK
How can I increase the amount of 'keepers' from my Nikkor 50mm 1.8D
Will dust inside a lens affect the image in any way?
picture resolution to a canvas print
Do UV filters serve any other purpose on modern lenses other than to protect them?
Will the petal-shaped "HB-45 II" lens hood work with my Nikkor 18-55mm?
what is 70's styles photo effect called
How to automatically crop white space from multiple images?
Graduated Filter with Lightroom to adjust Whites and Blacks
What flashes are compatible with the Canon A-1?
Photos messed up after copying from a usb drive
How to improve sky's saturation and contrast to get a similar result?
Why image at 400mm is LARGER THAN DOUBLE of image at 200mm? (according to lens formula)
Bokeh on a 55 mm lens
Photo : inverse of miniature effect
How to brighten photo taken with low light/fast shutter without worsening noise?
Do RAW files really allow more RAW dynamic range than shooting in JPG?
Which IPTC field to use for the lead image in a set?
Do Canon dSLRs have something like HDR, ADR, or iso expansion?
Can I combine extension tubes and macro filters at once to give better macros?
How to improve make my picture a little brighter and sharper
Should I return my new wide-gamut monitor or buy an expensive calibrator?
How can I confirm focus with a Nikkor 70-300 lens on a D3000?
Which Nikon DSLRs have an autofocus motor in camera body?
Glass photograph
Setting white balance for raw image from Canon S100 using Lighroom failed to work well
Human perception in color mixing
UV Filter Coating
Nikon D3100 stuck on Auto Flash
How to reverse command dial for Fujifilm X100s?
What's the difference between colour space and bit depth?
The title of contest is "Relations" but as a first timer I don't know what they expect
Can I make Lightroom see existing Flickr albums as photosets
Using Raspberry Pi with Canon EOS 7D
Import only image files into Lightroom library
Can I repair a Nikon D90 LCD screen that has moisture in it?
Hong Kong legal issues when taking photos
120 film with 6x9 frame numbers available?
What should be the aperture and ISO while doing wildlife photography in sunlight?
Mode dial fell off for Nikon D7000
Does Amazon's patent of the photography studio have any meaning for us?
What flash triggers can remotely set the mode and power on multiple flashes?
How can I get accurate manual focus with an Olympus E-PL3 without having to zoom 5× every time?
Which DSLR camera to choose for semi-pro use?
How would you set up a long-exposure shot from the computer?
Darken gray hair in GraphicConverter?
What is required to trigger an optical slave?
Where can one find Canon printer icc profiles?
What are the best lights to use with a copy stand?
Found photography: what is the status of a memory card?
What are the pros and cons between the Lomo'Instant and the Fuji instax mini 90 Neo Classic?
Switch from T3i to Fuji X20?
How can I make successful abstract photographs?
What is causing the bright flare on all of my images?
How to clean shattered UV filter glass from Lens?
Strange color difference between Rebel XS & 70D
How to change aperture in manual mode on an entry-level Nikon SLR?
How to stack photos manually?
Looking for tips for a good LinkedIn profile picture session
Searching photos by metadata with Adobe Bridge not returning results?
Does a .png file extension on an iPhone image mean that the photo was edited or altered in any way?
What's the name of print samples collected by photographers?
Possible to open Capture One preview/proxy files in Photoshop?
Upgrading from Canon T2i to Canon 6D
Is it ok to regularly swap memory cards between different cameras?
35mm vs 40mm: Does it matter?
Reduce photo size to less than 20kb
Is there any benefit to manual settings when you can change just about everything with post production?
Easy timelapse from pole
Why does the focus light come on in manual focus mode?
Why are f-stops not linear?
Does manual focus carry over to a different aperture, lens or focal length?
Is there a way to quickly take two photos at different apertures?
How do I focus at a specific distance (in meters)?
Why does negative flash adjustment lead to weird, orange pictures?
Can anyone identify this (allegedly) Ansel Adams photo of an ornate interior?
Why doesn't an f/1.8 lens result in a lower ISO than an f/2.8 lens?
What is the best linux/BSD distro for photography?
How can I automatically square-crop an image?
Techniques for photographing stained glass?
How can I improve grey overcast skies?
How to post process a B/W photo to improve printing
Lenses on older canon bodies only shows up as focal range in Lightroom. Can this be fixed?
Does the Nikon D600 have a lockable mode wheel?
Camera on boat worth the risk?
Nikon D5000 with 18-55mm VR lens producing blur and below par images
When is a camera 'worn'?
What is the real focal length of the Lytro Illum
How to select objects from image, that are not in another image (in PS)
Why do I have more 'originals' than 'versions' in Aperture?
Lightroom workflow to copy files to external drive?
How does a camera meter light when the shutter is closed?
What are some tips on night photography during rain?
Why is my SDHC card disappearing from the file system after few minutes?
Superimposing photos and thermographic images
Why does simply saving a JPEG at 100% quality in Photoshop increase filesize?
Purchasing a6000: but what lens to buy?
Should I upgrade my Canon body or lens for upcoming travel?
Macro lens for Olympus E-3
Make photos on Facebook nicer?
Why do my Nikon NEF raw files come out with a green tint when converted with Nikon or Adobe software?
Do lenses have focal planes or focal spheres/ellipsoids?
Why doesn't a zoom lens at 25mm on a Micro Four Thirds camera have the "normal" 50mm lens field of view?
How to calculate Hugin lens data for Aerial Photos
How to get correct colours when printing in a kiosk
How to determine camera location from an existing photograph?
Why are SLR lenses so much larger than Sony E-mount lenses?
What are the pros and cons of the two Sony mounts -- E and A?
how do I view my photos directly on laptop as I take them
How do you unlock a memory card?
How to meter to clear subject details with a strongly backlit scene, as Elena Shumilova does?
Reducing ambient color while preserving sharpness with a flash in concert photos
Need help updating the firmware on my Nikon D700?
Is the maximum video length of the Sony A6000 30 minutes?
Possible to draw a custom grid on a focusing screen?
Approved memory cards for nikon d3100
Does Lightroom 5 do any lossless operations on JPEGs?
How does a camera in an automatic mode choose what exposure, aperture and ISO to use?
Stopping down in manual mode with automatic ISO?
How to obtain a subject's measurement from image
EOS time lapse problem: stops taking shots
How can I set the "Pick" flag for a bunch of photos based on filename in Lightroom?
How do you organize your photos before you shoot them?
Is it true that cameras with larger sensors are more likely to mis-focus under low light?
What does the AE/AF lock button do that half-pressing the shutter doesn't?
Are there disadvantages to an adapted Canon EF-S zoom vs Sony SEL 18-200 lens for my Sony Nex?
Why is my Nikon D300 slow to respond to shutter press regardless of shutter speed?
How to recreate the perspective and field of view of an existing photo?
comparable price of flash guns for canon 60 compared to 400-500w strobes
How to take Kirlian photos?
How to photograph a footprint on metal?
Why is the external lens for my smartphone blurry when not at full zoom?
outdoor group photo - depth of field, other concerns?
How to do jewellery photography with a telephoto lens?
What lens should I use to be able to fill the frame with a mounted 35mm slide at 12 inches?
How do I get a consistent White Balance when shooting different color products?
What does it mean for a camera to be able to autofocus at EV 0 at f/2.8?
Same Ink Different Paper - wildly different color gamut?
How are pixel value and intensity related?
Black bar covering bottom half of images, with or without flash
What are the significant differences between Tamron and Sigma 17-50mm f/2.8 lenses?
Applications of dynamic range trick
When does it help to use scene modes?
Does a Canon STM lens autofocus more quickly and accurately on a high-end camera body?
Why do some Lightroom keywords have an asterisk?
How to create a secondary black & white batch and preserve original color batch in Lightroom
Are the aperture, ISO and shutter speed stops perfectly interchangeable?
why does lightroom5 get dark when mousing out of library pane?
Do film emulation presets assume a certain white balance setting?
How to make a photo background fully white?
What qualities are important in a camera for studio portraiture?
Why does this satellite image of an airplane in motion show red, green, and blue bands with strange artifacts?
Desk pictures lighting setup
Why is there such a big difference with these JPG file sizes?
Websites with RAW conversion contests?
Postprocessing ColorSpace: Windows System with two graphics cards (Quadro and GTX) one AdobeRGB the other sRGB color space
How much fluorescent/CFL power do I need?
How do I set the manual focus magnification on the Sony NEX-5R?
Automatically mask out of focus part of an image
Why is my SD card filling up too quickly?
Replace existing 2006 Canon Rebel XT or repair it?
Are there non-floating underwater neck straps for underwater digital cameras?
Variable focal length for macro lenses?
Why does flash exposure compensation of 4EV have such an unnoticeable effect?
Why does using the flash mess up the white balance?
How do I capture the moon and its surrounding context?
Can I put different lenses with a lens adapter on a point and shoot?
Moon photography
Useful services where I can create a photography website/blog?
Canon speedlites not firing when in Live View
How many RAW images should I be able to take on a Canon 6d with a 32GB card?
Should I go digital or analog for B/W on a budget?
Question about legal usage of stock and photos with attribution
Why do my photos appear more in focus when I use a long exposure?
Sturdy tripod on a budget
How do I rig up a color filter for my Sigma 8-16mm Ultrawide?
What does "OS" mean on a Sigma lens?
Which photo montage/collage software can do this transition effect?
How was this picture of a model on a boat with a sunset in the background created?
Marathon & Sports Event Photographers: Are they freelance or agency/company-related?
Samyang 14mm or Rokinon 8mm fisheye? Which is better for landscapes?
Should I store my 35mm rolls in the fridge?
What is the cause of this non-uniform bokeh effect?
Key Points When Buying Used Camera-Body?
How to make my Nikon D7000 stop adjusting to different lighting
Is there a way to get Lightroom to extract only part of the folder name on export?
What is the best way to remove texture from a scanned textured photo paper? details
Simulating long exposure waterfall shots in Photoshop?
Per-Application Color Management under GNOME3
How do I create a nighttime B&W image but have the subject illuminated by light in full color?
Why is there a difference between the shutter lag times for prefocus and for manual focus?
How to take long exposure photos in the daytime?
How to focus manually with a Nikkor AF-S DX VR 50-200mm f/4-5.6G zoom lens?
Digital ISO vs Post-Exposure Correction
Photos of people on an ad supported website
Is there a situation in which taking exposure bracketed photos at only the widest separation (±3EV) doesn't work?
Techniques used in long exposure in a forest
Should I leave the lens switched to AF or MF for storage?
What are the pros and cons of saving as DNG in camera and saving as proprietary RAW and convert in lightroom in post?
How to photograph fireflies?
Usefulness of a Broken Polarizing Filter
Can I set up Canon 6D Auto Exposure Bracketing (AEB) to take more than 3 shots?
Is there a 3rd-party wireless slave for Nikon SU-4 triggering?
Can I magnify image on Canon 6D while in live view more than 10x?
Learning from other photos. Histograms: how do I know if the original photo was over/under exposed?
Compability of Kenko DGX PR0300 2.0X C-AF F4.5 for Canon and a Canon 55-250mm lens
Any reason not to use a 72mm CPOL filter with a 62mm step down ring?
Canon 60D - exposure compensation with auto ISO in Manual mode
weather sealing.. and dusty/sandy environments
Is there a comprehensive list of available (possible) adapters between different lens mounts?
Why do I keep getting out of focus shots on manual focus?
Is Adobe Lightroom worth it for a student amatuer photographer?
Film question: is Arista EDU Ultra 400 still "like" Tri-X 400?
Can I use the internal autofocus (AF) beam with an external flash on a Canon 600D?
Sigma 18-35mm F1.8 Canon
Lightroom: Photoshop documents not displaying in catalogue
Avoiding washout
What is the reason that the materials of the lens barrels changed from metal to plastic?
canon 60d ten second timer remote
How to edit Canon 7D RAW images in Photoshop CS2?
Did film photography have lens correction counterparts?
I am looking for a 2X extender for a Canon 100mm EF 2.8 (non L series)
Is Canon 16-35/4 IS better than 16-35/2.8 II at f/4?
Picture quality of a nice point and shoot with same size sensor and same zoom range as an interchangable lens camera
Does this Camera Lens to Mobile phone camera interface exist?
Is there software which automatically assists in recolouring black and white photos?
list raw files in lightroom
Is there a 3rd party X-mount lens (price & function) similar to Fujinon's portrait lens?
Suggestion for my first flash gun
What are the advantages and disadvantages of compact cameras vs phone cameras?
Fixing chromatic aberration automatically with software
Quickly reset EC on Canon 600D
Can I restore raw development changes for moved Lightroom files?
How can this visual effect be achieved using Photoshop or plugins?
Weird look when taking picture of a screen
Should I buy filters or step down adapters for multiple lenses?
How does TTL flash work when there are multiple flashes?
How can I mitigate bright spots in shaded, woodland settings?
Canon rebel t3i manual mode
Adobe Lightroom Slow after Installing Develop Presets
Nikon D3000 Blurry Pictures. Focus Issue?
Can't set Sony image ratings via windows explorer
How can I get the exposure correct in this picture?
If it's not a 100% crop, what is it?
Can I buy Samyang 14mm filter holder in North America?
Inconsistent TTL results when flash used off-camera (YN565 EX II)
If TTL only preflashes once, how does it get correct exposure immediately after?
Looking for a camera below $1000
Using a set formula to measure distance in a photo but the answers are coming out much smaller than expected?
Can't get hot shoe flash to fire on Fujifilm Fine Pix
DSLR body without auto focus + auto focus macro extension tube set + lens without having auto focus motor but focusing screw = auto focus?
What software can replace Apple Aperture?
How has the price of a roll of film developed over the last few decades?
Cannot light a fire using a lens?
Lightroom colour issue with secondary monitor
Wireless Shutter Release Remote does autofocus before taking the snap?
Can fingerprints and smudges "ripen" if left on a lens for a long time?
Are there any official specifications regarding the torque for camera mounts?
Composite battery adapter
How do extension tubes affect focusing distance?
How to measure light so I know which gel to use?
Can long/heavy lenses deform the lens mount?
RGB colour correction of CCD camera images
accessory fill flash for nikon DSLR
Why does the angle of view narrow as you zoom in?
How can I import images from iPad into Capture One?
Is a Canon 50mm 1.4 lens only meant to focus close range?
Difference in image capture area between full frame and medium frame
Leaving Apple Aperture for Adobe Lightroom, is there any way to avoid losing my photo adjustments?
How to get beautiful even and soft lighting on face?
Is it possible to add an aperture ring on Nikon G Lenses?
What equipment do I need for astrophotography?
Will using snapseed make the quality of my photos worse?
Why is a camera's dynamic range expressed as its photosite capacity divided by the read noise level?
Are there any instructions for Pixel X-650 flash?
Noticible diff. using Display port versus DVI on Eizo ColorEdge Monitor?
Can I measure the Wratten Number of a Filter?
Does a JPEG image uncompressed to bitmap prior to displaying it on the screen
How to fix oversaturation on a color-calibrated monitor?
Synthetic bokeh: linearly intensify bokeh/blur from e.g. detected contrast or bokeh circle sizes
Uneven exposure with Sony a35 - one side of image much lighter than the other
How to photograph a lightbulb?
Is this blue tint because of the film or the process?
WiFi programmable camera
How can I "quickly" scan and digitize many negatives?
What camera features do I look for if I want to shoot miniatures?
How do I take a photo like this (very bright)?
What's a good EXIF metadata field to store a general URL about photo topic/content?
What is considered high quality bokeh?
Can the method from the paper "High-Quality Computational Imaging Through Simple Lenses" compete with conventional lenses?
Will filters help me get better colors in my digital photographs of my paintings?
Why can't one calibrate a monitor with a DSLR & a color chart?
Is it possible to convert to and from LAB color space without loss of quality?
Match colors in Lightroom to other editing tools
I can't see on display screen what I actually snap by Nikon D5200
Does a Fujifilm FinePix have a long exposure feature?
Which is better: a smaller f-number lens or a bigger sensor size?
Do I have to resample images when resizing them (smaller)?
Which of these lenses will work?
How to achieve this effect though post-processing
How to Choose Light mode while using Mobile Camera?
How to figure out if a DSLR will help my interest in photography?
Tripod With Horizontal Attachment
Levels adjustment layer in Photoshop: why are the main sections called "input levels" and "output levels"?
How do I export a picture from Lightroom without the original?
Is there an automated way to create composites from multiple images of a moving object?
Do any birth photography books exist?
For maximizing photo adjustment performance, which hardware upgrades matter most?
Can I connect a new Olympus lens to my Nikon camera?
Why does feathering the light gives softer light?
Shoes photography
How to adjust the lens in dark?
How do I add macro lens effects via Photoshop
Is it possible to "apply" a color profile to an image?
Canon 350D autofocus problem
Using a standard color chart do I need to create profiles for my body/lens combo for multiple lighting conditions?
How to view a thumbnail for each lightroom folder in a catalog?
Can I use vintage lenses on Nikon D3200
Will any of these actions damage a tripod?
What does it mean, to copy a lens profile correction from one photo to another in lightroom?
What are the parameters for evaluating photos
Can exposure parameters be kept high even at high ISO sensitivity, to keep image quality up?
Which ND filter should I get for daytime bokeh-effect on video?
Timelapse for sticky notes
In Lightroom how do I determine what collections an image is in?
Is a 3rd party (Tamron) lens safe to use on a Canon EOS 600D?
Can I recover my aurora photographs?
Do you lose the increased sharpness of not having an AA filter if downscaling?
Camera vs. Lens
Does tripod's load capacity include the use of stone bag/weight bag too?
Is it a good idea to use adapted tele lenses with a micro four thirds camera for fast moving (nature/wildlife) photos?
How to avoid water in a shower from appearing to fall upwards?
How many keywords are possible in Lightroom without a performance penalty?
Is it okay for a new camera to have a date of import almost two years ago?
Why do circular fish eye lenses create circular images?
Wise to switch from Sony to Canon considering I have a decent amount of lenses?
Dark zone appearing on pictures when using an external flash
When to use what panorama projection?
Digital Photo Paintings
Raw is larger and softer than JPG
How can I focus on the moon
Why use UniWB? Doesn't apparent clipping of "final" colors matter more than actual clipping of RAW sensor values?
How can I make money with my DSLR and 50mm lens?
How do you add lens profiles to Adobe Lightroom?
repair corrupt cr2 (raw) withouth jpeg prview
Leave Macrolite Ring Adapter 67 on 100mm macro?
Is 85-135mm really the best for every single kind of face?
How can I automatically organize files on disk based on date or other metadata inside Lightroom?
How to achieve Greg Gorman style in his book Framed?
Do I need a filter to use my Canon EOS 60Da for daylight photography?
Can a Speedlite 430EX II be used on a Canon EOS 6D?
Are there disadvantages using an FX lens on a DX Camera?
How to place my camera on uneven surface to take time-lapse photos
Product Photography: White object on white background producing white halo
How to prevent my waterproof camera from condensation?
People smart collections - similar names problem
How can I consolidate keyword hierarchies in Lightroom?
Hierarchical vs Flat Keyword Lists and Performance in Lightroom
Why do some pictures rotated with exiftran have a vertical line on the right?
Strobes that will trigger from on-camera flash?
Olympus OM-D E-M10 not turning on properly
DAM, Digital asset management for Linux
How can I get perfect sharpness when shooting still art?
What was done to this photo to get a surreal tone of pastel-like purples and blues?
My SB 700 is not working with my nikon D7000
If I'm using only one focus point, am I doing it wrong?
How to find numerical aperture of lens
How can one image be printed in multiple sizes without losing content?
Is there a benefit to using a FX body when using DX Lenses?
Which filters will fit Voigtlander 15mm?
What do I need to make my own camera stand with a 40" horizontal arm?
Can Lightroom catalogs be created in any other program?
Contradiction in information resources on capturing UV light with a digital sensor
How to select everything Lens Flare filter has added to the image?
The frame counter of my Nikon FA (analog) is broken. How to activate the light measurement regardless?
Most effective directed speedlight diffusers?
Lightmeter not changing values after adjusted flash power?
Compatible lens for a Nikon 1 J1 camera
Is EXIF:XPKeyword imported by Lightroom?
How to remove texture from old scanned photos?
Remote Control for point and shoot digital camera
How to place a light-weight point and shoot camera on a balloon
How to photograph sparkly objects?
Would Wi-Fi enabled SD cards affect battery performance?
Why do I meter under the chin with a lightmeter?
How do I take good portraits with a bridge camera and superzoom?
Are modern digital cameras better at dealing with blown highlights than they used to be?
Setup for macro photos of flat surface with macro lens and led ring
Why is it harder to focus using LiveView?
What, technically, is happening when one adjusts the 'Exposure' setting in a raw editor?
Using a small brush size with color replacement (cs6) results in image blur
Plugin Metadata in LR
DNG converter doesn't convert, Photoshop CS2 doesn't open DNG
Grain of sand in view finder on Nikon D3100
How do disposable cameras work without exposure and focus control?
How can I set a shutter speed slower than 30s on my Nikon D5200?
Why use higher ISO when using a tripod and the object is static?
Why is there a vertical bar of brighter exposure when photographing lightning?
Lightroom publish to Facebook: managing existing photos
Why do people bend down in a group photo?
How to get longer than 8 second exposure on a Nikon coolpix p520?
Which settings are good for Night Shoots?
Why is Photoshop splitting my panorama in the wrong place?
How can I use a Panasonic Lumix DMC-SZ1 as a camera attached to my computer?
Use of DOF adapters in stills photography
Can a shutter booster lens speed up the shortest shutter time on my DSLR?
Upgrading path from Lightroom 3 to Lightroom 5
Problems with my lens
How can I copy all metadata, including color profiles, from one jpg to another?
How to get Ufraw to pass on EXIF data to Gimp
Improve photo resolution
Which is the best photo editing app for Symbian OS?
What effects do different flash diffuser shapes have?
Why are Micro Four Thirds lenses so expensive compared to Canon?
Lens/equipment recommendations for cloud photography
Nikon D5100: possible to get more than 30" exposure with self timer?
Do I have to do camera calibration every shoot?
Which camera should I buy: 7d or 70d?
How can Walter Mitty examine the negatives of photos in the bright sunny day?
Why is Lightroom not rendering what I see in every other JPG viewer?
Why did this photo of the Milky Way turn out badly?
Is a multishot self-timer mode available on mid-range cameras?
What studio strobes do I need for portraits and group portraits indoor and outdoors
DSLR long exposures and sensor overheat
Linux software for stacking and RAW processing
What are the values in the white balance menu in D40 refer to?
Can anyone identify the manufacturer of this golden lens?
Shooting lacrosse with Nikon 55-200mm question
Is Nikon D60 reliable?
Is it possible to reproduce a colour tone (of any photos) perfectly (by curves)?
How to overlay the image scaling based on the user distance & focal length
Will Milky Way photos show too much grain when printed at 12×18"?
How good are the EF-mount to E-mount adapters?
How to Make Indoor Photography Not Blurry
How to share large number of photos for review by family, with comments saved with the pictures?
Why are gels used for digital photography?
Camera bodies with a EF-S mount
In RawTherapee noise removal, why does noise apparently come back if I zoom out?
How limited is Nikon's free Capture NX-D?
EXIF Information that helps to detect doctored image
How to tell if a digital camera shoots quickly
What is this "rushed inwards" type of photo called?
Camera lens or megapixel value: which defines the quality and clarity of the picture?
Filtering out RED light from a white LED source
How to adjust exposure compensation with Nikon DSLR in low light condition?
I need Black background in portrait taken in daylight
How to sync EXIF data and date information from iPhoto to Flickr
Generic battery advice for Sony's NP-FW50
Model Using Photographs Without Permission?
How important are camera settings when shooting RAW?
What is the reason of pixelation on Sony ILCE-7?
Is there an "optimal" background distance when striving for a minimally distracting background?
Soaked camera, completely broken?
How to identify whether the available light is too harsh or too soft?
How much of a difference is there between photos where perspective is fixed in post as opposed to being shot with a tilt lens?
2 Versions of a Photo: Same resolution, image diff shows no difference, but different filesize
How to remove stuck 50mm lens from Canon 600D?
RGB working color space that uses the L* tone response curve?
How can one capture gun bore shots?
What is the limiting factor of picture resolution?
Why won't GIMP 2.8 open my long exposure shots?
Nikon Coolpix 885 not saving to new 8gb memory card
D70 FEE error with aperture ring set and locked
How do I make cubemaps with Hugin?
Night photography introduction
Correct a fisheyed picture using Hugin
Are there any DSLRs which can charge the battery via USB?
Photoshop - JPEG Image Option - Difference in Quality
Are there super-macro lenses for getting "inside"?
Sony 3.5-5.6/18-55 SAM (SAL1855) lens broken
How to remove write protection from MicroSD
Why is there a grid pattern of darker pixels in this twilight sky flat field?
What can I do when a flash is stuck on my Nikon DSLR?
Can a Canon 100-400 EF lens with damaged AF be repaired?
How can I fix a Nikon DX 18-135mm with an aperture stuck open?
Should two identical digital pictures of the same resolution and format have the same size?
"Press Shutter Release Button Again" Error on Nikon D40x DLSR
Programming curves tool how to work with RGB (combined) channel
What are the factors that cause colour shifts in cross processed film?
What do I need to know to select a Nikon-fit macro lens?
Do TTL flashes always "count" as a single pre-flash?
What is the legal consensus on "pinning" photos using Pinterest?
Why are all my smartphone photos coming out near-white?
Canon Speedlite 320EX or 430EX II, which one to choose?
LR4: Cannot pan using arrow keys
How is brightness measured?
Sony a7 raw files converted to DNG won't open in non-Adobe applications
How to calculate depth of field by using extension tubes
Star photography
Third Party Flash for Portraits
How much skill and effort (in the process of taking a photo) is needed to have copyright over it?
Printer color calibration software for "manual" calibration
Difference between luminance and brightness
How can I get Lightroom to be mathematically accurate when cropping to an aspect ratio?
Would I get more benefit from buying a new lens to go with a new camera body?
Looking for features on entry-level DSLR cameras
What colour space does Adobe Lightroom use in the Develop Module?
What makes a DSLR camera "entry-level"?
Too much "Grain" in photos
How do I attach a softbox to a rectangular fluorescent head?
What would cause an AF confirmation light to go on and off as I approach correct focus?
How to view the gamut of my printer?
Astrophotography with an 800mm
How to create a ghost-like effect or shadowy figure on a photograph?
What is the reason of "banded" bokeh on Sony a7?
Difference between short/long exposure for faraway objects?
The LCD is blank with my 500mm/F8 Nikon mirror lens on my Nikon D200 when I shoot
Why are my photos taken with the Sigma 18-50mm f/2.8 coming out blurred?
How are these clothes pictures being photographed?
Will a Fuji Finepix S4800 take much better pictures than my Galaxy S4 phone?
Is the distance scale on a lens linear?
How can I capture the movement of a bullet?
Which image processing algorithm does the contrast auto focus use to check the sharpens?
Macro Extension Rings
Can I use an Canon 2x Extender on my EF-S 18-135mm lens?
What ISO do I shoot Ilford Delta 3200 in?
Can I compete with outdoor light using a diffused flash?
Can 30 1-second exposures be combined to a form the equivalent of a single 30s exposure?
Attaching a bridge camera to a telescope (62mm filter piece to a T-ring)
Should I buy a Canon Zoom Telephoto EF 75-300mm f/4.0-5.6 III or Tamron AF 75-300 mm f/4.0-5.6 LD?
Sharing Lightroom Catalog
Is high Chromatic Abberation typical with the Pentax f/1.8 50mm lens?
If PNG is Lossless Why Does Difference Blending Mode Show a Difference
CIE Chromatic Diagram explanation
What ruins undeveloped film?
Sigma 17-50 f/2.8 or Sigma 17-70 f/2.8-4 (C) for Canon 600D
Is there a quick fix for a DSLR which was dropped 3 feet and now won't turn on?
Is it possible to infer that an image is a photoshop if only one has "Original Transmission Reference" field?
Is it possible to adjust the user interface scaling in Lightroom on high-DPI display?
Need brighter flash. Shooting with Polaroid 600SE.
Is Protune for video only or may be used for photo too?
Is there a technical reason to go from RAW to an 8 bit TIFF?
Doesn't the spread of photographs on social media fall under copyright infringement?
What techniques were used to make the model's legs so skinny in this photograph?
How can I make dark images stand out when displayed on a website with a dark background?
calculate the 1/x format of shutter speed from given floating point value
Where can I find tables of common shutter speed and aperture values?
Which of my lenses to choose for shooting the Milky Way? 17mm 2.8 or 10mm 4.5?
Is it possible to get an interval precise up to 2 decimal places using a (software) intervalometer?
dropped a new fuji x100s
Is there a free application which can apply adobe Lens Correction Profile (.lcp) files?
Do you keep all of your photos?
Low light when using Macro Reversing Ring
Dramatic differences between UFRaw, GIMP, and JPG displays
Are there any Eye-Fi compatible apps that will show histograms?
How to maximise the impact of car headlight trails in long exposure
How is this "soft" effect achieved?
what is the barriers of making fast lenses?
Why do large format cameras seem to keep vertical lines vertical rather than converging?
Extract reflections from photo in Photoshop for use later?
In what way does the lens mount limit the maximum possible aperture of a lens?
Convert 10bit images under Linux
Best AUTO in entry-level DSLR
Focusing Screen for a Canon 60D using an 85mm f1.2 lens
Seeking a way for "authoritiative", proven method to prove that two photo images are "nearly identical"?
Why the faces in the corner tends to skew a bit in almost all smartphone cameras
What do I do about bright spots in my Nikon D810 images?
Canon 100d : How can I take a picture or timelapse of the Milky Way?
How to register a face in face recognition?
Gigabit ethernet on Canon EOS 1DX
Why is a wacom better than mouse for retouching?
How to set up my canon T3i for time exposure
Move developed pictures
Is it safe to store rechargeable lithium ion batteries and SD memory in a zip lock bag?
Low light photography with lens limitation
Is it possible to use the GoPro camera when it is connected to a pc/notebook with a USB Cable?
Canon 600 D on Adobe premiere
How do I find the filter size for Sigma lenses?
Closeup lenses: do size affect their performance? and how?
Can it be detected that a photo has been altered using MacBookPro "Preview"?
How can I make sun beams more visible in post-processing?
What are some common uses of various blending modes?
How do histograms handle highlight and shadow clipping?
How do I handle international copyright violations?
How to stop Nikon D3200 from shooting everything at ISO 3200 in Auto mode
What Singh Ray filter combo should I use for very long exposure coastline and landscape photos?
Camera dynamic range and Lightroom exposure slide
Is there any quality advantage to doing dark frame subtraction in camera?
Cheap underwater equipment for d300s
What is Lightroom *really* doing when I change a Camera Calibration?
Is there a tool which will resize photos based on level of actual detail in the original?
Is it normal for the Canon 6D to exhibit more color noise compared to a 50D?
Can I use my Olympus E-10 lenses on my Canon T3i?
Mounting Sigma 70-300mm 1:4-5.6 APO Macro Super on Nikon D3200
What is the purpose of gamma correction in today's screens and how does it relate to graphics and photography?
Add Exposure Time multiple times from the same image
Softboxes: How many heads?
Nikon D3200 Android USB control
How do I get focus right with a moving subject with a bridge camera like the Panasonic FZ 70/72?
How to know if a digital camera is doing anti-aliasing filtering?
What could have caused this splotch to appear?
How can I recover my camera's main setting or mode from the EXIF data?
Which mirrorless have the best live view for night photography?
Does Lightroom accurately show highlight and shadow clipping?
My laptop doesn't show Sd card, the camera says that it needs to be formated
How does an L bracket on a Canon 70D limit the LCD display movement?
Should lenses of equal quality for smaller sensors be cheaper?
HDR smartphone cameras: is it done in hardware or software?
Why doesn't the GoPro automatically correct for the fisheye distortion?
Night Auto Race photography
is there a real difference between "digital" and "film" lenses?
Nikon D5100 / D5200: which should I buy
What limits the size of digital imaging sensors?
D200 - bracketing - number of frames
Understanding Lenses Focal Length with Converters
Blurry Pictures. Lighting fine.
Why do photos of digital screens turn out the way they do?
Measuring pixel / area relative brightness
Why does increasing sensor size necessarily lead to lower silicon wafer utilization?
Where can I get replacement parts for a Mamiya RB67 film back?
Why does the use of multiple filters create vignetting?
Understanding Lenses and the Focal length and Distance of Shooting
Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 III remote for consumers without a smart phone?
Is CMYK less blue than sRGB?
How to get this effect (moving people, blurry, high-key)
I accidentally refrigerated my lens for a month. Should I be worried?
Is it bad to use old lenses on a new camera?
What are the disadvantages of SLT-cameras and are they THAT bad?
The Remote Code for Nikon D40?
Multiple exposures on medium format film
Is it a good idea to adapt a canon FD 50mm F1.8 on a MFT camera (lumix G5) for night sky shots?
Grey cards and there understandings
Output image of RawTherapee is different
Solutions to Multiple 70D Connected to a single computer?
How Do I Restore Aspect Ratio In Adobe Camera Raw
Should I expect better results from more expensive variable ND filters?
Different perspective of view in a Display
Camera Raw 8.4 plugin required
Updating Nikon DSLR firmware, do I need to install older missed updates?
Why does Lightroom only recognise my lens after I set the make?
Slideshow software for handling 1000000+ photos
Noise reduction before or after deconvolution?
Can Lightroom CC be sandboxed (Mac)?
Why can't I shoot continously with my Nikon DSLR?
Canon 1000D SD card maximum
How to enhance a reflection in post?
Photography and eye health
Photographing fireflies handheld at night
Photographing luminous clothing
Why does Lightroom disable chromatic abberation correction by default?
Olympus BH-2 Microscope and an Olympus E-3 DSLR
Why is "Equalize" interpreted differently in different programs?
Convert Exposure Time in seconds to a fraction
Can screw-in wide angle adapters/converters produce decent quality results?
Where to get serious portfolio book printed?
Which lens/focal length offers the widest viewing angle without too noticable distortion/fish-eye-effect?
Hour long exposure of the sun
Are Nikon DSLR sensors actually better than Canon's?
What causes the glitter/texture in bokeh?
How to recover deleted Lightroom files?
What is the maximum aperture consistent with the Nikon F-mount?
Should I turn off in-camera long exposure noise reduction when shooting for image stacking?
How to remove shiny spots from photography print on wood?
Why can't I view a picture preview on Windows 7?
Does camera calibration negate lens color quality?
Color film comparison: How does Fujifilm Superia compare to Kodak Portra?
How effective are the rear weather sealing rings on lenses?
Which of these two metrics is a good measurement of sharpness?
What to look for in a compact camera to take picture of black dog?
How does the iPhone 5s manage to take HDR photos at full-frame rate?
Does it matter whether I download a firmware update from Sony's US, UK or India sites?
Calculating the field of view for a Nexus 5
Can I make a 1:2 macro lens into 1:1 true macro using only bellows?
Is in-camera HDR and panorama better than post?
How to preserve image quality when exporting psd file to jpeg?
Is "exposure fusion" different from HDR?
How does a focus ring bring a subject in or out of focus?
Is it possible in Lightroom to change a develop property of multiple photos by a certain amount?
Can studio light be as good as sunlight?
how to use a circular polarizing filter
Why is it that parallel lines in 3D are not parallel in an Image?
Pixelstick wireless remote trigger alternative
Not quite straight lines; any help in Aperture?
Is this file size adequate for jpeg images?
Organizing photos for archival purposes, what format for metadata?
Device to make continuous high-resolution photos?
Canon lenses with Sony A7r
does depth of field travel with the focal plane?
Why does my camera turn off after taking 2 to 3 shots?
How do I improve the contrast of trees in a black and white photograph?
DSLR recommendation, question about old Canon 35mm film Camera & lenses
Why do macro lenses have such recessed front elements?
Why I can See EXTRA info with the hex editor and not with an EXIF tool
How does an apodization filter improve bokeh?
Is it possible to do time lapse photography with a Canon 70D without using a laptop?
Silver Efex Pro competitors
Is there a setting for the adjustment brush in Lightroom that makes the "edit pins" disappear?
Speedlite 430EX II & Canon 60D
Dust particles seen through viewfider
Difference between zoom and focal length?
How do zoom, magnification, and focal length relate?
How to get long hair to fan?
Infinity focus problem
Is there a way to overcome focus breathing in deep macro focus stacking?
How significant is difference in dynamic range between Sony A7 and Canon 5D Mark II?
Clear container to take photographs through
How do I accurately capture the colour of sunlight on a wall?
Lens recommendation for upcoming NYC trip?
How do I map white balance settings on the Sony NEX to Lightroom?
Why refer to "aperture" as "iris"?
Nikon D5100 “Press Shutter Release Button Again” error, but fixing itself after left alone for a while
Where does the price premium of full-frame come from?
Why does ISO sensitivity affect sequential burst mode duration?
Aperture of Photography
Can removing the lens while pressing the DoF preview button damage the equipment?
Are lens adapters with mechanical aperture control really working well?
Why do medium format (digital) cameras capture better dynamic range?
Why can't I get the wire to latch when replacing Nikon D5100 focusing screen?
Is there a way to delay shutter release when using a remote shutter, possibly with the aid of Magic Lantern?
I've dropped my 6d from about 4 feet up. how do I verify I didn't mess up something?
What are the pros and cons of constant-aperture zoom lenses, for a relative beginner?
What's the best way to use a flash and colour gel as a back light?
Why can lenses only focus from so close?
Composing great profile/cover images for social media
I tried to use the "Sunny 16 rule" but it didn't work, why?
Using "Auto & Red eye reduction" flash setting when no eyes are present in the photo?
How does auto focus tracking work in DSLRs
is framerate the same for video as for photo?
AC to DC Adapter for Digital Camera. How many Amps or mAh should I get?
How to remove 'Program Name: Adobe Photoshop' from the metadata?
Invariants in subject size and depth of field?
Which galaxies can we photograph with a DSLR and a telephoto lens?
Problem in white balancing photographs taken in sun
What did the "macro" switch/mode do on older zoom lenses?
After how many shots is a camera considered old?
Pentax k-30: can i buy all lens not stabilized?
image enhancement to read car plate
How do I most efficiently reduce noise on images from my Olympus TG-3?
How to lock aperture using Reverse ring with Canon 600D?
nikkon, sony or cannon
Comparing LRPS and BPE awards
What is subpixel sharpening?
How to retain focus point information in JPEGs exported from Lightroom?
Can't move images in a selection (normal selection, not a smart collection) in Lightroom 5 every once in a while
Going to Italy - My 7d needs a wide angle lens
Is it better to get water-resistant camera bag for cycling, or upgrade to a weather-resistant camera?
Nikon D7000 and Nikkor 28 2.8 is not working together
When should I consider an image sharp?
Most effective way to get detailed photo of a dog's eyes
How to show happiness in a playground without any human presence?
How should I handle the poor quality of my camera's rear LCD screen?
Lightroom: Reject a photo in compare view?
Bulk color-correct portrait backgrounds
1/30 shutter speed with film camera
How to make a long-expodure photo
How can I hack 35mm film into a 120mm camera and have it safely received?
How do I use an exposure of 1 minute or longer, on the Sony NEX-5R?
What are the benefits of using a dedicated macro lens over a zoom with macro abilities
How advanced is phase detect AF for bird photography compared to contrast detect AF?
Which camera to buy - Canon EOS 6D or Canon EOS 7D Mark II
Will a 600rt Flash work with a 70d using radio control?
How does focal length determine lens quality?
fEE error using Nikon 85mm1.8 with nikon D80 camera
Trouble with Camera settings
Stepping up my lighting for lego photography
Why does this lens lose focus when you zoom in but not when you zoom out?
Why would you have a light meter chose your aperture for you?
Does fps relate to still photography or videography?
Can changing metering mode change focus?
Is it assured that every type of lens will be made for a given interchangeable lens camera?
How can I activate my AF assist beam on my external flash?
Can I deduce the max. shutter speed from other camera specs?
Approximating a wide XPan shot
Is it possible to know the value of color temperature that camera applied on JPEG Images at taken moment?
What are the pros and cons of setting my camera to lock exposure on half press?
What settings should I use to take a burst at the highest possible FPS?
Lens Adapters For Point and Shoot Cameras?
Does it matter to put grid before or after sock/diffuser?
Measure rolling shutter severity of image sensor scientifically
Multiple cameras tethering?
Replacing a Lens Mount
Does the Sony A7 have a way to automatically adjust exposure parameters with a button press in M mode?
Why do my camera shots have a dark area at the top?
When does the Sony NEX-5R use release priority?
Find focus and effective range of single focus camera
Why has my camera stopped taking pictures in low light?
What causes the lines in these photos of a fluorescent tube?
How can I increase the effective focal length of my lenses?
Why does my Nikon D70 reject memory card after infrared conversion?
Is it possible to use a flash for modern DSLR on an older film camera?
Studio backdrop for clean colored background?
Which focal length lens do I need for portrait and landscape photography?
Why do I see posterization in photoshop (and aperture) when I don't see it on my LCD screen?
Does Lightroom take sensor size into account when applying lens correction profiles?
Where can I get cheap neutral density filters that work in the near infra-red?
Controlling multiple cameras
Waterproof Long Distance Wireless Shutter Release?
What is the equivalent f/stop for 50mm?
How to get photos to be under 500 pixels
What are the 5 basic lighting setups used in studio portrait photography?
How do I get that soft white look in my photos?
Can I output from Lightroom with zero padded numbered names for use in contact cards?
How do waterproof lenses focus underwater?
Do I need to leave my Nikon camera on for three days to recharge the backup battery?
Can a 2 mp camera produce a 2 mb sized file?
How can I use flash with large apertures?
How is the number of stops of benefit provided by VR determined?
Converting cameras for infrared use: When does the filter have to be replaced, and when is simply removing it ok?
Auto focus vs Single Continuous/Point focus
Why do I get different white balance results from a grey card vs a white card?
How can I reduce the effect of sodium vapor street lights in night photography?
Free softwares for editing
how to determine how much power to use in manual mode for external flash?
Does the Canon EOS Rebel T5/1200D have any dust related problems?
Light meter calculations on micro four thirds
Sony a77 doesn't recognize Rokinon 85mm manual lens
How can I convert a photo to a fixed palette with pre-defined weighted color proportions?
Is it possible to bracket with flash only around a manual setting on Nikon D7000+SB700?
Programmable cameras that can take multiple shots at different focus settings
Big sensor and landscape photography, DoF
Adjustable group shot (add/remove people)
Need advice on ND filters
Can a ghostlike image be caused by a overlap with previous frame on an SD card?
Is the camouflage texture of certain wildlife lens covers relevant?
What should I use to reassemble single 35mm film negatives into strips for scanning?
What kinds of images can I produce the least noise in when shooting in low light?
In what kinds of images would high noise be most manageable?
Is it possible to take a five minute exposure with a Canon Powershot SX 160 IS?
How do I shoot a panorama with a Nikon D5200?
Why would D90 preset white balance be no good
Why do pixels appear when skies are darkened using the graduation in Lightroom?
How do you focus a shot with an IR/UV passfilter?
Dropped Nikon D50: auto focus not working
What is CMOS in SLR camera?
Canon t3 screen issue
Is the Canon 24mm f/1.4L II good for weddings?
Why are big apertures used for landscape photography?
What's the use of exposure bracketing in film cameras?
Map R+G+B+infrared to R+G+B?
What specific features do people upgrade camera bodies for?
What is the maximum rate at which you could shoot frames (for a time lapse) on a Canon t5i?
Can a photo of a book page be copyrighted?
Difference between Small Raw, Medium Raw and Raw in Canon 70D
Viewfinder coverage: is it area or angle of view?
Incorrect exposed images when shooting sports
Why does crop factor apply with APS-C lenses, and why aren't these brighter than FF ones at same aperture?
What's the difference between zooming in on a subject vs moving closer?
How to know if a Canon lens is compatible with my Nikon camera body?
Why does the camera say Subject is too Dark and refuse to click the shutter
Can I use my room's wall as a diffuser for a spot light?
How do I calculate the number of stops between two shutter speeds?
Can I get a damaged Canon 70-300mm repaired more cheaply?
How does iResolution on Panasonic Lumix DMC-GM1 (Micro Four Thirds) work?
How can I make a picture like this one of a bridge in green landscape seem less plain?
How to make camera LCD show true RAW data in JPG preview and histogram?
Missing photos on a roll of film?
Advice on Canon 7D Autofocus problems?
Dull and grainy photos
Long Exposure shot - subject too bright
How to resize RAW image files without converting to JPEG?
Difference between long exposure in a dim room Vs. short exposure in a well-lit room (using a tripod, ISO 100)
Lumia 1020 Auto settings information?
Blurry night time photos
How can I improve this long exposure image?
Do I use the crop factor in calculating aperture size and area?
What do the healing brush tools in photoshop do exactly?
Why is Nikon 13 mm f/5.6 (the Holy Grail) considered extreme?
Taking multiple shots in Nikon HDR mode
Difference between Minolta MC and MD mounts and can they be used on AF camera?
Do I need other camera lenses if I have an 18-200mm or other super-zoom?
In ACR 8.6, is there a shortcut-key to toggle the "Convert to grayscale" checkbox?
Is lens geometric distortion, chromatic aberration and light fall off still as much of an issue?
Is there a way to get image names from DSLR to a tethered tablet?
How should I handle auto focus on a moving train
How to Bond Leg that I Broke of my Mini-Tripod?
Is it possible to share albums privately on Flickr?
Could a drop at the height of 50cm damage my Nikon D3100?
Standards or widespread guidelines for updating of Exif or other metadata when modifying photos or other images?
Convolution algebra and capture, creative, and output sharpening
Dynamic range of Sony RX-100
How does Jefry Chandra edit his photos?
How can I open a very, very large image to downsize it?
Why are my pictures so shakey?
Climbing trees and getting equipment up there
What is the difference between the Canon EF 14mm f/2.8L USM and 14mm f/2.8L II USM?
Can color effects achieved by Levels or Curves in Photoshop be replicated by Gradient Maps?
Why isn't the aperture visibly changing on my lens when it appears like it is changing on my camera?
Why can't I use my 64 GB SD card in my Nikon D60?
Software to manage imports under Linux in addition to Corel After Shot
Do focal length changing lens adapters affect the F-stop of a lens?
What's the best lens for shooting baby's and children?
Is there a viable way to touch up the paint on an old camera body?
video images vs. burst images
What setup/techniques is beaches.com using on their photos?
What is a pump zoom lens?
Why are there white outlines around the subject in this photo when zoomed in?
Just Add Sand: What kind of sand should I fill my sandbags with, and where can I find some for cheap?
Problem with processing .CR2 format in Linux
How can I better take indoor photographs with wide aperture and low light?
How can I determine the amount of disk space used by my Lightroom photo collection?
How can I take long exposures on Nikon D7000 with a wireless remote?
Why is it called ISO "speed"?
How do I get to be a ringside professional at wrestling promotions?
What cloth patterns and colours should be preferred for clothes while shooting portraits in black and white?
How to interpret a histogram to know whether the photo is under or over exposed?
Is there a Windows panorama stitching package that can stitch RAW files?
Should the Canon EOS 6D get hot when connected to Wi-Fi?
Darktable - How to do localized editing with masks?
What's the best workflow for shooting stationary objects in a makeshift studio?
How to get consistent white balance on a 3 photo stack?
How long will exposed film retain some latent image?
How does long exposure photography work on digital cameras?
RF Flash triggers and transmitters
Recreate existing software filter from example
How does a modern DSLR camera and lens actually adjust its aperture
What is development by inspection (DBI) and how is it done?
What settings should I use to get a good GoPro 4 night timelapse of the sky?
What is meant by pixels and DPI for photo submissions?
Why is there no image noise in my webcam dark frame photographs?
What's the dynamic range of the iPhone 6 Plus?
Nikon D800 Image Not Sharp
How to calculate mean/average photo color in GIMP?
How do I do macro photography with a Tamron 18-270 VC macro lens?
Close range stereoscopic recording
Can a detached rewind crank on a Superheadz UWS leave my film accidentally exposed?
When would I _not_ want to use the content-aware mode of Photoshop's spot healing brush?
How do I shorten the "loading" of photos on the card?
Is it fundamentally possible to capture an orthographic image of the real world?
What is the benefit of a wide-aperture lens if you stop it down?
Fit photos to available screen real estate in Lightroom on Retina/HiDPI screen
Prevent Yellowing Under High Intensity Discharge Lights
Can I trigger multiple Yongnuo manual speedlight with one Nikon camera?
Why Isn't This Photograph Pin Sharp?
Lightroom upload to Flickr: Replace Re-Published photos
Unable to Install Canon Solution Disc
Is the attached digital camera on the top have the same magnification than visible in eyepiece?
How is it that DNG files are smaller?
DNG updates settings in the file itself?
Can I fix a M42 50mm lens myself?
Considerations for Photographing a Nude Wedding
Sharp, in focus portraits - analyse an example please
How to remove unwanted colors in picture?
Does Nikon make an external battery for the D7100?
Canon 70D - What happened to flash group C?
Canon T2i - Pop-up flash does not pop up
How to open a raw file in Camera Raw full size rather than cropped to in-camera aspect ratio?
Getting UFRAW into GIMP 2.8.14 on Yosemite
How to take unreal looking flower shots?
Photo in windows preview show as portrait but in photoshop or msword show as landscape
Is there software on Macintosh for adding GPS data to RAW files?
Does it matter what edge finding algorithm you use?
Does simply opening and closing a JPEG file decrease image quality?
I was asked to design a calendar using my photos, what do I charge for the "art fee" for 12 photos, should my name and copyright be included?
How can I give an assitant rights to edit without having the possibility to download the image?
How to minimize/avoid purple fringing before/during shooting
What focal length does Lee Jeffries use for his portraits?
Are 24MB JPEGs sufficient for stock photography?
How to mount a Gopro to DSLR?
Does it make sense to "Expose to the Right" except at base ISO?
Why does enabling color management make my colors desaturated?
Canon 70D with Neewer/Godox TT560 flash not working in hot-shoe
Any way to bring more detail back in the face in this picture of a man in dim stage lighting?
How can I avoid the "Low Light!" warning with Samsung S1050 compact camera in Night mode?
Is it possible to use the lenses from a Canon Xl1 on a modern DSLR?
How can I use a reflector for wider group shots?
Can I do a timelapse on my Nikon Coolpix l820?
DSLR in AF mode. Do we need to use Focus ring on lens?
How can I strip tags from a JPEG without removing the color profile?
What are the "Continous" and "ISO Sensitivity" settings in auto mode on a Coolpix l820?
Does Sony DT 18-135mm SAM lens has Full-time Manual focus feature
What is a good software for creating an archive of photos?
sorting photos from every minute to every hour
Wide-angle lens 'point and shoot' -- Does it exist?
What do lens distortion data values a, b and c actually mean?
Lens cap alternative to Canon cap which won't risk damaging my filter?
D3200 "Lighting is Poor; Flash Recommended" with 35mm f1.8DX lens on Manual
Simplest setup for photographing large woodflooring panels indoors
How can I get photographs which look like 3D renderings?
How to shoot/capture the droplets of water being sprayed through a spray bottle
How to flag multiple photos in Lightroom?
Fungus cleaning from a Nikon superzoom
Why are large zoom ratio constant apertures lenses not generally available?
Color spaces for large prints / and or web
Nikon D3200 does not recognize the Nikkor AF-S 50mm 1.8G
Lightroom: how to insert Lens data to many photos at once?
Horrible quality of prints developed from film
Single remote trigger for fifty cameras
Nikon D3000 70-300 Nikon lens - How to get lens converter off the lens?
Minimum requirements to capture a "Street View"-like photo?
How to change which modules are auto-applied in Darktable?
How can I improve portraits when shooting in low light without flash?
Lightroom- How to import into same folder from different day?
Lightroom- Renaming timeline files to the exported name
Does front-curtain sync put blur in front of an object, and rear-curtain sync behind it?
Does the K1000 need a battery to trigger the flash?
Does the Exposure Slider in Adobe Camera Raw Have Same Effect as in camera Exposure Compensation?
Camera stops by itself while shooting, or shows no battery, then ok again?
Canon 600D Images
What to gain from using a Nikkor AF-S 85mm f/1.8G instead of a AF-S Nikkor 35mm 1.8G
Android application similar to Apple Aperture / Adobe Lightroom?
What is the difference between Reversing Ring and Reverse Protect Ring?
What are the sales volumes of 50/1.4 and 50/1.8 lenses?
Why does AF assist light only work with center focus?
How do I measure the correlated color temperature of a light source with a DSLR without a gray card?
Can I use a Metz flash with Yongnuo trigger?
How to fix chromatic aberration with free software?
How many stops are there between 1/4000 and 1" shutter speeds
how to convert CR2 to jpg in batches on digital photo professional 4.1
Is it better for a beginner to start with black and white photography?
Easy DIY photo paper?
How can I use tethering software together with a wireless trigger for my Nikon D5100?
Is there a medium format film scanner that has an automatic feed?
Can a lens be a zoom lens and a macro lens at the same time?
Problems with shutter speeds in landscape orientation with Canon New F-1
Does a "body-only" DSLR need a lens added before use?
Nikon D750 or D5300 for YouTube Videos and macro/landscape photography?
What is difference between a 18-55mm and 18-105mm lens?
How do I calculate the ground footprint of an aerial camera?
How do I get accurate color when taking a photo of an LED?
Exporting jpg files from Lightroom without develop adjustments
Source for colored Wratten filters?
How can the focal length of a lens be many times greater than the lens's physical length?
How do I tell if an image is exposed correctly when I can't trust the LCD?
How to estimate camera sensor size?
How should I select a price for a landscape image?
What should I buy? (new body vs. lens)
My roll of film didn't rewind inside all the way
Why did my whole roll of film shot with my Olympus Infinity Zoom come out blank?
How can I achieve a soft but detailed film look digitally?
Whats wrong with my roll of film?
Nikon D200 battery woes
Why do some programs show my portrait photographs in the wrong orientation?
How can i check the details of my photos clicked by nikon 5100
What is a "crisp" photo?
Why are there so few high quality APS-C telephoto lenses?
How can I extract just the value of a tag without the name using exiftool?
Why does the YN-565EX need a radio trigger with the YN-560-TX?
Does the Canon 6D do focus-point spot metering or center spot metering?
What is the difference between this wireless flash trigger and wireless flash controller?
How to transfer all my photos from my Canon camera to my iPad mini in wi-fi?
How can I use a vintage M42 manual prime on an entry Nikon DSLR?
Making the whole photo in focues using Nikon D7100 with nikkor 18-105 mm
What can cause yellowish horizontal bands when using a relatively high shutter speed?
How can I get the Shutter Actuations/Count for my Nikon D5300?
How to clean a studio light bulb?
How can I calibrate a Dell U2412M for 100% of Adobe RGB?
Why is "fine art" photography predominantly in B&W?
Image in focus at the back (LCD) but not when shown in computer
Is this a genuine Nikon Lens Pen?
Need to know the size for printing a poster
How to clean an old metal newspaper photo engraved plate?
Can I use my Vivitar 283 flash with any DSLR cameras?
How do I produce a black negative?
Is light fall off corrected for in modern cameras?
What factors are important for a camera maker to upgrade an existing model?
Nikon Lens - Stopping down causes over exposure in Aperture Priority mode
What is difference between Canon EF-S 18-55 mm IS and EF-S 18-55 mm IS II lenses?
Can I enable pixel binning on Canon PowerShot G1X?
Nikon D3100 taking black images. Stuck shutter?
How was this long exposure photo taken?
Which alloys are used in the Canon EF 300mm f/2.8L?
When might you use multi flash on a speedlight?
How well does Nikon CLS commander mode work outdoors?
Is there a Canon equivalent of the Nikon CLS?
What setup would I need to photograph the numbers of a plane overhead?
Can I take pictures at Little League game without official permission or payment?
Night portrait photography problem in lightning
Choosing between a normal lens and a zoom 35-70mm lens
Should I use 0.976 as the Canon 5D mkII Crop Factor / Focal Length Multiplier?
How to judge the difference between the real photo and what you see in LCD?
Panoramic camera and length measurements
Who shaped portraiture pre 1960, and how?
Why do I get blurry pictures at far distances, but sharp results up close?
Can someone explain film speeds to me?
How much light do I need for handheld product photography in a lightbox
Why is my Canon Digital IXUS/ELPH making distorted photos with purple cast
How should I respond to a lowball offer for commercial use of one of my photographs?
Handicapped shooter needs remote view finder display
What are these green numbers on my Canonet’s aperture scale?
camera for b&w fine art
Canon printer not printting .tiff files at the correct size
Where can I get poster printing for higher resolution than 5400 x 3600 for 36" x 24"?
What are the differences in cost per picture for home photo printers?
Films and x-ray scanning in airports
How is this effect created in Photoshop?
Suggestions for Desktop Archiving Software using Blu-Ray disc
Is it okay to store a battery in its (unplugged) charger?
How long can Contax T2 work with a brand new CR123 battery?
Which polarizer is better
Will a Soligor 35-70mm C/FD fit on my Canon AT-1? Or do I need a specific lens mount?
Do different lenses affect noise level?
Why are lens apertures usually 1.4, 1.8, 2.8, 4...?
Camera Insurance for a 3 Month Winter Expedition?
Nikon D3200 lens flange has undocumented Button or lever
What is 5-axis optical stabilisation? How does it work?
How to set correct exposure in low light condition
astrophotography with Nikon D3300 is possible?
Stack of 4 seconds exposure photos of Milky Way, how is it done?
Apply adjustment brush area to video in Lightroom 5.3
How to measure angle of tilt of a camera on a tripod?
Why use JPEG instead of RAW?
Working on JPEG saved from RAW is this the same as working on RAW ?
What is the impact of changes between the old and new Nikon 18-300mm lens?
How can I tell which Instagram filter was used?
How can I blur the background of an image using Capture One Pro?
Will a 18-140 lens be good for basketball stadium photographs?
How can I keep my camera warm while photographing time lapses over a few hours of 25F / - 4C temperatures?
Achieving dark matte background in studio
How does autofocus confirm work with manual lenses?
Astro-photography - 8 inch Schmidt-Cassegrain vs 10 inch Newtonian
Is it possible to trigger a Canon 600 EX-RT with a Fuji's on-camera flash?
How would I blur something out of a photo?
Do DSLRs allow use of electronic shutter for photography for stop-motion?
Why my Uniross Ni-Cd batteries are not getting charged?
Are there any downsides to scaling down unsharp images?
Is saving money buying a tripod with only 1.5kg payload false economy?
Diagnose a damaged lens from focus test results
How do you achieve this brownish skin color moody look on your photos?
Why are gray cards, and not red or other colour, used for camera metering?
Deciding between two lenses
What's a "photopolymer holographic diffuser"?
What photo sharing sites allow frequent re-uploading from Lightroom in the background?
What is this style of photo called?
Why professional photographers use DSLR?
How to respect the dimensions when we reduce the images?
Do pro photographers use "Auto Lighting Optimizer"?
How to shoot light trail photos with iPhone?
Can I update the Camera Raw part of Lightroom?
Focus Effect for Canon Powershot SX520
How can I use my Minolta 3500xi flash with my Sony A camera?
I don't see the hole in the lens getting bigger or smaller, so is it damaged?
Will moldable play foam work in a camera bean bag?
Why isn't my grey card giving me repeatable results in the same room with different lighting?
Using Rokinon 14mm or Tamaron 17-50mm as a general purpose lens (APS-C)?
Can I reproduce a photo taken with a larger sensor by converting camera settings to their equivalents?
How do I set the aperture on my Canon camera with an old Zuiko lens mounted with an adapter?
Why does the FoV of adapted lenses seem to be the same as kit lenses with the same focal length?
closeup filter vs dedicated macro lens
How do I set up my studio for shooting large rugs from the ceiling?
How to create lighting with rays on the background?
How can I create a collage of over 2000 photos?
What camera settings would make shooting easy in a darkish church?
How to do time lapse with bracketing burst?
Why would someone want a plain screw rather than a release plate?
What to do to replace an aging Four Thirds DSLR?
Canon DSLR T5 Lens Compatibility
How to prevent a child from accidentally deleting photos during playback?
What's the difference between wedding album print types?
Is the Nikon D5200 good enough for professional use, such as wedding parties?
Is it possible to see images on screen when shooting in continuous mode on a Nikon d5300?
Moving the Color Trim to Quick Control Screen
What is the purpose of the little metal cylinder the focus ring of certain FD lenses?
How can I wrap a new pattern around a 3D object in a photograph?
JPEG image problem
Can two or more different models of Yongnuo flash work together?
What are the specifications for a mini-jack shutter cord?
How to estimate the minimum magnification to capture features of a certain size?
Is there a name for the style of putting a strong color gradient over a photograph?
How does the usual jpeg 0-100 quality settings translate into Photoshop's 0-12 quality setting?
How can I extract the captions from Facebook albums?
Is it possible to smartly control the camera from a smartphone using a wireless module?
How to make a 3d model from an object in a photograph?
What to do about autofocus problems on a brand new SLR?
Why does it look better when skilled photographers apply filters and tricks to their photos?
What cameras are the amaro, mayfair, walden instagram filters based on / inspired by?
Valid value for shutter speed based on Focal Length
Where can I find 4x, 8x, and 12x lens adapters for a 30mm ring size wearable camera?
Long exposure mode in Nikon with a Remote shutter control
Shutter button full-press on Powershot SX700 HS: immediate shot without autofocus
How durable are zoom lenses?
What is the name of the Canon SX60 HS Wireless Protocol?
Can I use a 55mm close-up filter on a lens with 67mm filter threads?
What kind of plastic is used for good camera bodies?
HOW TO SHOOT LARGE CARPETS
What are the technical difficulties behind building a sensor with high dynamic range like the human eye?
What is the relationship between ICC profiles and the color modes of my wide-gamut monitor?
In Auto mode, the shutter speed on my D3000 is too slow
How does software that extracts or views EXIF work?
D90 and lenses upgrade
What can cause blurry and out of focus images on a Nikon D5300 in no flash mode?
Which lens cap do I need for an Olympus 14-45 f/3.5-5.6 lens?
How do I generate a mask of the skin tones in an image?
What modifiers and workflow should I use to light a hand-painted muslin background?
Is it possible to control sliders of darktable from tablet?
Why does my Nikon FE occasionally fire at ¹⁄₉₀th regardless of setting?
How can I best record and improve my pre-shoot planning process?
How can I see the *real* raw values from a raw file?
Settings on ISO and Aperture for Sunset on Canon 600D
What criteria to consider to match cameras and lenses for shooting people at parties?
Why can't I set my Pentax K-5 IIs to ISO 100?
Using a linear polarizing filter with a DSLR
Can you use EOS Utility to Manual Focus whilst remote shooting movies?
How should I specify minimum quality requirements for images submitted to my image archive?
What hood fits a Canon 70-300mm telephoto USM IS lens?
Confused between 2 "pro" point & shoot cameras
How to prevent condensation inside the camera when taking pictures in a cold place?
Nikon d3100 edited images not saved on SD card
Why can I see beyond sRGB in CIE Chromatic Diagram
What is the advantage of using L*a*b in Photoshop?
Alternative to EOS Remote app for 6D?
do mirrorless camera lenses have automatic diaphragms
Utilities for comparing different JPEG compression engines?
About AV mode in Canon DSLR
Can the Canon 600D take images one stop up & down for creating an HDR image?
Will a faster lens, like f/1.4, help get better Milky Way images?
Are there any hardshell covers / protectors for lenses?
How do I lower ISO in an intentionally dark photo and maintain contrast?
Methods for dithering a DSLR
What are the different types of light brackets?
Senior picture 72 dpi vs 300 dpi
Advice on shooting a magazine centerfold
How to capture snow flake?
What is the purpose of pre-focusing on a Canon AF35m ii?
Is it possible to develop cyanotypes with an LCD projector, given the need for UV?
Nikon SB-600 flash will not fire; what can I do to fix it?
Can the Panasonic GH4 remotely fire a Canon Speedlight 320EX?
How to seamlessly rate in Photo Mechanic but also edit in Lightroom?
Using the Lumix GM-1 for Aurora
What do I need to know about using a polarizing filter at night?
Are Nikon focus screens cross compatible?
Advice on developing expired Kodacolor 400 film
How is this high-key, bright cityscape effect achieved?
How well will a Canon 2x extender work with a 60D and 100-400mm L?
Using nikon lenses on a canon body
Why does a small change in focal length of two lenses make a $1000.00 difference in the price?
Should I store unedited/raw, edited, or watermarked images while backing up on DVD/CD?
Giving compact digital camera a Brain
"Shooting was interrupted, Sweep faster" error when taking a panorama on Fujifilm FinePix S9400W
What should I look for in lenses for long range and close up animal and natural shots?
Is using a large aperture with flash uncommon?
Why do some photos show entirely black when exporting a 1080p slideshow from iPhoto?
Where is the focal point of a camera lens?
MY canon D1200 doesn't take a picture in AF mode
what qualities should I be looking for in a long range lens
How do I scan old negatives that have black dividing lines versus the clear lines on the newer negatives?
What works with RC2 quick release?
How to calculate camera settings for a family group portrait with a film camera and flash?
Best approach to handle flash with my film camera?
What are the possible reasons my Pentax K-r malfunctions when using flash?
How can I adjust white balance for many photos by the same amount in Lightroom?
What might cause horizontal artifacts in Lightroom after import?
Can I charge the battery inside a Nikon D90 through the camera's USB port?
Does the Nikon EH-5a AC Adapter also charge the battery
Do professionals really never use a 24-70 lens?
How can I use a manual-focus Minolta MC Rokkor-PF 55mm SLR lens on a four-thirds system?
How can I print a 4x6 image to 4x6 photo paper with a 1/4" border?
Why do digital cameras not have an iso rating?
So my iPhone 6 camera lens is as wide as my full frame 35mm DSLR lens?
What is the photography term for blurred / dragged lights?
How to adjust colours displayed on MacBook Pro?
How do I take a "projector output" photo, showing the beam from my car's headlights?
Why does L*=0 not correspond to black in the L*a*b* color space?
Photography in public places: Is it allowed or needs permission
applying random instagram type filters to a bunch of photos
Will a charger for Canon 60D batteries work on 40D batteries?
Calculate angle/field of view from 2D image
Will my photo look good as a canvas?
How to shoot a 220 yard photo with an 18-135mm lens
How safe is it to photograph sunset or sunrise?
Nikkor 70-200 2.8 VRII - Does Autofocus <5m really work?
Is there a standard vocabulary for posing?
How do I import an iPhoto library into Lightroom, keeping adjustments intact?
Off-camera flash bracket - flash position
Where is a camera's preview image stored, when shooting in RAW?
Can I use Canon lenses on a Nikon dSLR?
Is it safe to use old Yashica Flash on a Nikon D3200?
How can I get good motion shots (long exposure) of the sea in daylight?
Thinking of buying a canon 550D - few questions
Does the lens I just bought have a fungus?
Where to announce or release 'opensource' photos
What is a "rail system"? What about rods?
How to use Hugin straight line control points?
What is the meaning of the distance parameter for line control points?
What should I look for in a wireless flash trigger for a home studio?
How can I take wide angle macro photos with a Nikon APS-C camera?
Color schemes and perception: If L*-linearity does not imply perceptual intensity linearity, then what is the best metric of perceptual intensity?
Weird sticky liquid on old tripod (+10 years)
Brighten a subject without Flash
What type of lens mount is this SOM Berthiot?
Unusual ideas for a 10 yr old taking photos on theme of 'Cold'?
Canon 1000D shutter stuck. How to fix?
How to turn an external flash off and reactive the incorporated one (Canon 600D)?
shooting night sky photos with nikon d3300
Is Nikon D3200 optimal for my situation?
700D how to blink on over-exposure?
Canon 60d Wireless Remote
Portrait photographer asked to shoot a wedding — how should I respond?
Polariser and ND together
Commercial use of photos of toys?
22-inch Beauty Dish with speedlight?
Is Lighroom available only as a subscription?
How can I remove shine on someone's face in Lightroom?
How to achieve the effect of blurred moving clock hands in photoshop?
Is Nikon D40X still good enough for a beginner?
Rename a file based on whichever tag contains the earliest or oldest date?
What went wrong with this concert photo and what could I have done to make it better?
Can I use an optical slave flash with my Sony DSC RX100?
Can I use a Vivitar Auto Thyristor 3700 Flash with my Nikon D3100?
What are the advantages and disdvantages of the Canon 18-55 IS MKII vs IS STM kit lenses?
How to remove dust from inside lens and prevent recurrence
what are these strange artifacts on this photo?
My Nikon D3100 says no lens attached when I use a T-Mount with it
How well will a nonweatherproof Canon Rebel DSLR hold up in the cold and snow?
Mirror lens for Nikon D5200 camera
How does the Minolta AF 24 mm f2.8 compare to the Sigma AF 24mm F2.8?
Did I make a mistake in choosing a D5300 rather than an older higher-end model?
1/250 flash sync useful with a 180 mm lens?
How to use a green screen to change the background color while preserving shadows?
Nikon D5100: should I avoid the firmware update if I want to use 3rd party batteries?
Which Canon lens would be best for landscapes and night skies?
Canon EOS SL1 - Manual focus stopped working
Are USB connectors for Nikon D300 (or all camera using USB Mini-B plugs) standardized?
How to programmatically determine as-shot ColorTemp from NEF (RAW) file?
Pentax K-r: how do I turn off multiple exposure?
How can a Gossen Sixtomat light meter work without electricity?
Is there a way to use an extender on a Canon EF-S lens?
Canon T5i (lp-e8) high capacity battery grip/battery bank?
CCD sensors use a digital shutter. Why don't the more expensive CMOS sensors?
Nikon AF-S 55-300mm VR vs. Tamron SP 70-300mm VC USD
How do I zoom in during image playback on a Nikon D3300?
Cheapest camera possible to use for "scanning" slides using a projector and a camera
Is there a way to 'lock' an image's history stack in darktable?
What's the difference between using an Image Stabilization and not using it?
How would an experienced photographer have taken this shot of a man selling old stuff in a city market?
Is there a flash system that will work with for both Canon 5DMKIII and Sony A7MKII?
Does hyperfocal distance only apply to manual focussing?
Can HDR technique be used to take picture of a subject with bright background?
How can I reduce the recycling time between shots when the built-in flash is enabled?
How are aperture changes implemented on D-series Nikkor lenses?
What is the most honest way to cite pixel count (resolution)?
Compositing partially-overlapping objects with little depth of field
How can I fix the overly-bright background in my landscape photo?
How important is it to buy the Sigma USB dock?
How to Get a Whiter Background when Taking Photos Against An Off White Wall?
Compositing images while preserving focus blur
Best program to batch compress JPGs with minimal loss?
Can I use older screw-type lenses on a Nikon DSLR?
Whatever happened to dust?
Is cropping out someone's ear a no-no in a portrait?
What to bounce?
Weird rainbow colored chromatic aberration
What is the diameter of my lens?
How can I avoid green flare on my sunrise photos?
What exactly happens when one turns the focus ring on a DSLR while shooting video?
How to brighten stars in Photoshop?
My RAW .NEF files cant show properly in windows 7 image viewer
How do you even see the focus area rectangle when in dark?
How to calculate the correct focal length needed for a subject of a given size and distance?
Do old sepia photographs fade to neutral gray, or is something else going on here?
How to disable automatic cropping that's done after distortion correction in DxO Optics Pro 9 or 10?
Does Pentax make a lens adapter to fit Olympus lenses?
When should I (if at all) start a new Lightroom catalog?
Why is the battery on my Panasonic dmc tz8 draining in a few hours even though it's off?
Does this test chart show that my kit lens front focused?
Setting slower shutter speeds for canon 5d mark ii
Why does "bulb" mode usually rely on holding the shutter button?
Recovering Lightroom edits after a system hard drive failure
How can I get better photos of people on a lit stage using a Galaxy S5 phone?
Converting ARW pictures taken with a Sony A6000 to PNG or TIFF with ImageMagick
Combining multiple exposures
Do flash guide numbers assume some amount of ambient light built-in?
Is there a reason to get a newer iPad to use with Capture Pilot?
Why does my generic Chinese intervalometer stop short of selected number of frames?
Easiest way to have Lightroom destructively replace RAW files with TIFF files?
How to save large photos with web safe colors?
How does the Tamron 70-200mm F/2.8 without VR/IS compare to the Nikon 70-300mm F/4.5-5.6 VR?
Does the Pentax K1000 have a sensor for a remote shutter release?
What is the difference between Nikon NCP and NP2 picture control files?
How does the Nikkor 35mm prime compare to the Nikkor 40mm Micro for portraits?
Is it possible to get smaller aperture with diaphragm in front of the lens?
Nikon D7000 thinks aperture of non-cpu lens is always 16 and overexposes photos
What did pros do when their photos storage getting huge?
How do I reset Ufraw to default settings in Windows?
I need a camera with specific needs. And I hate cameras
Takes long to turn on with memory card but not without it
Why don't sensors on satellites and rovers degrade as quickly as DSLRs on the space station?
Can I legally sell a photograph with a border made to look like an old Polaroid print?
What to look for in a scuba diving camera for a non-photographer?
Why isn't my Canon 60D saving images to SD with pics taken using swivel screen/viewer?
Why does Darktable show D5300 RAW (.NEF) in pink in darkroom?
How to preserve and store very old photos (50/80 years old)?
Optical or Digital Image stabilization?
Can you reprint photos off a roll of film?
Will longer interval during NightLapse mode on GoPro hero4 increase battery life?
Could I have taken this landscape shot better with my P&S, or do I need a better camera?
How can I transfer all of my photos in any format from an SD card using an iPad?
Snow creates circles on my photos, how do I prevent that?
Question about software-based filters for manipulating already recorded video
Is Nikon AF Nikkor 28-80mm Lens compatible with Nikon D5100 DSLR?
How can I set my Canon 5D Mark II to JPEG only?
Where do rays of light from one point strike the film?
What steps would I need to take to get involved in working as a photographer for endangered or rare animal species?
Why do I need an add-on lens to take smartphone macro photos?
Why do higher end lenses use USM instead of STM?
Can smartphone applications allow you to take macro photos?
How do add on macro smartphone lenses allow you to take macro photos?
Creating a master photo archive - importing photos and detecting duplicates
How can I take "Photo Sphere" style images with a regular camera?
How can I calculate the effect of a supplementary close-up lens (a.k.a macro filter)?
Manual off-camera flash compatibility with multiple bodies?
Is there an effect of temperature on film exposure?
Why don't we have Manual flashes with High Speed Sync?
How can I correct a blurry viewfinder beyond the built-in adjustment?
Why is my Canon 55-250 IS lens blurry at focal ranges beyond 100mm?
How is Nikon's PF optics different from and similar to Canon's DO optics?
What is the best lens for shooting flat surfaces?
What is the easiest color to see on black and white?
Does an already set (or not yet risen) moon still wash out stars?
What is the color structure histogram and how does it work?
What are the relative pros and cons of a Pentax K1000 or Nikon F for getting into film photography?
How can I fix my Canon rebel XT?
Is modifying a photo to educate generally fair use?
How to make ordinary extra-ordinary without juxtaposition?
How can I protect myself when providing photographic services to someone who is just getting their business started and can't afford me yet?
Is there an efficient way to export/publish modifications to albums with custom sort orders?
Why does the aperture value change in manual mode on my D70s?
Does the Sony A7 run Android, or if not, is there another way to write applications for it?
How can I remove all transient objects from multiple photos, leaving only the background?
is Photron Stedy Pro 560 compatible with canon 600d
Why are lower focal length lenses wider?
How to print profile targets using ColorSync Utility in Mac OS X Yosemite (10.10)?
Does the Canon EF-S 24mm f/2.8 STM Lens offer any significant advantage over the Canon 18-55mm IS II at a 24mm focal length?
How can I achieve this "golden" effect?
How do the 35mm Zeiss Loxia vs Sony Zeiss Sonnar compare for IQ for landscapes?
D7100: How to adjust default settings?
Why are there two thin vertical lines through all of my photos?
What is the correct, standard EXIF metadata to add for Rokinon 8mm fisheye lenses?
Does lens age affect color produced?
How do I read the shutter speed from my light meter?
Memory speed on Sony camera
Lightroom/ACR Histogram Shape
What Is The Scale Of The Y Axis of The Histogram in Lightroom / ACR?
What can you do with Lightroom catalog files if Adobe stops support for Lightroom?
What are the practical differences between Canon 580EX II and Canon 600EX-RT?
Which EXIF tag to set for the 35mm equivalent focal length?
When should I use saturation over vibrance?
I have a canon 7d Markii, how to set insignia remote
Canon EOS 1V HS doesn't fire Canon EX430 ii or PocketWizard
What does the Basic Highlights adjustment do, and what if I want more than "100"?
Effective viewing of Margulis' latest tome
How to take this group portrait with faces in profile only lit from the side they're facing?
Corrupt SD cards asking to format?
Blurred corner problem
Anyone know of a photo sharing site willing to share ONLY a file link?
System Gain vs ISO
Wondering if my Nikon lens is broken
Which is the application used for this photo with glow around dark things? I saw many pictures like this on instagram, but nobody answers
What could I do to take a better picture of this outdoor fountain at night?
I scratched the glass on my Canon 550D's optical viewfinder — what can I do about it?
Shooting full manual during an event or function
Photographing Signage
What distance should there be between two shots for a stereogram?
Why is manual focus off after installing a 45° split-prism focus screen?
What does Exposure Bias 12/6 EV mean?
Is the camera sensor or the lens the limit to resolution?
Is it normal for Nikon DSLR viewfinder and live view shutter speeds to differ?
What are the differences between pictures shot with spherical and aspherical lenses?
Food photography project
Did Calumet distribute Lee filters?
How do I set up two off-camera flashes with Yongnuo RF-603II triggers?
Canon Powershot SX20IS User error
Tamron 18-200 mm vs Nikkor 18-200 mm lens
How can one correct intensity flicker due to AC line frequency?
Breaking composition rules
How can I know how far the in focus area extends
Can I tune the auto ISO algorithm on my Canon 600D?
What effect does a bright light have on a DSLR?
Are mobile phone camera lenses good enough to support 20MP sensors?
How can I avoid light bleed in a studio shot?
How to soften harsh shadows during post processing?
What is the cause of this unusual concentric blob defect (taken in below zero conditions)?
What is this black spot in images from my digital camera?
Would a 85mm lens have allowed me to blur the background better in this photo of a DJ in action?
What does f/4.5-5.6G stand for on a Nikon Lens?
Copyright of a product
photo color differs when viewing on chrome vs Picasa 3
Autofocus problem on new Nikon D5300
Wide Angle Lens recommendation for canon 70D (cropped sensor camera)
How does D7100 bracketing work?
Why don't smartphones default to 4x6?
Understanding Lightroom/ACR Exposure Non-Linearity
Canon EOS 6D/5D - Lightroom - Flickr - Exifdata missing
Does the right calibration temperature for my monitor depend on season?
Darktable: How to edit level on each RGB channel?
Is it risky to change lenses in the cold?
Can I get a better results with my Canon 50d?
Fotopro monopod tilt head — available in the USA?
Can vibration damage my camera?
Should I store RAW file or DNG for backing up
How can I trigger an off-camera flash with a Polaroid SX 70 or a Yashica-Mat?
Is it safe to use a third-party replacement battery charger?
Issue with Yongnuo 568EX flash on i-TTL mode
Does the Canon AF/MF switch actually do anything on L lenses?
How can I correctly adjust skin color in Photoshop when I have a color vision deficiency?
What do "dark current" and "sensitivity" mean for a camera module?
Is there a correct way to swap lenses?
Does cross-processing transparency film accomplish anything for relatively conventional photography?
Where do we focus when shooting cars in a street?
How to disable the red eye protection flash with sony powershot DSCWX80 or WX60?
Is it safe to override my camera's "flash busy" warning when the battery is low?
Do I need to update nikonD3100 firmware to use a microSD 32GB HC1 card?
Is it normal for a fast prime to exhibit purple fringing in middle of the image?
Nikon SB-600 remote operation nonsense
Off camera flash with cheap camera
What can I do with an 18-55 mm kit lens?
Relationship between the focal length and sensor size
Are there professional studios that are available to take pictures of sculpture?
Are there softboxes that will work both with portable speedlights and and with studio flashes (Bowens Gemini 400RX)?
Do all my speedlites need to be trigered wirelessly to do proper HSS?
Android camera application that allows earbud mic clicker to snap pictures?
What are some tips to keep a lens from rolling on its side when kept horizontally on a table?
Why isn't the size of an object in macro image exactly proportional to the ratio of the focal length and distance in front of that?
Can the Yongnuo YN622C & YN622C TX be used with the Alien Bees B800?
What deep sky objects can be photographed without a telescope?
How were photographs printed in newspapers in 1929?
Canon 50mm f1.4 no longer focuses reliably
Comparison of DOF between a 30mm f/1.4 and a 35mm f/2 lens
What is the difference between touch focus and autofocus?
How does autofocus deal with the time to change aperture and raise mirror?
How do I blur the background around an object in post-production?
Technology stack for event photography with multiple photographers
.CR2 pictures damaged and corrupted
how to achieve this washed out processing effect
Identify a photo filter or a post-processing technique
While stacking filters, can polarizing filter be placed behind ND filters?
Is there a rule for something like "footroom"?
What kind of LR or PS filters are used in these photos?
How does a stitched panorama compare with a wide-angle lens?
Why doesn't exposure change when changing focal length?
Calculate Distance to Object in Android knowing the Size, Focal Length
How can I find the sensor position on my camera?
In what practical applications is the position of the sensor plane relevant?
Test the Stability of a Tripod?
how to control my 5D mark II using my computer
camera mobile phone takes pictures at constant focal length if 3.5 mm.supposed to have autofocus and touchfocus
Rodenstock XR-Heligon 50mm 0.75 Lens
F1.0 and beyond
Is resolution the same thing as active pixel count?
Bubble Effect on image (Photoshop or online)
Photoshop multiple color filters
What process can I use to print my picture so edges are embossed and can be felt?
How to remove fog while shooting and during post-processing?
Should i spend on upgrading my Beginner Camera or go for a new Lens instead?
How can I replicate the style of images produced by an old Finepix digital camera?
What color corrections are being used here?
EOS-1N (Film SLR) - Set aperture with modern EF lenses?
my wedding photos were a gift but now she wants to put them all over the internet
Is something wrong with my camera display?
Why do I get white images with black vertical stripes?
Why isn't Digikam 4.4 showing previews of RAW images?
Nikon d5100 producing extremely underexposed images
Lightroom: How to apply a predefined set of keywords to 1+ images in one action
How can I remove banding noise from this image?
Will a 50mm EF lens give the same result as a 50mm EF-S lens?
Can I transform my manual focus lens into an autofocus lens?
Can I live view my Nikon D3200 via laptop/ tablet etc?
Is there any difference between cropping an image in ACR vs. Photoshop Elements editor?
Lightroom: create smart collection for specific development setting value?
Why does every JPEG I export from Lightroom 5 have Adobe RGB embedded no matter what color profile I select?
Is there any point in using automatic sensor cleaning on my DSLR even if I never remove the lens?
How do I make my photos look like these soft, yet sharp and colorful examples (using Lightroom)?
Where can I buy a 77mm 12 - 15 stop ND filter at a reasonable price.
Will two lights plus octaboxes be a good starter setup for portrait photography, or can I get away with one umbrella?
Is there any reason to choose a standard size SDXC over Micro SDXC?
Nikon D60: Autofocus of two AF-S lenses not working anymore after using another lens
Why is DSLR autofocus much faster than Mirrorless autofocus?
Do mobile cameras ever vary f stops?
Calculating DIY lens hood
Shooting flying birds
Is a 70-300 lens something you would get in addition to a 85 mm lens?
Why do I see no photos on my film?
If I'm editing in Photoshop, is there any advantage to using Camera Raw directly rather than Lightroom first?
Does making a focus area smaller in spot metering help with focusing?
What to label digital prints made from scanned negatives in an exhibit?
How can I bring out the texture and sheen on a model's clothing?
How much flare should I expect with a Hoya HMC Filter?
What is a good focal length for street photography?
What type of lens is more suitable for this type of portrait shot on railroad tracks?
What is the difference between Canvera and Karizma wedding albums?
What to look for in a starter-level off-camera flash?
How to disassemble a lens assembly?
How to fix shutter problem with Magic Lantern on a Canon EOS M?
Is it a good workflow to do separate raw processing on different parts of an image?
Can I convert a standard collection to a smart collection in Lightroom?
Is it possible to photograph the aura of a person?
Remove GPS Location
Who was the first to introduce a beauty dish?
Canon 5D MKIII - how to view the photos of the full card?
Canon 5d Mark III: how to switch off the silent shooting mode in the Live View mode?
What is Arbitrary Release Time Lag?
What workflow will speed up sorting photos stored on a NAS in OS X finder before import into Lightroom?
How can I shoot with a fast aperture in sunlight?
What is it called when two images from different locations are blended seamlessly into one?
How to fix uneven/gradient lighting on a canvas with white background?
Is it possible for increased ISO to improve focusing in low light?
Is Yongnuo RF 603NII N3 compatible with YN-565EX II Flash Unit without using slave in flash unit
GoPro 4 or Canon for photos of northern lights?
Image quality - related to camera or not? Blurry, artificially sharpened images
What's the point of a DSLR?
Increasing Pixels
What can I use to shift a tripod mount to the side for easier access to the battery compartment?
What is this format? PNG unreadable by browser
What causes darker areas on a still from a video stream when moving light source has passed through the image just before it has been taken?
Why do my photos "glow"?
What is the effect of repeated sensor cleaning on the battery?
Batch processing in Lightroom without import
What is the most compact camera/lens setup with movements?
Too heavy a lens?
How to Take out some lines and shadows in the background by photoshop?
Plate Screw with load-bearing eye
Is Cowboystudio 4 channel remote trigger compatible with Canon 60d?
How can I match adjustable-color artificial light temperature to ambient light?
What can I use instead of a human to practice shooting with flash?
how to use a speedlight flash in dark room
Is there any alternative of 'Animoto' for making movies from images?
How do I work out what is fair to pay for photo editing?
Get Canon 17-55mm f/2.8 to replace 35mm Prime?
What *exactly* is white balance?
Controlling style of motion blur in long exposure photos?
What am I photographing INSIDE my camera?
How to shoot the sequence of adjusted exposures wanted for a ColorChecker?
How to drain Nikon DSLR battery?
What camera-lens combination should be preferred for shooting models and art gallery?
Are there still two classes of Canon IXUS/Powershot/IXY/ELPH around?
How can I simply remove the fish-eye effect of my DJI Phantom vision 2 lens?
Why does the "fisheye effect" look stronger or weaker with different scenes taken with the same lens?
How do you take pictures in a dark room?
How do I copy published services to a new lightroom catalog?
How can I detect upscaled photos?
What free raw processing programs can use ColorChecker DCP profiles?
Why is my Metz 58 AF-1 flash showing low battery when fresh batteries are being used?
What publicly-accessible high-elevation photography-locations exist in New York City?
External power for compact camera?
Why does my camera insist that my Nikon 50mm f1.8 be locked at its lowest aperture setting?
Camera for high volume automated shooting of product pictures
Why does a speedlite not fire when taking a still during movie mode?
median stack mode is blurring my stars
Do focusing screens exist for modern DSLRs?
How can I best take a tripod on a plane trip?
How do I improve the quality of lowlight back-lit bottle photographs with a point and shoot camera?
How do I use a card formatted as exfat by my Canon 6D in Linux?
Should I buy a compact, SLR, or DSLR camera?
Canon Rebel EOS XTi: USB not connecting when using external power
How can I get multiple different images on one page in Lightroom's custom print layouts?
How do I use a Nikon D3100 and sync cord with Novatron lights?
How do I know if a tiny lens crack is a manufacturer fault?
NIght photography and long exposures with film
Charging similar battery packs in a charger intended for only one of them appears to work; Are there non-obvious reasons for not doing this?
How to insert a new picture beside existing one without also making it black and white?
How to best photograph clothes for ecommerce?
Why am I getting dark black photos in P, S, and A mode on Nikon D5200?
How do I sell my photos at art festivals?
What equipment/ Which settings required for a 400 person group photo?
Why does the exif data show a max aperture 1.6 when I am using a f/1.8 lens?
Is the model release form per shoot or per subject?
Can I take multiple exposure shots with my Canon 600D?
Nikon 18-55 mm Lens Focus Wheel Jammed
Emulate Gimp's Grain Merge in Photoshop
How to get Manual Control of my iPhone 4
How to print a photo for backlit presentation?
Could I use an old Canon FD lens on a new Canon EOS M3?
Photos imported into Aperture aren't showing up — why not?
Where to get IKEA Premiar sized canvas prints for the same rate?
What setups work to trigger a Profoto B1 and Canon 600EX-RT Speedlights together from canon body
What is the native color gamut of a modern digital sensor?
Is the fact that in-camera HDR was used available in EXIF metadata?
How to brighten the face of a backlit subject
What's the difference between Time-lapse, Hyperlapse and Flow Motion?
Which lenses can I use with adapters on my Sony A-mount body and what are the disadvantages of such adapters?
What is the difference between a step-up and a step-down ring?
Low-light photography: How much light reflects off a surface
What's the advantage of an expensive industrial camera over a consumer device for microscopy?
How can I make the flash fire when it is connected with a cord?
What is the purpose of "A-DEP" mode on Canon cameras?
How can I get non-blurry photos of a wriggly baby with a point-and-shoot camera?
Can I take the 4 second photo delay off my Canon 600D?
Canon EOS700D Flash: Why are exposure times different in modes P and Av if all settings are "equal"
Large DOF in low light for portrait in front of a landscape?
Buy Canon 6D or wait?
How can I incrementally date photos?
Why is the battery required to manually focus through the viewfinder?
Live view from my laptop
How to remaster images from an early digital camera?
What vintage mechanical camera looks like the Fuji x20?
Why would my Tamron lens auto focus stop working?
Trying to fix flash from the 70's/80's AGFATRONIC 200B
Nikon D3200 image quality compared to D3300?
Nikon D3200 - quality loss with stock lens and with old lenses?
Nikon D3200 - protection against snow, cold and rain, and how well does it work in -20/-30C? No tripod!
Get HDR for part of a image
At what focal length can I expect vignetting with Cokin Z-Pro ND filters and a Tokina 11-16mm lens?
Add an orientation mark to a polarizing filter's rotating ring
Is the weird red and yellow patch near the center of my photo chromatic aberration?
Has anyone used Canon EF lenses on Sony mirrorless cameras?
Do I get more detail from a shorter focal length by being physically closer?
Is there a way to replicate the look of Allen-Khondji Midnight in Paris and To Rome With Love?
How can I edit the capture date in Nikon raw file
Is there a problem with capture date in Nikon P340?
How do you downsample an image in Photoshop CS6?
How can I batch crop based on face location?
Why do my photos appear grainy when taken at the widest aperture?
What is the best practice for batch compressing jpeg files?
Camera tips for Smartphones
is there a quick fix to a broken shutter?
Is there a "special look" to images from large sensors that can't be replicated with a smaller one?
can you remove a hair on the image sensor in light room?
What should I expect in maintenance costs after shutter failure for a DSLR?
How do I identify the lens mount used for an old Soligor lens?
How do mask like this using Photoshop?
migrate from Lightroom 3 to Lightroom 5: publish services
How fast does a sensor cool down sufficiently after a long exposure?
Memory card is not showing all data
How can I convert a timestamp in Lightroom's .lrprev files to an actual date?
Is the effect of a fisheye lens visible in an optical viewfinder or Live View?
What should I look for in a wide angle lens?
What is the "best" photography tripod for taking panorama pictures?
What is the mount on an old lens that says "For Canon" with patent number 3500735?
Is it possible to modify a camera by changing cmos sensor?
How to Mount Pentax K-Mount on Canon?
Can I take macro photo with a mirrorless camera as easily as with a compact camera (even without a macro lens)?
How to match colors on photographs stitched together?
Recognize dry areas by separating diffuse and specular reflections
Should film cameras be stored with a cocked shutter or not?
newbie just got a d3200
How can I accurately photograph an empty picture frame?
Does chromatic aberration always have the colours displaced in the same way or does it depend on the lens?
any reason not to disassemble old lens for kids experiments?
Aperture like event view in Lightroom 5
Why does my lens refocus when the f-stop is changed?
Yongnuo YN565ex flash, what is the SL option for?
How to take a picture at the same time everyday?
What are the differences between Canon and Tamron 70-200mm f/2.8 zoom lenses?
E-mount lenses to A-mount bodies?
How to select "white point" before calibrating a monitor with Spyder3
How can I remove the hair on the sensor from this picture?
Does the brand of the micro SD adapter matter?
position of the object within a photography
How do I hide unflattering body features in a low key shot with rim lighting?
What is a good photograph
What type of lens can I add to my webcam for closeups 5-20cm away?
Do photographers see ambiguity in the color of the blue/black (gold/white) dress?
Can I adapt a Minolta AF-mount Tamron zoom lens for use on a Canon or Nikon DSLR?
Which filter would I use for daytime lightning long exposure?
How to determine if a new lens is a subpar copy?
How does using a teleconverter affect the aperture of a lens?
What adapter lens would fit my Nikon D5100 55-300mm lens?
Capturing steam coming out of a cup in a snowy day
Why won't my Quantaray teleconverter, which fits my EOS3, mount on my Canon 60D?
Inconsistent exposure with same settings--why?
Does shrinking the upscaled picture improve its quality (in terms of blur)?
Can anyone reproduce the white/gold vs. blue/black dress's binary perception effect with a totally different subject?
Why does the Fujifilm X30 limit shutter speed limit in aperture priority mode?
Slow image review after long exposure shot
Odd couple photos
How would IR-assisted white balancing work?
Yongnuo YN468-II: How can I turn off the beeps?
what is the virtue of lightroom's print module?
What are the connectors like on a "standard light stand"?
How do I photograph a landscape with a solar eclipse where the sun is not the main subject?
Actual Focal Length on APS-C cameras
How can I unlock my manual focus ring?
Is there a specific color temperature to film?
How to remove oil from aperture blades?
What Yongnuo wireless triggers work together?
Preparing/using a camera color profile using IT8 target on Linux/Darktable
Why are my NEF photos unusually dark in RawTherapee?
What is this yellow mark I get on dark photos?
Are the Yongnuo clones of Canon flash equipment and lenses legal to sell/buy?
Manfrotto flex arm: heavy duty or regular?
Advice for someone just entering the world of off-camera flash?
Firing master flash with Yongnuo RF-603 II
How can I improve my clothing photography with a limited budget?
Hot shoe flash units and softboxes for portraits; good beginner setup?
Should I Always Crop My To-Be-Printed Photos to a 4:3 Ratio?
Concerns with glass slides vs glassless
Can the Canon EF-M camera use the focus by wire lenses?
F-mount to EOS adapter from Nikon to Canon
How can I position my marquee from the bottom left of my image?
Can I use an off-camera Canon 90 EX to trigger a Canon 430 EX II?
What are the best methods you have found for attaching filters to unthreaded lens tubes?
Why do I get dark horizontal lines (stripes or bands) in bad lighting with my Fuji X-T1?
What's the generic term for portable flashes (Speedlites, Speedlights etc)?
Prints are too dark when printing from computer, but not from SD card
How to read a film color response chart?
Is there a quick way to use "remote trigger" drive mode on the Nikon D7100?
What lens for catalog-quality photos of long guns?
Should my collection of older Pentax lenses be a deciding factor in my first DSLR purchase?
Can the YN-E3-RT be used, mounted on top of the YN-622C?
What are the effects of using a crop lens with a full frame sensor?
Does the crop factor affect the field of view (FOV)?
How to best take top down pictures of things organized neatly?
How does physical aperture size relate to f/stop?
Are there any adapters for using EF lenses on FD mount?
How to verify\calibrate a light meter?
How do I make the Fuji X-T1 not take a picture when I connect an external audio source?
Is there a name for this broken glass effect?
Can I swap cheap ink into my printer for documents and expensive ink in for photo prints?
How do I get regular people to relax and not to overprepare having their portrait taken?
Which is better to use : Mirror or totally reflecting prism?
How can I automatically correct aerial perspective in landscape photographs?
What are the differences between different types of focusing screens?
How can I colorize my astrophotography?
Night pictures lights superimposed to a second location?
Will a Vivitar lens work with my Nikon camera?
Nikon D610 problems with over and under exposure
How can I upload photos rejected as corrupted to Blurb Books?
Is it possible to do non-destructive JPG color correction?
What needs to be considered when purchasing an enlarger?
How to avoid glare problems with insert-your-photo portfolio books?
Where is the serial number located on the Yongnuo YN-568EX II?
What is the best way to store negatives from the 1940s and '50s?
Where or how to get exposed, developed colour film to use as a filter for infrared photography?
Can I store exposed film in the fridge (when it was stored before shooting, too)?
Why don't DSLR cameras have internal memory to save images?
What causes this weird angled glowing blur around lights on my low light shots?
How to make Liveview mode in Canon 450D stop simulating exposure?
What is the difference between cheaper and more expensive ND filters?
Cokin Z Pro filter holder causes vignetting at 18 mm on Nikkon 18-35. Any solutions?
Is B&W paper optimized for colour negatives available today?
Super-resolution photos by interactive focus stacking and image stitching?
What kind of lens is typically used for these type of night street shots?
How to calculate the focal length of cell phone cameras when none of the required parameters are available?
X-Rite i1 Display Pro - settings for a notebook
Is the Canon 7D compatible with all EF and EF-S lenses?
What does the "paper folded slightly up" symbol mean in Lightroom?
Importing Flickr tags into Lightroom as keywords
How do prime lens allow variance of focal length when focusing?
Pros and cons of cheap studio strobes vs. hotshoe/speedlight flash for portraits?
What tele-extender can I use with a Tamron 18-270mm lens on a Canon Rebel?
Which lens should I use for fashion photography with a Nikon D5200?
Can I use generic flash tubes for studio strobes?
What do resolution figures mean in lens specifications?
What can I do when my Nikon D5200 gives an SD card error with every card?
All the things that I did wrong with this shot
What extender can I use with the Canon TS 24mm?
How can I save money on shooting, developing, and printing 35mm film?
What are the benefits or disadvantages of a prime wide-angle lens for landscape photography?
What battery can I use for an old Canon Ex EE (PX625 vs PX625A)?
How to improve the low-light image quality of my Canon 350d?
Why don't we focus at the nearest hyperfocal distance to get everything in focus?
How do modern or recent film SLRs compare to vintage models?
Is it worth getting a zoom lens which overlaps with lenses I already have?
How do I avoid getting different sized pupils when shading half of the model's face?
Which one is better olympus omd em 10 or Sony alpha 6000
Focal length of Leica lenses with Metabones adapter
Can I use rear curtain sync in bulb mode?
Canon - EOS 1DS Mark II
set manual focus distance
How to achieve sharp focus on two subjects in a portrait with low depth of field?
What Yongnuo flash and trigger works with the Panasonic GH4
How can I take photographs which best show scratches on the surface of metal?
What is the difference between image processing and image editing?
How to photograph oil and pastel art works with DSLR?
How can I improve a landscape photo with deep shadows in post-production?
Which Low light zoom lens with image stabilization for DSLR
How can I recreate the Instagram Filter "Slumber"?
What are these blue/purple spots visible underneath the front element of my lens?
Tablet for use with Lightroom 5
Apertures required to enable autofocus on Rebel T6s/T6i in Live View?
How many EV will a softbox knock down off your flash?
How can I reduce noise at ISO 100 in photos taken in the twilight?
What is the state of the art in black and white printing, particularly for large prints?
Why doesn't a drastic change in aperture seem to have an effect on this city skyline photo?
How can I add a border to a JPEG photo without affecting quality?
Legal: do I need releases for a photo booth at a public event?
How can I make a non-PRO Eye-fi transfer RAW files?
How can I target a specific size in megabytes when saving a JPEG in Photoshop?
Firing a TTL on-camera flash and manual off-camera flashes via radio triggers
Why won't my Yongnuo YN468-II fire on a Canon Rebel 2000 (when it works on other cameras)?
What can I expect for battery life from my Nikon D5100?
What will I lose by switching from FX to DX mode (with an FX lens)?
For the same attainable sensitivity, how does DOF depend on sensor size?
How does ground glass work when focussing?
How can I photograph only light from my IR source even in the presence of other light?
Is the Canon 1D-X camera's slight angle of rotation stored in the metadata?
How weatherproof is an average modern lens?
Is there an easy way to export images in their original state in Lightroom?
Is there any way to change settings of my Nikon D5200 through my smart phone?
Can I photograph a solar eclipse using a 10-stop Big Stopper (+ extra ND?)
How can I achieve a color grading like in this photo?
Can anyone identify the silver rangefinder-style camera in this advertisement?
Unable to change shutter speed, ISO, or aperture on Nikon D3100 in any mode
Will any EF-lens fit on a EOS film camera?
How to shoot a reflection in a ball bearing without appearing in it?
How to film a eclipse of the sun with a phone cam?
Can Lightroom on an external HDD sync properly with two computers and Lr Mobile?
Time lapse of solar eclipse?
Should I submit scaled-down images to stock images to protect my work?
Is there particular significance to the shutter speeds ¹⁄₁₂₅th and ¹⁄₃₀th?
Why does my point and shoot camera lose the date/time when I turn it off?
What type of camera do I need to take reasonable photos across a swimming pool?
How to photograph a total sun eclipse?
How do I use filters that came with my mirror lens?
What order to use range extending tubes in and the effect on aperture
What does the built-in AE Chip for Nikon do on a Rokinon lens?
What corrections does MS Camera Codec Pack apply?
Best focusing techniques with sony a7r
How can I set the aperture in A mode with a D lens on my Nikon D90?
automatically change my aperture for my lens sigma 24-70 f:2.8
How can I light an Indian wedding without spoiling the decor or blocking the view with stands and gear?
Sony Cybershot LCD screen replacement, inverted colors
Can Tamron 16-300mm Macro Lens fit to Canon EOS 600D?
Does the size of blower matter to clean the sensor of the camera?
White background - overexposed subject
Do I need a specific type of lens to work with my Canon T3i, or will any lens work?
How can I get barcode-scan information into my photo metadata, onsite, untethered?
Why is my Nikon D5100's screen flickering while auto focusing under a streetlight in live view?
Why do lens manufacturers produce lenses with few aperture blades?
Windows Canon Raw Codec
How does "designed for APS-C" affect focal length?
What's the full frame equvialance of this phone lens?
What is the difference between levels, curves and contrast settings in post processing?
Canon 1000D and sigma ef-610 flash issues
What's the best equipment to use for off-camera fill-flash on location?
What is a "pseudo mannequin"?
Can I change firmware from canon to nikon in a Metz Mecablitz 44 AF-1 digital?
What can I do to improve the sharpness from my Canon 60D for stock photography?
What is the best long-term storage for a film camera?
Hi everyone, DAY time long exposure
How can I effectively change the background of a portrait in Photoshop?
How can I further decrease the exposure in a studio environment?
How to achieve this smudge effect in photoshop?
How are compact system (mirrorless) cameras typically charged?
Will using a DX lens on an FX Body compromise ISO performance?
Shopping system for event photography
What kind of lenses will work with my new Nikon DSLR?
How do I create Lightroom smart collection containing all virtual copies?
How can I get this "brushed background" but clear subject effect by manipulating film negatives?
GPS location information does not seem to be recognised by Lightroom 5.7.1
How do I get my Canon dSLR to recognize a Yongnuo YN-560 III flash in the flash control menu?
What is the better material choice for a gorillapod? Metal or plastic?
What my PPI should be set at for others to download my photos?
How can I get my camera to focus on water dropping?
Can I get HSS with off-camera Canon 430EX II speedlites, radio triggers, and a Sony A7?
Why eye-controlled focus is gone?
Why did Pentax change to open-aperture metering when this causes the need to stop-down for old lenses?
Copy as DNG from lightroom to lightroom
How much zoom does a lens need to have before we call it a superzoom lens?
How can I get a 12ft wide field of view at 3ft distance?
Save soft proof preview to file
"Getting Started with Lightroom Mobile" popup disappears before I can click on it!
What lens do I need to take a decent picture of a graduation ceremony from football-field seating?
Help wanted re using Spyder2express calibrator with Windows 8
One-way sync from Linux to Flickr
How can I get tack-sharp portraits with the focus perfectly on my subject's eye?
Street photography tips?
How to ask a subject(person) to photograph them?
Nikon 50mm 1.8g vs 1.8d?
85mm fast prime vs 70-200mm 2.8 for indoor fashion studio shoots
How to achieve a flash image with a very bright, almost-whited-out subject and dark background?
Will a key light, a back light, and white reflector as fill achieve a white background for portrait photography?
Tips for shooting a longer exposure in a car?
how to capture snowflakes like this
How to apply the Rule of Thirds with people?
Lightroom - Vivid faces effect
What is the best way to photograph iridescent glitter?
Gain Factors and Dynamic Ranges of Digital Cameras
Why does BRIGHT red in direct sun come out orange?
What is the real world impact of the lossy compression used for NEF RAW files in some Nikon cameras?
5D Autofocus - disable tracking after lock?
Lightroom - How Do I find Photos that are Missing Copyright Metadata?
Canon 5D - Focus viewfinder indicators in Manual focus mode
What is the effect of changing the Aperture
How do I prevent white box(es) (face detection) from showing up on my Canon EOS 60D?
What are the pros and cons of using macro rail vs lens focus?
How can I set up an off camera flash using the reading from the light meter?
Is the Vivitar SF 4000 flash compatible with the Canon Rebel XT?
How do I create this kind of soft and blueish look in Photoshop?
How to stack photos in Capture One like Aperture?
Can Tamron 16-300mm lens fit on a Canon 700D?
Which cameras were used prior to Apollo 11?
In OSX, why don't my Panasonic and Olympus DNG files have thumbnail icons?
Printing on Hahnemühle Photo Rag 308 and 500 gsm with Canon PIXMA PRO-100
What causes this strange Posterization when changing to B&W?
PS Elements vs Lightroom for image management
How can I find the film speed and type of unmarked, exposed120 film?
First prime lens for newbie Canon 600D?
Can I fix the large pink mark which appears on all photos with light background from my Canon Powershot ELPH?
How do I stack two photos in Photoshop to reduce noise?
Is it safe to charge a Coolpix S9900 with an Anker 60W USB charger?
Technique to manually set aperture and focus for a low light scene during normally lit time of day?
How does Saturation in Lightroom work?
Will any non-AF lens work on a Nikon camera with built in AF already in the camera body?
Is there a time limit for bulb mode (generally)?
Why do modern DSLRs support JPEG but not lossless formats other than RAW?
How can I geotag images with location data in a CSV file?
Do I always get the same colours when I set the white balance correctly?
Color issue: studio images have a pink hue
Is there any information on Fuji X Wifi protocol?
Can I get Yongnuo YN622C to trigger Novatron M500 strobes?
blurred background effect with my canon eos 70d with 18-55 mm lens
Does Lightroom or a RAW format store the original rotation of an photo?
Can I get a Yongnuo YN622C to trigger a Nissin Di700 in hss?
Camera body with autofocus
Why is my DSLR taking duplicate pictures?
Enable TIFF compression in Canon Digital Photo Professional 4
How to do 1 or more photos per second without jitter using a Canon 7D?
How do I find the focal length that will fit a poster in the frame from across the room?
How do I configure my Nikon D3300 so technical info doesn't pop up after every shot?
Are there any drawbacks to putting good glass on a cheap body?
Moon with a foreground
LightRoom 5 Export looks different to the Develop screen
How can I find the Nikon D5300 wifi WPA2 password?
How to remove label adhesive from used lenses?
Who is the photographer of this black and white photo of two female nudes standing over a pile of clothes?
Why are the tops of people's bodies missing from this photo taken with a tablet from a moving car?
Scrum photo technique
Is it normal for the left pin on the Nikon SB-910’s 3-pin external power source terminal to be deeply recessed?
Why does Nikon D3100 makes occasionallly noise and viewfinder shifts when pressing shutter button
Is there a way to use Lightroom mobile to Sync only starred/picked photos in collections?
How do I stop my Nikon D40 from blurring when the flash is off?
Can I connect my Canon Rebel T3i to laptop to keep the battery charged while making a timelapse?
How can I mimic this solarization effect?
How to do focus stacking with Sony A7?
Pictures of surfers start in focus then go out of focus?
My 300mm lens doesn't focus. How do I know if it is broken?
How to correct partial overpolarisation in sky?
Why are my RAW images corrupt but the previews okay?
Can over-turning the focus ring break the lens?
How can a super tiny iPhone 6 Plus lens produce significant DOF?
What is the cause of black bars on a photo of AMOLED display?
How can I do a bulk search to see if any of my photographs are used online without my permission?
Nikon D3300 - Trouble Focusing on Birds both Stationary & Moving
Lenses round ..Photographs square shaped why?
How can I achieve this effect where photos have a "bluish" theme with highly dramatic colors?
Is the Pentax FluCard noticably slower than a typical class-10 SDHC card?
Is there no crossover point where shutter speed overtakes flash duration?
Do focal plane shutters typically go left-right or up-down?
Self-timer on Canon 5d Mark III?
What might prevent a Yongnuo MC-36R remote controller from triggering a Canon 7D wirelessly?
Can the Sigma 2x teleconverter be hacked so it will work with the Sigma 50-500mm?
Are there any strobes with sustained (but still sub-second) duration?
How do I prepare for my first event shoot (large corporate gathering) tomorrow?
Will I be able to mount a hood over my UV filter?
Why do copies of the same photo have slightly different file sizes?
Can I fix inaccurate (sticky!) shutter speed on Canon FTb?
What is the relationship between ARW delta compression and dynamic range?
Does getVerticalViewAngle() give actual Camera Angle Field Of View(CAFOV) value?
How to do time-lapse photography without intervalometer using Nikon D3300?
How can I calculate settings for manual flash to reduce trial and error?
Can I use old filters from SLR film cameras on newer DSLR cameras?
Why do superzoom designs keep expanding on the telephoto rather than wide-angle end?
How do I calibrate two displays to the same color? (LCD, LED backlight and CCFL backlight)
Why do SLRs and DSLRs use different flash gels?
How can I know the focal length and sensor size of my webcam?
What is the importance of the back focal length of a lens?
How can I properly take advantage of this equipment?
How can I best use a (high end) point and shoot camera to take great photos in bars and clubs?
Am I experiencing field distortion while astro photographing when stars on the edges give trails?
Colour matching with Photoshop and Canon IP7250
Is there any point in photographing directly to black & white?
How can I get correct focus when taking a self portrait with a DSLR?
Why is my Nikon D300S changing shutter speeds between shots?
How to take upright grave stones without squatting down?
Raw vs Jpeg for non-professional use
Why does the same f-number mean same amount of light?
How can I achieve consistent skin tones in my photographs?
How to get more clarity and less shadow when photographing jewelry?
What are the options for a good photo / RAW browser + editor for mac?
How do I add lens correction for my model+lens to Lensfun in Darktable?
What is the maximum weight a micro 4/3 lens mount can support without a tripod collar?
Can I use a Yongnuo RF-603II to fire a remote flash with my dSLR?
Lack of sharpness: is it me, or my zoom lens?
Why am I am seeing rings (banding) instead of smooth graduation in my sunrise pictures?
In a monitor for photographic work how significant is 3% additional sRGB coverage?
Can two computers running Photoshop Elements 13 share the same catalog?
What filter is best for mid-day beach photography?
Can a regular SATA SSD be used with a camera taking CFast cards?
How to locate unreferenced image in Aperture?
Does the Eyefi X2 Pro transfer files point-to-point in "private network" mode?
Is stop bath necessary for black and white prints?
Do powdered chemicals expire?
What kind of 'guerrilla' background / backdrop is being used in Felipe Dana's Cracklands portraits?
Can Minolta Macro be used on a digital body?
Canon EOS T2i 35-55 mm lens. Won't autofocus
How to get Lightroom to render JPEG photos the same as on the 60D LCD?
Which current Canon APS-C cameras can use older EOS EF lenses?
Recalculating lux or lm from EV
How is data in a camera's colorspace transformed into XYZ or a standard RGB space?
How many stops are there between middle gray and white point?
How were negatives backed up prior to the availability of inexpensive scanners?
Why is the field of view of my lens narrower than my calculations show it should be?
Which lens do I need for a christening?
How do you make a skin tone metallic brown?
How to take a picture of a point light source?
How does one use the Open With External Editor feature of Shotwell?
Self-timer:Continuous on Canon 70D?
What is the proper procedure for stitching photographs using Nodal Ninja and Hugin?
How/why is Yongnuo allowed to copy Canon?
No firmware update option when trying to install CHDK on Canon SX210IS
Batch change CMYK JPG into YCbCr JPG?
Creating "Smart Folders" on the hard drive based on photo IPTC metadata?
Is it possible for a phone manufacturer to enable camera raw through a software upgrade?
How do I correctly enlarge thermographic images for web use?
How do I achieve sharp and brightly coloured pictures on a Canon EOS700D/T5I?
Will Sekonic's C-700 Spectromaster help me accurately capture light and color?
How can I make a zoomed in copy of a photo and save it on my Nikon SLR?
Templates no longer showing in Lightroom
What are some other terms for a 3/4 shot?
How to add lensfun 0.3.0 db to darktable on ubuntu?
How do I calculate the maximum aperture at each focal length on a 35-200mm lens
Can I trigger a EOS 70D remotely using a 600EX-RT speedlite?
Camera won't shoot in Program mode?
How do I avoid torn sprocket holes with bulk loaded film?
Can the Sony A7 II custom user modes be configured to not display on the EVF when selected?
Does anyone have any information on Canon's VL mount regarding pinout and protocol?
How to light a product like the Apple Watch?
Can I import photos into Lightroom from Microsoft OneDrive without downloading them directly to my HDD?
Is there modded firmware available for Fujifilm Finepix S1?
What effect does Gary Fong's collapsible LightSphere have on color temperature?
Can I enable back-button focus on a 3rd-party battery grip for my Nikon D610?
Why are raw files shot in monochrome shown in color on my computer?
How do I prepare frozen/refrigerated film for use?
How can I achieve this 'pure white' skin effect?
In video mode, why does adjusting the aperture change the brightness instead of the DoF?
How to boost my camera's responsiveness with Magic lantern installed?
Is the Tamron 24-70mm a good wedding lens for a Canon 5DS r?
Can you estimate whether or not the sky is clear from a photographs metadata?
Can I use lens brand X on interchangeable lens camera brand Y?
How to reduce noise shown in LiveView when photographing in the dark?
Results of a Sigma 12-24mm Full Frame Ultra wide lens on a Canon 70D
Fun experiments I can do with my bridge camera?
UV Filter that best suits Nikon 18-140 mm lens
Does the cloud version of Lightroom require an internet connection?
What causes the focus confirmation lights to blur?
What is the difference between 16-bit and 32-bit high dynamic range images?
PocketWizard without cable
How can I take better pictures in an indoor pool?
How can I fix my samsung wb 750 that I dropped on the pavement?
Graininess and lack of detail
Background warping through foreground defocus
What is this plastic ring called on a tripod and can I get a replacement?
Why should I use the widest aperture for star photography?
Is there an app to verify my phone's camera sensor specs?
Are Lightroom collections broken if you reimport photos?
How do I edit a photo of myself to not look like me anymore?
How do I speed up button-to-picture for Canon XTi (400D)?
Why is the bottom half my picture black when shooting with Cowboy Studio remote triggers?
Standard for embedding time/location info into digital images?
How to take high resolution pictures?
What would improve my landscape photography more: upgraded body or a wide-angle lens?
Why will all of my pictures on my memory card not download?
Is there any hope for Exif TimeZoneOffset as a standard?
How do shutter speed, ISO and aperture work together to control exposure?
Adapter for Olympus SLR lenses on Sony a6000 camera?
When does "Fill the frame" become "Too tightly framed"?
Combining multiple shots from a burst for noise reduction, when the subject moves slightly?
Are Sony NEX and Sony Alpha lenses interchangeable?
Is there a way to publish a lightroom web gallery via ssh/scp?
How are "Tele Photography" and "Candid Photography" different for a wedding?
Is the Gorillapod sturdy enough for super-zoom lens and long exposure?
Can you create "Versions" or "Virtual Copies" of a photo in Apple's new Photos app
Which focus points on the Nikon D750 support f/8?
What is the -5 to +5 scale below the aperture number on the back of my Canon DSLR?
I'm getting a green tint converting my Nikon NEF RAW files to DNG
Will the Canon 70-200 F2.8 IS provide significant benefit over non IS for basketball and volleyball?
Why is taking pictures with screen turned on with Nikon D5300 very slow?
How to compose a scene when including the actual context isn't simply practical?
Flash Exposure Compensation w/Bounced Flash?
Collections with photos plus their Virtual Copies
What to do when NIKKOR 55-200mm lens behaves like it is not attached to the camera, even though it is attached?
Adding exported jpeg files to Lightroom again - how to preserve exact keywords?
Canon DSLR camera for web and graphic design photos
Canon 55-250, Rebel/XS, fails on *manual* focus?
How can I compare 'super-zoom' lenses to make up my mind which one I should buy?
How can I view vintage medium-format negatives (from about 1950)?
Can deconvolution reverse softness caused by diffraction?
Why are some big telephoto lenses so expensive compared to telescopes?
Does MC-DC2 release cable work with Nikon D750?
Why do I have to set my flash to -3ev flash exposure compensation?
When can cropping off a part or including the whole subject's body be considered a distraction?
what is the camera fstop and lens fstop correlation?
Tamron 24-70mm 2.8f What is the best Canon to go with?
How to tell the difference between the Canon 18-135mm and the STM version?
What caused excessively high grain in Delta ISO 400 film developed by a shop?
Underexposed image with Canon 5D III and flash
What is the main difference between the Nikon 55-200mm VR lens and the newer version the VRII?
Canon PowerShot S100 overexposing in Av mode with built-in flash
How do I know the expiry date of this film?
What does it mean when something is "distracting"?
Color profile from calibration affects Windows' Preview
In which scenarios does it make sense to have the subject look straight into the camera?
Can the specs for a digital camera indicate to me the color quality before buying?
Lightroom 6 and "Hardware acceleration"
external power source for canon s120 or software solution
Mitigating vignetting in a microscope image
Can I get Photographic Paper with lower ISO?
Is there any difference in image stabilization in smartphone camera and DSLR camera?
How can I measure and duplicate camera orientation on a ball mount?
How do I eliminate this shadow from my product photography?
Focus specifics in Samsung s5
Stuck on importing images to collection from Lightroom mobile
Unable to get crisp lights on buildings during pictures of cityscapes at night
Why is 18% grey considered to be in the middle for photography?
Youngnuo flash as a compatible slave flash
Is it possible to change shutter speed in Nikon D3300 remotely?
What ios app makes possible to do this 'halo' effect?
Can I limit Lightroom's CPU usage for preview rendering to a single core?
Is there a difference between getting a Rokinon with MFT mount vs Nikon mount + MFT adapter?
How is the spectral response of a camera typically measured?
Photographing Older Documents
Is it possible to tether a Panasonic Lumix G3 with Lightroom or a tablet?
I'm a beginner photographer and I want to buy a new camera, can anyone give me some suggestions on what to look for?
What are the pros and cons of a mirrorless camera compared to a DSLR?
Can I extend dynamic range by underexposing and then downsampling ("binning") my images?
What does Lightroom do when first opening a RAW file?
What type of USB cable is used for the Panasonic TZ40?
Paper ISO with no filtering
Does sensor type affect image quality?
Are Yongnuo flashes interchangeable between dslr's or are they brand specific?
What are the exact pixel values (or ranges) for shadows/midtones/highlights in Lightroom?
Mid/high-end mirrorless cameras with documented control protocol that can connect to existing wifi networks?
How to get rid of halo effect when focus stacking with helicon focus?
How do I determine the shutter count on a EOS 60D body?
What lens is best for a red carpet community event?
Why is there a colour cast when using an incorrect white balance?
Polarizing filter causing soft, hazy shots?
Why would exposure settings be very different for the same scene between full-frame and APS-C (using a 10-stop ND filter)?
Which color for a job interview portrait?
I changed my Nikon DSLR settings and now images are blurry — what to do?
Are there cameras that autofocus during an exposure?
How can I add/edit geotag data for one particular photo?
Is direct sunlight reflected from white animal fur affected by a polarizer?
Why are the extensions of files imported to my Mac in upper case?
How can I avoid these colored shadows in my product photos?
How do you merge two HDRs in two layers in the same image?
Photogravure: What is it?
What are the differences between Photgravure, Daguerreotypes, tintypes, circuit etching, et al?
Is vignetting affected by sensor resolution?
Which radio triggers can I use with a Yongnuo 565EX flash and a Nikon D610?
Can Still Life photography have framing?
Will the built-in flash of a Polariod camera be adequate for a wedding photobooth?
What lenses can produce a clean starburst effect?
How can I keep lens filters and other attachments from sticking on the lens?
Zoom lens "pops" around a certain focal length. What failure is my lens showing?
How do I set a Yongnuo YN600EX-RT into optical master mode to trigger a Canon 430EXII?
How do I process Magic Lantern dual ISO images into a file format for editing?
Is there a workaround for off-camera second-curtain sync with non-Canon flashes?
Why does Colorhug calibration with laptop and Linux Mint 17.1 come out very red?
What is the difference with ED and IF-ED lens?
How can I see the photo settings like f-stop, ISO etc. of a image?
How do I convert multiple RAW files to jpeg in Photoshop Elements 11 without losing the RAW?
Is there a trick to the right exposure for sky photos?
Pocketwizards vs wireless transmitters?
What is a "vendor" from a photographer's point of view?
Why is the image size different in portrait and landscape mode?
Real estate photography: Low distortion lens VS high resolution lens?
Buying lenses from Japan on eBay? Good or bad?
Do I need an L-bracket for panorama shooting?
Canon 700d - lens does not move when focusing?
Is it possible to digitally capture a full 3D point of view?
Nikon D600 has not enough power to drive AF 80-200/2.8
Are there any known focusing issues for the Nikon 70-200 2.8 VR and if so, how to compensate for them?
Reverse ring sizes
Can I try Adobe Photoshop without buying a license?
Nikon D70s memory card error. SD Card or Camera?
Does the iPhone do automatic tone/color correction?
How can I turn off Lightroom's backup notice?
Are these black lines on Canon S100 an LCD fault or something else?
How to take a photo of a close-up object without focus stacking?
Refurbished lenses from Nikon
How to motion-blur the background while keeping the subject well exposed and in focus?
How does the Dell U2412M monitor compare to the U2515H with respect to its coating?
How do I get a two person portrait with the background blurred using a DSLR and 50mm f/1.8 lens?
Does any software do denoising on Raw files before demosaicing?
Benefit of having a point and shoot on the hot shoe of a DSLR
Will the Sony FDR-AX100 really be better in low light than the Sony FDR-AX33, even though the latter has a faster lens?
Access "Pre-Bayer" RAW image to analyse channel values
Any PC or web applications similar to PhotoPills?
Nikon F-mount lens adapters for Sony E-mount with fewest compromises
How can I light a staged showroom interior, where there is no ceiling to bounce light from?
Fake light coming from fake (opaque) window?
How does a camera artificially decrease DoF of a shot from a single position?
Focusing issues with Nikon 18-35mm f3.5-4.5D on D3200
Why are there arbitrary limits on Lightroom rotation controls?
Photographing a waterfall but also have a person in foreground
Lightroom text/attributes not showing in Windows Explorer
What influence does aperture have on infinity focus?
Why does my Canon 24-70mm L Lens appear to produce higher noise/grain than my 50mm f/1.4 in similar environments?
Editing and saving RAW files, and the relationship to the XMP sidecar files
Low light action with no flash and 300 lens
Would a TTL flash have advantages over a manual flash for my scenarios?
Sony a7: Is there more noise for ISO <100?
Wide angle or ultra-wide (fisheye) lens for interior and exterior architecture shots?
How can I prevent focus shift between slides when projecting them?
Will an EMF AF Confirm M42 Lens To Canon EOS adapter actually confirm with the Helios 44-2 58mm f/2?
What setup/gear is needed to get this silhouette low-key effect?
Does shooting in "live view" also act as "mirror lockup"?
Why did I get blurry star trails?
How can I get a pfm image?
Which has a faster write time: RAW or JPEG?
Projector Design and lenses
How can I get a uniform white balance on a batch of JPEG images?
Why mirror lockup on long exposures?
Online stores for second hand photo equipment in France
I want to know about the relationship between focal length and aperture
When bracketing photos, how do you keep track of them during post?
Image Viewer With with Exif
Is CLS system in Nikon able to send the zoom of the lens to the remote flash?
Why is it called "macrofocus" and not "microfocus"?
What does darktable noiseprofiling read_pfm parameters mean?
Do I need clear or opaque plexiglass for my product photography?
What kind of filter (if any) should I use when photographing a theater scene?
Do I need to calibrate my mirror lens?
What are the differences between D-76 and Xtol?
Is Sigma AF 70-300 f/4.0-5.6 DG APO Macro compatible with Nikon D5100?
Why don't manufacturers include shutter count in the camera menus?
How can I correct overexposed highlights on skin in a RAW file?
I am short 100 pixels for a canvas print, will that make a difference? What about if I zoomed it?
Photographing people at work: What is your workflow for being invited or getting access?
HDR and RAW dynamic range clipping, mapping, and compression
How to transfer from Galaxy 5 to PC without loss of quality?
When using a ring light, how do I get rid of the dimmed backround?
How to save JPEGs from GIMP 2.8 and higher?
Fujifilm XF1 Raf Viewer of Converter - Windows (or even Linux)
How can I see how many pictures I've taken with a Diana F+?
Why is Master flash still firing?
Why is my 430EX firing sporadically on my 40D?
Is the Nikon 80-200 f/2.8D ED outdated?
Is there a plug-in to create a satin-like texture/light effect?
Turning the smaller eye away from the lens?
What determines the fastest shutter speed for an electronic shutter?
What could cause this white speck in a blue sky?
How to scale between two white balance settings for perceptually equal increments?
Nikon D5300 Freezing?
Why doesn't my camera produce usable EXIF data with a Samyang 8mm fisheye lens?
How to filter non-ultraviolet portions of the EM spectrum on a camera (Eg, needing a UV pass filter)?
Tripod options for product photography
What full frame lens for my new FX camera would be nearest to 18-105mm on my old DX-format D7000?
Will lenses of a different brand work on a Nikon DSLR?
Is a quartz lens necessary to prevent UV blocking on full spectrum enabled cameras?
How to take photos with the same aesthetic of the attatched photo?
White balance setting to match the way we perceive things
Is it possible to save the ISO, aperture, and other settings along with the image?
How can I geotag a large number of photos, without GPS log?
How do I measure the distance from an object to fit it in the screen?
I'm having trouble recovering a deleted image. Much older deleted images are showing up in the program, but not this one which was erased yesterday
What (if any) are the differences between Minolta's SAL500F8 and Sony's SAL500F80?
Canon EOS M: Do these lenses make sense together?
What solar battery charger is compatible with the Canon LP-E6 Li-ion battery
Haida ND 3.0 (10 stops) filter issue or normal blur?
Why is my Sony A57 creating low res JPGs?
How should I price sale or license of my photographs to a site which will sell them in turn?
Online photo management for non-profit organization
Are the highlights in this photo a byproduct of the vintage lens or were water particles introduced during shooting?
How can I amplify the light from a tiny white LED through a keyhole?
Options for streaming shots back to laptop / ipad during shoot
What is the practical purpose of "use raw as original" in Photos for OS X?
Issues in long exposure photography
How can I determine the distance to a subject in a old photo with little other information?
Oversaturated colors in Chrome (V43) on wide gamut monitor
How can I rename virtual copies in Lightroom to match a previous export sequence?
Should addition of RGB values be used when adding lens flare to an image?
Imbalance in green pixels
What causes chroma noise in an image sensor
Will Canon's EF and EF-S lenses work better for Canon's mirrorless cameras than mirrorless cameras from other brands?
Do I "need" a panoramic head to shoot 360 panoramas?
Can add-on lenses for mobile phone cameras improve the image quality?
Do wide angle lens adapters maintain DOF but still keep the higher FOV?
what are the different Sony automated shooting modes?
Panasonic Lumix FZ1000 - How does it compare to binocular magnification?
Opening NEF files in older versions of Photoshop
How can I encourage my friend to be less shy when I take her photo?
How does a variable ND filter work?
Is it safe to zoom while taking a photo for the effect?
Is it legal to resell prints after framing them?
Why do phase-detection focusing sensors not like linearly polarized light?
Will a macro extension tube eliminate the cropping of an APS-C lens on a full-frame sensor?
How would I set up the ability to capture stills remotely from multiple angles/locations in a tiny house?
Nikon lens upgrade question
Can a service repair replace a cracked display on an Olympus SZ-31MR?
Where can I buy poster-size reprints of great photographs?
How can I remove brightness from the bottom of a concave plate?
Would scanning the same negative at different exposures give a better result?
How to overcome auto-focusing problem in event photography?
Which sensor "full frame" vs. APS-C (1.6 crop) gives more distortion?
Color correction based on known samples (that are not grey)
How can I best take low-light action shots with a Canon PowerShot SX520 HS?
Does half pressing a RS-80N3 trigger autofocus if back-button AF is enabled?
Is the "One shot" mode more accurate than "AI servo" using back-button focus?
How can I use an on-camera TTL flash with a Yongnuo 605N to trigger my off-camera manual speedlights?
Photoshop working color space choices
How to differentiate between a VR and VR II Nikkor lenses (e.g., 55-200 VR and 55-200 VRII)?
How would I insert a huge object into a panorama photo with correct position and height?
Is the Nikon 55-300mm a good choice for indoor and outdoor portraits?
Lighting needed for 2-D Stop-Motion Video
360 Virtual Tour setup: compact VS full setup?
What precautions to take when carrying a camera in foggy weather with a lots of dew?
How do you set up a photo of a glowing tent in the dark?
What are the RGB primaries in a camera?
What's the point of a shutter when the sensor is clearly working all the time to provide live view?
meaning of ISO setting on Sony alpha 6000
Can a Sigma dp3 quattro be used for Macro Photography?
What is this screw on top of my tripod?
Why do my prints darken too quickly in the developer tray?
Why is my D3300 taking dull, over exposed pics?
Is exiftran still needed today for resetting the orientation of JPEG images?
How does a DSLR's mirror mechanism work?
How can I compose shots with tall buildings without boring sky dominating the image?
"Stuck" pixel appearing on every photo taken
Can I charge a Canon SX 700 battery using a mobile powerbank?
Lightroom: Import photos to folder in computer and backup in external hard disk?
Why do the thumbnails for grayscale images show up in color in Windows Explorer?
Nikon D3 - Cycling of aperture values
Can I copy a Lightroom catalog between computers?
Is analog gain really actually power-of-two only?
Camera recommendation for shot from 25 ft on building?
Can the YN-568EX be used as a commander for other 568EX flashes?
How can I compare different lenses in terms of quality?
Information to include with a fine art print?
What is good protection for outside timelapse? (During rain/thunderstorm)
Does shooting video decrease the life of a DSLR more than taking photos?
A 13"x19" printer / archival quality ink combination?
How do I compare camera signal-to-noise ratio based on camera sample images?
What are the advantages and disadvantage of licensing photographs exclusively?
If I have a Phottix Mitros+ and Odin trigger, what is my best option for on-camera fill flash that can still be a master?
AF-S vs STM focus noise and speed
Differences between shadow placement on a face?
Lightroom 5: apply to active photo in selection only
Why does my shutter sound slower in Q (quiet) mode on Nikon?
Photo management software that does not store information in its own library file
Does the order matter in filter stacking?
Differences between the PB-4 and PB-6 bellows for my Nikon camera?
Nikon D5100 says "lens not attached" in automatic mode (works in manual)
What makes the Foveon X3 a "direct" image sensor?
Why are there shiny bits in my night photo?
How to normalize brightness of individual images (post-processing) for a stop motion movie?
Why only objects within a limited range of distances from a camera will be reproduced clearly?
Why is the sharpness of a lens often determined by aperture?
How do I prepare best for my first wedding photography event?
Why does this article say that a 1.5× crop factor sensor is 43% smaller than a 35mm film cell?
If I shot Tri-X 400 at ASA 800, should I develop at 800, and can I go all the way to 1200?
Why is the autofocus on the D5200 so slow and buggy
Why does my camera no longer display in the Photoshop Elements dropdown?
Looking for info on photographer/camera settings for AppleTV Stock screensaver photos
Getting a sharp focus on a 50mm when the subject is at 5m - 10m
Is it true that all current browsers and OSes are "color managed" now?
How can I shoot a time-lapse using a Samsung point and shoot camera?
What precautions should I take for storing a DSLR camera at home?
Will old Minolta macro extensions work with a ring adapter on a Sony A6000?
Where can I find an in-depth tutorial on DSLR photography?
Taking care of first DSLR
Archiving JPGs instead of RAWs in Lightroom
Equivalent focal length and aperture of 150mm medium format lens on a 35mm camera
Why can a lens still function when subject to severe physical degradation?
Are compact cameras with a zoom lens safe from dust?
What properties of an image could be used to programmatically discard it as "bad"?
How close are we to the sensor pixel size limit?
How do I take long (at least 1 minute) exposures in daytime without overexposing everything?
Does crop factor affect exposure time?
Why do different smartphones with the same megapixel camera resolutions have different quality of image?
Sony A7S and trigger voltages
What are the outer dimensions of the adapter rings for Cokin Z/Lee filter holders
What is the difference between HSV and CIE-Lab color space?
Would higher focal lengths even work on the cheapest DSLRs?
Do I need permission from the photographer to use images taken of me in my personal portfolio?
Why don't people care any more about shutter speed accuracy?
Lightroom: add keywords from textfile to raw images (xmp file)
How to set up an object for blur photography in domestic environment?
Does it drain my Sony a7 battery to have "remote trigger" activated?
How do I remove "magenta clouds" from digital pictures using Photoshop?
If the zoom number doesn't tell me magnification, what does?
What kind of adapter do I need to put an Olympus OM lens on my Canon T3?
Save all color editings as a mapping in Photoshop?
What replacement batteries does a Lomo LC-A require?
How can I instruct Lightroom 6 to always save metadata to the file itself?
How do I automate adding EXIF date information based on the photo's filename?
When shooting in A-mode, at times the shutter speed becomes too slow to hand hold and shoot. How do I solve this?
Why are there two files for each picture?
How is the focus distance of a Leica M rangefinder lens mechanically transmitted to the body?
How do I set a remote flash's power using Nikon CLS system?
What are the advantages of a remote radio trigger over "slave mode"?
What is the best way to care for batteries?
Why do I get the "Change the battery pack" message on startup with my Canon Powershot ELPH?
Is a TTL wireless flash trigger something meaningless?
What causes barrel distortion?
What do the different Canon DSLR image size settings mean?
What features should I look for on a negative scanner?
What difference is there between the 50mm in a zoom lens, a 50mm prime lens, and a 50mm macro?
How to choose a camera for taking passport photos?
How much light is lost through a typical matte focusing screen?
What causes color imbalance, and how does it relate to chromatic aberration?
Why does the mirror open and close for every photo in burst mode?
Does flash tube size matter for studio lighting?
How to retain the most data for editing?
Flash communicates with camera but does not fire
Old Sigma 18mm lens causes Err 01 on Canon DSLR
Can digiKam find images without face tags?
Is a depth of field preview button a must-have feature on a camera?
WIll an Olympus TCON-17X teleconverter work on a Fujifilm X100 series camera?
What caused "silver eye" instead of red eye, and what can I do about it?
Why are some portion of my landscape shots totally out of focus?
How can I fix the Pantone Huey Pro colour cast problem?
Are there significant image quality differences between similar small sensor cameras?
Why do I get blurry pictures when I take a lens attachment off?
What is exposing for the background?
How to get original images when using the HDR mode on an iPhone?
A batch file for sorting images into folders by shooting date
Why doesn't the zoom ring on my Vivitar 75-205mm lens turn?
How can I get a lot of detail in the face, skin as seen in this poster for The Martian?
How to reset Canon 70D WiFi?
When to expose for the shadows vs expose for the highlights?
Is the odd appearance of this owl's head due to an unusual camera angle, or bad photoshopping?
Why does my Sony Alpha 77 II sometimes change to a lower resolution on its own?
How do I convert a single spherical distorted image to a rectangular image?
How to open leaf shutter on Mamiya RZ67 lens?
TTL seems not to work on D7000 with sigma ring flash for dental photography
what is the camera filter used to correct daylight balanced sources to tungsten-balanced film?
How did people calculate exposure in the pre-light meter era?
how many stops different are a 100 ISO film stock and an EI 320 film stock, and which is faster
Why do camera phones have lenses of inferior quality?
Should I remove the lens hood from lenses that I put in my bag?
How do manual flash power levels map to flash compensation values?
Has Nikon made a camera without an exposure meter?
Is there a technique for combining multiple images to create a sharper result?
Is it permissable to share photos of recognized brands as nonprofit art?
Geotagging a series of photos from a kmz file
Crash course on photography for 3d rendering texture
How can I two-way sync metadata between Lightroom catalogs?
Will transfering a TIFF to a photolab via ROES software cause it to lose quality?
Will black level of one sensor reduce its dynamic range?
Syncing multiple cameras with multiple strobe lights
How were these portraits of Trent Reznor lit and shot?
What prevents a f/1.8, 24 mm - 70 mm or similar range zoom lens from being made?
Is "Date Taken" Exif data possible on .PNG file, and is it possible to copy "Date Modified" to "Date Taken"?
Does lens resolution matter when it comes to high resolution sensors?
Skin very red, blotchy in front of camera
How do selfie sticks integrate with digital cameras?
Is it possible to view by date in Picasa?
Why can't I adjust the aperture in manual mode on my 5D MkII?
How do you protect ultrawide angle lenses with a bulbous front element?
What's the resolution of the embedded JPEG preview in a Canon 7D MkII RAW image?
Why is the focus indicator light always on in single point focus mode on my D7000?
How to photograph a tire tread without getting a bulge effect?
Can I make my Canon 70D focus continously when viewing through the viewfinder?
How to get the best quality in Instagram with Lightroom?
Vivitar Lens compatibility with Minolta Maxxum 5
Can I get rid of the "Take your Lightroom everywhere" screen?
Shooting in Manual
Why do my photos lack texture/detail/microcontrast?
How can I change the display to show current shot number on my Canon 600D?
Why do DNGs only show in low resolution on Google Photos?
Software to cross-check EXIF date taken vs date in filename?
Why does my remote automatically trigger the self-timer on EOS60D?
How should I make a timelapse of the sunrise on mountains?
How to take Black and White photos without pure black?
All white with dark contrast color
I need some help buying a prime lens on a nikon D7100, 35mm or 50mm?
Canon Lens Mount on other brands
Fish-eye effect utility
Google Photos Backup DNG file with low quality
Is there a formula to calculate the physical size of an image?
Why did manufacturers stop including DOF scales on lenses?
Best way to backup/edit RAW photos while travelling abroad with bad Internet access?
Can I use ILFORD ILFOTEC HC to push BW film?
How can I undo Canon Auto Lighting Optimizer in Lightroom?
What algorithm can I use to simulate bokeh?
Even exposure for portrait photos
Why is nothing appearing on my NEX 5n LCD screen?
Difference between Canon 18-55mm IS II and IS STM?
Why won't my Yongnuo 568EXII (if used on a radio trigger) fire my 430EXII?
Canon 60D shutter speed problem
When do I have to give credit for the arrangement of photo I took?
Which characteristics should a wide-angle lens have for astrophotography?
Photo organiser (for mac), hopefully free
What is the simplest way to consolidate a photo library that is spread across several hard drives?
Where can I find an online manual for the Yongnuo RF-605N?
What is it called when a camera generates files with more megapixels than the actual sensor provides?
What is the best lens to shoot the Milky-Way on a crop camera?
How do I get Lightroom (CC 2015) to only geotag pictures taken during timespans that have tracks in a GPX file?
How do I practice with a ND filter?
Why do highlights appear blown out in Lightroom but not on my camera?
Gel circular polarising filter
How can I batch process HDR images in Lightroom?
Does Lightroom 5 support a hierarchy (multiple levels) of sub-collections?
How is depth of field usually measured and how can I get depth of field measurements for a lens
Travel lens for LUMIX GH2
How can using an incident light meter improve my outdoor portraits?
In a darkroom, is fresh air or internal circulation more important?
Can I re-rinse developed negatives?
Can I make the Fujiflm X-T10's rear LCD stay off except when using the menu?
How can I use a polarizing filter with my Canon Powershot G15?
Is it still possible to purchase 220 and 10×8 sheet film?
What are these streaks in negative scans I got back from a lab?
Comparing focal length
Why is my Sigma 75-300mm lens causing a "there's no lens" error on my alpha mount Sony?
How can I import a single photo from Mac to iPhone library?
Why do photographed objects in the distance appear smaller than they do by naked eye?
Is it possible to create a depth map using the EOS 70D Dual pixel AF?
Newbie question on Macro photography kit
How openly should I advertise my packages and prices?
What is the best resolution and quality for website
How were these "harsh light" photos of objects on a white background taken?
How do I transfer copyright ownership over multiple photos?
How do I transfer completed photos from LR to an external hard drive?
Camera shows the same pictures with an empty SD card
Canon 70D Viewfinder info battery logo dead pixel?
Is it possible to set up a Lightroom "Render Farm"?
What education or certifications are needed to get work as an image processor or photo retoucher?
Dropped my Nikon D5100, and the image sensor seems to be out of place. What do I do?
How do I scroll through pictures on a Nikon D7100?
Does humidity affect the mechanism of lenses and the sensors?
How to apply lens profile to multiple photos in Lightroom 6
Changing the Flash Ratio as an input variable in Sekonic light meters
Is there any way to recover photos taken without a memory card?
Which Canon lens should I get for portraits/weddings?
How to dodge dark object behind bright one?
Non standard enlarger filter holder
What kind of a Polaroid 600-camera is this?
What lens designs are sharper than a pinhole lens but also allow for multi-month exposures?
How can I tell if a photo is B&W using a tool like GraphicsMagick?
Why does Photoshop say the f-stop is f1.6 in the summary but 1.4 in the details at the bottom?
Can I post a picture of a kitchen remodel we did for a homeowner on our website?
Democratic photography social network(or app)
How do I calculate the actual size of an image from pixels and PPI?
Why does my Canon 600D take pictures in live mode but not in viewfinder mode?
Should I save scanned images of 35mm slides from a Nikon scanner in JPEG or Tiff?
Looking for photo editing program.
What should I do when my memory card stops working in my camera and computer?
Why does my Nikon camera stop short of the selected number shots when interval shooting?
Is it possible to get raw data from the camera on older android phones?
Is there anyway of retrieving unsaved Photoshop work?
Why don't cameras have metering modes that expose RAW files to the right?
What does the edge marking 'safety film' mean?
How does Lightroom compare to Photomatix for HDR images?
Can a Canon 430 EX II trigger a Yongnuo flash?
Is there a tool to compare image EXIF data across folders, so I can eliminate duplicates?
How to export a text list of items in a Lightroom collection?
How can I load images from second internal HD in Darktable on a Mac?
Is there a meaningful image quality difference between the Canon Powershot SX410 vs SX510?
Why won't my Sony a350 take a picture in low light situations?
Is there a software tool to detect and delete image derivatives?
My attention gets repeatedly distracted by the elements needed for the context in this picture. Where am I going wrong?
Quilted/Tiled Image Sensor: How do you eliminate stripes of missing photos in huge quilted sensors?
How do I properly reattach the Nikon D5100's internal display cable?
Why does the screen go black when I make the shutter speed faster?
Will more autofocus points improve hit rate for focus on the target I want?
How can I mount 1.25" filters on a webcam?
Will CS6 run on Yosemite OS on a new MacBook Pro?
How can I remove all keywords from Adobe Bridge?
Can I desaturate incoming light using a filter or series of filters mounted to the lens?
How to create still life silhouettes with candle lights?
Will a camera that's repaired after seawater damage be as good as it was before?
Can I use auto exposure with studio lights?
In Photoshop Elements, how much is image quality reduced if I re-save a previously saved "small" JPEG as a "large" JPEG?
What is Ilford Rapid Fixer's capacity without replentishment?
Highspeed sync using PocketWizards and Nikon flashes
Why are superzoom lenses small but giant telephoto lenses huge?
What is the easiest way to take a shot to remove the background?
Why does my Nikkor AF-S DX VR 18-200mm's focus ring stop at 0.9m?
Why don't Lightroom or PSE recognize CR2 files from my Canon 7D mk II even though they are up to date?
Canon 50mm Macro verus 100mm Macro Lens
How do I set a lens profile to correct distortion with an inverted lens?
How to create an image with star trails in the background and clear, bright foreground objects?
Why don't all zoom lenses have variable f-numbers?
Where is the AF-MF switch on a Tamron 70-300mm tele macro lens?
Are there lenses that exhibit absolutely no focus breathing?
What are the most essential modifiers for shaping light?
What might cause a Speedlight 380EX to stop syncing correctly?
Why do some cameras have a higher resolution sensor even though the max resolution is smaller?
How do I interpret the characteristic curve chart for film, and how does it relate to exposure values?
Canon 700d with stock lens or cheaper model with better lens?
How to take a photo like this where the small object appears big and vice versa?
What is the impact of the EU discussion on restricting freedom of panorama?
Nude model in Thailand
How can I move around the image with a tool selected in Lightroom?
Disable Liveview timeout
What Kelvin-range of "white balance" does the human vision compensate?
Can I use Pentax screwmount lenses on my Nikon DSLR?
What gear for environmental/lifestyle portraits for website
dSLR holster on a belt OK?
How is focus-breathing controlled in lens design?
Mom-friendly digital camera with easy settings and batteries
How can I connect multiple Canon dSLRs in parallel to a computer?
Canon 50mm f/1.8 STM vs Canon 50mm f/1.8 II?
How do I set the RGB values of my monitor to match 6000K for calibration?
How to save my album as JPEG on Kodak Digi Album Pro?
Are there any secrets in lens design?
Can I use a D.O. Industries Navitron 50mm f0.95 lens on a Nikon Camera?
Are there any good resources that provides information about the focus breathing of various lenses?
Is there a camera which can capture all shades from dark foreground to bright background?
How can I best utilize a point-and-shoot for concert photography?
What swirly bokeh technique is this and how can I achieve it?
Why aren't my Yongnuo 605N wireless triggers working with my YN568ex off-camera flash?
Can I make my Nikon DSLR put photos in separate folders per day?
How can I photograph a toy against a white background, leaving the toy in shadow?
Is it possible to substitute or alter color dyes during color film development?
I can't open Sony A58's RAW files on Photoshop CS6 with Camera Raw 7.1 — what can I do?
What to look for in a flash battery pack?
Why is my Yongnuo YN-568EXII's zoom stuck at 14mm?
Error 99 on Canon 1000d
Will Joby Gorillapod SLR Zoom work with mirrorless Olympus EM10?
How does sensor size affect the brightness of an image given the same field of view and aperture?
Is a RAW-only camera economically justified?
How can I prevent condensation on a camera lens?
Is the Nikon 300 still a worthy camera to switch to in 2015?
Switching lens on Nikon D3100
Lightroom: Folder display doesn't match filesystem
What can I do to protect a bulbous lens when no lens cap is available?
How to photograph low light indoor sport?
How to replace the lens on a Nikon Coolpix P7000 with a new lens assembly?
Why is my Fuji X camera stuck in manual focus?
How can I avoid camera shake while using Canon 6D's Auto Exposure Bracketing?
Will resizing JPEGs result in a compromise in my image?
Can Speedlite 430EXII be used on Canon 5D M3 as primary or only as slave?
Can the Lowepro Utility 100aw clip onto an ordinary belt?
adding nameplates or property tags to gear
Upgrading to a better quality camera before a wildlife-focused vacation
How can an electronic shutter reduce dynamic range?
How to calibrate 2 monitors identically?
Easy prevention of unintended lines after crop in Photoshop cs6?
Why is Picasa ruining my raw files
Do Canon's EX-RT speedlights still work with the old optical wireless system?
How can I get crisp, clear product photography with everything in focus?
Files from my camera are very large: does this present any problem?
FD Lens with an EOS adapter produces a type of glare after a couple of minutes, is this normal?
How can I make a Canon 550D shoot continuously for longer than 15 seconds?
HighSpeed Sync in Slave Mode
Do lens hoods need to be matched to focal length?
Which mount is this Sigma lens for?
Pixel size at long distance
How to convert a dull monochrome photograph into a sharp black and white photograph with great contrast?
Will a SMC Pentax-A lens work with my Pentax K → Micro Four Thirds adapter?
Is the Canon Rebel T3/ EOS 1100D compatible with Nikon Lenses?
Remote flash triggering options for Canon 6D
Was photography school worth it?
Why is Lightroom CC not responding after changing to develop mode?
Do web-based photofinder services for stolen cameras work?
How to cut medium format film for scanning and archival storing
Right to use a photo taken at a Russian train station
Got my first vintage lens (Carl Zeiss Jena Pancolar 50mm f/1.8) - what's this lever for?
Light Inconspicuous Tripod
How to configure Canon EOS 550D for dumb strobe lights?
How long does the exposure have to be for a specific astrophotography object with a given lense, iso and aperture?
Astrophotography, what to shoot with barndoor tracker and 200mm f2.8 lens
Astrophotography, image stabilization on or off?
Why won't my Olympus OM-D E-M5 turn on?
Why do pictures turn out dark when I shoot with my external flash?
How do I go about fixing this old photograph?
How should I develop a portfolio for art school?
D5200 darker area at top
Can my Nikon D70 take video?
What are the most prestigious photography awards worldwide?
How to manually select aperture and shutter speed but have auto ISO on a Canon 7D?
Why doesn't my flash fire from the hot shoe trigger?
What workflow can I use to work on photos on two different machines?
How do I clean the grime spots I'm seeing in my camera's viewfinder?
Why are the colors so different in these two photos from different cameras even though I set white balance to the same temperature in Lightroom?
How to fire a Pentax AF 360 FGZ flash with a canon 7D camera
In what type of conditions do I use a polarizer on a 300mm lens?
Nikon D3100 Squeaky Lens Problems?
Camera sensor size vs pixel size and focal length
How do I connect Leica Summicron-M 1:2/50 E39 lens to Canon EOS 5D body?
how to calculate "FocalLenIn35mmFilm" with limited metadata
How can I tell if a Canon lens is made in Japan?
Night Sky SuperResolution (instead of star trails) - possible?
When does the first row of the next frame of CMOS sensor begin its exposure?
Readout time vs Frame rate of CMOS sensor
Why does my Sigma lens make a high-pitched ringing noise on my Canon camera?
Macro/infant photography lens for D5500
Why is my camera focusing fine in liveview but getting it wrong with the viewfinder?
Where can I find information on the Pentax Q lenses serial protocol?
Can a Samsung NX300 shoot without a lens, for attaching to a telescope?
How can I convert a panorama to "Google Sphere" / Panorama for "Google Views"?
Why are ISO settings not available/grayed out on Nikon 5100 in auto mode?
How do I take the right exposure quickly with Nikon D5300 and old AI-S Lenses?
What do I do if recovery software doesn't find any files to recover on SD card?
What should I look for in a camera which could cover all of astrophotography, microscopy and general purpose photography?
Options for flash diffuser for travel?
How can I eliminate white glow/halos surrounding bright objects?
Why did my Canon 1000D stop working in full auto mode, when it still works in P, Av, etc.?
Is there a lossy compressed file format for 16-bit dynamic range images?
How can I get a fixed short exposure ( < 2s) with a GoPro Hero 4 Black?
Will I get full functionality from a Canon 600EX-RT flash with a ST-E3-RT trigger on an Rebel XS?
How can I clean the smell of cigarette smoke from my camera body?
Is LR/Enfuse plugin for Lightroom redundant now that Lightroom has HDR merge feature?
Remote Control for Sony NEX 5 with bracketed images
Where can I buy photographic film in Prague, CZ?
What is an electromagnetic diaphragm?
Why don't cameras have automatic eyepiece covers?
How to break mental models when taking pictures?
How do I chose the right "correction eyepiece" when I need to go past the furthest left on a Nikon viewfinder?
Software to change perspective of image of a whiteboard (or some other plane) to look 2D
Are prime lenses sharp across the whole frame while zoom lenses are soft in the corners?
What would cause a green color shift in the same photo between my Mac and my iPhone?
Why can my Nikon D3300 write to the card, but it's read-only on the computer?
How to work out the base "zoom magnification" of a lens?
Retrieving photos taken without a memory card
Canon 350D upgrade
Is a professional camera cleaning needed after a dirty, dusty photography adventure trip?
Canon 600D - Next lense for travel, landscape, architecture
Using Wacom tablet with Brush tool
Which of the Konica I, II, III, S, SII, SIIII rangefinder variants have a lifesize (1:1) finder?
50mm and 100mm macro lenses difference at the minimum focus distance?
Is there a way to edit/manage/save Picasa web album photos directly from Lightroom?
What is common practice w.r.t. providing signatures on printed photographs?
Possible to open photo straight to Adobe Camera Raw?
How to get flash high but out of the way?
How do I cover the eyepiece of my canon 7D camera?
Better tools/techniques to merge multiple high-ISO images for noise reduction?
How to fix dent in B+W circular polarizing filter?
What differences are there between the Opteka 6.5mm and Rokinon 8mm fisheye for Nikon?
Should I use a 24-105 or a 70-200 lens for photographing a high school marching band?
Make realistic backdrop in photoshop
Why isn't this portrait taken at f/29 sharp?
What are the anomalies in this picture of earth?
What cable (or remote) shutter release for Fujifilm X100S?
How do you keep organized in LR?
Will a Facebook photo page increase my visibility as a photographer?
Photo hosting solution with very specific requirements
Why is my Canon 600D showing card write protect switch as set to lock, when it isn't?
Why does Sony say that a 35mm lens is "35mm equivalent when used with an APS-C camera?"
Can I mix the Profoto off-camera flash system with other Nikon flashes?
How can I make it easier to see the LCD of my Nikon camera in bright sunlight?
What lens should we use to shoot large products in a small studio?
Does anyone make an ASA 1600 or 3200 color film?
Is there a way to "lock" a YN560 III's power setting?
How can I shoot a low-key portrait outside during the daytime?
What is the difference between a very expensive flash and a average priced flash?
What can you do when your lens' focus ring becomes too loose?
How do I reduce the file size of a jpeg image?
Is there a non-video/wifi Canon 70D alternative?
Do old plug-ins get transferred when updating version of Lightroom?
How does manual focus work using Leica lenses on other mirrorless cameras such as Fuji XPro1?
Bulk cropping white unevenly spaced white borders
Other methods to attach a softbox to a light stand?
Bulk cropping images of bottles with reflections?
Do all TTL systems calculate the same exposure?
What's the best way to deal with hot/stuck pixels in long exposure night photographs?
How to restore and use my Yashica 35 G?
What software is photographer Diar Kamal showing on his Facebook page and Instagram feed?
How can I change the ISO value on a Nikon D300S without taking my eye from the viewfinder?
Can you use a Krasnogorsk lens (from the 16mm movie camera) on a Sony NEX camera?
Can the Canon MP-E 65mm lens be used with a Canon Rebel T3?
Why doesn't my computer show Canon EOS 450D pictures taken with P setting?
How do I work around a problem where my lens won't focus on distant objects?
How to fix light leaks on black and white film in Photoshop?
Do images need special treatment for high-resolution ("retina") displays vs regular displays?
Is it coincidence that Nikon F lenses can fit a Canon EF body (with an adapter)?
Is there a way to set white balance of a RAW to match the preview JPEG?
Is there an easy way to export photos from Lightroom in original format if they're unedited?
How do I geotag my photos with the name of the city?
