What are nuclear isomers? What is isomeric energy?
Heat transfer calculated from the specific heat formula, converting to Kelvin
Galilean invariance of Lagrangian for non-relativistic free point particle?
Hearing a sound backwards because of Doppler effect
How does the earth move?
Propagators from integral representations of Green`s functions
How is the "negative dispersion" derived?
Hankel function in terms of planewaves
Does space have to be filled with charged particles to carry electromagnetic waves?
Masses of all the particles in the Standard Theory
How do Einstein’s equations support mass gain in particle accelerators?
Would a generator in vacuum/space provide electricity endlessly?
FOV reduction with Fresnel
What kind of shape has the lowest flutter wind speed?
an example of a quantum system for which wigner function transitions to negative values
Question about orthonormal decompositions over unitary operators
Schwarzschild black hole geometry in Novikov coordinates
What does "single inclusive" mean exactly?
Why is Dirac Lagrangian in Curved Spacetime Weyl Invariant?
Use of escort distribution in nonextensive stat. mech
What is the penetration length of static electric field into conducting metals?
Why do we not have spin greater than 2?
Minimum criteria for quantum state dissolution
Does Gödel preclude a workable ToE?
When does voltage drop occur?
How much power can be drawn from stray electromagnetism in the atmosphere?
Spontaneous emission and induced radiation
Gravitational lensing from an extended body Vs. a point mass
Introduction to relativity books
Separation of solids from liquids using magnetic waves
Why is my tupperware sealed after heating it up in the microwave?
Looking for specific Relativity example
Characteristic length, characteristic time and complexity of the process
How would you store heat?
Superluminal neutrinos
What would be the effects on theoretical physics if neutrinos go faster than light?
What would the impact be on the physics world if neutrinos DO travel faster than light?
What is the physical process (if any) behind magnetic attraction?
What happened to the idea of tachyonic or other superluminal neutrinos?
Why does a firebrand glow brightest before it burns out?
Normal force: up or down?
Will a ball thrown straight up in a train land in same spot (in real world)?
What are the implications of superliminal neutrinos?
How are neutrino beams emitted at CERN?
Mathematically-oriented Treatment of General Relativity
Does the ruling out of TeV scale SUSY breaking disfavor grand unification?
What do "tachionic" neutrinos mean for QG?
Can neutrinos travel faster than the speed of light?
How to determine the required resolution to view an image at a certain size?
Why does the aorta spray blood when atmospheric pressure is higher than blood pressure?
Name for phasor model of light
Probablistic problems in physics?
The Opera Neutrino Experiment and the Supernova 1987
Looking for a good introductory-level review of pseudopotential methods
Stochastic processes and wavefunction collapse
How much lead is there in the universe?
How to calculate the resulting velocitys and rotation speed after two concave polygons collide in 2d
Why does cancellation of dots $\frac{\partial \dot{\mathbf{r}}_i}{\partial \dot{q}_j} = \frac{\partial \mathbf{r}_i}{\partial q_j}$ work?
Why do I hear beats through headphones only at low frequencies?
Ceramic vase filled with boiling water makes a sound. Why?
speed of light flashlights question
Why is the crystallography restriction obeyed?
weight function and the metric
Graphene space elevator possible?
Do the particles that were found to break the speed of light really break Einstein's theory of relativity?
What is the cause of the normal force?
The relation between the speed of light and the Big Bang Theory
OPERA. Dates of figure 10
Is this static mechanical balance possible without trickery?
How to teach the concepts of "Electric Potential" & "Potential Energy" to 10th grade students
What is the relationship between AC frequency, volts, amps and watts?
Does white phosphorous burn in ammonia?
How does the Fourier Transform invert units?
Is time the property of an object?
What causes a gyroscope to eventually rotate/fall over?
How did Feynman derive the physics of medallion vs. plate wobble rate?
Is Melancholia's orbit impossible?
Calculating vector of plane resulting from tailwind
Reproducing the OPERA result
Indirect band gap semiconductor for LEDs?
Is General Relativity applicable for all coordinate systems?
Best way to solve P-V-T Question
What is the "shape" of atomic/subatomic particles?
Linear acceleration vs angular acceleration equation
Laws of Atomic Theory - how is this possible?
Heat equation and Bessel's function
Light vs. X-ray interactions with Phosphor
Could the contents of a bottle affect the surface temperature of that bottle?
How does thermal broadening of the Fermi Function cause electron coherence loss?
How can tunneling be one-way?
What is pure energy?
Should angular momentum change or it should not.?
Trying to understand a step in deriving Maxwell-Boltzman statistics
$\frac{1}{(1-x)_+}$ type distributions and parton distribution functions
Surface normal on the earth to the sun at a given point in time
Why is the speed-of-light "the upper limit" rather than the speed of "particle type X"?
Epistemologically, can we ever deduce the 'true' theory of everything?
Why does the Lorentz transformation in special relativity have to be like this?
How is the distance between Geneva detector and the Gran Sasso one measured?
Water under high pressure
Does the special theory of relativity form the foundation of modern physics?
How to take into account the reference frames with the revolution and rotation of the Earth in OPERA's superluminal neutrinos?
How do you determine power flow direction in a transmission line?
Concept of relative speed
What is changing in latest light bulb technologies?
If the graph isomorphism problem can't be solved in polynomial time, do spin-networks in loop quantum gravity violate the Church-Turing thesis?
If the earth has gravity, why don't we all collapse to the center?
What is the highest accuracy of measuring time differences achievable today?
The implications of the holographic principle on string theory S-matrices
Where did the idea of a neutrino come from?
Why is moonlight less colourful than yellow light?
Fluid Mechanics Problem - Ball in Reservoir
Schwarzschild metric
Flow behind a plate causes pressure drop?
Why is it important that Hamilton's equations have the four symplectic properties and what do they mean?
How do you find the uncertainty of a weighted average?
What is a nonlinear field?
String matrix models with c>1
If it turns out that neutrinos do travel at faster than lightspeed, how will the success of special relativity be explained?
Radial Schrödinger equation
How does length of the bar affect force on the muscles?
What does it mean for a phase space trajectory to be "long" and "stable"?
What's jet multiplicity?
Distribution of Dark Matter around galaxies
Spacetime assumptions at OPERA
Newton's second law of motion in terms of momentum
About $\phi^4$ model
Is traveling at the speed of light the same thing as teleportation?
Fundamental particles with spin > 1
Lagrangian of Schrodinger field
Dirac paper quoted at Wikipedia
What does it take to understand Maxwell's equations?
Entropy of radiation emitted into space
p-adic quantum mechanic
Do neutrinos 'become' other types of particles between oscillations?
How is the operation of a Goldleaf Electroscope explained in terms of virtual particles?
Neutrino unaffected by gravity
A loop quantum gravity toy inspired by an Aharonov-Bohm ring
Question about the parity of the ghost number operator in BRST quantization
Conservation of energy and Doppler effect?
Renormalizing Chaos: Transition in a Logistic Map
Quantum entanglement faster than speed of light?
There is absolute silence?
Is an electron/proton gun possible?
Why Is String Theory Called A Theory
Is there a mathematical way to describe how a flame flickers?
The further the focal length, would more or less be projected in the image?
How does the X-Y mode of an oscilloscope work?
Can sound be used to purify/filter water?
Linear motion with and without Friction
Why do neutrino oscillations imply nonzero neutrino masses?
Is the Sun-set and the Sun-rise Symmetrical for the Observer?
What variables does the action $S$ depend on?
Would you feel weightless if falling or flying up in a vacuum?
Extending Solutions To Hamilton's Equations to Whole Time Axis
How does the distance between two rails effect the speed of a steel ball bearing?
How does a Primary Charge Roller work?
Is it true that quantum mechanics technically allows anything to happen?
What Is the Physical Size of a Magnet?
Apple falls for which of these 2 reasons?
Moving charge as a magnet, is the sign relative?
What is the difference between gravitation and magnetism?
understanding time: Is time simply the rate change?
Understanding difficulty with proving strong cosmic censorship theorems
Does the heat death of the universe really imply a maximum entropy state *all* of the time? Or most of the time?
Frame of reference and big bang
What Is the Noise of an MRI Machine
Spin 1/2 finite-difference field simulator?
Why can I tell a flute from a trumpet?
Which device amplifies the optical signal in fiber optics?
Effects of high frequency lighting on human vision?
A telescope with a bunch of small mirrors
How does a change in temperature affect relative humidity
Inertial and non-inertial frames of references
What is the difference between electric potential, potential difference (PD), voltage and electromotive force (EMF)?
What was so surprising about accelerating cosmological expansion?
The 2011 Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Question about interpreting PDG particle cross section data sets' metadata fields
Can the universe be described by a Markov chain?
Tidal acceleration for a retrograde rotation?
What happens if you x-ray an x-ray?
Microwave absorption in tissue
Literature Request: Introduction to d-wave superconductivity
To what extent is the "minimal substitution" or "minimal coupling" for the EM vector potential valid?
Numerical software to manipulate a light beam in its plane wave representation?
bound charges in materials
Do we need Maxwell's Equations since they fail to account for an experimental fact at least in one occasion?
Dark-energy sources and respective implications
4 digit Miller Index for a cubic structure?
why does what get pushed away when centripetal acceleration is towards the center
domestic electric AC wiring - Live and Neutral correct or not?
Snell's Law of Refraction
How to guess the correct fitting function to some data?
Physics talk with an emphasis on Mathematics
Can quark-gluon plasma ever be close to an ideal gas of asymptotically free quarks?
Does the anthropic principle entail the existence of a huge multiverse?
How do I calculate the position on the Bloch sphere of a quantum gate with a given diagonal matrix?
Explain moving lightbulb
How is the atmospheric composition of objects in the Solar System measured?
Do eye-glasses decrease the Depth of focus?
Could hydrogen liberated from water provide lifting energy which exceeds the energy it took to liberate it from water
How do Optically Active Compounds Rotate Plane Polarized Light?
The Born-Oppenheimer approximation and muonic molecules
Subshell notation for hydrogen cation?
How to set up a very simple experiment in optics?
How are we able to view an object in a room with bulb..?
Charging a black hole?
Jupiter: Zonal Jets in opposite directions
Can hair be used as an dielectric?
Who invented the term "Coulomb logarithm"?
Explain $\rho_{0}\dot{e} - \bf{P}^{T} : \bf{\dot{F}}+\nabla_{0} \cdot \bf{q} -\rho_{0}S = 0$
What are specific arguments against the ensemble interpretation (as promoted by L. Ballentine)?
How do you choose the locations of forces when calculating moments?
Could the acceleration of universe expansion be caused by gravity itself?
Open quantum systems and measuring devices
References for conceptual issues in Quantum Field Theory
What are the patterns appear after kernel averaging?
How is black hole complementarity derived from path integrals or string theory?
Can the Metropolis-Hastings algorithm be generalized to quantum systems?
Conversion formula from spectrophotometer readings to any standard color space profile?
Very basic question: When to use $s=vt$, $s=1/2vt$, $s=at$ and $s=a/t^2$?
Schrodinger's dead cat when the evidence is destroyed
Does the dimensionality of phase space go up as the universe expands?
When can I use Wick's theorem?
simulations at constant pressure-volume and constant volume-temperature
How does one calculate the force applied on an object by a magnetic field?
What ring weave disposition should be the most resistant against stabbing and/or how to determine it
What can wavy patterned sand tell about the Fluid that formed it?
Slingshot Projectile motion calculation
How to get distance when acceleration is not constant?
Stablising the Higgs without SUSY
How can we have spinless fermions?
 Why will clay, when heated to high temperatures,  harden and become waterproof?
Equation that tells me the rpm and mass of a spinning disk needed to keep a second large mass stable using gyroscopic effects
What are typical values of the critical thickness of insulation?
Why Are Maxwell's Equations Preferred Before Those Proposed by H. Hertz?
Simple rotation of an atomic orbital wavefunction
Is pressure distribution affected by shape
Why do ships lean to the outside, but boats lean to the inside of a turn?
Mathematical definition of Bogomol'nyi–Prasad–Sommerfield (BPS) states
Is this a known entropy formula?
Initial vs Constant Orbital Velocity
What are "electron holes" in semiconductors?
At what fraction of the speed of light have people traveled?
What's the relation between virtual photons and electromagnetic potentials?
Infinite-range 1D Ising model + Hubbard-Stratonovich-Transformation
Does Hestenes Zitterbewegung Explain why complex numbers appear in QM?
Magnets arranged in a sphere
Charge on Sphere due to Contact with Capacitor
Mathematical Universe Hypothesis
The topology of a "closed" universe - is it really closed?
Energy operator
Phase space of a discrete dynamical system
Surface Tension of a Liquid - When a liquid body is acclerating
observing Quantum Mechanics
Is mid-water bouyancy a classic example of a balanced but unstable system?
Only Head On collision?
What are the mechanics by which Time Dilation and Length Contraction occur?
Extra help in Optics
decomposing forces
Hooke's Law question
Explanation for speed of an electrical impulse
Finding Speed with the Energy Principle - Nuclear Fission
Boundary terms involving fields at infinity
Optics: finding total power of a system, including wavelength
can radiocarbon dating be used on living things?
Is the continuous transformation of energy from one form to another one free? Or it consumes some quantity of who knows what?
Raman Scattering and the Kramers-Heisenberg Formula
Can an arbitrary RLC-circuit network have non-minimum phase zeros?
Quick question concerning the Heisenberg model
Photoelectric effect: Experimental Physics
CFT on a torus and diagonal modular invariants
Have we figured out how to analyze turbulent fluids?
Derivative of the product of operators and Derivative of exponential
How does an object falling into a plain Schwarschild black hole appear from near the black hole?
How strong of magnetic field would noticibly attract a person?
Relativistic effects
Line width of green DPSS laser
Superposition of wavefunctions
Does "sea level temperature" exist?
What is a wave?
Black hole complementarity
The definition of "frequency" in different contexts
infinite parallel conducting planes
How does a state vector be projected onto an eigenspace after measurement
Amplitude of a Forced Harmonic Oscillator
What is the meaning of Wheeler's delayed choice experiment?
Why we don't see long range airborne CO2 lasers?
Basic Grassmann/Berezin Integral Question
Young's double slit
Probability current
Why is the sun so dense?
Non-unitarity of wave function collapse
Can the time direction of wave function collapse be reversed?
When will the moon fall down?
Whats wrong with this perpetual machine?
Strong force, where is the separation?
Degeneracy and the Hamiltonian
LQG Demystified Book?
Convert acceleration as a function of position to acceleration as a function of time?
Why does light in a room not form constructive and destructive interference patterns?
Why does the speed of light within a solid depend on frequency?
Would a strong diamagnetic material exhibit inductance?
Weird operator and wavefunctions
Light and parabola
Why is the energy density of the electric field produced by two unlike charges positive, even though their potential energy is negative?
How can a conductor be grounded yet there are induced charges on it?
Does the speed of sand flow in a hourglass depend on a height of a sand column above the hourglass neck?
Why should bosons be in the adjoint representation of the gauge group?
Is the number of wavelengths of light spanning a distance invariant with respect to spacetime distortion?
Can someone explain the color Pink to me?
Are Everettian branchings global or local?
Kinetic energy puzzle
How may the magnetic resistance for a magnet moving through a copper pipe be calculated?
Why does Davisson-Germer experiment confirm electron's wave-particle duality?
How does quantum trapping with diamagnets work?
Magnetic Fields
Relation between unitarity and conservation of probability
Why does salt on snow create Ice?
electron hole exchange
Why are nuclear reactors dome/bell shaped?
What is a black hole?
Realistic projectile motion
why making a surface "super" smooth increases the coefficient of friction?
Do we have control on what an electron transition emits: light or heat?
Do moving charged particles have both magnetic and electric fields?
Is there a theortical limit to the amount of sound-energy air can contain?
good and reasonably cheap way of connecting glass and metal in a vacuum setup
What is "quantum locking"?
Motivation for Potentials
Analogue of Princeton Companion to Mathematics for Physics?
Why the Principle of Least Action?
Converting Notes to Milliseconds
Showing that a given matrix provides the desired Lorentz transformation
Measuring a Rod in Motion with two Synchronized Clocks
Relative Synchronicity
Pressure Inside an Ideal Gas
What happens to speed and frequency of a light beam moving in transparent medium when observed from different inertial frame of reference?
Vertical Motion in Air + Density
why isn't the variance of Fano noise proportional to the number of photon arrivals?
Induction and Halbach Array
Integers powers of fields in a QFT Lagrangian
How to Make RF Waves Visible
Unitary Operator as a complex valued function
How does a table fan work?
Air drag coefficient value
Can an "absolute" frame of reference be determined by measuring the compression of light?
If we assume that protons don't decay, then will all matter ultimately decay into Iron-56 or into nickel-62?
How to use the Coddington shape factor?
separation of variables
What is the formula for the glug point?
How does holographic voxel density scale with holographic film metrics?
Could a ship equipped with Alcubierre drive theoretically escape from a black hole?
Does the Opera result hint to a discrete spacetime?
Do asymptotically similar potentials yield similar energy levels asymptotically?
What's a good textbook to learn about waves and oscillations?
How can airplanes fly upside down?
How do the LASERs in LIGO realize that space has expanded as a gravitational wave passes by?
Bullet trajectory at different angles
Recommendations for time-line and road map in graduate school towards specializing in Maldacena's conjecture
How does Newtonian gravitation conflict with special relativity?
Problem with an electricity / thermodynamics assignment
Orbital radius of Geo-stationary satellite
Simple Harmonic Motion Question
Why higher frequencies in Fourier series are more suppressed than lower frequencies?
What is the potential difference between point X and point Y?
Sparks from van de graff generator
Defining a Riemannian manifold - made easy?
Laser frequency tripling
Does a photon in vacuum have a rest frame?
Air flow coming out of a fan feels much stronger than air flow coming in. Why?
Angular Diameter - Perceived size of Objects
Superconductors and electrical fields
can Superconductivity be used to repel water?
Can i use coils with compressed air to make a superconductor?
Tear drop shape
Water and superconductors
Quantum phenomena near black hole event horizon
Modified Coulomb potential
Momentum and indirect bandgap
The visibility of air
What are quarks made of?
How does the star that has collapsed to form a Schwarschild black hole appear to an observer falling into the black hole?
How is stable levitation possible?
Classical mechanics: Generating function of lagrangian submanifold
Can a super-extremal charged black hole be made out of electrons only?
Speed of a particle in quantum mechanics: phase velocity vs. group velocity
Intuitive explanation of moments as they relate to center of mass
What is a correct and simple definition of quantum physics?
Does (it make sense to say that ) the universe has a center?
Is the cooling rate of a (very) cold object, sitting next to an AC higher or lower?
Know altitude and speed of an object in orbit, with true anomaly
Linearizing Quantum Operators
What is a Free Body Diagram?
How do I find the frictional force using a free body diagram?
What is the correct term for the "polarity" of matter (matter vs. antimatter)? Are fractional polarities allowed?
How do we resolve a flat spacetime and the cosmological principle?
What is the fundamental probabilistic interpretation of Quantum Fields?
Depalma Free Energy fields
Synthesizing elements (Nuclear Physics/Alchemy?)
understanding why inversion cannot be accomplished by a rigid change
Spin decomposition in general
If electric charges accelerate towards lower potential energies, why do opposite charges attract?
Why does my refrigerator door resist opening?
Hyperfine structure vs Lamb shift in the hydrogen atom
Which subjects in physics should I choose if I want to help tackling today's energy and environment related problems?
What's the big deal with Nd:YAG rods?
Will the water added to an ice piece freeze?
Free Body Diagram of Fluid Statics Problem
Expected value inequality
Fluid Dynamics: Bernoulli Air Tunnel
What is the definition of a 2-cocycle in Quantum Mechanics
Could this model have soliton solutions?
Can Laplace's equation be solved using Fourier transform instead of Fourier series?
Canonical quantization of quantum field
Is QFT mathematically self-consistent?
Clarification of equilibrium expression for upside down can in water
What are some predictions from string theory that say some crystalline materials "will end up in one of many lowest-energy ground states?"
Alternative definitions of potential?
Would a positron energy weapon cause the same effects as Zat Gun from SG-1 from assuming normal Physics?
Difference between momentum and kinetic energy
Does conservation of momentum really imply Newton's third law?
Transmission and reflection
Usefullness of an only qualitative understanding of momentum?
Nonlinear polarization (second and third order)
How must you spin the ball to make it alternate between 2 positions?
Are there solitary waves in $\phi^4$ theory in 3+1 dimensions?
Poles, wavefunctions, transmission
Is there a contradiction of the theory of relativity here? -- Length contraction and EMR amplitude
Partition Function as characteristic function of energy?
Use the relative velocity formula to find $v_{2f}$ in terms of $v_{1f}$?
What phrases describe collisions with coefficients of restitution less than zero or greater than one?
Optical element is heated by laser: is it possible to get oscillating heat distribution?
What is an antiunitary operator?
If you stop water from expanding, will its temperature stop rising?
At what size will self-gravitation contribute more to stability than surface tension?
Is there a Newton's third law for the em field?
Self-organizing maps
Why you need a graviton when you have the higgs boson?
Is Thirring model a particular case of Gross model?
Dependence of Friction on Area
Question Concerning Dimensional Analysis
Can I couple a chiral fermion to electrodynamics?
Can two spaceships go fast enough to pass straight through each other?
What is the kinematics of a particle with complex mass?
Is the Lorentz group compact (and if not, is U(1)?)
Does $E$ really equal $mc^2$?
Will a violin string keep vibrating for a longer time in vacuum than in air?
What's the meaning of a pressure coefficient in fluid mechanics?
D-brane Lagrangian?
What´s the electric field in the entire space generated by a uniform (but not constant) magnetic field?
Is it possible to create a nuclear reactor the size of a melon?
What is Phase Space Forumation of QM and does it explain use of complex variables in QM?
Are specific heat and thermal conductivity related?
Does thermodynamic processess affect phase transition in solid state metals
Why is the Principle of Superposition true in EM? Does it hold more generally?
Is it possible to transform chemical energy in electrical energy by modifying the equilibrium constant?
Why does a ping pong ball change direction when I spin it on a table?
How do I determine where the maximum air velocity around an object is?
Is the pressure at the outer hole on a pitot static tube equal to atmospheric pressure?
Are there 'higher order moments' in physics?
Is the E-cat by Andrea Rossi et al. for real?
What does this infinitesimal Eulerian change describe?
what is the probability distribution for the angle of an approximate laserbeam
Critics of Mannheim's Conformal Gravity Theory?
Braking distances on a rainy road
Arnold´s Math Methods of Classical Mechs - a question on Newtonian Mechanics
Chance of "macro tunneling"?
Is decoherence due to coarse graining or coupling with the environment?
Inverted Harmonic oscillator
Is the static gauge pressure of a free jet always atmospheric?
If Earth Were Filled with a Compressible Fluid and Spun Really Fast, What Hollow Would Form?
Why every galaxy is moving away from every other galaxy on astronomical scale? because of an explosion or because of creation of space?
scattering theory problem
What determine whether the dynamical equations are tensor equations or vector equations?
Flattening rate of a parabola
Confront Order Of magnitudes
Pull Force of an electromagnet
What shape is formed by the set of all raindrops which create a rainbow to specific observer?
Work done by the Magnetic Force
Net work done on the body when we lift it and put it on the table is zero?
"Dark" quantities
How does liquid convert to gas on getting thermal heat energy?
How do we perceive hotness or coldness of an object?
Why egg cooks slowly in mountains?
Force as gradient of scalar potential energy
Is there a concise-but-thorough statement of the Standard Model?
Melting point, is it determined only experimentally?
What is the 2-point correlation function of the electron field in QED?
Why does an octave on a piano have the divisions of 8 white keys and 5 black keys?
Mass converted to energy in a common fire?
Why is time-order invariant in timelike interval?
Hypercharge for $U(1)$ in $SU(2)\times U(1)$ model
Gauge invariance and Feynman path-integrals
Is mass-energy conversion in chemical reactions experimentally observable
Using supersymmetry outside high energy/particle physics
Combined Translation and Rotation of a disk possible? material and references?
Why are infinitesimal rotations commutative, whereas finite rotations are not?
The shape of the earth$\ldots$
Is eternal inflation and the multiverse compatible with causal patch complementarity?
A wonky gravitational potential and its critical points
Why did Schrodinger never budge on the meaning of $|\Psi|^2$
Torque vs Moment
Does the rotation of the earth dramatically affect airplane flight time?
What is the minimum wavelength of electromagnetic radiation?
Interpretation of Wigner function in optics
What formulae for calculating fluid pressure change involves these parameters?
Measuring the Electromotive Force and Internal Resistance of a Battery?
What is the mathematical formulation for buckling?
The gravitational potential of ellipsoid
Conveyor scales modeling
Finding two dimensional critical point
On the topic of action and reaction
Numeric method to calculate the charge distribution on a conducting surface?
why evaluate at lambda = 0
Compound lenses and virtual images
The Energy-Momentum Tensor and the Ward Identity
mirror house gedanken experiment
1D Wave mechanics (string)
Avogadro's number
Voltage and Current in transformers
What theories allow for "Tractor Beams"?
Neon lamp: minimal breakdown voltage
What is / are the primary criticism(s) against Einstein-Cartan-Evans field theory?
Why don't experimental physics groups have statisticians in it?
How far can you get (in quantum mechanics) with just commutation relations?
Poisson's Equation
Impulse situation
Is there any anti-gravity material?
functional determinant and WKB approximation
Classical car collision
Is there a definition of "direction" in physics?
How to turn water opaque by pouring the smallest quantity of matter into it?
How broad is the term "String Theory"?
Can particle physics be represented as an algebra?
Accelerometer Orientation Conversion
Would a projectile keep going forever in empty space?
Hollow Wheels Down a Hill
Seeking a specific quantum spin system of interacting spin 1/2 particles
Gravitational waves as dark energy?
What instrument will measure voids in a brick wall non-destructively?
weighing big box by carrying the box and stepping on the weighing machine yourself ...?
Where can I find the equations for "quasi" elastic collisions?
Potential energy of a charged ring
How is partial trace simplified?
Should annealed disorder be characterized by the average of the partition function?
Can a photon passing by an open space barycenter of a system of masses  be modeled as if all the system's  mass is at the barycenter?
Small confusion related to leaving of electrons from atoms
Does Spacetime have a "This Side Up" arrow?
Gauss' law giving zero field where field is not zero?
Creation of Nuclear Isomers
Why does blowing on someone who is wet feel colder than on someone who is dry?
Why do mirages only appear on hot days?
Is a given volume of sparkling water lighter or heavier than the same volume of still water?
Conservation of quantum Noether current
Quantum of Time
Proofs that every professional physicist should know
Why doesn't water come out of tap/faucet at high pressure when I turn it on?
Movement of a nudged block on a high friction surface
Applying a force on a rigid body on a certain point
Can composite field consists of two fermions cause cosmic inflation rather one scalar field?
What lepton neutrino would be in this reaction?
The amount of energy required to break the Coulomb Barrier
Ground state energies with fermions of same spin?
How can you test to see if a dice is weighted?
Where is the velocity term in Dirac current hiding?
Is the Standard Model experimentally verified?
Physics textbooks reference request
About the Ether Theory acceptance
What is lepton number?
Renormalization scheme independence of beta function
Applications of recoil principle in classical physics
returning to physics research?
Force on rope with accelerating mass on pulley
Are there any good audio recordings of educational physics material?
Projectile motion question: vertical and horizontal graph
What are the polarization states of the photons in a polarized and unpolarized light?
Why are there both Static and Kinetic Friction?
Is it only red, green and blue that can make up any color through additive mixture?
On a frictionless table, what is the angle at which a cue ball should hit another ball for it to go in?
Difference between $|0\rangle$ and $0$ in the context of isospin
Is the Mendeleev table explained in quantum mechanics?
Y Intercept of photoelectric effect graph?
Why is beta negative decay more common than beta positive?
WHy is SUSY QM important?
How do I rearrange dE/dt to find an electron's 'half-life' due to synchrotron radiation?
Hydrogen 2P Probability Density Question
Galilean transformation in relativity
What's the difference between constitutive laws and governing equations?
If all the eigenvalues of an operator are real, is the operator Hermitian?
Metric tensor of coordinate transformation
Is 'now' smeared over time?
Can there be black light? I mean is it possible to devise a machine that outputs darkness?
Timber floating in the river
Yield Strength versus Ultimate Strength
What is a free fermion model?
Non-renormalizable corrections to GUT unification
Why does it seem like a broken magnet's poles flip?
For a theoretical (not mathematical) physicist, is there a need to learn pure mathematics?
Electron behavior changes when observed?
Hole in the disc shaped magnet
Is it (theoretically) physically possible to project an image into thin air?
Reality constraint
Find the acceleration based on V² x d graph
Quality factor for a quantum oscillator?
Intuitively, what is the source term of the Einstein field equation?
Can you please help with our water tank and spray system?
Why Negative Energy States are Bad
What is force times angle?
How to set the electric potential on a certain boundary to a certain value experimentally?
Plotting Hydrogen's $2P_{x,y,z}$ Probability Densities in MATLAB
Why is energy in a wave proportional to amplitude squared?
Big Bang and Cosmic microwave background radiation?
Quantum mechanics video lectures
Calculating the heat capacity of a system
Condensed matter physics for mathematicians
What is deep Fresnel region?
Understanding P-, CP-, CPT-violation etc. in field theory and in relation to the principle of relativity
Definition regarding percolation
Literature request for books / review papers on gravitation, gauge theories and related mathematics
How many different formulations of QM currently exist?
When does 'energy' turn to matter?
How long does it take for expanding space to double in size?
What are the specific requirements for a do-it-yourself quantum double-slit experiment?
What final states can proton-proton collision generate?
What is the dominant interaction in elastic collision pi- + neutron -> pi- + neutron?
Which low energy SUSY models are compatible with LHC and tevatron data so far?
Definition of "localized state"
Reflected optical rotation of polarised light
Mathematical Modelling for Efficiency of PV thermal technology
Is instantaneous velocity an abstraction?
Motivation for maximum Renyi/Tsallis entropy
WKB approximation to loop diagrams
What happens to body chemistry at the speed of light?
Energy is actually the momentum in the direction of time?
What is the math knowledge necessary for starting Quantum Mechanics?
Penetration of armor plate
Transparent boundary condition
Is there an intuitive reason the brachistochrone and the tautochrone are the same curve?
Speed Distribution of The Particles
Electromagnetic Radiation
Does a thermally expanding torus experience internal stress?
given the infinitesimal generator can we deduce the symmetry?
Planetary model of atom still valid?
What does transport equation represent in terms of physical quantities?
What objective criteria distinguish between valid science, fringe science and pseudoscience in physics?
Why is the Dirac operator so important - in both physics and mathematics?
Lorentz Transformation via Geometry
Is (0,0,0) an undefined vector?
In layman's terms, what is a quantum fluctuation?
Is 4-velocity normalized to -1 even for non-geodesic timelike curves?
Is the equivalence principle strictly fulfilled by general relativity?
Where are the ice rings in X-ray crystallography located?
Is the force between solitons with same charge always repulsive?
Generating Pink Noise
A physical understanding of fractionalization
Where to find experimental/theoretical value of (charge) radius of particles?
Question regarding escape velocity
Resources for current thought on time/spacetime?
Red shift and time distortion
Additional accelerating force during take off of a rocket?
Chiral anomaly and decay of the pion
Lifetime of a quasiparticle
Simplified partial trace of two operators
Inertial frames of reference
Non-computable numbers in Physics
Ping-pong ball pontoon
Equation of motion for the reduced density matrix
What was the motivation behind suggesting the trichromatic theory of vision?
How do I find equations for the distance of the planets relative to one another?
What's the difference between dim and bright light?
If a car appears in horison and within 2 seconds passes you by, whats the speed it's doing?
Constant velocity in siphon?
Do amorphous metals undergo conchoidal fracture?
Laws of physics and general relativity
pros and cons of the anthropic principle
Convergence and well-definedness of Lorentzian path integrals
Desperately Need Help with Grade 9 Static Electricity
Theoretical basis for black hole evaporation
Alternate layman's metaphors for illustrating curved space-time
Proca theory and renormalization
Buoyancy experiment with my child
How can I model a polyatomic molecule as a system of coupled oscillators?
Back-of-the-envelope calculation of electron anomalous magnetic moment
Capacitance of Non-concentric Spheres
What are the final particles emitted from an evaporating black hole?
Conservation of angular momentum for a nonrigid body
Help with Cutkosky cutting rules for fermions
Local Charts in General Relativity
On BE and FD Statistics
Canonical and microcanonical ensemble
Does light escape when I open my blinds?
Physics behind 2 different wall kicks
Gibbs Ensemble initial densities
Is it possible to calculate weight of person with sensors found in today's smartphone?
What are the white lines in some nuclear bomb test photos?
Thermodynamic System: Windmill
ergosphere treadmills
Is it possible to check from the EM waves(basically Light rays)?
The time component is $\gamma m c$, so shouldn't $E=mc$?
Total Resistance of Infinite Resistor Grid?
Is there a measure of internal energy flow?
Duality and Fourier Transforms
What happens to a Luttinger liquid under time reversal?
A Paradox in Special Relativity
Does power from a resistor perform work or heat transfer?
centrifugal force in static frame of reference
How do derive this result in stat-mech style
Canonical momentum in different coordinate system
Energy non-conservation for time-dependent potentials
How can we be sure that nature isn't "faking" quantum statistics?
why do all objects of varying mass acelerate the same?
why do some orbiting objects have a changing position?
What is new with quark-Gluon Plasma and the bubble formed at RHIC?
How does force affect velocity?
A ball inside a cavity
A possible absolute reference system
Time, what is it?
Relativistic transformation of the wave packet length
What is the physical meaning of the terms in the multipole expansion?
Distinguishing two quantum states practically
Are there irreducible tensors of half integral degree in quantum mechanics?
Is the spring constant k changed when you divide a spring into parts?
Why do some satellites fall to Earth?
Why is gravitational potential energy negative, and what does that mean?
Is there something like the Poynting vector for hydraulic circuits?
"Slightly off-shell"?
Why *should* the mass of elementary particles theoretically be of the magnitude of the Planck mass?
The fine structure non-constant
AdS space - Poincare Patch
How do I express the Kepler general orbit $r(\phi)$ in rectangular coordinates?
Does a Weak Energy Condition Violation Typically Lead to Causality Violation?
Does gravitational differences affect the distance light travels? (a thought experiment)
Does the wave function/density state actually exist?
Fuel Tank Question
Why is the charge naming convention wrong?
GUT predictions for charm mass?
What is the physical meaning of a dot product and a cross product of vectors?
Explanation of Cardy's "a theorem"
Time traveling and Time dilation within a multiplayer videogame
The shear stress assumption in Navier Stokes
Phase shift for Scattering in radial potentials
Equivalence between Differential Geometry and Mechanics?
Inertial Mass of a scalar field
Decoherence inside black holes
superconductor levitating in earth's magnetic field?
What's the potential of the LHC's heavy ion experiment?
Does a nonzero Poynting vector mean that there is propagation of energy?
What is the meaning of pressure of a gas
Escape velocity of a rocket standing on Ganymede (Moon of Jupiter)
Violation of Lorentz symmetry on cosmological distances
Is spherical coordinates enough to calculate the exact position of a point with rotations included?
Do gravitational waves slow down as they pass through matter?
Unconstrained action in Yang-Mills theory
What is the rationale behind representing a state function by a complex valued function in QM?
How does a mobile phone vibrate without any external force?
Consequences of the new theorem in QM?
Calculating position using shadows
Neutrino path bent by gravity?
Why doesn't this perpetual motion machine using magnets work?
Does a water cooker element have to be 100C to get water to cook?
What is the status of gravitational wave searches?
Does frequentism require exponentially many trials in some cases?
Spin Echo Experiment
Can Plasma Ignite?
Do people confuse all-order perturbation theory with non-perturbative physics in QFT?
What are the implications of the speed of light broken?
Can magnetic fields be redirected and focused at one point?
What happens to a fully charged battery, when you continue to charge it?
Bloch oscillations - Scattering to other bands
Why the pion does not get mass under Spontaneus breaking of chiral symmetry, but the quarks do?
Why is geometry mathematics and not physics?
Is stopping something work?
How do we know Dark Matter isn't simply Neutrinos?
Is quantum mechanics intrinsically dualistic?
Differential Equation in Spherical Harmonics Derivation
Finding stopping time when only given initial angular velocity and an expression for angular acceleration?
Finding work done by rotational force?
Problems that Lagranges equations of the 1st kind can solve whereas the 2nd kind can't?
What sets the resolution on analog film?
Is PHD in Theoretical Physics(Quantum Mechanics) on my own possible?
Finding induced current in a loop at an instant
Expected number of quanta in harmonic oscillator states
How fast does force propagate through matter?
Why does the Higgs field only couple to opposite-chiralities fermions?
Taylor approximation in physics
Calculating the gravitational acceleration inside of a planet
How would you improve braking capability on a hovercraft?
How are possible microstates discerned in Gibb's entropy formula?
split gravitational force into x, y, and z componenets
Proof of the Hydrostatic weighing equation?
How would a large a mass be stable at the Earth Sun L4 or L5 point?
Projectile motion equations @ very (!) high starting velocity
More data points or more averages?
What is the force between two magnetic dipoles?
Do the properties of two streams flowing into an engine add together when they mix?
Drum head coupled with an RLC circuit
Book against a wall and forces
Angular Momentum Operator
Doubts about tubular Feynman diagrams in string theory
Why does the Earth rotate?
Consequences for causality if superluminal neutrinos were explained by extra dimensions
An integral related to QFT
Vertical component of moving weight at a 45 degree angle
How do you combine two rigid bodies into one?
Information encoded on the surface of a black hole
How do I determine the Internal Energy of ammonia at a pressure in temperature when the steam table doesn't say it
How should a closed-ended terrestrial trajectory be corrected for the Coriolis effect?
Possibility of Bose-Einstein condensation in low dimensions
Conversion of the Polyakov action into the Nambo-Goto action?
Nonlinear absorption coefficient and the band gap
What happens to temperature when pressure is constant in a cylindrical piston of saturated liquid ammonia?
What type of substances allows the use of the Ideal Gas Law?
Hamiltonian with position-spin coupling
Is it possible to calculate specific velocities from acceleration?
Special conformal transformations and locality
Non-minimal coupling of electromagnetic field
Why does an airliner burn more fuel at lower altitudes?
Meaning of what C. P. Snow said about the laws of thermodynamics
what is a difference in the width of the spinning bar?
Intensity loss due to vignetting
Has anyone actually "seen" entanglement?
Counter Rotating Bicycle wheels on same axis-> Will they still cause me to spin on a stool?
$E=mc^2$ why is it $c^2$ and not just $c$?
What does a Lagrangian of the form $L=m^2\dot x^4 +U(x)\dot x^2 -W(x)$ represent?
Do atmospheric physics prevent hot air balloons from ascending over 60,000ft?
Calculating Systematic Error for capacitor charge time constat
Are quarks and leptons actually fundamental particles?
Does a finite wave necessarily have to be non-monochromatic in reality?
Island of Stability
Why do aircraft inner wings lose lift when turning?
Reference request: Introductions to current mathematics derived from / related to gauge theories (in physics)
RG of the Gaussian Model: Finding the scaling factor
How would nucleosynthesis be different if the neutron were stable?
Renormalization Group: Different fixed points
The mathematics of entanglement
Does the global financial system violate laws of thermodynamics and energy conservation?
What is the smallest distance between a decaying vertex and an interaction point a detector can measure?
Number of conditions for a two-particle state to be decomposable
Infrared remote flashes blue light in camera
Velocity Time Dilation
Is there any true inertial reference frame in the universe?
Rock chips showing magnetic property?
Sine wave, $\pi$ and frequency
Why can't $ i\hbar\frac{\partial}{\partial t}$ be considered the Hamiltonian operator?
Hidden observers in Double Slit experiments - Do they matter?
How many times brighter could the stars shine without raising the temperature of space?
Is it possible to calculate the work function of a metal with basic lab equipment?
How does a piece of paper manage to pump out the water from a bowl
Renormalization Group for anisotropic "Gaussian" model
Who first realized the uncertainty principle allows for virtual particle pair production?
What exactly is electric field screening?
Why does this object periodically turn itself?
Use of Operators in Quantum Mechanics
What is the physical meaning of the affine parameter for null geodesic?
Imaginary angle on simple centrifugal problem
Radar Frequency Bandwidth
How do formulas get figured out?
Is it possible that portions of the universe are made of antimatter?
Electron Positron annihilation Feynman Diagram
Path to obtain the shortest traveling time
How can one trace out polaritonic degrees of freedom?
Ice cream cone and loop-de-loop
Formation of black holes
Friction between air and a tube
Do we know how matter moves matter?
what is it called: box potential with one infinite wall
Are circularly defined {velocity, distance, and time} a problem in physics?
units and nature
What are some interesting calculus of variation problems?
A proton is trapped in an infinitely deep well of L meters. The proton is in the first excited state. How does the excited state change the question.
What does the differential of $d_s\sin(\theta) = m\lambda$ help us see, with respect to waves through diffraction gratings?
Dark matter and mass-energy conservation
Solving an indeterminate triangle truss structure (statics)
Does neutron radiation form clouds?
How can I find the potential created by spherical capacitor with dielectric material?
Determining the capacitance of a system with a non-homogenous dielectric
Principle of Least Action; Newton's 2nd Law of Motion
What is reason for electronic compass calibration?
What is the molecular model of heat of mixing?
Quantum systems with real structure
Effect of rotation on turbulence threshold for Reynolds number?
Guessing what a simple partial differential equation is describing physically
Action principle for the Electromagnetism and Gravity
What is the physical sense of the transition dipole moment?
What's the meaning of negative accuracy for measurements of physical quantities?
What does an electron's wavevector mean inside of a crystal?
Dimensional Analysis: Buckingham Pi Theorem
Lagrangian for Relativistic Dust derivation questions
Reformulated: Universe expansion or collapse
Relationship between inductance and number of turns in a coil in loudspeaker
curvature tensor component capable of doing work on $T_{\mu \nu}$
What are some interesting coupled harmonic oscillators problems?
Testing the temperature of an open flame
How to model an accelerometer measurements on a car wheel?
Quantum Computing, Qubit Creation/Entanglement
How can a sine wave represent a longitudinal wave?
Has anyone theorized a connection between entropy and quantum uncertainty?
Does stirring water in a bucket in whirlpool keeps it warm?
Analytic solutions to time-dependent Schrödinger equation
How to calculate the electric field and potential inside a dielectric surface placed into a homogenous field
How to modify the bullet trajectory based on the ballistic coefficient?
Is it possible to recover Classical Mechanics from Schrödinger's equation?
Why is mechanical waves faster in denser medium while EM waves slower?
Why don't the actinides start at neptunium?
Can decoherence work when the environment itself is in a superposition without invoking collapse or splitting?
Why is storage of spent nuclear fuel dangerous?
Infinitesimal input, macroscopic output
If the entire universe is the same age, can one assume that any potential life elsewhere is at the same stage of development as us?
how much heat i need to reach constant temperature
Difference between 1PI effective action and Wilsonian effective action?
Is existence of cosmic dark energy falsifiable yet?
Are there any reasonable attempts at explaining the OPERA result
Find equations of motion from given Lagrangian density
What "I" should use in Rotational Energy formula $(I \omega^2)/2$
Decay from excited state to ground state
laser spectral width vs. linewidth
What type of symmetry specifies in presence of what each not-charged particle (for example, neutrino) should have an antiparticle?
Modeling galactic colonization 
Physical laws prior the big bang (quantum fluctuations)
FPS to MKS usage issues
Why regularization?
how does phase-shifting principle in interferometry work?
Is the number of independent constants of a system equal to the number of degree of freedom of it?
Cusp anomalous dimension in QCD
Interaction of matter with EM fields
How does electricity propagate in a conductor?
Layman explanation for superconductivity?
interaction at a distance: how it works
Decibel level addition of multiple noise sources
Why do or don't neutrinos have antiparticles?
Can stable nuclei theoretically fission through quantum tunneling?
Has Chandra Varma explained cuprate superconductivity?
Understanding the Seebeck effect
Wave propagation in anisotropic media
Spherical magnets shooting like bullets and demagnetizing
What is the magnetic susceptibility of NdFeB?
Time-Dependent Potentials in Quantum Mechanics
If LHC searches of a Higgs boson won't be a success, what consequences for the theory of electroweak interaction it can bear?
Levitation rotation speed involving laser acceleration, pyrolytic graphite and a vacuum
Spinors in more dimensions and new degeneracies?
Is there other uses of flow-straighteners than flow-metering?
How to calculate the temperature of a receiving point from concentrated solar power?
Would a solution to the Navier-Stokes Millennium Problem have any practical consequences?
A simple action inequality
Electrophorus: Why can't we use a magnet in substituion of a charged body to induce the polarization?
Seeking chiral anomaly EFT example
How to implement Heun's method to solve a 2nd order ODE?
Dimensional Analysis: Buckingham Pi Theorem Using a Matrix
Why is air a poor conductor of heat?
What experiment would show water and ice to be the same thing without transitioning one to another?
That 10km/day error predicted if GPS satellite clocks not corrected for relativity
non-exotic traversable wormholes and string theory
This Expansion-of-the-Universe-Diagram Confuses Me
Question on ladder operators
How does cooling scale with volume?
Heisenberg picture saves locality in QM?
Finding initial velocity using conservation of momentum and energy
What theory is the person in this song talking about?
How can I show that an arbitrary wavefunction in a 1D SHO is periodic in time?
what's the physical meaning of vector Laplacian of Electric field intensity?
Testing my understanding of QM - The Double Slit Experiment without the slit
Figuring out the force using Newton's 2nd Law
Sparticles: Relationship to supersymmetry and dark matter?
What's it like in a sphere mirror?
Speed of Light, Photons or WaveSpeed?
Uniqueness of eigenvector representation in a complete set of compatible observables
Calculate time for which a mass is in free fall
How does evaporation affect the temperature of the air?
Relativity and predictability
Is there a limit to the resolving power of a mirror telescope?
Is it necessary to embed a 4D surface in 5D space?
What happens to a rotating rod that breaks in two?
What material can a lens be made from?
Why are anticommutators needed in quantization of Dirac fields?
Second law of thermodynamics and a bunch of magnets
electric dipole momentum calculation
Space expansion effect on wavelengths across two points in space
Gravitational sphere
Is the total energy of a quantum system the sum of the particle energies?
How Is Entanglement Created Among Qubits?
The role of resistor in e.g. an AND gate
How do I get the focal length from a camera matrix?
Tensor product of Hilbert spaces and non-interacting particles
Supermassive Black Holes = expansion origin?
Why model space with real numbers?
Sinusoidal vs exponential wave functions with Schrodinger's equation
If a puck on ice deccelarates, is its speed "v = v0 - t * a" or is it "v = v0 -k * v0"?
Point charge potential (sign problem)
What if we could give photons some mass?
How does the Higgs mechanism work?
Why does a gas get hot when suddenly compressed? What is happening at the molecular level?
Would a high-explosive in a vacuum be less harmful?
Average speed of seismic waves towards the center of Earth
Could a viable solar system work with a cluster of dwarf stars in center? And would it last longer than a single stellar mass star?
What are bootstraps?
How light years is measured?
Is the Energy Sharply or Fuzzily Defined in Quantum Mechanics?
Different results for Magnetic field using different methods
Crystal Field Theory
Easy to obtain liquid with freezing point a couple of degrees above 0 Celsius
Can the Lamb shift be expressed in more-or-less closed form in terms of the renormalized 2-, 3-,...,n-point VEVs of QED?
Why do balls in a spinning ellipsoid move to the minor axis plane?
How much energy is contained in a 40 meter wave?
The effect of an EMP on circuits
How might clock synchronization work with RSA SecurID tokens?
How to write the Fröhlich Hamiltonian in one dimension?
What are brain waves?
Calculating stress without strain
Why do 3d spheres and gravity tend to rotating discs on one plane?
Energy transferring question
How do I calculate the time it would take for a space craft launching from earth to reach another planet?
Pauli Matrices in orthogonal space
How to calculate total distance and time a puck will move?
Why are $\mu_0$ and $\epsilon_0$, which appear in electrostatics and magnetostatics, related to the speed of light which appears in electrodynamics?
How scientists estimated that our universe is 4% normal matter, 21% dark matter, and 75% dark energy?
How can I modify the bullet trajectory based on the ballistic coefficient?
What about the other side of the Black Hole
Why is the shadow of earth red?
Can the implications of dark energy be used to bridge the gap between Quantum Mechanics and General Relativity?
How does a V formation save fuel for the lead plane?
Magnetic fields and friction
How do electromagnetic waves carry quantised energy?
What are some examples of how the discovery of dark energy can impact other, seemingly unrelated, branches of physics?
What is escape velocity? In reality, how can something no longer be under the gravitational influence of something else?
How can I prevent being zapped by static electricity every time I touch a doorknob or handle in the office?
Time-ordering vs normal-ordering and the two-point function/propagator
Why can't a stable star have radius 1 < r < 9/8 its Schwarzschild radius?
Some questions about the logics of the principles of independence of motion and composition of motion
catalysts as traces in a monoidal category
Finding coefficient of proportionality
What symmetry causes the Runge-Lenz vector to be conserved?
Why do bass tones travel through walls?
Is reflection just a particular case of scattering?
Derivatives of Dirac delta function and equation of continuity for a single charge
Real world examples for projectile thrown upwards or downwards
Numerical algorithms to generate a random wavefunction from a thermal ensemble
Hydrostatics: Log floating in water near a dam
Zeta-function regularization in QFT for heat kernels
Knowing the mass and force acting on a particle, how do we derive the relativistic function for velocity with respect to time?
Proof Human Designs for Fusion Could Work
What is the magnetic field inside hollow ball of magnets?
Is a white object always white?
Logical connection of Newton's Third Law to the first two
Can 2 beams of ultraviolet light intersect and be visible where they intersect?
Why is a critical quantum system described by a conformal theory in one higher dimension of space?
Gravitational torque about a bolt that a mass is hanging from
Current against the inverse of resistance graph, $I = V/R +c$
When has the speed of light been measured, recently?
Merry go round physics problem?
Vanishing Ricci flow on a curved manifold
Einstein's Mass-Energy Equivalence versus Quantum Kinetic Energy
What does it mean if a = g in this situation?
What is the current science on entropic gravity?
Using acceleration to plot position
Is the energy coming from sun to earth completely sent back?
Is "equilibrium state" equivalent to "well-defined state variables"?
What do the various journals and publications bodies offer for their subscriptions?
Why are interacting noncommutative quantum field theories with space-time noncommutativity unitary?
Theoretical proof forbidding Loschmidt reversal?
Electric field between two charges
Can quantum measurement process be thought of as a sieve?
Higgs Field compared to EM field
Momentum Energy and Higgs
Why is the work positive here?
Do multiple permanent magnets aggregated together approach the same strength as a single magnet of the same size?
How to integrate over rapidity for Parton Luminosities in LHC?
Does heat from gravitational pressure dissipate eventually?
My math says this is wrong, but what part of energy conservation am I violating?
How does the speed of an incoming pitch affect the speed of a baseball after it's hit?
Defining Orderly/Chaotic states in terms of entropy?
Physics history book with some math
Irreducible tensors concept
Does time actually exist or is there just a single stateful system being updated over time?
"Completeness" of eigenvectors in a complete, commuting set
What electric potential is found over individual resistors connected in series to an AC power supply?
Are there any models for two light Higgs?
What's the Standard Model width of a 125 GeV Higgs?
How do physicists justify using $c^2$ in equations?
Define Pressure at A point. Why is it a Scalar?
How should one combine the uncertainties from the ATLAS and CMS measurements?
Why search for theoretical particle?
Is there a theory which treats particles as classical point singularities?
Solar wind and the Earth's magnetic field
Equation for finding electrical resistance
Why do quantum physical properties come in pairs?
Which collision energy at LHC is better for hunting 125 GeV Higgs, 7 TeV, 8 TeV or 14 TeV?
The implication of anti-commutation relations in quantum mechanics
Air simulation environment
Can we describe the classical laws of physics in a frame-of-reference-independent way?
Elastic Collision with objects of the same mass
Has CERN recently found evidence for a Z-prime boson?
The structure of space-time
Value of the Hubble parameter over time
Correct application of Laplacian Operator
How do I find the force an object exerts on adjacent objects when I push on it?
Light vs neutrino speed comparison in a real tunnel
Can the Heisenberg interpretation or path integrals apply to open quantum systems?
Why are noble gases used for lights?
What is a single word that describes the idea of the second time derivative of energy?
Difference between Clausius-Clapeyron and Van't Hoff equation
Heat transfer, Cold vs. Hot
Absorption / Control / Reduction of EMF radiation using passive antennae & matched load
Can you magnetize iron with a hammer?
Why is there extra minus sign in Feynman's rules for every closed fermionic loop?
How to determine the field of view for a pinhole camera with given parameters?
Why is Polarization of a wave important, and what happens when a wave is polarized in all three dimensions?
Does a car use friction to move?
Do Positrons Bend The Same Direction As Electrons In A Magnetic Field?
How does electron capture occur?
Reconstruction of information stored in an evaporating black hole from the emission spectrum?
How much does a steel spring wire bend due to it's own weight?
Time passing near a black hole
Atom Theory vs Quantum Physics
What do "local" and "global" mean when talking about standard deviations in experimental particle physics?
Physical interpretation of Wheeler - Dewitt equation
Counting the number of modes
Physics Paradox about Newtons Second Law $F=ma$
Focusing laser & off-axis illumination & diffraction limit
Simple description of exchange interaction?
Forces exerted on a body inside an accelerating elevator
Does opening the oven door heat the house more than if the door is closed?
This is going to sound really stupid. But how do I change my normal force?
I think there is something wrong with this problem. How do you know if the vertical acceleration is zero?
How does the focal length of the lens change the distance from the camera to an object?
Conservation of momentum leading to damage
Is energy conserved in  decay of hydrogen atom in superposed state?
Observable: possible outcome of measurement vs (linear) transformation
2d simulation shooting projectiles that inherit the gun's veocity at a moving target while also moving
How to determine the angle a camera has to be at to image a desired scene, given the camera parameters?
Where does the principle of superposition come from in newtonian mechanics?
Are Uncertainties in Measurements Important?
How does gravity work underground?
Is there a magnetic field that satisfies $\nabla \times B = 0$?
How do I properly use Newton's Third Law and Free Body Diagrams?
Homogenous vector bundles
Decay Amplitudes Notation
Why is the angle of a pendulum as a function of time a sine wave?
How can a portable 5V battery charge another 5V battery?
What are the expressions for rotational and translational kinetic energies of a system of point particles?
Can microwaves affect WiFi?
How did Rømer measure the speed of light by observing Jupiter's moons, centuries ago?
Where do electrons get their ever-lasting circulating energy?
Index Manipulation and Angular Momentum Commutator Relations
Could a sleeping bag be warmer if you are naked inside?
Free surface of inviscid fluid flow
Watercooling performance  and amount of water or liquid in the loop
Difference between coordinate and proper distance in Schwarzschild geometry
Are proton, antiproton, electron, positron the only observed subatomic particles that can freely exist and don't decay, i.e. are stable?
Gravitational waves detection, any news?
How to understand temperatures of different degrees of freedom?
On the origin of the rotation of celestial bodies
Differentiating the ideal gas law
What's the isospin of photons?
Motion is relative, right? And most pop sci relativity explanations are somewhat incorrect?
Assumptions in Heisenberg's 1925 paper
Thermal energy generated due to loss in kinetic energy when observed from two different frames of reference
Does the Pauli exclusion principle instantaneously affect distant electrons?
Light filter for an experiment
What does a unitary transformation mean in the context of an evolution equation?
If 2 bodies are moving at equal speed parallel, and one throws something at a right angle to itself, will the thing thrown hit the other body?
How do you properly analyze decoherence when the system-environment interaction is strong?
Why is the diffraction pattern for an annular aperture the difference of the two Bessel functions?
Why is the observed signal the convolution of the true signal with the instrumental function?
Proper distance and embedding diagrams?
The range of light
Visible light spectrum to color space
Transition of electric charge to "magnetic charge" when $\alpha$ gets >> 1 in QED?
What are examples of classical physical systems having polynomial observables of degree greater than 2?
What exactly is a quantum of light?
Can the field generated by a magnet domain extend to infinity?
How do you properly define a line in a Feynman diagram?
Near-field around parabolic antenna?
How to derive Fermi-Dirac and Bose-Einstein distribution using canonical ensemble?
Gravitational waves detectors; are they all similar?
Deterministic quantum mechanics
Why are differential equations for fields in physics of order two?
Cross sections and renormalization scheme
Is decoherence even possible in anti de Sitter space?
What exactly is the 'observer' in physics and/or quantum mechanics?
Variation of delayed choice quantum eraser
Projective Transformations in GR
Do interaction-free measurements require a physical collapse or splitting in order to be truly interaction free?
The Lorentz Transformations in the Micro-World
Effects of a Coiled Cable
Mass of the particle and gravitational field
Effect of introducing magnetic charge on use of vector potential
Good book on the history of Quantum Mechanics?
Gauge redundancies and global symmetries
What is the capacitance of a superconductor?
Plausible explanations for 3 large space dimensions
Why did they add a Centripetal Force in the Free-Body Diagram?
Can photons and gluons be holes in an aether?
Puzzled by $\mathrm p = -i\hbar \nabla = m \dot{\mathrm r}$?
Do we really know which slit the photon passed through in Afshar's experiment?
Complex numbers in optics
Why are the quarks so named?
Why can't airplanes just keep going up?
J.J. Sakurai book on Q.Mech
ALL "forces" as manifestations of properties of space-time
Will perfect black hole apply force on matter?
Topics in particle cosmology
Converting angular velocity to linear velocity through friction
Using the area element in derivation of geodesic
Why is static friction omitted here? And comparison with this problem on Newton's second Law. Solutions are all provided
Can actual quantum effects occur on a macro scale?
Why does the overhand knot jam but the figure-8 knot doesn't?
If we know the universe is made up of a relativistic ether, why wouldn't gravity just be a pressure gradient of the ether?
Why was the universe in an extraordinarily low-entropy state right after the big bang?
the causality and the anti-particles
Do a 1-dimensional conformal theory exist?
Spin angular momentum of a system of particles : Is there any energy associated with it?
How do I join two co-axial cables?
How much effect does the mass of a bicycle tire have on acceleration?
absolute defintion of the right (i. e. not left) direction
Two problems with free body diagrams. Contradictions (solutions are provided)
What causes light to move through a vacuum
Question Based On Galileo's Law Of Falling Bodies
Colour of objects
Why quantum states are classified using only conserved quantities?
Energy loss rate for periodic movement
Polarisation directions in standing waves in cubical cavity
Physical interpretation of infinite total cross section
What is the difference between Ricci curvature tensor and the Laplacian
Locality in Quantum Mechanics
What happened to the work done by friction here?
What kind of interactions denote 'observation'?
Elasticity of Space; How does the expansion of Space affect gravity?
Black hole collision and the event horizon
Quantum Locking and gravity
Numerical simulation of mechanics problem
How do we know the geodesic is a minimum?
How can AC source with different voltage provide same power?
how many times have the first photons lapped the universe?
Why do the planets' orbital distances fall on an exponential curve?
What happens if we put together a proton and an antineutron?
Why doesn't an electron accelerate in a circuit?
Determine the tensor of contraint and deformation of a cube under compression
How can rising bubbles shrink and disappear?
What are local electrons in a crystal?
Need some basic help with notation and the Christoffel symbols
Do all planets rotate around the sun with the same acceleration?
How do we visualise antenna reception of individual radiowave photons building up to a resonant AC current on the antenna?
Why don't quantum effects invalidate the speed of light barrier?
How is the expansion of space itself explained in LQG?
Internal resistance V=IR circuit question
On Electromagnetic Self Energy
Newton's Second Law the real one. Is my theory correct?
Why does a balloon spiral in the air instead of moving in a straight line?
How does time dilation work without a privileged reference frame?
Could someone remind me what this means again? $\nabla U = \pm F$
Is this alternate theory of gravity as cause instead of effect plausible?
Can conservation of energy be applied if trajectory is not smooth?
Effect of coarse vacuum on consumer electronics?
Which direction does air flow?
If photons are deflected by a strong gravitational field, then how come photons do not have mass?
What will happen if we use a speed greater than light speed and find a body'motion and energy relative to it?
Reducing General Relativity to Special Relativity in limiting case
polyphase circuits
Simple applications of group theory which can be understood by a senior undergrad
Careers in physics that are related to quantum mechanics or relativity?
Finding time in ballistic problem
Power Generation from Axial and Transverse Emf
I think I disprove this with kinematics, but energy says it is right
Confused on Newton's second law being invariant under relativity
Physics simulation software to perform this very specific experiment
How to predict sea waves' length/height?
How could something have negative mass?
How to guess the content of a christmas present?
What would be pressure of 1 kg of photon gas at room temperature put in a volume of 1 liter?
Which physically acceptable quantum interpretations do not require the existence of any observer at all?
How to debunk 'The Electric Universe'?
hadron jets from quark-antiquark in colliders
Heat transfer speed - affected by difference in relative heat?
Confusion concerning the use of wavenumber in exercise about Fabry-Perot etalon
What's the difference between arc length and signed distance?
Why wouldn't this system of equations determine where two balls meet?
Simple Harmonic Motion. Why am I wrong? Why is my equation wrong more importantly?
Gauss's Law vs Newton's Law
Software to simulate and visualize atoms?
What do I need to do to find the stopping time of a decelerating car?
Is this a simple system in which no heat transfer is possible?
Why singularity in a black hole, and not just "very dense"?
What is wrong in this representation of relative reference systems?
What are some good international, English language physics grad programs?
What inspired Schrödinger to derive his equation?
How do I find the tension in additional strings in this problem?
How to calculate a firing location from point of impact data?
Nanorobots. What stops us from producing them yet?
Regularisation of infinite-dimensional determinants
How is it possible to measure expansion of universe
Why do physicists believe protons and electrons are present in equal numbers?
What frequency photons are involved in mediating physical force?
2$^\text{nd}$ law of thermodynamics: equivalence of statements
Why is cosmological acceleration expressed in terms of an energy density?
The Particle-Antiparticle Problem in Relation to Special Relativity
Conjugate Variables and Fourier Transforms in Classical Physics
What is the symmetry that corresponds to conservation of position?
Have characteristics of a 'doubly percolated' lattice been described
What are the advantages of the ILC over the LHC?
How much more energy does it take for a human body to heat 0C ice vs 0C water?
Limit of human eye flicker perception?
Is one way glass possible?
Is it humanly possible to change Earth's axis?
Is there really no meaning in potential energy and potential?
How can I determine the feasibility of Pd(d,f) fission chains?
Are energies non-transferable in the Born-Oppenheimer approximation, and when does it apply?
Does the potential energy of fluid rising on a string change?
How is causal patch complementarity compatible with behavior during inflation?
How much energy is in a lightning strike?
Why does the water rise?
Why is E6 favored over E8 for GUT building?
What is the physical reason a $+5V$ equipotential coutour cannot intersect a $-5V$ equipotential coutour?
What is "Quantum Levitation"?
Does the measured mass of earth include that of the atmosphere?
How do metallic objects interfere with X-Rays?
Did Newton discover gravity waves without realizing it?
Is it true that $\vec{E}\neq 0$ inside a 1- or 2-dimensional conductor?
Which symmetry is associated with conservation of flux?
Can a system entirely of photons be a Bose-Einsten condensate?
What is the information geometry of 1D Ising model for a complex magnetic field?
Renyi entropy in physical systems
Conservation of electric charge in Feynman diagram 
How to distinguish female and male voices via Fourier analysis?
Is it a total or an explicite time derivative in the Schrödinger equation?
What fundamental principles or theories are required by modern physics?
Why dynamic Casimir effect does not appear in static gravity field?
How does water carve rock?
What force is acting on the charge in the dielectric?
Can non-free forces change the rest mass?
Would a person not be able to distinguish left from right in outer space?
Relating milliampere-hours to watt-hours for batteries
Why do two ends of a long conducting wire have the same electric potential?
How far does physics influence russian roulette?
Understanding the relationship between electricity and magnetism
Is the axial gauge with a $\xi$ term useful in Yang-Mills theory?
A quantum particle in a box (with a catch)
Gears and efficiency/speed
Why, intuitively, must a solution in physics be unique?
Why can't echoes be heard inside a room?
How Relative Is Relativity With Respect To Visual Effects?
How to construct a 2D conformal field on a mirrored annulus with a looping pattern?
Two axes for rotational motion
What is the mass of a photon in non-empty spaces?
Tolerance of Natural Frequency & Resonance?
Horizontal Speed of Descending Parachute
Why can't energy be created or destroyed?
Certain material heating water in a recipient
reflection, refraction and diffraction occur in radio waves, which one occurs the most?
Is it possible to create a hologram using X-Rays?
Differentiation of the action functional
Physical meaning of the energy density of an electrostatic field
Photon spin projection to arbitrary axis
Why is it concluded that the cosmos is expanding when in fact the observations are for events further back in time?
Does a Lorentz-contracted object float or sink?
Why is spacetime near a quantum black hole approximately AdS?
From spectrum/dispersion relation to the partition function
Rolling resistance and static friction
Putting a spoon in boiling tea brings the froth down. Why?
Violation of conservation of energy and potential energy between objects
What does $\Psi^*$ mean in Schrodinger's formulation of Quantum Mechanics?
Will a boiled egg or a raw egg stop rolling first?
Conservation of Momentum/Energy collision Problem
What's the standard "roadmap" to learning quantum physics?
Distance a curveball travels?
Proof that Energy Momentum Tensor of Scalar Field Theory satisfies Weak Energy Condition
How does one determine whether an object will make an EM wave refract in a qualitative way? 
If microwave ovens and WiFi both operate on the same frequency, why doesn't WiFi cook things?
Why doesn’t gravity break down in a large black hole?
Calculating Fraunhofer diffraction patterns
how calculate resistance between two points for arbitrary resistor grid?
Energy momentum tensor from Noether's theorem
In the dual-slit experiment, can the time it takes for a photon to arrive reveal the path it took?
In a universe where the speed of light is infinite, are relativistic models and Newtonian models equivalent?
Dirac string on (periodic) compact space
Holomorphic Factorization in CFT$_2$
Groups acting on physics - a clarification on electrons and spin
What is the most efficient Organic Photovoltaic solar cell?
QM and Renormalization (layman)
Is there any literature that compares the candle-power to the candela?
Why can't General Relativity be written in terms of physical variables?
THT (Tetrahydrothiophene) absorption spectrum
Born-Oppenheimer Approximation equivalent to Tensor-product ?
Question concerning the Lindhard function
Why doesn't phase space contain acceleration/forces?
Physics related Podcasts
Have experiments ever suggested two different values to the same divergent series?
How to calculate pressure at altitude when there is 0 temperature lapse?
What is $p_T$? (transverse momentum?)
Can Black Holes be the Dark Matter?
Do all closed systems, only considering kinematic/mechanical principles, exhibit time reversal symmetry?
buiding circuits from color superconductors
What would an observer see if he/she flew toward a clock at relativistic speeds?
Why do chiral objects only come in pairs?
Magnetization of coin on a railway track
How to read a lens spot diagram?
What was missing in Dirac's argument to come up with the modern interpretation of the positron?
Would the north poles of two magnets repel each other if a weaker south pole was inserted between them?
Light pollution calculation using camera
Radial fall in a Newtonian gravitational field
Will Gauss's law still hold in case of deviation from inverse square law?
How fast will the projectile go the second time?
What is the force exerted on a body that doesn't move?
conformal anomaly of free scalar in 2D
Can heat be extracted and concentrated?
Can a black hole be explained by newtonian gravity?
If humans were able to catch all sun energy reaching the earth for their use, will the climate change?
Yet another question on the Lindhard function
Opposite of Cryogenics
Path integral formulation of quantum mechanics
What means: distortion <XX% in lens spec?
Wavelength-dependent refractive index
Is mass an observable in Quantum Mechanics?
Does interchangeable wavelength LED exist in NIR?
The Light Ray Bends Round!
Is it possible to break bulletproof glass with your voice?
what co-operates with a Super Symmetry Transform
How does lifting an object effect its entropy
Kinetic energy transfer in matter annihilation?
Implications of unbounded operators in quantum mechanics
Simple (but wrong) argument for the generality of positive beta-functions
Can the quartic oscillator Hamiltonian be made quadratic? 
Pohlmeyer reduction of string theory for flat- and AdS- spaces
Why mass, charge and spin are good labels for elementary particles?
Entropy of a mass arrangement around the earth
Will a photon emitted from something moving quickly have a shorter wavelength?
Time reversal symmetry and T^2 = -1
generation of arbitrary potentials
Does an interaction of entangled particles with each-other cause decoherence?
Derivation of Brillouin-Wigner theory for coupled subpaces
Can a big microwave used to dry clothes?
In Scully and Druhl delayed choice quantum eraser experiment, are there limits to the lengths of the delay?
Earth-Centered Inertial (ECI) reference frame as approximate inertial frame of reference
Do Maxwell’s Equations contain the Ideal Gas Law?
Is $f=ma$ an identity?
How is this classical "paradox" resolved in electromagnetism?
Could strings be geons?
Should you run when under rain?
How can indeterminacy in quantum mechanics be derived from lack of ability to observe a cause?
How long does it take to weigh an uncooperative mass?
Who discovered momentum?
Could gravity hold electron charge together?
Why are geons unstable? Are there other problems with geons?
How complete is our understanding of general-relativistic solutions for extremal black holes?
Kinetic energy absorbing in order to avoid damages?
Do we need a quantum theory of gravity in order to describe photons blueshifted past planck energy?
How much energy should I give into each particle in this equation:
QCD corrections in W boson production
Is there a Non-perturbative renormalization algorithm?
How can Kaluza-Klein particles be told apart from winding modes at the LHC?
To calculate pressure at point in a vertical water pipe of given diameter
Does mass affects accelleration of an object in a sloapy movement?
Would a light or a heavy ball roll fastest down a slope?
How thin a filter to filter particles out of salt water to make salt for human consumption?
Why (infra-)red light is not used in diagnostics?
What is a gauge transformation of the metric in GR?
How did Enrico Fermi calculate the classical Fermi Problem?
Black hole related questions
Does electron go through a forbidden state when annihilate with positron?
How much energy does lowering an object into a black hole generate?
Hydrostatic equilibrium of a star derivation
Do Galactic Black Holes and Extra-Solar Planets change the mass balance of the universe?
How to prove that a motion is Simple Harmonic Motion (SHM)?
Simple question about a gas in a box with a moving wall
How to "read" the temperature of an abstract system?
Is there a known optical design for a beam compressor?
Why is Mendel Sachs's work not taken seriously? Or is it?
Gauge invariant Chern-Simons Lagrangian
How does radio receives signal from particular station?
Given two boiling temperatures and pressures, how can I find the latent heat?
Electron Fermi gas
How to calculate time evolution of a wave function in an 1D infinite square well potential?
Gauge invariance and Bohm-Aharonov effect
Why is a gaussian fixed point called gaussian?
How does repeater amplify the radio signals?
Question about the perturbative renormalization group
How much electric charge do electromagnetic waves carry?
What narrow-linewidth laser system runs at 2100nm with 1W of power?
Entering a black hole, jumping into another universe---with questions
Do perturbative renormalization groups help one understand when perturbation theory can be used in general?
Why do electromagnetic waves become weaker with distance?
Can cellular automata be reconcilied with quantum mechanics?
Double-slit experiment simulated with water waves?
How does a receiving antenna get an induced electric current?
Does a moving escalator make it easier to walk up the steps?
Solutions to SHMO equation in Feynman's Thesis
What are the limitations of the FLRW metric?
Smoothness constraint of wave function
Does a perfect mirror behave the same as a blackbody radiator?
Why don't electromagnetic waves require a medium?
Can different species of particles annihilate with other species
Modification of de Donder gauge
Clouds in closed hydrosphere
A dimensional regularization identity
How many colors exist?
How does placing objects in liquids affect the mass?
Problem based on Rotational Motion
What makes up a resonator of radio?
Working of a crystal radio
relativity and aberration of light
The Double Integrator: Matching velocity and position as quickly as possible with only a limited amount of force available
how to represent the effect of linking rigid-bodies together?
Is the Earth air-tight, and does that make plastic bags redundant?
What is a dynamical variable
At the molecular level, how is the pressure at the bottom of a lake higher than at the top?
Signal-to-noise ratio of the difference between two signals
What made the keys in my pocket so hot?
What happens to a photon in a black hole?
Is there a 1-1 correspondence between symmetry and group theory?
How long would it take to travel through a wormhole?
Freefall in/out of an enclosed environment
Some questions regarding $n+m$-dimensional spacetime
Steady State Temperature of an Object Orbiting the Earth
What is the connection between Poisson brackets and commutators?
Electrical flow in a simple parallel circuit
Work done by spring over distance
Quantum field theory variants
What software programs are used to draw Mechanics, Electricity & Magnetism, Waves, Thermodynamics, Optics & Modern Physics diagrams?
Where does the photon's energy come from in X-ray bremsstrahlung?
Hilbert space and Lie algebra in quantum mechanics
Feynman rule 4-point vertex WW -> ZZ
How does Newton's 2nd law correspond to GR in the weak field limit?
What is an isoscalar factor?
Origins of the principle of least time in classical mechanics
Has the concept of non-integer $(n+m)$-dimensional spacetime ever been investigated by theoretical physicists?
Inverting Generalized Coordinates
Symbolic tool for doing 2nd quantization operator calculations
Simple conservation of momentum
Calculating gravity when taking into account the change of gravitational force
What are conditions for the existence of a critical value (for a phase transition)?
What is the meaning of speed of light $c$ in $E=mc^2$?
Torque Required For a Motor to Move an Object on Wheels?
How can there be a path to ground with thick shoes and a carpet?
How do electrical devices suck electricity?
To what extent `should` raw `data` from `publicly funded` research be made `available for download` `?`
How can I turn a pinewood derby project into a physics lesson?
What's the interpretation of Feynman's picture proof of Noether's Theorem?
Axiomatic statistical mechanics
What specifically are the measurements that correspond to fixing the infinite number of counterterms in quantum gravity?
Should linear algebra and vector calculus from traditional courses be replaced with `geometric algebra`?
Feynman Diagram for Bragg Equation
Earth's stationary iron core
Occam's razor on spin statistics theorem?
Can Planck's constant be derived from Maxwell's equations?
Conceptual puzzles when using Coulomb's potential in solving the hydrogen atom in non relativistic QM
Basic question about law of gravitation
light travels a maximum speed... /?
Rotating fluid under gravity, fluid dynamics question
Where to find cross section data for e- + p -> p + e-?
Temperature change effected by electric heater
Can one submit/publish a paper between postdocs?
Can gravity be shielded, like electromagnetism?
Can a solar thermal collector designed for use in homes ever power a stirling engine designed for use in homes?
Einstein Relative Motion and Time Order of Events
frames of reference
Generalisation of Reversible Equation to Non-Reversible Situations Because it Only Contains 'Properties of the System'
Effects of parallel superconducting plates
Maxwell's Demon bug, trapdoor space and time
Nanotech - zero dimensional fullerene
Global warming and planetary thermodynamics
Using AC or DC to create an electromagnet
Why does air contain $Ar$ specifically?
Cooking pasta: why does adding a lid lead to overflow?
Can energy be extracted from clouds?
Infinite quantum well width $L$ to $2L$ adiabatic process
For someone who only studied electromagnetism, what is the modern way to explain electromagnetic fields?
How to choose the right units to compute the phase space volume in classical statistical mechanics?
Time dilation as an observer in special relativity
Coupling Coefficients in SO(4)
Sources to learn about Greens functions
What tests can I do at home to identify any metal?
Why are bubbles formed in the empty space of soda when turned upside down?
Expressing a particle's matter wave in terms of its momentum
Rope wrapped around a cylinder
The Sun Can Make Stuff Hotter Than Itself
When do I know if energy stored in an object is 0 or nonzero? (Heat transfer)
When a gas expands against an external pressure of 0, must the stopper on the cylinder be massless?
How can we represent the motion of a particle in 2D space using Lagrange's equations?
Vacuum Wavefunctional
Does the scientific community consider the Loschmidt paradox resolved? If so what is the resolution?
Close electric field lines in wave guides
what causes virtual particle pair production to not occur in the space occupied by matter?
Is the curvature of space around mass independent of gravity?
How are particle simplices associated into complex particles?
What is the relationship between the speed of light and virtual particle production
Frame dragging around a black hole
Dimensional analysis, fermions masses, and universal constants
Relation between wavenumber and propagation constant
Definition of Fluctuations and Perturbations
Why don't electrons crash into the nuclei they "orbit"?
why is there no ninth gluon?
Heat Flux and Spatial Temperature Gradients
Is there a universal rest frame of reference?
How does heat transfer between two atoms in solid material?
How Is It Possible To Measure Extreme Temperatures? (>2 Billion Kelvin)
Lifetime of battery
What practical issues remain for the adoption of Thorium reactors?
How to interpret the appearance of time units in the units of a physical quantity?
projective camera: back-projecting a point on the image plane into 3-space
How to find the electric field at a point based on a uniformly charged surface
Is the stability of the nucleus due to pions or gluons?
What is the inertial frame that explains the Foucault Pendulum?
Conformal transformation equation
Can the charge of particles spontaneously flip from positive to negative or vice versa?
Does the stress-energy tensor contain the equations of motion?
Superluminal expansion of the early universe how is this possible?
Relativity and Entanglement
A terminological question about work and energy
Energy formula for separating $O_2$ from mixture of $O_2$, $NH_3$ and $H_2O$
Reflectance of Round Moon vs Flat Moon
What does it mean for objects to follow the curvature of space?
Do Maxwell's Equations overdetermine the electric and magnetic fields?
What is the name of the molecule HCCO?
Simulating Gravity in 3D Game?
Why in professional spectroscopes diffraction gratings are used instead of prisms?
Riddle about speed
How much energy from extreme coldness?
Nonabelian gauge theories and range of the corresponding force
How it's possible to enhance the depth effect of 3d pictures without increasing the cameras distance?
Learning physics conceptually for a layman
How does physics scattering experiments relate to real life? And what does the scientist gain from such experiments?
How Does Dark Matter Form Lumps?
Can we use only the observables of Fermion fields?
A different type of Gaussian Grassmann Integral
Electric field due to nonconducting plastic sheets
Trinary System Arrangment?
Purple doesn't occur in rainbow - or does it?
why is it hard to push the empty upside down mug inside the water
What is the mass of individual components in a gravitationally bound system?
Why are refrigerators 4 degrees and freezers -18 degrees?
Does a charging capacitor emit an electromagnetic wave?
Where does the energy come from when a current heats a wire (resistor)?
What would be the optimal weight of a ball if I want to throw it as far as possibile?
What is the process called that produces characteristic X-rays?
Find the Unit Vector of a Three Dimensional Vector
What un-ionizes an electron after the photo-electric effect?
How to perform a scale (invariance) transformation?
About constructing potential energy functions
Physics book for 15 year old boy
Why does electron-positron annihilation prefer to emit photons?
How to calculate the electric field at a point in space
What is the shear stress of a fluid?
How to describe the inner curve of a crescent?
Why do control moment gyroscopes exhibit "torque amplification"?
How can constants... change?
How can I measure the conductivity of a copper rod?
Why does maximal entropy imply equilibrium?
How fast do electrons travel in an atomic orbital?
Is there a valid Lagrangian formulation for all classical systems?
Is there a readily available (or at least not theoretical) material that reflects only infrared light?
Can a photon see ghosts?
One dimensional Schrödinger equation equation with initial condition, finding the probability of the particle's future position
Does it make sense to have a theory of thermodynamics about coldness?
How are the Pauli matrices for the electron spin derived?
Can the expansion space time reverse itself and contract the same way?
Expansion of Helmholtz energy
How to calculate the coefficient of restitution for 2 bodies?
Finding The Resultant Vector
How to concile flat spacetime and big bang?
What is the difference between a Rodin coil and a Rodin starship?
How do bikes stay upright?
Are black hole event horizons filled with black holes?
Problem based on Rotational Motion #2
Calculation of the maximum load to the bar
Advantage of doing research in theoretical high energy over other fields?
Deriving an Expression for Entropy
Electron shell bombardment
Surface tension of N non-mixing fluids
How to calculate the force acting on a magnet placed in a magnetic field?
What makes some laser beams visible and other laser beams invisible?
Quantum information references
Why can't electromagnetic radiation from magnets be used for apparent perpetual motion?
Strong Decay and Parity Conservation?
Are there controversies surrounding the principle of general covariance in GR?
Would a thinner atmosphere (such as high altitude) yield better solar panel energy generation?
How does one pronounce this particle's name?
Please recommend a physics problems book similar to Demidovich
What if the strong force gave up?
Equation $H(q,p)=E$ is the equation of motion or energy-conservation law?
Do photons have acceleration?
Is there a connection between the fluctuation-dissipation theorem and the Green–Kubo relations?
How do I show that there exists variational/action principle for a given classical system?
CSI Miami and other TV series on application of physics and science in life and career opportunities
Negative chemical potential
Why did my windshield freeze instantaneously?
Joining the definitions of entropy
Free boundary conditions
change of resistance in semiconductors due to temperature change
Complex Potentials, Potentials and Fields
What happens if I crush a neodymium magnet into powder?
Can dark matter and energy be formulated as local perturbations of the metric
What is the physical definition of causality?
How is Planck's law defined?
Why do cameras have double lenses?
Understanding the diagrams of electromagnetic waves
Interesting topics to research in mathematical physics for undergraduates
Speed of a fly inside a car
Costa Concordia shipwreck: why can't they right the ship with pingpong balls?
Can an ungrounded conductive cavity provide electrostatic shielding?
When to use Heat Diffusivity eqn and when to use Fourier's law to find temperature distribution?
Wave function of hydrogen atom including spin of nucleus
What did Hawking mean? 'Time started at the big bang'. Book suggestions please
Synchronising the Earth's rotation via mass redistribution
Calculating lagrangian density from first principle
Is there symmetry in 2D stress tensor in linear elastic fracture mechanics?
Statistical interpretation of Entropy
What is a strain gauge and how do I use one?
Does the Banach-Tarski paradox contradict our understanding of nature?
Why do we need 12 atoms to store 1 bit of data?
Statics software for structural engineering
Is there any idea why the electric charges of electron and muon are equal?
Incompatibility Between Relativity and Quantum Mechanics
Peaks on top of Bremsstrahlung
Physics of the Internet?
Was the universe a black hole at the beginning?
Energy required to reach 1 wavelength
What are the practical applications of decoherence?
Is a world with constant/decreasing entropy theoretically impossible?
Superconductors on each side of a flexible membrane what happens?
Pair correlation function for a inhomogeneous Laughlin droplet
Are objects in a gravitational well shortened?
Potential energy in a gravitational field
What is known about quantum electrodynamics at finite times?
A simple question about the stationary wave and fundamental frequency
Force on pneumatic cylinder
Does being suspended in air allow you to not be affected by Earth's rotation?
Bra-ket notation and linear operators
Gauss' law - changes in the magnitude of E field inside the closed surface
Are matrices and second rank tensors the same thing?
Static plane in an inertial frame of reference
Energy in an EM wave should depend on frequency
Finding coefficients of volumetric expandtion from a know coefficient of linear expandtion
Orientation of Magnetic Dipoles
How are magnetic fields transmitted?
Gauge pressure vs. absolute pressure?
Testing conservation laws experimentally
Lightning Power?
Difficulty in visualizing more than three spatial dimension
Can the Lorentz force expression be derived from Maxwell's equations?
Solutions of damped oscillator differential equation
Should I heat my room when I'm not here, energy-efficiently speaking?
What is the velocity area method for estimating the flow of water?
Vibrational motion of linear diatomic molecule
Physically what happens during Avalanche breakdown to the pn junction?
Angular velocity $\omega$ by $v$
What are the theoretical explanations behind the "no-boundary condition" in cosmology?
Is time fundamentally different from space?
Energy behind door knocking?
Quantum harmonic oscillator
What happens to angular momentum when matter is converted to energy?
Pushing, inertia of a cart system
Einstein's Famous Thought Experiment Contradiction
Symmetries of separable potential
Why is $c$ considered as the speed of the photons?
How does instant charging of one plate affect the potential of the other plate of a floating capacitor?
What is the Hilbert space of a single electron?
Sunspots formula
Potential of a spherical conductor next to a point charge
Nonablianity of Wilczek Zee Potential
As ISA Practical - Resistors in Parallel
Could a Dyson sphere destroy a star?
How is gradient the maximum rate of change of a function?
Is there zero energy cost to generate a gravity field?
Working with atomic (?) units in solid state physics
Why is the value of spin +/- 1/2?
Thermodynamics of supercooled water
Terminology question about energy
Is there an optimum length for a swing for a childs mass?
Magnetic Susceptibility- Permeability
Causes of surface tension between two fluids
Time travel to future
Will a warm body naturally slowdown?
Divergence of $\frac{\hat{r}}{r^2}$
Consistently oscillating micron sized particles in a liquid
Question Concerning Position Of A Particle At Any Given Time
Why is introductory physics not taught in a more "axiomatic" way?
Collision frequency at surfaces
How to compute drag coefficient given initial position, initial velocity and final resting position?
What causes destruction in car crash?
Is photon emission possible without electrons changing energy levels?
How could this damped oscillator ever go to infinity? Or negative infinity for that matter?
What does a closed time-like curve look like?
How much energy was consumed when we turn on/off light?
What forms are theoretically predicted for orbitals or quarks in hadrons and of hadrons in tritium?
$SU(2)$ Yang-Mills EOM
Is the long range neutron-antineutron interaction repulsive or attractive?
How equivalent are heat energy and work energy in connection with a spinning flywheel?
Books on Hilbert space and phase space?
Does a straight water hose issue water at a greater pressure than a Coiled water hose of same diameter and length?
About the decay of Higgs into 2 Z bosons
Energy per particle vs. chemical potential vs. evaporation energy
Easy to understand equivalents for energy (kilowatt-hour)
Can x-ray radiation be compared to background radiation?
How can a human eye focus on a screen directly in front of it?
x-ray interaction with atmosphere
How does compression of carbon atoms work?
What does Peter Parkers formula represent?
What happens to information when black holes merge?
Differences In Potential Equations
Fields versus Photons
Superposition of Ricci scalars
Is the magnetic field a feature of our universe, or is it a consequence of the electric field?
Statistical Mechanics treatment of the reaction process?
Why does iteratively solving the Hartree-Fock equations result in convergence?
What is the most efficient way to use hand dryer?
Why can't we think of free fall as upside down rocket?
Can a photon be emitted with a wavelength > 299,792,458 meters, and would this violate c?
Laplace operator's interpretation
The quantum state can be interpreted statistically, again
Why is it necessary for an object to have a bigger size than the wavelength of light in order for us to see it?
Countersteering a motorcycle
How should a heat current be defined for two component system with unequal numbers
The maths/physics in "The Amazing Spider Man"
Should $E$ and $B$ change with Gravity?
Stability of neutron
Why electrons are relativistic in Graphene and non relativistic in vacuum?
Examples of immiscible or wall-climbing liquids
Results for the path integral formalism for a system with known start and end configuration?
Electrodynamics textbooks that emphasize applications
Compatible Observables
half Skyrmion vs Meron
Repulsion of the pieces of a  broken magnet
Force and Laws of Motion
How to find maximum velocity
Matlab package: graphical calculus for quantum operations including beam splitters and polarizing beam splitters
quantum optics of a polarizing beam splitter
Are there any clear and expressive plainword sense of metric tensor components?
How to calculate the Gibbs free energy out of a given Entropy?
What's worse, a full frontal impact or an impact at an offset?
Calculating the force of a mass bearing down on an object
Electric field at a point inside a capacitor
Which limit for Matsubara frequency summation?
Differentiating Propagator, Green's function, Correlation function, etc
How does holographic radar work?
Acceleration: Value Disparity?
Why is Gleason's Theorem not enough to obtain Born Rule in Many Worlds Interpretation?
Abstract, generic derivations of energy
Laws of Motion: Acceleration to be applied on a free falling object to reduce velocity to 0
Scaling with the Ising Model
How would a black hole power plant work?
Matter waves and de Broglie wave length
If a measured value is oscillating so fast between two numbers, what does the detector read? 
What formulations of QM are there?
What is the physical meaning of a "complete" Hilbert space in QM?
Does path integral and loop integral in a Feynman diagram violate special relativity?
Clarification needed in the concept of apparent depth & real depth
Is there a physics Puzzles site like Project Euler?
Are all classically impossible quantum possibilities entangled?
Question on 1st order Lagrangian Derivation in Faddeev-Jackiw Formalism
Given charge distribution find electric field 
What does third law of thermodynamics tell us?
Why does the moon appear bigger close to the horizon, rising or setting?
Occurrence of turbulence in fluid dynamics from the equations of motion?
Altering Venus rotational speed to match Earth's via weather manipulation
Show that the energy levels of a particle in a specific potential are $E_n=(n+\frac{1}{2})h\omega-\frac{1}{2}\frac{F^2}{m\omega^2}$
What happens when two strings collide?
Discreteness of Spacetime and Violation of Lorentz symmetry
Does EM radiation (any, i.e. RF), or sound, radiate everywhere at once?
Blandford-Znajek process: Why/how does the current flow along the magnetic field lines
ICBM: throw weight and boost phase duration
Wave equation from hooke law - simple question
Does the existence of dualities imply a more fundamental structure?
How to write classical dynamics of solids in tensor form (relation of stiffness and viscosity tensor)?
Anomalous magnetic moment of electron
Why does aircraft tail not project down from the fuselage?
Could LEP II have discovered a 125GeV Higgs?
How is the apparent significance of (length) scales in physics explained?
Solving Schrödinger's equation for a specific potential
Potential at a point
Atmospheric pressure inside a rigid vessel
Canonical transformations and conservation of energy
What's a pseudo-rotation?
storing energy (as mass)
Why does hair stand up when standing under power lines?
Why is it wrong when I try to use Newton's Law?
If an anti-matter singularity and a normal matter singularity, of equal masses, collided would we (outside the event horizon) see an explosion?
What does activation energy actually do?
How is capacitance defined for three concentric spheres?
Why is the optimum wheel size of a bicycle about the same as that of a car?
Relativistic centripetal force
How do I find average temperature given a temperature distribution?
What are Low-lying energy levels?
Why can't we ascribe a (possibly velocity dependent) potential to a dissipative force?
Finding the contact force in a mechanical problem
Electromagnetic wave reflection vs. light reflection
The equipartition theorem in momentum space
Negative energies and a partition function
Is a superconductor really a super conductor?
What is the relationship between Schrödinger equation and Boltzmann equation?
How to decide whether one can use perturbation theory in QM?
Degree of freedom paradox for a rigid body
Why do we use only nonrelativistic equations in nuclear physics?
Do particles and anti-particles attract each other?
How isolated must a system be for it's wave function to be considered not collapsed?
Dyson fans in ceiling?
How to determine directions of vectors of an electromagnetic wave
How can I estimate the power between the guide and the sky diver?
How to calculate ground state wave function?
What's the efficency of a steam jet pump?
Foliation of hypersurfaces in General Relativity
Good resources for learning/reviewing complex time propagator formalism
Is the mass to energy physical process an exact mirror of the energy to mass process?
Velocity in a viscous fluid
SUSY's Critical role in String Theory
When do thermal and chemical equilibrium not coincide?
Similar masses and lifetimes of the $\Delta$ baryons
Discharge of a propeller in a yield-stress liquid
Entanglement and the double slit experiment
Conservation of Energy and the Poynting Theorem
Finding distance when the force is a function of time
17 Joules of Energy From a Mouse Trap
Accuracy of various optical instruments
Young's double-slit experiment with detectors
Calculating Kramers-Kronig using Mathematica
How to initiate fusion explosion without a fission trigger
Second law of Thermodynamics: Why is it only "almost" always true that entropy is non-decreasing?
Electrical machines: electrical and mechanical properties of steels and cast iron
How does a speaker produce sound?
Some questions on observables in QM
resonance frequency
Identifying hue, brightness and chroma of color and reaction time
Why tea dust in a cup of tea seems to concentrate in the bottom center?
M1 vs M2 on a frictionless surface
Image charges, laplace equation and uniqueness theorem
Why does string theory (in case it is true ) have NO divergencies?
Why are continuum fluid mechanics accurate when constituents are discrete objects of finite size?
Looking for the name of a particular device
Thought experiment about acceleration
Work and Area under a Curve relating to Hooke's Law
Riemann Tensor Calculation trick(number of element)
Rough diffusion rate of sugar water through a larger volume of water
Does inducing a current in a wire have any effect on the strength of a permanent magnet?
Is the $mL_c$ value for triangular and rectangular fins the same value?
Role of pure mathematics in fusion?
Visualizing Ricci Tensor
Why does a window become a mirror at night?
Angular frequency. Wrong interpretation at Wikipedia?
Connection between momentum and energy
What is meant by the rest energy of non-composite particle?
What is the definition of precession (in the context of Spinors)?
Can a complex lens be represented by wavefront aberrations?
How do swimfins work?
Increase of threshold current by temperature in a laser diode
Did really everything begin with a state with very low entropy?
Contraction of indices
Proposed Closing of Alcator C-Mod Fusion Tokamak
Good quantum physics textbooks
What is the Correlation Between Solar Wind Velocity/Density and Sunspot Count?
How does non-Abelian gauge symmetry imply the quantization of the corresponding charges?
kinetic energy in collisions
Reynolds number with hyper-viscosity
Calculating Impact Velocity Given Displacement and Acceleration
What's the difference between "boundary value problems" and "initial value problems"?
Are there known turbulent nonlinear equations where the cascade is a thermal gradient?
If I move a long solid stick can I send message fastest than light?
How to find the orbit of a moving point object given 3 past passing positions?
Do mass and the Pauli exclusion principle conspire to make light fermions take up more space?
Light Rays that are Perfectly Parallel
Shielding magnetic field without mu-metal
Can we solve the particle in an infinite well in QM using creation and annihilation operators?
Why are umbrellas black?
The energy of electric interaction between these dipoles?
Help me find electric field strength vector for this given equipotential line
The time for which rear moving block remain in contact with spring in the following situation?
Confused with stress, strain and linear thermal expansion
Will timbre/quality be different if two different people play the same guitar?
When the electric field in an electrostatic charged conductor is zero, is the potential within also zero?
What's the meaning of the coupling change after a renormalization (in the 1-dim Ising Model)?
Asynchronous generator run in vacuum chamber
How the pipes of water don't freeze in -40 celsius?
Do particles have different spins in different frames of reference?
Showing constraint is nonholonomic
How can I calculate the amount of bubbles needed to lift a submerged body?
Finding phase angle of simple harmonic motion
Would a metal enclosure (such as a shipping container) protect its contents from the effects an electromagnetic pulse?
Speed of a dynamic hydraulic system
How to apply an algebraic operator expression to a ket found in Dirac's QM book?
How does the Dyson air multiplier fan create negative pressure?
When are Maximum Velocity and Acceleration acheived in Simple Harmonic Motion?
momentum conservation question involving a rocket and a spaceship
How to test whether galaxies are moving away from each other in a static background or whether space is being created beween them?
When is the principle of virtual work valid?
How does Bloch's theorem generalize to a finite sized crystal?
Will relative velocity with respect to electrons effect current in wire and magnetic field produced by wire?
What is it called when a fluid will "jump" to grab onto an object that comes very close?
What's the temperature distribution of a plane wall insulated on one side with no internal heat gen.?
Force from point charge on perfect dipole
How do we know that nonperturbative canonical quantum gravity is wrong?
Wavelength of photon changes as it rises from a planet's surface(acc. to this equation)?
Is the form of the Lagrangian relevant before the renormalization procedure?
Cerenkov light - a practical calculation
How do home-made capacitator bottles affect a tesla coil?
Mechanism by which electric and magnetic fields interrelate
Doubt about acceleration of mass on spring
Keeping air in a well
static friction problem without mass
What conditions must be met for a ball to roll perfectly down an incline without slipping?
How do we see different colours?
Lower state of energy for 'connected' molecules
Wick rotation and spinors
Intensity distribution of a LED light source
What is the electric field part of an EM wave? Radiation field or the induction field?
Some questions about car radio and cellphone antennas
Attempts to explain Higgs coupling as a gauge transformation symmetry
How to solve Schrodinger Equation - Tunnelling
Trying to understand Laplace's equation
Why are overtones forbidden within the harmonic approximation?
Discrete point particles stress energy tensor
Stokes' theorem in GR
finding resistance from percolation theory with only energy disorder
How was Be-8's Half-Life of 7E-17 Second Determined?
Amount of material required for a pressure tank
Where is a good place to learn (classical) optics?
Time Varying Potential, series solution
Calculate fluid pressure loss due to hole leakage
Long-Life High Altitude Balloon
Keeping air in a giant gravitationally-bound space balloon
What longest time ever was achieved at holding light in a closed volume?
$WW\to t\bar{t}$ growth
What will be the unit of mass in $E=mc^2$ when energy units change?
Statistics software for basic undergrad lab
How can anything ever fall into a black hole as seen from an outside observer?
Polarization rotation: Jones Matrix that maps Horizontal to right circular
Can surface dipoles/charges change the work function of a metal?
What determines color -- wavelength or frequency?
Air velocity in a double-skin facade
How to compute the intensity of a polarized wave going through a polaroid?
Equipartition theorem for flowing gas
Van Hove singularity at saddle point
Neutrino Oscillations and Conservation of Momentum
Why no basis vector in Newtonian gravitational vector field?
Quantum physics before the observer and relic interferences
Cosmic radiation cutoff at LOW energies?
Should we forget fusion and focus on geothermal power?
Which is more efficient, heating water in microwave or electric stove?
Proton flux model or data at energy range up to 100 keV
Reduction of a sum to the first Brillouin zone in a band structure calculation
What is the origin of the naming convention for position functions?
Does sending data down a fiber optic cable take longer if the cable is bent?
Experimental proof of gravitational redshift of light
How can I figure out how many kWh's are in a battery using the mAh's and voltage.
Is physics exclusively the study of motion?
Current in a simple circuit
In the Niagara Falls, which factors prevent rise of T H2O falling a certain height?
Strict general mathematical definition of drag
How much of the energy from 1 megaton H Bomb explosion could we capture to do useful work?
What barriers exist to prevent us from turning a baryon into a anti-baryon?
Uncertainty Principle for a Totally Localized Particle
Eliminating IR light reflection perceived by a steep viewing angle
Can you use a wormhole to travel through space not time?
How to calculate the charge and the potential across a charged capacitor charging an uncharged capacitor?
Is radiation pressure constant in this experiment, and does force of a spring change? 
Quantum Stat-Mech Proof of an Inequality for the Partition Function
The force of a phase transition
What meaning do changes in the absolute value of Gibbs free energy have in a simple expansion process?
What is "charge discreteness"?
Curved lines in a picture (Photography)
How specifically do emulsifiers work?
How to find speed from Newton's law?
In what situations do I use the characteristic length of a fin to find the surface area?
What equation predicts at what point a stretched object comes apart?
In SUSY why does electroweak symmetry breaking only happen in the SM sector?
How are fundamental forces transmitted?
Tubelights+power lines pictures?
Properties to select suitable materials for making permanent magnets
Why are conformal transformations so prevalent in physics?
Frequency of nomad planets passing within 30 AU of the sun
Could we prove that neutrinos have mass by measuring their gravitational signature?
At what point can we assume the tip of a fin is adiabatic?
Russian Doll Teller Ulam?
Why was PACER abandoned?
The speed of tachyons
Dielectric in Parallel Plate Capacitor
Train crash: are these situations alike?
What is electric/magnetic field in a medium?
Could a real-life X-Wing fly in Earth's atmosphere?
Find largest angle
Turn-on delay time for Laser diode
How should I draw this free-body diagram?
How are functional determinants of Laplace-type operators used in physics?
Potential energy conservation in traversable wormholes
Equivalence principle and radiation from falling particle
Raising a toolbox with a rope
Square of Laplace–Runge–Lenz vector in Hydrogen atom
Compressibility factor
Why do far away objects appear to move slowly in comparison to nearby objects?
what is a kink-kink-meson vertex?
How to define the required aspherical coefficients for a lens?
How long will my fridge magnet stay attached to my fridge?
How does one interpret the Dirac equation with a self-field potential?
Example in the book: A simple accelerometer
What happens when a supersonic airplane flies through a cloud?
In-flight damage to a supersonic jet
How does the Milkovic Two-Stage Mechanical Oscillator Pendulum-Lever System work?
Calculating spacecraft water leak flow rate
Bra space and adjoint vectors
Correlation Functions, Symmetries and Measurements
Oil drop experiment--How was the result so accurate?
Are all metals good conductor of electricity?
What's the importance of Noether's theorem in Physics
Quantum perpetual motion
Good theoretical physics introduction for 6 year old very advanced in math?
Why is oxygen in a triplet state and what are the consequences?
Question involving Vectors and Forces
Formula for potential for 2 coaxial tubes
What is the mathematics behind artificially generated plasmas via electric fields?
Is the electron wave function defined during photon emission
In what position can a current-carrying loop of wire be located in a magnetic field so that it doesn't tend to rotate?
The Asymmetry between Real and Imaginary in the three Pauli Spin Matrices
Is there more energy in the collapse of a cavitation bubble than the energy required to create the bubble in the first place?
Have red shifted photons lost energy and where did it go?
In a Sterling Engine, does heat from the hot side transfer to the cold side?
Assumptions in Bell's Theorem
Can an Electromagnetic Gauge Transformation be Imaginary?
Origin of field deduced from potential
Sign of Velocity for a Falling Object
Whether $m$ in $E=mc^{2}$ and $F=ma$ are both relativistic mass?
Magnetic field in a cavity
What should be the equation satisfied by The Momentum commutators in a curved background?
How fast can toy helicopters change the turning direction of their propellers?
What are the lines visible between two cards held edge-to-edge?
Angular momentum coupling-calculation of Clebsch–Gordan coefficients
Thought experiment with entangled electrons
How does smoke move in the air and how can I direct it so it will go to a place I want it to go?
Can we determine the force an object exerts by its mass and acceleration?
Two objects exert forces on each other, will the reactions affect them?
Can you safely draw sparks from the nose of an electrified boy?
How to find the value of the parameter $a$ in this transfer function?
Question about interaction between three objects
Newton's corpuscular theory
Can unbound electrons jump energy levels?
Are electrons in different energy levels considered identical?
On what basis do we trust Conservation of Energy?
How can I subtract Spectra?
Energy Measurements in a Two Fermion Double Well System
Maxwell in multiple dimensions: What happens to curl?
What is a boundary condition for capacitors/dielectrics?
Are information conservation and energy conservation related?
Weinberg's way of deriving Lie algebra related to a Lie group
Correlation/relationship between human magnetic field and body temperature
I want to recreate a phenomenon I've noticed from our water tank
Approximate Time Dilation at Rocket Speeds
Lorentz force law in Newtonian relativity
Effect of surface treatment on fair dice
Electric field Fourier decomposition
Expected Energy Production From High Efficiency Solar Cells
Do the trigonometric functions preserve units?
Deriving Birkhoff's Theorem
How does such strange microscopic behavior at the atomic level (quantum mechanics) lead to the macroscopic behavior at our level?
Springs yet again, this time with a picture. Infinite displacement, makes no sense
Repulsive gravity
What is the proof that the universal constants ($G$, $\hbar$, $\ldots$) are really constant in time and space?
Why does electrical current start to flow?
Charge of a field under the action of a group
A quanta of time
Is there orbital angular momentum for all particles?
How to derive a multi-reflection echo from a given single-reflection "trace"
Why do electron and proton have the same but opposite electric charge?
Irreducible representation in physics
Ping pong ball levitation control system question, modeling as a damper?
Noise amplitude increases as sample rate increase
Is a macroscopic pair where I observe one of them quantum entanglement?
What is the relation between extra dimensions and unification of theories?
What is the reason behind specific values for charge of electrons, protons?
Explanation about black color, and hence color
Convective and Diffusive terms in Navier Stokes Equations
Electrons - What is Waving?
Normal distribution of x, xdot
Which areas of physics are most demanding of good intuition or physical insight?
Simple home pressure experiment: how to understand the dependence on the glass opening?
How does a stronger magnet affect the MRI image quality?
Entropy change in a cycle with two isochoric and two adiabatic processes
Identification of the state of particle types with representations of Poincare group
Is sea water more conductive than pure water because "electrical current is transported by the ions in solution"?
"Dear radioactive ladies and gentlemen" - Letter by Wolfgang Pauli
The Dual Cloud Chamber Paradox
Energy versus free-energy diagram
A missing factor of 2 in the standard Hartree-Fock mean field?
Addition of a neutral electrolyte to water-- how can it increase conductivity?
Does a charged particle accelerating in a gravitational field radiate?
Why does separating plastic from a cough drop create flashes?
Infinite Atwood's machine
Why water inside a vessel placed in a body of boiling water does not boil?
How to explain relativistic mass with 2 moving systems, but not 3?
Simplifying some math for an ant-on-rubber-band problem
New theories and publications
Please recommend a good book about physics for young child (elementary school aged)
Prove that negative absolute temperatures are actually hotter than positive absolute temperatures
Why does hot oil explode when pouring water on it?
Why not use the Lagrangian, instead of the Hamiltonian, in nonrelativistic QM?
Quantum Cryptography
Does the Moon's orbital inclination follow the wobble in the Earth's rotation?
What are the frameworks of physics?
Moment of inertia of a sector about its center point?
Derivation of angular momentum commutator relations
General integral to find resistance
Decomposition of SU(N) adjoint representation under SU(2)
Gravitation in a space that is topologically toroidal
I think there is a mistake in solutions to this problem. plus and minus sign
Questions about compressing a liquid in a piston
Why are scattering matrices unitary?
What is a "measure equation" as mentioned by this TeX Users Group guide?
How was this pressure pulse propagation speed be derived?
Still trying to understand gravitational potential and Poisson's equation?
Electric Flux Density - Ring Charge
Why is the unit of hydraulic impedance/resistance kilogram per second and hypermeter?
Why do steam bubbles increase in size as they rise?
Pushing with a lorentz contracting stick
Wormhole related experiments?
Hawking radiation: direct matter -> energy conversion?
what is the proper way to connect two light bulbs in a circuit? in series or parallel?
Pendulum: Deduce proportionality from experiment
What are the specific electronic properties that make an atom ferromagnetic versus simply paramagnetic?
Is it correct to say that electromagnetic waves does not require a medium?
Why do ice cubes come out easier from top trays?
True Ground State Population of Ideal Bose-Einstein Condensate at Critical Temperature
Are elementary particles actually more elementary than quasiparticles?
Ignorance in statistical mechanics
Why can't we make measurements in a photon's rest frame when loop diagrams make measurements possible?
From the perspective of an observer inside a black hole's horizon, where does the energy for Hawking radiation come from?
Question on notation in Shankar's Quantum Mechanics - math intro on vector spaces
What does it take to derive the ideal gas law in themodynamics?
How to find the value of the parameter a in this transfer function?
Boundary condition for water waves generation
Factorization of fermionic scattering integral in 2d momentum rep
Does the "Andromeda Paradox" (Rietdijk–Putnam-Penrose) imply a completely deterministic universe?
Angular momentum equations
Is putting a charged balloon up to a neutral wall polarization AND temporary induction, or just polarization?
static shock=thermocouple?
What do the dimensions of circulation mean, and how is circulation related to action?
Is there a more clever way to apply the cross product of two vectors to magnetism?
Function to determine Earth-Moon distance vs. time
Conserved quantum observables from symmetries *with density matrix*
How can new interpretations of QM help?
At what angle does a single atom "reflect" a single photon?
EM field quantization
The distance square in the Newton's law of universal gravitation is really a square?
Why does a microwave oven affect other electronic devices
Differential cross section in momentum space?
Does existence of magnetic monopole break covariant form of Maxwell’s equations for potentials?
What's the difference between “evidence of a new particle” and “discovery of a new particle”?
How do I calculate the induced metric in the Gibbons–Hawking–York boundary term?
Turbulence forming between the coaches of rail
Can someone explain the science behind MIT's 230% efficient LEDs?
Can I calculate the maximum concentration of sucrose that will dissolve in water at STP using physical constants?
Enlightening experimental physics books/resources
Another question about Shankar's notation
Books for Condensed Matter after Ashcroft/Mermin
Do permanent magnets emit virtual photons?
What happens to those electrons of BEC cold atoms?
What is the Quantum equivalent of chaos on a classical system? (if there's any)
Are there more bosons or fermions in the universe?
Why are there 4 Dimensions and 4 Fundamental Forces?
Physical meaning of elastic constants of a monoclinic crystal
Deriving Planck's radiation law from microscopic considerations?
Does a ski racer with a larger mass have an advantage?
Does "Air caterpillar" exist or even possible?
How is information related to energy in physics?
Neutron electric dipole moment and $T$ symmetry violation
Hamiltonian of a water molecule bounded to a surface
Accuracy of atomic clocks
Find drag force on link of rotating chain
Does no-cloning theorem implies a no-comparison theorem?
2d or 1d conduction in this scenario?
Is ground energy of interacting fermions always higher that that of bosons?
How would you explain spectrum and spectral analysis to grandma?
Is there an overlap between quantum dynamics and math of brownian motion?
Connections between classical and quantum mechanics?
Is the universe a quantum computer - is light speed barrier a computational constraint
How the nucleon structure has been identified experimentally?
Penetration versus Frequency
Can Mirror box simulate long light travel?
What equation describes the electrostatic potential in these circumstances?
Simple model of the solar system. Parameters? Accuracy?
Finding the correct units for the energy-momentum tensor?
What meaning does the slope of the efficiency path on a Mollier diagram have in terms of temperature?
How to properly read a measurement result if it is a number?
Neutrino oscillations versus CMK quark mixing
Connection between Poisson Brackets and Symplectic Form
Microwaves vs Gas or Electric Coil heating of a water boiler in a typical household
Spectrum of Free Strings
Differentiating inside an integral sign
Why does optical pumping of Rubidium require presence of magnetic field?
Why no longitudinal electromagnetic waves?
Quantum entanglement of spin along multiple orthogonal axes
Can the mass of longitudinal and transverse W bosons be measured separately?
Dimensional Analysis with $\alpha$, $\beta$, and $\gamma$ Powers
Calculating uncertainties for a final result
Derivation of the Lagrangian method using discretized time axis
Infinite universe - Jumping to pointless conclusions
How to find acceleration given position and velocity?
Can a static magnetic field turned into a static electric field? or vice versa?
Derivative of quantities with internal indices
Lorentz invariance of the 3 + 1 decomposition of spacetime
Ropes and Pulleys - Really unintuitive answer
Analytic form of the normalization constant for Laughlin wavefunction
What physical processes may underly the collisional term in the Boltzmann equation, and how do they increase entropy?
M-theory and many-worlds interpretation
How to find replacement function of a mass?
Local Mach number for an airfoil
A freefalling body problem, only partial distance and time known
Evidence that "space exists rather than just particles"
Heat absorbed by a room
Does a cycle (in Simple Harmonic Motion) have to equal 2π?
Can a system that holds information about it's past ever be Markovian?
Can extra dimensions be too large to be observable
RC Circuit , Calculate Time Constant
Forces and torques about the CENTER OF MASS of a physical pendulum
Why can't any term which is added to the Lagrangian be written as a total derivative (or divergence)?
Resistor circuit that isn't parallel or series
Transpose Map Positive, But Not Completely Positive?
What will be the relative speed of the fly?
What is degeneracy pressure?
Shape of rotating rope (lasso problem?)
Which bonds are the cross-links and which are secondary bonds (in elastomers)?
Does spacetime in general relativity contain holes?
Efficiencies of Coupling Light into a Fiber
Relationship between nuclear spin and nuclear magnetic moment?
Does one require calculus to work with uncertainities?
Scaling of Static Electric Field
Conversion of motion equation from Cartesian to Polar coordinates: Is covariant differentiation necessary?
Tension on a cable in a gravitational field
When should we use the concept of Impulse/Momentum instead of Force?
Good references for specific heats
Black body balloon in vacuum
Factors affecting torque and RPM of a motor
Piston movements in four stroke cycle?
Is the free electron wavefunction stable?
Can anyone solve this simple static equilibrium problem?
Friction + Bouncing of an Object against an Elastic Wall
Video or animation for continuity equation in water pipes
Building the meson octet and singlet
Common Variables in Quantum Mechanics
Unknown isotope
How to stop a heat ray gun
How Safe Are Heat Ray Guns?
Centrifugal Compressor Flow Rate
Current formula and form factor
What is the pressure drop in a venturi with a compressible fluid?
How do I go from exponents to a formula?
Can the technology behind particle accelerators be used for space propulsion?
Why the shape of rainbow is semicircular after rain why not the whole atmosphere is colorful?
Boundary conditions for static electric field
The nature of time, according to quantum field theory
Does it take significantly more fuel to fly a heavier airplane?
How can an an ant lift 50 times its own weight and pull 30 times its weight?
General procedure for Clebsch-Gordan expansions
Feynman Path Integral Formula in Brian Cox' "A Night with the Stars" Lecture
Why does change in speed of a wave make it refract?
Can a light beam be used as a wire for telephony?
Why does wavelength change as light enters a different medium?
Would one actually find their doppelgänger in a "Googolplex Universe"?
Direction of rotation of proton in magnetic field--opposite to a dipole
Rocket drive and conservation of momentum
Is there an abstract notion of heat within a microscopical system?
Will the hole on a metal disc expand or contract upon heating?
A book on quantum mechanics supported by the high-level mathematics
Einstein's Gedanken Experiment that lead to the Special Theory of Relativity
Equations of motion in 2D
About change in velocity of a light wave as it enters a different medium
How does gravity behave outside the geoid?
What does the appearance of a classical particle fundamentally reduce to?
Implementing simple atom model using density functional theory (DFT)
Increasing mass' effect on the balance between centripetal force and centrifugal force
What is a general definition of the spin of a particle?
CP Violation of the CKM Matrix
What is an "incompressible" quantum liquid?
Virtual particles in semiclassical Quantum mechanics
The quantum-mechanical description of an electron motion in a magnetic monopole field
Faster-than-$c$ photons
Can I just ask what these pulleys-and-constant-lengths problems are called?
What are the calculations for Vacuum Energy?
wind vs air resistance
Interacting classical strings?
Nuclear reactor control rods
Definition of Free Electrons and Mobile Charges?
Does string theory and preons exclude each other?
Shouldn't the fourth dimension be energy/mass, and not time?
From where (in space-time) does Hawking radiation originate?
Sauna thermodynamics
Do salt lamps really produce negative ions?
Hygiene thermodynamics 2
Interpreting range of conductivity diagram
Is the quantization of the harmonic oscillator unique?
What is the total kinetic energy per second of the particles accelerated by the LHC
What chemistry course to take for a physics undergraduate
How can people do music with Tesla coils?
Magnetic force and work
Special Relativity - Relativistic Dynamics
Event-by-Event Simulation of Quantum Phenomena
Multiplication of 3-vector operators
Measuring extra-dimensions
What really is the future about the Standard Model
$2+1$ dimensional physics theory of our universe?
Strategies against 50 Hz mains hum on detector signals?
How does string theory reduce to the standard model?
Why is quantum physics needed to explain photosynthesis?
Question Based On Units And Measurements Involving Lengths
How is contact resistivity defined for a Schottky contact, or the Schottky barrier height for an ohmic contact?
Do "shape" and "volume" in "space" have any meaning for an electron?
How many photons does it take to measure a linear polarization?
Hamilton's equations in terms of initial conditions
How does a train, airplane measure its speed?
Can black holes be created on a miniature scale?
What is 'tilt locking' of a laser cavity?
What is a qualitative explanation for order of values of standard entropies of formation for isomers of hexane?
wind versus compressed air
A question about definition of Fermi energy
Using 'Euler's Homogeneous Function Theorem' to Justify Thermodynamic Derivations
How do magnets work?
How important are electromagnetic tidal effects in QFT? Can they be used to determine whether a particle is point-like?
Advantage of string theory over other theory-of-everything candidates
Lowest gravity on Earth's surface?
Are quantum mechanics calculations useful for engineering?
Inductor with controlled temperature coefficient
In What Frame of Reference does the Special Theory of Relativity Operate?
How exactly is the propagator a Green's function for the Schrodinger equation
Transition between 2D and 3D quantum systems
Spinor integration
Calculating Ground State Energy in 1D Potential
What are the physycal meaning of universal constants such as the magnetic, electric and gravitational constants?
Difference in timbre between 'quiet' and 'far away'
Double slit experiment and indirect measurements
What's the validity of the thermodynamic definition of entropy?
Finding Lagrangian of a Spring Pendulum
Can we explain physical similarities between Black Scholes PDE and the Mass Balance PDE (e.g. Advection-Diffusion equation)?
Questions on wave-particle duality
Majorana particles statistics
How does infrared light 'erase' phosphorescence on zinc sulfide?
Calculating the launch angle of a horizontal launch (mechanics)
Best physics olympiad resources
About binary stars and calculating velocity, period and radius of their orbit
Jumping in an elevator?
Does this Zeilinger group result provide experimental proof of backward-in-time causation?
Why does the d-spacing of a polymer decrease as its crystallinity increases?
Do neutron stars reflect light?
Is it possible to fly like a bird using semi-motorized wings?
How much disolved oxygen is removed by boiling water?
References for Radio Imaging?
Neutrino and electromagnetic forces
_Actually_ hearing the shape of a drum
Is a charged particle at rest affected by magnetic field?
Does measurement, quantum in particular, always increase the total entropy?
Why do we like gauge potentials so much?
If my acceleration is -1 ($a=-1\:\rm{m/s^2}$) and I'm standing in the infinite ($x_0=\infty \:\rm m$), could I reach the point $x=0\:\rm m$?
Angle of deflection of an atomic nucleus
How do I determine when this object is about to get covered in dew? I can measure the environment parameters
Contact angle formula still holds for liquid liquid interface?
Can action of the weak and strong forces be reduced to action of electromagnetic force?
Is the universe finite and discrete?
Does the universe follow a general physical and computational principle of evolution?
In electrostatics, why the electric field inside a conductor is zero?
Why is the conductor an equipotential surface in electrostatics?
Wick Order and Radial Ordering in CFT
Is this formula for the energy of a configuration of 3 fluids physically reasonable?
Are a measured object always part of the theory?
Why does large curvature of spacetime imply high temperature?
More questions on string theory and the standard model
Does the second law of thermodynamics tell me how the entropy changes?
A question from Weinberg QFT text
Is acceleration relative?
Is all angular momentum quantized?
Any process or algorithm to estimate color sensitivities or color matching function of a RGB camera?
Charge Distribution on a Parallel Plate Capacitor
Entanglement and relativity
Generators of the lorentz group
Decoherence when no one is looking?
Does a negative line tension in a 3-fluid immiscible interface make sense?
Areas of research and their transferable skills
Why do charges enter the capacitor in the first place?
How does the Double Slit Experiment work in detail?
Bell's theorem and why nonlocality is problematic
Reference request for the terminology and usage of different types of plasmas
What is "surface fluid adhesion energy"?
Are there good home experiments to get a feel for the behavior of yield-stress liquids?
What's the classical limit of the pressure of the ultrarelativistic Bose gas
Fine Tuned Universe
Deceleration of Vehicle off pavement
Can these figures demonstrating the safety of "Archery Tag" arrows be correct?
Finding electric power generated using heat transfer
Abstract Algebra in Relativity and Cosmology?
How do I find the Gain of this Transfer Function
All matter has a mass but does all matter have a gravitational pull?
Equivalent system in Centre manifold theory
Does a photon exert a gravitational pull?
Does it make sense to speak of amplitudes of finite closed boundaries in QFT?
What shape is needed to contain a blade made of plasma?
Can spatial coherence be maintained in fiber optic cables over time?
Are there any theories or suggestions for how the multiverse came into existence?
Where can I find open-source weather forecast software?
How does the shape (form; not cross-section) of a spring impact performance?
Are Colors Emitted at Specific Temperatures?
Why is compressible flow near the choke point so efficient?
Why do rain waves form and what is their connection to the texture of the surface they're on?
Does Helium just naturally display BEC properties at <1K, or does it become a BEC?
Is there analysis library for stress-strain data?
Does spin alone have any effect on the physical interactions of particles?
Any case of a particle seemingly decaying into copies of itself?
Why can't a single photon produce an electron-positron pair?
AdS/CFT correspondence and M-theory
Is there an explanation for the 3:2:1 ratio between the electron, up and down quark electric charges?
Heisenberg's principle in Quantum Cryptography
Slit screen and wave-particle duality
what will happen when I continuously heat a closed heavy iron box half-filled with water?
A simple pendulum moving at a relativistic speed - how does the period change?
How does a flat wedge lens work?
How can we be so sure the universe has 3 dimensions?
Intensity of Hawking radiation for different observers relative to a black hole
How do levers amplify forces?
What are all the equations we use to calculate how bounces work?
The relativistic mechanics of a battery that is being charged and accelerated at the same time
Do spacelike junctions in the Thin-Shell Formalism imply energy nonconservation and counterintuitive wormholes?
Flying a toy helicopter inside an accelerating train
Energy band diagram of a system of Silicon Quantum dots
can one introduce magnetic monopoles without Dirac strings?
What is the interaction with Higgs field(s) that give the quarks so much different masses?
How can a Higgs decay to heavier products than its mass?
Flow rate of a syringe
Computing the path of photons near a black hole
why ammonia is not a competitive energy carrier?
More on the Feynman Path Integral Formula  in Brian Cox' Lecture and its Consequences
How much oxygen would be consumed on a 1 cm squared surface which is on fire?
Is a series of springs compared to a single spring of equal length stronger and more reliable
Boltzmann Brain Immortality
Helium plasma in space and its properties
Time-reversal symmetry
How to calculate the dependency of speed and weight of a servo?
Why does music have a different tonality when heard from earphones a distance away?
Why doesn't dark energy vary with time?
Proof that the One-Dimensional Simple Harmonic Oscillator is Non-Degenerate?
When "unphysical" solutions are not actually unphysical
Are two polarization states of light coherent?
Question with Einstein notation
How to interpret the derivative in the momentum operator in quantum mechanics?
At what point does a projectile leave a slingshot?
Why does the sound pitch increase on every consecutive tick at the bottom of a filled cup of coffee?
Does the efficiency of radiation change in any way in the presence of a medium?
What exactly is the difference between radiation, conduction, and convection?
How to express the heat capacity in terms of heat?
Constructing the "most general" two-particle spin interaction with $SU(2)$ symmetry
Why is light described by a null geodesic?
How to calculate the evaporative cooling rate needed to protect a house from forest fire
Microwave oven + water: dielectric heating or ion drag?
Experiment to find structure of water
"Find the net force the southern hemisphere of a uniformly charged sphere exerts on the northern hemisphere"
Describing the surface of a sphere in Huygens' Principle
Does locality emerge from (classical) Lagrangian mechanics?
What is the physical or mathematical meaning of the Gibbs-Duhem equation?
Why is the Higgs boson spin 0?
Moment of inertia of a coin
A Question about Virtual Work related to Newton's Third Law
Deriving the Lagrangian for a free particle
How do we determine the temperature of a Black Hole?
What is anti-matter?
The most challenging physical phenomena
How do the Planets and Sun get their initial spin?
Classical Mechanics for Mathematician
Calculation for force generated by a rotating rectangular blade
Why does the induced charge have to have the same magnitude as the inducing charge?
Parallel universes: are there an infinite amount of universes?
Are we inside a black hole?
Faster-than-light communication using Alcubierre warp drive metric around a single qubit?
Per unit area, is there more heat transfer through the open top of a mug or the side walls?
Shouldn't stars disappear from our view due to expansion?
Why is the lid of the cookware kept on induction cooker not hot?
Very basic question about empty universe
Question Based On Direct And Alternating Current
Conservation of angular momentum in propeller planes and helicopters
Is the efficiency of a stirling engine affected by dead volumes?
Wyckoff positions and lattice coordinations
Wind's Sources and Drains (see live map!!)
Is dark matter really matter?
How does matter transform into energy and vice versa?
Bullet fired at a series of partitions
Is chaos theory essential in practical applications yet?
Why don’t photons interact with the Higgs field?
Deadlifting the rear end of a car with a lever. What it equates to in actual weight?
Solution to the quantum measurement problem?
Power laws and deterministic systems
Why is oil a poor conductor of heat?
What makes the stars that are farther from the nucleus of the galaxy go faster than those in the middle?
How does a Blu-Ray work?
How to know what materials are good conductors of electricity?
$1/r^2$ gravitational force of triangles in 2D
Quantum Coin Flipping Protocol
Maximum range of a projectile (launched from an elevation)
Are black holes (and the universe in general) said to exhibit Ostwald's Ripening?
Where is the flaw in deriving Gauss's law in its differential form?
The Double Slit Experiment and the changing of electron behaviour
Some hints/introductions/textbooks for LBM (Lattice Boltzmann methods) fluid simulation?
How can one imagine curled up dimensions?
A question regarding particle trajectories in the symplectic manifold formalism
Information loss in a black hole
Representations of Pauli matrices involving outer product of qubit states
Shor's Algorithm: Why throw away the f(x)?
Orbits for space missions
Change in Vapour/Liquid change point, at very low pressure 
Basic Question - Green's Functions in Quantum Mechanics
Videos of changing the orientation of an astronaut in space
How can time be relative?
Why is the time taken for something to fall proprtional to acceleration due to gravity?
Conservation of Energy and Momentum Regarding Forces - clarification needed
Intuitive picture for spin-fluctuations contribution to specific heat of He3
Is energy applied by the muscle when it holds a body in the air?
What statistical test should I use?
For how long can we make an air balloon stay flying via remotely controlled heat system?
Simulating a black hole binary system
When a color LCD/LED display is off it is black, when on it is colored. What color to light is an LCD/LED display
What is lambda R in Richardson's Law?
how to solve this scaling equation
What is replica symmetry breaking, and what is a good resource for learning it?
Has Bose-Einstein theory been considered for dark matter?
Given constant T, why does P affect internal energy?
In electromagnetic radiation, how do electrons actually "move"?
Why does a coin falls faster when it's flipping as well?
Why does elastic energy only depend on first derivatives?
What's the mathematical background to the representation for Gaussian beams?
How can one activate the decay of the quark b with PYTHIA event generator?
How much is 1 electron-volt (eV)?
Why can't we know the speed, $\vec{v}(t)$, and position, $\vec{r}(t)$, of an electron (the two) at the same time $t$?
Good algorithm for in-experiment 1-D optimization?
How to calculate gamma radiation shielding?
Earth's beginnings and early years, Re radioactive decay or not
How does the critical density decide the fate of the Universe?
Irreducible tensor representations with "covariant" indices
What is solar storm?
How fast is heat transferred by conduction?
The form of Lagrangian for a free particle
Is the change in kinetic energy of a particle frame independent?
If the EM Spectrum makes up all frequencies what is the connection between Photons and Electrons in electronics, mainly in RF Propagation?
What identifies an action-reaction pair of forces?
Spin-Statistics Theorem (SST)
Why doesn't anomalous dispersion allow faster-than-light propagation?
How do I know an initial speed of a thrown object using the max height
Twin paradox - observers counter orbiting Earth
Momentum and Energy in Oscillations
When does a pot not spill?
The eigenvalue of Schrodinger Equation
Hubble time, the age of the Universe and expansion rate
Boiling water reactor
Theory of Space Charge in a Planar Diode
Units describing the behavior of neutrinos
Functional determinant approximation
What's the size of carbon dioxide?
What is currently incomplete in M-theory?
semiclassical exact expression (in one dimension only)
How did the energy/entropy/volume/pressure/temperature relationship exist at the Big Bang and how did it evolve thereafter?
light ray 'entropy'
Curvature, Omega, the Flatness problem, and the evolving shape of the universe
Zero energy universe
Conceptual quantum field theory
Textbook on group theory to be able to start QFT
Question about uncertainty
Physical interpretation of Parseval's theorem
Maximize Magnetic Self-Inductance Through a Wire
Greenhouse gases
Can anyone explain to me why light is not dispersed into a spectrum through a parallel glass slide, but only through a prism?
Which is the biggest object which can interfere with itself?
shouldn't we add the oscillating terms into Bohr-Sommerfeld quantization formula
Potential of surface charge
Why does inflation (the inflaton field) push Omega down closer to zero (flatten the universe)?
Is there an upper frequency limit to ultrasound?
Maximum speed of a water skier
Subjectivity of decoherence
Neutrino beam energy
Maximum efficiency for a counter-current heat exchanger (double flux controlled motorized ventilation)
How to deal with the product of distributions by Renormalization or similar?
How to combine measurement error with statistic error
How did the inflaton field "add" energy to the universe?
Why is neutrino beam not considered light?
Water flushed down, water pumped up (in buildings)
How can one describe electron motion around hydrogen atom?
Why is the universe described in terms of Euclidean space and not Minkowski spacetime?
Laws of aerodynamics after breaking the sound barrier
Why is $L^2$ norm of the gradient called kinetic energy?
sending information over a wire--mechanically
Magnetic flying engine
Is fire plasma?
Is this a correct addition to a pipe friction loss calculation?
What makes the difference between ionic and covalent bonds?
What are some ways that humans could have influence over what sequence a star was in?
Why do books have dog ears?
Physical Significance for Duality Formula for Entropy
3d holograms - How are they created?
Understanding particle's space travel
Why did the microwave oven only heat my coffee half as much as expected?
Is it possible to be changed Energy Unit in future or it is strict reality in nature?
Age of universe estimates
Could the unobservable universe have curvature (be spherical)?
Computer game with quantum optics/ information
Where does the wave function of the universe live? Please describe its home
Which ferromagnetic material has the lowest Curie temperature?
Why does a glass rod when rubbed with silk cloth aquire positive charge and not negative charge?
How to find that a molecule has zero spin?
What non-metal is attracted by a magnet?
Quantization of momentum in nanotubes
Is the FRW metric describing the shape of the universe or the shape of the expansion applied to the universe?
How to model water flow with and without friction against other objects?
Is there a named unit that, when divided by 32, gives meters per second?
Are quantum mechanics and quantum physics the same field?
Why doesn't the Gravitational Force causes body to fall towards orbital center moving with constant tangential speed?
Why does your car lurch toward an oncoming truck as it passes you?
Wave packets v.s. wave trains
How does one derive the equation for the speed of sound?
Is $\sigma$ or $\sigma / \sqrt{N}$ is error of a measurement?
In $H_2^+$, what is the Hamiltonian of the movement of the electron?
How does an object regains its neutrality after being charged by rubbing?
How can we model intrinsic curvature?
What is the fate of a 3-Torus universe?
What would happen to electronic circuits when traveling near the speed of light?
Intuition behind the concept of heat
Does constraint for speed of Electric and magnetic fields violates Conservation of momentum or Newton's third law?
Does Polytetrafluoroethylene (Teflon) have low wind resistance?
If I take a bottle of air into space, and open it, where does it go?
Number of Images from pair of plane mirrors?
Rear Projection 3d figures?
How do we measure $i[\hat\phi(x),\hat\phi(y)]$ in QFT?
Phase space suppression in loop integrals
What results from particle collision would ensure the existence of the graviton?
What do bullet trails really look like?
Can Ionocrafts be improved by breaking them up into multiple stages?
Why are alpha particles made of 2 protons and neutrons?
What are the limitations of the superspace formalism?
Bifurcation of convection of fluid in container, when adding temperature
mechanical disadvantage of pulleys
Stretching a piece of foil with a hole
why  water molecules in vapor contributes to the green house effect and water condensed in drops not?
How to derive addition of velocities without the Lorentz transformation?
what interactions would take place between a free proton and a dipolariton?
How to combine the error of two independent measurements of the same quantity?
Is there a simple way to derive a T-S diagram from a p-V diagram for arbitrary processes?
Macroscopic laws which haven't been derived from microscopic laws
Is it possible to witness a circular rainbow?
Kinematics Problem
Is the free energy bounded
What is a non linear $\sigma$ model?
Wave with mass transport?
How do we know that internal conversion creates no intermediate photon?
How does Newton's 2-prism experiment help to explain why light does not get dispersed into 7-colors in a parallel glass slab?
How do I calculate output voltage from a given supply voltage and resistance?
Tight Binding Model in Graphene
Is there a general physics simulator for learning purposes?
What is meant by the phrase "the mass is protected by a symmetry"?
Free particle propagation amplitude calculation
nature of glass transition
Are there microscopic theories, which work, but which wrongly predict macroscopic behaviour?
Work Done by Rockets in Orbital Motion
What does the equivalence principle mean in quantum cases?
Clarification on Wald's book
charge moves if you scuff the rag with your shoes
Why is Mosely screening in heavy atom K-shell 1 unit?
Interpretation of Stiffness Matrix and Mass Matrix in Finite Element Method
Program for radiation and toxic hazards
Calculating semi-major axis of binary stars from velocity, position and mass
Autocorrelation Functions <---> Pair Correlation Functions
Can relativistic kinetic energy be derived from Newtonian kinetic energy?
Is the EmDrive, or "Relativity Drive" possible?
Is the energy conserved in a moving frame of reference?
Why are we forced to choose a specific value for $\pi$ field in Nambu-Goldstone phenomenon?
Walter Lewin Lecture 16 - Ball bouncing on wall?
Derivation of the Gauss-Codazzi equation
Is there conservation of information during quantum measurement?
What defines the brightness of a bulb?
A dictionary of string - standard physics correspondences
Is it sure that gravitons are massless bosons?
two pendulums, which pendulum has shorter period
Derivation of formula for electric field between parallel plates
What's the displacement between two opposite corners of a cube?
Boundary conditions of Navier-Cauchy equation
What errors would one learn from Eliezer Yudkowsky's introduction to quantum physics?
Bee in a vehicle
Maximum probability of success for distinguishing between two pure states with one measurement
Interacting system and relaxation times
What does it mean for two objects to "touch"?
Approximation of a summation by an integral
Phonon vectors and characteristic length interpretation
How do you calculate instantaneous velocity in projectile motion?
Does acceleration at an angle to velocity change the direction?
What's wrong with this equation for harmonic oscillation?
Is it possible to mathematically derive the formula for resistance?
Is it circular reasoning to derive Newton's laws from action minimization?
How gravitation affects tides
Will an emf be induced across the ends of a stationary metal rod placed in a time-varying magnetic field?
Why is there a difference between additive and subtractive trichromatic color theories?
What jobs can you get after Studying Physics at University?
Loopless voltage measurement
What characterizations are available for two-photon Bell state light sources?
How much time will a pendulum lose in one day?
Vector space of $\mathbb{C}^4$ and its basis, the Pauli matrices
Why there is a $180^{\circ}$ phase shift for a transverse wave and no phase shift for a longitudinal waves upon reflection from a rigid wall?
How to derive the Manley-Rowe relation for the process of the second harmonics generation?
Density of classical states in quantum theory
Why does a bullet bounce off water?
In what environments can a dipolariton form?
When to use $f$ and when $\nu$ signifying frequency?
How do I visualize the non-coaxial rotation of this device?
Why the pressure of atmosphere doesn't crush you when you e.g. walk outside?
Center of Gravity vs Center of Mass
Finding force exerted in an Inelastic Collision
Coulomb potential energy functional derivative
Why do non-Newtonian fluids go hard when having a sudden force exerted on them?
Why does this integral come out imaginary?
Static flow of water in the presence of a loudspeaker
What is the exact definition of center of gravity?
Are neutrinos affected by gravity?
Spin matrices in Dirac equation
"Conceptualizing" neutrinos
Equations instead of psychrometric charts
Why would it be true that people with longer legs walk faster than ones with shorter legs?
Why are there Gravitons among the modes of oscillation in String Theory?
What's the physical meaning of the Fourier transform of magnetic flux density?
How does the string worldsheet affect the space-time in which they live?
What happens to the energy when waves perfectly cancel each other?
understanding the oscillating part of the Gutzwiller trace
If the S-matrix has symmetry group G, must the fields be representations of G?
How would I go about solving this transient convection problem if the mean fluid temperature is constantly changing?
Why is glass a good conductor of heat?
How does the energy of a sound wave decrease with the distance
Multiple source Pipe Network: Given a known outflow, can we deduce the inflows?
Partially filled orbitals and strongly correlated electrons
So where is mistake in the formula of wave number (magnitude of wave vector)?
Building some measurement appratus that distinguish between two mixtures
solution of schrodinger equation - infinite solutions?
Lagrangian mechanics vs Hamiltonian mechanics
Dilation invariant lattice
Minimum viscosity of liquids
Can a camera flash light near high voltage wires create medium to pass electricity?
Why are volume and pressure inversely proportional to each other?
Special Relativity and $E = mc^2$
Simple Projectile Motion Question
What is the mass density distribution of an electron?
Is a closed system receiving heat guaranteed to have entropy below maximum?
Reference paper to support information -- energy relation $\left(kT \ln2 \rm\frac{J}{bit}\right)\;.$
3D Delta Potential Well
The equivalent electric field of a magnetic field
What is magnetic conductivity?
Time it takes for temperature change
Is the universe finite or infinite?
How can something happen when time does not exist?
Luminescence when ripping (answered) and when pouring (not answered)
Third-order susceptibilities of metals?
How do I calculate DC motor speed for a given load?
Pertinence of the wave function of the universe, or complete description of system with massive number of dof
Can someone explain probability flux in the tunneling boundary condition of Vilenkin?
Is the Avogadro's constant equal to one?
Baryon asymmetry
Is there a point interaction model of the electron?
What is the displacement of an accelerated and relativistic object?
Electric fields in/around conductors
missing dark matter?
Shouldn't gravity travel at light speed immediately?
System moves away from equilibrium $\rightarrow$ it has energy added?
Maximum range of a projectile launched from elevation "dumbed down"
Question about SL(2,Z) duality of string theory/N=4 SYM
Isn't the uncertainty principle just non-fundamental limitations in our current technology that could be removed in a more advanced civilization?
Calculating capacitance of arbitrary plate shape and arrangement.
What could we observe if we see a 4 dimensional object and how could it change our physics view about our universe?
Did they find a new particle with CMP?
Problem in a truss
Why is there a 90˚ phase angle between particle velocity and sound pressure in spherical waves?
Thermodynamics and cross entropy
Trains travelling at different speeds towards a station C
mechanism of annihilation
Would this model of a boat move according to Newtons 3rd Law?
Commutating Annihilators with a beamsplitter
Does a UV completion of gravity necessarily need to be so drastic as String Theory or LQG?
Feynman's sum over histories?
Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle scientific proof
Why is Hawking's No Boundary condition described in terms of an instanton if there's no tunneling?
What is the support for the suggestion that reality is a computer simulation?
How does gravitation propagate along curved spacetime?
Connection between entropy and energy
Relation between external magnetic field intensity H, magnetisation M and the entropy?
Transient radiation--heating a slab
Again about all-win lottery
A person weighing 100 N stands on some bathroom scales in a lift. If the scales show a reading of 110 N, which way is he going
Infinitely charged wire and Differential form of Gauss' Law
Why/How is this Wick's theorem?
What is the return probability for Brownian motion in three dimensions?
Where is the "true" Higgs if the LHC 125 GeV signal is rather a higher dimensional radion than a SM Higgs?
Validity of Einstein Coefficient Derivations
moment of tennis racket & volley
Explain these graphs of rotation and velocity of pucks on air hockey board
Find the dispersion of the slab?
Calculating eccentricity from semi-major axis, position and velocity of particles
No attraction radially in an cylinder of spherical magnets
Operators Uncertainty
Find vector position in time give this graph?
Factor 2 and equations for the weak gravitational field
Why aren't stratospheric balloons compressing their helium to descent?
A charged particle moves in a plane subject to the oscillatory potential
How does Higgs field relate to Aether theories?
How much lift does an airplane get from its wings, vs the rest of the airframe?
How would I calculate the convection coefficient in transient convection?
Light refraction and causality
Why must the excitation of closed strings in String Theory be spin-2?
How can particles being closed strings in String Theory create solidity in objects?
Current string-theory version of Big Bang
Why does the higher pressure of air underneath an aeroplane wing keep it flying?
How do physicists know that mass of possible Higgs particle is limited between two values?
When Physicists thought neutrinos were faster than the speed of light
Trajectory of projectile thrown downhill
Bridge Trusses?
Why are electrons and quarks 0-dimensional?
Electric dipole transitions/expectation value of position
Superposition of electromagnetic waves
Entanglement spectrum
Why we cannot use Gauss's Law to find the Electric Field of a finite-length charged wire?
An electron is subjected to an electromagnetic field using the canonical equations solve
Geometry of wireless signal strength
What is 2 $\theta$ in X-ray powder diffraction (XRD)?
What are colors?
eigenvalue staircase and hamiltonians
Interpretation of the Einstein-Hilbert action
String theory landscape and false vacua
Bolometer calibration - voltage and intensity
Differential squared vs. differential of squared
How does Time traveling work in practice?
What would be the path of the earth seen by the astronaut in the lunar sky?
How does energy depend on frequency in an alternating current circuit?
Computing a density of states of Hamiltonian $ H=xp$
Relationship between the "angle of the floor" and the angular velocity in a banked turn?
Learning about predicted interactions between black holes and tachyons
How do I derive this series for this unitary operator?
Why does the bubbling of a soda bottle pulsate?
Were the physical constants chosen randomly by the nature?
Pluto's gravitational pull on a person on the Earth's surface?
Space-time in String Theory
In the known universe, would an atom not present in our periodic table exist?
Why is gravity weak at the quantum level?
Will free-fall object into black hole exceed speed of light $c$ before hitting black hole surface?
Confusion regarding entropy, reference papers request
spacetime expansion and universe expansion?
Knots and strengh of a rope
Any practical results yet from 'Twistor Uprising'?
What allows us to infer the existence of dark energy?
How fictitious are fictitious forces?
What happens when the string slackens during vertical circular motion?
Forces on an airfoil
Do black holes play a role in quantum decoherence?
The entropy of a static granular mixture
Why do objects follow geodesics in spacetime?
Thermal Energy from Friction on a Rope
Would Quantum entanglement theoretically allow prediction of the future?
Relationship between gauss and decibels
If randomness doesn't exist, how come the universe isn't a perfect sphere with predictable distribution of matter?
Angular Momentum Addition Theorem - Sanity Check
Centripetal force of a rotating rigid body?
Classical black holes?
What is the cause of noise generation at my bike helmet
Why can't two or more objects exist at the same place at the same time?
Can randomness exist?
If the unobservable universe is not "open" and will collapse, would we be able to tell?
What sustains a rigid body's rotation at its constant angular(rotational) speed?
Confusion regarding geodesic of thrown ball - curved or Cartesian coordinates?
Proton-Neutron Lattice as a form of matter?
How can we know about particle spin?
Relative Change of Volume
Calculate relativistic boost to COM frame from two arbitary velocities?
Can I get anions by touching the negative electrode of a battery?
What is the meaning of the concepts of "operator mixing" (and anomalous dimensions)
How does one get the value of acceleration of gravitation on earth accurately by experiment without electronic device?
Variance of Nested Experimental Uncertainty
Gauge invariance and form of the vacuum polarization tensor
Efficiency of parallel and sequential heat pumps
How does $F = \frac{ \Delta (mv)}{ \Delta t}$ equal $( m \frac { \Delta v}{ \Delta t} ) + ( v \frac { \Delta m}{ \Delta t} )$?
Which new insight did $E=mc^2$ give us?
Mixing Water at Different Temperature
Why are turbines built differently when a change of entropy or temperature is involved?
Fermat principle: which index of refraction?
Calculating temperature of water in the freezer
Are there any non magnetic materials that attract to each other as if they were magnetic?
Hydrogen radial wave function infinity at $r=0$
What areas of physics should a mathematician study to understand TQFT?
Equations governing mutual inductance and transformers
The Difference between Thomas-Fermi Screening and Lindhard Screening
How does the process of freezing water remove salt?
Rotational kinetic energy during vertical circular motion of a particle
Why are do neutral atoms shrink as their valence shells approach 8 electrons?
Generalizing Heisenberg Uncertainty Priniciple
Question on Projectile Motion equation
Work Done to click a mouse?
Books on representation theory
What would be the effects of an inflating universe?
Classical limit of a quantum system
What exactly is the difference between advection and convection?
upper critical dimension in field theory
Probability of getting a particular spin
Metric signature explanation
Hurricanes and bathtubs
Canonical quantum gravity
Spectrum measurement
Landau poles in dimension <4?
Electric potential due to a point charge in Gaussian/CGS units
Why is the flux 0? I don't understand this concept
The Light Cone in GR-----A Flickering One?
What can tunnel through a graphene sheet?
Why do we use Planck's constant?
Neutrino Oscillation and their gravitational implications
What is a fluid flux?
Do ~1THz oscillators output "light"?
Flux if there were only one type of charge in the universe
A Satellite's Perspective
noise level (units confusion)
A practical deceleration question
Normal force in a compound pendulum (physical pundulum) system?
Why do Calabi-Yau manifolds crop up in string theory, and what their most useful and suggestive form?
is it possible to gain from charging cold battery
Concept of a point particle in quantum mechanics
Fractional statistics
Is the Portal feasible in real life?
How do kinetic energy and linear momentum relate?
Value and direction of the force applied by a rubberband on an object
How does gravity force get transmitted?
How is Big Bang related to theory of relativity?
What techniques can be used to analyze a rod rotating about the edge of a table?
Are perpetual magnetic motors a scam?
2D - Kinematics - Linkage System using Vector Algebra
Electromagnetic current-current correlators
Perpendicular Fields and Equations of Motion
What is the difference between Sapphire and BK7?
renormalization group in d=3
About Holographic Model of Magnetism and Superconductor
Why don't we see solar and lunar eclipses often?
Kerr-Newman black holes and infinite charge
Ideal gas in a vessel: kinetic energy of particles hitting the vessel's wall
Is the converse of Noether's first theorem true: Every conservation law has a symmetry?
Higgs boson and quasiparticles
Why does the force of gravity get weaker as it travels through the dimensions?
Does the earth's gravity affect horizontal movement?
Accelerating elevator?
Infinite acceleration?
A closed surface, no charge enclosed, yet flux not 0?
Earth's magnetic field, could the poles be reversing?
Magnetized nail lifting another nail
Water Electrolysis Calculations
Simple step in time evolution of position operator in simple harmonic motion
Effect of the tail of the cat in the falling cat problem
What is actually meant by 'sun set' and 'sun rise' times, when taking into account the mirage due to light bending in the atmosphere
Is there a review article that discusses the various suggestions for approaches to the Dirac spinor field?
Solving Poisson-Boltzmann equation for flat surface without excess salt
Electrostatic Potential Energy
How to interpret this vertical circular motion problem?
Looking for a way to simplify a physics formula
How can I use sound/resonance to clean sewers?
Gravitational field of sphere containing a spherical cavity
Is this really how a capacitor works? Why doesn't it behave like a resistor?
Why does a parachute decrease terminal velocity?
Is it true that capacitors closer to a power source charges quicker and gets priority?
Conservation of angular momentum for a rigid body rotating about a fixed point
What is displacement? Position relative to a reference point or change of position
Toroid with variable current and Ampere's Law
Creation and Annialation Operators and Kinetic Energy Matrix Elements
How would you figure some of the methods (in order of importance) to take a picture of the supersonic bullet with the wave it produce in 1888?
Momentum question?
A conceptual problem with Euler-Bernoulli beam theory and Euler buckling
Period of an Object in Periodic Motion
Question on Impulse-Momentum theory
Mathematical question on Collisions
How could $\textbf{S}^2$ not be a multiple of the identity?
Potential difference between conductors
What are the prerequisites to study CP violation?
Is there any significance to 1.21 GW?
Working with carbon as a material
The discontinuity of Electric Field
In what sense does the universe have an outer edge?
Derivation of total momentum operator QFT
Compatibility of economics and physics?
Why don't Turbojet engines use the De Laval Nozzle?
Worlds branching or diverging in Many-Worlds Interpretation?
what gives the vermiculite it's insultative properties
Does the current acceleration of universe imply that our universe is open?
Why do you get electric field of a light wave?
Has the mass of longitudinal and perpendicular spin 1 mesons been measured separately?
In a circular pendulum, where does the equation $v=\sqrt{rg\tan{\alpha}}$ come from?
Does the measure of proximity of two theories in "theory space" run?
Proving the time-evolution of momentum operator
Simple QFT exercise
Analogies between physics and packet-switched networks
Capacitors in series
true three index tensors
Does the passage of time effect a photons entanglement with another?
QED BRST Symmetry
General Relativity - Einstein field equation and quantum field theory
Questions concerning some parts of the section on one-particle states in Weinberg's first volume on QFT
Proportion of energy compared to mass in universe
How to distinguish 4D and 3D vectors in handwriting?
Scale invariance Vs Conformal invariance
Dissipation when the temperature is not constant
How do you weigh a box on a scale whose limit is too low?
Why does a coulomb explosion induce fusion?
What's the right way to calculate charge on a capacitor?
We tend to think the action of a constant force...?
Possibility for radiation in dark matter that is not interactive with regular matter?
Will a stone thrown in space move forever?
Is Uranium renewable, or will this science fiction scenario become reality?
why people choose condense matter physics the most in 2007 and 2008 for their phd? And what are they studying and what is application in this subject?
Could a people do all sort of gymnastics movement in vacuum space?
Why can we use just one angular velocity vector to describe the rotation of a whole non-inertial reference frame?
Influence of Joe Rosen work, is it marginal, or significantly accepted?
Effect of gravity at near-lightspeeds
What exactly is the microgravity field in orbit?
Percolation in a 2D Ising model
$\mu$T in to $\frac{W}{m^2}$ (for interpreting EMF readings)
If space is being doubled, how fast is it doubling?
Matter - Antimatter Reactory Practicality
Scale invariance and self organized criticality
Dynamics question. Please help, exam coming soon
Geocentric Model in General Relativity
Why is this charge distribution in correct? Capacitors in parallel and series
More efficient far-future means of keeping the earth alive?
Best periods to observe Magellanic Clouds?
What are the various kinds of Cassegrain telescopes, and what benefits and drawbacks does each have?
What are the pros and cons of a german equatorial mount vs. a fork mount?
Which is the strongest meteor shower expected in the next years in the Northern hemisphere?
Is there a good explanation for the observation of Martian canals?
What is the probability that a star of a given spectral type will have planets?
What is Dark Energy, and how was it discovered?
What is the most distant object from the Earth that a spacecraft has visited to date?
For observing planets what kind of telescope offers the best view?
Christoffel symbols and affine connection
What is meant when it is said that the universe is homogeneous and isotropic?
Shapes of galaxies
Why does each celestial object spin on its own axis?
How do you clean a dusty lens?
What do the colors in false color images represent?
How to create unusual sundial?
Resources and requirements for amateur spectroscopy
Does Earth have a code name?
Can the apparent equal size of sun and moon be explained or is this a coincidence?
How can the Earth's day increase and its rotation slow down at the same time?
What age to start kids with astronomy
Collision of charged black holes
How do astronomers measure the distance to a star or other celestial object?
What to cite for MSX6 survey?
Do all black holes have a singularity?
A method to estimate the relative magnitude of a star using nearby stars
What is the typical career path to become a professional Astronomer?
How dark does it have to be to see the gegenschein?
Is there any evidence for the claim that the moon was once part of the Earth?
What kind of telecommunication systems do astronauts use in space?
What happen when two galaxies collide?
How can a black hole emit X-rays?
What are good resources for someone looking to become an amateur astronomer?
How to convert a FITS file to .xls Excel file?
When taking a sequence of exposures for stacking/coaddition, what dither patterns are most commonly desired? Why?
How are newly discovered objects (stars, planets, galaxies...) named?
Why is the Ritchey–Chrétien telescope preferred in professional astronomy?
Why are there more lunar maria on the near side than on the far side?
What makes a good set of binoculars?
What objects look best in an O-III filter?
What causes millisecond pulsars to speed up?
Where can I find public domain astronomical pictures?
What latitude is needed before you can reliably see Omega Centauri?
How would two equally massed stars orbit?
Cameras in Voyager probes
Are there websites or programmes that permit a simulation of the night sky in the past and the future on an ordinary computer?
What does f/4.6 mean in a telescope and how important is this value?
Recommend good book(s) about the "scientific method" as it relates to astronomy/astrophysics?
Mixing and matching across eyepiece designs / manufacturers?
What does the sky look like to human eyes from orbit?
Why can't you see meteors, but you can see comets from the moon?
Why is M42 red in the pictures, but green when observed at the eyepiece?
What criteria were used to set the "useme" flag in the NOMAD astrometric catalog?
Telescopes to avoid as a beginner?
How would the night sky appear at the edge of the galaxy?
The most distant point from the earth that a space shuttle has reached
In what ways can a lunar eclipse occur?
What are the prerequisites for considering any other planet to be habitable?
How do air Cherenkov telescopes work?
Why can we see the cosmic microwave background (CMB)?
Observing Jupiter's non-Galilean moons
How large is the universe?
What is an asterism compared to a constellation?
Scientific value of timing total lunar occultations
Does the Moon's core still contain significant heat?
What frame(s) of reference are used to measure the rotation of the Sun around the galaxy ?
Is it possible to see Fraunhofer lines with amateur equipment?
Why are orbits elliptical?
Are solar physics images of use to the night-time community?
Optimal Angular Field of View (AFOV)
How to determine what size telescope to buy
How can a spiral galaxy exist?
How many stars are in the Milky Way galaxy, and how can we determine this?
Do all narrowband filters tint the field of view?
How many earth-sized planets have been discovered outside the solar system?
After the Space Shuttle is retired, how will the new sections of ISS be launched?
What is the name of our Galaxy?
Observing lunar lander and footprints on the moon?
How does a comet form?
What allows the modified Urca process to work at lower density than direct Urca in neutron star cooling?
Why is Uranus's axis of rotation tilted?
What tools do I need to track an orbit of a mystery object?
How can I judge a globular cluster on the Shapley & Sawyer scale?
What is the current status of Pluto?
How do you respond to questions like "Have you ever observed a UFO?"
How are Cepheids used to evaluate their distance?
Why do astronomers say that there is not enough matter in Universe?
What is a spectrometer, and why are they so useful in science?
Who should I contact if I see an unknown object in the sky?
Ways of verifying the origin of a meteorite?
What is exactly a Dobsonian, and what are the differences when compared with Schmidt-Cassegrain or Newtonian?
What's dark matter and who discovered it?
Can any telescope be used for solar observing?
Seeing cosmic activity now, really means it happens millions/billions of years ago?
Why don't modern spacecraft use nuclear power?
Binary stars' apparent magnitude
How does atmospheric seeing evolve over time?
Is the length of the day increasing?
Can we observe changes in the fine-structure constant?
Smaller free remote control telescopes?
What's the best way to watch meteor showers?
What open-source n-body codes are available and what are their features?
How does a spacecraft's orientation get determined
How do the “hot Jupiter” planets get so close to their host star?
When will the Moon reach escape velocity?
Why does the moon sometimes appear giant and a orange red color near the horizon?
What size aperature would I need to find and see the supernova in M51?
What is a backlit CCD sensor, and why might I prefer it to other kinds?
Are the Voyager probes still sending us a signal ?
Why don't more rocky planets/moons have appreciable atmospheres?
Assuming that the Sun wouldn't evolve into a red giant, how long would the Earth's atmosphere last?
Can we prove that the universe is finite or infinite?
Why is this radio telescope's reflector spherical and not parabolic?
Video of Earth spinning?
Does Mercury have a balmy spot?
Pleiades through a 15x 76 mm telescope
What is a "Trojan Moon"?
How to draw a star chart?
Raising Altitude by using Magnetic Torquer and Reaction Wheels
Having difficulties finding objects with Celestron Telescope
Hartmann mask based collimation
How is the Hanbury-Brown and Twiss effect used to measure the size of stars?
Seeking Recommendation for Celestron Firstscope Eyepiece Upgrade
Assuming an observer is 50 light years away, in the plane of the solar system and observing earth, what is the light flux of earth he would see?
What's the best way to start out with astrophotography on a tight budget?
Why does the homogeneity of the universe require inflation?
How can I stabilize an unstable telescope?
Universe is expanding at enormous speed
How would you describe a black hole to a complete layman?
Reverse Sun position algorithm?
Space Interferometry Mission (SIM) cancellation
How to ‘correct’ reflected image on my telescope?
Contents page of Exoplanets book
Why is it hard to write a computer program to detect patterns which planethunters is asking us to figure out?
What physical interactions actually make single stars leave their binary companions at formation?
Where does the light of the Big Bang come from?
What happens to the neighboring star of a type Ia supernova?
Is there a method to estimate the atomic yield of a supernova of a given size?
How can I determine if my telescope mirror is parabolic?
AGN accretion disk vs. torus
How do we explain the phase change between high and low star formation rates?
Why can't you escape a black hole?
Where does the dust on the Moon come from?
Study of exoplanets reaching saturation point
How vacuous is intergalactic space?
Double image in binoculars
How can we be sure that liquid iron/titanium droplets can form around particulates on hot Jupiters - just as they do on Earth and Venus?
How is the shape of the universe measured by scientists?
Is there evidence of a larger universe?
Where to find information on the pulsar map written to Voyager's golden record?
How do the day/night temperature variations of moons compare to those of their planets?
Get time from sun Azimuth
Is there a simple yet accurate formula for where on Earth the Sun and Moon are directly overhead?
Is there any site/place which gives access to astronomical signals acquired from space?
What conditions should an asteroid or comet impact need to meet in order to start an impact winter?
At what temperature does water become a liquid on Mars? On the asteroids? And in a vacuum?
Will the James Webb Space Telescope be able to capture something similar to, or better than, the Hubble Ultra Deep Field?
How will the luminosity of the current very near supernova Ia "PTF 11kly" develop in the next weeks and why?
"Reverse engineering" of a horoscope?
Color Variation in RR Lyrae
Why does Jupiter emit more energy than it receives?
How can Voyager 1 escape gravity of moons and planets?
Where does a star's angular momentum go as its spin slows down?
Can I determine whether it is night at a location by calculating only the sun's elevation?
Which citizen-science astrophysics and astronomy projects currently exist?
Are the inner planets on planar orbits because there was more dust in the inner solar system (early on in planetary accretion)?
Stellar Viscosity in Galaxies
Formula for getting time of sunrise at a particular location?
Why do we always see the same side of the Moon?
Why are jets not commonly found in spiral galaxies?
Will the universe reach zero mass?
What does ionization of neutral Hydrogen have to do with "transparency"?
Exoplanet detection via space-based parasol
Why did the WMAP mission last so much longer than Planck?
Can we see ALL of the observable universe?
Which is the heaviest present day lifter (rocket)? And is it comparable to the Saturn V rocket?
What is the current evaluation of a sky map application for mobile devices?
When do natural leap years occur, on years based on the northern winter solstice?
What demonstrations for a five-hour optical and radio astronomy workshop?
How can I visualize a gas giant?
What effects will the heliosheath have on the Voyager spacecraft?
Telescope for 6 year old and dad new to astronomy
Remnant of a supernova
Automated telescope system
Have Sterling Engines Been Used In Outer Space?
Are there any known neutron stars just below the Tolman–Oppenheimer–Volkoff limit?
Is the Milky Way significantly easier to see by astronauts?
The Sun as a gravitational lens
Where can I find information for how to create amateur radio telescope?
Is dark matter around the Milky Way spread in a spiral shape (or, in a different shape)?
How far into space does one have to travel to see the entire sphere of earth?
What is a good introductory text to astronomy
Equation for calculating the Sun's position 
Balmer lines and their positions
Lumped circuit model of Earth and Sun as a thermal system
Refraction and scattered light for NLCs
Tropical year is 27s/year off from Gregorian year?
How to get started in Astronomy (UK based)
Maximum depth for bacteria on rogue planets
Creating/Downloading a large Galaxy Dataset
If a hot Jupiter was not tidally locked, then are there any specific cases where its wind speeds would be milder than those found on Jupiter?
Could many widely separated space telescopes be combined for VLBI on IR/visible wavelengths?
Do we have an idea about the amount of matter in the universe?
Emission line width units
Is it possible to make a hydrogen-alpha solar scope?
Why are there not many detectable supernovae?
Could there be more universes?
Why is the measured distance to the Triangulum Galaxy much more uncertain than to the Andromeda Galaxy?
Can we see a spaceship falling into a black hole and entering the event horizon?
Quality loss when adding more components to a telescope?
Names, maps for Milky Way dust clouds? (Dark Cloud Constellations)
What is the cosmic "Axis of Evil" problem?
What is the physical origin of scintillation?
How to make a moondial?
Mass/light ratio of galaxies
Stability of moons around tidally locked exoplanets
Why do clusters of stars eventually dissipate?
Figuring out which moons of Jupiter I saw through my telescope
What is behind the cosmological horizon barrier?
Are we going to be able to travel trough space deforming the space-time?
What is an approximation of the average number of supernovae every century in the Milky Way?
Does the universe have a center?
Io - Turned inside out
Are telescopes with a concave lens useful for astronomy?
Calculating the Suns vector and distance from the Earth at one time
Name for celestial "Prime Meridian"?
Does the current light pollution set a fundamental limit for the range of Earth-based telescopes?
Applying the Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics to astrophysical objects
How many Pluto sized planetoids have been discovered?
What sort of equipment would I need to take a photo like this?
How fast will the sun become a red giant?
Why isn't sunset time in sync with solstice?
How to measure the diameter of a star?
How did the radiative flux of each gas giant planet change with respect to time (since their formation)?
Calculating the illumination of the moon
How to correct flares and sharply focus on my telescope when viewing planets.
Is angular resolution important when we want the spectra of an Earth-like exoplanet?
What makes us think we can actually detect gravitational waves?
How do the terms comet, asteroid, meteoroid, meteor and meteorite differ?
Why is the universe map shaped like an oval?
sun-moon-earth anomaly
Black Hole Photon Sphere
How much sky do we see at any one moment?
When the Sun goes red giant, will it "vaporize" away a significant fraction of Jupiter and Saturn moons?
Is there evidence of dark matter in our galaxy?
Impact of gravity on bone structure
If neutrinos travel faster than light, how much lead time would we have over detecting supernovas?
How much energy does a super nova generate?
How can we know, today, that there's something from 100 light-years from here?
Is the Apophis asteroid a concern?
Impact location that created the moon
Why don't stars in globular clusters all orbit in the same plane?
Polar ice deposits on the Moon - dispersed in permafrost loose rubble, or also massive/layered?
Predicting solar storms?
What is stopping us from stick building a space station?
How can Y-dwarf stars have such a low temperature?
What keeps galaxies united like a solar system?
Did I see two Milky Ways next to each other?
What is the density of stars near the center of the Milky Way?
Can a neutron star compress until it's converted to a black hole?
Where are the Voyagers going?
Which direction before dawn to look for Comet Lovejoy (C/2011 W3)?
Pulsar beam radiant intensity distribution
How are exoplanets confirmed?
Computing Planetary Positions
Where will New Horizons go after sailing past Pluto?
Galaxies that are newer than our own one
If the Earth didn't rotate, how would a Foucault pendulum work?
Is there an algorithm to find the time when the sun is X degrees above the horizon for a given latitude B at date C?
Does the dark matter halo rotate with the galaxy?
What examples are there of fuzzy concepts in astronomy?
A Fermi-question: Are there more stars than grains of sand?
What objects/states of objects with absolute magnitude do we know of?
Particular targets of high angular resolution infrared telescopes
What was the apparent magnitude of the June 15th 2011 lunar eclipse?
How do we know the masses of single stars?
Distribution of each element and molecule as a function of distance from the Sun and as a function of time
How exactly does time slow down near a black hole?
Does the Earth help stabilize changes in the moon's obliquity as well?
What would happen if the polar ice caps of Mars melted?
Software for creating custom star charts?
Creating a Star Map
Why doesn't the Earth release you as soon as you escape it?
How big is the Solar System?
Is CO2 really a potent greenhouse gas for planets around M dwarfs?
What is the fate of the asteroid belt?
How bright are auroras (aurorae)?
What prevents stars in globular clusters from merging over time to form a black hole?
Which current big Earth-based telescopes are equipped with adaptive optics?
Why does a black hole have a finite mass?
What telescope would I need to observe Mars's polar caps?
Is there a consensus on the fate of our universe?
Are there any Earth-Meteorites on Earth?
Should I be concerned about spot corrosion on a telescope's primary mirror?
Could the earth have another moon?
Why aren't space probes like New Horizons sped up in space?
Why doesn't a close comet like Elenin look like other, famous comets (Hale Bopp, Halley...), which have nice, long trails?
Can you damage your eyes viewing Venus?
Can the Hubble telescope bring any star into focus?
What is the simplest way to prove that Earth orbits the Sun?
How long would it take to scan the visible universe for unique signals?
How to care for a Dobsonian around the ocean?
Do red galaxies have red star-lit skies?
Is a rogue 'exoplanet' classed as a exoplanet?
Is a water world possible, and for how long could it be stable?
What is the name of this galaxy in HCG7?
How do you transform between theoretical Hertzsprung-Russell Diagrams and Colour-Magnitude Diagrams?
Could dark energy be linked to dark flow?
Is there any chance we could eventually observe the supernova of the first (Population III) stars
Stellar evolution simulation engine or software
Significance of letters in Hertzsprung-Russell (H-R) diagram
Where do the bipolar jets of black holes come from?
Do days and months on the Moon have names?
Do stars of higher metallicity have more planets in highly-inclined Pluto-like orbits?
Why is there still radiation left from the Big Bang now?
All significant objects in the universe?
Convert ECI coordinates to latitude/longitude?
Temperature of WIMPs
How does the winter solstice relate to the "longest night"
Are there formulae for calculating stellar luminosity and effective temperature as a function of age?
How to explain the Moon halo phenomenon?
Why do rockets need a cosmic ray detector?
Will Neptune change Pluto's orbit some day?
Solar system, visible stars and deep sky objects
Missing radio source coordinates in G/T measurement technique ITU-R S.733.2
What is the minimum magnification needed for an instrument to see all the Messier objects?
What proportion of a star's hydrogen is consumed in its life?
Parallax Cloud Displacement - Angular Distance from Geostationary Satellite
Falling into Saturn or Jupiter, would we pass through it until we hit the nucleus?
The orbit of 2010 TK7
Why is a new moon not the same as a solar eclipse?
Is the CMB rest frame special? Where does it come from?
2012: Is there some astronomical event happening?
Can Vesta dominate the orbits of other asteroids?
Cassini: What information could be gained from the 2017 impact with Saturn?
Are there trends in the number of meteors in a shower year on year?
Why is the surface of Venus so hot?
Would it be interesting or useful to map objects' current (predicted) locations?
Identifying objects, for dummies
Why are some galaxies flat?
Vesta dwarf planet status
When will Enceladus run out of water?
How can the date of lunar eclipses be calculated by hand?
What is lighting up Space Shuttle Endeavour's main engines?
Use of advanced mathematics in astronomy, like topology, abstract algebra, or others
Given a photo of the Moon, taken from Earth, is it possible to calculate the position of the photographer's site?
What does Orion's Belt look like from the Equator?
Was Aristarchos' method to compute Earth-Sun distance ever rediscovered in medieval or modern times?
Two planets in same orbit - not planets?
Anti-Matter Black Holes
What to show a beginner
Universe Expansion
Why did the june 2011 lunar eclipse last so long?
Could two colliding comets near Earth cause devastation?
Celestron NexStar 6 SE vs. Orion XT8
"Blue Bumper" Stars
What are the best astronomy blogs and podcasts?
Are orbits interior to Jupiter's orbit less stable than orbits exterior to Jupiter's orbit?
Has everything we see happened in the past?
What is the weekly average of coronal mass ejections the sun sends out?
What is the best evidence/theory about the first generation of stars
How does the average Mars-Jupiter distance compare with the average Earth-Jupiter distance?
Do all the individual stars that we can see in the night sky belong to Milky Way?
What are the minimum telescope requirements to view a nice spiral galaxy?
What free software is there for observing the sky (sky map software)
Silicon-based life
Is building your own reflector telescope worth it?
What is the official difference between a planet and a dwarf planet?
Population I and II stars
How could I translate a field of view value into a magnification value?
Do nearby gamma ray busts/supernova damage more than just the ozone layer?
What is the position and orientation of the Earth as a function of time
Relationship between the cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation and the visible universe
Could there be a sort of "Molecular Destiny"?
What is so special about iron?
Why did population III stars lack planets?
Why do the stars in the galaxy core move so fast?
Why is there a limit to the intensity of cosmic rays at low energies?
Recommended first accessories for starblast 4.5
What possible science could we do during the 2012 Venus transit?
How bright will an asteroid be?
Why are our planets in the solar system all on the same disc/plane/layer?
Most accurate ways to find the average distance between stars in Milky way galaxy
At what distance could you see andromeda with the naked eye?
How to identify the objects in an astrophoto, and what portion of the sky it covers?
How does the central peak in moon craters form?
What are the chances that a deadly asteroid will hit Earth in the next decade?
Why doesn't our solar system run into other solar systems over billions of years?
How do I find the time for Pleiades to be at Zenith today
Theoretically, can a black hole collapse until it gets smaller than its Schwarzschild radius?
Where to find Lunar Eclipse data
Could dark energy be the effect of gravity at great distances?
How could they tell things weigh a sixth of their "Earth weight" on the moon?
What distinguishes a moon from orbiting space debris? Or in other words, when is a satellite "too small" to be a moon?
From Computational Astrophysics to Finance
Could a neutron star be active, fusioning neutrons into something more dense and releasing constant power?
Error analysis of flux from telescope-CCD setup (photometric calibration)
Where to get hard historical and trend data related to reentry of satellites like UARS
Astronomy experiments for amateurs
What are the facts that allow accepting the Oort cloud theory?
What are the known relationships between rotation of planets/moons and their distance to Sun?
Mass of a galaxy via luminosity
Why did the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter form as it did?
Phases of the moon video
Need help buying binoculars online for astronomy (10x50)
How are interplanetary trajectories found?
Galaxies seen from Earth
What makes a supermassive black hole move through space?
Is there any way to judge whether a bolide might produce a meteorite?
Existing photometry data of the open star cluster Cepheus OB3?
If you focus in on one image, is combining two telescopes really equivalent to a larger mirror?
How are galaxy filaments formed? And do they have any analogues in stellar formation?
Looking for a resource that explains all colors and shapes of stars and galaxies
Could the cosmic microwave background radiation (CMBR) map be used as a backup for GPS navigation?
How much detail can telescopes actually provide?
What determines a progenitor's fate as a spiral or elliptical?
In astronomy what phenomena have theory predicted before observations?
Standards for scientific metadata in common-use image formats?
What will the universe look like for anyone falling into a black hole?
Sky projections in sky view software
Telescope "blue book"
Is the observable region of the universe within the event horizon of a super-massive black hole?
Why is the universe so organized?
Is it safe to observe the sun through binoculars with welding glass in front?
Is the "Great Attractor" an indicator of the "Multiverse"?
What would happen to Earth if Saturn were to exit the Solar System?
Next crescent moon?
How to find the Andromeda galaxy without using a go-to telescope?
What will we see between the CMB and the current oldest object seen?
New Type of Type Ia supernova. Implications to Dark Energy measurement?
Gravity of a disc
Issues with Celestron 130 SLT and shaking
Fall/Winter Viewing
Can the "Milky Way" galaxy be seen by the naked eye in a clear sky?
What's the most accepted theory for Blue Stragglers These Days?
How can one predict the length of the Synodic month? Why is it irregular?
Is there a correlation between the mass of a supermassive black hole and the mass of its host galaxy?
How do I use this 'Horizon Observatory'?
What are the differences in using an eyepiece with a barlow instead of a shorter eyepiece?
Best observing techniques for a Total Lunar Eclipse?
How fast is the Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation (CMBR) changing?
How does the view of night sky change as the Sun orbits around the Milky Way?
Is there such a thing as "North" in outerspace?
What is the format for "local catalog" files used by JSkyCat?
Do the stars imaged by a telescope even exist at present?
Why do we need the concept of dark energy to explain the expansion of the universe?
How can a Population III star be so massive?
Is there a way to create an artificial solar eclipse?
What is the mass of the LEGO figurines being launched with spacecraft Juno?
Are our telescopes capable of taking actual images of brown dwarfs?
What is the most convenient rocket engine to use exclusively in space?
Are Uranus and Neptune too big for their location?
What would a rotating black-hole look like to a "geo-stationary" observer orbiting the black hole
Why did the ancients fail to discover that the Earth orbits the Sun?
Spectral energy distribution fitting tools or routines
Why are stars, planets and larger moons (approximately) spherical in shape (like, the Sun, the Moon, the Earth, and other planets)?
The Bahtinov focusing mask
Is the moon a planet?
The collision of Phobos
Why don't any of the gas giants have moons of Earth's mass (or greater) that orbit them? Is this generalizable to exoplanet gas giants?
Confusing description of Orions belt, could someone clarify?
Are there certain alignments in planetary orbits that create interesting effects in the moons or planets?
Detecting dim objects
Is it possible to see satellites with the naked eye?
Interstellar bodies
Planets capable of life: dead or still alive?
How dense are nebulae?
November 25th 2011 partial solar eclipse visibility from Christchurch, New Zealand
How does space affect the human body (no space suit, no space craft)
Why are binary objects so critical to astronomy?
What happens to light that falls into a black hole?
Is Jupiter a failed star?
What exactly is the definition of motion and its relation to Mach's conjecture? 
Why does Omega Centauri have a distinct chemical signature from the rest of the Milky Way?
Can CMEs disturb a planet orbit?
Meteorites from Mars?
What would the universe look like if it started out without any irregularities?
Transit of Mercury: how did he see it?
What is the irregularity in Uranus' orbit that is caused by Neptune?
Difference between baryonic, inertial and gravitational mass? (and relation to dark matter)
Why are spacecraft made to "spin" after launch?
Is there any way to anticipate exceptional Aurora Borealis viewing conditions?
Is it true that our solar system belongs to another galaxy which collides with the milky way galaxy?
Did physical models of galaxies come before they were actually observed?
Sky-Watcher Skyhawk 1145P SynScan AZ GOTO
What does a planet look like in the infrared?
Why is 1 AU the distance between the Sun and the Earth?
How big (compared to our moon) would Saturn look from Titan's surface?
Is There Reddening on Objects Other than the Moon Upon Entry into Earth's Umbra?
Determining cloud cover from observer to near the horizon
Axial tilt and precession rate of exoplanets
Which way do spiral galaxies rotate?
How would we tell antimatter galaxies apart?
Are meteorites igneous, sedimentary or metamorphic rocks?
Have scientists been able to find an example of a possible White Hole?
What sort of propulsion would we require for interstellar travel?
Is water necessary for forming the sedimentary rocks found on Mars' surface?
What did general relativity clarify about Mercury?
Curvature of the Universe imaginary?
What is the strongest evidence that anti-matter exists?
Computing period, semi-major axis of binary
What percent of planets are in the position that they could be viewed edge-on from Earth? (and thus able to undergo transits)
Can the Hanbury-Brown and Twiss effect be used to measure the size of composite objects like galaxies?
What is the simplest way to prove the Earth is round?
Given that matter cannot escape a black hole, how did the big bang produce the universe we see today?
How can I vizualize and understand curved spaces in general relativity?
Why don't we have a better telescope than the Hubble Space Telescope?
How plausible is a subsurface ocean on Pluto?
Metal Dilemma: Only very few civilizations per galaxy
Can a moon have another large body as a satellite, and are there any examples of such?
How do we determine what distant planets, stars etc are made of?
How long does it take to travel 36 light years with tolerable acceleration and deceleration?
How will the super massive black hole affect our galaxy?
Are there any practical applications of the uncertainty principle
How to adjust feather touch focuser for collimation?
For resolving different objects, are there any alternative coefficients to the one used in the Rayleigh criterion? (which is 1.22)
Can a minimum ultimate tensile strength (UTS) for an asteroid be established based on its diameter and rotation?
Can black holes actually merge?
What does velocity dispersion (sigma) reveal about a galaxy?
What is the largest observed celestial body?
What was the most distant supernova spotted by a amateur astronomer until today?
Funding opportunities for an independent researcher
Curiosity Rover (MSL): specification / dimensions
Did Penzias and Wilson use Wein's law (or data based on it) to determine the temperature of CMB?
How far would you need to displace your eyes to get meaningful depth perception of the stars?
Are planetary orbits measured from the Sun's surface or centre?
Can neutrino detectors tell what direction the neutrinos came from?
Why is oxygen the third most abundant element?
How are new nebulae being created?
What is exactly the density of a black hole and how can it be calculated?
Vision vs. limiting magnitude
How did micrometeorite flux change with the age of the solar system?
Amateur Stargazing (30 degrees N)
How to concisely explain apparent retrograde motions of planets?
What is a Hot Flow Anomaly, and can we see the terrestrial ones?
Novice interested in buying a used telescope. What questions should I ask?
Why doesn't helium start to fuse while there is still hydrogen fuel?
Why does the debris from comets and former comets hang around so long?
What could this very dark planet be made of?
Is it possible to look into the beginning of the Universe?
Why is the observable universe so big?
Mass of Milky Way Supermassive Black Hole
What if our Sun were located in the middle of a globular cluster?
Has a human ever perished in space?
Accuracy and assumptions in deriving the Tully-Fisher relation
If we were to travel through space (sci-fi style), how close to the false-color images would the galaxies we see be?
How much gas is in elliptical galaxies?
Where can I find a list of when I can see something in the sky?
Shadow of a Jovian moon over the Great Red Spot
Are there Trojan family or Hilda family satellites locked in Earth's orbit?
Are we capable of discovering planets in the Andromeda galaxy?
Near-Earth supernova
What will happen if a gamma-ray burst hits the Earth?
Is there an established standard for naming exoplanets?
Does anybody actually do astrometry in the 21st century?
Advice sought on choosing a camera for a Meade LX10
Who has succeeded in demonstrating the Lense-Thirring effect?
For the long-term evolution of atmosphere/orbit, when is perihelion more important than mean distance?
If I shine a bright light on a neutron star, what would it look like?
On what planar regions are the Earth, Moon.. for that matter, all astronomical bodies, placed in the Universe?
How can you calculate the exact position of the Earth taking into account the gravitational attraction of Mars and the Sun?
What is Hawking radiation and how does it cause a black hole to evaporate?
How much of sky can be seen on a typical night from a mid-latitude location?
What is the extent of the universe?
How to determine day/night based on latitude, longitude and a date/time?
Best time of the year to see the star Alpha Centauri in Chile, Santiago
What are some molecules stable in outer space that are unstable under terrestrial conditions?
Formula for Rotation curves of Galaxies
Why can there be fire in space while there is no oxygen?
Lack of exoplanet missions in the decadal survey
Relation between isophotal radius and virial radius in spiral galaxies?
How is it that some nebulae are rotating and others are not?
Could Jupiter's gravity destabilize Earth's artificial satellites over a long timescale?
What's in my box?
Why Aren't Saturn's Rings Clumping into Moons?
Light years and redshift from our point of view. How can we see it?
Liquid Water in "mid-ice" on Europa. Mechanism?
Biggest crater in the Solar System
What are the easiest ways to get data out of a FITS file without a library?
Code to sample from & integrate light of a cluster?
What happens when astronomical bodies made up of Dark Matter collapse or collide?
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory (SAO) star catalog
What is the orbital path of Omega Centauri?
Is it possible that I just saw Jupiter's moons?
How to locate the Orion Nebula?
Atmospheric interference and ground based stellar observations
Photographs of galaxies many light years far from the Earth
Ring height stats?
Is it easier to learn more about the seasonal changes in an exoplanet's atmosphere when the exoplanet orbits a binary star system?
Could there be a body of water the size of a planet?
May 20th Annular Eclipse - Duration from Vancouver?
Why can't Jupiter be seen over Thanksgiving break?
How much of the Earth would a spoonful of the Sun scorch?
Can we model gravitation as a repulsive force?
How do we determine the mass of a black hole?
How long does it take for radio or light waves to travel from Earth to Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto?
Would the time dilation from being in low orbit around a black hole delay/slow the effects of quantum tunneling?
What happens to light and mass in the center of a black hole?
Cosmic background radiation vs superfluids
What is the average distance between objects in our asteroid belt?
Is there any scientific evidence that demonstrates why time passes?
Is there more mass in stars or interstellar medium?
Where can I find information on space navigation, and the people who pioneered it?
Why don't we see solar and lunar eclipses often?
Energy and Matter
What is this shadow of the Sun on the Moon?
Can extraterrestials detect our messages?
Why are there more vertical takeoff than horizontal for spacecrafts?
Does gravity travel at the speed of light?
Andromeda/Milky Way collision: How, and how accurately, can a galaxy's lateral velocity be measured?
Are there planets that do not rotate on their axis?
Could asteroseismology have a significant potential to unravel the mechanisms of solar cycles that last thousands of years?
Does Celestia take the lunar orbit precession into account?
What's the difference between a red giant and a red supergiant?
The Moon during the day
How do we know the temperature on the planets?
Why is Jupiter so sharply defined?
Does the sun cross over a given meridian line every day at the same time?
How to calculate how many degrees the Sun is from the horizon?
Sky-Watcher Skymax-127 (AZ) 127mm (5") f/1500 SynScan GO-TO Maksutov-Cassegrain Telescope
Does a reference or classification standard for altitude classifications of geocentric orbits exist?
How do we know Dark Matter is non-baryonic?
Why can't dark matter be black holes?
Rocket needed to send 100 gram of mass to outer space?
What's the reason for the seasons?
RA/dec to Alt/Az program or method
Why can I never see any stars in the night sky?
Calculating distance to an asteroid on a given day
How to calculate the amount of night time during a flight?
Why does work equal force times distance?
Calculations of apparent magnitude
Characters of $\widehat{\mathfrak{su}}(2)_k$ and WZW coset construction
What is the current state of research into $v$-representability?
Counting complete sets of mutually unbiased bases composed of stabilizer states
Does the complex 3-sphere have a complex structure modulus?
Some questions about the BCFW reduction
Minimal strings and topological strings
False vacuum in axiomatic QFT
Do bipartite spin glasses have simple relaxation dynamics?
6d Massive Gravity
Miura transform for W-algebras of exceptional type
What are some critiques of Jaynes' approach to statistical mechanics?
Quantum statistics of branes
Renormalization in string theory
What makes background gauge field quantization work?
Graduate School for Theoretical Physics
Connections and applications of SLE in physics
Intuitive sketch of the correspondence of a string theory to its limiting quantum field theory
Lorentz force in Dirac theory and its classical limit
Values of SM parameters at one certain scale
Topological twists of SUSY gauge theory
"tmf$(n)$ is the space of supersymmetric conformal field theories of central charge $-n$"
Examples of number theory showing up in physics
What is the use of a Universal-NOT gate?
What is the upper-limit on intrinsic heating due to dark matter?
Quantum computing and quantum control
$(\mu,P,T)$ pseudo-ensemble: why is it not a proper thermodynamic ensemble?
SuperHiggs Mechanism on different Backgrounds & Compactifications
Regularization of the Casimir effect
Limitations in using FLEX as a DMFT solver
Sympletic structure of General Relativity
How Fundamental is Spin-Orbit Coupling to Topological Insulators?
Stability of the vacuum state of interacting quantum fields
On-shell symmetry from a path integral point of view
Principle behind fidelity balance in quantum cloning
Does 4D ${\cal N} = 3$ supersymmetry exist?
Random Walk Randomly Reflected
Quasiparticles in Bohmian mechanics
What videos should everyone watch?
Lorentz transformation in light cone coordinates in string theory
Models of neutrinos consistent with OPERA's results
What is a good introduction to integrable models in physics?
random matrix ensembles from BMN model
Can the CPT theorem be valid if Lorentz invariance is only spontaneously broken?
Instantons and Non Perturbative Amplitudes in Gravity
Literature on fractal properties of quasicrystals
Physical interpretation to the category of CFTs
Shape of the state space under different tensor products
Local Fermionic Symmetry
Decoherence and measurement in NMR
A solvable model for the finite rectangular potential well with a bump in the middle
What is a Hilbert space filter?
Topics in particle cosmology
Why is there no double counting of $s$- and $t$-channels in string theory?
Sub and super multiplicativity of norms for understanding non-locality
Models of higher Chern-Simons type
Measure of Lee-Yang zeros
In what sense are loop diagrams quantum corrections?
Gauge invariance for electromagnetic potential observables in test function form
Supersymmetric Nonrenormalization Theorems
Extensions of DHR superselection theory to long range forces
Simulation of QED
AdS/CFT at D = 3
Is there precision experimental evidence for Furry's theorem -- that only even degree VEVs are non-zero?
Convergence of quantum effective action to finite loop order
Is there a theorem that says that QFT reduces to QM in a suitable limit? A theorem similar to Ehrenfest's theorem?
Poisson structure on moduli space of CFTs
Is string theory local?
A certain gluon scattering amplitude
What are some ways to (approximately) symbolically diagonalize Hamiltonian operator?
What is the Holevo-Schumacher-Westmoreland capacity of a Pauli channel?
Global symmetry in string theory
Poincare Symmetry in QFT
Depolarizing threshold for CSS codes
Fluctuations of an interface with hammock potential
Modern avatar of Englert's solution?
Why does charge conservation due to gauge symmetry only hold on-shell?
Spectrum of Free Strings
What is a "free" non-Abelian Yang-Mill's theory?
Infinity of running couplings
Spekkens Toy Model, Internal Comonoids
What is the state-of-the-art on spacelike singularities in string theory?
Instantons, anomalies, and 1-loop effects
Fourier Methods in General Relativity
How does a geodesic equation on an n-manifold deal with singularities?
From Manifold to Manifold?
Does entropy measure extractable work?
Systematic approach to deriving equations of collective field theory to any order
Covariant derivatives
Is the Lagrangian of a quantum field really a 'functional'?
Unitarity of S-matrix in QFT
The difference between projection operators and field operators in QFT?
Simple question on the foundations of spin foam formalism
Derivatives of fluctuations about a condensate
Time reversal symmetry and T^2 = -1
Phase diagram of simplified QCD
Is there a recognised standard for typesetting quantum mechanical operators?
What Hermitian operators can be observables?
Linearizing Quantum Operators
State of Matrix Product States
Interesting topics to research in mathematical physics for undergraduates
The derivation of the Belinfante-Rosenfeld tensor
Applications of Geometric Topology to Theoretical Physics
Mathematical Physics Book Recommendation
Instantons and Borel Resummation
Bell polytopes with nontrivial symmetries
Derivation of Eq. 7.12 in the review paper of Kraus
Dual Pairs in Four Dimensions
Information Retrieval
Derivation of the basic equation for Witten diagrams
Possible research implications of proof of John Cardy's a-theorem in QFT
Many body quantum states analyzed as probabilistic sequences
Choice and identification of vacuums in AdS/CFT
direct sum of anyons?
Where does the hidden supersymmetric sector of the MSSM come from?
A question from Ticcati's red QFT textbook.
The Schwinger model
Sampling typical clusters between distant points in subcritical percolation
Spatial and polarizing beam splitters in a graphical calculus
ATLAS Higgs Interpretation
Some questions on a version of the O'Raifeartaigh model
Physical interpretation of superstrings
Asymptotic Completeness, generalized free fields, and the relationship of thermodynamics with infinity
Physical interpretation of different selfadjoint extensions
Group of symmetries of Lagrange's equations
Hypersingular Boundary Operator in Physics
Uniqueness of supersymmetric heterotic string theory
Papers and preprints worth reading, Jan-midFeb 2012
"gauge fixed world-sheet action"
Kähler potential vs full effective potential
Some questions about the spectral function
Applications of delay differential equations
Two charged black holes in equilibrium
Lagrangian for Euler Equations in general relativity
Time Evolution of a Manifold Embedding
What is the importance of studying degeneration on $M_g$
Quantum mechanics as a Markov process
Source term of the Einstein field equation
Relationship between Weak Cosmic Censorship and Topological Censorship
fitting free QFTs into the Haag-Kastler algebraic formulation
Chern-Simons theory
How can one build a multi-scale physics model of fluid flow phenomena?
Phase Transition in the Ising Model with Non-Uniform Magnetic Field
Examples of heterotic CFTs
Analog Hawking radiation
Significance of the hyperfinite $III_1$ factor for axiomatic quantum field theory
Is ghost-number a physical reality/observable?
Does it make sense to speak of amplitudes of finite closed boundaries in QFT?
Could motives aid in the study of the Navier-Stokes equations?
Is there a Majorana-like representation for singlet states?
Experimental test of the non-statisticality theorem?
CHSH violation and entanglement of quantum states
Consideration of static atomic displacements in electronic structure calculations
Can symmetry generators be used for quantization?
Relativistic center of mass
Wilson/Polyakov loops in Weinberg's QFT books
Dimensional Regularization Integral Formula
Status of the little hierarchy problem
Super Lie-infinity algebra of closed superstring field theory?
What do theoretical physicists need from computer scientists?
What evidence do we have for S-duality in N=4 Super-Yang-Mills?
Is this a simple Lie algebra?
Why/When can the gauge superfield and/or chiral superfield kinetic term in $(2,2)$ SUSY be ignored?
BPS states : Mathematical definition
Why isn't the Gear predictor-corrector algorithm for integration of the equations of motion symplectic?
Are there rigorous constructions of the path integral for lattice QFT on an infinite lattice?
Spectrum of a quantum relativistic "distance squared" operator
From vertex function to anomalous dimension
The Paper by Fateev and Zamolodchikov
Defining the ground state energy of a QFT
What proof techniques have failed for solving the SIC-POVM problem and what new insights have been gleaned from them?
Geometric entropy vs entanglement entropy (dependent on curvature coupling parameter)
Virasoro constraints in quantization of the Polyakov action
Status of large-scale structure formation within cosmology today
What Shannon channel capacity bound is associated to two coupled spins?
"finite" QFTs and short-distance singularities and vanishing beta functions
Functional relations for Kochen-Specker proofs
Advice on doing physics under the umbrella of mathematics and the converse
What methods are there to deal with quantum spatiotemporal chaos?
How to prove quantum N=4 Super-Yang-Mills is superconformal?
Instanton Moduli Space with a Surface Operator
Discussions of the axioms of AQFT
Are lens spaces classified via a Weinberg angle?
Mermin-Wagner theorem in the presence of hard-core interactions
Renormalization of the R-charge?
String landscape in different dimensions
On the Coulomb branch of ${\cal N}=2$ supersymmetric gauge theory
Visualization of 1D spin chain wave fuction
Stabilizer formalism for symmetric spin-states?
Gauge invariant scalar potentials
Introduction to neutron star physics
A nice overview (and maybe derivation) of the Poincaré transformations of the Vector Spherical Harmonics
Quantum mechanics as classical field theory
Metric interpretation of self-adjoint extensions?
Normalization of the Chern-Simons level in $SO(N)$ gauge theory
Uniqueness of the 5 string theories
POVMs that do not require enlargement of the Hilbert space
General Relativity research and QFT in curved spacetime
Classic mass predictions from Left-Right models with discrete symmetries?
Negative probabilities in quantum physics
Which exact solutions of the classical Yang-Mills equations are known?
Holographic Renormalization in non-AdS/non-CFT
Applications of the Feynman-Vernon Influence Functional
Analyticity and Causality in Relativity
Derivation of the effective potential between a quark and an anti-quark
What is the connection between extra dimensions in Kaluza-Klein type theories and those in string theories?
Uniqueness of eigenvector representation in a complete set of compatible observables
Feynman rules with helicity states.
Equivalence of definitions of ADM Mass
Matrix geometry for F-strings
Representation on Hilbert space of the product of two symmetry transformations
Tip of a spreading wave-packet: asymptotics beyond all orders of a saddle point expansion
Interplay between the cosmological constant and "microscopic" properties of string vacua
Low-energy gluodynamics as a string
Random bond Ising model and computational efficiency
Nuclear physics from perturbative QFT
realization of: CFT generating fuction = AdS partition function
Twistors in Curved Spacetime
Torsion and gauge invariant EM kinetic term
How to interpret vacuum instability of Higgs potential
Readable books on advanced topics
Geometric Langlands as a partially defined topological field theory
Some more questions about the BCFW reduction
Multiqubit state tomography by performing measurement in the same basis
Reduced density matrices for free fermions are thermal
Are possible gauge fields in a Lagrangian theory always determined by the structure of the charged degrees of freedom?
Is the distinction between the Poincaré group and other internal symmetry groups artificial?
Tree level QFT and classical fields/particles
Significance of massive states in string theory
Is there a background independent closed string field theory?
Onsager's Regression Hypothesis, Explained and Demonstrated
Quivers in String Theory
What are the justifying foundations of statistical mechanics without appealing to the ergodic hypothesis?
Where do theta functions and canonical Green functions appear in physics
Which arguments for $m_u \approx 0$ are still in the market?
What is a simple intuitive way to see the relation between imaginary time (periodic) and temperature relation?
Wilson Loops in Chern-Simons theory with non-compact gauge groups
N=2 SSM without a Higgs
Matlab package: graphical calculus for quantum operations (esp. linear optics)
Rigorous justification for rotating wave approximation
Causality and operationalism: from sets and functions to monads
$\pm$ (light-cone?) notation in supersymmetry
What does Gribov's last paper tell about coloured states?
Looking for description of Helstrom's measurement
Why can't noncontextual ontological theories have stronger correlations than commutative theories?
Vasiliev Higher Spin Theory and Supersymmetry
Pauli-Villars (PV) regularisation breaks supersymmetry. How to see that?
Quantum gravity at D = 3
Constructing a CP map with some decaying property
Majorana-like representation for mixed symmetric states?
Can the concurrence be calculated in terms of the entanglement of formation?
Technical naturalness of Yukawa couplings
Any use for $F_4$ in hep-th?
Scherk-Schwarz and other compactifications?
Kerr Geometry, Separability and Twistors
Why is there no theta-angle (topological term) for the weak interactions?
Physics in high lepton chemical potential
Connections of iterative solvers for large systems of equation in Physics?
Renormalization Group for non-equilibrium
Superconformal Multiplet Calculus in 6D
Information geometry of 1D Ising model in complex magnetic field regime
Continuum theory from lattice theory
Cosmic bubble collision
Calculating correlation functions of exponentials of fields
Gauge invariance and the form of the Rarita-Schwinger action
Entanglement and conservation
Which are the simplest known contextual inequalities?
Do any entanglement measures for mixed states exist that use only single site correlation functions?
Rigorous proof of Bohr-Sommerfeld quantization
Is the universe a quantum computer - is light speed barrier a computational constraint
Quantum mechanical gravitational bound states
More general invariance of the action functional
Reference request: Susskind-Glogower original paper
Geometric quantization of identical particles
Optimality of the CHSH strategy
Classic Literature in Quantum Gravity?
Thermodynamic limit "vs" the method of steepest descent
General parameters of the stress energy tensor in local inertial frame
Post-doc advice for a low publication grad student
Higgs Field - Is its discovery truly "around the corner"? 
Do thermodynamic quantities in CFT correspond to something different in AdS/CFT?
Other processes than formal power series expansions in quantum field theory calculations
Quantum causal structure
QED as a Wightman theory of observable fields?  With a collision theory?
which letter to use for a CFT?
Quantum memories: What are they?
Modular invariance for higher genus
Why aren't the spin-3/2 fields in the (3/2,0)+(0,3/2) representation?
Is renormalization associated with a volume scale or with an energy-momentum and length scale?
Numerical Analysis of Elliptic PDEs
Relevance of SIC-POVMs to quantum information
status of +4/3 scalar as explanation of $t\bar t$ asymmetry
An odd relation with the epsilon/delta invariant tensors of SO(3)
Status of local gauge invariance in axiomatic quantum field theory
Which QFTs were rigorously constructed?
Renyi fractal dimension $D_q$ for non-trivial $q$
Analytic continuation of imaginary time Greens function in the time domain
Scaling solutions in context of Denef - Moore
Pohlmeyer reduction of string theory for flat and AdS spaces
What is the significance of the branch cut in renormalization group logarithms?
Convexity -- reference request
Partition Functions in (A)dS/CFT
Higgs mass and the hierarchy problem
Convert state Vectors to Bloch Sphere angles
An entropy of the Wigner function
Which is the coupling between the photon and the SU(2)xU(1) gauginos, before symmetry breaking?
Irrelevance of parastatistics for space dimension > 2
Massive excitations in Conformal Quantum Field Theory
Canonical averages in a Fermi gas aka generalized Fermi-Dirac distribution
Kraus operators for random unitary
Boundary conditions / uniqueness of the propagators / Green's functions
Length of publication cycle for peer-reviewed journals
precise definition of "moduli space"
String-theoretic significance of extended CFT
Generalized Complex Geometry and Theoretical Physics
Conformal QFTs for $D > 2$
Different kinds of S-matrices?
Question from Schutz's
About the definition/motivation/properties of the twisted chiral superfield in ${\cal N}=2$ theories in $1+1$ dimensions
Accurate quantum state estimation via "Keeping the experimentalist honest"
functional representations of free quantum fields
Mathematical rigorous introduction to solid state physics
Entanglement in time
Constructing a Hamiltonian (as a polynomial of $q_i$ and $p_i$) from its spectrum
Relativistic corrections to quantum mechanics of Coloumb potential
Higgs boson and string theory
Are there stable string theory vacua with non-minimal cosmological constant?
Why isn't there heterotic holographic QCD?
Comparison of different ab-initio codes
Explicit construction for unitary extensions of completely positive and trace preserving (CPTP) maps?
Solution to the Schrodinger equation for periodically time dependent Hamiltonians
Which CFTs have AdS/CFT duals?
The Role of Rigor
Gravitating sigma models
How Exactly Does Linear Regge Trajectories Imply Stability?
Allowed states vis-a-vis allowed dynamics in generalized probabilistic theories (GPTs)
How to write a paper in physics?
Which symmetric pure qudit states can be reached within local operations?
Asymptoticity of Pertubative Expansion of QFT
Does Kaluza-Klein theory successfully unify GR and EM? Why can't it be extended to the Standard Model gauge group?
Colour decomposition of $n-$gluon tree amplitude
matrix field theory
Orbits of maximally entangled mixed states
Quantum Field Theory from a mathematical point of view
Hilbert-Schmidt basis for many qubits - reference
Unknown quantum state with promise of classical data
Some questions about Wilson loops
What is the physical difference between states and unital completely positive maps?
AGT conjecture and WZW model
Information conservation during quantum measurement in $\psi$-epistemic interpretations
Heuristics for definitions of open and closed quantum dynamics
Geometric picture behind quantum expanders
How to prove equivalence of RG flow of QFT coupling constant and diagrammatic resummation at fixed renormalization scale?
Paper listing known Seiberg-dual pairs of N=1 gauge theories
experimental bounds on spacetime torsion
Expectation values of interacting fields
What is known about the classification of N=4 SCFTs with central charge 6?
Baryon asymmetry
Magnetic monopole and electromagnetic field quantization procedure
Operator norm directly from phase space representation of photonic quantum operator
Advanced topics in string theory
How much of the Capelli-Itzykson-Zuber ADE-classification of su(2)-conformal field theories can one see perturbatively?
Monte Carlo integration over space of quantum states
References for phase-transitions in supersymmetric field theory
A resource theory of quantum discord?
Edge theory of FQHE - Unable to produce Green's function from anticommutation relations and equation of motion?
Why Are Even and Odd Regge Trajectories Degenerate?
Do Gauge Theories (CFTs) Have Phase Transitions as the 't Hooft Coupling is Varied?
Do Killing spinors know global information?
Theoretical penetration limit for evanescent waves
partial trace with sparse matrices
How does one geometrically quantize the Bloch equations?
what compactifications of the Poincare group have been studied?
Kramers-Kronig relations for the electron Self-Energy Σ
States diagonal in the tensor product of Bell states.
Is a photon "fixed in spacetime"?
Would we feel the rotation of a rotating habitat?
Would the arms of a rotating ice skater still move outwards if there was no other object in the universe?
Simple: What do these ballistic impact numbers represent?
How much light is there in space and how heavy is it?
The energy of an electromagnetic wave
Direction of torque precession of a spinning wheel
Will a precessing spinning wheel fall down if there is no friction at all?
Zero divergence of energy-momentum tensor and gravitational energy
Electric circuit. Slight problem with the sign on voltages
Electricity & Magnetism - Is an electric field infinite?
Scale invariance in sandpile model and forest fire model
Introduction to Physical Content from Adjoint Representations
How was transformed an integral below?
The number of independent variables in the Lagrangian and Hamiltonian methods in Classical Mechanics
What distinguishes between physics and chemistry?
Temperature of the CMB when the Earth formed and the faint young Sun paradox
Brachistochrone problem for 3 points
Apparent non-aberration of gravitational waves
Why is there a $\frac 1 2$ in $\frac 1 2 mv^2$?
Branch-point twist fields and operator insertions on a Riemann manifold
Producing photons with same frequency, different amplitude wave
How to deterministically distinguish the following quantum states?
Polyakov action as broken symmetry effective action
Fermi statistics and Berry phase
How much water is destroyed in photosynthesis, relative to the world's supply?
Equipotential Contour mapping and making it 3D
is the voltage drop of a battery that is being short circuited the same as the battery's advertised voltige
How does a voltage independent current source work?
Why is force described as rate of change of momentum?
Backward causality: A question/extension to Ma et al.'s "Experimental delayed-choice entanglement swapping"
Can a force in an explicitly time dependent classical system be conservative?
Difference b/w Kinetics & Kinematics w/concrete example
Curvature of spacetime in only required to explain tidal forces?
Eigenvalue of $L_z$
Dynamics - Beginner question
A certain $\cal{N}=2$ superconformal theory (or is it?)
Angular momentum operator in terms of ladder operators
Pseudo-Superluminal Motion and the Synchronization of Clocks
Why is exhaling more forceful than inhaling?
Black Holes, New Branes and Stars
Black hole no-hair theorems vs. entropy and surface area
Particles for all forces: how do they know where to go, and what to avoid?
How much more effective is it to stir in both directions?
Can the spin of a photon change during its "life"?
Meaning of the phrase "dipole moment of the combination"
Before a once-warm lake starts to freeze, must its temperature be 4°C throughout at some point?
What is the time correlation function in the Green-Kubo formulation of ionic current?
Magnetic Permeability & Reluctance on old exam question
Why is Werner Heisenberg smiling?
How is the logarithmic correction to the entropy of a non extremal black hole derived?
What is the difference between an accelerometer and an inclinometer?
Interaction speed between electric charges and magnetic materials
How is it possible that we see light from shortly after the big bang?
Examples of exact many-body ground state wavefunction
Newton's Law of Gravitation, Gauss Law and GR
how does heat energy start to speed up a gas molecule?
Will a black hole increase the speed of sound above the speed of light in this medium
observation and implied time since creation
speed of sound relative to density of medium through which sound travels
What's the distinctions between Yang-Mills theory and QCD?
How to determine n equidistant vectors from point P in three dimensions
Solving for initial velocity required to launch a projectile to a given destination at a different height
Did anyone claim that quantum theory meant lasers would never work
Conservation of angular momentum in helicopter
The meaning of scale invariance in power law distribution
Should the cold drink come out of a free falling bottle with an open lid?
Would a sneeze by a cosmonaut in a spacesuit affect his movement?
What is the mechanical explanation for obstruction of motion by an object?
How do I relate the direction of a compass needle to the direction of a current?
Does the movement of things in the universe will cease one day?
The two faces of $F = m*a$
Toda equations and surface operator
In an alternating current, do electrons flow from the source to the device?
What fraction of electrons is captured in semiconductor defects?
Kinematics - concept question
Given entanglement, why is it permissible to consider the quantum state of subsystems?
'Applications' of surface tension
Poisson effect formula for large deformations
Boiling when I plunge my french press?
Is a black hole's surface area invariant for distant intertial observers?
$\pi$ and the Curvature of Space
Why is boiling water loud, then quiet?
About heat rate and dimensions convention
Finding Distance an Object Travels Up an Incline After Launch
What is the difference between contact-limited and space-charge-limited charge transport?
Entropy of a black hole can be zero?
Did Galileo offer an explanation why his law of falling bodies is independent of mass?
How do I determine a component of relative velocity?
Relation between water flow and pressure
Were there any efforts made by early physicists to discover and explain how composite bodies fall?
Why does it spark when I push a plug in the electrical socket?
The Black Hole Problem
Relationship between classical electromagnetic wave frequency and quantum wave function + de broglie frequency
Calculating mass of object by lifting edge
Existence Of Electric Field Lines
Why did Feynman's thesis almost work?
Describing quantum intereference with only currents and densities
Can the big bang be "light turning into space" at the edge of the universe?
Why the color motion picture film appears as black?
Why don't metals disintergrate in light?
How to interpret the continuity conditions in the PDEs (for example, Maxwell equations) originated in physics?
Angular momentum operator and expectation values
Behavior of shock waves at relativistic speeds
How does a star wobble due to orbiting bodies
Thermodynamics, bullet fired into ice
matter wave and wave function
Force in relation to stationary and non stationary objects
Does moving something horizontally in gravity do no work?
Does friction act in the same way in different directions?
Is the Graveyard Really so Serious?
Is the collapse of the wave function inherently time asymmetric?
Effect of a wavefront deformation on the far-field diffraction pattern of a TEM00
Sound waves through a glass filled with liquid
Quantum communication
Are gravitomagnetic monopoles hypothesized?
How do I simulate a constant velocity flow in porous media
10 Big Problems - Condensed Matter
What is the standard way to find averages of measurement values that contain statistic and systematic uncertainties?
Conservation of Energy in Special Relativity
What kinds of materials contract the most in cold temperatures?
Which main physics journals publish the main types of physics papers?
A certain regularization and renormalization scheme
About space-time and its four dimensions
CY moduli fields
Human perception of distance
How Light or Water Intensity is equal to square modulus of wave function of Light or Water Waves $I=|\psi|^2 \,$?
Gabriele Veneziano, strong nuclear force and beta-function
How is the dynamic equilibrium nature of fermi-dirac distribution of particles facilitated?
Integrating over a gauge field in the field integral formalism
Apollo and orbital mechanics: orbital decay if the Trans Earth Injection (TEI) burn had failed
How was Dorsey able to measure speed of light with 3 significant digits?
How many particles is needed to observe a phase transition?
Dirac's quantization rule
Why is matter drawn into a black hole not condensed into a single point within the singularity?
What kind of phases nanoparticles have (gas-solid-liquid)?
Central charge at the fixed point of the ${\cal N}=2$ Landau-Ginzburg theory in $1+1$ dimensions
Interpretation of the Random Schrödinger Equation
Gravity and Planck scale
Relation of energy to amplitude & frequency
quantization of this hamiltonian?
Schematic design of the apparatus (photoelectric effect)
Control system with equation C = A*x + B*dx/dt
Greatest volumetric heat capacity
Is space infinitely divisible?
Is the environment around an asteroid harsher than in interplanetary space?
Relationship between acceleration, velocity and position
Dielectric in a parallel plate capacitor
Proving that the weak hypercharge gauge field is not A
Cloud chamber video showing large particles - What are they?
Are right handed neutrinos actually antineutrinos and vice versa?
How calculate the angle to launch an object at the maximum distance?
Qualitative argument to determine energy of defects
Upper limit on the earthquake magnitude
Massless particle as a result of annihilation of "heavy" particles
Uncertainty principle in infinite potential well
Turning an Airplane. What actually causes the circular motion in a banked (roll) turn?
Why do we need the quantity momentum?
Why is a black hole black?
Reference needed for Iron-based superconductors
Trajectories using Polar Coordinates
Why is 'the period' marked as letter T?
Can lightning be used to solve NP-complete problems?
This sentence makes no sense, electrostatics and electrons moving in a conductor - current
How should I be thinking about tides?
What is the difference between quantum cryptography and quantum teleportation?
Resistance of superconducting wire in parrallel with standard wire
Orbit through L4 and L5
Can two particles remain entangled even if one is past the event horizon of a black hole?
Area law for Entropy in Loop Quantum Gravity
Hit a bottle of beer on the top with another causes the first to spit all the gas, why?
Why does the potential drop across a battery and resistor equal the emf of the battery?
When work is performed solely by magnetism, is there an equivalent loss of energy from the magnetic field?
Why does it require such little energy to create the fastest thing in the universe?
Could a solar flare cause the Earth's magnetic poles to reverse?
Would you die if you put your hands on a powerline?
What does the Fermi Energy really signify in a Semiconductor?
How do I find the tensor components of all weights of a representation of $SU(3)$, e.g. the six dimensional representation $(2,0)$?
how to calculate minimum torque a DC motor needs to move the wheels
Wigner-Eckart theorem of SU(3)
Turbulence parameterization from gravity - fluid dynamics correspondence
Finding wave-fuctions of a Dirac particle for given 4-momentum and spin 4-vector
How do they handle energy in magnets at LHC?
Why do sea levels not rise uniformly around the world?
Naive question about massive spin 2 particles and QFT
Why isn't the force modelled which confines excess charge to remain inside a conductor?
Defects in 3+1 TFTs/2+1 CFTs
U(1) Charged Fields
Does the mass of a body absorbing photons increase?
Is it possible to have a self-balancing system?
Does classical physics predict the effects of shining a laser at a hair?
Why don't massive water-borne animals crush under their own weight when they're in water?
Is a low-current electrical arc harmful to humans?
Is the "dimension" in dimensional analysis the same as the "dimension" in "three spatial dimensions"?
Why does the light bulb's brightness decrease?
Could ions emitted by an ion thruster represent any realistic danger?
Can a black hole form due to Lorentz contraction?
Any noise slowly starting to take effects?
Is a uniformly charged conducting plate the same as a uniformly charged conducting sheet?
Helium-4 superfluidity and gauge symmetry breaking
The speed of sound is proportional to the square root of absolute temperature. What happens at extremely high temperatures?
Can sound be separated from air?
Discrete version of Feynman path integrals
What's the relationship between an object's color and it's energy?
Are cosmic muons causing mutations or even influence evolutionary rate?
Galaxies Center
Solar Eclipse Viewing
Does dark energy affect asymptotic freedom?
Why connect cells in parallel?
Under what conditions a person can lift a car alone?
Goldstone's theorem and massless modes for $\phi^4$ theory
Is it safe for astronaut to do this "dangerous" movement?
Why does the creation operator take a continuum value for the momentum?
I have a slight problem understanding the concept of "work"?
When we throw an object in the presence of gravitational attraction is the mass of the object proportional to the time of fall or not?
Is there an easy way to show that $x^2-t^2=1/g^2$ for a (relativistic) body undergoing acceleration g?
Fundamentality of voltage to current
Is energy "destroyed" when walking?
Example of diffusion process without a gradient
How do I construct the $SU(2)$ representation of the Lorentz Group using $SU(2)\times SU(2)\sim SO(3,1)$ ?
How to obtain deconfined theory from an s-confined N=1 susy gauge theory?
Impervious nature of solid matter due to quantum degeneracy pressure
X-Ray crystallography using Bragg's Law
Trouble with the Lorentz law of force: Incompatibility with special relativity and momentum conservation?
Kepler problem in time: how do two gravitationally attracted particles move?
Bohr Model of the Hydrogen Atom - Energy Levels of the Hydrogen Atom
Reference for the ${\cal N}=3$ Chern-Simons Lagrangian at general $N_c$, $N_f$
Decay of Cobalt-60 isotope
Two particles interacting by a inverse-square-law force, find their positions in function of time
How "to take" this integral?
Lie bracket for Lie algebra of $SO(n,m)$
Lightbulbs in circuits. Why does the current go UP?
High school double lens optics question
Plotting the CMB power spectrum - Why $C_\ell \ell (\ell+1)$ rather than only $C_\ell$?
What happens to water level when ice XII melts?
Can electrons change the frequency of light as they bounce off/around?
Breaking of Lorentz invariance
Non-locality from quantum loops
Voltage and current of positive lightning
Hours of light per day based on latitude/longitude formula
Coulomb potential in 2D
What is the roaring in a roaring fire?
Getting from $E^2 - p^2c^2 = m^2c^4$ to $E = \gamma mc^2$
Does a slinky hanging downward double in length if gravity doubles?
Where do I start with Non-Euclidean Geometry?
What is negative about negative energy states in the Dirac equation?
Clarification of rest mass
Proof of existence of lowest temperature $0 K$
How early can scientists detect that a deadly asteroid will hit planet earth?
Conformal fields on compactified manifolds? An apparent paradox!
EM wave function & photon wavefunction
Supergroup action on $AdS_5XS^5$
A Question From Jackson Electrodynamics
Atomic weight in respect to the binding energy?
The neutrality condition and the (non)-vanishing of the one-point correlator for the bosonic vertex operator
How does General Relativity Emerge from Brans-Dicke Gravity with an Infinite Omega Parameter?
mSUGRA boundary conditions and the MSSM
The Faddeev-Popov Lagrangian
Which derivation of drift velocity is correct?
How do we recognize hardware used in accelerator physics
My book uses helium weight in reaction formula instead of weight alpha particle?
Using Gauss's Law to calculate electric fields between plates
Why is matter drawn into a black hole condensed into a single point within the singularity?
Decay of particle (for example $\pi^+$); Find energy
Why do joined massless springs, act like a rope under tension?
Slow thermal equilibrium
Is the electric field zero inside an ideal conductor carrying a current?
Calabi Yau compactification based on U(1) charges
Hinged bridge statics problem
Measure the voltage of a resistor without error
Dimensional analysis, dimensionless quantities and ratios
Is Zitterbewegung an artefact of single-particle theory?
Coulomb's Law: why is $k = \dfrac{1}{4\pi\epsilon_0}$
On these pictures of accelerator equipment, what are the blue metal things?
RC circuit theory and voltage in the capacitor vs Ohm's Law
Linking two balls together
How does position uncertainty change in time?
A Query on the Trapped Null Surface
On constancy of cometary orbits
Residual Resistivity in alloys and metals
Intuitive reasons for superconductivity
Auxiliary field and loop expansion
Emf Of a Cell in a common circuit
Optics of the eye - do we see Fourier transforms?
Spectroscopic notation $s$, $p$, $d$, $f$, $\ldots$
daylight length variation from year to year
How to get Planck length
Quantum Entanglement - Measuring Twice
What are Jones matrices and how to derive them?
What exactly does $S$  represent in the CHSH inequality $-2\leq S\leq 2$?
How does the Fraunhofer irradiance distribution look for a double slit aperture of different lengths?
Do Lorentz Boosts in the same direction form a group?
Why can mass not be considered concentrated at CM (center of mass) for rotational motion?
One-Plaquette Action and SU(2)'s Irreducible Representations
Derivation of the supergravity action in 11D
From knowing just the change in kinetic energy, can we find the friction force and engine power?
If blue light has a higher energy than red light, why does it scatter more?
What does it mean that particles are the quanta of fields?
Is the gravity we feel in our everyday life mainly curvature of the time coordinate?
Radiative Corrections and Bremsstrahlung
What is the reason behind the shape of the absorption curve of electron paramagnetic resonance
Are there good resources explaining mean field approximation?
Why, when one opens 1 car window, does that noise occur?
How can/does calculus describe the movement of a particle?
Is there a direct relationship between an isotope's neutron count and radioactivity?
Proof of adiabatic theorem on Wikipedia
Is it possible to mould _ruptures_ in Space-time?
Is this a quaternion Lorentz Boost?
Graphene Moebius Strip
An introductory resource for learning AdS space
Does using batteries in a series raise the overall Wh's of the batteries used? Why/Why Not?
What could I test for in a guillotine?
Please explain this circular movement problem
Optical Tunneling
Time Reversal Invariance in Quantum Mechanics
Does wind speed things up or accelerate things?
Event horizons without singularities
Wick rotation and the arrow of time
Galaxies and projected radius vs arcmins
Wigner-Eckart projection theorem
Calculating kinetic energy?
XP Decay mode of radioactive nucleus
Is a 125 GeV Higgs large (or small) for the MSSM?
Why will the increase in the sun's luminosity accelerate with respect to time?
Strength of Magnetic Field Around a Superconductor
What are the topics of string theory that are comprehensible with only a mathematical background on Manifolds and Algebraic Topology?
What is the function of the top point of a bouncing ball?
How is/do they plan on having fusion energy collected at the National Ignition Facility?
What is the stress energy tensor?
A question about multiverse
Why do humans have bilateral symmetry?
Supersymmetry in Quantum Mechanics
What is  a "Center Of Mass" issue of a Gorillapod?
Are there any connections between James–Stein estimator and quantum mechanics?
Rayleigh diffraction by circular aperture
Why is there no dynamics in 3D general relativity?
Change In Momentum In Uncertainty Principle
Gravimagnetic monopole and General relativity
Why is the sky not purple?
Does string theory have a notion of vacuum?
Physical interpratation of propagator
heat of a laptop when placed on a table, when placed on a pile of books and when placed on a bed
Crushing a magnetic field
Galilean transformation of the wave equation
A comprehensive reference for RF linear accelerator's operation
Why is a book on a table not an example of Newton's third law?
Why does a ball bounce?
How to find orbital radius of star in a binary system using redshift and orbital period data?
What are the precise statements by Shouryya Ray of particle dynamics problems posed by Newton which this news article claims have been solved?
How Represent Waves via Complex Numbers?
Amount/flow rate of N2 needed to cool substrate
Is there a subtlety to the Lorentz transformations one needs to be aware of?
Adaptive Optics Capability in the Visible Range
Variational wavefunctions and "spread" of potential in quantum mechanics
Work done on charged particle by magnetic field in quantum mechanics
Positive Permutation Tensor
Understanding units and the units of the derivative operator
Moment of inertia of a football and its angular momentum
The Planck constant $\hbar$, the angular momentum, and the action
Are old fashion photomultipliers used in LHC experiments?
Carrying water on person, or on the frame when bicycling
Examples of piecewise smooth dynamical systems
How large can you make a tokamak?
Why does it take so long to get to the ISS?
Any link between decoherence and renormalization?
Why does water pouring from a glass sometimes travel down the side of the glass?
Big Bang Anybody?
How to decompose a divergence operator
Confused about the physical meaning of velocity variation
What is the meaning of pressure of a solid?
Pedestrian hit by small vs. big car
Why is "space-time" not fully explained as the observational effect of the casimir effect seen from a human perspective?
What sets the length scale of stratified rock formations?
How to prove Wick's Theorem (Zee's eq. I.2 (16))  via Gaussian integration? 
Introduction to string theory
Particle mixing and indistinguishability
How can a Photon have a "frequency"?
We know that the protons in a nucleus are positively charged. So why does the nucleus stay intact?
Resonance and natural vibrations in vacuum
Cyclist's electrical tingling under power lines
When a high speed neutrino just misses an old neutron star, why isn't it trapped?
Numerical torque calculation
Grain of sand attracting the sun?
Is there any quantum-gravity theory that has flat space-time and gravitons?
How to integrate twice of this viscous term?
What is the mean field value of a scalar field with spontaneously broken symmetry in a scattering event?
Physical Explanation of Being Able to "Think"
Validity Of the Drake Equation
Thermodynamics of cooking rice
What is the relationship between string net theory and string / M-theory?
Loudspeaker frequency response dip
How can there be a quantum field theory that predicts all particle masses?
Has any permanent magnet motor been proven to run?
Is the classical Doopler Effect, for light shift, $1-v/c$, exact? What is it an approximation of?
Regarding possibility of infinitely many spatial dimensions
Say we're driving a bike and suddenly hold the brakes?
Would time freeze if you could travel at the speed of light?
Combined Gravitational Force Vectors in a Spherical Coordinate System
A database for review literature in theoretical physics
Why can't helicopters reach mount everest?
Why is latent heat required?
Are rainfalls critical phenomena?
Equivalent Rotation using Baker-Campbell-Hausdorff relation
Does the Breit Wigner formula apply to intermediate virtual particles?
Why $\frac{d}{dt}r_{a}\nabla_{a}U_{ab}+\frac{d}{dt}r_{b}\nabla_{b}U_{ba}=\frac{d}{dt}U_{ab}?$
Origin of the Higgs field
Should any theory of physics respect the principle of conservation of angular momentum or linear momentum?
Four momentum of a photon squared, trouble with combining wave-particle duality and energy-frequency relation
What forces act on a person sitting in a chair with wheels when they push off another stationary object
Motion of a rod struck at one end
Will photon's energy be exactly same after million years?
What causes a Phase-Transition?
Is there a tb meson?
Is there an intuitive explanation for why Lorentz force is perpendicular to a particle's velocity and the magnetic field?
The bijective correspondence between a symmetric polynomial and edge excitation of the fractional quantum hall droplet
Is quantum entanglement an objective or subjective property?
Time dilation at the speed of light
Is every QFT non-local in the U.V.?
What is behind recoherence?
Goldstone modes and Heisenberg model
Is it possible to calcualte the yield-stress of a fluid by measuring the smalles bubble that rises through it?
Is there a point in universe that is observable at present?
Does General Relativity require that Spacetime must be a orientable?
What is the fluid approximation for BCS action?
What is the microscopic picture for warm air rising?
Why is information indestructible?
Where can I find beginner's information about quantum mechanics?
Using CO2 to air condition a room
What would happen if the Earth was tidally locked with the Sun?
The discrepancy between the two values in units of sigmas?
Wasn't the Hawking Paradox solved by Einstein?
How exactly does mass affect speed?
Yukawa Coupling of a Scalar $SU(2)$ Triplet to a Left-Handed Fermionic $SU(2)$ Doublet
Would a Helium powered balloon vehicle work on Mars?
DFT breakdown for effects that depend on phase?
Why is the atmosphere transparent in the visible spectrum?
Open Ended/ Close Ended instruments?
Commutators with a density matrix
What experiments prove the greenhouse effect?
The metric expansion of space and Hawking
When would the proposed black hole at the centre of Milky Way gulp in our solar system?
Can every particle be regarded as being a combination of Black holes and White holes?
Can symmetry be restored in high energy scattering?
Conversion from natural units to SI
What do scientists believe about existence in dimensions?
Can a charged black hole interact via electromagnetism?
Would it matter if the Earth rotated clockwise?
Improvement Of Soft Iron And Steel As Magnets
The Strength Of A Black Hole
Energy conservation and center-of-mass inertial frames
Which equation tells you the minimum energy of a wave needed to see a small particle?
Specific heat capacity 
Is the opening of the NOVA program a Calabi-Yau space?
Lepton Number Conservation
How does Earth's interior dynamo work?
what is phase angle of wave function $\phi \,$?
Does the Relative density of water change based on the state it is in
Circumference of a Magnetic Field
Exist some relationship between irradiance units and wavelenght of the incident sunlight?
Anomalous Expansion Of Water
Rotational speed of a discus
Gamma Ray Bursts
Calculating a Deflection of Light Integral from Einstein's 1907 paper on Gravity and Light
Does a tidally locked planet have seasons?
weird terms in W boson self energy
How can you distinguish between projections of quantum states?
Lorentz spinors of $SO(n,1)$ and conformal spinors of $SO(n,2)$
To what extent is theoretical physics done in a non-univeristy setting?
Fitting of data to a model
simulate a quantum computer on a normal one
What is "code" in "toric code"?
What is spontaneous symmetry breaking in QUANTUM systems?
How much of himself a person can see in the mirror?
Majorana zero mode in quantum field theory
Rubber Band Forces
Significance of Dirac cones in condensed matter physics
Conservation of momentum equation, how do I factor out v0Final and v1Final?
Light interference maximum and minimum intensity points
How can we know the size of a dimension?
Total Number of Dimensions in the Universe?
Quasi 1D insulators with strong spin-orbital interaction
How to prove Galilean invariance?
Neutrinos and the Cosmic Speed Limit
Simple projectile motion problem
Grassmann Variables Representation?
How can be proved that one-way speed of light is equal to two-way speed?
How is antenna gain correlated to beam width?
Reading the Feynman lectures in 2012
How does the grid on the microwave oven window prevent microwave radiation from coming out?
How to determine if an emergent gauge theory is deconfined or not?
Is resonating valence bond (RVB) states long-range entangled?
Why Liouville's theorem is obvious?
How did Halley calculate the distance to the Sun by measuring the transit of Venus?
If the temperature of 2 materials are the same does that mean the molecules are vibrating at the same speed?
Why is there a phase factor when the two composite angular momentum is exchanged in Clebsch–Gordan coefficients
Dynamic Light Scattering
Deriving Statistical Mechanics laws from Quantum Mechanics?
Computing gravitational deflection of light knowing $\phi$ and $-\nabla \phi$?
Anti-Particle of Neutron
What are the increasingly sophisticated ways to perform a Lorentz transformation?
Is it possible to have incommensurable but equally valid theories of nature which fits all experimental data?
Why droplets of water under oil explode when heated
What is the code distance in quantum information theory?
The Synchrotron at Caltech
Ground state degeneracy of a variation of Toric Code model
A two-level system absorbs a detuned photon. Where does the extra energy go?
Amount of energy required to hover.
Is metabolic rate the amount of heat given off?
Distance at which a 300m asteroid is visible
The temperature in space
What is Motivic mathematics and how is it used in physics?
Are "broken" planets possible in the real world?
How do we describe the relationship of balloon size and related lift?
Why do rockets accelerate fastest horizontally?
Relativistic Mass including exponential decay
Adding 3 electron spins
Rotation in an 'empty' universe
Lenses (refractor) or mirrors (reflector) telescope?
Does an uneven and/or moving surface affect quality when using a solar filter?
Does quantum field theory accept gravitational wave?
Theory that gets rid of dark matter/energy
Is there any alternative theory that gets rid of gravitational waves, yet fits all data?
Heuristics for specific heat capacities of solids
Spontaneous Time Reversal Symmetry Breaking?
How is spacetime depicted in quantum field theory?
What happened to David John Candlin?
Richtmyer Meshkov instability in MHD
Is spacetime moving in general relativity?
If the moon is not there when no one is looking, how does the moon know how to stay in orbit between observations?
Show quantum entanglement to a classical thinker
Can we develop in the future a technology that can send a message to the past?
Gravity and Magnetism on Stars
Understanding the E=MC2 for multiple objects
Can we make an environment where the density of air equals the density of water?
Two definitions: 'semi-classical space-time' and 'supersymmetric Minkowski space'
Expansion of Universe
How do gravitational waves sustain and propagate large scale spacetime curvature?
Electrostatic Pressure Concept
How to transfer energy from a generator to a storeage battery
Are these sites reliable?
Reference for phase diagrams of elements
Observationally indistinguishable quantum states
Pressure of sealed in liquid nitrogen
Why do polarized sunglasses remove (most) reflections on car windows?
Semiclassical QED and long-range interaction
Correlation function which has branch cut in momentum space
top quark and Z,W bosons?
Gaussian Unit of Charge and Force
Proportion of dark matter/energy to other matters/energy at the beginning of the universe?
Slackline Jump Tension
What do the poles of a Green function mean, physically?
Does the vacuum energy problem of quantum field theory only occur in the Hamiltonian approach, or also in the path integral approach and in AQFT?
Lacking of scale and distribution moments
Aerodynamic drag on a cannonball?
Gauge-invariant field strength term in Yang-Mills Lagrangian
How are the CPU power and temperature caculated/estimated?
quantum explanation of doppler effect
how to measure activation energy of fission?
Naturalness and experiments
The multiverse of eternal inflation
Does friction decrease as objects move faster against each other?
Which are other anomalies like Divergence of 1/r^2?
Loop of wire in a varying magnetic field
Does the mass of an object change as it moves away from the earth?
What is a good reference for the mechanical properties of materials at cryogenic temperatures?
What kind of light is needed to light up Venus?
Do all frequencies of light have the same speed?
Weather Radar Interpretation - Radial Rays
How can one feel cold without touching it?
The sound of coffee
Intuitive explanation for the de Broglie / Planck relations
Operators and Commutator Definitions
Are the laws of physics objective or subjective?
Cases in which angular velocity and angular momentum point into same direction
How much is important the role of Planck length in the strings theory?
Rotationally invariant body and principal axis
Entropy increase and end of the universe
Quantum gravity and relevant/irrelevant operators
How to determine an exponential acceleration curve?
Charge distribution on a plate of Capacitor with Dielectrics . 
Understanding Dynamic light scattering
Relativistic mass as seen by different observers
How positively charged protons remain glued to each other while they should repel each other out of nucleus?
In a neutron star - what force keeps the neutrons from getting closer and closer?
Relating the deformation of Calabi-Yau metrics and the conformal quantum field theories
If a fundamental theory exibits e.g. a mirror symmetry, in what sense it the underlying geometry real?
Hamiltonians and Lagrangians, Euclidean and Hyperbolic: Are they related?
How fast was the universe expanding during the inflationary period?
The measurement of $g$ and air resistance
Why does spin have a discrete spectrum?
Moons of the planets
Modeling stochastic process with frequency-dependent power spectrum
Triangulation for astronomical distances
Why Higgs particle is the root of all elementary particles?
Set theory, category theory, realism and the recent "reality of the wavefunction" papers
Combining Multiple Light Sources
why does perpendicular motion to the direction of someone' s approach does not affect the distance between them
Some more questions on conformal spinors of $SO(n,2)$
Is this a quaternion representation of the equations of motion of General Relativity?
Do you pay more for gas when the day is warmer?
Power dissipated in resistor
Direct observations of a black hole?
What counts as a measurement?
Entropy, Mass and Brane gravity
What would gravity be like on a hemispherical planet?
General equation of motion for elementary particles
Known properties of a specific class of quantum states
Who added $\frac{3}{2} \partial^2 c$ to the virasoro BRST current (and why)?
Self-organized criticality and the butterfly effect
Finding acceleration for a car after finding torque
What is the Lie algebra of the Galilean group and what is the structure of it?
Why is the mass of even the upper limit of the possible Higgs boson is less than the top quark?
Density of universe during recombination
Can human push Earth away from the Sun?
Do any naked-eye stars have planets
Complex Atom Manipulation?
On Bolte's semiclassical law
Proving angular momentum is conserved for a particle moving in a central force field $\vec F =\phi(r) \vec r$
Photon-photon scattering matrix element
Does the Hilbert space of the universe have to be infinite dimensional to make sense of quantum mechanics?
Parabolic or Hyperbolic?
Effect of Charged Particles trapped in Magnetic Field on that Field
Locating a Comet, how is it done?
Gauge invariant but not gauge covariant regularization
How does universal inflation fit with the Planck length?
Lorentz invariance and the vacuum expectation value of fields with spin > 0
Inverse of a sum of two easy matrices
What is the difference between observer, frame of reference, and gauge?
Hooke's Law and the shape of coils
Why does photon have only two possible eigenvalues of helicity?
Does recharging a battery at a lower temperature lower its internal resistance?
Are Quantum Physics and statistical theory always the same as semiclassical approximations?
How long must escape velocity be maintained?
Space station gains enough mass to lose orbit?
Is the escape velocity at Geosynchronous Earth Orbit 0km/hr?
Why is the thomson cross section constant over cosmological time?
Critical bathymetric profile to maximize surge and minimize breaking?
are there any resource for the Abundance ratio of nuclear isotopes in early earth
Why are coordinates and velocities sufficient to completely determine the state and determine the subsequent motion of a mechanical system?
Help me understand the first equation in Landau & Lifshitz's Quantum Mechanics
If I lift a submerged hose over 35 feet above the water's surface, what's in the top foot?
Vortex street and Reynolds number
Richtmyer Meshkov instability in MHD
Fundamentals of Physics vs Classical Mechanics book and physics undergraduate course
How does Lunar Orbit Injection (LOI) work?
Cosmic Background Radiation: How did planets form before the CBR could reach us?
What's the amount of deviation of cellestial orbits from perfect ellipses
Calculating the Uncertainty for an Average Value
Helium Fusion and the Origin of Elements
Do magnetic field shift away from the coil that generates it?
Does Newtonian mechanics predict the bending of the course of light by objects with mass?
Do objects with mass "suck in" spacetime?
Why doesn't relativistic momentum appear conserved in this frame?
How fast do you need to travel to go 35 light-years in 2 (apparent) years?
The role of dark matter in black holes and star formation
Are cylindrical mirror telescopes possible?
Shockley's diode equation
Why does magnetic field lines go from plus to minus?
How to find an old Soviet physics paper?
How do particle scattering cross sections scale with energy in colliders?
Applying $\nabla\times\mathbf{B} = \mu_0\mathbf{J}$ in the presence of magnetic shielding
Why/how does an electron emit a photon when decelerating?
How did ancient physicists around 500 BC decide that the earth is spherical?
Finding instantaneous speed in MPH given acceleration, RPM and gear ratio
Propagator of the Klein-Gorden equation
Make a semi transparent mirror with copper
How much thrust would be needed to turn a hobbyist weather balloon into a deep space probe?
Why can i replace a gauge field by the current it couples to in the calculation of a greens function?
Spring compression and Momentum
spectral eigenvalue staircase and quantum system
How is traveling back in time possible in theory according to some scientists?
Why is the center-of-mass of 2 bodies at the focus of their elliptical orbits?
Why do people recommend wider tyres in car for better road grip?
Two identical rockets, time dilation, and possible weirdness
How can I theoretically describe the potential between two capacitors in series?
Unitarity and quantum cosmology
How is extra information encoded in digital radio?
Is Schrodinger's Cat a real conceptual problem or just a problem with approximations?
Why isn't the symmetric twin paradox a paradox?
Determine the acceleration and angular acceleration of a disc
Gravity on the International Space Station
How many stars within 5 parsecs?
is cosmic expansion related with IR divergencies?
The ${\cal N} = 3$ Chern-Simons matter lagrangian
Can anyone estimate what proportion of water remains after I flush a toilet?
Does a magnetic field induce an emf in a loop of wire
Linear charge density, surface charge density and volume charge density
How were the heavy elements from iron to uranium made?
How to apply Guass Law to Voltages
Would a fast inter-stellar spaceship benefit from an aerodynamic shape?
Book covering differential geometry and topology for physics
Non-relativistic spinors
Transforming a sound wave into a literal light wave. Is it possible?
How can the Huygens-Fresnel principle be derived from the Maxwell equations?
Relation between linear momentum and translational kinetic energy
What is the optical power level of common fiber optics lasers?
Would the rate of ascent of an indestructible balloon increase as function of it's altitude?
Why do we stop using optics for photons above a certain energy?
Hairy ball theorem: references to applications
Differences between X-Ray and Electron Diffraction
On the Existence of Interstellar Meteoroids
Static Water Pressure vs Height
What in Newton's three laws of motion is original and not a paraphrasing of his predecessors?
what is the relationship between the dynamical casimir effect and virtual particles?
How does String Theory predict Gravity?
Which formula for entropy is correct? (OR Is the fundamental thermodynamic equality always right?)
Is String Theory a Field Theory?
What is the importance of Vacua in Field Theory?
why the difference between $\langle \hat p^2 \rangle_{\psi}$ and $\langle \hat p \rangle_{\psi}^2$ is NOT zero?
Does a complete theory of quantum gravity require anthropic post-selection?
Are physics and philosophy compatible?
Enhance a home build spectrometer
weak bosons and feynman-stueckelberg interpretation
Will acceleration rate of expansion of space become faster than speed of light?
How does the entropy of a system change when the amount of substance changes?
physics , magnetic lines of a magnetic
How to represent uncertainty on the momentum operator through a variance?
How much water must flow trough canal to maintain a constant water deep?
Does an airplane's speed include the speed of the Earth?
What's the purpose of the arbitary additive constants in Einstein's Inertia of Energy Paper?
Chiral anomalies à la Fujikawa: Why don't we just take another measure?
Why do people rule out local hidden variables?
Calculate power $P=V \times I$
Is it possible to study solid state from kittel after taking only one course in quantum mechanics?
Distance education programs in physics
How important are constrained Hamiltonian dynamics and BRST transformation as a formalism?
Was Sun a part of a binary system?
Regarding binary systems (with pulsars)
Can a super-positioned human be used to differentiate between the Copenhagen interpretation and many-worlds?
How is external pressure transmitted when a fluid is not enclosed?
Is there any way to survive solarwinter like in Sunshine - movie?
What is the optimal design for a paper airplane? (Or, at least, how can you approach it?)
Radiant intensity in terms of angle with the surface
What can drive the higgs mass in mSUGRA up?
Is QCD free from all divergences?
is there any uncertainty on the free particle with a definite momentum $\vec p$?
What is the strong nuclear force between proton and neutron in deuteron?
Can't Prove formula from Sakurai's Modern QM @ Perturbation Theory
Quantum Mechanics by Dirac
Does infrared light pass through active shutter glass?
When I connect in series two floating capacitors, one charged and the other not charged, does current flow?
Can atmospheric hydrogen be collected for use?
Do wormhole exits require matter? If not, would they change the edge of the universe?
How do Kolmogorov scales work in shear thinning fluis?
Unexpected potential energy increase during Tic-Tac drop
How to tell whether a physics theory is beautiful?
Intrinsic structure of electron
Current scope of Chaos theory and non-linear dynamics?
extracting energy from cosmological expansion
what is difference between these two expectation values?
At what g is terminal velocity not terminal?
Ideal gas with two kinds of particles, Grand canonical partition function
How does a strobe lamp stop a fast moving object?
Expectation values of commutator and anti-commutator (momentum and position)
What is a Lorentz boost and how to calculate it?
what is physical meaning of this partial derivative?
Feynman's 'diamond jumping out of a box' parody, how would this work?
How does one calculate the quantum propagator for a massless photon
Spin-ice materials with strong quantum fluctuations
Natural Units and the Nuclear Radius
Why is radioactive decay dependent on amount of substance available?
Euclidean Geometry in Classical Thought - Realization or Representation?
problem with the last terms of uncertainty principle
Elimination of velocities from momenta equations for singular Lagrangian
How can radioactivity change depending on the number of nuclei?
Has the use of the holographic principle of string theory in condensed matter physics silenced the skeptics?
How to bend light?
Two 60W-lightbulbs are connected on 220 V AC-voltage - how much electric power is spent by each lightbulb?
How can a body be transparent?
Formation of the overlap in metal electron bands
Bell states entanglement
How much choice did Einstein have in choosing his GR equations?
Commutator of scalar fields
The (co)algebra for the (co)monad of a light switch
Must the derivative of the wave function at infinity be zero?
Could the Periodic Table have been done using group theory?
In relativity, what is the difference between a rod that is perpendicular to direction of motion and a rod parallel to the direction of motion?
What would it feel like to touch a frictionless surface
Circular motion period equation
Why is it that when you pick up a cup from a stack of solo cups too quickly, they stick together?
Is the U(1) gauge theory in 2+1D dual to a U(1) or an integer XY model?
How could scientists know how far a star or galaxy is from us?
What is expectation values of this anti-commutator $\langle \{ \Delta \hat x,\Delta \hat p\} \rangle~?$
Using Einstein's Relativity: Who is younger?
Spontaneous symmetry breaking and 't Hooft and Polyakov monopoles
Capillary engine is impossible?
What exactly are right movers and left movers in string theory?
How to liquefy Hydrogen?
Analogy between magnetic bottle and Van Allen's radiation belt
Does this relation about direction of particles make sense?
Does infrared rays pass through polarized glass?
What differs string theory from philosophy or religion?
Basic buoyancy question: Man in a boat with a stone
Wind Turbine Impact
Oort cloud blocking light?
What is the black stuff blocking our view of the milky way?
Euler's buckling formula applicable for impact calculations?
Difference between propeller and fan in pulling force
What would make the bottom of my cocktail glass develop a fractured pattern like this?
Do you think it’s possible to make a power plant of the described kind?
Sources for new experimental limits on susy models?
Waves on water generated by a falling object
What are some creative illustrations of the nature of dissipative forces?
Topology needed for Differential Geometry
length contraction question
Changing the Half-Life of Radioactive Substances
What is your prefered toolkit / program for 3D visualisations of data?
Why can't this speed be measured?
Can a planet have a larger diameter than Jupiter?
Why isn't light scattered through transparency?
Separable states of maximum non-classical correlations
Heat of vaporization of water - dependence on relative humidity?
What is the relation between (physicists) functional derivatives and Fréchet derivatives
Why is paper more frangible when it is wet?
Why can't a rope be pulled completely straight?
Straightforward questions about calculating SUSY F-terms
Supersymmetry in Quantum Field Theory
Is string length in string theory quantized?
Is reversal of magnetic polarity in a planet an instantaneous occurence?
Do the rings in Mass Effect's mass relays (2-axis gimbal) describe a stable rotation?
How much current would be generated by polarity reversal of Earth's magnetic field?
How do we prove the existence of a multiverse?
How is the poincare conjecture(and perelman proof) helpful in studying the properties of the universe?
Why does paper become translucent when smeared with oil but not (so much) with water?
Why do wet objects become darker?
Scalar potential, vector potential, and spinor potnetial
Lorentz engine to run a car?
Can we impose a boundary condition on the derivative of the wavefunction through the physical assumptions?
What tree-level Feynman diagrams are added to QED if magnetic monopoles exist?
Is there any way to produce food without sun, synthetically?
Does hitting metals magnetize them?
Why does reentry from space tend to result in such great heat?
Why do we think of light as a wave?
Farady's law and div B = 0
Collision of a black hole & a white hole
Could a variable capacitor divider replace a Variac?
Helicity and Pseudospin in Graphene
Do we see color with higher frequency first?
When does the "norm of quasi-eigenvectors" matter in calculations? For which physical results are these even used?
why is there only one inertial frame that $ct$ and $x$ are orthogonal?
black body and cosmic microwave background radiation
Calculating forces in a mass suspended by four cables
Schmidt decomposition of coupled oscillators
Explaining Walter Lewin's "Complete Breakdown of Intuition"
Non equilibrium statistical mechanics
Continuum model of the n-body problem?
Could a Class A Stellar Engine Use A Brown Dwarf
Number of bits needed to express physical laws?
Darcy law yields extreme speed for gas flow throgh packed spheres?
Distorted colors of Google StreetView photographs near electric power lines
Liquid nitrogen and liquid helium
What is the physical significance of the dilaton in string theory?
Imaginary pertubation to a Hamiltonian: how is it the same as rotation to imaginary time?
If gravity is a bend in Space-time then what is magnetism?
Speed of light, breaking the barrier
Electric Force is to Magnetic Force as Gravitational Force is to ...?
How to find the Green's Functions for time-dependent inhomogeneous Klein-Gordon equation?
Water to ice expansion in $1\textrm{mm}^3$ pit - pressure on the pit walls?
Here's a way to transmit data faster than the speed of light
1-Dimensional Sigma Models
Why does a gas inside a closed container experience atmosperic pressure when the gas itself is not in contact with the atmosphere?
The limit of radio wave penetration
Something almost faster than light traveling on something else almost faster than light
Pull up and Pull down register
determine the direction of the polarizing axis
What are electromagnetic fields made of?
Is it possible to make an RFID-like device which responds to a metal detector?
When does a function of an operator act in the same way as the operator?
Does a interstellar spacecraft traveling at relativistic velocity require continous thrust to maintain velocity?
Is the Schrödinger equation derived or postulated?
Why does salty water heat up quicker than pure water?
polynomial fit and uncertainty
What evidence is there for the electroweak higgs mechanism?
Do composite particles that are electrically neutral but have charged constituents radiate?
Recommendations for Statistical Mechanics book
Is the historical method of teaching physics a "legitimate, sure and fruitful method of preparing a student to receive a physical hypothesis"?
Storing light energy as potential kinetic to drive an electric generator
In what sense is SUSY a spacetime symmetry?
What does AdS/CFT have to say about quantum gravity in our world?
What does "nearly infinite mass" mean?
What does Brian Greene mean when he claims we wont be able to observe light from distant stars due to the universe's expansion?
Name of the process that causes ice to melt under pressure and refreeze after
Why is plasma the highest "state" of matter?
What is a mass gap?
Gravitation and equilibrium (...and similar problems)
If a container is in a vacuum state, what will inside the container?
What makes the Earth keep spinning?
warp drive with gravitational waves in the nonlinear regime
short circuit an alkaline battery
Black holes and positive/negative-energy particles
Request for Reference: BRST formalism/transformations
Relation between Dirac's generalized Hamiltonian dynamics method and path integral method to deal with constraints
How to detect ice in thermostat
What is spontaneous symmetry breaking in QUANTUM GAUGE systems?
Path traced out by a point
Energy efficiency of antimatter producion
Upper bound for the Kelvin scale
Weight on planet earth?
What is surface plasmon of metal nanoparticles?
Why don't most physics programs study the primary sources?
Force due to combination of free space and dielectric
Gauge symmetry description for $\phi^4$?
Frequency Specific Sound Reduction And dB Levels?
Are the higher-order terms in the series for energy really negligible?
What is the spectrum of the Hamiltonian of the universe?
what is the 2D gravity potential?
Can x and y axis have different scales?
Does light photons have jerk?
Non-localities in Wilsonian effective action
The meaning of Goldstone boson equivalence theorem
Variations of double slit experiment with their results to look up
study quantum mechanics without physics background
Time and distance where velocity is a function of time
Why is the observed ratio of baryon to photon density considered too small?
What exactly are super WIMPs?
How does one measure velocity in space?
Why didn't Newton just propose the 2nd Law and leave it at that?
Hierarchy is no problem and susy is a mathematical tool for data fitting
Maximum precision of deterministic measurements
What's the optimal shape for a continuous Galilean Cannon?
Bosonic Tachyon Condensation?
Light bulbs with voltage source or current source
Determining axis of rotation from angular speeds about axes
What is the typical orbital life of an artificial satellite?
Find wavelength from relative permittivity and frequency
Causality in String Theory
EMF in a half-ring shaped conductor around a solenoid
What is the best material and design for building a parabolic dish?
Mathematical problems with impact on physics
NED velocity to redshift conversion?
Compton scattering multiple wavelengths?
failing to see the conundrum in the Einstein hole argument
What would be the requirement to learn matrix mechanics?
How does the Higgs Boson gain mass itself?
Quantum experiments in the pre-industrial era
Does cosmic expansion imply the possibility of the universe splitting in half; multiple big-crunches?
What's the most efficient strategy to shake a bottle to create a global flow?
confusion about finite line charge
What happens if an object has more kinetic energy than the Gravitational Binding Energy?
Exchange operator in terms of rotation operator
What is the single particle Hilbert space?
Pressures Necessary for Carbon Detonation
Can a large thermonuclear bomb be used for planetary defence?
Does $p=mc$ hold for photons?
Electron model under Maxwell's theory
Fracture because of high-speed rotation
Why do electrons around nucleus radiate light according to classical physics
Circular Motion Equation Derivation
Has the Higgs really been discovered at CERN?
Does there exist a nonrelativistic physical system in which the effective long-distance fields violate spin/statistics?
questions about stars clusters
Would oxygen in a container condense automatically at night in the exosphere?
Franck-Hertz Experiment explanation
What happens to matter in extremely high gravity?
on what fundamental force is a black hole based on?
Do materials cool down in the vacuum of space?
Frequency and wavelength of photons
What am I doing wrong finding the eigenvectors of this rotation matrix?
Bound states for sech-squared potential
Is it possible to create an entangled pair of photons if they originate initially from operations at two separate sites?
Snooker/billiards cueing
Radiative transfer equation solution
Can a photon be made to orbit a known (or undiscovered theoretical) body?
Why isn't it allowed to use a flash when taking pictures in a certain place?
Do observers at different speeds perceive other speeds differently?
What happens in this revised double-slit experiment?
functional determinant evaluaton
How do representations of an isometry group correspond to degrees of freedom/entropy in a system?
How do you simulate a quantum gauge theory in a gauge with negative norms on a quantum computer?
Permitivity $\mathcal{E}$ as a function of Voltage across a medium
Isotropy and Noise
During an Ice Age, would someone at moderate latitude get a sunburn/suntan on a sunny day?
Exercise QFT and CFT
Dimensional analysis for gravitational radiation expression
What prevents a natural fibers rope from untwisting when it is elongated?
When does centripetal force cause constant circular motion?
what is relation between time and space in general relativity?
Does diffraction contribute to the Black Drop effect?
Precessional motion of active galactic nuclei
Does radiation change entropy?
Natural macroscopic amplification of quantum randomness
Negative and positive energy and Hawking
Can two distinct spatially separated many-body systems in the ground state contain entangled particles?
What would happen after the collision matter and the anti-matter
Concentration of fluid pumped through a tube?
Simulator for electrostatics
Are there any known potentially useful nontrivial irreducible representations of the Lorentz Group $O(3,1)$ of dimension bigger than 4? Examples?
What kinds of inconsistencies would one get if one starts with Lorentz noninvariant Lagrangian of QFT?
M-theory no lagrangian?
How do we know that Earth is not perfect sphere?
What's the difference between Fermi Energy and Fermi Level?
Confused about charge seperation in solar cells
The two-body problem: What is force between them?
What keeps electrons in an atom from flying away or falling into the nucleus?
Do other particles besides scalars admit tachyonic solutions?
Why is dark matter the best theory available to explain missing mass problems?
Why is GR renormalizable to one loop?
How to deal with conflicting "no-slip" Navier-Stokes boundary value constraints?
Is there any correlation between the energy density fluctuations of two separate systems in a vacuum state?
In hydrostatics, is it possible for the bouancy to be greater than the weight of a body?
Can planes generate enough force to displace cloud, such that the displacement is visible from the ground?
Magnetic moment derivation from Dirac equation
Large-Scale-Structure (LSS) and the Fingers-of-God
Does water in the drain follow the distance-squared rule of force?
Naive question on quantum mechanics and uncertainty principle
Second Law of Thermodynamics, heat and quantum-level explanation
How to connect Einstein's Special Relativity (SR) with General Relativity (GR)?
What is meant by "Nothing" in Physics/Quantum Physics?
Loschmidt's paradox - really a paradox?
Capillaries in series
Non linear QM and wave function collapse
Is the only diffeomorphism invariant anthropic principle the final anthropic principle?
Winding number in the topology of magnetic monopoles
Properties of expectation values of quantum operators
In what subfields and how far can the naive limit $c\rightarrow\infty$ of special relativity be carried?
Does this photon emission problem even make sense?
Are all bose-einstein condensates superfluid?
Using resistance and temperature coefficient formula
Existence of quantum computer
Batting averages of the Large Hadron Collider
Future of colliders and technical limitations
$\Omega_{r}$ from WMAP results?
Why airplanes fly: the final truth
Misconception about the expectation of a quantum system
How can a wooden spoon be used to prevent water from over boiling?
How should one interpret the de Sitter slicings?
What is gravitational speed for a black hole?
How to calculate speed difference between objects close to the speed of light?
Extending mixed states to pure state
(Iran's nuclear timetable) How IAEA knows that iran is able to make nuclear bombs in four months?
Group rings in Physics
How to calculate specific heat capacity of an alloy
Continuity equation for compressible fluid
What are the optimal shapes, if any, for fractal antennae?
Superposition of Negative and Positive Energy States
Why are the solution coefficients for a harmonic oscillator proportional to minors of the determinant?
Why are all observable gauge theories not vector-like?
Can a scientific theory ever be absolutely proven?
Physics of a guitar
Man on  treadmill and energy/mass conservation 
Parallel or series connection?
Solution to the Maxwell's equation
Imaginary voltage in simple RC circuit
What is Supersymmetry (SuSy)?
Tower redshift paradox
Why did my frozen water bottle explode when I opened it after it defrosted a bit?
Physical interpretation: weighted eigenvalues of the Laplacian with a potential
How to calculate time dilation in approaching speed of light
How is the universe expanding?
What does spin 0 mean exactly?
Intrinsic Viscosity
Is it possible to send a single photon from a distant planet (say Mars) and detect its arrival at a site on Earth?
Does regular sky clouds stops the sun's ultraviolet rays?
How many sigma did the discovery of the W boson have?
Is space unending?
Does the wave nature of a particle refer to the wave function?
Why does Joule-Thomson expansion of a gas do no (external) work?
Newton's law of gravitation in complex form
Why are there only perfectly anti-correlated quantum states, not perfectly correlated?
Does the Fundamental Frequency in a Vibrating String NOT Necessarily Have the Strongest Amplitude?
Counting degrees of freedom of gauge bosons
Does turbulence violate Galilean relativity?
May molecules of ideal gases have an inner structure?
Can cannonballs go through water?
Coriolis Effect and the Space Shuttle
Could someone remind me of what we mean by zero electric field "inside" a conductor?
Twistor notation in space-time (Part 1) 
Principal value integral
Does irrotational imply inviscid?
Where can one learn about dispersion relations for S-matrices?
scattering theory quantization condition
Quantum levitation (locking) 3mm thick disk could carry 1000kg small car claim
Higgs Boson mass in Electron volts?
How and why can random matrices answer physical problems?
Might a planet perform figure-8 orbits around two stars?
Rotation of parabola
models for astrophysical relativistic jets from compact objects
PV cell for invisible spectrum only
How to make neutron activation analysis online or with free software?
Why not accurate masses of elementary particles?
Expressing a unitary operator in terms of a Hermitian operator
Why are subjects upside down when I look through my door peephole?
Meaning of angular velocity in a rotating system
Why is the temperature outside the airplane lower than the ground temperature?
What is the winding number of a magnetic monopole, and why is it conserved?
de Sitter and anti de Sitter metric
What does the discovery of the Higgs Boson mean for physics?
Higgs Boson - only little over GCSE physics?
What does the discovery of Higgs boson mean for steady state theory?
Why do we need Higgs field to re-explain mass, but not charge?
Can the lightning be captured and used as power source?
Sound "exploding" in car's window at certain speed
Is there an analytical solution for fluid flow in a square duct?
What is the difference between pole and running mass?
The Large Hadron Collider produce material residues?
What is the principle behind centrifugation?
Is the Higgs a quantum field or a particle?
Why is Higgs Boson given the name "The God Particle"?
Would the Standard Model allow two energetic photons to form a particle-like, zero-spin resonance?
Why did we need relativity to derive $E=mc^2$?
Conversion of the units BeV (US) and GeV (UN)
Measuring tensor rank of the Higgs resonance
Measured Higgs mass and vacuum stability
Why ballasted gliders fly faster
Practical matter of the Higgs-Mechanism
Is there a way to measure atmosperic pressure without an instrument?
Why does the car clock dim down so much when the headlight is turned on?
Formulation of general relativity
How do I factor in multiple forces into these Newtonian mechanics equations?
Density of states via a Laplace transform
What is the average total heat incident on Earth's surface each hour?
Does a spin-2 particle really return to its previous state after 180° rotation?
Is a hard drive heavier when it is full?
Motivation for "discretized quantum state spaces"
Does Dark Matter interact with Higgs Field?
What is the relationship between Energy, Entropy, and Information?
How would the discovery of Higgs Boson affect superstring theories?
Combining multiple theories with 5 $\sigma$ confidence level
Double gyroscope: Can a spinning pencil tumble on only one axis?
Dimension of vector resulting from tensorial product
What is the ontological status of Faddeev Popov ghosts?
What is the purpose of iron bars in concrete?
What good is extraordinary matter to the consumer?
Physics of Fireworks
where we can find higgs boson particle
How does Higgs Boson get the rest mass?
How do you find spin of a particle from experimental data?
How do we find the frequency of wave propagated along the x-axis?
How to calculate Rest Mass practically with Standard Model?
What happens to matter in a standard model with zero Higgs VEV?
Why can't the functional integral be derived in a mathematically rigorous way?
Does Standard Model confirm that mass assigned by Higgs Mechanism creates gravitational field?
Remaining Potential Experimental Particle Physics Discoveries at the TeV Scale?
Temperature dependence of resistivity in metals
How can a pion have a mass, given it's a "field mediator" and created/destroyed continuously?
How can electric displacement vector field is equivalent to flux density on free space
Angular momentum components as independent integrals of motion
Higgs field questions
Does field energy create rest mass in QFT theories?
Does relativity apply to something experiencing Centripetal forces?
What is the answer to Feynman's Disc Paradox?
How long was a day at the creation of Earth?
Is the Higgs mechanism a fundamental interaction?
Why did Standard Model never sense a requirement to include gravitational quantum?
What does it really mean that particle has a spin of up/down? And how is spin actually meassured?
Why don't cancelling wavefunctions for two different particles give zero total wavefunction? 
From where this number of 14 Tev has arised for proton-proton head on collision in LHC?
How can a particle with no size have angular momentum?
How do photons travel at a speed that should be impossible to attain?
Adding rotation to internal coordinates
Using Moments to influence the thickness of beams in structure?
How to define a field?
Hilbert of quantum gravity: bulk $\otimes$ horizon
If quarks didn't have mass, could protons (and neutrons) exist?
Deviation from power law distribution of earthquakes
Speaker cabinet to improve sound of mobile phone loudspeaker (music)
How can sound waves propagate through air?
Higgs field requires a large cosmological constant -- does the Zero Point Field balance it?
Instability of a thrown tennis racquet
Why is ${\partial^i}{\partial_i\phi}$ = ${\partial^i {\phi}}{\partial_i{\phi}}$?
Painting wine botles
How does electricity flow in conductor when potential difference is applied?
Can a huge gravitational force cause visible distortions on an object
What has been measured at the Higgs experiment and what do we know now?
Maxwell's equations in microscopic and macroscopic forms, and quantization
Neutron decay and electron anti neutrino $n\to p + e + \bar{\nu}_e$
Can entanglement be used to decrease entropy of two systems?
Why are the physical sciences described perfectly by mathematics?
If electromagnetic fields give charge to particles, do photons carry charge?
How can I calculate the flow rate necessary for a given cross sectional area, angle, and length
Why is the (free) neutron lifetime so long?
How would a semi-classical particle react to the double slit experiment?
How do we end up with a gravity-dominant macroscopic universe from a quantum world having weakest gravity?
Sunrise time across the globe?
From quantization under external classical gauge field to a fully quantized theory
Do protons in the beam on LHC interact with photons?
What is the difference of the two stable states of a Flip-flop?
Friction at zero temperature?
Phase space volume and relativity
Will an entangled idler electron induce a current in a conductor if the signal elctron's spin is measured?
A question from Srednicki's QFT textbook
Why are there some inconsistencies with the underlying principle of center of gravity and rotational inertia?
Dirac equation as canonical quantization?
One-dimensional (1D) CdSe nanostructures
Quantum spin in a rotating reference frame
Why Pauli exclusion instead of electrons canceling out?
Do particles interact with the Higgs field more at higher speed?
Algorithmic approach for applying Kirchhoff's Rules to circuit analysis
What equations/constants were used to calculate the Kármán Line for Earth?
Compton scattering vs. photoelectric effect
Compton scattering angle
How is energy transferred from one incompressible fluid to another?
Is GPS time measuring the proper time on the mean sea level or the GPS station itself?
Is there any difference between these Differential $dx^2$ and $(dx)^2$?
Magnetic field inside a charged stream
Cannon on spacecraft: hitting yourself
pattern of moving electrons in wire under AC
What is the relationship between distinguishability and probability in Quantum mechanics?
What will be the goal of (V)LHC after receiving upgrades?
Simple Experiment to Demonstrate Special Relativity
How is the stickiness of a fluid measured?
What do spacecraft have in common with atmospheric aeroplanes?
Best Materials Science Introduction Book?
Symmetrical Spinors and Symmetrical Tensors
Mathematical description in GR
What does QFT "get right" that QM "gets wrong"?
What equations govern the formation of droplets on a surface?
If a superconductor has zero resistance, does it have infinite amperage?
Cause of sea ice freezing during an upwell event
Faraday's law and superconductivity
Pressure loss after water goes up and back down 7 stories
Could general relativity and gauge theories in principle be covered in one course?
Can wireless power transfer harm organic life by anyway?
Which topics & books should I read to understand whirlpool, tornado, hurricane etc.?
What causes a force field to be "non-conservative?"
Really basic mechanics and Galilean Relativity question
What if the 126 GeV particle found at LHC that LOOKS like the Higgs is actually not the Higgs Boson?
Can quantum field theory be seen as an epistemic restriction on (quantum) causal structure
Can colliders detect B violation?
Determine the flow and amplitude equation for thermal energy (with Del operator)
How to imagine the following power and torque?
Calculating the period of a quasi-circular orbit
Why I will feel colder when I get out from a swimming pool?
Wave Physics - can a dynamic waveform be constrained to a specific geometry by signal processing alone?
Searching the point group of symmetry
How can coupling with the higgs field slow a particle down?
transformations with commutators and anticommutators that generate displacements
Is my understanding of the mechanics of skidding correct?
How to estimate number of Laue Spot
Sound frequency of dropping bomb
Are there any objective wavefunction collapse theories which are local and forbid superluminal signalling?
Can the inverse of a laser exist?
Is BRST ghost number conserved in quantum gravity?
Why are rebar grooved?
Minimizing the energy of a Slater determinant: why are the Lagrange multiplier elements of a Hermitian matrix?
Effect of boundary conditions on partition functions
Frequency of Vortex Shedding
Standard notation reference
Conversion from barn unit to square meter?
Voros onde dimensional zeta function
Paper plane between two fans - is this possible?
“Relativistic Baseball”
Why does a semiconductor hole have a mass?
Is it dangerous if one elementary particle with high energy penetrates our brain?
The transit of Venus and solar neutrino rates
quadripolar moment in curved space
Higgs field existence and zero energy
Temperature and latent heat
Glass - paper: Stevin's Law
Will adding heat to a material increase or decrease entropy?
center of mass Hamiltonian of a Hydrogen atom
Acceleration of a Free-Falling System with Center-of-Mass Change
Why has the Higgs potential the form it has?
Bohmian Quantum Mechanics diffusion
Euclidean quantum gravity and gravitational instantons
The Dirac Equation with a 6x6 Matrix
Superposition of electron and positron particle states
Why does water flow out of an upside-down bottle? (Rayleigh Taylor Instability)
Discrete sum over an exponential with imaginary argument, considering only every second lattice site?
List of Physical Toys
Schwinger representation of operators for n-particle 2-mode symmetric states
How would this rapid depressurization of water really behave?
Calculate quadrotor propeller torque due to aerodynamic drag
About 2+1 dimensional superconformal algebra
Angular momentum conservation in a central field through the Hamiltonian
How the car keys prevent the shock caused by Static Electricity
use of Mobile phone on Petrol pump
Why is pressure in a liquid the same in all directions?
How does Annihilation work?
formula for transparency of very thin film of metal
Is my electric kettle collecting old water during the week?
Lennard-Jones potential - equilibrium
Non-Newtonian Fluid Stop a Bullet?
Rotational speed of a coil in a uniform magnetic field at equilibrium
Are scalars starting at around 1300 MeV analogous to some kind of sound in the vacuum glue?
The AntiBonding Orbital with Shrinking Interatomic Distance
Flow of liquid among branches
Speed of light is not fixed?
What Observations could undeniably support string theory?
Will Pluto be in the ecliptic plane when New Horizons passes by? Was this deliberate?
What is the minimal set of expectation values I need in a statistical model?
Designing a plausible faster than light drive: the Space Skip Drive
Why does the note played by a flute not change in this case when  the air column is interrupted?
Why does the cosmic censorship conjecture hold so well?
Nature of Derivatives of Anticommuting Variables
Why are galactic centers always brighter than the edges?
Why is an Aircraft Runway NOT like a Teaspoon?
Why does string theory require 9 dimensions of space and one dimension of time?
Are there devices which convert thermal energy to electric energy?
Flow of freezing liquid or a melting solid
How does one quantize the phase-space semiclassically?
What's next after Higgs Boson discovery?
Is a photovoltaic cell on an artificial satellite the same construction as one used on Earth's surface?
Can you launch an item farther by slamming into it or accelerating it along a length
Why is Titan able to maintain an atmosphere, and not Luna?
What parameters determine the acceleration a spacecraft can acquire using the gravity of a celestial body?
Naive Question About Batteries
How would one navigate interstellar space?
critical density to create macroscopic nuggets of nuclear matter
What does a non-perturbative theory mean?
Electric Field on Surface of Capacitor
Can cosmic inflation be explained by matter antimatter reactions?
Geometry inside the event horizon
Please explain me how the Higgs boson gives mass to other particles, more detail?
Noether current for the Yang-Mills-Higgs Lagrangian
Is there a "map" of the interplanetary transport network?
Higgs boson and other properties of particles.
How can a deSitter space have finite size?
How we can find the kinetic energy?
Which particle rolls faster? Is the speed of the particles which are rolling differs with their shape?
Funny recurrence in escape velocity calculation of some planets
X-ray diffraction from crystals and time-averaging
Electromagnetic field of unpolarized light
Is this a valid understanding of Newtonian mechanics?
What if a normal digital clock used to measure time in twin paradox?
How do I show that all Brillouin zones have the same volume?
What's an efficient way to produce graphite on TEM-Grids?
Atmosphere above huge fire areas (e.g., "fire ocean")?
Why can't gauge bosons have mass?
Why conserved quantities in quantum mechanics are experimentally interesting?
Why is the canonical ($NVT$) ensemble often used for (classical) molecular dynamics (MD) simulations?
Why and how is sound produced when two objects hit each other?
Does the Lorentz transformation not apply to light?
The required energy to accelerate a particle from one velocity to another
Could quarks and leptons mix if they carried flavor charges?
Absolute value sign when normalizing a wave function
What is a tensor?
Does the molten salt used at projects such as Gemasolar need to be replaced after some cycles?
Atomic structure and corresponding superpartner behavior
Reference request for low entropy big bang
Why must $\Psi (x,t)$ go to zero faster than $\frac{1}{\sqrt{|x|}}$?
Reference request: FLRW with k>0, dust, and positive cosmological constant
Is our universe the only universe out there or are there also other possible universes?
Relation between Newtons and Kilograms
random triggers
Why is the second order perturbative correction to the ground state energy always down?
Variable speed of light in cosmology
What is the origin of non-conservative force?
Use of Monte-Carlo simulation in High-energy Physics
A wobbly pan on an induction cooker, is it less effective?
In condensed matter simulations, how is particle number density computed in practice?
Is the potential energy in a compressed spring a Lorentz invariant?
Why are particles different sizes?
Significant Figures
What is the rate of B violation expected in the standard model during high energy collisions?
Basic Concepts of Water Pressure for Plumbers
A question on intereference experiment with water waves as given in the Feynman Lectures on Physics
Is there an intuitive description of vacuum entanglement?
What are some mechanics examples with a globally non-generic symplecic structure?
What exactly is a kilogram-meter?
Does the Higgs boson (or the 125 GeV boson, if it's not exactly the Higgs as predicted) occur in nature?
Classical limit of the path integral formulation of quantum mechanics
Classical limit of quantum mechanics
Is there a physical reason steel balls are not suitable to play billiards with?
Why do we still not have an exact (constants-based) definition for a kilogram?
Phase shift of 180 degrees of transversal wave on reflection from denser medium
Smooth trajectory on a smooth manifold
How to capture electomagnetic radiation/waves?
Relative Speed vs speed of light
From where does the force/energy of action-reaction comes from? (Newton's Third Law of Motion)
Deducing from the double slit experiment that electrons mostly behave like particles
What is a clock?
Is 4-volume element a scalar or a pseudoscalar in special relativity?
Fan blade physics
According to General Relativity, Does The Past "Exist"?
Hermitian operator ?? is this possible
How should I interpret the expectation value $\langle x p\rangle$ in quantum mechanics?
Liquid crystal polarizes light reflection question
Does gravity slow the expansion of the universe?
Concave Sphere Habitat characteristics
Are there any well-known theories successfully unifying the inertial and gravitational mass?
Inverse square law in 2+1 dimensional universe from a Yukawa coupling?
light absorbing diodes characteristics
Experimental tests of Cluster Decmposition
Question about entropy and "smart materials" (that remember shape)
Finding deceleration and velocity using distance and time
Discreteness and Determinism in Superstrings?
Is there a list of all atomic electron state transitions and the corresponding radiation emitted?
Using the covariant derivative to find force between 't Hooft-Polyakov magnetic monopoles
How can things at the event horizon slow down and appear to stop to a remote observer?
Direction of rotation of a celing fan
Can you use PCR to make a standard kg?
Partition function of an interacting gas
Where do the terms microcanonical, canonical and grand canonical (ensemble) come from?
Gauge invariance of gg->gg scattering amplitude?
squeezed radiation astronomy
Classical Limit of the Feynman Path Integral
Does a FTS work on the same principle as a michelson (amplitude division) interferometer?
What is the approximate electrical conductivity $\sigma$ of graphene in S/m or S/cm?
how to stop water reaching up inside an under water structure (see video)
Can an object move without relying upon Newtons third law?
The possibility of free electrical energy?
Magnet and energy conservation
Does a celestial system exhibit a collective magnetic field?
Why do wheels appear to revolve opposite to the direction they are rotating?
Are "typical" black holes rotating or static?
Hamilton-Jacobi Equation
What will happen if a plane trys to take off whilst on a treadmill?
Does every elementary particle have its own separate field?
On the naturalness problem
Why is my ballpoint pen spatially temperamental?
Stokes' theorem and alike for fractal surfaces
What is the proper time used in relativistic non-equilibrium statistical physics?
What controls whether a ball will skid or roll?
Apparent contradiction between quantum calculations and intuition for reflection at step potential?
Areas of computer science required for quantum computing
Introduction to differential forms in thermodynamics
Why are coke bottles that much fizzier if you shake them?
What's the meaning of the general solution and the particular solution in differential equations?
Black hole Cyg X-1 doesn't seem dense enough
Is there a simple explanation for Schwinger's relation $g=2+\frac{\alpha}{\pi}+{\cal O}(\alpha^2)$ for the $g$-factor of the electron?
magnetic moment of proton
Is it possible to control a treadmill's tread speed such that a plane on the treadmill will be prevented from moving?
Need advice on bluff-body aerodynamic research
What does anthropic mean as in Anthropic principle?
Integration of partition-function over many momentum variables
Question about laws of conservation in electrodynamics
Optical Drive Physics
What physical forces give rise to the peculiar bond angle of hydrogen peroxide?
Determining Orbital Velocity
How does a particle move in Water?
Standing wave and energy flux
Mean free path of UV photon
About an electrostatics integral and a delta-function kernel
What entities create a gravitational field?
How do we deal with Gribov ambiguities when calculating in quantum gauge theories?
Why do we consider the evolution (usually in time) of a wave function?
Hamiltonian mechanics and special relativity?
Is there anything special about the Sun's photosphere in terms of density?
Computing an average escape distance for a particle
How much data is stored in our bodies?
Could we build a super computer out of wires and switches instead of a microchip?
Schrodinger equation from Klein-Gordon?
The System and the Measuring Gadget
Superspace Uncertainty Principle
What is the difference between a battery and a charged capacitor?
fourth rank tensor for stress energy
How long must two surfaces be in contact for vacuum weld/cementing to occur?
Why does laser light not affect glowing materials?
What does the latin letter mean in Bayer name of a star such as "$\Upsilon$ Andromedae $b$"?
What is the most energy-efficient way to crush the hardest bedrock on earth?
Image contrast as function of exposure for a CCD detector
Measurement and uncertainty principle in QM
QM without complex numbers
How convincing is the evidence for dark matter annihilation at 130 GeV in the galactic center from the Fermi Satellite data?
Kolgomorov entropy issues
Degeneracy of Energy Levels for 2 identical particles in a One Dimensional box
How the frequency of the oscillation is affected?
Showing $ m\int \frac{d\textbf{v}}{dt} \dot \normalsize \textbf{v}dt = \frac{m}{2}\int \frac{d(v^2)}{dt}{}dt$
Showing $ \textbf{F} \cdot d\textbf{s} = -dV$ is equivalent to $ F_s = -\frac{\partial V}{\partial s}$
can we apply WKB method for curved space times
fit funtion to the Sun electron fluxes data
Why Gravity attracts all objects with the same speed?
quantum curvature
Dyson Schwinger equation
Increase the signal-to-noise ratio of photomultiplier
Quark Radius Upper Bound
Why does vibration loosen screws?
How do mirrors work?
What voltages are used to "safely" shock someone (as in a carnival game)
Effects of a non-Lorentz-invariant vacuum state
MVH amplitudes and the unitarity method
The expansion of space time (EST)..and the one directional flow of time?
Why isn't the maximum eigenvalue of $J_z$ squared equal to the maximum eigenvalue of $J^2$?
How is angular momentum measured in experiments/in practice?
Many-worlds: how often is the split how many are the universes? (And how do you model this mathematically.)
Can quantum mechanics really be the same as underlying deterministic theory?
How do I adjust the kinematic equations to avoid reaching speeds faster than light?
How could we experience multiverse through cosmic background radiation?
Are timelike diffeomorphisms really redundancies in description in quantum gravity?
At what time exactly does decoherence happen? and retrodating
Which universe had a beginning? The universe or the observable universe?
Is it possible that quantum mechanics is not truely fundamental?
Can you prepare the superposition of two arbitrary light beams?
Laws of gravity for a universe that only consists of two objects?
Is it possible to use a powder-based firearm in space?
Inefficiency Comparison of Car Air Conditioning vs. Open Windows
Can ship/boat propellers be placed, with adequate protection, alongside the fuselage instead of at the back?
Can general relativity be completely described as a field in a flat space?
What are the applications of delta function potentials?
What should I call an n>4 dimensional Minkowski metric?
How do I extend the Lorentz transformation metric to dimensions>4?
Question regarding the Bohm interpretation
Is this claim from historician true for physicist point of view?
What is difference between the miltary radar in 1940's from commercial antenna that is for the use of TV
Historical: Natural vs unnatural parity mesons
particle accelerators and Heisenberg uncertainty principle
Hamiltonian and the space-time structure
Mean-field theory in 1D Ising model
limits on a gauss box of light
What happens to a delta-wing plane when it's nose is tilted away from the line of motion 30 to 45 degrees horizontally?
Can methane be used as a fuel to launch space vehicles?
How did Cook and other astronomers time the 1769 Venus transit?
Superconductor: What form of paramters (like London penetration depth) to use?
What's the evidence supporting 1 singular Big Bang?
Units of Distance, Pressure, and Temperature
What is $k_B$ in the context of this question?
Lagrangian of two particles connected with a spring, free to rotate
Double internal energy, how much will the entropy change?
Coefficients in V-A interaction
What is electron momentum density in solids and molecules?
Is temperature quantized?
Having trouble seeing the similarity between these two energy-momentum tensors
Is it possible to split a single light beam into two beams of opposite circular polarization?
Constant Volume vs. Constant Pressure?
Relation between comoving distance and conformal time?
Has anyone else thought about gravity in this way?
What is the physical meaning of diffusion coefficient?
when is the stationary phase approximation exact?
Is energy extensivity necessary in thermodynamics?
Working with $\delta$s to use principle of virtual work
Is there any good gauge-fixing prescription for discrete gauge symmetries?
Why doesn't the anthropic principle select for N=2 SUSY compactifications with an exactly zero cosmological constant?
What is the generalization, if any, of the weak and dominant energy conditions to SUGRA?
What are the effects of cosmic rays on consumer electronics?
Why position is not quantized in quantum mechanics?
What is the splitting structure of a state in thermal equilibrium in MWI?
What is the history behind the factors of 3 in the classification of electromagnetic radiation?
Angles on swing sets
Can light exist in $2+1$ or $1+1$ spacetime dimensions?
Parallel-plate capacitor
(If and) Why does cold temperature affect semiconductors?
Falling into a black hole
Is the acceleration and deceleration of a wave instantanious?
How to explain $E=mc^2$ mass defect in fission/fusion?
How do we distinguish between virtual particle exchange and particle decay?
After quantization of electron vibrations, do we need electrons anyway?
How to observe a particle with indefinite position?
Confused about indices of the Ricci tensor
What Cat States of light have been experimentally produced?
Combining Proportions to get Newton's Law of Universal Gravitation
Can a free hydrogen atom constitute ionizing radiation?
Can one make a ball rotate around a vertical axis using only a combination of horizontal axis rotations?
Why is the crust of my meat pie only slightly warm?
Finding the tension in rope tied to ladder using the principle of virtual work
How do Anamorphic images work?
What does symplecticity imply?
Why does the water-pressure of my shower fall if I hold the shower head high?
Charges of quarks and leptons
A problem concerning the change of temperature and spectrum of a filament
Under what assumptions can we split a Hilbert space into subspaces?
Probability vs. degree of belief in facts of nature ("Plausibility")
Inner product of four-vectors in special relativity
Conjugate Transpose of Hamiltonian Matrix
Gas Cylinder Life
Average Neighbouring Impurity Separation in a Random 1D chain
Poisson structure comes from hamiltonian?
Why is Gravitational force proportional to the masses?.
Where is the critical moment where the microcanonical ensemble enters the justification for the equilibium state?
Taking the continuum limit of $U(N)$ gauge theories
motion in the body-fixed frame?
In electro-optic material, what is happening to the structure of the material for the index of refraction to change?
uncertainty of fields with many harmonic modes
Wilson loops and gauge invariant operators (Part 1) 
Why does thermal resistance go down as temperature goes up?
Is Connes model a composite Higgs in disguise?
Calculating the time of dawn
Partition Function for the Jaynes-Cummings Hamiltonian
Need help understanding dynamic and static contact angles
Can physics get rid of the continuum?
The trajectory of a projectile launched from a hilltop
Is it feasible for an unmanned vehicle to travel from outside the atmosphere of one planet to another without additional propulsion?
How do I solve these integrals of wave function and operator?
What role does memory robots play in the many worlds interpretation?
PhD Research Areas in String Theory
Why does tension not do work in this pulley system? etc
Why do strings split in string theory?
Is it theoretically possible to reach $0$ Kelvin?
How do I calculate the Radiation length of a Molecule
What isotope has the shortest half life?
What happened to Apollo's Saturn-third-stage rockets?
Doping of pentavalent atom with hexavalent atom
Should the term Watt's Law be used for $P = IV$?
Is hydrogen the same everywhere?
How to calculate Temperature Humidity Wind Index?
How can Hilbert spaces be used to study the harmonics of vibrating strings?
Can $10^{23}$ stars be treated with methods of statistical mechanics?
fun computational physics projects
Is the stress finite at the centre of a spherical continuous charge distribution?
Latent heat vs temperature of phase transitions?
Simple PDE as a theory of everything?
Question on conduction
Hall conductivity and edge response
Rotation, cats landing on their feet, and conservation of angular momentum
uncertainty deviations for vacuum astronomy
Can I study Quantum Computing or Quantum Mechanics with an Engineering background?
Is there some connection between the Virial theorem and a least action principle?
Representation of phase in quantum mechanics
Gauss Law for Magnetism,Non Instantaneous Field Propagation
Counting electromagnetic modes in a rectangular cavity and boundary conditions
Why are bricks typically constructed to have six faces at, or near right-angles to each the other?
Can extremely charged objects simulate some black hole effects?
Question about units in Lagrangian dynamics (inertia matrix)
Symplectic integrators of the pendulum equation?
Size of universe after inflation?
Interactions Between the poles of the same magnet
What's the right way to calculate the principal moment of inertia?
vector-scalar gravity
quantum field description of squeezing
Shouldn't LHC have used $p\bar{p}$ collisions, instead of $pp$ collisions, to study baryogenesis?
How to decide convergence of the ensemble average in a Monte Carlo process
R charge of the chiral multiplet in $2+1$ dimensions
Explanation for $E~$ not falling off at $1/r^2$ for infinite line and sheet charges?
Looking for a list of possible subatomic particle collisions
Expansion of space
How are quantum potential wells fabricated?
How does a holographic object change perspective when the image is rotated?
A nonintegrable quantum system whose classical limit is integrable?
Polarization true or false: Repeating circular filters is different from repeating linear filters?
Acceleration of a car required to reach point B with velocity D from point A with velocity C in time T
Does black hole complementarity apply to white holes?
Is particle number a problem for formulating statistical physics in a mathematically rigorous manner?
How do you simulate chiral gauge theories on a computer?
Why aren't we Boltzmann brains in an infinite universe?
What counts as an observer and memory states in quantum interpretations?
Advice on classes: Theoretical Mechanics vs E&M II
Is there mathematical proof of the vectorial character of the strong and em forces?
In which way is decoherence not symmetric between the two considered systems?
What is the status of Mpemba effect investigations?
total noise power of a resistor (all frequencies)
Surface terms for field path integrals?
Radioactive decay, why such unintuitive formula? 
What is unification, unified interactions, or dualities between interactions?
Computing the Poynting vector?
Why Silver atoms were used in Stern-Gerlach experiment?
Second law of thermodynamics and the arrow of time: why isn't time considered fundamental?
Multiplicity of eigenvalues of angular momentum
Zigzag flow of water along a vertical glass window
Top quark production questions
There are plans to develop a better definition of a "second". How does the current definition fall short?
Why are there photographs of nuclear tests?
Reflectance vs. Thin Metal film Thickness Graph
How is a cathode ray tube different from beta minus radiation?
Can a fly pierce itself onto a cactus needle?
Charge-less, Mass-less, Spin Fields
Does the expression of the orbital magnetic dipole moment have $c$?
Are there still Big Bang Gravitational effects
How are quantum phenomena in atoms and molecules protected against decoherence?
What is a completely positive map *physically*?
Rotating mirror - Foucault's measurement of light speed
Is the Chern-Simons integral of gauge fields over black hole singularities zero?
What sort of "mass" is explained by the Higgs mechanism?
How is this a condition for a Majorana zero mode?
Coupling of vector gauge and a massive tensor field
are pinch-off bubbles valid solutions to general relativity?
Functional Derivation of Holonomy
Relation between coordinates and frames of reference
Why does it seem that the potential difference dependence of capacitance and total energy stored in a parallel-plate capacitor are contradictory?
Why do beverages taste different based on how cold they are?
What is the spectrum of the Earth's albedo?
How to build a lab at home/school? (general purpose, sophisticated, reliable and cheap)
Dual Resonance Model: Fermions
What would happen if a hydrogen bomb were to explode in Saturn's atmosphere?
What is the physical interpretation of harmonic coordinates?
Does the potential energy related to a particle determines its rest mass?
Cyclic co-ordinates implying the constant velocity motion of center of mass of a system of particles
Do rotating bodies emit gravitational waves?
Gauge fixing choice for the gauge field $A_0$
Examples of discrete Hamiltonians?
Why doesn't sound travel through walls?
What is the speed for an object that travel close to the speed of light?
Can anyone explain this demonstration with a helium balloon?
Can gravity be absent?
Looking for the curve traced by a moving bicycle when its steering bar is fully rotated
Time dilation - why the observers see each other the slow one but then one of them is older or younger?
Covariant derivative and Leibniz rule
Pedagogic reference for calculation of 2-loop anomalous dimension (supersymmetric)
Why does burning magnesium explode when sprinkled with water?
Ideal 2D Unicycle Kinematics
The theory of moon creation when a Mars size planet hit Earth
Why does a photograph of a face look like it is always watching you?
Lepton masses in the Standard Model
Relation among anomaly, unitarity bound and renormalizability
Implementing a black-body using Planck's Law in a 3D ray tracer
Why $\lambda\phi^4$ theory, where $\lambda>0$, is not bounded from below?
condensed matter physics must reads
Why is $\Delta x \Delta k \approx 1$ in any pulse?
What is the difference between a bounded orbit and a closed orbit?
Classical and quantum anomalies
What's the relation between perturbative and nonperturbative QFT?
Some very basic questions on the Higgs Boson
What colour is nothing?
Randomly sampling a "well-mixed" solution of Brownian particles
Reflectance of Titanium as Function of Thin Film Thickness
What is a good introductory book on quantum mechanics?
How to calculate temperature and entropy on Schwarzschild-de Sitter space
4th order feynman-diagrams for $e^- + \mu^+ \to \nu_e + \bar{\nu}_\mu$
How do you start learning physics by yourself?
why is advanced radiation absent?
From what we know about QM and Elements could we simulate the Universe in a Computer?
Quantum Zeno effect and unstable particles
Do particles gain mass only at energy levels found during the big bang?
Hypothetical very massive particles
How come a photon acts like it has mass in a superconducting field?
Motion of a plank hinged about a point
Must all symmetries have consequences?
What is the shortest run needed for a "dropped skateboard" rider to reach 160 mph?
Why are white holes the same thing as black holes in quantum gravity?
Are the only observables in string theory the S-matrix?
What is invisible to x-rays?
Calculate mass of air in a tyre from pressure
Bohr model with all Quantum numbers for hydrogen atom
What is the physical meaning of weak expectation values?
Is spacetime discrete or continuous?
Calculating conductivity from Green's functions
Is it possible to lift yourself off from the ground?
Magnitude refers to number or number with units?
Why is there this asymmetry between the two foci of an orbital ellipse?
Electrial Conductivity of Thin Metal Films
Wilson loops and gauge invariant operators (Part 2)
How do you determine the degree of localization of a wavefunction?
Demonstrate magnets adhere to conservation of energy pursuant to the laws of thermodynamics
Very basic question on spin
If light diverges, how can there be a virtual image?
Scattering problem: Expression for angular momentum of particle
Human Kinematics:Does velocity or acceleration become zero at the moment of changing human limbs' direction of movement?
Matter wave of multiple particles of different types
End position of movement factoring in deceleration
Can human hand move at a speed rate like this baseball pitch or is it just the speed of ball?
Matrix Representations of Quantum States and Hamiltonians
What do we actually mean when we say that matter is a wave?
What would the universe be like if Electroweak symmetry were unbroken?
How precisely can we date the recombination?
Intuitive explanation to why superconductivity breaks at high temperatures
Is the universe linear? If so, why?
Equations of fluid dynamics and differential geometry
Particle as a representation of the Lorentz group
How do people get the proton number for each element from experiment?
experiment proposal to validate microcausality
wave superposition of electrons and quarks
What's the electric field intensity inside parallel-plate capacitor filled with water?
Is mass of the parent star is equal to the mass of the born blackhole
How is $\frac{dQ}{T}$ measure of randomness of system?
What is the mechanism for fast scrambling of information by black holes?
Was Planck's constant $h$ the same when the Big Bang happened as it is today?
How to measure electrical resistance?
Relation for Dirac-spinors of different helicities
Will the Big Rip tear black holes apart?
How the radio-freqency magnetic field helps to record fluorescence signal
Relativity - time dilation
How is dark energy consistent with conservation of mass and energy?
Hawking radiation from point of view of a falling observer
What's up in this SPAWAR video?
Non-Locality and Entanglement
Is there a sound theoretical argument against inner-shell induced nuclear chain reactions?
Suvat equations in reverse direction
Radiation from farther galaxies
Does String theory say that spacetime is not fundamental but should be considered an emergent phenomenon?
Does a coronal mass ejection change solar neutrino emission rates?
What is the relationship between Luminosity, Intensity, and Flux?
Positive emf? What does positive emf mean?
Is quantum entanglement functionally equivalent to a measurement?
Why do rolling disc (coin) move in circular path?
First Postulate of Special Relativity: What does it mean?
How to take the limit from 3D to 1 D in quantum mechanics?
What are hadrons anyway?
A basic confusion about what is an atom
Find the real height of an object by eyes
Possibility of making dark energy equivalent with dark matter
Understanding Tensors
Where 2 comes from in formula for Schwarzschild radius?
Calculating the magnetic flux density of a thin, flat conductor
Derivation of the enhancement of U(1)$_L$ x U(1)$_R$ to SU(2)$_L$ x SU(2)$_R$ at the self-dual radius
Why are planetary systems so rare?
Red light on blue object (for graphics software)
Why and how is nondegenerate perturbation theory used for time evolution under $\vec{L}.\vec{S}$ coupling?
Existence of creation and annihilation operators
Why are there two ways to solve for energy of a spring?
The notion of bounded states in quantum mechanics and their characterization with operators
Multi-component mixture phase equilibrium criteria
How could two current flow in the opposite direction?
How can a strong water current be cold
Quantum mechanic newbie: why complex amplitudes, why Hilbert space?
When was the earliest understanding that the stars were similar to the Sun?
How will you measure speed in km/hr in space?
wavefunction collapse and uncertainty principle
References for nuclear masses, mass deficits, decay rates and modes
Cosmological constant of standard model of cosmology and observational data
Free fall of two spheres made of same materials, different masses, with air resistance
Is eternal inflation Lorentz invariant?
Why are radians more natural than any other angle unit?
Space Elevator on Mars with Today's Technology Possible?
Photoelectric effect without light rays
Why equivalence principle is principle and not law?
Could you make a bar of metal glow by forcing the charge density on the surface to oscillate?
Why not using cosmic rays to study HEP, since they are way more energetic than LHC?
Time-dependence in LCAO
What is the attenuation spectrum of radio waves in pure water?
Bound states in QCD: Why only bound states of 2 or 3 quarks and not more?
Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution and total energy per unit volume
What does the concept of phase space mean in particle physics?
Can fusion and fission happen at the same time, in the same place?
Will a charged capacitor discharge if one lead is connected to ground?
How do I find work done by friction over a curve represented by a polynomial?
Why does a point charge generate an electric field and why is an electric field represented by this formula?
Voltage and resistance in series connection
Convergance of a system to Boltzmann distribution
Is the spacetime interval between the Big Bang and a given event dependent only on the time component?
Time to establish saturated vapour pressure above liquid
What is happening over the 15 minutes it takes a neutron to decay?
How do electrons know which path to take in a circuit?
Height of the atmosphere - conflicting answers
Problems in the modern semiconductor/electronics technology?
prove that flat shape minimizes a functional
Shock speed in air/vacuum shock tube
Why is the probability that Kip could go back and kill his grandfather  $10^{-10^{60}}$?
On Bell's Inequality (Classical Intuition) and Quantum Mechanical Counter Intuition
Gravitation within galaxies
Why does the higher of two medical IV bags empties first?
What does $\textbf{f} = -\boldsymbol{\nabla} u$ mean in practice and how is it computed?
Relating angular and linear kinematics
why is total electron energy of an electron in metal negative?
What is the fundamental differences between bound and entangled states
Do you feel more impact force when falling straight down or tipping over?
Why are the inner products of the eigenfunctions of an operator with a discrete eigenvalue spectrum guaranteed to exist?
The impossible possibility - weightless mass
Why do electrons make a Fermi sphere?
Ghosts in Pauli Villars Regularization
As the universe expands, why do some things stretch but not others?
Is it safe to study from MIT and Berkeley course series, or they contain wrong information?
Why does physics not attempt to explain observations in addition to describing them?
What is the Principle of Maximum Conformality?
Energy required to kick a planet orbiting the Sun from an elliptical to a parabolic path
Non-conservative Electric Field
What is the diameter of the sun as a function of wavelength/frequency (around 10GHz)?
When I connect two charged capacitors side by side, what will be the voltage across them?
EPR paradox and uncertainty principle
Momentum in quantum mechanics
Condition for circular orbit
electrons in an atom and uncertainty principle
Any examples of negative ADM energy solutions with WEC but not DEC satisfied?
Is Joule heating only between charged particles?
Would Einstein have accepted the presumptions that lead to the Bell inequality?
What's the relationship between quantum entanglement and the relativity of time?
How do Temperature Scales work?
Stationary states with a pair of hamiltonian equations
Why is there a wave on the water surface when I put something in the water?
Bohr's model of an atom doesn't seem to have overcome the drawback of Rutherford's model
Triple slit experiment
Is temperature an extensive property, like density?
How is acceleration computed in the leap-frog algorithm in computer simulations of particles?
How to charge an object with electricity
What are the units or dimensions of the Dirac delta function?
The energy level of electrons in an atom depend on $l$?
Classical Limit of Schrodinger Equation
Change in appearance of liquid drop due to gravity
Classical Limit of Commutator
Quantum Decoherence and Macroscopic Phenomena
Is large-scale "time reversal" (Poincaré recurrence) possible given infinite time?
Electro-gravitation - is it real?
Is quantum perturbation theory taught in college?
Electric potential of sphere
The electron jumps and lets loose photons
What is the Zero-dispersion wavelength?
what is wrong with the following argument about stokes law in compact universes?
Can the Klein-Gordon Equation represent Particles with non-zero spin?
Mechanism of pair production and annihilation of matter
Base states with hamiltonian matrix
Carnot efficiency, coefficient of performance for a refrigerator
Does the speed of light vary in non-inertial frames?
The appearance of volume $V$ in the Fourier series representation of a periodic cubic system
The ideal trampoline
Entanglement of qubits circuit- Bell states
The Stern Gerlach Experiment Revisited
Creating a fair 3 sided coin
Constraining two-point functions of boundary operators on the disk
Event horizons are untraversable by observers far from the collapse?
Calculating impact force for a falling object?
How do aerospace engineers choose a landing system? (Curiosity rover)
Why are objects at rest in motion through spacetime at the speed of light?
Can the equation $v=\lambda f$ be made true even for non sinusoidal waves?
How can one know if one has a Majorana fermion?
Proof of charge existence on a grounded conductor
How do I integrate the Poisson equation to determine the electric potential along a particular direction (e.g., $z$)?
Is it possible to make use of paper/bill permeate by chemical compound to became a paper-made bullet-proof vest?
Cellular automata rules for quantum mechanics
Euler angle: space-fixed vs body-fixed axes
Topological phase
How can we be sure about the constancy of atomic clocks as in the Hafele and Keating time dilation test?
Does a toy top weigh less when it is spinning?
How much force is required to propel a bicycle?
Gravitation is not force?
usage of partition function in some number of particles in one-dimensional axis
Is momentum conservation for the classical Schrödinger equation due to non-relativistic or due to some more exotic invariance?
Applying uncertainty principle and the difference in $\Delta x$
Does the large red shift value of galaxies mean they are far away?
Using Lorentz Invariance of Charge To Calculate Current Density
undergrduate physics courses in American colleges
Is dimensional analysis used outside fluid mechanics and transport phenomena?
Is there an analogue of configuration space in quantum mechanics?
How to compute the speed necessary for an airplane to fly?
Entanglement: Is it possible to prepare and reset probabilities to send information?
Questions from elevator ride
What is the escape velocity of a Black Hole?
Does spontanous symmetry breaking affect Noethers theorem?
Could dark energy be powered by force particles that obey quantum mechanics?
Can inductance or resistance be negative or "infinite"?
Could the Higgs boson field be responsible for the dramatic mass increase when an object begins to travel close to the speed of light?
What allows new born suns to travel away from each other?
In which cases is it better to use Gauss' law?
Mathematical derivation of $N(\lambda)d\lambda$
Hanging a Hammock
Does reactive force require the two force involved have to have two different medium for reactive force to occur?
What is the equation of the gravitational potential in general relativity?
How is the 'cluster decomposition principle' implemented in holographic theories?
At what rate does radiation exposure occur at high-c speeds?
What are the properties of the partially polarized light on refraction?
How does nature prevent transient toroidal event horizons?
Why do some anomalies (only) lead to inconsistent quantum field theories
How can one know if a theory allow action at a distance effects or not?
What is better than time-dependent perturbation theory if the pointer states aren't energy eigenstates?
Do the four fundalmental forces of physics have a constant acceleration as gravity
Winding Rubber Band
what is the relationship between these two sorts of anomalies?
Charge Analog of the Higgs Boson?
Why is it that protons and electrons have exactly the same but opposite charge?
Is it normal for physical functions to lack a 2nd derivative?
Why water will stay on a piece of toilet paper?
Does the (relativistic) mass change? Why?
Regarding string theory: how to refute the argument "if it cannot be tested experimentally then it is not science"?
Special Relativity Second Postulate
What is the quantity in physics that is advanced from speed?
Is this paragraph on probabilities of sub atomic partials accurate?
A question on the property of proton and neutron?
What is Dalitz decay?
Why do they call it quantum teleportation?
design of the heat exchanger...in chimney
What really goes on in a vacuum?
How close does a meteorite have to be in order to be heard by the human ear?
First class and second class constraints
How does one prove:$\nabla(\vec{\mu_m}\cdot\vec{B})\cdot\vec{dr}=0$?
What's the role of field equation in QFT?
What is the maximum surface charge density of aluminum?
What is Higgs transition?
Expression for the (relativistic) mass of the photon
Do Lagrangian points actually maintain a fixed distance?
Can superdeterminism resolve contextuality, entanglement and Shor's algorithm in quantum mechanics?
Why is the tunnel effect of solid matter not observable in macroscopic objects?
Maximum velocity allowed for motion profile with constant jerk
Handling halogen lamps
Meaning of the first and second laws of the photoelectric effect
Is it wrong to talk about wave functions of macroscopic bodies?
Relation between Electric and magnetic fields
Where does the "borrowed energy" come from in Alpha decay?
Probability, quantum physics, and why (can't it/does it) apply to macroscale events?
Evolution of Gibbs energy change of reaction with temperature
Why is wave function so important?
Formula of Gauss' Law of Gravitation
number of microstates associated with two-level quantum systems
Could the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle turn out to be false?
Negative Mass and gravitation
What is the likelihood of ever discovering the graviton?
Conservation of angular momentum across different reference frames?
Thermal gravitational radiation and its detection
Why the breath sometimes warm and sometimes cold? (2 different explanations!)
Can an electric motor force angular momentum not to be conserved in an isolated system?
How to make a monopole magnet?
Is it possible to build an instrument which can travel faster than light?
Why does the beam in a weighing balance get tilted proportional to the weights added to each pan?
Is there a non-perturbative remormalization? If so, how does it work?
why does gravitational force bring the clouds down?
Does the spin glass corresponding to a restricted Boltzmann machine have a characteristic timescale?
can sound travel is space?
mathematical explanation for UV divergences and $ \delta ^{(n)}(0) $
Space Expansion vs. Relative Motion
In 't Hooft beable models, do measurements keep states classical?
Impact of Apophis
A problem of approximation
How can an object's instantaneous speed be zero and it's instantaneous acceleration be nonzero?
How can there be heat in a vacuum?
Wave Function Statistical Interpretation vs Oscillation Interpretation
Which Schrödinger equation is correct?
Some questions about flavour and R-symmetry in $2+1$ ${\cal N}=3$ theory
How are the masses of unstable elementary particles measured?
Density and statistical models for visible air dust
Mars Curiosity Power System
relativistic acceleration equation
Phase space suppression
gamma ray lasers?
$\lambda=\frac{2h}{p}$ instead of $\lambda=\frac{h}{p}$?
Why do people categorically dismiss some simple quantum models?
Squinting at street lights
Calculating capacitance of integral PCB components
What is the particle residence time for given flow rates of gas mixture components?
Are coffee's properties different enough from water's to cause increased spillage while walking?
A relative time dilation paradox.
Deriving Lagrangian density for electromagnetic field
Is there an observable of time?
Why is Neutron Heavier than Proton?
Symmetries, Generators, Commutators and Observables
Does a fluid's temperature affect the way light passes through it?
Why does a wobbly metal sheet make the sound of thunder?
If a pendulum is on a rotating table, will a torque be generated?
What does the notation $|x_1,x_2\rangle$ mean?
What law of electro-magnetics explains this?
What causes a spark to move along rods that are not parallel?
What would be an appropiate shape for a parachute?
Gauss's Law in action
What is theory of Free Energy Perturbation? How is it applicable to chemical science?
What would be likely to completely stop a subatomic particle assuming it was possible?
what general physical arguments discredit induced emission of nuclei?
Special Relativity: What differential equation describes an accelerated object from a non-inertial reference frame?
A problem on fluid flow
Bigger anti-matter particles
Does effective potential for a gravitational force have a maximum below $E=0$?
Direction of Propagation of Wave
What criteria distinguishes causality from retrocausality?
Applying velocity Verlet algorithm
What exactly does the holographic principle say?
What nonstandard theory  forbids quantum computers?
Is dark matter really present around the sun?
Distinctive properties of liquids
Estimate quarter mile time
What is discontinuity in Vector Fields
Can anything come out from the big bang?
Two-loop regularization
Would the Moon drift away from the Earth due to extraction of tidal energy?
How does non-Hermitian quantum mechanics (PT-symmetric QM) fit in physics?
Parton Distribution Functions plot
Nuclear fuel pellets - when does the chain reaction start?
How is light affected by gravity?
Is a semi-Euclidean space possible?
Tips on teaching Dimensional Analysis?
Free Particle Propagator Using Path Integrals
Why does a cuboid spin stably around two axes but not the third?
Time taken for object in space to fall to earth
Explosion in space
First integral of an equation of motion: $\mu\ddot r=-\frac{k}{r^2}$
The force exerted by a ~10 Tesla magnet on a C13 isotope?
Why porcelain Insulators are brown in colour?
How empty of fuel are spacecraft booster rockets typically?
How does a car turn without any skidding?
Optical waveguide that can displace a 4D light field
Calculate kinematics of body movement from the set of spatial coordinates
ADM Hamiltonian formalism and Quantum gravity
Consequences of destroying a space elevator
Physical -> Chemical -> Nuclear -> (what comes next)
What if microstates increase proportional to universe volume?
Experimental observation of elementary particles?
Does the mass of a battery change when charged/discharged?
What are some significant contributions of string theory to other fields of physics?
Why are Markov chains better than naive algorithm for Random picking?
Hawking radiation and black hole entropy
If the electron is point like, then what is the significance of the classical radius of the electron?
Dimensions of obstacle needed to block light?
Can a combination of two or more x-ray type beams be made to burn tumours at their intersecting focal points inside a body?
On the Discretization of Energy Levels
How necessary is the "exponential explosion" in quantum mechanics?
Do processes $P\propto\frac{1}{V^2}$, $P\propto\frac{1}{V^3}$, $P\propto\frac{1}{V^4}$, etc., exist in the real world?
What is physics of a normal jump?
How does the holographic principle imply nonlocality?
black hole event horizon
maximum positive electric charge of solid body
Understanding the Bose-Fermi dichotomy
Is there really time reversibility in physics?
How to send a spacecraft to the moon without any acceleration
Is it possible to reproduce the energy spectrum of quantum chaos using classical cellular automata?
What makes *electric* charge special (wrt. CPT theorem)?
Reflection positivity in general
Can all quantum superpositions be realized experimentally?
Origin of Elasticity
Is anti-gravity (i.e. repulsive gravity) possible in theoretical physics?
How can black holes have gravity?
Why do we think that quantum entanglement implies action at a distance?
How to show the oblique parameters S, T, and U are coefficients of d=6 operators
How much does electromagnetic radiation contribute to dark matter?
Topological entanglement entropy only defined for a system in the ground state?
Energy balance of closed timelike curves in Gödel's universe
What is "A" in AGeV?
Galileo's dictum and how light cannot violate it
Two trains at the speed of light
Relation between Higgs boson and force of gravitation
Can project LISA will bring us closer to time travel?
Vector Boson Fusion
Can a parallel computer simulate a quantum computer? Is BQP inside NP?
gauss-bonnet gravity constraints from string theory
Plasma and Plasma Globes
't Hooft's landscape of conformally constrained QFTs
Counterexamples to the bulk-boundary correspondence (topological insulators)
Efficiently distinguishing mixed quantum states?
Meaning of $\mathrm{d}\Omega$ in basic scattering theory?
how does accelerating charge produce Electromagnetic radiation?
How to calculate work done by variable kinetic friction force?
How does the inner core relieve stress as the Earth's rotation slows?
Mass Shell in Light Cone Coordinates
Finding the number of particles scattered by a certain angle
What would be the characteristics of Jupiter if it shrank?
Acting the Hamiltonian operator on a function
What is the minimum number of co-ordinates used to perfectly describe the shape,orientation and position of an n-dimensional object?
Why doesn't the percentage of oxygen in Earth's atmosphere diminish significantly with altitude?
Shor's algorithm and Bohmian Mechanics
Calculating time to heat cold water in bowl of hot water
Why no image of the North or the South Pole Weather?
Why do photons travel?
How fast would someone have to run to run over water?
If a star were to suddenly dissapear, would it still have gravity?
Why do photons add mass to a black hole?
Inelastic Collision and incident angle
QFTs which are pure constraint
Very basic question about QFT at finite density
Why does quantum mechanics invalidate one of locality and realism?
Is it Possible to have Adiabatic Processes other than $PV^\gamma$ for the ideal Gas?
Can two electrons never touch each other?
Is it possible to generate an instrument which can generate wireless electricity?
Entropy, flow of informations and fundamental theories
Interpretation of "superqubits"
How can I estimate the elasto-optic coefficients ($p_{11}$ and $p_{12}$) of a material?
Definitions: 'locality' vs 'causality'
Is it best to look at light as a particle when trying to understand special relativity?
Is it possible to transfer classical bits of information faster than light speed?
Coherency matrix of partially polarized light doesn't contain all information on polarization state?
How to recognize broken candies from whole ones
What is the difference between "at all times" and "at any particular time"?
Why can glass absorb ultraviolet light?
Photons and uncertainty principle
Calculating velocities using Reference frames
Design of atomic bomb
relativistic spaceship, CMB radiation and thermodynamics
Anti particles: What exactly is inverted?
Entropy: two explanations for the same quantity?
Determining the spin of wavefunction
A good, concrete example of using "chaos theory" to solve an easily understood engineering problem?
What is the relation of the release time of fossil fuel emissions to climate change?
What were the intention/conclusions for Michelson-Morley experiment?
variations of Einstein equations with conversion between gravitational and non-gravitational energy
The observation of a non-SM resonance at 38 MeV
Parity, how many dimensions to switch?
Chaos is predictable?
What is the difference between parallel universe and multiverse?
If the nucleation bubble radius is greater than the deSitter radius, does that make the de Sitter space stable?
Physics behind Water drops during falling from a tap
Direction of planetary tilt
What are the characteristics of a quadripole circuit element?
In the Wheeler-de Witt formalism, do big bangs act as sources and future singularities as sinks?
Exact energies of spherical harmonic oscillator in Dirac equation
Why does air remain a mixture?
Fluid Dynamics - Water Bottle Drink Mix: Air or No Air?
Is there any simple quantum model by Gerard 't Hooft which can explain the double slit experiment?
Equivalent definitions of primary fields in CFT
Infinite Energy from Bobbing
Currents and magnets
Is "Causality" the equivalent of a claim that the future is predictable based on the present and the past?
How Did Newton's Second Law Get Its Definition?
what breakthrough Physics needs to make quantum computers work?
Battery fully loaded, pull out the chord?
How does power consumption vary with the processor frequency in a typical computer?
On Aharonov–Bohm effect
Noise is a form of dissipation?
How would be tv reception in a spaceship travelling close to speed of light?
Difference in vertical stratification of partial pressure due to gravity
Friction in Physics
"Dynamic Albedo of Neutrons" and all these Farnsworth fusors
At same level do these two pipe lines give same pressure of water?
When do one-point functions vanish?
Huygens-Fresnel principle
Do arXiv links last for the forseeable future?
Why are breeder reactors not more prevalent?
Why isn't Hawking radiation frozen on the boundary, like in-falling matter?
Is it possible for a black hole to form for an observer at spatial infinity?
Is it intuitive that the conserved quantity from time symmetry is what we know as energy?
Really, what is the minimum number of postulates of quantum mechanics?
Can a battery charger be too powerful for a rechargeable battery?
Counting degrees of freedom in presence of constraints
What does 'energy dissipation' in the description of the Kolmogorov Microscales in fluid dynamics mean?
Can raw fissile/fusile minerals be triggered by seismic activity?
An example of non-Hamiltonian systems
Having Trouble With The Principle Of Conservation Of Momentum For a Multiparticle System
How do NASA's Curiosity determine the elemental composition of Mars using spectrometer?
Can entanglement swapping be performed on already-entangled photons, and if so, can it preserve this entanglement over the swap?
Are there dedicated instruments to measurethe viscosity of shear thinning liquids?
Filming light in motion?
If gauge symmetries are fake, then why do we care if they are anomalous?
What percentage of the sky is occluded by stars?
What exactly is the weak portion of the SM gauge group?
Parity and Helicity of the Higgs Boson
does AdS/CFT implies that there is an CFT in physical horizons?
Why does heterodyne laser Doppler vibrometry require a modulating frequency shift?
Has the speed of light changed over time?
Does electric charge affect space time fabric?
Vertical Loop like Anti-gravity
What is meant by correlation propagation?
In solving the hydrogen atom, how to see intuitively in advance that the spin effects to the energy spectrum can be ignored?
Is it the act of measuring a quantum particle that causes it to lose its uncertainty?
Derivative of a Position Eigenket
How the spectrum of the hydrogen atom is checked/detected experimentally?
Seeking an account of fundamental particle physics sensitive to the issue of theory-laden observation
Atmospheric escape of gas molecules
For nonabelian Yang-Mills in the Coulomb phase, can soft gluons render the charge orientation of charged particles indefinite?
What IS reflection?
Origin of Electromagnetic Interactions between Molecules
Quantum mechanics on Cantor set?
Does launching a rocket in lower density air require more or less fuel?
Physical meaning of the sign basis in quantum mechanics
Coordinate transformation from earth to solar
Higgs Boson: The Big Picture
Is it possible to change the path of a single photon?
Angular momentum of a rotating black hole
What is the significance of action?
Does the uncertainty principle apply to photons?
Why does a transformation to a rotating reference frame NOT break temporal scale invariance?
How many anti-particles hit the ground?
What's the wavelength of an electron after hitting a potential barrier?
What are the units of the quantities in the Einstein field equation?
Distinguishing Gamma-rays and stars from each other in nebulas
Does Combining Lasers Add to Their Power?
What does it mean to increase volume by X decibels?
The most efficient Fan Blade Design
Aharonov-Bohm Effect and Flux Quantization in superconductors
What is the status of the Gennes - Alexander theory of Superconducting Micronetworks?
Reversing gravitational decoherence
Bernoulli equation from energy conservation
Can double entanglement preserve correlations?
Scattering problem: Converting the two-body lab frame problem into a one-body center-of-mass frame problem
Elementary derivation of the motion equations for an inverted pendulum on a cart
Does dark matter have to be matter?
Collision problem: Finding the final speed of the collider
How could the unit of a constant be unit of tension $N^{-1}$?
Can a mechanical systems on hold be switched off, in another way than just letting it do it's thing?
How do the energy eigenvalues of rotational degrees of freedom in statistical mechanics come about?
Reflection of Electromagnetic Waves
polarization and frequency of a single photon
Energy shift between hydrogen and deuterium
What happens to electrons in an open circuit?
Calculating the direction of the force acting on a source of magnetic field
In $\textbf{f} = -\boldsymbol{\nabla} u$, what is $u$?
Where does the electricity, generated by a solar panel, go if you don't use the electricity?
Lorentz Invariance of Maxwell Equations
supressing certain decay paths and enhancing others with interference
Why is current not 0 in a regular resistor - battery circuit immediately after you closed a circuit?
Could one transmit a signal with equally-tuned casimir plates across the quantum field?
Can you count “collapses”? How many collapses in the observable universe?
When do the von Neumann projections occur and what causes them?
What makes Poynting's theorem consistent for a charge moving in a static electric field?
Help on unit conversion problem
Aharonov-Bohm vs de Witt
What happens when you shake a can of soda?
Is it safe to ignore derivatives of velocity w.r.t. position and vice versa?
Can I integrate out the fermion field that is not gapped?
Visualise the sound intensity
Antimatter bomb
Why did Einstein get credit for formulating the theory of special relativity?
Mass loss rate of planetary nebulae
Spin polarization of decay products
How to find out the compress happen when some force act on water/oil/air?
Maximal kinetic energy due to gravitational attraction
What happens when a bare 3d topological insulator is subject to a magnetic field?
How to choose a suitable topic for PhD in Physics?
Nuclear fusion : ion vs atom fusion cross section?
Time slowing down problem
Proper notation when working with three Euclidean spatial coordinates in a setting with a time parameter
How can a non-conservative field be a scalar multiple of a conservative field?
Pressure change due to fan removing air from a non-airtight room
Can the Montevideo interpretation of quantum mechanics do what it claims?
Conformal Invariance and the OPE
How do you know if a coordinate is cyclic if its generalized velocity is not present in the Lagrangian?
Relation between statistical mechanics and quantum field theory
Physics of the electric hot plate
What is the possibility of a railgun assisted orbital launch?
Levi-Civita symbol in Euclidean space
How to calculate the amout of time for oil to get out from a pneumatic cylinder?
Elements of a Planet reveals nearby supernova remnant?
Would someone who is only interested in string theory benefit from working out the problems in Jackson electrodynamics?
Derivation of superluminality in astronomy
Equivalences for mCi doses and Rads?
Black-holes are in which state of matter?
Dependance of temperature on color of metals
What´s the importance of the normalization of the Kinetic term?
the sounds of an exploding star
Horsepower achieved with multiple motors
What does sound waves moving through 3D space look like, visually?
LIGO Gravitational Waves
What happens when a photon hits a mirror?
Ward Takahashi identities from Z invariance
Is there a simple approximation to calculate the index of refraction of water?
Defining entanglement in subspaces of tensor product
What is a Pseudoscalar particle?
What do I call the inverse of a propagator?
Massless limit of the Klein-Gordon propagator
What are the differences between dark energy and a cosmological constant?
Is a monochromatic, or non-monochromatic light visible at greater distance?
Does water need to pumped up from deep ocean?
The Hermiticity of the Laplacian (and other operators)
Time period of torsion oscillation
Why do some physicists believe that scalable quantum computing is possible?
How close can spaceship get to the Sun
Conservation of linear and angular momentum
Density of a proton
Commonalities among string theories?
How thick does steel have to be to be able to withstand 300 bar (sphere)
Water, can it break through temperature?
How do I learn higher level physics?
Are the limits to prediction by QM provable?
What could be some applications for a highly compressed magnetic field?
Fast algorithm for maximizing the quantum fidelity
How to measure g using a metre stick and a ball
Difference between deltaV and specific impulse
Is it right to cut a slot on some material before bending?
Does the 'mAh' rating of a battery have something to do with its power?
Where can I find hamiltonians + lagrangians?
Scattering on delta function potential
How can one prove that the number of images formed by the reflecting surfaces of two plane mirrors at right angles to each other is 3?
Is it really true that slow-roll inflation is incompatible with string theory?
Which speed can an electric scooter reach on a given slope?
Does the inability to postselect to a given branch argue against MWI?
When can a classical field theory be quantized?
Does quantum fingerprinting really argue for the exponential size of wavefunctions?
Why do rainbows have distinct colors?
Are there cosmic rays in a nuclear reaction?
Hidden particles in higher derivative field theories
When does not Newton's 3rd law apply?
Alpha Decay or Fission
Tensor product decomposition of SU(2)
How to learn celestial mechanics?
Conservation of energy with Huygens-Fresnel principle
How does a treadmill incline mechanism work?
Relativistic Mass and Dark Matter
Is the braket notation of the Dirac delta function symmetric?
Light coming from distant galaxies
Why does observation collapse the wave function?
Is there an equation for the residual strong nuclear force?
can hydrogen stay frozen in vacuum?
Ratio of horizontal to vertical kinetic energy in ocean
Darwin term and Zitterbewegung
state for a classical particle
Theorem or Conjecture?
What is the missing proportionality constant in the magnetic levitation formula?
Is emission/absorption of a photon lossy?
Is it easier to move or rotate an object?
Sum total distance of electrons on a spherical surface
How does the Feynman's $i\epsilon$-prescription make the Feynman propagator causal?
Are silicone polymers transparent to infrared light?
Is there a simple model explaining Faraday effect?
An electromagnetic space elevator?
Symbol for dashpot/damper (in a harmonic oscillator)
four boson quantum system contact interaction
What is the origin of the many-body expansion?
Modulus of Elasticity
Calculating equation of motion from action
Why does the aligning of magnetic dipoles in a material cause its heat capacity to decrease?
Why is there a photon every millimeter on earth coming from a star millions of light years away?
The origin of femto, atto and zepto SI prefixes
Parachute jumping (high altitude)
Would it be possible to develop special relativity without knowing about light?
Why do covalent bonds form?
Why is a nucleus isotropic?
How is wireless communication possible?
Causality without light
Official definition of astronomical units
What's the meaning of dimensionality?
Is the law of conservation of energy still valid?
Why should space be empty?
Planar Electric Field in Glass, how to express it?
Kepler problem: flows generated by constants of motion
Gravitational inverse-square law
The physics behind The Great Flood
Oscillating Dipole: Principle of Receiving and Transmitting Electromagnetic wave?
Why a star commonly exhibits 6 rays?
Atomic layer deposition applications?
Do Maxwell equeations change somehow after Higg's boson finding?
Reference for stellar figures
If quantum mechanics is ultimately deterministic, would Shor's factorization algorithm still work for large integers?
Time reversal effect on time derivative in Quantum Mechanics
Which angle causes an object to land quickest?
Does unitarity apply in between measurements?
Is there a strong force analog to magnetic fields?
Macroscopic chromodynamics
Is there a thought experiment which brings to light the contradiction between General Relativity and Quantum Mechanics?
Do black holes accelerate in spin as they obtain more mass?
Kaluza Klein Particles and Mini Black Holes
Reasons to suspect that matter is emitted from black holes nonthermally
Vehicle acceleration
Eq. (5.3.20) Weinberg Volume 1, p. 209
Can experiment distinguish the basis in which a singlet state is represented?
Open String Coupling
Why is the Heisenberg uncertainty principle stated the way it is?
Numerical renormalization
Einsteins equation : Black hole solution
Interference, photon's phase, and the Hilbert space
How often does a cosmic ray hit our eyes when we are on Earth?
Collision between Neutron stars and Black holes
Would Titan moon blow up if you light a match?
Mathematical concept of supersymmetry
Optical laser pumping and reflectors
In Copenhagen, can this idea preserve locality for Bell inequalities?
What the difference between "orbital" and "orbit"?
why there is no accuracy of the measured value of $G$?
What is the Schechter luminosity function's domain of support?
Is the gravitational constant G a minimum value in some sense?
Is a 1D vector also a scalar?
Extract energy from magnets
Would it be possible for geophysicists/geoengineers to develop an artificial way of trapping carbon in the ocean?
If the universe started again with exactly the same conditions... would it be the same?
Is carbon dioxide a greenhouse gas?
Calculating two particle position and velocity with each other?
Spontaneous radiation
How seriously do string theorists take the "landscape"
uncertainty principle of spin in (super)string theory
Observable universe does it account for farther away galaxies measure of the observable universe?
What is effective mass approximation
dynamical operator and $SU(n+1)$
Is it possible that QM is just GR?
3 inertial frames compared in STR
is lightning attracted to pointy objects?
Is it proven that all "solar" neutrinos are coming from the Sun direction?
Formula for a ball rolling down an Inclined Plane
Calculation of Commutation in constraint analysis
Practical issues with Superconductivity
Simplifying the explanation of a low-entropy Big Bang
scaling laws for density and temperature of high-energy explosions
Buoyancy in gases
Solving by using Gauss law
Where does the heat flow in the Earth's crust switch from primarily solar to geothermal?
Do we live in a world with 4 or more dimension?
How does the curiosity rover get it's power?
If I go to the church of the greater Hilbert space, can I have Unitary Collapse?
Mass vs. weight on a spring-loaded bathroom scale
A large rock falls on your toe. Which concept is most important in determining how much it hurts?
Inductance of loop to a square wire? What is the induced current and the induced $\bar E$?
How can we define BF theory on a general 4-manifold?
Is there a difference between a postulate and a principle in physics?
why nontrivially space-like connected event horizons do not respect unitarity?
How does Doppler effect differ between EM -waves in Electrodynamics and Sound -waves?
How is an ideal mirrored box of photons distinguishable from massive particles?
representation of SU(2)
Is time continuous or discrete?
Direction of friction on particle placed on a rotating turntable
Force applied perpendicular to direction of motion, static or kinetic friction?
classical dynamics on group manifold SU(2)
Why does inverting a song have no influence?
Improved energy-momentum tensor
Fields of Steady Currents Using Electrostatics
What should a physics undergrad aspiring to be a string theorist learn before grad school?
Average power dissipated by a resistor on AC current
What are the Electric and Magnetic Properties of Aluminum Oxynitride?
What is an intuitive picture of the motion of nucleons?
Stationary Solutions
Is there a Transparent, Non-Magnetic Conductor?
Has anyone ever actually compared the weight of a heavily loaded centrifuge when it is spinning and not spinning?
Lagrangian density for a Piano String
Is there a relation between quantum theory and Fourier analysis?
is there spin degree in 1D
How to add two perpendicular 2D vectors
Heat Equation Equalities
The vacuum light speed: Is it really constant, i.e., independent of location in space-time?
Increased mass from signals traveling close to the speed of light
Making or Demonstrating Principle of Electron Microscope
Beginning with an arbitrary classical equation for energy, how do I get the QM Hamiltonian?
Does Heisenberg's energy-time uncertainty principle imply that quantum computing is no more efficient than classical computing?
Discarded by Relativity
Why is the $\langle v_{x}^{2} \rangle=\frac{1}{3} \langle v^2 \rangle$?
Why are atoms particles?
How do you calculate the time to emission of an electron from a metal given the incident radiation?
Why do hydrogen atoms attract?
Quantum Mechanics and nuclear fusion
Is the letter delta generally only used to express change in variable or quantity?
Classical mechanics. One-dimensional motion
Complex part of the solution for physical values
Why does it take until the middle of summer before lakes have warm water, but desert sand heats up in hours?
Conservation Laws in Photon Parametric Down-Conversion
Was Jupiter's mass "guessed at" by Kepler or Galileo?
Relating theta_QCD to neutron EDM
Is there a deep reason why springs combine like capacitors?
Counterpart of the  Klein Gordon Equation on the "Coordinate Shell"
How does one make a particle with particular wavefunction?
Does a particle lose its (location) wavefunction if its location is measured exactly?
Derivation of the Lorentz transformation
Single photon and double-slit experiment
difference between battery and capacitor in urdu languege
Intensity of the diffraction pattern of the double slit
A problem of missing energy when charging a second capacitor
Is it possible to describe the entire universe with the behavior of an $\mathbb{R}^n$ field?
Why isn't heavy water much heavier, and what use is it for fission reactions?
Explanation for classic mechanics puzzle
false vacuum original paper
Why a black hole sucks nearly everything, but emits gravitons?
What does adding a scalar field component to the Einstein field equations mean for black holes and string theory?
Validity of Cutkosky cutting rules for fermions
Ewing's Molecular Theory of Magnetism & Induction Cookers
Calculating diffraction patterns using FFT
Is acceleration due to gravity constant?
What exactly is a Fluorescent lamp?
easy or formal proof of Hawking effect ... that anyone can understand?
Why does earth look blue from outer space?
Kinematics - Find theta with Coefficient of Friction?
Why is there an escape velocity?
thermodynamics of a dual-face surface in space
Fictitious Forces $\overset{?}{⇔}$ Constraint Forces (re: D'Alembert's Principle)
Do I have the meaning of the property temperature correct?
the difference between the operators between $\delta$ and $d$
Is thermal noise "quantum random"?
Maximum Possible Information in the universe?
Could we make a trebuchet that could launch objects to a stable orbit?
How can an action be dependent on both its past and future?
Lab observation correct? As distance decreases, velocity increases, stderr decreases
A Different Lasing Medium
Rotating/Translating Disk
What are these rays that appear in photograph of sun?
Is the translational information all that matters, or do we need to take into account internal states?
Why is the anode (+) in a device that consumes power & (-) in one that provides power?
Information relationship to Special Relativity
degree of freedom of a rigid body 5 or 6?
How can quantum (Internet) network be possible?
Why don't rockets tip over when they launch?
Jarlskog Invariant and its mathematical origin
How can I determine density of a gas only given temperature?
Observation of violation of the uncertainty principle?
Preventing a block from sliding on a frictionless inclined plane
Does anyone know the difference and relation between $k\cdot p$ method and tight binding (TB) method?
The Unruh effect for temporarily accelerated particles
Anybody have example of two-qubit non-Pauli and non-Clifford quantum gate?
Why there is a 1/2 in kinetic energy formula?
Why and how will we be able to image extraterrestrial planets in the next two decades?
What is the difference between Quantum teleportation and Radio waves?
When and how were relative distances to the planets first measured?
How could Horrocks have measured the AU?
Free body diagram of stresses governing fracture propagation in a solid material
Complete set of observables in classical mechanics
Problem book in Quantum mechanics with emphasis on physical(ly relevant) problems
Charge and the Dirac field
Water Jet Cutter and Laser
Is the fuel burn for a satellite launch affected by the position of the moon relative to the launch site?
Maxwell equations invariant under Lorentz transformation but not Galilean transformations
Vector Displacement
Would ferromagnetic space debris have been magnetized by their orbit in the Earth's magnetosphere?
How far from the Sun is a photovoltaic effective?
Self energy, 1PI, and tadpoles
Why does letting air into a box of wine help the flow?
Relativistic drift velocity of electrons in a superconductor?
why aren't there nuclear powered aircraft?
Can you recommend me a book on the discoveries and properties of these particles?
Showing that electron and positrons have the same absolute charge
Is ultradense deuterium real?
Closest model for relationship between velocity and distance
How to make the projected image smaller by adding one ore more lenses in front of the built in projector lense?
In the classic viscosity definition, why does doubling the plate gap cause the force to halve (intuitive)?
Quantization and natural boundary conditions
Unit of torque with radians?
Excitations implied by symmetries
Ratio of the isospin of the photon
Why are $L_4$ and $L_5$ lagrangian points stable?
Space Rocket Lift Efficiency and the Gyroscope?
Intuition for gauge parallel transport (Wilson loops)
Could Quark model turn out to be false?
detect movement - how does it relate to G force
Was the Universe's entropy equal to zero at the Big Bang? Is zero-entropy state unique?
Sinusoidal Wave Displacement Function
What is the angle at which water is splashed when a vehicle tyre rides in water on the road?
Temperature measurement, precision
Laplacian of a delta function as an interaction potential for Laughlin state
Friction between atoms in spring
Is a compact universe consistent with the results of (for example) the Michelson-Morley experiment?
picture of newtonian gravity and black hole
Effects of EMP in superconductor-based devices/equipment?
Liquid analog of the Black Hole (Part 2)
What is the meaning of following expression $C=\frac{\delta Q}{dT}$ mathematically?
Why is the critical density of the Universe non-zero?
Tracking down the locality assumption in a CHSH inequality derivation
What is the mass of the emergent magnetic monopoles in spin ice and how is the mass of an emergent particle determined?
Electric scooter acceleration
Does juggling balls reduce the total weight of the juggler and balls?
Event Horizon fluctuating due to gravitational waves
Understanding tension
Would a rocket burn more fuel to get from Earth's surface to LEO, or to get from LEO to GEO?
Driving a solution of optical isomer molecules with the resonant frequency
How does the Sun's magnetic field continue to exist at such high temperatures?
What is the general approach to calculating time of impact in 3D?
Lagrangian and Equilibrium Points
What is the general formula for a trebuchet?
About calculation of anomalous dimension in Peskin and Schroeder's book.
Did Aristarchus take the radius of the Earth into account in calculating the distance to the Moon?
Finding the charge density
What phenomenon is responsible for the evolution pattern of waves created by waterfalls?
Proof of Pauli group preservation by Clifford group conjugation?
What is the main downfall of using QPSK rather than DQPSK in fiber optics?
Why does your reflection suddenly turn upside down while slowly walking away from a curved mirror?
Would it be economical to add a counterweight to rocket launches?
What's the differences between pseudospin and spin?
Boundary conditions for crystals
What happens when atoms speed up to extreme velocity?
Why does your reflection stay the same size when you move further away from the mirror?
What is the most efficient machine for translating gravitational potential energy of one mass into kinetic energy of a different mass?
How much time can I power my laptop by eating one dessert?
Group Velocity and Phase Velocity of Matter Wave?
speed of sound and the potential energy of an ideal gas; Goldstein derivation
Gravity on supermassive black hole's event-horizon
Random Hankel matrix and eigenvalues distribution
How to find focal length of a single convex lens?
Where are the harmonics in the radio spectrum?
What is the luminosity per square meter hitting the Earth's surface from the Sun?
Water from Icebergs
Random quantum systems with asymmetric Lifshitz tails?
Linearizing Gravity to ${\cal O}(h^3)$
Crash course in classical thermodynamics
Simulating a car in an intersection
In heterojunction problem, how to align the energy band in presence of bias voltage
Does travelling light help us see past versions of an object?
What is the color of a mirror?
Commutation for constraints
How to incorporate effects of gravity in a many-electron system?
Introduction to AdS/CFT
Calculation of Distance from measured Acceleration vs Time
Light in the absence of colloids?
Why does the running of the gauge couplings show $\frac{1}{\alpha}$ > $\frac{1}{\alpha_w}$ at low energy?
Simple work and energy problem
Magnetic paradox in relativity?
positronium BEC stability
Power, Force Velocity
What exactly is superconductivity?
Physics and what it means
Dimension analysis of de Broglie equations
How does one solve the Schroedinger equation for a 2D, time-dependent harmonic potential?
Where does the lost energy go in a rubber band powering a rotating shaft?
How much does the curvature of space change the volume of Earth by?
Work on ideal gas by piston
Searching for a specific Feynman quote
What is the most natural classical polynomial complexity class that includes all of BQP and NP?
Is the magnetic field of a white-dwarf merely residual?
Gentle introduction to twistors
Distance and displacement of an object on a straight line
Relativistic contraction for a wave packet and uncertainty on momentum
How do I measure the temperature of a tiny water droplet?
Modeling falling spheres
Force and Natural Units
Why magnetic monopole found in spin ice don't modify the Maxwell's Equations?
Zero entropy change
How to prove that orthochronous Lorentz transformations $O^+(1,3)$ form a group?
Does string theory provide a physical regulator for Standard Model divergencies?
Is it possible that nuclear fission contributes to climate change?
Wavefronts and phase velocity faster than $c$
What is relation between Holographic principle and Hologram?
Lever Mechanics - How to formulate an ideal lever launch
Is there any quantum interpretation which isn't "crazy" at all?
converting daily global radiation into hourly values
What gives matter Gravitational Mass?
What mechanism produced the baryon excess in the universe?
What will be the shape states of water in a centrifuge in 0G
Does a material exist that reduces a magnetic field without being affected by the magnetic field itself?
Why do objects with different masses fall at the same rate?
In what way do Cooper pairs of electrons bond and stay bonded in superconductors?
Reason for the Gaussian wave packet spreading
Could this fountain, under the right conditions, technically be able to lift me up?
What causes an electric shock - Current or Voltage?
Why there is electromagnetic resistivity $\approx 377\Omega$ in vacuum?
How to get an integral formula for the flux time derivative
How did Copernicus establish the relative distance to the superior planets?
Force to use in harmonic oscillation through the inside of a planet
Where does the "g" force that pilots experience come from?
How do you calculate angle of projection?
Are the protons and neutrons in the nucleus arranged in any particular way?
quantum field theoretic models of decoherence
Ideal gas law, pressure increase and temperature
Waves travelling with water flow
What is the difference between infrared heat and "regular" heat?
Spike when wavefunction collapses
Loopy lightning
How does the Hubble Redshift work?
Is it possible to have faster-than-light movement in General Relativity?
Has there been any serious work in how the world would look if basic physical laws were changed?
Does positronium have a stable crystalline phase?
Considering the wave function is not 'real', what is interfering?
Planck time, distance, mass? Why do we take those values?
Alpha-stable isotopes
What is the difference between manifest Lorentz invariance and canonical Lorentz invariance?
Rotation of Rockets
Does the human body have a resonant frequency? If so, how strong is it?
What is the relationship between the Higgs field and quarks?
What is the smallest amount of He you can use to cool a superconducting magnet?
The "official" mass of the sun as unit?
Can water be magnetized?
What are distinguishable and indistinguishable particles in statistical mechanics?
Crystal magnetic response only skin deep?
How many years will the nuclear resources of Earth last for generating electricity?
Do atoms expand with universe?
State-dependent diffusions: Fick's law vs. Fokker-Planck's, which and why?
Formulas for compressibility of solids
Are the field lines the same as the trajectories of a particle with initial velocity zero
What does the dual of a tensor mean (e.g. dual stress tensor in relativistic ED)?
Why is the valence band maximum at the gamma point in the bandstructure view of dispersion relation?
Pascal law with two connected cylinders filled with water, and 50kg stones at both their ends
Why can't I evaporate water without wind, just heat? (not boiling,evaporating!) Or can I?
Are all effects that change color perception examples of redshift/blueshift?
Why are electric charges allowed to be so light but magnetic monopoles have to be so heavy?
Electric generators?
What is quantum decoherence?
Pseudo scalar mass and Pure scalar mass
Does the physics in the FlyBoard video make sense?
Quantum Mechanics- Antenna emitting electromagnetic radiation
Why is the partition function called ''partition function''?
Negatve mass inside a black hole
How is tritium illumination possible without negative health effects?
Why are solar eclipses more common in the southern hemisphere?
Space expansion looking like time dilation
Is a new universe created when dark energy rips open a singularity?
How to uncurve a black hole?
How much work is needed to compress a certain volume of gas?
Is the commutation of all possible operators sufficient to identify a spacelike interval?
Why would a particle in an extra dimension appear not as one particle, but a set of particles?
The effects of nuclear warhead detonations on the Earth's environment and global warming
Does cosmological horizon grow or decrease as it radiates?
Exotic Matter -- What is it?
Projectile Motion
Do field and potential energy always come together?
Why is light invisible?
How does QM allow imaging of individual electron orbitals?
Why does an ice rink use a primary and secondary coolant?
Describing the Higgs mechanism to non-particle physicists
Divergence of cross product of transverse component
Is there any analogy between electron positron annihilation and brane anti-brane annihilation?
Train motion... Push or Pull?
Simulation of broken object
Tunnel through Ceres
Earth-Moon orbiting each other after being engulfed by Red Giant
2D Car Physics including Throttle
What happens with photon when it is slowed down substantially?
What is a virtual photon pair?
Calculate time to go from one point to another point
What is changed when proton has finite radius?
How do you change Planck's law from frequency to wavelength?
Applications of the particle in a box and the finite square well
Equivalence of classical and quantized equation of motion for a free field
If it is given which intervals are spacelike, can be determined which intervals are lightlike?
What is the angular distance between Ptolemaic perigees of Mercury?
Energy used to stop / slow an object
Hamiltonian is conserved, but is not the total mechanical energy
Is there a finite amount of mass in the universe?
Conservation of Energy in a magnet
Refraction, reflection, and what is total reflection?
Why can one equate the the zeroth order coefficient with the initial state in time-dependent perturbation theory in quantum mechanics?
Gauss law in classical U(1) gauge theory
Micro-canonical ensemble and classical reality
273 + degree Celsius = Kelvin. Why 273?
Math or Physics degree?
What kind of force is it when you push a door shut?
Measure absolute speed
Could Dark Matter be a manifestation of tachyons tunnelling between black holes?
Symmetrizing the Canonical Energy-Momentum Tensor
Would string theory change everything?
Why doesn't a fly fall off the wall?
Cosmological relativistic effects : misunderstanding between cosmological and relativistic communities?
How many grams of explosive are equivalent to the energy in a battery?
Is the expectation value always an eigenvalue?
Boundary conditions in AdS/CFT
Bicycle Wheel Drag in Slipstream
What is the fundamental reason for noise?
Can a neutron be created from pure energy
what is universality (with respect to SUSY and neutral kaon oscillations)?
Maxwell equation boundary conditions on a conducting sheet
Misaligned Mirror on Michelson Inferometer
E and H fields created by fiber optics?
Precession of angular velocity about the body-fixed axis
On non-local physics in cosmology by prof. B.V. Alekseev
Electrical Resistance and chemistry
Are covariant vectors representable as row vectors and contravariant as column vectors
Why can't light pass through walls but sound can?
Is quantum Hall current density local? (${\bf j}({\bf r}) = \sigma_H {\bf \hat n \times E}({\bf r}) $)
Why doesn't the Klein-Gordon equation allow for conservation of probability?
What are the solution spaces of Nonlinear Schrödinger equations?
Why is work defined as force dot displacement?
Relativistic Doppler effect
Why do grapes in a microwave oven produce plasma?
What makes water boil?
Can a single particle create a black hole?
Topological Order and Entanglement
What was the first discovery of the delta baryon $\Delta^{++}$?
Find Trace of Dirac Matrix
Where does this equation for a perturbed metric come from?
How do I figure out the probability of finding a particle between two barriers?
Spooky action appears to contradict Relativity of time order of multiple events
Even and Odd States of a 1D finite potential well
Undergraduate Math Major Wanting to Learn Physics
A good example of a nonlinear symplectomorphism?
About Born's rule
Finding $\psi(x,t)$ for a free particle starting from a Gaussian wave profile $\psi(x)$
Why is torque not measured in Joules?
Do other planets have an effect in Earth's rotation and revolution?
What is the mass of a wave?
gravitational convergence of light
Thermodynamics - Sign convention
How can galaxies collide if everything moving outwards
Decomposition of deformation into bend, stretch and twist?
Are probabilities really tangible physical real numbers?
What is the easiest way to stop a star?
Matrix element in quantum mechanics
Show the Lorentz Transformation Matrices Have an Inverse
Do magnets work in outer space?
Einstein's Explanation for gravity vs. Newtonian
What makes water-droplet/dew stick to spider's web and what keeps them there?
Will adding cold water to a hot iron pan harm it? Why/why not?
Why are topological solitons present in some phases for lattice models?
Is more energy required to magnetize based on its distance to other objects?
Quantum $n$-body problem
Classical scalar field correlation function
Why is my speed imaginary?
Implications of Unruh-inertia to theories of gravity
Stroboscope-and-telegraph problem
Does the Earth's revolution around the Sun affect radioactive decay?
If the earth would stop spinning, what would happen?
Total momentum of the Universe
How to correctly solve density tolerance
Mechanics Energy (Calculus)
Reaching the speed of light, rockets
Centrifugal Force and Polar Coordinates
What is the essence of BCFW recursion techniques?
do Higgs Bosons happen in nature all the time? Rarely? Or do they only happen when the Higgs field is excited in a particle accelerator?
Pulsed Spherical Wave
simple explanation of chiral anomaly?
Is there a way to save electricity from lightning?
Will two magnets lose magnetism if they stick to each other for infinitely long time?
Deriving the action and the Lagrangian for a free massive point particle in Special Relativity
Could the fractional model of Quarks electric charge turn out to be false?
Interaction between a Pair of Particles
What are cosmological "firewalls"?
How 'Faster Than Light' Neutrino Was Product of Loose Cable at CERN?
Pion Decay and Fractional electric Charge disappeared, why?
Cramer's rule, Origin of Quarks Fractional electric charge?
Matrix mechanics for those with wave mechanics background
Conservation Laws and Symmetries
What happens when we cut objects?
what to use for mass in a 2D FEM simulation
Walter Lewin Lectures in HD
Explanation for self-rupture glass is needed
ratio between work and heat
Killing vectors for SO(3) (rotational) symmetry
Can anyone analyze this perpetual machine that a Norwegian built?
How can we claim something violates some physical law, when so many physical laws have been postulated?
Accelerating expansion of the universe and cyclic model
Could tidal effects make matter hot enough for nuclear fusion?
Didactics question ("teams and times")
When differential equation like Schrodinger is separable in some coordinate system?
Folded and/or compacted dimensions in M-theory?
Maxim Raykin's "solution to the measurement problem" using infinitely many derivatives
Difference between using displacement and current configuration as unknown?
Magnetic field lines can be entirely confined within the core of a toroid, but not within a straight solenoid. Why?
Is it possible to hear the past?
Different colors in LED/LCD display when viewed from different angle?
Is Heisenberg's matrix mechanics or Schrödinger's wave mechanics more preferred?
Entanglement measure to classify topological ordered states
Is Fractional quantum Hall effect proof that leptons are composite particles?
Quark compositions in $\pi^+$ to $\pi^0$ pion decay
Eigen modes in a room
Capacitance and Light Bulb And Dielectric Slab
Task with three metal plates
possible values of quantity in matrix mechanics
How did QED diverge from quantum mechanics mathematically?
Length Contraction And Simultaneity
Does Nantenna (nano antenna) violates 2nd Law of Thermodynamics?
What star processes throw strange matter into space?
Harold White's work on the Alcubierre warp drive
What do you feel when crossing the event horizon?
Why water is not superfluid?
What path would advanced spaceships take to move between planets?
What shape of track minimizes the time a ball takes between start and stop points of equal height?
What are "cycles of anomaly" and "cycles of longitude"?
What's the deepest reason why QCD bound states have integer charge?
Conformal transformation/ Weyl scaling are they two different things? Confused!
scattering singularity
Complete list of nuclear fusion reactions
Nuclear/quantum physics simulation software
Optical microscope magnification limits?
Can  non-photon atomic particles (can/may be) stimulate photonreceptors in our eyes?
Does special relativity make magnetic fields irrelevant?
Non-conversion of mass & energy?
When an object moves downward, is its height negative?
What is the longest distance that can be jumped after swinging from a rope?
Linear rising potential from a Gribov propagator 
How far is the horizon, if a 2m tall man watches to the sea?
Lorentz transformations for sine wave in random direction
knowledge of an internal observer
Can we have discontinuous wavefunctions in the Infinite Square well?
Why is physical space equivalent to $\mathbb{R}^3$?
Hamiltonian Flow Map
Quantum computers and algorithm performance
Salt and boiling speed
Fundamental frequency , wavelength and the length?
Importance of phase in probability amplitude in QFT
Interpretation of field operator
2D Ghost CFT and two-point functions
Equations for an object moving linearly but with air resistance taken into account?
Decoherence and collapse
Statistical Weighting Factor on thermal neutron importance
Boundaries where AdS/CFT complementarity applies
What is the energy in eV between atoms in a typical solid state material?
Does the sign of $\Delta x$ matter in this time dilation calculation?
Is there a time delay during tunnelling?
Normalization of a spin-like quantity in matrix mechanics
Formulas for compressibility of solids (physics)
What is the pause called at the apex of an object's trajectory?
Underground explosions due to plate tectonics and natural gas pockets
How the bond angle of a water molecule is measured?
Does a microwave resonantly excite the rotational levels when cooking?
How can the properties of the Earth be determined?
How is charge measured and mass of the electron at the same time?
Matrix representing the quantity - why can some matrices not be physical quantity?
Extracting acceleration vector from rotated aircraft
Why is the solar noon time different every day?
Breaking of conformal symmetry
Number of unique 2-electron integrals
Is this phase right?
Lagrangian to Hamiltonian in Quantum Field Theory
how is the reference for the star maps in google determined?
Uniform Circular Motion
The radius of the universe and time
What is the variation of Gauss-Bonnet term a total derivative of?
What is the difference between "in-plane shear modulus" and "shear modulus"
Do we say that phonon has effective mass through its dispersion relation?
How is retrograde motion explained in Tycho's model?
Why is fractional statistics and non-Abelian common for fractional charges?
What's the difference between electron movement and charge movement in electricity?
Does a rotating magnetic monopole have electric and magnetic moment in classical view?
How closely may an artificial satellite orbit Earth without decaying appreciably each orbit?
Where does the equation $E_q = \frac{kq}{r^2}$ come from in this problem?
A physical quantity that is a real combination and commutability
Decomposition of elastic constants of a crystalline material
Why 2s state is lower in energy that 2p state in atoms?
What is the reference spectrum?
How is explained the lower ionization potential for atoms compared to closed shell nobel atoms?
propeller flying physics for the layman
Magnitude of New Comet C/2012 S1 (ISON)
Why is there a factor of 1/2 in the interaction energy of an induced dipole with the field that induces it?
Overcoming Friction
Is the principle of least action a boundary value or initial condition problem?
How Lyman transition (to the ground state from higher excited) happens ? The dipole selection rule is +/- 1?
If a people happen to be fall into the ocean from 50m high, then would the diving pose in the olympiad make less percussion
Am I making the right assumption about a jump discontinuity in the acceleration?
Meaning of subscript in $V=\frac{1}{2}\left(\frac{d^2 V}{{dq_i}{dq_j}}\right)_0$
Black hole entropy
How is there a connection between energy and information?
Is it possible to create only a magnetic wave?
What is the simplest system that has both, discontinous and continous phase transitions?
What kind of cooling mechanism could be used in outer space?
An accelerating and shrinking train in special relativity
How did Einstein derive general relativity?
How is the singularity in Newtonian gravity resolved?
Proving $t=(1+\sqrt{1+2hg/v^2 } )  (v/g)$ for a thrown ball
Are all static solutions of Einstein's equations spherically symmetric?
How to make something charged using electricity?
What is a good non-technical introduction to theories of everything?
Rigid body/moment of inertia problem
Is an electric lamp a transducer?
How is Gauss' Law (integral form) arrived at from Coulomb's Law, and how is the differential form arrived at from that?
Generic features, semi-heuristic derivations
Clarification on "central charge equals number of degrees of freedom"
Store up cheap electricity to use later?
How does nuclear war look like from space?
What is crystal field anisotropy or effect ? It forces the magnetic moment to point in particular local direction.. 
How do you do an integral involving the derivative of a delta function?
Proof of Yang's theorem
Center of gravity of vehicle and vehicle performance
Percentage increase in the length of pendulum
Energy is quantized
Is $w=mg$ the right way to calculate mass?
Tried to do the double slit experiment, failed. Why?
Determine acceleration from experiment (Newton 2nd Law)
Is the Lagrangian "math" or "science"?
Newton 2nd Law: Does vertical force (mass) affect the horizontal acceleration?
How do electrons repel?
Acceleration/tension of object. 1 on horizontal surface one hanging
What is the difference between Raman scattering and fluorescence?
Is the minimum radius of a positronium system of the order of compton wavelength or less than that?
Units in cgs system
Commutability of two physical quantity matrices
If $L$ is a matrix that represents real physical quantity, why is $L^2$ non-negative real physical quantity?
Does negative temperature in Carnot cycle yield a counterexample of the second law of thermodynamics?
Intercept a moving object
How to express continuous values as a matrix
Excess charge on an insulator and conductor
Ordering Ambiguity in Quantum Hamiltonian
Will cosmological gravitational waves be weaker or stronger than astrophysical ones?
What's driving the bucket up?
Which heated, partially filled bottle will explode first?
Venturi in nozzle of water jet
Weak Anti-Localization
Flow of momentum is pressure
what happens when I roll a gyroscope along its axis of spin
Does an oscillating electrical monopole radiate?
Why is the lightness of particles remarkable?
Can we use some type of magnifying glass to magnifying gravity react on a body by theoretical physics?
What is topological degeneracy in condensed matter physics?
Faster Than Light Communication Using Gravity?
Thermal Expansion. Is there a way to fix my bottle?
Tensor Product of two doublets
1MeV ray hits a band gap of 2eV : trying to understand X-rays
Is Earth's orbit altered by recoil from take-off/launch/recovery of aero/space vehicles?
Examples of manifolds and fluxes coming from generalized complex geometry
Reflection of sound waves from the open end of an organ pipe & relationship b/w nodes & pressure
is gravity always the weakest force
How do black holes in merging galaxies find each other to merge?
"low-energy effective action" but in what sense?
Magnetic field lines
Why energy saving light bulbs contain rare earth?
Physics of homebrewing heat exchangers
Show that the Hamiltonian operator commutes with the angular momentum operator 
Eternal clocks and 4D spacetime crystals
Calculating the commutator of Pauli-Lubanski operator and generators of Lorentz group
What's the common consensus on the meaning of "physical change"?
What is an extreme deep field image (XDF) and how is it captured?
What does an integral symbol with a circle mean?
Supermarket refrigerator - why is it noticebable colder in this shop area?
Help With Difficult Deductive Proof
Why is there a hiss sound when water falls on a hot surface?
Software for simulating the motion of a test particle in a force field
Is supercritical CO$_2$ a newtonian fluid?
Question on the preservation of information via mapping to free field states
Can we compute the magnitude of the stress caused by sound waves on a wall?
How can we test if something is a wave?
Breakdown voltage of a dielectric
Does a concave or flat bottom pan use heat more efficiently?
If we had three eyes, would our visual perspective be fourth dimensional?
Is matrix picture of quantum mechnics further used in QFT and superstring theories?
Why does $i ( LK-KL )$ represent a real quantity?
Proof of Canonical Commutation Relation (CCR)
Messing with the past: Endless loop, or alternate timelines?
Probability enhancement for bosons: Probability goes over 1?
Quantizing first-class constraints for open algebras: can Hermiticity and noncommutativity coexist?
Determining the center of mass of a cone
Definition of elementary particle
Can Gases conduct Electricity?
Microphones, Loudspeaker and their analogies to spring mass system
Why is a stack of N D-branes equivalent to an extremal black brane?
Calculate the stable height of a balloon
momentum four vector and dirac matrices
Can I use imaginary time propagation for many-body problems?
What is the curvature scalar $\Psi_{4}$?
One-photon-at-a-time effect on double slit experiment with detectors?
A chain 64 meters long whose mass is 20 kilograms is hanging
Is it possible to reduce speed of light?
Scale invariance symmetry as a simple argument in an electrostatics problem
Notation for two variables with same dimensions
Does uniform circular motion occur in real life in a non horizontal plane?
Hamiltonian of oscillators quantized proof
Carnot cycle: What happens to the rest of the energy?
Reference request: Classical Mechanics as an Application to Smooth Manifolds
Is the Fock state a superposition of product states?
Quantum Field Theory: why fields are equal to zero on the boundary?
Physics behind Wheel Slipping
Inductance - Sign convention problem...
What does $\psi_j(r_i)$ mean?
Single plane Ring system 
Does the spectrum of Sol's emission change as it ages?
Validity of the Multi-Species Navier-Stokes Equations for real gases
Riddle: can you swim faster upstream than downstream (with respect to the water)?
What is the 'apparent horizon' of a black hole?
Limit on space-time dimension from susy
Redirecting light beams from beam splitters
Is it possible to find out the distance traveled by a car if the force applied on it is given?
Stability of a rotating ring of multiple electrons at relativistic speeds
Transmission of Gaussian Beam Through Graded-Index Slab
Mathematics for Quantum Mechanics
Relationship between Alcubierre drive space-time evolution and speed of gravity
Do resistor-based fan regulators save no power at all?
Find distance between turtles
Why is NASA interested in Gamma ray bursts?
Width of Gaussian Beam and Refractive Index
$Z_2 $ topological index in spin liquid
Does Faraday cage block magnetic field?
When is Lebesgue integration useful over Riemann integration in physics?
Does a football stadium wave satisfy the wave equation?
Relation between quarks and strings
does force affect light's path?
Symmetry and conservation laws related to baryon number, lepton number and strangeness
Induced current in parallel wires
Why the red-shift of distant galaxies is considered to be the effect of expanding spacetime?
Odd number of second class constraints (!)
How does a supersymmetry transformation relate bosons to fermions?
What would a length contracted object look like?
Why do we treat time as parameter in non relativistic QM instead of treating position as parameter?
Why the world is so deep and dark?
Is it possible to charge photons
What does the term liquid mean in condensed matter physics?
"This is not a perpetual motion machine, because reservoir temperatures are changing." Is it a valid argument?
How is $ g^2 N$ held fixed in the large N limit?
photon and Z boson interference?
Particles as a limit of classical field theory
Relationship between balloon size and pressure
Calculating laser wavelength/power to cause emission of light in a gas?
atmospheric phenomenon? What causes condensation trails to converge?
Understanding Resonance States in Condensed Matter
Quantum Mechanics in terms of *-algebras
Atomic clocks and how to synchronize them
How to construct the charge conjugation matrix for any given spacetime dimension?
Spaghettification of humans near black holes
Will the positive ions in an aqueous solution be attracted to a charged body ?
Gas pressure equalisation: Where does the excess energy go?
What's the Significance of Color Changes Between EM-Spectrums?
With the phone Vibration why the whole bed vibrates
Causal reconnection
New physics at high energies, cosmic rays, particle-detectors in space
Macroscopic quantum gravity phenomena
How to properly bake a ultra high vacuum chamber?
Where on Earth can you find plasma?
Free Optics Simulation Programs
Is space curvature relative?
What would it be like if we had a planet very close to us?
Quantum mechanics and Couder experiments
Are all central forces conservative?
How do astronomers measure the distance of the planets from its star?
How much meteoric/space dust does the moon accumulate daily?
Does Earth's rotation change at a constant rate?
Field theory:functional derivative involving Fourier Transform
Are negative temperatures typically associated with negative absolute pressures?
Why is developable surface developable (ie. can be flattened onto a plane without distortion)?
What forces are at play when molecules wiggle (due to heat)?
Extending the idea of superdense coding
Is "Egyptian Year" the same as a modern sidereal year?
Calculating torque in a structure
Satellite Orbital Period
Using quantum entanglement to send messages back to the past
Quantization of arbitrary electromagnetic field
An Ideal Transformer
Liquid crystal shutter with >90% transmission?
Conservation of Energy in Different Frames of Reference
Change in attraction of charged bodies
Photon source for Bell test
Invariance of Maxwell's Equations under inverting variables - Reference and use
Why there is no negative temperature
Study Quantum Physics
is walking on ground identical to walking on treadmill
How to measure Projective Symmetry Group in spin liquid?
Intuition for when the replica trick should work and why it works
Conducting surface inside conducting surface
What is primary reason for a matter to be transparent as Cornea is?
Weak isospin confinement?
Galilean relativity in projectile motion
a positive potential as $ x \rightarrow \infty $
Is a volumetric rate frame-invariant in general relativity?
Tensors: relations between physics and linear algebra
Does the mass of the damper affect the transfer function in a vertical mass-spring-damper?
Are the electrons in a quantum hall edge state entangled?
The necessity of the B field
How to obtain Dirac equation from Schrodinger equation and special relativity?
How do magnetically levitated trains (maglevs) stay on the tracks?
Why do balloons deflate?
Mathematical probabilistic interepretation of probability amplitude
How did one get the defining equation of probability current and conservation of probability current and density?
Finding current using EMF & internal resistance
Field due to current in a wire
How does inductor store energy in the magnetic field?
Is it possible to see domains in a metal/magnet under microscope
Will quantum computers ever work?
How to evaluate heating value on the basis on these data?
Energy in electric field
Fermion Field of Standard Model
How can such a high exponent arise in this physics equation?
How can the Air friction force be applied to an object?
What Problems for 50 year space probe to Alpha Centauri?
Neutrino mass with Dirac and Majorana
Doppler effect "apparent frequency"
Acausality in solving time-domain inhomogeneous differential equations with Fourier transforms?
Would synchronized dancing be a good way to describe entangled atoms to a laymen?
What color would a proton be if it were visible to the human eye?
Gauge fixing and equations of motion
Why $\log \rho$ in the continuity equation?
How do I do error calculus right using gnuplot as an example?
What is the physical size of a black hole?
How long until the sun cannot sustain human life on earth?
How can black holes be so dense?
quantum entanglement at microwave frequencies
What is the 'quantum-developed' or 'relativistic-developed' equation of the electrostatic force?
Resolution of twin paradox using Lorentz velocity addition
Calculating car's acceleration from change in angle of hanging object?
Dimensional reduction and Schwarzschild solution
What is a Killing vector field?
Capacity of an orbital to hold muons and electrons
Light orbiting a massive body
how far away can something be from the earth and still be in orbit?
In a very small static universe with only a particle, does it make sense to talk about time?
Percentage of water that is void or empty space?
How can thrust be generated in space which is a vacuum?
Open boundary condition and Glauber Dynamics
Understanding moments as forces?
Concurrence in higher dimensions?
What happens to an embedded magnetic field when a black hole is formed from rotating charged dust?
Metric tensor and its inverse
Linear algebra for quantum physics
Torque and equilibrium
Schrödinger and thermodynamics
Good Magnetic Simulation Software?
Rotating hoop in Relativity
When a neutral star with a magnetic field collapses to form a black hole, what happens to the magnetic field?
If a magnetic monopole falls into a schwarzchild black hole, what happens to the magnetic field?
Classical approach to Schwarzschild radius
Books to study quantum thermodynamics and quantum decoherence
Can I move the atom nucleus only?
Is there a published upper limit on the electron's electric quadrupole moment?
Most suitable metric for the Solar system?
Similarity of probability amplitude functions
Taking a derivative involving Einstein summation
Work done by introducing a spin in supersposition into a Magnetic Field
Reason for the discreteness arising in quantum mechanics?
Newton's 3rd Law: How can I break things?
Why are we talking about space curvature as if we know what space is?
Do intergalactic magnetic fields imply an Open Universe?
Explanation of equation that shows a failed approach to relativize Schrodinger equation
Lagrangian dynamics with initial conditions: motion of free particle
Do strong and weak interactions have classical force fields as their limits?
Electron Incident On A Finite Potential Barrier
How can perturbativity survive renormalization?
Simple 2D Vehicle collision physics
The Hendriks-Teller Model
Is it possible for one black hole to pull an object out of another black hole?
closure phase measurement in astronomy for vlbi technique?
Books dealing with Quantum field theory
What is the status of existing measurements of the speed of gravity?
Science behind the singing wine glass
Creation of particle anti-particle pairs
What are $\partial_t$ and $\partial^\mu$?
How can we have massive states of strings and CFT on the string worldsheet at the same time?
Needed Energy For Lifting 200 kg weight
Integrals given by Landau
Particle sources and particle detectors in quantum field theory
Energy in bolognese reduction - lid on or off?
Complete annihilation of matter-antimatter
Information Loss in annihilation
Why are some materials diamagnetic, others paramagnetic, and others ferromagnetic?
What is predicted to happen for electron beams in the Stern-Gerlach experiment?
Simple derivation of the tension of a cord on a suspended mass
Are there experiments that are banned from being done at the LHC?
Mechanical effects of convective flow in steady-state stagnant film diffusion
Question on Sakurai's treatment of the Harmonic Oscillator:
Complete set and Klein-Gordon equation
Graph Invariants and Statistical Mechanics
Can a SQUID perform real time measurements of a slow varying magnetic flux?
Center of mass of a car
Wavefunction in quantum mechanics and locality
Solution to Klein-Gordon equation always valid?
Shape of electric charges on sphere in equilibrium state
What does the phrase "limb of the earth" or "atmospheric limb" mean?
Bragg condition for transmission: Why is the full diffracted angle Two times Theta? Or isn't it?
Beer bottle leftovers pour quickly only after waiting?
Classical vs qubits: Superposition
Dark matter: degrees of freedom
Can cos(x) or sin(x) be the function of stationary action?
Using Quantum Teleportation in a way to have the effect of matter teleportation
Shouldn't the electric field in a solid insulating sphere be linear with radius?
Determining friction for unbalanced wheel to roll without sliding
Is it possible to prove that the curl of a gradient equals zero in this way?
How to think of the harmonic oscillator equation in terms of "acceleration = gradient"
Definition of CFT
Optics Paradox?
Large gauge transformations
Hawking radiation and reversibility
If you are carrying a magnet, can you tell when you cross the event horizon of a black hole?
Could one theoretically build the Higgs equivalent of a Faraday cage?
Solar energy and optical fiber
Newton's gravitational constant $G$, the reduced Planck constant $\hbar$, the speed of light $c$: the Dream Team of moderators?
Physics of a burning log of firewood
Special relativity paradox and gravitation/acceleration equivalence
About turbulence modeling
Is Hyperbolic Space $H3$ the best representation space for momenta, in momentum-scale invariant theories?
Bogolubov coefficient identities
Problem in Hamiltonian
Work Done in an Isobaric Process
Where does the energy for repulsion in charges come from?
$\nabla$ and non-locality in simple relativistic model of quantum mechanics
Is the number of rays projected by a source of light finite?
Proof of equality of the integral and differential form of Maxwell's equation
Why the kilogram is not defined?
Work Done by an Adiabatic Expansion
Is this a good explanation of the Higgs mechanism?
How do I use the electro-optic tensor?
A particle of charge $-e$ orbits a particle of charge $Ze$, what is its orbital frequency?
Angular acceleration of stone disk
Intuitive explanation of why momentum is the Fourier transform variable of position?
Diffusion of probability amplitudes
On the double slit experiment with 4 slits
The Z-Torque: how can it be shown intuitively that it does not work?
Can we make a Maxwell's Demon using Quantum Computers?
What would the spectral distribution of a greenbody look like?
A clock devoid of motion
Einstein's special relativity beyond the speed of light
Einstein's mass-energy relation
Would a spin-2 particle necessarily have to be a graviton?
What is meant by the term "mean rest frame"?
Matrix and exponential term problem
Normalizable wave functions?
What would it take for a physical phenomenon to be telekinetic?
Derivation of Schrodinger equation for a system with position dependent effective mass
Path integral on matrix model
Rotation of diatomic homonuclear molecule
How can I find a very old paper by W.L. Bragg from 1913?
Calculating dust attraction to a charged surface
decoherence free subspace of a single photon
Stacking gold Bars
Differences between the gravitational constants $G$ and $g$?
Looking for a complete review of the BEC-BCS crossover
OAM states for wireless communications
Experimental realization of Quantum Teleportation of Spin, not polarization, not ions or atoms
Why are black hole singularities stable?
Geodesic Equation from energy-momentum conservation
How is the phase shift of light measured?
Other ways of checking whether particular system result in non-locality
Something I don't understand in Quantum Mechanics
How does this problems are solved (modeling/simulation)?
Why would Klein-Gordon describe spin-0 scalar field while Dirac describe spin-1/2?
Ideal gas and diatomic gas with same temperature
Performing work on a box of gas by lifting it, and first law of thermodynamics
Is it true that the mass of air in normal atmospheric pressure over 1$m^2$ is 10326 $kg$?
What is the volume of gases liberated when a battery is charged?
What properties would the ideal material for spacecraft construction possess?
Which one true in First law of thermodynamics: $Q = \Delta U \pm W = \Delta U \pm p\Delta V$ or $\Delta U= \Delta Q + \Delta W $?
How is sound produced at the atomic level?
fiber optic second order PMD as an operator on the tensor product Hilbert space
How will water affect the electric field?
Beam splitters- Direction of use
What causes the vacuum in my bento box?
Is omniscience impossible?
The Ultimate Hand Dryer
Why do reversible processes not increase the entropy of the universe infinitesimally?
Why do physicists think that the electron is an elementary particle?
Gaussian surface question
Is the LEP B meson asymmetry evidence for higher dimensions and/or string theory?
Is it possible all matter in the universe emerges from nothing?
Does measuring destroy entanglement
Why do we use Hermitian operators in QM?
What is the meaning of uncertainty in Heisenberg's uncertainty principle?
What is the physical interpretation of force times area?
What are the applications of Gauss's law in technology?
How does one derive the Lamb shift for the Hydrogen atom?
Calculating force required to stop bungee jumper
Hydrogen Hyperfine Structure: General Expression
An equation that describes massless spin-1 particle
Norton's dome and its equation
what would my path look like using the sun for navigation
How to write Schrodinger equation!
How to handle D-brane particles in the S-matrix using string worldsheets?
How quantum field transforms in case of some particular spin
What is the relationship between earthquakes power and nuclear explosions?
What if $\gamma$-rays in Electron microscope?
Paradox with Gauss' law when space is uniformly charged everywhere
What direction a flag on an object moving in the wind shows?
Necessary air pressure in flexible vessel to lift a certain mass
Does the color of a quark matter in a meson?
Xray compression of secondary in hydrogen bomb
Does a "reflected" hologram produce a caustic in the shape of the original object?
Measurement of the energy of an atom using a cold substance
Differences between classical, analytical, rational and theoretical mechanics
Why can't collisions be elastic?
Are Born-Oppenheimer energies analytic functions of nuclear positions?
energy production in the nuclear fission
Entangled electron-positron pair
Do communicating vessels work when water is moving?
Electromagnetic 4-potential and basic index contraction
Anti-matter black hole and time
Calculating torque adjustment for offset of pivot point
Does (will) wind affect plasma (electical spark passing through a gap)?
Why would a fat skydiver fall first in free fall?
Rotation of Spacetime $\Rightarrow$ Change in orbit/path
What equation of state is needed for liquid states?
Can a wavefunction be solved to any arbitrary precision, given enough computer time?
How does a 2D MEMS based optical cross-connect control its mirrors?
What are some of the best books on complex systems and emergence?
numerical formulation of Dirac equation plus electromagnetic field
Charge, velocity-dependent potentials and Lagrangian
Is there still light in practical darkness? Do photons penetrate everywhere?
Reflection of light
Is Dyson Sphere a stable construction?
The Universe is a Hologram
Curvature and edge state
Grassmann paradox weirdness
What is a microstate, macrostate and thermodynamic probability in statistical mechanics?
Does air resistance ever slow a particle down to zero velocity?
What math is needed to understand the Schrödinger equation?
Why is amplitude of a wavefunction to propagate from $q$ to $q'$ governed by $e^{-\frac{i}{\hbar}HT}$ unitary operator?
Time dependent Lagrangian
Why does light of high frequency appear violet?
Schrödinger equation with complex potential
State normalization in Dirac's formulation of quantum mechanics
Why is there no oxidizer in space?
Time of a ball going up and down with air resistance
Negative probability and spin-0 scalar field in Klein-Gordon equation
How Felix Baumgartner has reached the speed of sound quickly
How to measure force of impact inside container?
Why can radio wave travel through walls while infrared can't?
The equation of a ferrofluid under a magnetic field?
Why is that the space-time associated with the Earth is not shrinking?
Solving the Young-Laplace equation for arbitrary axisymmetric geometry
Barrier in an infinite double well
Cosmology with a negative cosmological constant
Velocity of electron in electrostatic field. Does radiation matter?
Pair interactions on finite square lattice
Get into orbit from the Redbull jump position to a satellite position by using a cord/rope?
Is water considered a substance with low friction or high friction?
Physical meaning of some operators formed by $|Q\rangle \langle Q|$
From how high could have Felix Baumgartner jumped without disintegrating like a shooting star?
What are relativistic and radiative effects (in quantum simulation)?
Mathematically challenging areas in Quantum information theory and quantum cryptography
Killing vector fields
Is quasiclassicality in consistent histories the preferred basis problem in disguise?
Why are there spectral lines at all?
Wavelength and resolution
Confusion about Free Energy and the Hamiltonian
What is the two dimensional equivalent of a spring?
How to deal with crossing duality and modular invariance in string field theory?
The particle mesh ewald method in two dimensions
Using eigenvalues to determine the stability/behaviour of the system
Why is the sky blue?
Is Earth/Luna tidal lock approaching faster?
Solving the Schrödinger equation for the double-slit experiment
A differential equation of Buckling Rod
Could someone jump from the international space station and live?
How does Baumgartner slow his velocity so that the parachute can open up?
What kind of "camera" and "light" source should I use to detect the intermediate path of a light beam?
Why are synthetic elements unstable?
How robust is Kramers degeneracy in real material?
Is a flawless trick die possible?
How far does typical view of clouds/atmosphere extend?
Derivation of Ohm's Law
Is the electric field at the edge of a uniformly charged disk infinite?
What is the spatial derivative of strain tensor?
Superstring theory and renormalization
Coverage of Quantum Electrodynamics (QED) in introductory Quantum Field Theory (QFT) books
Centripetial Force in Rotating Platform and relation between Period and radius
How to detect Iodine 131?
Electric potential vs potential difference
Gravity measurements above volcanic chamber
Did Felix Baumgartner produce a sonic boom during his jump?
Entanglement Entropy
Moon and the moving train
Why less temperature at high altitude
Number of Grassmann generators for Dirac field?
How does gravity work?
Why is technetium unstable?
Earthquake as a transverse wave
Einstein tensor in Friedmann equations : where is the missing $c^2$?
Do the changes of gravity travel across distances instantly or limited to the speed of light?
Understanding a Physics Paper on Quantum Teleportation of Continuous variables
growth condition for the potential
What is some analogous experiment about the black holes by using the diary product like eggs, milk?
Proof of quantum mechanical position uncertainty
EM force, blocking force carrier photons in a static electric field
Is the total energy of the universe constant?
What does it mean (how is it visualized) for a particle to act as a wave?
Friction due to air drag at high speeds
Time crystals: fake or revolution?
Distribution of charge on a hollow metal sphere
Schrödinger's equation, time reversal, negative energy and antimatter
Retarded field interaction
How fast would a spaceship have to go to reach Alpha Centauri within a person's lifetime?
Could we really charge metal plates using microwaves?
whether electricity that comes in our home comes directly after generated or first stored and then distributed
What is meant by potential energy for a particle in a field?
Why does the wheel of a car appear to be moving in opposite direction?
Bend or concentrate magnetic field?
Particle production channels [s,t] in HEP?
Static electric charge
What is the relationship between mass, speed and distance of a planet orbiting the sun?
SU(2) critical point and volume dependence
Can the Euler-Lagrange equations be derived from an infinitesimal Principle of Least Action?
Why does a magnetic field generate clearly visible separation?
What would happen in the final days of the universe?
Why is $\int (dp/2\pi) |p \rangle\langle p| = 1 $?
Adiabatic expansion
What are the reasons for leaving the dissipative energy term out of the Hamiltonian when writing the Lyapunov function?
Why are Euler's equations of motion coupled? Physical explanation
Frequency of a tuning fork in a vacuum
Stability of a rigid body spinning around minor, intermediate and major principal inertia axes
How to interpret a negative failure rate?
How can I estimate relative humidity ($e/e_s$) from temperature and dewpoint?
M-theory on a Planck scale torus
Why minibands are formed in superlattices?
Is the cosmic horizon related to the Big Bang event?
Are comets known to exist in other star systems?
Electrostatic notion of voltage as it applies to circuits
The Lagrangian in Scalar Field Theory
Can Ohm's law break in metals?
What is an energy eigenstate exactly?
proof for $\langle q| p \rangle = e^{ipq}$
Power due to dipole radiation and time reversal symmetry in classical E&M
Correlation function in relaxation in NMR
Is time the rate at which one moves through space
Controlling the outcome of a quantum measurement through translational entanglement
Questions regarding solving the Brachistochrone problem using Lagrangian
How do I integrate $\frac{1}{\Psi}\frac{\partial \Psi}{\partial x} = Cx$
Do spacecraft engines suffer from carbon accumulation the way typical petrol/kerosene engines do?
Proof of $T=\sqrt{2y/a}$ in uniformaly accelerating object
A change in the gravitational law
Proof of $Dq-qD=1$ where $D=\frac{\partial }{\partial q}$ is the differential operator
Pressure in waves on a string
What would happen if I take a glass of water in space?
Why is water not used as a dielectric in the condenser?
Chemical reaction as state transition?
Non-commuting operators can't share any eigenvector
Bouncing Ball Pattern
Effect of Current on spring
Fitting of exponential data gives me a constant function
How to get the gradient potential in polar coordinate
What is the physical meaning of the action in Lagrangian mechanics?
Definition of quasi-static assumption
Calibrating an electronic temperature sensor based on power consumption
Why does bad smell follow people (assuming they are not the source)?
Can a trajectory between planets accelerate a space craft?
Embedding of $F(4)$ in $OSp(8|4)$?
Jumping on earth versus jumping on the moon
What is the relativistic calculation of travel time to Proxima Centauri?
Schwarzschild radius in matrix models
How to prove Gegenbauer's addition theorem?
How does blow-drying a mirror keep it from steaming up again?
't Hooft limit of coupling fundamental fermions to Chern-Simons theory
Microsoft Excel not graphing $x = y^{1/2}$
Does every wavenumber of IR result in a different kind of vibration?
Wave pulse on a freely falling rope
Distinguishing identical particles
Wilsonian vs 1PI
The Heisenberg uncertainty principle: Interpreting $\Delta p$, $\Delta t$, etc
Is there stringy Morse theory?
Deriving kinetic energy in cylindrical coordinate constraints
Was the Higgs mass correctly predicted by asymptotic safety of gravity?
Is physics very dependent on equipment?
What is the physical meaning of the higher order structure functions in the BRST quantization of open algebras?
In quantum field theory with a mass gap, why do states in the asymptotic future/past turn out to have a Fock space structure?
Why has the trace of the energy-momentum tensor to vanish for conserved scaling currents to exist?
Proving the existence of the magnetic potential
What is the difference between a spinor and a vector or a tensor?
Action on Lard Oil
Qualitative discussion about entropy and disorder
Other kind of Brachistochrone problem
Bloch-sphere-like representation of two-qubit density operators
dimensional analysis of Grassmann integration/differentiation
Role of unit vectors in cylindrical coordinates
Deriving the Poynting Theorem
Is there a device that could measure the speed of time?
How long will our artifacts last in moon & space?
Propagators and Probabilities in the Heisenberg Picture
What came first, Rice Crispy or "Snap," "Crackle," and "Pop"?
What is the present state of Mach's Principle amongst physicists?
Alpha Centauri Bb: Comparing astrometric precision vs doppler precision
Can natural predators detect human stealth technology?
Why is Larry Niven's Ringworld Unstable?
Is airspeed constant or cyclical when flying model aircraft in windy conditions?
Rays in Symmetric Resonator
How to apply Noether's theorem
Capacitance of two almost-touching hemispheres
1D Acoustical Relations beyond nearest neighbor couplings
Disproving a refutation of quantum mechanics (QM) via a calculation of the ground state of the helium atom
when photons can be trapped in a cavity and manipulated. How they can be observed without being destroyed?
Matrix order in Dirac equations
Direction of Potential Gradient & Electric field
Internal forces in a truss and its geometry
Does infinite energy imply Infinite mass (and vice versa)?
Edge channels in Quantum Hall effect
A question from Hilbert and Courant's Vol II of Methods of Mathematical Physics (I might have spotted an error)
Why I think tension should be twice the force in a tug of war
Home-made Shock diamond
Formation of a black hole and Hawking radiation
How to determine the probabilities for a cuboid die?
Would two astronauts one in a satellite, one on top of a tower have the same experience?
Calculate the UPS Capacity in amp-hours
Does entropy decrease through measurement?
Experimental foundations of the "otherwise galaxies would not hold together" argument for dark matter
Intuition of Impulse Formula $J = \sum F \Delta t$
Do we have viscous force acting between two layers
helium balloon tied to a car
Lorentz transformation matrix and its meaning in Minkowski diagram
Will the siphoning effect help a system pump water upwards if the water's entry and exit points are at the same height?
Same momentum, different mass
Nodal Analysis of an electrical circuit
Reference for understanding characteristic length and time scales in a system (in particular electronic transport)
all multipolar terms of nuclear fields must be confined?
What's the difference between background field and dynamical gauge field?
AWG chart for Tungsten
How to prove equations for energy of a wave
Why the energy of a marshmallow is so huge?
What is the length of 1 second in meters
Opposing forces on an air cylinder -- half force each or full force each?
Coriolis force in free fall
Kepler Orbital Elements to Cartesian (xyz)
Are electrons on a conductor, in electrostatic equilibrium, stationary?
Calculating work done on an ideal gas
Galilean transformations and Frenet Frame
Is the statistical interpretation of Quantum Mechanics dead?
Inverting an anisotropic distribution
What really is Spacetime?
Energy can't be created or destoryed?
Statistics of bound states of anyons with order pq
Peak deconvolution
The earth's magnetic field
Calculate acceleration and time given initial speed, final speed, and travelling distance?
Why does an infrared thermometer display very low temperature when being directed to the outer air?
How many pieces of toast would you need to make a black hole?
What is the pressure on an empty pneumatic tube?
Secondary constraints leads to the value of lagrange multiplier
How many photons can an electron absorb and why?
Is it true that an isolated fundamental particle does not decay?
matter anti-matter world
Does the strong (nuclear) force ever contribute to decay?
Assuming collision , are there fundamental forces associated with absorbtion?
What happens to the Lagrangian of the Dirac theory under charge conjugation?
What does "the ${\bf N}$ of a group" mean?
Nonlocal Transport in the Quantum Spin Hall State
What is nonlocal resistance?
Do Christoffel symbols commute?
When we define the S-matrix, what are "in" and "out" states?
Free falling objects
Writing a tensor with respect to a particular basis
Is there a simple, accurate formula for calculating transit times from rise and set times?
constraint on scaling dimension
What do I see if I move quickly past a charge surrounded by iron filings?
What is a bulk phase transition?
A light and magnetic mirror paradox?
Parabolic Motion
Why is the gas halo of the Milky Way so hot?
Effect of charges near a parallel plate capacitor
Weightlessness by a parabolic flight
Why are photons released from high-voltage electricity through a near vacuum?
What is the massless limit of massive electromagnetism?
Problem with Big Rip Theory
how do we know that the base of entire universe is the proton (hydrogen) and not the antiproton?
Holstein-Primakoff and Dyson-Maleev representation
Physical meaning of force times area
what does holographic principle from string theory say about the possibilities of wormhole travel?
Can I find a potential function in the usual way if the central field contains $t$ in its magnitude?
Before the Big Bang
Compute closed line integral of electric field in circuit
why sometimes touching old flickering tube lights starts them properly
Does Stephen Hawking not believe in Negative movement?
Divergence of non conservative electric field
What makes a Feynman diagram real or virtual?
Rationale for writing wave function as product of independent wave functions
Why does the balloon pop?
Find total energy and momentum of an moving electron in a rest frame
Is there perfect vacuum 10000 billion lightyears away?
Minkowski diagram and length contraction
Black out the sun?
Missing transverse energy, exact definition
Ideal four-level Gain Medium (or just any old gain medium)
How does Aquarium Aeration work on the Aquatic Habitat aboard the International Space Station?
From how deep into space can a human "skydive" back to earth?
What is the name for the whistling "musical" sounds that change stepwise in pitch when a hollow tube is spun like a lasso?
Why do bigger tires = more friction?
Is Force equal to components in different dimensions of Force or distance of those components
Does the earth's magnetic field affect the sleeping position of a person?
Why doesn't my particle simulation end in a flat disc?
Minkowski diagram and time dilation
Many-worlds: Where does the energy come from?
Reading list in topological QFT
Why photons are emitted because of changes to electron behavior
Dark light filters letting through less light
Maximum resolution per lens size
Can someone identify this Landau reference?
Dirac action and conventions
Temperature of a black-body in LEO on the dark side of the Earth
Temperature of a gas (assumptions about the particle speeds)
The difference between heat and temperature
Probability wave speed of dispersion and interference
Partial derivative of Lagrangian density for vector field
Why do green lasers appear brighter and stronger than red and blue lasers?
Is it fabric of space or fabric of space-time?
Increase in Wavelength of an LED immersed in liquid nitrogen
Linearized Einstein Equations
Landau Mechanics: why does adding Lagrangians remove the indefiniteness of multiplying each Lagrangian by a different constant?
Why might the normal force on a box not be equal to its weight?
What characterizes a metallic sound, and why do metals have a metallic sound?
Limits of superfluidity
How do I get the total acceleration from 3 axes?
The order of seeing event in different spacetimes
Why does no physical energy-momentum tensor exist for the gravitational field?
Electric field due to a solid sphere of charge
A man on a boat, with something in his hand
Why do physicists believe that particles are pointlike?
Why is light called an 'electromagnetic wave' if it's neither electric nor magnetic?
Abiotic oil vs the traditional theory of oil deposit formation
What is the gravity at the center of the Earth?
Future space-based telescope array
Compactness of spacetime: experiment and math
Simulating quantum network of harmonic oscillators
What is the spin rotation operator for spin > 1/2?
How was the universe created?
Doppler cooling limit vs recoil limit
How is a qubit realized in a cavity?
Dropping an object on the moon
What the name of the evacuated glass gadget with black and white vanes that turn when a light is applied?
How is it possible to come to a conclusion that Universe is a result of the Big Bang while we aren't able to observe the entire Universe?
Why we use $L_2$ Space In QM?
Is it possible to travel at precisely the speed of sound?
Causal and Global structure of Penrose Diagrams
Wave function of IQH and FQH electrons
Find magnetic scalar potential for superconducting sphere
Is flying really easier on smaller scales?
Will the plates of a parallel plates capacitor keep its charge after being charged then seperated from the non- conductor?
Can auxiliary fields be thought of as Lagrange multipliers?
Is there a quantum state for a large system
Linear motion with variable acceleration
Do atoms have lifespans?
Path integral and geometric quantization
Is synchrotron radiation considered incandescent?
two electron spins line up in opposite direction and the Ising model
Is there a symmetry associated to the conservation of information?
Is the Schwarzschild black hole unphysical?
Why do birds sitting on electric wires not get shocked?
Why possibility for X-ray to excite inner electrons higher than outer electrons?
Why do we use Root Mean Square (RMS) values when talking about AC voltage
Quantum phyics project for a high schooler
When and how do you represent a two body state as a tensor product?
Faster than light due to reference position
When and How far out will the Voyager twins come to a full-stop?
materials that repel positrons?
Bandgap Spacing in Photonic Crystals
Solving a system of PDE equation in mathematica using a steady-state and time-evolution method
Maximum Kinetic energy of a spring
James Webb Space Telescope's halo orbit at Lagrange point L2
Why does a tire need to be filled with air?
Energy-time uncertainty and pair creation
Does the magnitude of pressure on the sides (not the top and bottom) of a volume depend on depth?
Solar Thermal/Solar Photo-voltaic calculations
Speed of light and virtual particles
Time for a wind-battred door to slam
Theoretical treatment of Hydrogen bond?
Where do the high order rainbows appear?
Why do we need more power to do a job fast?
Diagram-like perturbation theory in quantum mechanics
Modeling the probability of a photodiode measuring photons targets at a neighbor
What is the correct way of integrating in astronomy simulations?
Energy stored in space/frequency electric field
Does $\lambda\nu = c$ hold for all the waves in the universe?
Are gravitational waves longitudinal or transverse?
Boundary conditions from single-valuedness of spherical wavefunctions
Reference-request: Computational science and physics
How do I find the initial velocity in this problem?
Matter waves - DeBroglie's relations
Is it reasonable for a heavy door to "open by itself" (ie from differences in air pressure) if it had already been slightly ajar?
Can closed loops evade the spin-statistic theorem in 3 dimensions?
Is there a formula to work out how much the fabric of spacetime bends?
Finding Max Radius of Propeller (angular velocity)
Speed of Entropy change
What does the Canonical Commutation Relation (CCR) tell me about the overlap between Position and Momentum bases?
Finding Angular Acceleration of rod given radius and angle
What does a de Broglie wave look like?
How do you find the magnetic field corresponding to an electric field?
Parabolic motion and air drag
How do you super impose two or more signals to occupy a fix area of space with the resultant summed wave?
Moving along friction surfaces
What are the fields in this problem?
Clarification on a Goldstein formula steps (classical mechanics)
If nothing in the universe can travel faster than light, how come light can't escape a black hole?
Kinetic Energy of Stone
What does the wind speed have to be to blow away a person?
Non-linear dynamics of classical hydrogen atom
Inhomogeneous Effective Mass in a 2D Lattice
Why does the law of increasing entropy, a law arising from statistics of many particles, underpin modern physics?
Relativistic mass and imaginary mass
Weinberg angle measurement methods
Spring-mass physics homework question
Is the same amount of electricity used for ceiling and table fans on different speeds?
Question about thermodynamic conjugate quantities
Thermodynamically reversed black holes, firewalls, Casimir effect, null energy condition violations
How to compare differences in waves?
Inelastic collision and conservation of linear and angular momentum
$sss$ decay and violation of strangeness
Formal demonstration that minimizing the free energy equals maximizing the entropy
The notion called aether
Inhomogenous Schrödinger equation
Higgs stability in Standard Model
Basic question on experimental plots
Non-linear dynamics of classical hydrogen atom
limits of diamond anvils for high pressure research
Is single photon annihination of electron-positron pair prohibited by Feynman diagram analysis?
Why are the orbits of the planets in our solar system along the same basic plane?
Why the dangling bonds at the edge terminated by hydrogen atoms give no contribution to the electronic states near the Fermi level
Minimum possible Kinetic Energy of a confined electron
Huygens Principle and principal of rectilinear propagation of light
Is the density operator a mathematical convenience or a 'fundamental' aspect of quantum mechanics?
Jupiter Core is Solid Hydrogen
Kugo and Ojima's Canonical Formulation of Yang-Mills using BRST
Why does the moon look bigger at the horizon?
Temperature and density
Symmetries of spacetime and objects over it
Why or how is cross product used?
Are circular polarizations a basis for any light polarization?
Wigner $3j$ symbols
Conservation of energy in objects at terminal velocities
Can we create a magnet with only one Pole?
Inelastic Scattering and coherent scatterng
Dropping an anchor from a boat
Equation of the saddle-like surface with constant negative curvature?
What are the challenges to achieving cold fusion?
Testing covariance of an expression?
What is the highest possible frequency for an EM wave?
Why is electric field strong at sharp edges?
Difficulties with bra-ket notation
How do we know the universe is expanding, and not that its contents are shrinking?
Can wind currents form in the mesosphere?
Metric tensor under coordinate transformation x to y(x)
Cause of buoyant force?
How do eigenstates of harmonic oscillators with different frequencies compare?
Mathematical definitions in string theory
Two people pushing off each other
Basis transformation between eigenstates of harmonic oscillators with different frequency
Finding the diameter a parachute must be to land a probe on Mars at specific speed
What would jumping into a pool and feeling cold be called? Conduction, or convection?
Are holograms like in this video possible?
Why does renormalization need an unbroken symmetry?
How can I name this 3D rotation
Time dilation $t'=(1-\frac{v}{c})t$ instead of $t'=\frac{1}{\gamma} t$
Ultracold atoms and General theory of Relativty
Parton showering in Pythia 6 Monte Carlo generator
Is there an intuitive explanation for the Southward force caused by the Coriolis Effect on rotating spheres?
Is it possible to make statements about bosonic/fermionic systems by taking the limit $\theta\to \pi$ or $\theta\to 0$, of an anyonic system?
Finding an equation relating the mass of a blade of a wind turbine to its velocity
Area under a $pV$ diagram
Velocity required for Horizontal Rain
I need help with this question on Heat Capacity
Good books about waves and optics
When Hamiltonian and the total energy are the same
Could someone introduce books or reviews on electron-electron interaction to me?
Widom-Larsen Theory
What are the properties and impediments of a liquid air fueled engine?
Long/short-range interaction
No cloning theorem and exclusive-or (XOR) operator
Zero Point Fluctuations
Conservation of Linear Momentum with respect to a given direction
Do error checking costs of quantum computing shrink BQP?
What is the formal definition of a stellar day?
If 1 screw can support 120 lbs, how much weight can 25 screws support?
Why can $\beta$ not be linearly proportional to $T$, that is $\beta = constant \times T$?
Uncertainty Principle for Information?
How to choose a $\alpha$, $\beta$, $\gamma$ measurement detector?
Getting the AdS metric from maximally symmetric spaces
So do I use this Lorentz's law or which law do I use?
What is the difference between weight and mass?
What arrangement of sound waves would be needed to heat air in a typical sized room?
Find the action from given equations of motion
Obtaining point of application of Ground Reaction Force with use of a hyperstatic load-cell array platform
Is it possible to find the number of gas atoms/molecules in a box when the number is small?
Instantaneous current after battery unplugged in RL circuit?
How is a star's parent galaxy recognized?
How to explain the different forms of the Hamilton-Jacobi equation?
$\phi^4$ theory on lattice
Ward Identity makes QED logarithmic divergent?
Why is the lightest Higgs not a free parameter in SUSY?
Does the length of the sidereal day vary systematically?
Force applied off center on an object
Physics book recommendations for transition to PhD study
How fission and fusion create energy?
If there is significant temperature difference between indoor air and outdoor air, will that significantly increase the rate of air exchange?
Are Newton's three laws of motion correct?
Gravity stronger than electromagnetic force in a black hole?
How Newton found Gravitational acceleration?
What bends fabric of space-time?
Airplane example of special relativity
In which of the above figures will the light bulb be glowing?
How do I find minimum constant deceleration so that object does not pass distance d in time t?
What's the difference between exchange spin wave and magnetostatic spin wave?
Computing a "best-fit" of discrete points from a multipole expansion, i.e. invert the multipole moments
Violation of Newton's 3rd law and momentum conservation
Imagining to speed up the Earth's revolution around the Sun until we feel its motion
Center of charge in quadrupole tensor
Feynman diagrams and Hartree-Fock
How would one calculate the amount of water contained in a cloud?
Is surface of a solid a streamline?
Can additional airfoil enable a commercial liner to reach 100km altitude?
Could we use particle colliders as fusion generators?
What alternative shapes may a rocket heading into orbit have?
Relationship between hierarchy problem and higgs fine tuning?
What equations do I use to do basic time dilation problems?
How to publish scientific papers on the internet for free?
Is the Unruh radiation isotropic?
Is it possible to use a balloon to float so high in the atmosphere that you can be gravitationally pulled towards a satellite?
Why can you re-write the functional measure of a real-valued field $\phi(x)$ as $\mathcal{D}\phi=\prod_{k_n^0>0}dRe \phi(k_n) d Im \phi(k_n)$?
Particles scattering on fluids: breakdown of the effective continuum description
Chiral anomaly in odd spacetime dimensions
Intuition for multiple temporal dimensions
Thought Experiments on black holes, (im)possible perpetual motion and minimum mass for photographic plates
A Derivation of Ehrenfest's Theorem in a particular case
How to accurately explain evaporative cooling?
Why is a hole in a ball?
How much space to simulate a small Hilbert space?
How to explain (pedagogically) why there is 4 spacetime dimensions while we see only the 3 spatial dimesions?
Non-relativistic Kepler orbits
What does a positive gradient on a graph of V plotted against I mean in terms of EMF and internal resistance?
Does wavefunction reach its largest peak near(not in) the classical forbidden region?
Why does central jet velocity of a flute air stream not include aperture size?
electric potential at center of uniform electric field
How to solve the tranmission probability in an evolution of a quantum system
Why do diamonds shine?
Where does Computer Science background students fit in Theoretical Physics
When playing the flute, does lip-hole aperture size affect air pressure in the mouth?
Reason for the convention about polarization states
Determine the maximum height a pump can suck up water
By how much will water resistance and upthrust slows down a fully submerged object?
About Newton's Shell Theorem
What common materials can effectively block infrared radiation?
Why does electricity flowing through a copper coil generate a magnetic field?
Renormalization of field strength
Is there a good summary of all nuclear fusion approaches?
Minkowski diagram, hyperbola and invariant quantity of relativity
What constitutes an observation/measurement in QM?
Spring-mass system with two springs and three masses
Does the volume of a thermodynamic system always have to change for it to do work?
Translations of field operators in QFT
Radio communication and antennas
Determine when a light is going into the object
Why do non-stick frying pans work?
How does the specific frequency of EM Radiation relate to displacing electrons from their orbits?
Wheatstone bridge galvanometer error
What is the ion drag mechanism in dielectric heating?
How accelerometers sense constant velocity movements
Trying to link Eulerian and Lagrangian perturbations
Symmetry and overlapping of ground states
Force exerted on potential wall
Deducing latitude from Foucault Pendulum
What does the * mean in spherical harmonics?
String theory from a mathematical point of view
Why are the equal probabilities for Bell state measurement outcomes essential for "quantum teleportation"?
To find whether a particle is in equilibrium or not
Commutation relation with Hamiltonian
Charge conjugation in Dirac equation
A confusion from Weinberg's QFT text (a vanishing term in Lippmann-Schwinger equation)
Rotating sphere and circular trajectory: minimum speed
Reference for the predictability of rigid body dynamics
Could we get rid of explicit fields derivatives in Quantum Field Theories?
Is the geometric formulation of Hamiltonian mechanics really necessary?
Does high entropy means low symmetry?
Understanding Work and the conservation of energy
Extending General Relativity with Kahler Manifolds?
Dirac equation as Hamiltonian system
Setting up equations for a Rotational Kinematics system
Minimal Maxwell's Demon
What's the difference between the equivalence principle and curvature of spacetime?
Force in tetrahedron edges
Bound States in a Double Delta Function Potential
Relation between electric charge and gauge parameter of the moduli space of monopoles
Rigged Hilbert space and QM
Are metal modes mixed with molecular modes during surface enhanced Raman effect?
Taylor series for unitary operator in Weinberg
Does a magnetic field have gravity?
heavy nuclei surface exposed to positron gas
Cosmology constant as a negative pressure?
Heat Exchanger Calculation
Planck mass is about the mass of one eyebrow hair
Anyonic phase factors when encircling one about another
Disappearance of moduli for condensate of open strings
how do you destroy magnetic field - demagnetize?
Realization of Witten-type topological quantum field theory in condensed matter physics
Boussinesq approximation for the Navier Stokes' equation - discrepancy
Why is the world sheet of an open string a cylinder?
Which came first, movement or heat?
Origin of Higgs ghosts
Projectile motion along the earth
Negative sign of acceleration
Solving time dependent Schrodinger equation in matrix form
What is the hierarchy problem?
Do laws of thermodynamics have a place in Theory of Everything?
What happens when a ferromagnetic object encounters a field too strong for it?
What makes thrust reversers different from fans on a sailboat?
An explanation for the Landauer's principle
Special Relativity & Mirror Reflection
Wave/particle duality
What process could produce two neutral pions only?
What's the first physics textbook for undergraduate self-learner？
Calculate pressure of air trapped underwater
Question about de Broglie Waves?
Divergence equations (Maxwell)
Range of electromagnetic waves
What else does the fabric of space-time do?
How does the weight force distribute in roughly kite like kinematic to determine torques
Orbital momentum and spin transfer through gauge mediator
Spin 3/2 Statistical Mechanics Problem
Is spacetime flat inside a spherical shell?
Why is the binding energy per nucleon not zero for hydrogen atom?
Kerr geodesics differential equations in equatorial plane
More than one time dimension
Definition of Fine-Tuning
What do the supercharges in extended supersymmetry do?
Is NaCl vapour plasma?
Why is the spinor wave function of graphene what it is?
Simple quadrupole moment
Gas kinetic representation of trans-critical conditions
Logical requirement of newton's third law
How does the dressed Klein-Gordon propagator look in position space?
Wilson lines, boundary conditions, surface defects of TQFTs
Is the time reversed laser really a laser?
Computer Science Modeling of Physical World
Understanding the math behind a falling object attached to a parachute
7 sphere, is there any physical interpretation of exotic spheres?
Energy spectrum of a Dirac electron
How relative humidity and temperature affect rainfalls
Spinors Under Spatial Reflection
How realistic is the game "A slower speed of light"?
Will ideal gas law apply to plasma?
why dosen't a charged particle radiate energy in circular motion in a uniform magnetic field?
Book reviewing current state of research on complex networks
Can gravity accelerate an object past the speed of light?
Optics: Derivation of $\vec\nabla{n} = \frac{d(n\hat{u})}{ds}$
What is the role of the vacuum expectation value in symmetry breaking and the generation of mass?
Derivation of Bloch's theorem
How to tell local and non-local in QFT?
Why does pizza cheese seem hotter than the crust?
Americium battery
Interpretation of an "interaction" term
Most sophisticated experiment you could perform in your garage?
vacuum level alignment
How to relate photon's higher frequency to time dilation?
Generalizations of Bell's inequality to quantum field theory
How much runway does the space shuttle need to land?
How to properly find equilibrium vectors when 3 or 4 vectors are present?
Why are Topological Superconductors hard to make?
Human eyes vs aberrations
After what speed air friction starts to heat up an object?
Find the quantity of charge - given potential function
Dispersion & Absorption in Optics
Tiling hexagons on a sphere surface
Current in series resistors and voltage drop in parallel resistors
Mutual Inductance and the Dot Convention
Visualization of de Sitter spaces
Generalized momentum conjugate and potential $U(q, \dot q)$
Where is noncommutativity in the state-effect formalism of quantum mechanics?
Expectation values of $(x,y,z)$ in the $|n\ell m\rangle$ state of hydrogen?
Why is mass renormalization insufficient to explain electron mass?
Is the gravitational constant $G$ a fundamental universal constant?
What day/night cycles, climate and seasons would experience Alpha Centauri Bb inhabitants?
Proving the consistency of Faraday's law of electromagnetic induction
Physical difference between two different attenuation coefficient functions
Cubic term in gauge theories
What was Albert Einstein's proof for $E=mc^2$?
The definition of entropy in quantum mechanics
Does uncertainty imply noncommutativity?
Car accident, put in park or neutral?
Can mu-metal reduce the negative effect of metal close to low frequency RFID antennas?
What is the relationship between consistent histories and path integrals?
Is it possible to have a floating bullet in the air?
How do black holes accrete mass?
The use of Hall algebras in physics
Is it possible to recover the old Bohr-Sommerfeld model from the QM description of the atom by turning off some parameters?
Are there physical theories that require the axiom of choice to be "true" to work?
What is temperature?
Would it be possible to transmit information through gravitational waves?
If wave packets spread, why don't objects disappear?
How long will it take for a bullet to reach a Geostationary orbit?
Fresco in his "Future By Design" introduces drawing of underwater vessel and its front system of generating air bubbles. Is idea energy efficient?
Finding the acceleration of Block attached using tricky string setup
Has BCS Cooper pair condensate been observed in experiment?
How wide does a wall of ice need to be to stay in place?
Lorentz model and energy exchange
Mass-Energy relation
Does the Photino have mass or is it mass-less like the photon
What is non-thermal plasma?
What is the likelihood of a long-period comet impact?
What is the spectrum of energies for the potential $ a^{x} $?
How do you assign an observable to spectral lines in Heisenberg's resolution of Rydberg-Ritz?
Classical Communication in Quantum Teleportation
Turning an airplane - coordinated turn and inclinometer ("the ball")
Is $kg_f$ the same everywhere in the universe?
Is there a relation between the number of dimensions of space time and the number of fundamental forces?
Recommendations for a physics-related book for a child?
Dark Energy saving the world
Did the universe always have 4 space time dimensions?
Does the Higgs Mechanism contradict Entropic Gravity?
What determines which observables are QM?
Equivalent spring equations for non-helical coil shapes?
Force on Earth due to Sun's radiation pressure
Conservation of momentum with MOND
What are the differences among the concepts: binding energy, cohesive energy and formation energy?
Can decompactification explain the inflation of the early universe?
Particles vs Waves
When moving fast Time slows down Vs speeds up
outward pressure in an confined electron gas
Calculating uncertinity in measurements
Geometric interpretation of perturbation theory in quantum field theory
How do I derive the transformation law of a Weyl spinor under a Lorentz transformation?
What's the lower limit for energy usage to desalinate water?
Why does leaning back make a kicked ball go higher?
Is there any reproducible tested evidence for Ni-H cold fusion?
What velocity must an aircraft achieve for its shock wave to transform to plasma?
Question about finding $k$ in Hooke's Law
Does every measurement correspond to an eigenstate of an observable?
Normal Forces and Ferris Wheels
Relativistic momentum
Why doesn't a neon sign seem that hot?
Applying angular velocity to a rotation matrix
How can we create superposition in QM?
How would an observer perceive movement on a train that's travelling near the speed of light?
Two masses with interacting forces and an external force
Practical meaning of making a measurement/observation in QM?
Meaning of the direction of the cross product
Understanding the concept of period of motion in simple harmonic motion formula
Is wave–particle duality considered a valid interpretation of the behavior of photons?
Aharonov-Bohm Effect and Integer Quantum Hall Effect
How cold should it be outside for a hot coffee mug to break?
Is there any law that prevents an object with mass to become massless?
Time-independent Schrödinger function: If the potential $V$ is even, then the wave function $\psi$ can always be taken to be either even or odd
What does superposition mean in quantum mechanics?
Can electromagnetic fields be used to deconstruct and reconstruct atoms?
Have I discovered how to calculate the proton's mass using only integers?
What is voltage: strict but intuitive definition from accumulator's perspective
Download only physics and maths wikipedia pages for offline use
What is the exact relationship between scale invariance and renormalizability of a theory?
Refraction and Reflection Seismology
Show that purity = 1 in a pure state
Why is Near Field Communication (NFC) range limited to about 20cm?
Getting a given wavelength radio signal given an antenna with real-world constraints
Dirichlet's work on gravity in non-Euclidean space?
Basic questions about voltage drop in DC circuit
Vacuum energy and perpetual motion
QED: Would atoms without electrons be visible?
What does the latest $B_s^0\rightarrow \mu^+\mu^-$ results mean for SUSY?
What is the weakest magnetic field that can practically be measured?
Find Inductance in a Coil
Flat poster on a wall gaining curvature over time
SI units with more than one prefix in fractions
The synthesis of $^{254}\text{No}$
If superposition is possible in QM, why do we often assume systems are already in their eigenstates?
Definition of scattered particle?
Bernoulli's equation and reference frames
Takhatajan's mathematical formulation of quantum mechanics
The role of representation theory in QM/QFT?
Are a quantum mechanical system a chaotic (yet deterministic) system?
Difference in velocity of light in change in medium
How to reconstruct information from a graph of an oscillation?
What are Wightman fields/functions
Poynting vector of a wire between capacitors
Wave function of Hydrogen Atom
What are the properties and characteristics of a single Quantum?
Kinematics algebra, pT, Peskin Eq.17.59
The physics community's take on noncommutative geometry
Many faces of linear response theory
Limit of Fermi-Dirac distribution as $T$ goes to zero
What does the velocity of a wave mean?
How to compute the expectation value $\langle x^2 \rangle$ in quantum mechanics?
If something weighs 25 kg, how do I find the mass of the object?
What is the linear momentum of an inelastic and elastic collision?
What is the Landé g factor?
Minimal coupling of an atom to the EM field
(Earth's) magnetic field
Does the equivalence principle mean that the Earth is expanding?
Where did Karl Schwarzschild derived his solution?
Thomas-Fermi approximation and the dielectric function (+ small bit on graphene)
Are there any electro-optic crystals that are also pyroelectric but not birefringent?
Simulating a proton
What is the characteristic length of a cylinder
What is the relativistic particle in a box?
Why does $H_2$ form on such a long time scale?
What would happen to a person that was inside the Large Hadron Collider when it is turned on?
Is physics rigorous in the mathematical sense?
Interpretation of derivative interaction term in QFT
Why is the axial current said to create particles?
Ground state energy $ E_{0} $ and evaluation of physical energies
Horizontal velocity of a projectile
What is the operator for the edge current of a fracional quantum Hall state?
How can I prove this inequality?
Finding The Obtuse Angle
Positivity of Total Gravitational Energy in GR
Why is planet CFBDSIR2149-0403 hot?
Why is electric field zero inside a hollow metal sphere ?
Fock picture of bosonification in condensates
Poincaré group on quantum Klein-Gordon field (C*-algebraic scenario)
Can I take heat from the air and convert it to electricity?
Faddeev-Popov ghost propagator in canonical quantization
Noether's charge due to lorentz transformation
alternatives to supersymmetry and Coleman-Mandule theorem
What papers detail the early research on heavy fermion superconductors?
Integral representation of Thomas-Fermi Equation
Which SUSY models are affected by the recent LHCb result?
How to calculate gravity inside the star?
Real, non-constant scalar field with special properties in class of 4-dimensional spacetimes
Computational Science involve programming?
Yang Mills Hamiltonian: why do we use the Weyl's temporal gauge?
Is the structural similarity between atoms ( smallest) and universe (biggest) a conincidence. Or there can a reason for this beyond imaginations
In MSSM, are the higgs fields eaten by Z,W scalars or pseudoscalars?
How does relativity lead to multi particles in Dirac and QFT, exactly
Can exhaust gases be diverted to other cylinders during engine operation?
Meaning of instantaneous probability densities in time dependent wavefunctions
Are we big or small?
Playground of Forces
Jerk Magnitudes and Earthquakes
Introducing dimensionality of the $+$ and $-$ signs
Isn't a single Quantum one single string?
Why does water make a liquid film?
Calculational method for determining surface tensions from photograph of menisci?
A Lawnmower Problem
Solving a statically indeterminate truss
What accounts for the discrepancies in my calculations of year lengths?
Way to escape from a black hole
What are Griffiths effects in the context of condensed matter physics?
Thermal expansion is an expression of which conservation laws?
Are square wave really square or are they always relative approximations using harmonics
Information faster-than-light and GR vs. QM
At what rate does a rotating black hole lose mass via Hawking Radiation?
Quantum Mechanics - The Normalization of $\psi_{3,1,1}$
How to detect radiation on the metal (coin)?
Poincare Patch covers half of the hyperboloid of AdS
Firewall's grandfather paradox
Right topology for infinite dimensional "Hilbert" spaces with indefinite or semidefinite norm
How do bits get transferred over a copper wire?
Negative open string norms after BRST cohomology?
Why are we not using thorium for energy?
Why, in EXAFS spectrum, does the absorption coefficient monotonically decrease with increasing photon energy?
Is a soundproofed wall really only as strong as its weakest area?
Activation energy and entropy
What does it mean to apply an operator to a state?
What is the physical interpretation of the density matrix in a double continuous basis $|\alpha\rangle$, $|\beta\rangle$?
Problem with convergent geodesics at 2D sphere
First order phase transition in a classical system
Does quantum mechanics predict instantaneous action at a distance even without entanglement?
Is 2.5x speed of light possible between two objects?
Can you put a magnetic ball into a hollow magnetic sphere?
should the Z0 decay at the same rate that the neutral pion?
Relative Velocity and Momentum
Help: 3D visualization of magnetic field around moving point charge
Is it possible to create a head-mounted optical device that allows the user to see the wind?
What is the $\mu$ problem in SUSY?
How would I work this continuity problem?
Applications of QFT in theoretical physics
Result of increasing the radius of earth?
Are the Maxwell's equations enough to derive the law of Coulomb?
Unstable particles and quantum field theory
Solving inclined plane using diff. frame
What is the best tool for simulating Vacuum and Fluids together?
high spin atoms SU(2) representation
How small can diffraction grating be?
Momentum And Energy Problem
Solution of a partial differential heat equation with derivative and boundary conditions
Could some Red and Blue shifts be the result of light passing through "dark matter"?
Does a magnet's field become stronger or weaker in a vacuum?
What is the meaning of negative mass (in a SUSY spectrum)?
Feynman rules for SUSY
A Decrease In Momentum?
Momentum And A Car Collision
Interacting representation of the Poincaré group
Statistics in physics
Is there a "present state" of distant stars if simultaneity is relative?
How do I define time-ordering for Wightman functions?
Perturbation method & eigenvalues
What is force? How does a constant force output a nonconstant power?
Why does the Gallum-Arsenite bandgap narrow for higher temperatures and is this because of unavoidable impurities?
Strange Behavior in Spring Computer Model
Octave equivalence: biological or more?
Physics Impulse
The formula of the force exerted on an electric dipole by non-uniform electric field
image distortion when taking a picture from space
Dipole moment of the electron
How does rubbing cause the transfer of electrons from one object to the other?
Are the intersections of past and future light cones spacelike?
Energy distribution between long- and shearwaves after refraction of sound
Question on Section 9.1.3 in "Conformal Field Theory" by Philippe Di Francesco et. al
Photon energy - momentum in matter
Hemispheric dichotomy of Mars and unstable spin axis
Electric field and electric potential of a point charge in 2D and 1D
Angular momentum confusion
Electromotive force
What interaction does a Fayet-Iliopoulos coupling parameterize the strength of?
Meaning of the word "Moment"?
What is current of electric circuit which has only one component - a battery (or cell)?
Variational approach to search the excitations. What will happen if start from wrong reference state?
Branes Collision -> Big Bang
Thermal expansion of Sphere
Can entropy be explained in terms of a cleaning/keeping your room clean?
Is it really a particle?
Physics background for Quantum Mechanics
Refractive index inside a fibre
Analysis of the impulse of 2 colliding carts under the effect of magnetic repulsion
Modeling linear spring deformation in time
What does "particle number conservation" mean in condensed matter physics?
Does the exact string theory $S$-matrix describe all physics there is?
Could we have assumed the speed of light to be different in different reference frames?
Reflectance and phase shift vs incident angle and wavelength
A thought about Quasars
Böotes Void and Dark Galxies
Integrable vs. Non-Integrable systems
is Bohr-sommerfeld formula valid if the potential is non-smooth?
How to derive the divergence leading to Kohn anomalies?
What is (or where can I discover) the Burke Potential?
How exactly are the different motions of only one kind of fundamental string assumed to give rise to the spectrum of elementary particles we observe?
How does an inflationary universe solve the Flatness Problem, Horizon Problem and Monopole Problem?
What is the electric current $I_{12}$ and voltage $U_{12}$ in following electric circuit?
Can traditional steam (water vapour) exist in a vacuum?
What happens to the temperature of the water when you add salt to a bowl of melting ice?
what is the basic form of the 'fire'?
Frequency of the sound when blowing in a bottle
A question about Pauli’s exclusion principle and electron orbital
Implications of rotational invariance
Center Of Mass Troubles
Inner product of particle-anti-particle spinor components
Spin of 125 GeV Higgs boson
What is the orbital motion where both foci are located at one point?
CPT Violation and Symmetry / Conservation Laws
Elastic Collision And Momentum
greenhouse trap and perpetual motion
Dirac notation question
Why Must Conserved Currents of Lorentz Symmetry Satisfy the Lorentz Algebra
Can small clouds reflect enough light to hurt your eyes/blind you?
Physics-based derivation of the formula for entropy
Why does a blue sky at dusk appear nearly black through a telescope?
What is the meaning of change of angular momentum of a ballistic object during its flight?
Can structural trusses in centrifuges be helpful at all?
Gauss Law for Electric Fields
What is the formula for max kinetic and max potential energy of a spring?
Formula for electric permittivity
Possible colors of fire?
How does Delta baryon decay conserve angular momentum?
Earth is rotating
Index of Refraction
Is a preferred reference frame of the universe the old aether?
Generalized quantum mechanics
Why is average velocity the midpoint of initial and final velocity under constant acceleration?
Glueball mass in non-abelian Yang Mills theory
How to explain Tsirelson's inequality using extended probabilities?
Finding the energy levels of an electron in a plane perpendicular to a uniform magnetic field
Is there any dynamical reason for the winter solstice to happen close to the perihelion?
Using the monte carlo method to compute the magnetic field of a curent carrying loop
Why are momentum balance equations formulated in terms of net stress rather than net force?
What is the meaning of the word "Principle" in Physics?
Is Pauli-repulsion a "force" that is completely separate from the 4 fundamental forces?
Solving a circuit with Kirchoff/Ohms Law
How big of a lens or parabolic mirror would it take
Elastic Collision Between Two Objects
What exactly are Hamiltonian Mechanics (and Lagrangian mechanics)
Solving a rather unusual (diagonal) circuit
The analogy between temperature and imaginary time
How to make timelike entanglement in the laboratory?
Is String Theory formulated in flat or curved spacetime?
Translate a two dimensional classical Dirac theory to a (1+1)-dim quantum theory
What is spin stiffness?
Regulating the sum in Casimir Force
Small Oscillations and matrices: suggestion about text
Is There Any Difference Between Strong Quarks Force and Strong Nuclear Force?
What caused Simon Faithfull's chair to fall appart?
Speed of light in a vacuum
Integration of constant: $\int dp = \Delta p$ in impulse formula
Do greenhouse gasses make the world habitable?
For a fixed power input, is it better to hit something with a light rod or a heavy rod?
Poynting vector and Rindler flux under time inversion
Potential for charge distribution, finiteness
Plane wave expansion in cylindrical coordinates
Quantum mechanics textbooks that use path integrals
Units of azimuthally integrated radiant intensity
Vector Nature Of Angular Velocity
Force on a bar magnet
What is the maximum mass of planet HD 40307 g
How do Einstein's field equations come out of string theory?
How do I find the force on the charged sphere due to a dipole sitting inside?
How to determine whether a large container is air-tight?
Why does the spotlight reflected off of a rectangular mirror tend to become circular?
Confused about unit of kilowatt hours
Can a blackhole eat a blackhole?
What does Friedrichs mean by "Myriotic fields"?
about polarization of light
$J_1$-$J_2$ Heisenberg antiferromagnet
Confusion about P=VI and V=IR
Circular polarization: properties and detection
Where can I find a complete list of metamaterials up to today?
Could dark energy be heat? Could dark matter be stuff that is not seen because of its refraction limits?
If the observable universe keeps expanding would we eventualy see light 24/7.... clouds permiting?
Proca equation question
Schrödinger operator with a potential defined implicitly
Electrostatic Dust Removal
Scattering states of Hydrogen atom in non-relativistic perturbation theory
Lotus effect dust removal
Constructing Supersymmetric Lagrangians
Phase and Group Velocity of Electromagnetic Waves
Is it possible to increase refractive index at lower densities?
About interchange phase of identical particles in Weinberg's QFT book
Minimum time required to reach a point
What does Metric Transitivity Mean?
The requirements for superconductivity
Why does the electric field dominate in light?
Can high charges (like $1\times 10^{-3}$ coulomb) be acheived?
A step in the derivation of the magnetic moment of the electron in Zee's QFT book
boundary limit conditions in 3D water surface simulation
Would it be possible to create a hadron collider in space?
How does light travel create time travel violating causality?
What are good books for graduates/undergraduates in Astrophysics?
How can kinetic energy be proportional to the square of velocity, when velocity is relative?
DIfference in Pitch Caused by Water Temperature?
Energy Question
Artificial planetary magnetic field
General relativity and the microscopic/macroscopic distinction
What does the general solution of the Schrodinger equation represent for the particle in a box problem?
Constraints on open strings absent at the perturbative level
Rigid body dynamics of tossing of a coin
Ball rolling down an inclined plane going in to a loop
How does one come up with the Coulomb's law?
Isn't it incorrect for the minimal gauge coupling and related calculations in Prof. Ezawa's book on quantum Hall effect?
Hawking Radiation as Tunneling
How to go from Quantum World to Classical World?
Does Earth's Rotation Affect Its Shape?
Born rule and unitary evolution
Does matter with negative mass exist?
exponential potential solution
Idea of precursors of the electro-magnetic waves
What is the relativistic action of a massive particle?
Why isn't Hydrogen's electron pulled into the nucleus?
A doubt about fuchsian functions in physics?
Why do the drift and diffusion components cancel for each type of carrier if EHP generation plays such big role in p-n-junctions?
Does water have the same surface tension at same temperature but different volume?
In classical mechanics, are complex numbers unphysical?
Finding Constant Angular Acceleration
What is the real interpretation of Planck's constant and what are its origins?
Mass points of a Mass-spring model
What is the physical meaning of retarded time?
Electromagnetism for Mathematician
Calculating restorative force with Hooke's Law
BEC for holography?
Mass diffusion: is $D_{AB} \neq D_{BA}$ at high pressures? If so, why?
In a gauge theory, are two states related by a global phase transformation identified?
Uncertainty writing
Can we have a black hole without a singularity?
What is the physical interpretation of the S-matrix in QFT?
The Fraunhofer Measure
Charge of an electrolytic capacitors
What's the motivation behind the action principle?
Velocity vs Time Bounce
Irreversibility and the Fermi golden rule
Information loss
Time contraction
Application of Noether's theorem
Special relativity, spacetime, velocity and units
How electric currents can flow between 2 points at the same potential?
Can an electron be in two places at the same time?
The Effects of Moving Matter Across Light-Year distances
Mutual Interaction of $N$-Particles in a Cartesian Plane
An electron falling into a black hole
The cleverest way to calculate $\left[\hat{a}^{M},\hat{a}^{\dagger N}\right]$ with $\left[\hat{a},\hat{a}^{\dagger}\right]=1$
Hamiltonian in position basis
Hubbard Model Hamitonian
Momentum as Generator of Translations
How far can water rise above the edge of a glass?
What is different between resolvent and green function
A problem with supersymmetry transformation invariance
Hawking Radiation from the WKB Approximation
Direct nuclear reaction in nuclear physics
One dimensional motion with changing acceleration. Falling to a large body from a great distance
Direct nuclear reactions problems
Fractal Cosmology and Misner's Chaotic Cosmology
Two Different Sorts of Inertia: Inertial Mass and Moment of Inertia
Calculating Moment Of Inertia
Gauge-invariance of pole mass using Ward Identity
Probability in Quantum Mechanics
Simple model of edge states for a two-dimensional topological insulator
Derivation of the self gravitational potential energy of a sphere
Poisson brackets: prove that they are canonical invariants
Does Fire Conduct Electricity? Why?
Why does my natural whistle have a maximum volume
Why do some metal containers not conduct heat, while some do?
Half-Life Question
Torque And Moment Of Inertia
Application of diffraction problem!
Velocity of real gas molecules?
What's the difference between two Hydrogen atoms?
Why are different frequency bands used in different countries?
If we have a current $I$ flowing down a wire, why must the net bound current be zero?
Confused over the presence of 2 expressions for $\Psi(x,t)$
How or why is fractional quantum mechanics important?
A problem concerning the force between currents or moving electrons
Is it possible to have a Gas heavier than a liquid?
Potential Energy in General Relativity
An issue about the compactness and the existence of CTCs
About the gauge invariance of Chern-Simons' theory (in local coordinates)
What happens when a piezo crystal is exposed to a vacuum?
What is the importance of electrodynamics and magnetism in physics as a whole?
Spectrum of quantum fluctuations in a harmonic oscillator
Morse potential and chaos
Determining Water Level
Quantum Mechanics Text for Electrical Engineers
Mean of a measurement on periodic data: what is the use of the inverse of correlation length?
Impedance Matching
About Efimov States and Halo-Nuclei
Can I use Newton's second law to solve what seems to be a torque problem?
How does a lens affect the field of view in a mirror?
about waveplate and polarization
What is Curie-Weiss temperature?
Nonlinear refraction index of vacuum above Schwinger limit
M-Theory: Are the branes still colliding and matter is being produced into our universe?
What phenomenon is used in Optical fibre?
Thermodynamic relations from Gibbs-Duhem
Why is it desirable to have a symmetry to make cosmological constant zero?
Relating the variance of the current operator to measurements
Higgs boson in LHC
What is the expectation value of the number operator when the vacuum has a VEV?
Would a gauss rifle based on generated magnetic fields have any kickback?
What is the importance of Joule's experiment?
Vector transformation in special relativity
Microgravity: how powerful is an astronaut
Relationship between local and global scaling (Weyl) symmetry
How to calculate required current and specifications for a "wet coil" to generate x Tesla of magnetic field?
Boy and box on ice
Existence of adjoint of an antilinear operator, time reversal
A particular case when Lagrange equation is equivalent to equation of motion on a Riemannian manifold
How is distance measured to far away stars and galaxies?
Is there an "authoritative" source for ephemeris data?
Does closing curtains 'make your home warmer'?
Trying to understand the tension in a spring with two weights attached
Does the canonical commutation relation fix the form of the momentum operator?
Mechanics Problem
What size will the Sun become once it is a red giant?
How distorted does the Andromeda Galaxy appear to us due to the speed of light?
How does the resistance force on a rolling ball depend on the ball radius?
Scalar Field Redefinition and Scattering Amplitude
thermodynamics in air and water
Intuitively Understanding Work and Energy
Moment of Inertia Tensor about non-principal axis
Effect of Background Radiation on a Transmitted Signal
How was the Oh-My-God particle observed?
How do you find the speed of sound in the problem?
Is it possible to flow current in open circuit?
How to find the distance of the source of sound in this problem?
Question on Total, Orbital and Spin Angular momentum
Difference between Quark-Gluon Plasma and Color-Glass Condensate?
How long in advance can dates of moon phases be accurately predicted?
Image Formation (Convex-Convex lenses)
Can I use computer fans and tubes to lower the air temperature below dew point?
Recent Higgs boson observation and credibility of superstring theories
Assuming SUSY is found to be incorrect, what would then be the most compelling candidates for dark matter?
$E^2 = (mc^2)^2 + (pc)^2$: What units are used to measure $E$, $m$, $c$ and $p$?
Elimination of the node
Diffraction through the slit
How do the Einstein's differential equation of the curvature of spacetime come out of Einstein's field equation?
Special Relativity
Can objects, animate or inanimate, be constructed out of basic particles?
Can we use a warp bubble for nuclear fusion?
Exploding Earth
How can some-one independently do research in particle physics?
Fast cool down of "things" in the kitchen
Why does an object with higher speed gain more (relativistic) mass?
What is the definition of density as a function?
What was the muzzle velocity of a homemade gun launched straight up if air time was 8.2sec?
How to calculate the supporting force for a cantilever beam?
Representing a polarization vector for light as a 'manifold of two state'
How air humidity affects how much time is needed for heating the air?
deriving a Lorentz transfomation for velocity vector components
Is this $W_{r} = \frac{1}{2}kx^2 $ procedure correct
What time scale is used by the JPL HORIZONS system?
What maintains quark spin alignments in baryons?
Is there a default notation for 4-vectors while handwriting?
Can any rank tensor be decomposed into symmetric and anti-symmetric parts?
What causes a ring-like image around light of the moon?
If acceleration causes relative time dilation does the eventual deceleration reverse it?
How to find exponential values
How does Boscovich's argument show that force must act at a distance?
Air density equation in stratosphere
Why can't "missing mass" (=dark matter) be photons?
Can we transfer the charge on a plate of a capacitor elsewhere?
Estimation nuclear force between proton and neutron in deuteron
Quantization of Nambu–Goto action in multiples of Planck's constant?
Dynamical supersymmetry breaking and Witten index
Newton's third law and General relativity
Why don't the relative positions of stars and other objects in a galaxy change over the year?
Calculating the electric relative permittivity of fluid or medium?
Searching for a collaborator for a physics simulation of multi-party elections
Where is the candle hottest?
Construct the Hamiltonian of electrons on a graphene sheet ( in xy plane)
Question on the Gell-Mann Low equation
Asking for references on the variational treatment of spin wave
Why does the Sun "shine brighter" some days?
Mechanism for the gravitational field generated by photons
Which pion is mediator in nucleon-nucleon interaction
Is there a way to split a black hole?
SUSY, ways to boost Chargino/Neutralino production?
What is the relation between the Higgs field and chirality?
Spring coupled platforms & conservation of momentum - can it be solved with freshman physics?
Can a balloon float into space? (+orbital velocity)
Evolution operator for time-dependent Hamiltonian
Carousel; explanation of a certain phenomenon.
plotting an sRGB gamut Chromaticity Diagram starting with xy coordinates
How do I know the position of some mass in space (starting at rest) over time when applying earth's gravitational force to it?
Meissner Effect for Type-II Superconductors
What are the optimal conditions to fuel your car?
electrostatic potential, analytic properties
What is the consequence of "infinite" gravitational force?
Why are clouds wavy?
Laser Coherence Length/Time
Why is the candela dimension J, not W?
What's the proper way to approximate the position uncertainty of a particle?
What is the critical mass of a planet to have an atmosphere like Earth's?
Why does the universe exhibit three large-scale spatial dimensions?
Acceleration and relativity
Is the momentum operator well-defined in the basis of standing waves?
Wick rotation for FRW in quantum gravity
Is there a black hole interior in black hole complementarity?
Scalar product between Fock states
Metal rod between a capacitor
How to show that if two masses($m_1$ and $m_2$) are connected($r_1<r_2$) with a string moving around a point A, they move with same angular velocity?
About free quarks and confinement
Physical intuition for higher order derivatives
Quantum uncertainty of particle falling in black hole
Intensity in rainfall and global warming
What is difference between the different 'flavours' of neutrinos?
Tensions And Pulleys With Masses
Example of two linearly independent, nowhere vanishing vector fields in $\mathbb{R}^{2}$
Solar System and the Plane of our Galaxy
Help identifying an expression for the action
Relativistic Hamiltonian Formulations
Why can we analyse force balance on a dislocation?
Angle of rays leaving a light source
Is there a mathematical derivation of potential energy that is *not* rooted in the conservation of energy?
(Co)homology of the universe
Wire morphing shape?
How do we know particles exist? Aren't they just waves?
Will I recieve a shock if I charged a capacitor, then I touch the 2 poles in same time?
Multi-loop beta function of gauge theory (*without* Feynman diagrams)
Is two cars colliding at 50mph the same as one car colliding into a wall at 100 mph?
Solving a Statically Indeterminate Truss with Energy Equations (Tricky)
What are some fields where physics is leading mathematics?
Cosmology questions from a novice
Question about the refraction of light in a swimming pool
Chern number in condensed matter physics
Tensor product notation
In QM, does random data "come from anywhere"? Also, what are the properties of the data?
Nuclear fusion: what causes this "resonance" peak?
Electric Potential of a Charged Sphere
Thorium radioactivty vs Uranium radioactivty nuclear power
Alcubierre warp bubble effect on gravity and space
Diffraction through a single slit?
How to get energy of collision if you know force of gravity of an object($m \rightarrow F=mg$)?
Doubts with levers
Is shear elasticity the same as shear modulus?
Does the Chandrasekhar Limit scale for a Black Hole?
What is the meaning of the word "particle" in particle physics?
Fermi surface nesting and CDW/SDW/SC orders
Temperature dependence of the relaxation time in Boltzmann equation for impurity scattering in metals
Finding Rotational Kinetic Energy Of A Clock
Calculating partition function of ultra-relativistic 1D gas
Can bosons that are composed of several fermions occupy the same state?
Lorentz Transformations and Aberration
Rayleigh-Benard Convection
Euler equation of fluid dynamics
With Newton's third law, why are things capable of moving?
Meaning of negative frequency of sound wave
Is proper time renormalization gauge invariant?
On Parallel Transport
Mass-Spring Damper system - moving surface
Is there any possibility in the future that domestic power consumption could be wholly solar powered?
Which direction will the yoyo move?
Derivation of the "Bethe sum rule"
How quarks converted into leptons
How does a magnet work?
Why laundry dry up also in cold/frost?
What is the difference of work $W$ and thermal energy $Q$ in thermodynamic Stirling-process for ideal gas?
Faraday law, third Maxwell's equation in Mathematica
What is the pressure in a vertical pipe that has moving fluid through it?
What are the current possibilities for large-scale storage of electrical energy?
can we investigate physics through investigation of pure number?
Why do we study the scalar field in QFT when there is no such thing in nature?
micro black hole forces
Euler-Lagrange Equation with logarithmic potential
What happens to the vapor pressure when I expel the liquid phase from the vessel?
Why is temperature constant during melting?
Boundary conditions for fields in Kerr/CFT
Theoretically speaking what are the limits for super-capacitors in terms of their storage capability?
Ejected Electrons with 0 KE?
transition between extremal and nonextremal black hole states
Kinetic Energy And Rotational Motion
A problem from Pathria, canonical ensemble, how to calculate $\left\langle \left(\Delta E\right)^{3}\right\rangle $
Accelerating expansion of universe - entire universe a non-inertial frame of reference?
Directionality of angular momentum
How do physicists and astronomers handle leap seconds?
Is man-made Carbon Fusion possible?
Pump pressure required to fill water tower
Ice skater increase of energy
Confused on how to properly use right hand rule
How accurate are Mayan astronomical "ephemerides"?
Quantum cryptography: encryptions
How to express answers where inequalities are involved?
using a unitary matrix to transpose
What is the farthest-away star visible to the naked eye?
Building a LED lamp, which is the brightest? 3 LEDs of 2500 mcd or 1 LED of 6000 mcd?
Can thick-film reflection holograms be used to create true mirrors?
Other Gross-Neveu like theories?
What makes an equation an 'equation of motion'?
How to express $ds$?(when we know expression for $ds^{2}$)
Why doesn't the firewall argument also apply to far away ingoing modes?
observable quantities are gauge invariant?
Why isn't temperature measured in units of energy?
fitting van der waals law on real data
Direction of friction on rollers with plank resting on top
Why is the "canonical momentum" for the Dirac equation not defined in terms of the "gauge covariant derivative"?
Stiffness tensor
Where to place a fan in order to cool a room the fastest
Time evolution of a reduced density matrix
Why the Hamiltonian and the Lagrangian are used interchangeably in QFT perturbation calculations
Will Randall-Sundrum extra dimension scenario become defunct if not supported by LHC?
4-momentum and an $y$ component of momentum
NGCC 1277-- a recoil ejection?
Kerr solution for finite collapse time
What is the energy of interaction between a point charge and an infinite cylinder?
How exactly does static discharge work?
Effect of gas or liquid within a compound lens system
How is the topological $Z_2$ invariant related to the Chern number? (e.g. for a topological insulator)
Impurity scattering
How to deduce $E=(3/2)kT$?
Why are Navier-Stokes equations needed?
Do unoriented strings possess asymptotic states?
Origin of lepton/quark generations?
Classical (or semi-classical) interpretation of photoelectric effect?
Mechanisms of mass generation for Dirac neutrinos
Where can you get a photon detector?
Moving black holes
Root mean square value for DC
Why don't we use the concept of force in quantum mechanics?
Differential of square $dw^2$or square of differential$(dw)^2$?
Do new universes form on the other side of black holes?
Is there record of a bosonic Stern-Gerlach measurement?
What kind of energy gravitates, and why?
Conjugate Variables, Noether's Theorem and QM
Can Parallel Transport always move a Vector Parallel to Itself?
View of the Sun from Voyager 1
What are the coefficients α, β, and κ in this equation for decompression-induced gas bubble growth?
What gonna happen to beer on the moon?
Temperature change as function of solar elevation, current temperature, and cloud cover?
Is the mathematical truth 1+1=2 analogous to the conservation of energy?
Why do phonons cause excellent heat conduction in diamonds?
How should a theoretical physicist study maths?
Calculating Reynolds number for a viscous droplet
Action for a massive point particle in a curved spacetime
How did we find out the shape of our own galaxy without going out of it?
Evaluating propagator without the epsilon trick
It seems to me that superpotentials can be defined in a theory with or without supersymmetry. Is this true?
Need for a side book for E. Soper's Classical Theory Of Fields
Are the Møller wave operators $\Omega_\pm$ related to $\lim_{t\rightarrow\infty}U(t)$ from field theory?
Projectile Motion with Air Resistance and Wind
What is the force of friction between two bodies given their masses and a force pulling them as a unit accross a surface?
Can I estimate the long-term surface heat transfer coefficient based on a temperature difference between the air surface and ground surface?
Splitting light into colors, mathematical expression (fourier transforms)
Do black holes have infinite areas and volumes?
How do I approach this conservation of energy problem, symbolically
Does the kinetic theory of gases means gases mix almost instantaneously?
Measuring nucleons using electron beams
Appearing To Reverse Object's Rotation
What is the energy of interaction between two infinite charged wires?
Is the step of analytic continuation unavoidable or can you model around it?
Displacement with zero velocity
Definitions of Lagrange points: $L_4$ and $L_5$
Energy problem: What's wrong here?
Hamilton operator in absence of causal order?
Is energy the ability to do work?
Nothing escapes BHs, gravitons mediate gravity, so why do BHs gravitate?
Why does the electron energy distribution from muon decay peak near the kinematic maximum?
Not working brakes: just another energy conservation problem
Gaussian integration and dimension argument
What's a compact scientific answer to question "(Why there is) / (what is before) the Big Bang?"
Why quantum mechanics?
Do you feel gravity?
How does spectroscopy determine what depth of the remote atmosphere a particular gas is at?
Order of magnetic phase transitions
Can you measure the speed of water coming out of a hose by its arc?
Characteristics of bloch electron in a priodic potential
Why is $F = mg - T$ in this case?
Tachyon vertex operator (Polchinski's book)
Wavefunction collapse and gravity
why are two higgs doublets required in SUSY?
What is background independence and how important is it?
Low-scale supersymmetry
Does General Relativity encompass Special Relativity?
Can you speed up radioactive decay of plutonium?
Lagrangian for Goldstone mode + topological excitation
Logic behind topological orders
super-jump air balloon
Why is the planck function continuous and not discrete?
Elastic collision in two dimensions
GR limit with massless particles and strong fields
The role of context in information theory
What is the origin of flavor?
How do they produce air on the ISS?
Materials with different gravitomagnetic permeability?
Explain the electric dipole moment vector
Showing symmetry of the stress tensor by applying divergence theorem to $\int\int_{\delta V(t)} \vec{x}\times \vec{t} dS$
Canonical Commutation Relations
What's the difference between space and time?
Why is an electric motor more efficient at higher loads?
Mass of a superstring between two branes?
Assuming that extra dimensions will not be visible at LHC, what motivation will still remain to study them?
How much lift does the average latex helium filled party balloon produce?
Does a wing in a potential flow have lift?
Naive question about time-dependent perturbation theory
Temporal part of Quantum Wavefunction
How do I calculate speed of air on each side of airfoil?
Can we determine whether or not a particle is entangled?
One strategy in a snowball fight
Unrolling electrolytic capacitors
Hawking radiation for closely orbiting black holes
Attractiveness of spin 2 gauge theories
Why can't one see tidal effects in a glass of water?
How can Sub-Atomic Particles be Visualized?
Why does the moon sometimes appear out-of-place?
Relatively how much energy do fluorescent light tubes take to turn on?
What matter in the original atom bomb is converted to energy?
Higher dimension operator in free Dirac Lagrangian
Two photons of different frequencies collide to create electron and positron
Can a deformable object "swim" in curved space-time?
Origin of exchage interactions
How much of the universe is observable at visible wavelengths?
What is Z3 exciton?
What's the point in shooting down space debris?
Why is energy-momentum 4-vector so much easier to explore/observe than spacetime 4-vector
How do I calculate the probability that the oscillator is in a certain state using partition function?
Constant volume specific heat
How are forces related to decays?
Acceleration of two falling objects with identical form and air drag but different masses
Crucial Misconceptions about The Universe
Partition function of bosons vs fermions
How much of theoretical physics research involves contemplation and reflection?
What's the deal with the gyroscope?
Expectation value of time-dependent Hamiltonian
Averaging decibels
System with no entanglement but consuming quantum discord
Impact of LHC on other science and technologies, in particular on mathematics?
Is the wave-particle duality a real duality?
Is the proper interpretation of temperature missing in this book?
Spin-orbit coupling constant for rubidium
Delta Dirac Charge Density question
Braess's Paradox in Electrical Circuits
What happens to the wavelength/frequency of a photon as it passes through an event horizon?
Conservation of Energy in a Capacitor
Why can we not reduce the size of a system below the correlation length without qualitatively changing its properties?
The Four-Clock Special Relativity Conundrum
How is wavefunction probability redistributed after partial wavefunction collapse?
Does glass get stronger the longer its under water?
General question on aligning a quantization axis
Homotopy $\pi_4(SU(2))=\mathbb{Z}_2$
Gaussian Integrals : Functional determinant expressed as a trace
"Inverted" quantum oscillator
Rough, easy DIY method of measuring magnetic field strength
Colors in the secondary rainbow reverse of that in the primary rainbow
Maxwell's Correction to Ampere's Law
How is it possible for an Ultrasound device to correctly interpret a negative density change in tissue?
Spontaneous symmetry breaking in SU(5) GUT?
A point in multiple magnetic fields
The strong Markov property of Gibbs measures in 2D Ising Model
Harmonic oscillator and Lorentz symmetry
Is there a small enough planet or asteroid you can orbit by jumping?
Terminology for opposite null lines
Is there some sort of Pati-Salam model with mixed generations?
To which extent is general relativity a gauge theory?
Flames with no gravity?
Is diffraction affected by interaction between photons and electrons?
What happens to orbits at small radii in general relativity?
Stability of balanced masses with different surface areas
Is it possible that the Big Bang was caused by virtual particle creation?
Conservation of Charge and Method of Images
Gravity near surface of a large body
Is observable universe an explanation against Olbers' paradox?
Bell State, if Bob applies a Pauli Gate?
What states of matter are possible at lowest temperature?
Efficiently calculating the gravitational force from spherical shell
How would we perceive time going backwards?
Superconducting nanowire in a parallel magnetic field
Photons arriving from the Sun
Is H=H* sloppy notation or really just incorrect, for Hermitian operators?
Would warp bubbles emit gravitational Cerenkov radiation in general relativity?
CGS Units to SI Units
How can two time theories be compactified to 3+1 without any Kaluza-Klein remnants
Maximum temperature that can be achieved
Notation for differential operators and wave function math
How does the aluminium foil do the thermal and WiFi isolation?
Is the liquid/solid line infinite?
What happens at the end of Coriolis Deflection
Influence of choice of statistics on gas kinetics
What are anomalous threshold singularities
Polaris distance correction and implications for cosmological measurements
Calculate Rotational Intertia
What is the 'bump' near $M_{\mu\mu}\approx 30\text{ GeV}$
About voltage and charge of van de graff generator
How does the introduction of living things into a closed system affect the rate of change of entropy?
Definition of angular velocity
What is the motivation for the definition of concurrence in quantum information?
How do I start learning particle physics?
Beyond WKB approximation for energies
Limescale formation at room temperature?
Is it possible to determine particles' velocities from their crossings on a ring?
Does light shine better through a matt surface or a glossy surface?
How neutrinos can be harmful?
What is the link between the density matrix and Hestenes' spinors in geometric algebra?
Properties of spilled spent nuclear fuel pellets
Point where resulting magnetic field is equal to 0
Is the artificial gauge field a gauge field?
Introduction to Gauge Symmetries: Good, Bad or Ugly?
Effect variable cylinder radius has on airflow
Voyager 1 cosmic ray strips
Identification of extended quantum objects?
What is the spatial mode of light or the spatial mode of a massive particle?
Connecting 4-velocity to equation for adding velocities
Questions about the speed of light and the extent of the universe
What is the colour of starlight?
Is it possible to create an electrified silicon gas vortex?
Thermodynamic process when nebula is heated
How can these fluid dynamical smoke-ring phenomena be explained?
Decay of a particle
Lower bound for the spin in particle decay process
Calculating outside temperature based on indoor measurements
Problem evaluating moles in a an isochor transformation
Why can't there be a trap door under nuclear reactors in case of meltdown?
How does a warp field interferometer work?
Potential Energy tends to infinity on the N-Body Problem
Is the Lagrangian density in field theory real?
Is there a way to formulate relativistic dynamics in a way that "hides" the finite speed of light?
Showing that the probability density of a linear harmonic oscillator is periodic
Two expressions for expectation value of energy
Highest man-made voltage
Force through quantum mechanics
How do "holographic plates" work?
Instructional examples of QFT
Why doesn't pushing balls in a tube propagate the movement faster than the SoL?
Using thermodynamics and Kinematics together to solve a parachuter problem?
How do Zener diodes maintain the potential across their terminals?
What are the strings in string theory made of?
Blue-shifting as opposed to violet-shifting
Usage of helium in MRIs
Cascade in relativistic turbulence
Cyclic rotation of a Matrix
Why can't light escape from inside event horizon of Black Holes?
paper about black branes and implications to 4d black holes
Commutation relation of $J^2$ and $R(\alpha,\beta,\gamma)$
Why does the echo for soundwaves hitting a vacuum come back out of phase?
Optical equivalent of a superconductor
When can photon field amplitudes be written as field operators?
A foundational question about entanglement
Classical mechanics and the speed of a train-mosquito collision, when perfectly rigid bodies
Parity of a decay
Minimal voltage in linear accelerators to achieve relativity?
Does light have timbre?
Tensor Introduction
Why doesn't the dark matter halo co-rotate with the luminous disk? What keeps it from falling into the center if not angular momentum?
Non-Degeneracy of Eigenvalues of Number Operator for Simple Harmonic Oscillator
Why is the $S_{z} =0$ state forbidden for photons?
Ways to experimentally control the chemical potential of a solid state system
How to interpret Stefan-Boltzmann's law?
How did pre-Copernican astronomers accurately predict planetary position?
The validity of the Longitude of Perihelion
Gross-Pitaevskii equation in Bose-Einstein condensates
Why is boiling water the second time more quiet than boiling it the first time?
Physical meaning of magnetic length
How does weight/mass affect angular momentum?
Why is the transition into N proportional to N+1?
Software to simulate dynamics of objects in a given gravitation field
Do wide-angle videos make the first-person view seem slower than perceived in real life?
Transparency of solids using bandgaps and relation to conduction and valence bands
Finding the electric field for a shell of charge
What will happen when measuring unmeasurable object?
Why don't black holes have magnetic hair?
Data requirement to determine proportionality
Confined in a box, what is the average distance between a particle hitting a side?
Angular Momentum of Diatomic Molecules
Electron hopping among molecules - Marcus equation
Is there Pair production in between charged plates
Question on "new CNGS/OPERA measurement of neutrino velocity" (hep-ex/1212.1276)
When is the right ascension of the mean sun 0?
few fermions in a harmonic trap — position density matrix from diagrammatics
How to relate speed of sound with relative humidity?
Is it possible for the planets to align?
Why is information in a volume proportional to it's surface area?
Does a Peltier Thermoelectric layer make a good regulator for LN2 heat-sink interfacing
Why does the milk frother on my coffee machine make so much noise?
Charge on capacitor plates in series combination?
Energy Conservation Law validity
Why do power lines buzz more when it is low-humidity outside?
Is equivalent resistance always lower if we add a resistor to a passive electronic circuit?
Why can't a superconductor make a DC motor self sustaining?
Differential of Quantum mean value or expectation value
Correcting for bad eyesight on display monitors
Is $E=mc^2$ reserved to nuclear physics?
Internal energy according to the van der Waals equation
Measure maximum volume of liquid of a water tap
Are galactic stars spiraling inwards?
Am I faster than my shadow?
Potential of particle exchange
Why does Physica A journal contain economics papers?
Is this closed time-like curve in a Godel universe a "circle"?
Double slit experiment alternating holes
What causes the back of a bike to lift when the front brake is applied?
Lagrangian of 2D square lattice of point masses connected by springs
Quantum Conservation versus classical conservation
Could micro black holes obey the Eddington limit?
Semiconductor problem: how much Boron is required to establish a certain amount of charge carrier density
What does "equinox of date used" mean?
Wavelength comparison of two waves
How efficient is the human body?
WKB method of approximation
Tidal force on far side
Stealing heat, or not?
The meaning of imaginary time
How do electrons jump orbitals?
Rod slipping against block due to gravity?
Design and use of the RLC model for signal processing systems and spatial acoustics
How do I solve the current of this resistor using Maxwell's Current Theorem?
How target locking woks?
Two similar questions related to analytic continuation of a complex variable and its conjugate
When calculating the local apparent sidereal time, which time scale should I use?
How do I correctly scale down a space capsule for testing its physical behaviour on splashdown?
What is the difference between UT0, UT1 and GMT time?
A thought experiment with Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle
What is the motivation for assuming "Page" scrambling for Hawking radiation?
How many percent of the visible light reaching the Earth are from other stars than the Sun?
Do all the forces become one?
Angular Momentum Operators Non-Degenerate
The state of Indefinite metric in Quantum Electrodynamics
Information scrambling and Hawking non-thermal radiation states
Multipolar expansion profile of Hawking radiation on Kerr black holes
Why is a cycloid path the fastest way to roll a ball downward?
Is the Hawking radiation of a charged black hole thermal?
Why is my approach to the equation of time off by a constant?
How to calculate radiative transition rate of exciton in a quantum dot with specific dimension?
Does a particle in a spherically symmetric infinite square well potential exert a force on the inner and outer shell barrier?
The Role of Gravity among the Fundamental Forces of Nature
Recipe for computing vertex factors in Feynman diagrams
How deep is the Great Red Spot?
Divergence calculation of a lie algebra valued quantity having spinor indices
Expectation value calculation for a weird operator
Dark Matter and Rotational Velocity Curves of Galaxies and Stellar Systems
The meaning of multiverse
Why is the Hubble Space telescope able to see farthest in the universe?
Why does glass break at the line where you score it?
Is air drag equation in term of momentum still valid?
Working out the electric field from applied energy
Liquid with freezing point above 0 Celsius that could be use at ice rinks
Adjoint of momentum operator
How do EM waves get detached from an antenna?
Scalar Field Theory Decay/Scattering
What is the color of Water?
Zero point fluctuation of an harmonic oscillator
Escape velocity from Earth
Constructing the space of quantum states
Schrodinger's equation (explanation to non physicist)
What's the most efficient way to study physics?
Electric field inside and outside a metallic hollow sphere
How much does a proton weigh when it is going around the LHC at CERN?
Hamiltonian of the charged current in SM (related to the lorentz invariance)
Is it possible to reduce the sound, when two metal objects collide (perhaps with some coating) without reducing the rigidity of the surface?
How would natural (resonant) frequencies affect amplitudes?
How EM waves are produced by accelerating charged particles?
What is the significance of negative frequency in Fourier transform?
Can one compute the vibrational spectrum of a bond by the Fourier transform of the dipole moment vector autocorrelation function $C_{\mu\mu}(t)$?
How much energy Maxwell's demon will earn?
Can the mass of a SUSY particle depend on the process it participates in?
Sound intensity and space/things in the way
Definitions of the Normal Ordering Operator in CFTs and QFTs
Does it happen at high energies (heavier leptons decay)?
Space-time geometry and metric
Does the universe obey the holographic principle due to Stokes' theorem?
Operator Ordering Ambiguities
Do all the particles acquire mass in the Standard Model due to the Higgs mechanism only?
Are different frequencies of light lensed differently during gravitational lensing a bit like refraction?
Seeing The Light in a Black Hole
Explanation on Atomic Orbitals and Molecular Orbitals
What is the meaning of the gradient of a current vs time graph?
Hamiltonian of the surface states of a 3D topological insulator
Witten's constrained S-matrix and Coleman-Mandula Theorem
Increment of surface tension with increase of temperature
Production of electricity from atmosphere
Could an NEO strike the moon with sufficient velocity for the shrapnel to escape Lunar gravity, and be attracted by Earth's?
Optical constants of noble metals: the Drude model for microwave modelling
How to find out the maximum radius of a hole that can keep water stay in a container by water viscosity?
In a non-degenerate plasma, why are e-e collision negligible compared to e-ion for thermal conduction?
Is $k_B \rightarrow 0$ the classical limit of stat. mech., as $\hbar \rightarrow 0$ is in QM?
Is there a simple way to compute some physical constant from Feynman diagram statistics?
Freedom in the Choice of a Beta Functions in RG
What's the physical significance of the inner product of two wave functions in quantum region?
Quantum field theories with asymptotic freedom
Strange light polarization effect?
Are Hall edge currents truly dissipationless?
Photon pumping in Laser
Conservation laws in mSUGRA model
Interpretation of $e|\psi|^2$ as electron density
What is physical meaning of $\kappa$ and $R$ in curved space?
Why does the monitor make a cracking noise?
Basic question about probability and measurements
Freeze and "break apart" an object. How?
Fermi's Golden Rule and Density of States
Noise spectrum of two systems and interacting Hamiltonian
If we charge a capacitor can we discharge it into a battery?
What is the Laughlin argument?
What is non-Abelian about non-Abelian Chern-Simons' theory?
Why are so many forces explainable using inverse squares when space is three dimensional?
Proper times of two observers in a three-torus
Phase volume contraction in dissipative systems
How can I cause a levitating magnet to rotate?
Convert latitude of lowest altitude to argument of perigee?
What is the angle of the string with the vertical?
Calculating the error by a small change of the potential in Schrodinger equation
Rotating Empty Sphere around stationary black hole
Can one predict mass distribution in a solar system given the mass of the star?
Amplitude of an electromagnetic wave containing a single photon
Wigner's friend and quantum Zeno effect
Can you tell if a particle is in superposition?
General Physics Short question
Asymptotic limit of the two kink solution of the sine-gordon equation
What are all the approaches that have been tried for a theory of quantum gravity?
Definition of "Quantizing"
Causality in a gedanken experiment on the hydrogen atom
Eigenvalues and eigenfunctions of the exponential potential $ V(x)=\exp(|x|) $
Displacement of a Rock Thrown Overboard
Cubic symmetry and a stiffness tensor
Who used the concept of symmetries first?
Would it be possible to have an electron-less solid?
Name of experiment
Finding an equation for velocity and acceleration
Can a nearly-extremal black hole be stable against Schwinger vacuum breakdown?
Can I survive a free fall using a ramp and a rope?
Is the induced electric field due to time varying magnetic flux always circular?
Ball Rolling in a Parabolic Bowl
Uniform chain falls off table Diff EQ
is this generalized Hawking radiation formula right?
Classical vs. Quantum use of the spin 4-vector
Planetary Gravity and its effects
If layers of insulation are continuously added to a heated object, will it continue to be better insulated?
Could metric expansion create holes, or cavities in the fabric of spacetime?
CERN projects on gravity
helmholtz free energy of a polymer
What conductance is measured for the quantum spin Hall state when the Hall conductance vanishes?
Does a charged or rotating black hole change the genus of spacetime?
Magnetic poles in Halbach array?
Energy from man-made tornadoes
At what velocity does sea water leave a pipe run into a fresh water lake (for equal surface levels)?
Intuitive explanation of the inverse square power $\frac{1}{r^2}$ in Newton's law of gravity
Are Carnot theorem and Carnot Cycle related?
What is the experiment where subatomic particles appear to foresee the future?
Lower bounds on spectral gaps of ferromagnetic spin-1/2 XXX Hamiltonians?
Does the background spacetime of a black hole affects its thermodynamic properties?
Finite quantum gravity?
Where does the energy flow differ between a forward and reverse process?
String-net condensation in 3D
An use of the Schwinger-Dyson equation
What does a sphere moving close to the speed of light look like?
How many states can a n qubit quantum computer store?
Are the principles of space-time homogeneity and Isotropy independent of one another?
What are the 't Hooft papers about classical models underlying QM?
Why don't I feel pressure on my body when swimming under water?
Simple explanation of Quantum Zeno Effect
Why does the nature always prefer low energy and maximum entropy?
Gaussian type integral with negative power of variable in integrand
If everything in the universe doubled in size overnight, would it be noticeable?
Why does a smaller acoustic impedance mismatch produce lower transmission?
Rolling (without slipping) ball on a moving surface
(Botanical) branch bending under gravity
How to model a symmetry using Lie Groups?
Counterpropagating beams in a ring cavity lasers
Rolling (without slipping) ball on a moving surface 2
Are Carnot engine efficieny and Fourier heat trasmission law related?
Intuitive meaning of Newton (units)
How could the relative zero gravity of the International Space Station be canceled?
Intuition behind Fourier transformed spaces
Do plastic shoes electrically insulate people from the ground?
Could a spacecraft dock with the voyager 1?
Can an orbit be calculated using two points and transit time?
How does a vacuum oven work?
How is the Dirac adjoint generalized?
A Short way to show Conservation of Quantum Laplace–Runge–Lenz Vector?
experimental technique for measuring temperature of an ant
Why is lightning more rare during snow storms than rain storms?
Alternate geodesic completions of a Schwarzschild black hole
What is the physical meaning of a flux of gravitational field in classics?
Reference request for the Aharonov-Bohm effect
Finding interplanetary flight trajectory using calculus of variations?
Why, for a spin-½ particle, are the possible outcomes of measuring spin projection along any direction the same?
Number of Components of a Spinor
Bose-Einstein condensation in systems with a degenerate ground state
Representations of Lorentz Group
following up dark matter accretion in supermassive black holes
Two-fluid description of superfluidity
Why do cars gain lift while going at a high speed?
Angular momentum power plant on Earth
Will a gas keep forever in a "perfect" flask?
Limitations on how far one can travel in the universe
Does quantum Zeno effect play role in astrophysics?
separation between slip rings of DC generator
Characteristic of a common emitter transistor
Mass-Energy Equivalency
What is the weight equation through general relativity?
How to handle Yukawa contractions in calculating SUSY beta functions?
Does Bernoulli's principle hold in moving reference frames?
How do head mounted displays simulate infinite focus?
Cancellation of the quadratic divergence in QCD
Where do electrons in electricity come from?
Atmospheric hydrogen in Titan
Diffeomorphisms, Isometries And General Relativity
Normal modes of oscillation: how to find them
Does clipping to $m$ guarantee a maximum peak-to-peak amplitude $m$?
Computing microstate probabilities based on Boltzmann distribution for chemical systems - Is it rigorous?
Is it possible to determine astronomically/astrophysically whether other planets have ever encountered polarity reversal?
Magnetic fields and gravitational waves. How far do they reach?
How does rest mass become energy?
QED Commutation Relations Implications
Which kinds of Physics laws do and don't comply with the principle of relativity?
Thermal imaging camera
Conservation of Energy in the Universe
Is the superposition principle universal?
Can entropy be equal to zero?
Gravitation force- Attraction and repulsion
Was uncertainty principle inferred by Fourier analysis?
What determines the direction of precession of a gyroscope?
Charging using a CRT TV set
Lorentz Invariant Equation of Motion for Scalar Field
How does an electrical field really work?
In a spaceship, if a vessel suddently stops will an object inside the vessel keep going?
In a double slit experiment are any particles lost because they hit the space between the two slits?
How does quantum entropy scales with the size of the sample?
Physical meaning of Laplace-Beltrami eigenfunctions?
Does black hole evaporation respect quantum superpositions?
Shouldn't the change in kinetic energy be more in a moving elevator from a stationary frame of reference?
The asymptotic behavior of the propagator of a field
Linear combination of anomalous dimensions in effective potential on pseudomoduli space
Equivalent Representations of Clifford Algebra
Are We Living in a Simulated Universe?
When you apply the spin operator, what exactly is does it tell you?
Can one heat up a vacuum?
Why do Maxwell's equations contain each of a scalar, vector, pseudovector and pseudoscalar equation?
Simulating the evolution of a wavepacket through a crystal lattice
Freezing point depression - cooling my drink with the same method as salt on a highway?
Degrees of freedom in the infinite momentum frame
Parameter determining argon phase
Why do many people say vector fields describe spin-1 particle but omit the spin-0 part?
Lorentz invariance of the integration measure
How to model the form of a surface water wave?
Are branes in 4D-spacetime moving, or are they static?
Path integral with zero energy modes
Is there a nice way to write Navier-Stokes equations in exterior calculus
Will a magnet loose too much strength it cut with a hacksaw?
Nicholas Kollerstrom article on the history of Calculus
Is it possible to enlarge the output angle of a projector with outside lens?
Meaning of a canonical transformation "preserving" a differential form?
Entropy and the principle of least action
Is the Earth's atmosphere a Faraday cage?
What is the current radius of cosmological event horizon?
Measurement of topological spin
Helmholtz Free Energy, Partition Function
Working out the mean velocity of particles in a gas
Meaning of juxtaposition of vectors
Why is low temperature required for optical lattice systems to enter magnetic regime?
Geometrical interpretation of the Dirac equation
