Who decides how much work should be included in each Sprint?
What should we do when we split an Epic and we still get XXXL user stories from it?
TFS: How to represent the application version that each change request, bug etc will be addressed in
Members of the Broader Team Find the PMO Burdensome and Valueless
Can story points remain constant between the initial estimate and later planning sessions?
Is there an Agile methodology that fits with large refactoring?
How to present a "customer impacted" issue to senior management?
What measures and checks to implement for an effective Matrix Management project teams structure?
What is the definition of "project" in Agile settings?
At what point does a user story get tested in an iteration?
Solving which bugs will give greatest cost benefit
How can we successfully introduce Test Driven Development(TDD)?
Is it a risk to be sitting for a latest version of a certification (like PMP) after going through classes using the previous syllabus?
Title/subject formalism in bug reports (standardising bug naming only): I was <context>, I did <action>, I got <actual behaviour>
Feature Team Cross Dependencies
How QA, Frontend, Backend development, and System administration fit in Scrum Management Framework
Does the team estimate time for tasks or stories or both?
What are Our Alternatives to Function Point Analysis for Estimation?
How can my team reconcile flow and pair-programming?
Which Scrum certification provider is most widely recognized or accepted?
How you answer for such question on job interview: Why would you like to be a Project Manager?
Introducing fun at work for Software Engineering team
Is agile a 'subset' of the SDLC?
How handle small refactorings and minor code base improvements in Scrum?
What should be the methodology followed by a research and development project?
What criteria are best suited to compare various Kanban tools in terms of maxmizing ROI?
Tracking estimates and delays in Microsoft Project
Is it accepted practice to group user stories by epics in the sprint backlog?
What is the effective procedure or process to get the esimate of the Project Managers time on the projects ?
Is it possible to synchronise TFS work items with outlook or sharepoint tasks?
What is the role of a C# or Java Technical Team Lead in an agile/XP approach?
How to estimate cost to remove bug?
Queuing theory for measuring "change" delivery?
Should Product Owner be a separate job in Waterfall project
Should a PM assign fine-grained tasks to individuals, or do we have an over-zealous PM?
Project/Ticket Managment
PM for non IT business
How can I get inexperienced team members to meet project deadlines?
Is there a PMO certification for PMO Directors?
PMI-PMP relation
What is the effective system methodology for doing a start-up project?
What should be included in a comprehensive "plan of attack" document?
What are some ways to improve team motivation and sense of achievement using Kanban?
Stakeholder of SRS
Advice needed: best project management solution for a small web studio
Timetabling solution for small tutorial college
How can new project managers avoid the pressure of creating schedules that meet deadlines but are not realistic?
How to handle epics in Kanban?
Development process in a highly dependent environment
Unable to control team and deliverables
Why do Scrum user stories only use the Fibonacci series?
Is Scrum or Kanban only applicable to projects of larger size or projects with greater magnitude?
What is the specific Custom Fields Formula using (GREEN, YELLOW and RED) indicators for Task Start and Finish Dates?
How can Joint Application Development improve a workshop?
What role does a PM play in off-hours engineering work?
How can I manage both user stories and other non-backlog tasks if using VersionOne?
Prioritization of adhoc request vs Handling long term deadline
Should a PM continue to stay on a project after a legal dispute?
Resource allocation / availability changes
Action Trackers, Risk and Issue Registers, Schedule
Should a Scrum Master also perform a functional manager role?
What's the difference between software engineering and software project?
How to map user stories into tickets?
Scope, Time & Cost Triangle Balancing To Motivate Team and Satisfy Client
How does a team learn a domain quickly and effectively on legacy applications?
In SCRUM is it okay to have a separate 'product owner' per story?
MS Project 2013: Overall duration, taking account of non-business days
How to properly drop tasks in MS Project that have value
Can a sprint be composed of vertical slices of functionality across multiple 'projects'?
Should a Project Manager be Directive or Supportive?
Finding similar projects for cost comparison?
Is there a way to deny MS Project to split tasks?
How to print task list & gantt chart from a specific date range
How can we manage schedule risks brought into a project by 3rd party software?
How to get milestone to auto-schedule for next day in MS Project?
Organisation fails to deliver a Product Owner
How can I get the most benefit joining a team as the weakest link?
Can a Scrum Master serve as a Solutions Lead and Architect all at once? What is really the downside?
How to structure a scrum team to build native iOS and Android mobile app that needs backend development?
Which features of user story management should an agile team look for?
Agile methodology for small company; large projects + ticket maintenance
Confusion about user story in project requirement document
Change in career focus; how to sell my skills+experience / get started in PM career?
Program management and the value of Gantt charts when dates are predetermined
Is there a project management methodology that is designed for small teams of 1-3 people?
How could Agile methodologies be used with a middle school Lego Robotics team?
In short: how do I prove my project coordinator skills in the hiring process?
What's the rational behind dehumanizing people and calling them “resources” in project management?
MS Project: Non-working days not printiing on PDF
Total Quality Management vs Project Management
Should I list support activities the Development Team is engaged in as User Stories?
Should we take a photo of our Sprint Board every day for a remote manager?
Creating interview standards for an IT department
Why doesn't duration = work / resources
How to define / build up a coding framework?
Can the INVEST principles be found in my coffee machine user stories?
Should a process be put in place when the team is very small?
how to handle multiple project managers?
Agile methodology for small company; large projects + ticket maintenance
Project scheduling based on use cases or technical tasks
Traditional vs. Modern requirements elicitation. When each of them is more appropriate?
Deploying to production in the middle of a sprint
Balance between sharing creative control and leading the project
How to show secondary and tertiary critical path in MS Project?
Should there be testing-only user stories?
Is there an optimal ratio for talented vs average people in a team?
How to avoid mail-chatting and improve the online communication?
Multi-level process development
For every hour cutting code, how many project hours are spent doing something else?
Is it a good Scrum practice to use large story-point numbers for effort estimation?
How do you modify a delivered user story?
Removing Orphan Entries from an MS Project Resource Pool?
How to not count the duration of non-working days of a calendar in Microsoft Project?
Is there an industry adopted standard tool for Project Management for agile software development teams
Documenting institutional knowledge and legacy systems
Participants of sprint planning meeting - Is it essential to involve part-time team members
How should technical writers fit within a Scrum team?
Am I not organized, or have I put too much work on myself?
MS Project 2010 Finish Date changes unexpectedly
Functional vs Non-functional requirements: Standard proportion of time spending
A software development workflow for a company of 2-4 developers?
Organizing teams without authority support
Recording work experience on PMP application
How to select coaching tools and techniques
A development workflow for a team of 3 developers that minimizes outside interruptions?
New team with little to no management of work and lack of processes
MS Project, Custom Field to show Completed Tasks with Lag
How involved should a PM be in ensuring payments for completed milestones?
Who needs to pay overtime caused by bugs from software we used in an implementation?
Getting estimated working time from MS Project
How to do a business case reboot?
What is the best way to connect themes, Resource Allocation, Projects and Book of Work?
Ideas how to convince old-school tree project management users to agile project management?
Early and Late Start
How do you create your burn-down charts apart from using paid tools
How to improve communication skills of a team?
What is "agile's answer" to projects that come in many shapes and sizes with different scope?
How does someone get into project management?
Need appropriate software development process and paradigms for very short term project
How to hold a project kick-off / requirements gathering meeting for a job interview?
Do ergonomic keyboards, mice, or chairs make a difference in delivering projects on time, on budget, or according to spec?
Is it OK for a Scrum Master to allow a developer to work on a story not prioritized by the Product Owner, if it is on own time?
Example Gantt charts in proposals - how to remove dates in MS Project?
Applying Agile Methodolgies to a conversion project
Immediately assign tasks to everyone or task by task?
how to do product software development?
What is the best way to develop a project baseline?
Project manager must be the chief recruiter?
Best way to divide & assign development work on projects?
How to manage projects/to-do lists efficiently?
Scenarios were missed in analysis and testing phases, which resulted in production issues, is this a project management failure?
How can we effectively manage a master project schedule alongside Asana?
Communicating between agile project teams and shared services
What pro forma documents do people use to talk to clients about web development
Difference in %complete after rescheduling between MSP 2007 and 2010
How to manage reluctant or negligent colleagues to be interested about meetings, administration, or Kanban introduction?
How to track change requests over a functional document
To become a Project Manager, what coursework should be taken?
MS Project: How to set a Resource work by hour regardless of work days?
How do you handle utilization rates for teams with members that have no tasked hours?
What is the meaning of "dollars per module"?
Implementing Feedback in Agile Development
Simple examples of the difference between fixed-work, fixed-unit, and fixed-duration tasks in MS Project
How to motivate team members to share knowledge
Projects to teach university students project management
I don't understand or like agile; should I become a certified Scrum Master?
How to manage a product development and maintenance team
Taking over a disorganised team
Can I have a have a project without having a portfolio?
How do you plan for risks in your project's estimates?
How can we estimate the learning curve for new technology in a project?
MS Project how to compare "% Complete" with "Planned % Complete"
How can I show priorities on the sidebar with Jira Agile?
How can a project manager mitigate the risks associated with a low bus factor?
Help needed for creating project network diagram from WBS
How do you name Sprints in Scrum?
Is one required to be in a project management job to be eligible for PMP certification?
Can we have a Sprint Zero with no deliverable code?
MS Project 2010: Can I define an "overhead" task?
After rescheduling a partially completed task again, work progress is delayed. How do I update it in Microsoft Project?
I want to transition into Project Management from a very different career
How to create metrics that can't be "gamed?"
What tools do I need to manage an agile project?
Shall i opt for PMP exam?
How does sprints in agile differ from spiral model development?
How do I create a task to obtain something with cost in MS Project?
Free project support after sell
FixedPrice but customer wants all risks are handled by their side
Integrating UX into Scrum - how to do usability testing within a sprint?
I am a Product Manager with 6+ years in Product Management; am I eligible for PMP certification?
Including UX in Scrum
How do I auto-level a project mid-duration taking into account % complete on tasks?
How do I capture details in a user story?
How to manage agile projects with high staff turnover
Update project plan, rescheduling and dates
How to measure and count sprint progress in new daily meeting aproach?
In Traditional Development, What Percentage Time is Spent on Analysis?
How much time is spent on software testing for a successful SCRUM?
Non-technical testers on a Scrum team
Why do we use project RAG status instead of team confidence levels to make it more personal and accountable?
As the head of a department, how do you justify your remuneration when what you do is hard to measure?
How to prevent top managers setting unrealistic expectations with a customer?
Calculating time needed for finishing project from scratch
Where is the Deming study that asserts most errors are in organization or process?
Factors to consider for Merging two or more IT Operations team into ONE
How can I measure the performance of individuals within Scrum?
Where do you record time in JIRA that is not part of a sprint?
what is resources in gantt chart for IT project
What are the limitations of 'to-do' lists?
How to track large number of similar projects and tasks?
How does the TFS 2012 burndown work for tasks created and worked on in the same day?
How do you split developers among dependent teams
What ways have you reduced cost for a software project during the planning phase?
Newbie Project Coordinator
How can I attain my PMP PDUs fast and cheap?
What are the disadvantages and advantages of the MoSCoW model?
Baselining project plan and schedule variance in Agile
How to show the PMI Organization that I worked for one year and for more than 1500 hours? What kind of proof and documents do they want?
How many projects can a PM manage at the same time?
Who speaks with the client about the active project?
What are some commonly tracked metrics in Kanban?
What to do If client set the deadline for tasks in software development?
What is the best practice when trying to group projects for reporting?
How to permit multiple Project Managers to update a shared project
When is the best time to create story tasks?
How to change the arrow icon which is displayed as the deadline indicator
Demand Planning for Resources
How to get a customer to deliver the needed ressources as quick as possible
During a sprint, should we try to achieve 100% user story completion or 100% productivity
No performance from Teammember
How to partition backlog sprints among the team?
Showing Microsoft Project files to people without Project
How to make personal tasks in Asana reflect general project task priorities
Estimated costs
Let MS Project 2010 assign resources to tasks?
Cost of resources in virtual environments
Project leadership of engineering team
Is there a role for formal Business Analysts and Systems Analysts in Agile teams?
View project plan by week in a tabular format
How can I plan a project that has undefined scope associated with learning new skills?
How can I effectively split a team into smaller teams?
Is there a list of methodologies ordered by activity
Can a company follow Agile and ISO?
Project stuck in endless testing cycle
User stories delivery issues
Scheduling tasks to start today
Unable to schedule a 4-hour task completed over 2 days in Gantt Chart
A User Story that crosses components
Are inefficient/missing tools an impediment and is it the Scrum master's duty to improve them?
What is project management, and is it a different track from department management within an organization?
What does a low level project manager do?
Agile "user story" for a user-less project
How to monitor team members activity and effectiveness?
Scalability of Scrum
How would you achieve and maintain a high performing team (of Project Managers)?
Successor with Finish-to-start relationship starts at the same time as predecessor
When using Kanban, how do I write tasks and where to put the "weight" of them?
Can we add more user stories to the Sprint Backlog if the requirements change during a sprint?
How do I handle user stories and burn down charts?
Circular project visualisation tool that resembles a cross between Gantt and pregnancy calculator disc
What services are available for managing a product roadmap?
Jira - how to set the size of story/task in kanban board?
Schedule & Customer Blame
How constant should be the software team?
Does spike failure cause sprint failure in Scrum?
Conflict in team over Scrum vs Gantt
How much independence should project managers have?
when a software project is behind schedule should we add manpower?
How does a project manager manage and motivate people that don't actually report to the PM?
Is refactoring part of a task in a sprint or a separate task for after the sprint?
Which specific tasks do fall under "Project Support" activity?
Moderating a compromise between Top-Down and Bottom-Up approaches?
Assign client engagement responsibilities to members of each team instead of a single Project Manager?
How to do risk profiling?
How to represent changes on efforts % for a specific resource over different tasks?
Split time recording method for tasks in Project Server
Best way to deal with developers whose work is always unsatisfactory
Linear Programming and PERT charts
How to tell BurnDown chart that resource which finished his work can't do job for another resource
Looking for a simple PM software running on our own intranet server and allows time tracking
Formula for calculating cost over a certain time period
Jira Agile how to specify what branch or version an improvement or story goes in so it's less confusing?
Kanban: A cure for what ails me, or snake oil du jour?
What can I do to mitigate the risk presented by moderately skilled developers?
Why can't there be more than one preceeding relationship between two tasks in a Gantt diagram?
How to manage sprint velocity when someone does both design & development?
should UX decision be approved by PM?
Agile estimation and communication of price to customers
PMs treat UX differently - why?
Would gamification increase employee engagement with time tracking?
Is there an Agile or Scrum method without Iterations / Sprints?
Is a Requirements Traceability Matrix a validation or specification technique?
Whats the best way to 'make' a web developer
Single project, multiple modules -- how to track module burndown in JIRA?
Estimate employee overhead due to interruptions
JIRA Statuses and Assigned users
What's the ideal ratio of roles on an agile team?
What's the practice to include new subtasks in a project chart?
Scrum and Organizational Structure
Is scrumban approach suitable to a small organization management?
Should we include Graphic Team into Scrumban Process?
Are efforts to improve quality an impediment to achieving schedule in Scrum?
How to do a SWOT Analysis
Level Remaining Resource Units
Done column -- use case?
Optimizing the number of ideal days in a sprint
Involving a non participating Stakeholder
When to add tasks to stories and how to estimate tasks?
Do you use the WBS or Project Program to structure tasks in MS Project?
Working with a pool/group of resources
How can we manage multiple projects, as one small scrum team?
Should I remove distraction time from developers' capacity time while giving time estimation?
Can dependencies in a critical path method be determined accurately?
Does planning complexity increase as the project proceeds?
Team member asks the same information across the team
Quality and Risk
Which common file naming schemes are available for project management?
Techniques on showing management how much effort it takes for quality software development?
What is the best book/guide to help explain how to manage projects by risk?
How to estimate employee resources?
Constantly under-estimating user stories
How to plan recurring meetings in scrum
How useful can a Project Manager be?
What is a good book for Project Management of Software for non-programmer individuals?
Communicating non-viability of project
What to do when the same project needs to generate two specific products - and product build is not aligned?
Is retrospective a good place check the status previous retrospective action items?
How to capture and document sprint retrospective results
Using Trello to 'iterate' / give feedback on tasks that are marked as staged or done
Tips and steps need to follow to setup successful continuous integration environment
Project manager roles and planning
What are the best ways to specify project deliverables to non technical persons
Encouraging lean practices in a agile/scrum team
How can I integrate information from a waterfall customer into an agile project?
How can the economic efficiency of a scrum team be measured?
Preventing "functional redundancy" in large organizations: Where are the discussions?
What should be the role of Project Scientist in the team?
Does Managing Science Research Projects Count as PMP Project Experience?
Changing default working hours from 8 hr/day to 4 hr/day in Microsoft project 2013?
What are some good definitions for High, Medium and Low priorities?
PMP/PMI and other similar classes
Is there any of Special way of showing Tentative Tasks in a Gantt graph using Project Libre?
When do you integrate Acceptance Testing into a scrum process?
Why not use costs instead of story points for estimation?
Using Trello to manage workload across multiple projects
How to factor in story points/tasks for non sprint related items?
How to design and organize a project?
Which study guide is recommended for CAPM Certification?
User Stories in JIRA for a project that covers several platforms
How calculate profit margin of a IT project?
What is the difference between "New feature" and "New development"?
What is the process for deciding WIP limits for each column in a team's kanban board?
How can I get my team to use our tools and follow a (any) workflow
What kind of peripheral information do you put on a Kanban board?
How to reuse done user stories without rewriting/duplicating them
Handling a team member gone rogue?
How to achieve knowledge transfer without affecting productivity (too much)
How to work with different project management methods/tools in one org? Applying "Agile" in ops type work
Is it ok to try do a project "Agile" style before attending a formal Agile training?
Work break down
argumentative team members
How to keep momentum moving in the absence of critical requirements?
Calculating and tracking benefits post delivery
Manage Fuel usage for a project in Microsoft Project
Is it a conflict of interest for a developer to also be Scrum Master
How can we be doing "Agile" development if our manager constantly sets our priorities?
Does an organisation have to satisfy all key process areas to achieve a maturity level in CMMI?
Estimating user stories at the start of the project so that the PM can determine a quote for the client
How to get a good overview of team member utilization across multiple projects in TFS 2013
Agile resources for very short projects?
How to change duration without changing the work hours?
How to prepare for the Prince2 Practitioner exam
What are the key Agile points to be considered in a small startup company, with a team of 5-6 people
Assumptions and Constraints and Risk Management
Is having a high school diploma a requirement to taking the PPM exam?
How can I fairly allocate payment among a group of developers
creating a process that works "without team members' realizing" makes a manager good or bad?
How to determine the business value of a new product functionality?
What are the minimum requirements for a project?
Lean software development VS Lean Startup. Is it the same? Differences?
Calculating Team's productivity
Use lean project management in a multi-project/support environment
Green light presentation for a project
Expectations - In a start-up, what happens when the project is finished?
How do I advise someone creating a programming language and user/developer community?
Vision vs Requirements vs Design vs Specification
Similarities / Differences between BPM and software projects
Free management software that is useful for beginners
How to resolve "Circular dependency" in Microsoft Project
How do you evaluate a Project Manager's communications skills?
Is it correct to split user stories by user types?
Requirements Tracking in Jira for "Preliminary Project Assessment"
How much overhead for code-review , test driven development , refactoring
Can Quality be an adjustable constraint of an agile process?
Career Progression from Product Owner
In JIRA, is it possible to have items show up in a project backlog but not show up in a sprint's column?
How to define clear processes for different projects?
In JIRA, how can I show certain columns to specific users?
Re-Estimating a story's points midway through a timebox
How is sprint backlog prioritized?
How to deal with the current corporate food-chain going in the way when adopting Scrum?
User story contains a design task that generates other tasks
In a programming project, how to ensure the project reliability when going up-level on the WBS?
Is there room for good/tested design in "Agile" setting?
Communication Management: Booking meetings in advance via email
Scrum and Project planning for a price quote
How to save Gantt and PERT as a GIF image?
Help of the QA in the sprint first days of a sprint
Estimating the resource usage breakdown of a project at initial proposal time?
How to form scrum teams
Allow resources to pick assignments on a day to day basis?
PMP Certification - Mock exam and Practice questions - Can any one answer this question?
Do user stories which start with "As a product owner I want ..." make sense?
Can the product owner remove user stories?
Adding new tasks to the current baseline
What does (Normal time-Crash time=0) implies?
What are the minimum number of documents required for a project to adhere to PRINCE2
How to ask for more time if project misses a milestone and will be delayed?
Let MS Project adjust previous dependent tasks' schedule based on last task's due date
Interview question on "convince your programmers to work that hard"
Product Owner role in Scrum
Story Point Estimation
When can a project's wrong estimates be justified?
linked tools together without micro managing?
What's the Title for the Person Who Runs a PMO Office?
Bug fixing in Scrum, at the end of the project
Creating a user story for a back-end process
Small firm with 4 developers and 2 project managers in need of some guidance for project workflow
How to deal with a team of Cowboy coders?
Is it more effective to deliver the most important point first or last in a meeting?
How can I determine a project end date when PBIs are not estimated?
How to estimate time required and deadlines for creative and problem-solving tasks?
Is planning part of the sprint in Scrum?
Is there any published research about story points vs time estimation?
Support for Resource Overview in Omniplan
Filling PMP Application as Consultant - Project Role and Organization Details
How to determine which project is best suited to Scrum
RUP document templates
Should Project Management be its own department?
How to manage monthly customer activities?
Green as grass: PRINCE2 or Agile?
Handling resources who do not have 100% availability in MS Project 2003
MS Project Elapsed Day Task Ends on Weekend
Working with a "single point of contact"
Product Backlog for Entire Department?
Change default Task Type to 'Fixed Work' in Microsoft Project 2013
On an IT project, how to manage and publicize (development and testing) environment usages?
Working with a Shared Resource Pool and project plan revisions
Communication Among Teams
User story conversation vs. scope creep
How to combine continuous delivery cycle with iterations?
How to divide work unevenly between resources in MS Project
Setting up priorities for the team of developers
Methodology to Predict Future Workload
Scrum Sprint Review without the stakeholders
Why use hybrid Scrum and XP?
When developing the same app for multiple platforms how do you keep the implementation aligned
How can I convert existing tasks and subtasks to subprojects in Project 2010
How to track impact on planning due to scope changes?
lead and lag times
Project manager in scrum and communicating with the customer
Are some stories implicit in agile elaboration
Non-viability of a project
When (if at all) is it okay to break the WIP limit?
Can an inexperienced person be a project manager?
Does Scaled Agile Framework really help to scale agile in bigger organizations?
S Curves, Comparing where you should be and where you are
MS-Project 2010: Task end-date seems to be calcuated incorrectly
What should be the PMO's role in a Scrum Environment?
How much Java should a Web Design team member know?
Are you more efficient leading you project virtually or in person?
Is there guidance for Agile Refactoring within a large Waterfall Project?
How to encourage coworkers to engage in knowlege-transfer?
Advice for a Non-Technical Newbie Scrum Master
Having problems within development team re approach
What are the disadvantages of the Scrum Master being the hierarchical superior in the company?
Best way to evaluate software engineers' performance?
REP training - 35 hours expiry
When does a junior PM become a senior PM?
Calculating a running sum of subtask cost amounts
Awarding responsibilities in a small, but multi-leveled company
Whats the definition and name of the "No development methodology"
Who decides to add new feature in any project or not and what factors are taken into consideration?
Minimum PM documents for a small IT company
Who should decide about changes in the process - Scrum Master or the whole Scrum Team?
How to approach a project naming activity for Junior Prom?
How do I improve the development process at our small startup?
In JIRA, when I moved issues from one project to another, they don't show up in Agile view, but show up in project view
How does one integrate reward systems at an individual level into an Agile landscape, without damaging team cohesion?
MS-Project: any ideas on how to approach defining a MINIMUM work assignment per day for resources?
How to track and manage tooling issues?
Scrum Sprint Length Study?
Would Scrum & Kanban work for a small organisation with several "projects"
How to properly handle a team mate who rambles during daily standup and other meetings?
What are the benefits of estimating hours during the task breakdown?
'Promoted' to Release Manager - Now What?
Project Manager - Writing Project Specification
How Test Driven Development can pretend to be Agile?
Can a Scrum Master be the Product Owner in Scrum?
Sprint Interference chart and Capacity
How to write a multi-point requirement for a requirements document?
Big Bang vs Phased Implementation - Impact on Time and Cost
Planned work until date in MS Project 2007
Is Kanban considered an agile methodology?
Can you Gate each Agile Sprint to provide comfort to Stakeholders in Waterfall?
Estimate hours of work for every user story
How can I calculate required project resources with less manual computation?
Should a Statement of Work (SOW) include "coding style" under the Client Obligations section?
Does a Product Owner submit to Change Control before re-grooming Product Backlog?
Avoid employees from stealing source code on a project
How can we stop developers from working on stories that are not planned into the current sprint?
What to do when someone says "that is not an acceptable solution"?
Microsoft Project, total resource usage by group
Agile Development and when to deliver
How should we assess "Build vs. Buy" for an ERP System?
How to configure resources that work different max hours per day
How to communicate a delay to a client when team member is ill?
How do you ensure code quality when having a weaker programmer on your project?
Company business titles for its founders
How much code documentation should an effective Scrum Team produce?
Meaningful capacity planning for part-time, small-team projects
MS-Project 2010 - How to add Task Name to the Quick Access ribbon?
Resource planning within large project
How to get developers to take more initiative and ownership and think through problems before escalating?
Using MS Project 2007 for Manufacturing Build Time
How to deal as PM for a technical-only refactoring project
Real world differences between Portfolio and Program
Best practices for managing eShop eCommerce?
What's the best way of writing user stories about "improve this metric" if I'm not sure how much improvement is possible?
UI in scrum - what's the silver bullet?
Aligning story points' value
Is it correct to define oneself as Project Manager even without dealing with all Project Constraints?
What is the definition of "development model"?
Is there any difference between "method" and "methodology" terms?
How can we adopt Kanban to our workflow?
Scheduling not calculating properly
Estimation Quote on realism vs optimism - does it exist?
What do to when there's a discrepancy between what the team produces and what the management expects?
What to do with ill-defined stories?
What do you mean by inspect relationships during sprint retrospective
Should I disclose technical constraints and details to the client?
Scheduling teams to complete a percentage of work
Dealing with stories/functionality that will spread across the entire lifetime of the project
Tasks on my Project do not print
What are the primary differences when promoted to a Programme Support role out of a Project Support role?
Gaps in resource scheduled time
Process for tracking work external to the team?
Ensure direction of project is kept after opening source
Roles mapping between Scrum and XP methodologies
What to do with epic technical stories?
Is Defect density a valid technique at all?
Daily stand-up with multiple Scrum teams
Mechanism in JIRA to signify issues/tickets that are stalled
Should a Product Owner be asking developers to do QA to meet deadlines?
Does it make sense to reopen closed User Stories in a Scrum project
How do I elicit measurable business objectives in the real world?
Interview question for an Iteration Manager position
Where does a project manager fit in a business unit's organization chart?
Burndown chart show as a red horizontal line even after spent time is updated
How to articulate ROI for "strategic" project?
Getting support for a software system rewrite?
How do I manage/oversee multiple agile teams around the world?
Schedule Logic, Use of Leads and Lags
Is reporting project progress in % to supervisors acceptable?
MS Project 2013 Reports: ACWP in Timephased Line Chart does not match ACWP in Column Chart or Table
Product owner for SaaS app
Does the quality of a Certified ScrumMaster (CSM) training course vary from vendor to vendor?
Predicting software errors
How often should a development team review code quality metrics so that we keep reasonable control over technical debt and code quality
Where can I find the PRINCE2 study material?
Calculation of increased process efficiency
Should requirements collection be included in the Work Breakdown Structure?
Advice on becoming a Project Manager in IT
Why are estimates treated like deadlines?
What does MOS and RA stand for in IT project?
How do I interpret the results of the PMP exam to do better next time?
What's the best way to manage business tasks alongside technical tasks?
In kanban, what did you do when there's a temporary delay on some card?
Defining Story Independent Tasks in Scrum
TFS KanBan, How do you view total work done?
How to manage a project when not every member is proficient in a common language?
Master Project with Subprojects - need to share master but without the subprojects included
How can I modify the Upland PowerSteering templates for Iterative/Agile Management?
Managing a project with the Boss/Owner as a Development Team Member
Best practices for robust enterprise level software development (using python Django)
How would you implement scrumban to large team performing concurrent multiple R&D projects
Splitting PM responsibility between technical lead and non-technical PM on an agile project?
How to plan ahead your resource growth?
Duration of Recurring Tasks in MS Project
How to structure our organization and define agile teams in a multiple concurrent projects context?
PERT adjust most likely time with probability and duration time
Development team budget for training and social activities
Finding the minimum number of functional teams needed to do repetitive tasks
In Jira where to login hours for tasks that is not part of sprint
What are reasons against cross-functional teams?
Purchase a physical scrumboard?
Which guidelines are applicable for a single Scrum Team managing multiple backlogs?
What is the recommended practice for adding and organizing technical debt for a project?
How to use Jira to indicate blockers in a Kanban system?
In Kanban, what should we do about an urgent task?
How to reschedule activities after entering actuals in MS Project 2010
High Level Budget for Project Charter
What is the best way to include a "refund money" clause in a project agreement?
What can we do with a "mispointed" story in Scrum?
Documents to create prior to Kick-off Meeting
In Scrum, what is an impediment?
How can we apply Agile to a consulting firm
What are the benefits of hiring a ScrumMaster?
Reduce Scope or Kill the Project?
How do you deal with client-related hold-ups in Scrum?
Is the a Product Owner the business/functional analyst in Scrum?
Summary task in MS Project displaying as task on Gantt chart
Does Scrum fit PMBOK knowledge areas?
Test capacity prohibiting stretch goals
Reviewing a difficult project
How can I prove on paper that we need more resources for our team?
What is the best process to model planning estimates?
Activity-on-arrow (AoA) diagram review
What can we do without a clear Product Owner or stakeholder on the client's side?
Acquiring knowledge story and splitting to tasks
How should you handle a risk when the only mitigation or contingency you can come up with is not on your hands?
How to handle poor delivery from an Outsourced relationship?
How do handle adhoc work during a sprint from pressing customers
How can I motivate/manage developers who only use email to communicate?
Why management is more concerned of JIRA hours than of following Scrum values?
MS Project: Percentage of elapsed work time of project
Create resource dependencies in MS project 2010
Running a sprint from Wednesday till Wednesday
What's a good way for a Scrum team to handle budgets and work with other departments?
Can you add constraints to a split task in ms projects?
What is the way to go to create tasks?
MS project. Shared tasks
Mid Sprint Demo
ms project shorten summary tasks
How to Add an "Percent Tasks Complete" Column with Rollup to Summary Task (MS Project 2010)
Project Scope in Project Charter Vs 'Project Plan'
How to use Agile in a small web agency managing a lot of different projects?
How to make realistic long term time estimations when adopting Agile methodology?
In Jira is it possible to have a gantt chart (or calendar view or similar) derived from your agile board?
How to display Time Tracking fields in Issue Detail View using Kanban Board in Jira?
What indicates a good Project Manager?
Actual Start Date in MS Project
How can I handle disengaged and unmotivated employees on my Scrum team?
How to deal with conflicting developers in Scrum team?
how do you deal with a team member who isn't sharing information and disturbing a lot with several questions
Seeking professional advice on choosing/evaluating of an IT-contractor
Should defect criticality change based on user needs?
Can we use only one Scrum board for a team with multiple projects?
WBS (work breakdown structure) vs SRS (software requirements specification document)
breaking down WBS in a project plan into activities
1 team practicing kanban with multiple projects
In agile projects, who is assigned to do the testing?
Adding requirements gathering to the project plan - time phased budget baseline (PMB)
How should I schedule around a resource that may be unavailable for up to 5 months a year?
assigning multiple resources to a single task in MS project - is that right?
Scrum team is dependent on other team's work
How do we deal with bugs in scrum environment
When should I start planning for the next version?
How can we continuously integrate new features when the PO only determines whether a feature is "done" at the end of each Sprint?
What is the correct name for terminating a project before it's complete?
Should I include the developers in the official email communication with clients?
Can we say that a Sprint and a source code branch are almost the same things?
Is it OK for the scrum master to be remote?
Defining user story in Scrum: how specific must they be?
delay in schedule as KPI?
Metrics for changing a process
When to consider multiple PBIs when determining the HOW?
Push all dates back by 7 days in a project (project 2013)
How to handle a slow developer?
How to synchronize an agile software team with a waterfall hardware team?
Open e-mail (everyone can see everyone else's received and sent messages)
How to get a dev team to use TDD and CI?
MSProject: How to set up different resource availability for different workdays?
Is deciphering a book a project?
In Asana is there a way to associate completed tasks with a release version?
Assessing Risks in Project Management (Microsoft Project)
From user stories to product, where and when to do graphic design?
How do you calculate extra costs incurred if a project overruns its schedule?
How to atone for Fixed costs within MS Project which are based on duration?
What does a "Contingency" Plan involve?
Important Concepts In Project Management
Turnover rate in a project
What is "Lead Time"?
Is my "Personal Contact Information" theme broken down properly?
What is the value of tracking hours in a Sprint burn-down chart?
Which would be the best agile approach in order to manage a Process Department?
Meetings in agile project
Duration and work of additional resources in MS Project
Committing the Product Owner to a sprint backlog with a contract
Best strategies for dealing with integration testing bottlenecks?
What solutions exist for ensuring Sprint continuity over holiday or extremely turbulent periods?
What is a "Product Backlog Delta report" in Scrum?
Product Specification for Scrum teams
Is a zigzag, sawtooth velocity a problem if the trend is consistent?
I have to plan a launch up against a fixed launch date - how can Project help me understand the LASTEST time I can start on processes
How can Critical Chain scheduling be undertaken with Microsoft Project 2010?
Status Field and Microsoft Project
Is there a document management system or process that keeps track of child/forked documents?
What to do with the Sprint backlog tasks that we have decided are not needed any more
Edit the wbs column in microsoft project / import wbs + indent tasks
Capacity planning creating confusion when the team is estimating in Story points
Pair Programming bad case?
Finding a decent Development Team
Outsourcing company: Usage of velocity for offers
Is there a theory of management that supports backward/reverse planning?
Should managers be involved in decisions about what technical practices the team adopts?
Who is reponsible when the team doesn't implement the Scrum Master's ideas for continuous improvement?
System for high level project status
How do I pitch and back up the concept of pointing to my team?
Agile. Release planning. Why do I need stories instead of themes/epics
Kurt Lewin's 3 stage change process: which stage has the most resistance?
Breaking Down a Code Review of a Prototype
How to allocate resources across projects with equal priority
An offer for project with source code
What SOPs are best suited for projectized teams in order to seek customer satisfaction and delivery in software quality?
Gamification, competition, fun and jokes in the daily scrum
Is it necessary to address all three questions every day in the Scrum?
Finish variance in Hours
Work statistics report for resources
Risk management concepts definitions
Inactive resources
When a resource is over allocated why does the "extend duration of task" option sometimes not appear?
Conflict with Programme Manager
Do you include testing in the original estimate?
Are there any respected Kanban certifications?
How do I convince my team to reduce sprint duration from three weeks to two weeks?
Giving PMs a view of developer resource
Team consistently exceeding their WIP limit
Cloud-Based Time Tracking Software
What do you do next after creating an SRS?
What level of analysis should the development team expect before being asked to estimate and develop a story?
MS Project Predecessor Path in Gantt Chart
Assessing the effectiveness of a development team
How to make user stories independent in multi-discipline teams
How to improve a Scrum-Team with a Product Owner who lacks authority
How to repay technical debt still delivering features?
Can Pivotal Tracker prevent anyone other than Product Owner from moving stories from the Icebox to the Backlog?
What practices would allow an Agile team to work effectively when every developer is allowed to gather requirements from the business customers?
Software development process for a product like MS-Office
Who determines task dependency?
Documenting diversions or delays from a schedule?
Dependency graph vs. Work-Breakdown-Structure
Is it possible to do project budgeting within TFS?
Task dates and project end date changes when adding a percent complete or changing resources
Project Sign-off / UAT completion takes very long
Project Management in bad times - demoralized people and loss of power
Parallel/branched releases in TFS
What is the process of schedule management with clients who aren't very responsive?
Scrum Alliance or Scrum.org?
Communicating change impact to clients
What is the 'life-cycle' of an issue or exception report
Are Gantt Charts useful for single-person projects?
What is the difference between ITIL and Scrum certifications?
After running visual report from Project 2010, why can't I modify the pivot table data?
Misunderstandings about Collective Ownership in an Agile environment
Dealing with Severe Client Delay
Is it ok to define a user story that has no real business value without another story?
Finding out individual resource planned hours from MPP
How can I change the estimated dates value in MS Project 2010 without affecting plan dates?
Should Scrum meetings be held in one day or two days?
Risk and Opportunity definitions
Using MS Project to represent software license expiration as a resource that stops on a certain date
Resource time not allocating correctly in Project 2013
Determining Use Cases from Statement
Does the exception report ever change, say after the project board has review it
Are there (IEEE) standards for project management
Scrum uneven distribution of work hidden in a unified effort
Relationship between Duration and Work fields in MPP
Force recalculation of Work field
Should Daily Scrum meetings be held in the morning or the afternoon?
How to use Scrum with TFS and also MIcrosoft Project
Who should be in charge of a UI design contracting?
How to arrange tasks around a fixed milestone?
How formal is the sprint planning?
MS Project Professional 2013 Email Notifications
Plan several sprints at once
How to best conduct and document agile retrospective meetings?
Difference between Project Phase and Sub Project (PMBOK)
Assigning Story Points to issues that aren't stories
What should be the primary considerations when logging lessons learned for a Project?
Is it feasible for a project manager to work reduced schedule for a a few months?
Example epics and themes for website project
How do you work around a production team that is distracted by support tickets and micro projects?
User stories - difficult to decide actor
How to record client requirements?
How to write measurable acceptance criteria to stories without a measurable goal?
Epic Feature User Story Tasks Hierarchy in Jira
How picky should I get with a team member's quality of work?
Any tips on how to 'sell' the necessity of dealing with technical debt to nontechnical stakeholders?
Visiting daily scrums - dos and don'ts
Dealing with inherited development team
How much detail should the solution design have in Foundations in DSDM?
How to measure performance of several scrum teams against each other?
How to measure the amount of existing technical debt, to track the progress?
Trigger Criteria to Change a Release Candidate
Microsoft Project 2013: Adding due date and coming-due indicators
Best reply to project manager's failed humour
Any books of running large (100+) development teams?
Hybrid Software Development Methodology
Recode or Recycle?
Bi-weekly Task Reporting
Satisfying an external auditor when using Agile
Planning solo projects when you are the client
How can I improve the following email template?
Schedule entire project based on a 5 hr work day
Standard document to record decisions? (PMBOK)
What are the minimum viable Agile practices for a startup team of 2 people?
Backwards critical path for secondary task path?
Software to track projects measured in hours and minutes
A team have requested in a retrospective they want more waterfall and a Project Manager; how to proceed?
Setting Up Infrastructure for Managing a Distributed team
Burndown chart which is based on due dates instead of work remaining?
Comprehensive single requirement docs vs. multiple atomic ones
Appropriate use of 'Supporting Experts' as descriptor for people 'familiar with subject matter'
Manage parallel work efforts in Microsoft TFS
Who bears the cost of bug fixing in an Agile project?
Cost estimate template or examples for software development
How to implement knowledge management within project teams?
Do multiple levels of epics make sense?
How to use Custom Task Field value in Custom Resource Field Formula?
How to get resource usage report within tasks at specific level&
What is the difference between requirement and scope?
Is this a standard/typical/best practice way to display information on a business value - risk diagram?
Assign a resource to a task a some time point in the future
Does the "Plan Scope Management Process" contain many sub-processes?
How to add milestone in MS Project server 2013?
How to add recurring task in MS Project server 2013?
How to lead new or inexperienced developers in my project?
MS-Project - How to set 1 resource with 2 kind of work and monitor time/rate for each
Auto schedule problem with MS Project 2010
Managing small + large tasks on a big website with Scrum
MS Project - How to print the right Gantt diagram from custom view?
Microsoft Project: activity for weekends
Splitting stories to keep Development and QA at 100% utilization at all times
Scrum team committments
Can we implement Scrum with activeCollab?
How can I manage a rapidly changing copy deck with a fixed deadline?
Who is responsible for structuring teams in Scrum?
How to document all tasks required in a project?
Microsoft Project Task to Start and Finish on the Same Day?
What does "Architectural Spike" mean?
Scrum development team doubts
What we should do with tasks which estimated time bigger than sprint?
What we should do, if after planning we still have some free time in Sprint (i.e. unused forecasted capacity) and no tasks that will fit in it
Using TFS 2013 for Portfolio Management
When do you determine whether project will use sequential phase-to-phase manner or as a overlapping phase manner for project management?
Underlying algorithms to restimate the remaining tasks based on previous estimated and actual time realised for completion?
MS Project 2013 - How to schedule a 6 hr work week maximum
How can I measure the performance of different teams in different departments?
How to calculate Critical Path including Std Dev for each activity estimate?
Should RACI matrix contain "Work estimation" activity?
Planning in MS Project: fixed work AND fixed duration
time management
MS Project - Duration without a start and finish date
What is a good plan for a retrospective to show its purpose?
Separation of cost from percentage complete?
Do people use sticky notes for release planning still?
Should we put internal team tasks into Product Backlog?
What Scrum Master should do to prevent out of time constraints (time-boxes) of events?
MS Project - Resource assignment priorities
What should Scrum Master do if Scrum Team hasn't reached an event goal after time-box expires?
Applying conditional formatting on task status!
Planning a quick retrospective
Summary task shows wrong total duration
Which role among these are suitable for "Administrator" in Agile Software Development Projects?
MS Project: Show annual project cost
Is it bad, if events took much less time than Scrum Guide prescribes?
What should the title of this PM position be?
Are win-win situations/negotiations always fair?
Should story points be strictly relative?
Timestamp fields for <initial creation> and <last update> of a task
Microsoft Project for Agile software development?
Resource Availability, Max Units - Relationship between settings
Can one developer be included to several Development Teams at the same time?
Objectives and release train philosophy
Who tests what criteria for epics?
Scrum on maintenance. Is it possible?
How are items with dependencies to other items handled in Kanban?
Question about documenting project hours on PMP application
MS Project: Multiple tasks for one employee
How to estimate effort when the story involves a large number of repeat processes?
How to deal with unclear requirements?
Within JIRA, how can I detail project deviations with a wiki style field after creation
How do I deal with a potentially difficult client on a web project?
Disadvantages of agile approach
Global calendars in MS-Project?
Right certification path for a professional more focused on requirements and deliverables rather than timelines?
Teaching and Support experience for PMP
Authority distribution at double subordination in matrix organization
Where should employees be located in matrix organization?
What are differences between Project Manager, Project Expeditor and Project Coordinator?
% Complete confusion in MS Project 2007
Who plans the items for an iteration/sprint?
Should I remove a User Story from a Sprint in progress if I know we can't complete it?
How to send email notification when assigning task to resources in project server 2013 web app?
BA: What to do if business problems don't seem to exist
Project 2013 custom cost field, project time-phased
How to transition from programmer to project manager?
How do the following QA, Business Analyst, Developer and lead or architect fit in scrum
How does one bridge the gap in producing deliverables between operations and projects?
What artifacts should be created during the lifecycle of a project?
Time taken for a project versus time objective
How auto share resource for multiple tasks in MS Project
Adding estimation points for learning / context switching
What does person-month mean in development time?
Failed to finish project in time, now threatened with UK court
Atlassian Jira Dashboard - List Of Users' Most Recent Work Log Record
How do I get Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 to display a burndown of individual epics?
MS Project Overallocation
Number of communication channels in Chief-Programmer model
Manufacturing Process Validation - Sample size calculation
Vocabulary used in drawing activity diagrams
Program/portfolio management for the customer
(Calculation EMV) What is the business purpose of product value calculated by multiplying the probability of an event by the cost of the impact?
Shared backend resources for two mobile SCRUM teams, iOS and Android
Mobile apps: integrate backend work in velocity?
Can a Scrum Master give feedback to a team member reporting to another manager?
Mobile apps: should shared backend resources between iOS and Android have their own backlog and be considered as a separate team?
Agile Project Management with iOS, Android, and Server Components
Should the ideal line in a burndown chart be changed when story scope changes during the Sprint?
How many minutes an employee worked?
Definition of Done or How to really finish tasks?
What does it mean that a Sprint Goal can be any other coherence?
Best Approach to Get People to Put all Require Information in a single ticket?
Can I filter to only related tasks in MS Project?
EVM in Research and Technology
Multiple project tracking
Which strategies I can use to handle tickets during a scrum sprint?
In MS Project 2010, how to avoid a task of being split by non working time?
Constraints vs Lag time
Non-measurable works should be done in scrum process?
Is this approach 'agile'? Separating use-cases into sprints/iterations
Task count for completed tasks
What are the definitions and differences between: Theme, Epic, Feature, User Story and Task?
Why are UML diagrams not as freely available as open source libraries?
What is the correct way to handle delays caused by technical issues?
Assign verification person on Jira Board
Going from requirements to use cases and how to know if my document is good enough
Retiring from Military in 2020 - PMP ? Career Growth?
How to get User who moved Ticket?
How to track team's time utilization using tfs
Should the complexity estimate of a task change in scrum?
How to organize a software development team so 20 people are on two scrum teams?
How to insert a new assignment in the Resource Usage view or Task Usage view in MS Project
Project tracker with easiest learning curve
Agile "Open Source" Content Creation framework
How can I divide a web development project among a team?
Determining suitability of tools vs. requirements
Advice for Scaling a Web Development Agency
how to calculate sprint capacity?
Agile for Web Development
What does "customer experience development" mean?
Delegation Poker with more than two interested parties
Managing your dissertation
An Epic within an Epic
metrics for bug fixing / learning legacy system
Quality processes for Agile Scrum projects
In Jira, can I form a query to give me all tickets I touched yesterday
Can a website content writer, support, and marketer be a part of a scrum team?
Everyone wants to talk, but no one listens
May I not use the users stories in Scrum?
( PMBOK 5th Edition ) What is difference between Quality Audit and Process Analysis?
Where should we start in trying to improve our automative design team for next season?
What are defintions of Work Performance Data, Work Performance Information & Work Performance Reports, and their differences?
How to handle access to resources on a Scrum team which was previously a hierarchical team?
How should I create a process for front end testing?
What are alternative agile applications?
What is a good total size for a Product Backlog?
How does the Agile mindset contribute to a High Performing Team?
Documenting business & technical decisions, changes, updates and so on
Cumulative Flow
MS Project 2007 Start End Date Mismatch
Batch ticket modification on Phabricator
How do we deal with a website vendor plugin Integration when we're using Scrum?
How to quickly see parent tasks in MS Project
Do project managers use RAID Logs?
What is a good git workflow that involves QA/Testing?
How wise is sitting for PMP exam in changing year?
Benefits of getting CAPM before PMP
Correct task dependency if Item A is required within 5 months of starting Task B
How can you increase the chances of having good PM candidates from within the technical areas of the company?
how to balance the time between doing cousulting project for PHD advisor and doing my own company
How to use Story Points, if User Stories are completely different?
How can I manage a project timeline when events and milestone dates change very often?
Employees, training, domain knowledge, and the big picture
Last day of a sprint in burndown chart in TFS2013
Critical Path in agile project
First time scrummaster - need to create product backlog and set up work
How to automatically track time spent on tasks
How would we manage a project that involves replacing Cobol with Java?
Manager 2.0 and Scrum: How can I fix the problem where multiple managers are responsible for different scrum team components?
Method for assessing risk in a release
Resource Allocation in MS Project
How to prevent deliberate long estimation?
How is XP/ Continuous Integration different from DevOps?
How to manage remote developers?
How to set and mantain a risk checklist for a set of software development projects in a medium-sized company?
Agile in enterprise: How to represent the requirements of non-business stakeholders?
Techniques to calculate the cost of change in software engineering
Kanban in Jira - Limit number of tasks in column
What are the first steps (if any) to implement an effective kata for project management?
Making burndown chart with 4 sprint
Budgeting in an agile project
Ideas needed on expanding Jira DB to include multiple target platforms
How to track Code Review Effectiveness of team members
Security Requirements and User Stories
Sizing a potential project rapidly without formal estimation
Which adages/laws have a direct relevance to the field of Project Management
Issue with task scheduling and ordering
Applying agile in a mostly operations/support environment
Is formal tasking required on a Scrum Team
Who should be responsible for dividing Scrum teams?
No / Late Checkpoint reports
How to estimate a project without understanding the network path?
Actual Start Date Field Behavior
No Checkpoint Reports
User Stories structure for architectural requirenments
Disabling "Duration" Calculations
PMP Experience Verification
Kanban for web agency
Redmine or GitLab: Which is more suitable for serious Project Management
MS Project VBA coding to include expiration date
Scrum Project Management Methodology strategy for working towards a fixed deadline
What is a "Driving Milestone"?
How do I allocate licence time as a limited resource in MS project?
Agile Best Practice for External Blocking Issue
How to finish FP project when change requests are not finishing
What would you call a 'static' project, i.e. one without goals
What's the relationship between SLDC and methodologies like XP, RAD, Scrum, etc.?
How shall we deal with demotivation from non-core activities?
Managing Internal projects as if the manager was a client. Does this method have a name?
How to use MS Project to plan Bachelor degree modules
Planning backwards in MS Project
How to convince upper management of the need for agile software?
Can Scrum be effectively applied to a PhD research project?
Helping leadership keep up with quickly moving projects
Are there any Project Mangement Training classes that include the PMP certification?
Should story points be estimated according to team or assignee's abilities?
Should sprint backlog have MoSCoW prioritization applied?
How to deal with non agile teams
Best approach to become a scrum master?
What is the quarterly report called after fourth quarter?
Is it okay to have a sprint where the team commits to zero story points?
When all "Must Have" (re: MoSCoW) stories have been completed, should the Scrum Master ask the Product Owner if the project is over after each sprint?
What is the difference between facilitating a retrospective and leading one?
How do I facilitate a first time Agile retrospective?
When are Gantt diagrams NOT useful?
Failed forecast: poor estimation or bad productivity?
Examples of design by committee?
How to export a configuration of MS Project 2013 so that I can import it in another file ?
SRS for an Agile project
How can we mitigate uncertainty about project estimation in the initial phase?
tracking and progress in a Kanban
How do I get started with Kanban? I have a backlog full of user stories
How to filter the tasks that have a non-estimated duration?
Microsoft Project 2013 Custom Report Not Respecting Task Filter
Can I have a double task on the same line in MS Project?
Is dedicated product owner mandatory for a agile scrum team?
How to draw a graph with X-axis group by and Y-axis a Customized field using MS Project?
When I split a task, where can I find the dates related to the cut?
Why use both story points and hours?
How do I manage resources with non-standard hours in MS-project?
How to start developing project management tool?
Scrum master certification from other authorities than Scrum Alliance?
What problems can be diagnosed from a Scrum Cumulative Flow Burnup?
Enhance Participation
Temporarily adding external freelance developers to an existing developer team (aka. Hybrid Team). Pros and Cons?
When it is time to do poker planning - during Story Time or during Sprint Planning
Automating processes within your organization?
How to visualize changing priorities between different projects so each group of stakeholders could see the relative importance of "their" own?
Counting PMP experience part time on multiple projects
ScrumBut. Does this term have any negative connotations?
Tasks of a PM in a Software project?
What formula should I use to calculate a target date in google docs, based on total man-days, if the size of team will change during development?
How shall developers clarify PBI during its implementation?
Displaying a resource's tasks across multiple subprojects
How to draw stacked column chart with custom text fields?
Should a burndown chart be based on stories or tasks completed?
How can you estimate workload for scrum when you have 4 disciplines in one team
Team productivity vs team size
Is it possible to sort tasks by the order of a Custom attributes of a Custom Field?
Can you add a person to watch a JIRA issue?
Automatic Dependency Generator
Fast start guide for ScrumMaster
Time estimation and deadlines
What is lead time?
Story Points mean effort but not time?
What are effective techniques for conducting retrospectives for a geographically-distributed team?
Project start date calculation in a Finish to Finish dependency scenario
Why the Auto-scheduled Finish date is Wrong in this case , using MS Project 2013 ?
How to compute the real finish date?
Best way to get data from MS Project to Excel
Export timescale data from MSproject to Excel
Best intro to Jira?
The role of a product team in new product development
How to create custom fields at project level in MS Project
How to keep track of all the goals of a large project?
Project Managing Upwards
Story point on team with separate technologies
How to manage Software projects with an intermediary?
In scrum should incomplete stories be re-estimated or does the original estimate get burned down when it's finally completed?
How to check for soft skills during recruitement?
How to use 'swim lanes' to assign future feature implementations into releases?
How to manage a situation when one team member doesn't want to participate in retrospectives?
Is it possible to create a JIRA user with DL email and subscribe to filters?
In Scrum, is a Scrum Master position higher than a Product Owner?
What department does a scrum master ideally belong to?
Scheduling a task for the duration of the project
In Agile, can I put multi user stories in one sprint?
Best methods for IT Project Management
#ERROR in User-Defined Field Formula Even After Testing Against ProjDateValue('NA')
Learning Project Management
Is it possible to show the percentage of completed task in the Timeline in MS Project?
How to set none working days in MS Project server 2013 project web app page
How to delete Project server 2013 web app Administrative Time items
How to deal with unavoidable on-demand tasks in Scrum? Or should we even try?
How to properly create story maps? (user stories)
How do I estimate costs for running a finished software project?
How to allocate budget among employees?
Varying Sprint cycle in a project
Function Point value, which is better
Is it possible to forecast when a scrum team will complete the product backlog?
Sprint story point from PM perspective
How can I create a visual timeline of User Stories / Epics from an Excel spreadsheet?
What are the best practices to create UAT pack in Scrum?
How do I organize a team of “shadow" software developers (think ghostwriters)?
Custom Fields with empty Values on MS Project
When does a PM create a RAID log
Should you export data to Excel and Word?
Story breakdown and parent story points
Customer asks for a contract with the price for the whole project, but we are Agile
Sort Not Working in Microsoft Project Custom Report
Applying management to project in continuesly development
How to add special, non-continuous dates to one task?
How to measure customer satisfaction in Scrum?
Survey for Feasibility Study (WFM Tool)
How does a Business Analyst fit in with a Product Manager?
Is there an appropriate intro Scrum book?
Calendar Day Column
What is the relationship and flow between an Enterprise Architecture Practice and the practice of a PMO?
Definition of done for development teams with massively varied tasks
Is an operational risk considered a project risk?
How to calculate Present Value and Net Present Value?
Honor non-working schedule
Unable to scroll (MS Project Professional 2013)
How to estimate story points if team members work on different applications
If risks have been identified in a design document, how are these addressed?
At what point do assumptions become risk?
Is the lack of requirements such as functional and non-functional a risk?
What role does corporate governance play with the practice of a Project Management Office?
What alternatives can I find to Kanban for enterprise applications
Resolving impediments caused by other teams
Task with specific predecessor and weekday - Project 2003
Why does my JIRA report say: "Open issue moved out of board (into an unmapped status)"?
Project Deadlines in an Early State (Scrum Project)
How to track impediments in SCRUM?
reestimating story size after moving back to product backlog
Can one change the datetime an item was added to a sprint?
User Story Mapping and Sprint Prioritization
Guidelines on feature development
What is the difference between a marathon and a sprint?
Daily Stand up Three Question Format a sign of team immaturity?
Is there any place for the Prince 2 Mandate Document 'Quality Expectations' in an agile development?
Which scrum actors should attend a requirements gathering session
Differences in perspectives for various types of documentation
How to handle a part-time kanban team member
Is there a good model for choosing an agile approach?
How to integrate a new QA Engineer in a established dev team
How to track tasks in project and differentiate between duration and percentage of a resources day
PM communication model
Going from project manager to scrum master (career progression)
Hardening Sprint - Manna from Heaven or a Witches Brew?
Setting a sprint goal when the sprint contains multiple products' stories
What project management methods will keep a visionary person on task?
Disallow multitasking in MS Project
How does one present current and future projects with gaps with overlapping timelines?
How to prevent well intended project managers from getting too involved in the details?
Are you allowed to make even small changes in a Waterfall project?
Developer doesn't make deadline
Avoid to kill project without reducing scope
Are there any brainstorming techniques related to requirement gathering sessions or Sprint Reviews that can help produce ideas?
How can I collectively track application inter-dependencies?
Perfectionists in scrum
Should we allocate separate hourly estimates for test tasks in addition to the development tasks
Where to put those cards that are finished during the day in Scrumban?
What are Acceptable SLoC Rates?
What to do when PO is taking over Daily Scrums
Is the Product Owner the Customer?
Handle the same project over multiple platforms in Agile
How can I suppress task type indicators for "The task has a calendar applied to it."
Daily developer "dance scrum" meeting
How many certified project managers in the world?
How do you ensure your code does not get stolen when working with a remote contractor?
Scrum team doesn't want to have standups
How does one manage scope in JIRA?
How can I create custom issue filter equivalent to agile board column?
What is a good method for taking and organizing notes about projects?
Timeline management for one man band getting into outsourcing
In a Kanban or Scrum workflow should tasks/stories move back?
Earned Schedule Values
How can I make unit testing a priority?
How can I reduce the amount of technical high risk work in projects?
How to deal with scheduling/control when task insertion (vs task duration) is primary risk
Who are the stakeholders in this project?
I need help finding a problem to research and solve for HS research project
What is the difference between Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) and Requirement Specification Document?
Are Project Managers redundant in a digital agency?
How do I set up a Jira Kanban board to have queues before the backlog?
How to Introduce A Small Project And Finish It Successfully
How to import Actual Work to MS Project 2013 from CSV
In MS Project can a summary task be a fixed duration and auto scheduled?
Accommodating back-end and front-end tasks in Kanban
Is there a need for project restrictions?
7 Day calendar not calculating correctly in MS Project
First business analysis document for quote
Kanban team engages in technical discussions after daily standup
Why does project management tool don't have restrictions in their projects?
What mechanisms promote continuous improvement on Agile teams?
What are some differences between Scrumban and Kanban?
In project management software, what should happen if the project is unsuccessful?
Customer seems to be too busy to do regular meetings
Agile Jira is being bombarded by issues from QA and testers. Need help and suggestions
Meaningful metric to track and forecast research
Why do Agile practice not exist in scientific research projects and organizations?
Transitioning into Project Management from Network engineer
Difficulties meeting client face-to-face
How to estimate without relying on SMEs to estimate based on similar projects?
Task status tracking
So lost with Resources in MS Project 2013
New to Project Management with a new team on a short deadline
How can I find project charter resources?
How can user stories meet INVEST criteria in design-led development?
Are daily stand ups the same for Kanban and Scrum teams?
Concepts of PM tools
How to find out the appropriate High Level Requirements?
How should we apply MoSCoW prioritization to our project requirements?
Determining the best task average
In kanban, what should we do about routine work in each day?
What is risk mitigation?
New developer has trouble communicating
Characteristics of a real project manager
How to prepare a schedule from Waterfall to Agile in software developement
Is there a way to setup a manual testing hierarchy in Jira that can be used iteratively?
What are developers expected to do during testing in the latter half of each Sprint?
Effort Estimation in Production Support Projects
How do you schedule delivery dates in Scrum?
Estimation of non-estimability project
Test manager too busy to get acceptance criteria written before sprint starts
Agile Project Plan
How can two tasks begin on the same day without a resource-conflict?
Omit tasks from team planner
How should I go about a small team web app development for university course?
What is the purpose of logging work on daily time sheets?
Who is the sponsor?
How to keep my team motivated during hard times?
In TaskJuggler, how to manage multiple projects running in parallel
How should I classifying my daily project activities into tags?
How to communicate technical obstacles?
Assign exactly one of two resources to a task in project plan
Who is responsible for people resourcing in a project?
Does a Project Manager need to be included in all forms of communication?
Estimation given in days and need to plan in Agile
How much automated test coverage should I aim for in an agile project?
Can a single user story be associated with multiple epics?
Should projects always be product-orientated from the start?
Is my sprint break down good enough to start with?
What are the responsibilities in a Scrum of Scrums?
Tracking schedule after setting baseline
Ineffective Backlog Grooming and Sprint Planning
Gantt chart bar style changes on its own
How to create an organised association that is project oriented?
Delays in getting project sign off
Emotional Intelligence vs Conflict Resolution
Is a "business as usual" issue a project issue?
Best way to use agile for 1 day projects
How do I represent multiple instances of a task-list in a WBS?
which model is preferable for handling bugs?
Cost Estimates for agile projects
PM for team of 30-50 people
Team members struggling to thin slice business value - how to help?
How can I make task start date and finish date dependent upon the start & finish dates of one predecessor?
Items which feed critical path activities
Is there a way to use your customized fields in reports created in MS project 2013?
How to lead a project team during a hackathon?
How big should be each story for a person in 3 week sprint?
Alternative name for Developer Acceptance Testing
Is there any good method for managing a team by means of 2 managers?
How to plan for fixed bid during contract time?
How to faciliate a retrospective for a group of Product Owners
How to handle unplanned work in Kanban?
How to start a charity project making use of college students as cram school teachers for orphans in lower levels of education?
How can I perform a comparison between baseline and actual hours worked?
New website or a feature in the current website
how to execute sprint effectively?
what should be part of Sprint 0?
Who can add more cards to the Kanban Backlog
MS Project: Make task delays visible
Is it useful to acquire prince2 certification to improve my PM profile?
Is it possible to be a Scrum Master without any experience?
How can I calculate performance evaluation criteria for a software team?
How to convince my boss to use SCRUM
How to replace a programmer when he is the only one that understands the system?
Network Diagram Duration Problem in time management
When is the best time to create automated test cases?
When Should developer start another story?
Should we write technical stories against business stories where technical stories will have diagrams?
How to manage timelines in sprint effectively?
Best way to manage public/private boards which can share stories?
Keep track of DoD per sprint and per release
Value of an ITIL certification for a developer
Using ms-project from onedrive
Is change management certification valuable?
How can we prevent project professionals from sabotaging the project schedule?
What is a good workflow for hiring freelancers?
MBA or PMP for an engineering graduate?
Consulting and separating internal and external tickets
Who is the stakeholder of an user-driven application and what software methodology is suitable for it?
What is the difference between TDD, BDD and ATDD and related tools?
How should we estimate accessibility testing for a waterfall project?
Network analysis question
Difference between user story and acceptance criteria
What are the pros & cons of taking a PMP practice exam as a "pre-assessment?"
How to handle being ignored by team member/resource
What is the point of a risk with no impact?
Which frameworks can be used with PMBoK?
How do you measure time units in sprint velocity?
How do you cost for an agile ux project?
Do you use fixed sprint length based on continued calendar days or workdays?
What do I do with the excess WIP when starting a conversion to Kanban?
Project constantly running into problems, so how does a PM manage the consistent budget impacts?
Who pays when actuals exceed pessimistic estimates?
1 Hour to 2.5 Long Scrums Every Day - Is this Crazy?
What are the tasks that project manager should NOT do, but delegate instead?
How do I create an accurate burndown chart when my backlog keeps on being updated with new items during sprints?
How often and when should you change WIP limits?
What is the weighting difference between Epic/Story/Task
In resource allocation, how do you call the group of people that will be hired in the future?
Creating 'User Stories' when a developer needs to learn how to use the tech to complete it (Scrum)
IT Consultant engagement in a project
How to assign multiple resources to a in MS Project and making them work different hours over the same duration
Print a MS Project Gantt chart for each resource
How does PRINCE2 map to ITIL? Specifically Product Descriptions vs. Service Design Packages
'Early Start' equals actual start date
Proposal Evaluation Criteria in RFPs
TFS: Projects, Portfolio Management, and Source Code
Scrum Master duties at steady state?
How do I sell Project and Program Management to my customers
What possible issues should we think about when going from one to two scrum teams working on a single project?
All about Spike
Earned Schedule results versus Critical Path and Finish Variance results
Creating a Template in MS Project
Ratio of learning time and working time at work in software development
S-Curve in Cost Management
When should the architecture of an enterprise level project be created in Scrum?
How to manage a schedule across multiple PMs when using a single team for both development & support?
Goal vs. Objective vs. Scope vs. Deliverable
User story mapping - producer/consumer process
Watching an Entire Repo in Jira
Selling agile to stakeHolders hostile to change
How to properly rotate developer roles?
Adding unnumbered task in MS Project 2013
Simplicity--the art of maximizing the amount of work not done--is essential - What does this mean?
Can I collapse tasks in a specific swimlane?
How do I write user stories for Testing tasks?
What is a good process to use for project work and issues?
Retrospective to introduce Kanban
What's the logic behind 8/80 rule
Creating an MS Project task with fixed duration and work, but variable resource loading
How does a project manage defining the requirements needed for underlying infrastructure?
Custom software development, dealing with change requests?
How important are PMI certifications in the beginning of a PM career?
Planning legacy ERP system replace. WBS?
How to write user stories for our UI development process?
Effort estimation
Can user stories be prioritized using labels applied by the customer?
What are the pros and cons of using Daily Standups?
Case-style project management software
What are some Agile Testing Estimation Techniques?
Managing egos of developers
Iron Triangle / quality triangle - why the middle is said to be non-existant?
How do I efficiently go from concept to product?
PMO Value Add Metrics
DSDM Atern or DSDM?
What is the purpose of the "as late as possible" constraint in MS Project?
Is is right if a team member moans about a 'bad performance' in retrospective?
Inherited Project Fix or Start Over
How to estimate and plan product capacity?
Indirect cost calculation
Product launch failure
How to track development activity time against tasks
Who truly prioritizes the product backlog? The Product Owner or Team?
Executive Summary Repetition
Project Objectives vs Stakeholder Needs
How to use JIRA to track progress over a process with multiple handoffs
How to increase the project team engagement?
When does one develop a RASCI?
Kanban / Agile Goes Haywire
Resource conflict handling
How can I handle objections about the percent of utilization of a non-technical PM?
In what ways does a project charter differ from a project scope?
Managing sprints in a better way
How can I write a project charter prior to collecting requirements, defining scope, estimating and so on?
Not coding as an IT Project Manager. Developers backbiting
Faulty piece of software discovered, next steps for a Project Manager to take
Agile and increased costs
How do you explain to a client that migrating an existing application's database to different one (e.g. from MySQL to MSSQL) is not a trivial task?
MS Project 2013 - Resource Overallocations during specific time period with 100% Availability
Task with start not based on actual dates
What does Sprint mean when it comes to Agile/Scrum?
Relevant metrics for issue closure estimation
How is a project's governance different to its strategy?
How do you employ agility in defining the strategy of a project?
What is the best way to handle small items in a backlog?
How to make Release Planning more accurate?
Vendor selection being squeezed in as project's scope - how to best respond?
Managing project in LAN network
How do I facilitate an asynchronous remote design sprint?
What does it mean to 'crash a project'?
Suggestions to motivate Team Members in an "Special Environment"?
Developers in Scrum Team: ineffective and not functional
Project management methodologies for multiple projects, small teams, diverse skills, partially remote team
PMP certification for a non-technical project Manager
Aiming to finish development of sprint a bit early to give testers time
In Prince2 what is the difference between Quality Expectations and Acceptance Criteria?
Microsoft Project - Problem synchronizing summary tasks around a milestone
PBI estimation during grooming session
How to use TFS 2015 Agile template artifacts in practice?
Short initiation for lazy colleagues
Can a sprint cycle take 1-3 days?
Divide "stories" into tasks or columns?
Feature team - Chapter size
In a one developer scrum team, can there be multiple tasks in progress
Feature Teams - Project with multiple teams
UML Class Diagram for the sprints
Can a single resource be in multiple teams for multiple projects?
Secondary team block primary team due to lack of quality-driven development and WIP limits
How to split a User Story that spans multiple sprints?
How to manage very small, easy tasks in Agile?
Using probability to assess issues
Agile development for mobile development with Backend server for an Indie developer
How to deal with the similar deliverable in my impact map?
1 day sprint ever makes sense?
Gantt diagram alternative: cards instead of tasks, one guy per task
How can I set JIRA to not add the sub task estimate to its parent User Story?
Action Item Register - Can a formal method of tracking action items be successfully applied to teams using more adhoc / agile methods?
How can I plan for contingencies in Scrum?
How to represent tasks with subtasks over versions?
Things to consider before Project Initiation
Using personal kanban board for daily standups in scrum process
Who should attend Sprint Replanning?
How can I accomodate hotfixes in the KanBan board in JIRA
Making Retrospectives Effective in a Long-Running Project
Optimistic vs. Pessimistic Burndown Lines - just a Project smell?
Sprint Demo, Retrospective, and Planning sequence with offshore team
Need task to ignore schedule
what is the reason of calculating duration in Microsoft Project in decimal form?
How to motivate my team members to start documenting their work
Do we need different Kanban boards for different task categories? (i.e. admin, development, research)
Does anyone estimate stories per discipline in a single story?
Team velocity dramatically slows down to the end of a sprint
MS Project 2013 resource graph
Gantt charts with ranged estimates?
How do I define acceptance criteria for subjective outcomes?
Oversee and monitor several scrum projects
GANTT Charts in Jira
Trying to be Agile with a floating team advice's
Developers don't like to estimate. What can I do to improve the process?
In MS Project, how do I create a task to start with the earliest of two dependencies?
Can Product Owner + Scrum Master (Team/Kanban Lead) provide combined leadership for a team?
Maximizing resource planing in a team handling multiple projects in a single sprint
TFS and customer requirements
Microsoft Project - view resources in hours not percentage
Team consistently over commits
Does this workload seem right?
Should a Product Owner be present for all retrospectives?
How do you keep track of software engineers daily activity?
Retrospectives with fewer "games"
Can a Business Coordinator become a project manager
In Kanban, What should I do if the card has a bug that need to be fixed in Test column?
Android App Development: Effort Estimation tools
Can planning documents be retroactively produced to fit the product that's been built?
Sort "Done" Jira Agile column
What process changes can I make to more accurately track both collaborative stories and individual time within Jira?
lag must be exactly 2weeks
What does it mean to "verify SW requirements related to safety, security and critically are correct, as shown by rigorous methods"?
How to estimate a project budget using story points?
Present a document with estimations of duration of work and risks
Writing the Granularity of the Task - Where?
What Questions do you Ask the User to Elicit Requirements?
Is Scrum updated to 2.0 or 3.0?
Should stories be properly estimated before being pulled into an ongoing sprint?
Collapsed sub-process with multiple end events (BPMN)
Team member frequently disregards "small" requests
Managing defects or incidents in a solution based project model
What is the term for an anti-user-story?
Accepting the sprint in the Review meeting? And some other Review questions
In JIRA, how can we have separate boards/views for the PO and the team in the same sprint?
Can a developer become a Scrum Master?
How to handle arising tasks we want to address later in Scrum
How to manage story points when several developers work on 1 story?
Is there a way to copy and paste tasks from one project file to the other without losing the predecessors?
Scaled scrum/agile frameworks (SAFe vs. Nexus vs. LeSS) comparison
Is there a platform that facilitates the per-topic separation of conversations?
Alternatives to individual standing up in the "stand-up meeting"?
MS project 2010 resource assigning problem - unexpected behavior
How to force one task to end at the same time as another task in MS Project
How do I track resource utilization, but the resource doesn't do any work?
Report to Show Work During Current Week Only
Improvement on awareness of ongoing/scheduled multiple projects for our client
Retrospective: difference between gathering data and generating insights?
How to make a retrospective focus on certain issues which I have already identified
How to label convergence of simultaneous tasks in PERT chart?
"Extra" Tasks Mid-sprint
Using Story points for billing and the team size
How can we track the status of very large, very broad user stories in our web development process?
How many people during the initial meeting with the client?
Engaging remote team members in sprint planning
Who decides minimum functionality for a story during planning?
Should Product Owner be permament for team or can be changed from time to time?
Any ideas about how to evaluate a developer's performance?
How to justify sprints in a largely reactive business?
How to stop ms-project from changing task dates
PMO is a department/area or a role?
How to deal with clandestine projects
Planning all sprints at once
Client with conservative UAT policy
Which tense is correct when describing acceptance criteria in scrum stories?
What qualifies as a trackable risk?
I'm the new dev team boss - some advice please
Disallow tasks to be marked as complete until dependencies also complete
How to manage business and technical requirements?
How should a project manager handle a request for contracted software to produce twice as many reports as specified in the project's requirements?
How to cope with milestones that can only occur every two weeks?
Scrum Master for 3 Development Teams
Recreation of user stories for common functionality/screens between Releases?
What to do when a developer of a library you've used for a year claims that you owe them license fees?
How to adopt scrum when you don't know who needs to be in your team each sprint
Should a Scrum team formally track daily commitments?
Best measurable units for non cross-functional team estimation
Is there a way to use JIRA to back daily standup meeting?
Help me reconcile my title of project manager with performing roles of a scrum master
What needs to be in place to get a Software project estimate within 10%
How can I set up a supervisor to multiple workers in multiple tasks in MS Project
Can machine learning be used for capacity planning?
Agile, peer vs roundtable programming
How can I find the best distribution of a set of tasks
Estimating the project time and cost while preparing the proposal of a project
Extent of Project Manager's responsibility
Should there be junior and senior developers in a Scrum team, or should everyone be a developer?
How other than financial constraints affect quality?
How should a Scrum development team track KPIs (key performance indicators) besides sprint commitments?
Agile Scrum Sprint Review (demo) and declined user stories
Is there an efficient methodology for organizing an inherited project?
How does a scrum team measure its productivity against its productivity pre-scrum?
What would a better industry standard title be than "Team Captain" and "Team Leader"?
How is incident management done in a large scale Scrum environment?
Who is responsible for risk management in Agile-style deliveries?
Can you use story points to measure growth?
How to measure percentage complete on an Agile project?
PWA's Project Center Timeline Not Adding Tasks or Projects After Editing Webpart
Should velocity increase with time?
How can I do Change Request on Microsoft Project?
Can client member be the part of team members at task board? how do we manage client entity in scrum?
Do projects ever end early?
Development team are not meeting sprint deadlines
Practising agile in deadline driven environments
Leveling Doesn't Work on Overallocated Resources in Project 2010
Can I import Jira tickets into redmine
Does multiple cards in progress by a single person reduce kanban efficiency
Is it possible to prescribe PM time spent on key activities during a working day?
in MSP 2010 How to change task duration units from weeks to days in bulk
Tracking requirements
How to create a champion advocating change in a loose organisation
Using MS project for overview with TFS to control the details of a mechanical development project
Value Adding VS Non Value Adding - Technique to identify.
Anyone studying for PMP exam or have passed PMP?
Use cases for offline board
How to leverage Agile development benefits in a fixed-cost project?
Master degree business administration vs. Project Management Professional (PMP) to become project manager in Programming Inc. and why
What are the ways and best practices when negotiating with a client?
Does the team need 2 different Kanban boards for part-time work?
How do I convert a JIRA Kanban board to a Scrum board
Resource Allocation - Two resources on one task at different ratios
Leadership in new team
Plan a task multiple times
Project steps from start to finish
As an Agile Coach, how do I deal with argumentative and uncooperative team members?
Jira story points versus sub task estimation
Requirements for PMI's PMP course
Is it possible to have process outputs that are not products?
Your team member fails to meet the deadline for the coding and testing of a component. What do you do?
One channel per task to track all discussions related to particular tasks in Slack: good or bad idea?
Testing big systems in agile
Stake holder mapping and management
Kanban / Scrum software
What does SLE stand for in ITIL?
How can a given project have SPI lower than 1 and still be on schedule?
Scrum Review Meetings - Real World
How many project managers are needed to change a lightbulb?
Identify risks from 100 case studies
How can our chaotic JIRA process be used to report resource allocation using MS Project Server?
How should I handle Assignee for a JIRA ticket as Status changes?
What should the job title be of the person who runs a Project Management Office?
What quality management frameworks are used (appropriate) today - especially in software development?
Advice for developer team leading his first project
How to decide if a "quick, small change" should be implemented?
Any ideas for mixing a kanban with taskboards
Delivering a project with limited resources?
Is it better to revitalise or restart a project that has been modified?
PMP experience requirement
How do you port project and issues from one Jira server to another?
Logical Loop: PMBOK 5th Ed
Should all teams hold the same sprint retrospective?
For planning purposes, how many work hours per day should I expect of each staff member?
Change Request to change scope
PM Role in Software Maintenance
MS Project 2016 is returning too many hours in summary tasks for Work
How do project management maturity levels relate to the introduction of portfolio management?
Managing huge experimental decision by a developer
How should I approach a Product Owner interview test?
What would be the advantages of taking a Software Project Management course for Data Scientists?
What is the role of test manager in a scrum team?
Dynamically queueing tasks to better plan ahead
AOA Diagram Help!
When are Story Points and priority estimated in the planning phase of agile?
Planning a release around the Apple's AppStore in mind
Agile Methodology on College projects?
Can I use the PMP Exam book to prep for a CAPM exam?
How to organise manual testing in a scrum team?
How to configure the project schedule for parallel tasks?
How to tell a client 'no'
How do you convince a client that testing is a must?
Should bug/regression tickets be reopened, or new tickets created?
Mixing organizational and Scrum roles
Am I implementing scrum properly?
Who performs a release and how is it estimated?
Is Ken Schwaber advocating a platform model in this blog post?
Developer is stuck, now what?
PWA / Enterprise custom columns - formula not working
What are the benefits of PRINCE2 Agile?
How can we deal with a big story that does not break down?
Is the Product Owner allowed to be at the Daily Scrum event?
Where is the value in walking the board with a detailed task board?
Why can't the Crash Time be greater or equal to Normal Time?
Is there a way to links tasks that have overlapped dates?
What to do if a member of a team finishes all his sprint tasks ahead of schedule?
How to create a visual product road map that follows agile?
Who should make the final design and UX decisions on a team without a designer
Risk Register & Project Summary Risk Report
Drop-down menus in MS Project 2013 disappeared
Why is Closing Process Group of Project HR management empty?
Exchanging equivalent user stories (Story points based) in a sprint
How to estimate number of resources when I have my timelines fixed, but work effort is more
How to diplomatically deny client access to their server
What should a scrum master do if his manager insists on managing the team?
At what level should the Product Owner prioritize work?
Custom Field Formula for MSP
How many hours should the development team spend on skills improvement during work?
Why is MS Project 2016 Showing a $0 for BCWP on a completed task
Start-to-Start and Finish-to-Finish Logic in MS Project
Having trouble managing a sub contractor
What's a project management methodology suitable for a small team that addresses both operations and rapid-fire small projects?
Digital Sprint management with regards to ISO compliance
Project Management Methodology for software and real time audio processing project
Ms project, how to calculate difference between actual duration and duration?
Which is the Issue Register NOT used for?
Post Scrum facilitation
Leading technical teams as an agile non technical project manager
what risk response type can be used to respond to a threat and an opportunity?
Should developers from different projects do a stand-up meeting together in Scrum?
How to manage stakeholder expectations when they keep on raising the bar
How can I motivate members of a university project without money or punishments?
Phase and Sprint in Project Management
Is it possible to change from Waterfall/V model methodologies to Agile during a project?
Sprint Goal and Failure of a Sprint
Who is responsible for the requirements?
What "management by discomfort" is?
How to find the right size for user stories for a dev team
How to show how late a task is in MS-Project 2013?
What to do if a developer is waiting on a colleague to complete his side of the story during a sprint?
Is there an official website for scrum?
Part time project member: how to specify his 20 hours a week?
Scrumming part time. Need to know exact hours?
What are the reasons to (or not to) exclude QA from your sprint
How to structure a simple Wordpress project in Agile Scrum Team
Sales team keep on setting aggressive deadlines
Multiple feature teams but no version control; how to scale delivery?
How do we prevent debates over whether changes to user stories are new work or bugs?
Good way to do a personal project review - what questions to ask
How do I tell resources that I need them to do something I could technically do myself?
Acceptance Testing fails on owners machines only
Being pressured into doing a Gantt chart
Relationship between Work, Duration and Units in Microsoft Project 2013
Creating a release burn down chart for forecasting
Do QA testers have to follow their sprints strictly?
What to do when the backend work is much larger than the frontend?
How to eliminate wasted time / improve cadence on epic boundaries
Slack Team for Project Managers who want to Network, Mentor, etc
Calculating the Difference Between Actual Start Date and Baseline Start Date
In the PRINCE2 process model, when is the project management team structure reviewed?
What's the best way to deal with customers that do not know what they want?
Advice needed on managing parallel projects at different detail levels
If a user can influence external supplier Business Case, can he be picked for Senior Supplier for a project
Where in the PRINCE2 process model do we actively apply the Learn from Experience principle, and capture previous lessons?
can the Continued Busines Justification for a project change in Prince2
FTA (Fault Tree Analysis) or FMEA (Failure mode and effects analysis): how they are different from each other?
Estimate depending work items in Scrum
What does it mean by Expected Benefits need to be measurable in Prince2
How exactly one can find out the influence of each risk component in Fault Tree Model? Is that possible at all?
What risk analysis model shall I use if I know the areas (sources) of risk?
Kanban - If List is "full" (at WIP limit) do you just split list into DO and DOING?
How to measure the value of Product management?
Fixed work which means work hours remains unchanged irrespective of increase in duration when updated
How to Record Bugs Following User Story Completion - in Large Projects
what should I do to overcome the agile process related issues in my organization?
Optimizing the phase model of CMS-project
Can we allocate time to story points?
Working (part of) an MS Project schedule backwards
Method for managing Scrum ceremonies with an introverted team?
How to force ms-project to reschedule when all resources are available?
Mapping value stream for a feature suggestion to working software process
How to describe a system
Both of my developers are stuck on one task, now what?
Influence code quality as Scrum Product Owner
Forecasting Story Points in Agile
Are account management skills important for project managers?
How can I view the tasks which are assigned to my organizational team members?
Is there a reason to apply BPM to agile methodologies such as SCRUM?
How to deal with reoccurring stories in agile?
Boss is making me liable for developers actions
What is the difference between acceptance criteria and the definition of done?
Alternative to CSM and PSM for becoming a Scrum Master
Governance cost as percentage of FTEs
How to set story points when two people work on the same item together?
How to shift to the semi-automatic estimation of the projects?
PM project definitions
How to write a good Critical Success Factor?
Scrum - Is a good practice to set the remaining work of a Sub-task?
How to document existing products and their development?
What's the point of a release burndown chart?
How to assess technical knowledge of the team?
How to deal with an impatient stakeholder?
How to estimate times during Sprint Planning?
How to ensure developers don't sneak in code not part of requirements?
Changing default time from 0.88 days to 1 day
Jira query to find issues without links
MS Project - Span a task over many days AND allow successor to start right after
Can I go for PMP certification without having any project management experience?
In Microsoft Project why is my actual duration calculating to 0 days?
Is defining business rules the same thing as a story spike in Agile?
Should UI/UX designers work directly with the Product Owner?
Better approach to sprint for QA and Dev team
Can one person be both Scrum Master and Architect at the same time?
How can developers and designers work together in an agile way?
How do I encourage self-learning of Git?
Finding out whether a decision made has been risk-taking or risk-averse
How should a Scrum Master handle a Product Owner who micromanages the team?
Back-and-forth questions in daily stand-up meeting
Agile in Construction
How can I create filter by rank?
Best solution for team managment
Do you consider a defect an actual defect if it occurs in Dev prior to the acceptance of the User Story as Done?
Can I break a user story down after work as already started?
Achieving independence for story items
Interviewing for MS Project skills
How can I improve the efficiency of QA?
What are the "pillars" of the Kanban process?
Microsoft Project views
What is the average (intended) timeframe for 5 Whys Analysis?
Are there any tools for categorizing the project?
Predicting release date change in Kanban due to PROD issues
In an scaled Scrum with multiple teams, who should be responsible for writing automated system tests?
Scrum certification for Release manager managing agile releases
How to schedule reports in HP Project and Portfolio Management (PPM) Center 9.12?
Can I have partial acceptance of Work Breakdown Structure packages?
Roadmap vs vision vs proposal best practices or examples
How to build an excel based gantt chart that adjusts future activities with delay of previous activities
Is a ticket management system necessary for our org?
What can we do for a fragmented team with short projects?
How to justify integration costs to a client?
How to decide what features should be in MVP?
critical chain project management
Epics and stories prioritization in JIRA
MS Project: how to distribute remaining work equally
MSP 2010 - duplicating tasks and logic
My Project Milestones Do not Represent My Current Tasks. What should I do to track my project?
Can 'QA approved' count towards your team's definition of done?
Managing scope changes and timelines for graphic design components of a project
Human resources in (easy)redmine and automatic representation of their holidays in Gantt
Project governance and scrum. Compatible? Differences?
Switching from a R&D to program/project management after a PhD
Inside Jira how do I see boards from multiple projects in a single drop down?
Identifying and considering the important factors to calculate a persons Capacity for a Sprint?
avoiding long running branches on big stories
How to minimize scope creep?
Opening sub-projects from within the Master Project
Applying Field formats to multiple projects
Can you make a custom timeline?
OmniPlan showing one task per day
pdus for continuing certification as pmi 's pmp
PMP documentation without closing date
How to define work breakdown structure (WBS) with alternative paths?
What should be in ISO 9001 quality manual?
How to document and manage activity that is managed by different procedures from different categories (CMMI)?
In Scrum, are the developers supposed to engage stakeholders at all? Or is it solely the responsibility of the product owner?
Create a "plan on a page" for an Agile project?
The process that has brought about the proposal and its submission?
Action when realising that the user story cannot be completed by the end of the sprint
Should project management software be comprised of the technologies the developers use?
How to do resource allocation between overlapping tasks in MS Project?
Is it sound project management practice to make software engineers fix bugs "off the clock"?
Should issues with individuals be called out in retrospectives?
How can we speed up code reviews without sacrificing thoroughness of the code reviews?
What is the difference between metric and KPI?
How do you calculate the number of days between two tasks in Microsoft Project?
How can a professional services / custom solutions company adopt agile and be successful?
MS Project - how to schedule subtasks
How to Measure the SLA Performance of IT Techs in Managed Services Provider?
Can I add columns in MS Project Pro to display time-phased costs?
MS Project: How should I enter scheduling constraints to reflect multiple short and irregular operating windows?
Collaborate a Mobile App teams work with an API developed in another silo
How should we balance chores to reduce technical debt with impending deadlines for features?
Dealing with an agency who can't give a definite quote
MS Project: Few basis questions on tasks management
How should I structure requirements in Confluence?
Is lack of knowledge/experience in the dev team a risk according to the risk management theory
Are retrospectives and daily stand ups replacement of risk management
As a Scrum Master, what could I do to encourage devops in my company?
How can I explain Scrum Master role to my grandma?
What are the effects of rotating of professionals among different projects during software development?
How to use a physical Kanban board?
Kaban board lacks of hierarchical view - how to overcome it
How do you handle scheduling with developers who always come up with new cases in specifications?
Technical user stories or development related tasks
Is it possible to apply Scrum to time based sub contractors?
Is it normal to find managing remote teams/subcontractors harder?
How can I deal with a developer who isn't on board with a new PM and programming framework?
Should a team estimate tasks based on the executor's capacity or on the team average?
Is there a JIRA mechanism that will notify users in-browser when a ticket changes?
Daily Standup, Demo, Retrospective - Mandatory? How?
Is it a problem when many stories start with: "As the system,..."
Scrum backlog and sprint planning
What can I do when my boss has no project plan and the structure of application changes systematically?
How do you share plans with your clients?
How should a non-technical person define tasks for technicians?
Difference between max units and assignment units in MS Project
In Microsoft Project, the values for my Work column appear to be wrong
Scrum Task Board Customization in TFS 2015
How to check the actual number of hours spent by remotely working employee?
Convince client of software update vs just charge for it
Recording a project meeting using a Dictaphone
Dealing with unrealistic performance expectations
How to sync Team Foundation Server with Asana, in order to use Asana features on top of TFS
Inter-Team Dynamics - Is it worth planning / optimizing for?
Is it right for a team lead to force the team to do work in a particular way?
MS Project - task duration and end dates don't match
How can I import JIRA issues into Redmine?
Types of audits in service IT industry
What should a team do in the Sprint Retrospective when everything is going well?
How to sucessfully introduce/initiate IT projects in a non-IT org.?
Epics vs Projects vs something else
Is it true that multiple Scrum teams working on the same project MUST have the same start/end dates for their Sprints?
Prioritization: How do I know if I should do it based on time to completion or difficulty?
When should I do analysis and design regarding Scrum's Sprint planning?
How can we estimate an end date for a project using our whiteboard system?
Potential risks or TBD?
What techniques to use to lead teams to a decision?
Prioritizing WITHIN the priority matrix
Project management at new company is boring and super slow. What shall I do?
Is backlog refinement (grooming) waste?
What to do if team can't be made cross-functional?
Different user can access different feature
Rapid and efficient product development processes
Can Scrum be used in non-development activities?
Separating tracking and estimation with Agile Scrum and workflow
Project Manager role in Scrum project
Task Duration and work
Is this a Functional or Non-Functional requirement?
Scrum Master Interview Questions
Can Scrum be used to schedule family chores?
Where should I keep track of open items from previous sprints?
How to convince my boss to let go an ineffective programmer
What is the difference between titles "lead" and "manager"
Am I eligible to get PMP Certification?
Should a process map include exceptions?
Does the act of measuring progress also slow progress?
Difference between maintenance and development
Development manager in the morning scrum
Add travelling time in ms project 2010
Calculating project forecasts in Jira
earned value and physical percent complete
Is it good idea to divide the modules to different developers? considering that they are freelancers
Earned value analysis by client and vendor
Scrum when reaching goal beforehand
How to use Kanban for consulting work, take 2
How to plan a brainstorming session
MS Project: Finish Variance formula simplification
How to show planned project approach to the client?
MS Project: Scenario planning issue
Moving from 2-week dev sprint / 1 week QA sprint model to a "true" 2-week sprint model - tips?
Sub contractors changing the invoicing agreement
Story Decomposition Granularity
Scrum compatibility with PMBOK® Guide
How long should a work breakdown structure take to create?
How do I incorporate product managers with Backlog control into JIRA?
Filter with wrong total actual work
How do I make a Gantt Chart where the project execution phase in the WBS is modified to implement Scrum?
Who is the Owner of the Sprint Demo activity, Is it the Product Owner or the Development team?
Two activities generate two activities? (Network diagram)
How to hide dates in GanttProject?
How can I stop my remaining estimate to be adjusted?
What is the best way to deal with a client that is always complaining?
How to manage spec / user stories in Agile/Scrum
On JIRA, can I have a column in my agile board based on a filter and not (only) on a status?
Resource to divide time between several tasks, depending of the number of tasks
How to complete Sprint and move to next Sprint in TFS Online
Assign work to QA team using Scrum template in TFS
Functional Decomposition Diagrams help
What would be the pressure for developers in scrum?
Conflict Management between Development team and design team
Should all backlog items exist inside a feature?
JIRA: How to show Epics with the status "In Progress" in the Kanban board?
Resist doing all the work by myself
Example epics for an mobile game
JIRA: how to have many Kanban boards for one project
Project Outline
Opaque burndown charts and story validation
Efficient patent brainstorming session
How to encourage more participation in web scrum meetings?
Resource Over Allocation in MS Project
Pragmatic method to check/improve effort calculations
Project Gantt Chart tasks breakdown question
Should developers be talking to users during Story planning / refinement?
Source code email notifications benefits to your team?
MS Project 2010 Auto-calculating and setting Resource % Allocations
How to get MSProject to automatically increase resource usage to over 100% when the average Acutal Work hours is above the standard day work hour?
What is unique about application development projects?
In business model, how can I classify the tasks based on from where materials are utilised?
How can I produce more reliable estimates for technology refresh projects?
Unable to sign off a project
How to effectively allocate experts to projects?
MS Projects show task always in timesheet
Expected task end date is not reflecting . Need help (Microsoft Project)
Where should employee training fall into the project life cycle?
Show Epic label in backlog without adding Epics to board filter in Jira?
MS project - Show calendar exception name on gantt
What UAT checklists should I give the testing team?
How to share developers between multiple agile projects?
If one supplier has delayed your project schedule should the other suppliers on the project be alerted to the new timeline?
What's expected from different career levels for a scrum master?
Should the Scrum Master also be an Agile coach, or are they the same?
How to Create a Comprehensive Calendar for a Master Project Workplan that Includes Timelines from all 9 of Other Projects
Velocity at different project phases
Are presentations considered "documentation" when applying Agile and Scrum to BI?
Is there a way to "tag" portions of Sprint item descriptions and build documentation from it?
Employee Being Disrespectful by not following HR Policy
Does Scrum only works for teams working on actual features?
How can a small dev team track time successfully?
How to address friction between estimation requests and delivery commitment
How to differentiate old bugs from new bugs during a sprint?
How to create deliverables column in Gantt chart?
How to Plan a Project with a Fixed Management Deadline?
Defect Found in Previous Iteration - Bug or New Work?
MS project 2013 - complex resource allocation
Problem with in Scrum team - with seniors
Setting default issue type in JIRA
In Scrum, should we be billed for defects and unplanned activities?
Where would Joint Application Development sessions fit into the Scrum framework?
Stories for new team members?
QA-Challenged Team - How to Improve?
Does the current PMP exam ask about human motivational theory?
How (and in what units) to measure the product scope?
Assigning features to teams rather than assigning front-end or back-end work?
Test only stories in the Sprint?
PMP certification experience hours for each PM phase
Having trouble remembering everything that I have delivered
On JIRA, how can I restrict a specific status of my workflow to hold only one issue per time?
How to deal with non-project work requests on developers?
Methodology for Deciding Between Building on Existing Code or Starting New
How to manage "pools of resources" in Microsoft Project 2016?
Can contracts based on agile project deliverables be tied to staged payments?
Starting a project without a project manager?
Do non-labour costs involve project overheads?
How can I improve my product manager skills in a senior-developer environment?
How to view resource allocation to specific projects
Are there differences in Test plans for an agile model and a traditional model?
Assigning responsibility with physical Kanban Board
PMP hours documentation
I need practical tools or workshop tips to create product vision for an existing product
How to get sprint progress from complexity-based estimation?
In a scrum development environment, management keeps adding stories in the sprint
How do you financially quantify the 'holding cost' of not releasing items until you have a big batch?
How can I improve my requirement analyst skill?
Why measure in story points (being a relative measure is not an acceptable answer)
What are "Consumed Story Points" in Trello?
Product Breakdown Structure, deliverables for Software
Temporary working as a part of existing scrum team
Can I build a strong career as a project manager without in depth technical knowledge?
Feasability report and the kickoff meeting
What PM certifications are worthwhile acquiring?
Method for scoring backlog items in Jira based on impact to company goals versus level of effort
Caution or Waste?
Scrum job title
Sending Email Notification when Assigning Task to Resources in Project Server 2016 Web App
Renumbering our task IDs in Microsoft Project to a different scale?
How to put on one chart multiple projects to show dependencies between them?
Making meetings more efficient
Start RUP elaboration phase when Inception is not finished yet
What are the material / steps / knowledge required for a Scrum Master to run a PMO?
How to deal with bad attitude in a scrum team?
MS Project 2013 - SubProject Finish Date not Calculating Correctly
Is it unrealistic to develop a software project and get reliability not just by what you see on screen?
MS Project Calendar
Is having multiple roles (Tech leader + Programmer + Scrum Master) against Scrum / Agile methodology guidelines?
How to edit groups of tasks in Microsoft project?
How to track and manage project progress & opportunities?
Show resources grouped by high-level summary task in MS Project
What's the difference between Kanban vs Lean Kanban?
Managing multiple agile projects in a small software house
How to prevent product users from reaching directly to the developers?
Unusual management style?: Using team meetings to critically evaluate team members' performance
How to set properly aligned KPIs for engineers and QA staff
Difference between JIRA's internal "Needs Review" and "Review Needed" issues statuses?
How to measure efficiency of tasks for a very small project
Documenting requirements on an Agile project
TFS Work Item Customization for Deliverable Tracking
Is there Scrum ceremony for planning Technical Details on an Agile Project?
How to archive source code used for prototyping
Should we cancel the Daily Stand-Up if we have another meeting during the day?
How to optimize for Flow Efficiency over Resource Utilization?
Use Scrum for multiple linked projects
How to solve the problem of assets being so 'digitally dispersed' across many platforms
Can milestones overlap?
Merging multiple backlogs into a Visionary/Master backlog on JIRA?
Do user stories mean rework? How much is ok?
MS Project doesn't calculate task finish date correclty
How can I get an export of stories/bugs in all releases for a date range?
How do I turn off a task if another task is assigned work?
Move a task to weekend in MPP 2010
MS project plan for part time worker
Should I specify user story acceptance criteria in Given/When/Then format or checklists?
Unable to determine the actor in UCP estimation for a given scenario
Development buffers and risk factors
Critical Path Analysis
How can we keep track of changes to translations within our project?
When making technically minor changes, should i create a new user story or update an existing (closed) story?
Degree completed 2 years back but have PM experience for more than 5 years
Sales person tries to be a project manager
Why did our process cause us to miss our release date?
EQ/EO determination from a functional point sizing perspective
Can scrum master interrupt team member during daily Scrum?
RAID logs - What is the best way to organise them?
Where do requirements end and design begin?
Who is responsible to write UAT Test Scripts for Salesforce project?
Overheads calculation assumptions
Is there a significant difference between PSM 1 and PSM 2
Accurate estimation using work break down structure (WBS)
Best and easiest way to build a Product Roadmap?
Scenario based Use case point estimation counting
Team Member does not send meeting response via outlook
Project Server 2016 doesn't send task assignment alerts to resources
Moving from project teams to static teams - advice?
Do we create application-level stories?
Starting a developement team
Having trouble influencing my boss first time round?
User stories vs Functional specifications
What is the best industry standard report for Code quality control and measurement over time?
How to Add Actual Hours
Do you show your RAID log to stakeholders?
How to get team agreement about what story points mean to said team
Overrun on Duration
Making sprint GREEN
What to do when WIP limits must be broken?
How to deal with a Product Owner who refuses to write user stories?
Swimlane, category or new project for grouping dependent projects in Kanboard
Presenting the scope (include management into feature or as a separate line)
How can I display buffers in MS Project?
Project plan audit
How to deal with the situation that some people's work is not fulfilled during a sprint?
I am a brand new scrum master, and my team almost refuses to do the stand-up, what do I do?
Minutes of meetings of Daily SCRUM
What is a healthy ratio of [time spent on bugs]/[total time spent on project]?
User Interface Requirements in User Stories
Earned value management with ressources of type "Cost"
How can a project manager improve his/her team's creativity? Is this job, his/her job?
Ensuring team motivation and project progress in a highly complex software project
Can QA test in-progress tasks? How are bugs reported for incomplete stories?
Handling New Issues in the backlog
Remaining Work rollup issue
If you already release continuously, what are the benefits of a Scrum Sprint of constant length?
From Microsoft Project to JIRA
Microsoft Project: How to make two resources work at the same time on the same task when using automatic resource leveling?
Scrum: what to do if team member finishes their work early but can't help with other tasks
software process model for one person with requirments well defined upfront
Jira: Best way to setup issue for having info about responsible users (analyst, developer, qa)
How can I improve this Jira process?
Is signing off projects supposed to be hard?
SAFe with Chargeback Accounting?
Should I trade points when adding a new story mid sprint?
Estimate Item Delivery from Throughput plus blockers
WBS and PERT diagram
Frontend/backend feature team with little shared knowledge
Creating Requirements for API teams
Jira Sprint Structure for Software Team
How do you deal with stress from PM?
Scheduling Turnaround execution
To Create a Bug in ongoing Feature development in a sprint
Ensuring customer requirements are clear
Not good at account management, can I cut it as a PM long term?
Scrum - What are the downsides if a developer is not spending 100% of their time on a single project?
How to generate a lead time report in JIRA without a plugin?
How to sort by task numbers?
How to avoid recurring questions and contradictions about same or related problems?
To what extent should a project manager take responsibility for the mistakes of a person assigned to the project?
Best way to manage change requests?
JIRA - How to add flag to epic task
Tracking how much time particular task spends in a lane - Kanboard
How does the public sector estimate the cost of large-scale infrastructure projects?
How to describe the business entities in Scrum?
How to efficiently manage a Scrum team when one member is much less productive?
In Jira, how do you capitalizing the dev time for each story?
Default Header and Footer, for All Microsoft Project Views?
MS Project predecessor formula
Scheduling hours over a fixed duration in MS-Project 2013
Managing 50+ small projects
The development teams can't deliver successful sprints
How to deal with overhead of QA logging bugs that POs aren't interested in fixing?
How to know when the project started in JIRA?
Organizing testing in a Scrum(ish) development project
What is the best workflow between Jira and Confluence?
Does it make sense to require developers to write a "business value add" section in each issue?
How can I help a member of a scrum team estimate better?
Benefits for the development team from adopting the Behavior Driven Development
Tracking tasks across all Jira projects
How do I convice clients that we should use Agile and how should we charge for it
Can't find the Task Name column in MS Project 2013
assigning multiple people to a single task in MSP
How can my PERT diagram take account of my resources?
Hot swapping people in a scrum team
High level way to explain programming concepts to my boss
Agile team full of part time developers
As a Project Manager how do I evaluate a Six Sigma certification course?
Use elapsed days in german ms project
How do you get your team to participate in quality assurance practices: Refactoring
What workflow optimises the use of Lean Startup, particularly when managing Landing Pages?
MS Project - One year is calculated wrong
How do I get client to participate in acceptance testing?
setting ITIL as a common framework for multiple IT teams around the world
Recommendations for project core metrics
Is there any negative productivity impact on having more than one task in progress?
Using Scrum for clients' migration on already live product
Agile and Earned Value
How to organize effective iteration demo in outsource project?
Are story points achieved a good individual quarterly goal?
What is your focus: increasing metrics or improving processes?
Individual performance or team performance?
What KPI's or OKR's do you use for individual software engineers?
MS Project - How to use global calendar to each human resource?
Duration of a project different based on calculation?
How to manage PMO?
How to manage consulting resources to deliver ahead of delivery dates?
Where can I find management documentation of industry projects?
How do you handle a tech lead that takes over PO/PM role? (Unwanted)
How to display ES, LS, EF, LF in numbers using MS Project, Network Diagram?
Display completion % by custom columns instead of summary tasks?
How should a Scrum Master handle high cycle times from individuals on a team?
How to visualize and manage task dependencies?
What documents a client should get at the end of a project
How does a "rockstar" performer integrate into an Agile team?
Is it good to ask for a meetting from a team lead?
Managing scope creep in Agile
When should I use user stories and when just tasks?
Are Delighters equivalent to Gold Plating?
How do I encourage my team to become more cross functional?
Setting up two predecessors to the same task in MS Project
How to deal with constantly (~daily) changing requirements?
How long will be 5th edition of PMBOK be basis for PMP certification
What to do with Business Analysts in a Scrum environment?
Effective Status Reports - How to bring management attention?
Keep User Assignment for Tasks in Done Columns?
How do you handle the relationship and responsibilities of `Product Owner` and `Scrum Master`?
How do I facilitate a project risk assessment?
Why can't QA's share expertise and suggest new ways of working
ETC calculation including SPI
How can I calculate earned value in MS Project with variable costs?
Why are Story Points of a story not equivalent to days/hours in estimation. In Scrum [Agile]
PMP question bank
MS Project autoschedule - full days of work are bleeding into next day
How best to conduct a Sprint Review when the Sprint had work for multiple clients?
How to set a specific resource in MS Project to have a max work capacity of 7 hours a day?
Alternatives to Sprint Burndown, is it deprecated?
The difference of Jira Epics and Components
Sprint Burndown chart and tasks estimation in time
How can I always see the last 30 days in Timesheets?
In MSP, what are the differences between "Status Date" and "Current Date"?
Is this good acceptance criteria, in a JIRA?
Technique or good way to talk to functional manager
In Jira, how do I roll up Story Points or Time expended to Initiative?
Start to Finish Relationship Examples for Construction Works?
Which Predecessors/Successor and constraint should I be using?
Feedback process for individuals in scrum team
How can we fix Sprint Planning meetings that are unproductive?
How to best manage multiple projects in JIRA for a non-development team?
pivotal tracker chore: Should chores be estimated or not?
How to handle friction between the team and a new process
pivotal tracker chore: Should chores be picked regularly or one complete sprint should be dedicated to it? At what rate velocity should increase
pivotal tracker chore: At what rate velocity should increase
How do I show all tasks assigned to a user on one Jira board?
How can one Scrum Master do two retrospectives during SAFe PI Planning?
How should we deal with interdependent tasks in Scrum?
How to show resource usage for the current project only?
Split up scrum master tasks
Requirements Elicitation Technique For Unknown Workflow
How to manage cost of change / impact analysis with no funding?
Dealing with change requests while facing lots of dependencies
How to choose project management applications?
How do I lead / manage several teams?
What methods are there to figure out how adding people to the project will reduce the amount of time needed?
Numbering Sprints across products
How can I see busyness of team members?
T-Shirt Size and total estimation, how to manage them?
How to model a map of conflicts / interests?
What are the known problems with the Critical Path Method?
How to reduce the impact of key staff leaving a project?
Net Promoter Score approach
How to identify leader in a transformation project and are business analysts needed in a scrum environment?
Is COCOMO 2 Estimation Sound, or is there Something Better?
Should the product owner (or business line) actually know how the app works?
User's of VersionOne - How do you handle requests that impact a current Epic/Product?
Duration vs Work
User Story(ies) for multi-step user sign-up
Jira and Flagged Issues
How can these problems with agile be solved?
How can I force an epic to have a limited/finite scope?
Task with duration and no hours
Tasks that need to be done by resources outside the agile scrum dev team
Why in PERT the activities duration follows a Beta distribution
What are the different approaches and how frequent to prioritize the backlog?
How to ensure sprint tasks are bug free before release
Can running my own business be counted towards PMI experience requirements?
Must every task in MS project be linked with each other?
When is a Scrum Master superfluous?
Microsoft Project as collaboration tool
Best (most agile) way to develop multiple products concurrently
Various resource assignments for different portions of a task
How to handle "bad quality code" by a team member
Conversion from complexity estimation to actual costs
Did i good to do quick fixes, couple minutes before deadline.
How to calculate velocity when using fibonacci estimates
Deal with unestimated Defect-Tasks in Sprint for Veloctity calculation
Complex project schedule
What to do when running into a potential rabbit hole in a story?
Doubt defining functional requirements
Subscription to the JIRA filter for the reporter and team leader
Are Tasks and updating remaining hours for Tasks essential for Scrum
Project Management courses
How to split Requirement into Userstories
ITIL for marketing projects
Overcoming reticence to use RAID logs
What is the best requirements format for tenders
Optimum usage of JIRA and Confluence
Deriving functional requirements from use case
This use case can be considered a functional requirement?
Parallel workflows: Preparation at a low-level, while management sorts things out at a high-level
How do I mark equipment as "in use" during maintenance?
EVM Exam Question
How to finance non-programming activities when clients don't want to pay for these activities?
Can I set a task to start when any one of its 2 predecessor tasks end?
Manual schedule vs. Auto schedule
Distributed Risk Register and Facilitation of Risk-Based / -Aware Thinking
Boss came and said "The system is broken". Would this be a project?
JIRAS: Project jiras and backlog under project do not match
Agile for Marketing Teams
How to handle tasks from previous Sprint on current Sprint Burn down chart
Scrum - What and when is the best process to task a user story card in this environment
Can scrum teams using JIRA work alongside a PMO using a tool called Workfront?
MS Project Update Project and Level All
Template Microsoft Project with Scrum
Many Simultaneous Projects
What questions to ask and how to create spec based on provided information
What Jira role is required so as to have access to Jira import
Best way to deal with difficult stakeholders?
Scrum - splitting test from a user story to next sprint
Is project management a profession or a subset of another profession?
What are the artifacts in Kanban?
What are the responsibilities of a project manager in a DevOps project?
What level of detail should I include in epics?
MS Project time management scheduling
Should I estimate repeating tasks (besides Stories and Bugs)?
what to do with out of scope tickets in JIRA
Splitting user stories
How can I isolate bugs that users are not able to replicate?
Is software development becoming some sort of anarchic system around the world?
Retrospective - too many small and random problems. Death by a thousand needles
How to apply project management on IT Infrastructure sector (with daily priority tasks)
Is there a way to create tag synonyms in a JIRA board/project?
In Agile methodology, Should epics be named after big tasks/activities encountered in user journey?
Un-wordwrapping columns in MS Project 2013
Agile coach without a team
Could my sprint unit be a scenario instead of a feature? (Gherkin terms)
Our first post mortem - what's the right structure
How can I create a "pool" of tasks to choose from whenener there is available time?
RACI Matrix - Accountability
Is "Replicate X visual feature from Y app" a valid acceptance criterion
Should I have user stories dealing with the case where user is not authenticated?
How to make team member more involved in the product
Define who will work on each project
Good All-in-one excel template for SCRUM framework?
How to get an Epic span multiple sprints?
How to set a baseline for future projects based on performance of past projects?
How to determine hours spent on a project if didn't record them at the time?
Scrum: Should user story acceptance criteria be mapped to test cases?
Could you see this workflow in place for a development team within a digital agency?
How to allocate story points on extremely complex user stories?
What are the key personality traits and topics to discuss about when being introduced to senior management?
How to wake up a team?
How can I improve the team efficiency
How can I make my team to be self-organized?
My team hates planning poker (and the length of planning in general), is there a more engaging and/or quicker way to plan a sprint?
How to create a schedule for a UX process?
Release as task for Sprint
Scrum , Velocity calculation and Sprint Calculation
Time estimates and epics as releases
Do we need to update time estimates when we estimate based on story points?
Kanban on engineering dealing with customer services
When is using a Kanban(-like) board with paper tickets okay?
Difference between Large Scale Scrum (LeSS) and Nexus Framework
Transition from waterfall to agile
Split task in case of interruption: know when start, postpone finish based on interruptions
What role should a project manager play in an Agile project?
How many developers do we need? How much time?
Should bug fixes be deployed as soon as they're ready?
Handling bugs in Kanban (using JIRA)
Should I assign Belbin roles explicitly?
How to handle unfinished user stories?
How to write implementing HTTPS as a user story?
Should a user journey be a part of a BDD story?
What should you do with story points which aren't completed in sprint?
MS Project displaying work hours extremely wrong compared to duration and resource allocation
Who can add "tasks" in Scrum/Kanban?
What level of detail for BDD scenarios?
Hiring a Scrum Master / Agile Coach
Is implement business analysis in an organisation the best way?
How to convince others to change project management process
Should common functionalities be repeated as very similar stories within each context they're needed?
How do I facilitate an effective planning meeting with a remote team?
What's an easy and sustainable way to introduce pair programming?
How do you write completable "stories" when all members of a team have a specialty?
Accounting for design, discovery and analysis activities in Scrum project budget forecasts
Estimating and Project budgets
Kanban : why should we monitor each person in the team?
How to measure complexity of a project?
How to measure individual performance in a Scrum environment?
What is the formula to automatically update task progress (% Complete) based on custom flag indicator
Stories added after commitment
How to project manage Multiple Product lines, Crossed linked projects 75 developers, 7-8 product managers in an agile manager
Working Day in Resource Calendar Not Showing Up - MS Project 2010
questions allowed in scrum team
Is Scrum Master a "management" position?
Algorithm to schedule tasks according to resource availability
Handling architectural problems down the line
Paired to be focused on an epic - long-term impacts?
Difference between scrum and kanban
Can't do 'vertical'
MS Project - how to set a task to finish before else start after a set period
Milestone Reporting Format - Any ideas?
what is the advantages of using a waterfall model to solving a project on an aeroplane
What do Scrum Masters do all day?
What kind of requirements will be excluded from project scope?
Team Dynamics Issue
How can I display another Project's issues in my current Sprint in Jira?
How do you demo a spike?
What to do when mid-sprint, you realize some stories won't be done?
How does ITIL handle frequent adjustments to mailserver?
Definitive Kanban reference?
Scrum team is self organised, now what?
What does this diagram mean?
Indicator of achievements for performance goals
How important is having the PO inside the team?
What team tasks can the Scrum Master help with?
Coaching "Sprint Masters"
What have you found is the most effective way of training a Scrum Master?
Should Scrum be "Optional" for some teams
How could you prepare yourself for a new project proposal?
Why the comparisons between % complete and % planned complete is meaningless?
Changing Actual Cost (AC) with Real Cost Field
As a scrum master of a small startup made by friends, How do you solve these impediments?
Strategy for whole team switching tehnologies
Are these questions valid for a daily scrum?
Who developed Stepwise project planning?
How to estimate the value of software for a control system?
What documentation is required for behavior-driven development?
How to better structure a big scrum team?
Smaller PBIs cause duplicated QA work in Agile
Should I ask developers to report hours in daily reports or ask them to keep the task tracking tool we use with this level of detail?
What are some specific techniques to keep the daily Stand-up productive?
SCRUM certification in UK, for Australia?
Difference between Focused group and Facilitated workshops
How to manage misalignments between Design Specs and After Design Adjustments?
How to add Definition of Done (DoD) in TFS 2015 Scrum methodology?
Sprint Bouncer role
How should teammates discuss program design?
Organization structure in startup
How to address delivery of production fixes in scrum?
What is the best way to manage dynamic sub-projects?
Removing items from the sprint backlog due to emergency
What is the difference between ITIL and PMP?
How to explain to management that taking over an external project is a big risk?
What approach of story points suit our team
Resources management and a cumbersome situation
Introducing scrum in a waterfall environment
How to manage the board in ScrumBan
Engineering costs vs. personal time costs and enterprise value offering strategy
How to determine the story points to commit for the next sprint
How to be a Scrum Master in old school corporations?
How to manage many small projects?
Code reviews in Scrum?
How to explain to a product owner that inviting their team to sprint planning is a bad idea?
How to properly point out fault in others ideas?
Small development team with big amount of tasks for different projects - how to?
How is consensus and accountability achieved in large software development projects?
Global project without a charter, manager nor dedicated resources
My manager is a local copy of Dr. House
is determining the true needs of the customer is the responsibility of project manager?
How can I complete 6 months of work in less than 2 months?
How to handle agile ceremonies for sparsely distributed team members
Project management and scheduling with shifting priorities and project juggling
What is a project book?
What does "CHAOS" stand for in the CHAOS Report?
Whose responsibility is to add stories to JIRA (or other issue-tracking software)?
Software Developer gathering requirements, Department Managers providing input and discouraging input from Users
% Allocation in MS Project gantt view
How can I add a rented resource to MS Project?
Can I convert relationships in MS Project from Start-to-Start to Finish-to-Start? Is there any equation for it?
MS Project: How to deal with a reopened task
CR Rejection / Approval based on the Technical Feasibility
Why does my Earned Value curve go back to zero
Sprint vs milestone vs release
Is cmp certification equivalent to 4500 credit hours required for PMP?
What are the ways for Daily status reporting to make process more easy?
Missed deadlines. Who's responsible?
Agile and teammates that don't want to share knowledge?
Does Kanban apply well in practice to software projects with data science background?
In Jira-Domo integration, issues with more than 1 sprint show as closed in the first sprint
Hardware Development & JIRA -- How to optimize the workflow / fix version field to take advantage of burndown charts
I created a table that shows weighted score, but what does it mean for my project?
Container story for repeated work
Project Management without access to budget or deadlines
Problem with estimate, scope and programmer
How to write a spike when using BDD?
How do I split a 13 person team
In kanban, is there a way to manage add-on task that do not flow through all kanban process?
How does Jira "resolved" field (or its alias name "resolutionDate") get set?
How is a countermeasure influencing the total risk score?
Definition of a "Quality Requirement" is belwildering
How do you do Scrumban
How to create a burndown chart?
Scrum PO (product owner) requesting status everyday! Help!
Kanban metrics - WIP
Sprint backlog before going further with project
How do you reduce card size and limit scope creep in R&D tasks?
What to do with an Agile non-believer
Microsoft Project 2016 resource calendar seems to be ignored and no overallocation detected
Literature for introducing changes in software development process - not agile introduction
Where does the scrum team's authority ends and the development manager's begins?
Project 2016 update task start dates - am I asking too much?
MS Project 2013 cost adjustment
How could someone use Kanban or a similar method for community engagement?
Must the Scrum Master be a software developer?
How do I group tasks in MS-Project?
Make duration dependant or update it based on a cell
What are differences between Cost Plus Award Fee and Cost Plus Incentive Fee Contract?
Rules for Task Links in MS Project
Single backlog. Multiple teams. How to handle Backlog Refinement?
Is an anti-Agile pattern to commit to the total hours of capacity available during iteration?
Can you extract issues from Jira on premise for reporting to management?
SAAS Project Management Methodology with API driven and User Centered Design focuses
What do you call the phenomena of process creep?
How requirements are handled in TFS with Scrum template
MS Project 2010 - How to import tasks with dependencies
What is the difference between Product Backlog and Sprint Backlog
Task Details Form - Use for Current, Actual and Baseline radio buttons
How to deal with tasks detalization in sprint planning?
How to avoid ms project schedule task before status day
Who should go to a Scrum Backlog refinement meeting?
Project 2010 schedule a task ALAP using a deadline
How to focus a Product Owner’s efforts
Should building microservices be a chore or a feature in scrum?
Retrospectives only internal to the team?
OKRs as a new Waterfall
What can be the effective use of "story cycle time" in PivotalTracker
The best agile methodology for short term projects?
MS Project - Best Update Solution
BDD Gherkin definition of un-gherkin-like work
Risk Management techniques in Agile project development
Ensuring project progress with non-performance from 3rd party
What happens when the PBI in a sprint are done but the sprint timebox hasn't expired?
Different Scrum Teams Assisting Each Other - Good or Bad?
Which is the best way to list tickets that do not change lane / status in JIRA?
Individuals in team keep ignoring my advice
Define actor/role in user stories
Allocating a single resource with multiple subprojects
Project manager dumps all tickets in sprint
Adding a subproject at top level
Reopen an epic after a feature request?
How do you associate a bug identified after customer acceptance with the relevant epic?
User story for a requirement which generates files and sends to external system
Gantt Chart Style Change for 2016
How can I organize 3 developers to work together with 2 clients?
What are the priority quality practices?
Make Sure Developers Follow Requirements & Test Their Code
How to optimise SPM2(Sprint Planning Meeting 2)?
Which scrum meeting is suitable to perform technical analysis/architecture design on a story?
What should be asked in 360 feedback from Scrum Team?
What are the steps for an agile coach when he starts with a new team?
Looking for a way to remove an errant calendar from MS Project Professional 2013
Stakeholder view of projects without time?
Can team lead or product owner act as a scrum master?
How to make an Agile team comprised of 4 platforms work?
How to do performance appraisals for agile teams
Creating defect stories and inserting them immediately
software development through collaboration of waterfall and agile methods
As an outsider, how would I know overall health of a Scrum Team?
Scrum for the DBA?
How much volatility should be acceptable among Scrum teams?
I want to link one task as successor to multiple task in MS project
Zero bug software development?
Convincing my team that we need to split tasks by feature, not by work type
What could be the down side of having dedicated tester in Scrum team?
Small story got bigger, what to do with the big bit?
Ms Project - Assign resource for fixed duration
Value and dynamics of the full stack developer role
How to assign a resource with two units to the task?
how to distribute the work of an activity between specific number of individuals of a kind from a work resource
Meeting format for defining our definition of done
Is the sprint review meeting mandatory to have?
Distribution of resources in a team with multiple projects
Programmer efficiency vs demand
For a two-week Sprint, can I adjust the meeting dates when there is a holiday in our country?
Add a PWA Enterprise Custom Field to Project Pro
How to handle a Kanban team that wants to move jira tickets back?
Set Undo Level by the use of VBA in MS Project 2010
How should be the pricing using agile?
Calculate Cost Deviation
How to handle issues that are part of the backlog, solved in the weekend and are not part of current Sprint in Scrum?
Jira Project vs Epics vs Categories
Is it ok to make developer responsible for one of sprint goals?
Building common culture in a contracting organization?
Scrum vs. Sprint
Why must we define a Sprint Goal for each Sprint?
Team using Waiting for Release column on their kanban board
Why four levels of defect severity?
Lacking a dedicated Product Owner
Personal Time Tracking report using Atlassian Jira
Project authority level
Why in JIRA my field Resolution is labeled as Unresolved, when status is Resolved?
Splitting up user stories that are enhancements that may destroy other functionality?
Is it a good idea to talk about consequences in a meeting about dev processes?
Scheduling: Remaining Work
How can I split user stories about money transfers?
How to enable better demos
How to turn off auto duration calculation is MS project 2010?
Risk management plan vs risk register
How do I calculate a project management fee on my design projects?
Should we break each smallest possible thing as a separate story?
In VSTS, get the hours logged by an individual for each day in the sprint
Where to start in agile-based documentations and what are the best practices to start with?
Vertical slices with split disciplines
How best to model project completion by adjusting available resources?
Should we count a story that is no longer required by Client/PO/Management in our velocity?
How to work in Implementations when your technical operations is in another time zone?
Are there alternatives to estimation? (Software development)
How to justify to ask for the technologies stack of the customer application in precise manner?
Use Case point estimation technique - TOP DOWN
MS Project compatibility and Office 365
How to show critical path INCLUDING completed tasks (in MS Project 2010)
Plot CVI and SVI in EVA graphical report
How to get Project to _not_ auto-update
MS Project Column Time different from Project Time
What are the special advantages of regression method of forecasting over others
How can I divide a swimlane in 3 in JIRA?
Within Jira, how to identify current team allocations?
How to account for new work items while implementing a story without affecting the sprint scope?
Is it possible to use agile on infrastructure projects where scope is known upfront?
What to do with control chart data?
Start and stop in MS Project
What a difference between large Project and Program
Delegating Work and Dealing with Poor Results?
Is it fine to recognise individual performance in Scrum
How do you plan for maintainence after a Scrum project
Advanced estimation accuracy techniques
How can I track time spent by assignees on each ticket in JIRA?
How to Specify how Text Colours Should Override Each Other in MS Project
Should we have dedicated tester in team or testing is mutual responsibility of development team
Should user stories be estimated by efforts or by value it added?
Scrum: How should developer promotions be handled in a scrum team?
How to apply the 'I' of INVEST in UI based development
Multiple teams dependencies handling
What are the alternatives to Project Management? Is it Operations Management?
Prioritizing requirements in traditional vs. agile projects
How to put regular "post to facebook" tasks in MS-Project?
How to estimate when knowledge varies between team members?
How to model extended period of 'searching for product' tasks in MS-Project?
Best practice to register additional tasks
What could be potential harm of giving points to chores or technical debts?
Should we create multiple stories for same thing to be replicated at code level?
Velocity of the team
list of all project documents?
Activities to introduce new team members
How can a small web team maximize efficient use of time and prevent redoing work
Resource Planning Question
Should management review the scrum metrics of scrum teams?
QA time budgetting
Implementing agile with part time employees?
MS Project 2010 task calendar not working
How to estimate time for a project needing skills only a new hire has?
Scrum for (kind of) Application Support team?
Big 4 scrum consultant giving bad advice - correct or let fail?
How to manage large-scale research projects in a research center and measure performance?
Why are tasks split while updating plan?
Measuring code productivity between team members
Allocating more resource into task no impact on overall duration of project, Why?
How a newcomer PO could own the product if he does not have enough field knowledge yet?
Standard deviation in JIRA control chart what does it represent?
Correspondence register in Outlook
Alternatives to estimating in hours/story points
Best practice for tracking management activities
Using acceptance criteria and scenarios with BDD
What specific technology should I learn?
How to avoid training external consultants who hold a different agenda?
How many user stories per project?
Do deadlines exist in agile projects?
Agile methods for single person hardware development
A recursive quote/rule about underestimating tasks
Sizing user stories that need external input
Agile manifesto: People over processes?
Production bugs and epics in Jira
How to deal with scope creep overloading Dev Team?
JIRA - tempo how to set total number of hours a resource can commit?
How to pause task to complete another task
How to copy and paste a large number of tasks in the same project file?
Should bugs be estimated in story points?
Historical query results & date by which items entered scope (or fixVersion)
Project team is on Sprint 2, and no features/user stories have been done
How do you handle user stories that become obsolete/irrelevant?
Why a project manager isn't an entrepreneur?
Is it useful to require a priority justification in scrum user stories?
Long running story
Can Fixed Scope/Variable Timescale be Agile?
Actions to improve Scrum Restrospective
How would company management work as a set of products?
Who manages client communications for releases on Scrum team?
Scrum when each member has their own product
Is writing tests after development an example of extreme programming?
Is it possible to sort JIRA tickets in the Reports area?
How can I leverage JIRA ticket assignments to encourage group ownership, pairing, and swarming without bypassing other core functions?
Is it possible to have a Master "master project" in MSProj10- that is to have a subproject that has its own subprojects?
Master Project in MSProj10 moves the dates in the subprojects
Agile Artifacts
Diagram for mapping project dependencies or relationships
Toxic Retrospective in Agile Development
What is the framework "escape hatch" for a SAFe ART that is running down the wrong track?
Requirement gathering in agile
How to write recommendation documentation?
Does Microsoft TFS have all I need for Agile Project Management?
Cost management without time tracking in Scrum
Tracking Time Remaining with GitHub (ZenHub)
Why does management have to "buy into" Scrum?
JIRA - Story Points & Time Tracking
Allowing additions to a running sprint in Scrum
Is creating mock-ups a good idea when starting to develop a new project?
What is the best way to link the Business Cases to the user stories in Scrum?
A simple estimation accuracy formula that yield always 0-100?
Is there a good practice for TFS Stack Rank levels usage?
How can Scrum be *agile* if it enforces strict rules?
Who should attend Nexus Sprint Planning?
Can XP be done correctly without Pair Programming?
Is there a difference between the terms phase and sprint
Imposed deadlines in tandem with Agile transformation
Project costing & preparation
Automatically synchronize between Flowcharts (form of PERT charts) and Gantt charts?
Dedicating one day for support work per sprint
Cone of uncertainty - how could we delay commitment to estimates in real life?
What is 'overhead' in a research project budget?
How to link BCWP to a customized column I created for physical percent complete
Working with Freelancers
MS Project 2013: Can I avoid MSP auto-changing my assignment units to less than 100%?
Developer - QA - customer - production branching workflow
Splitting profit into members
How to complete many development phases within 2-week Sprints
If SAFe must be continuously calibrated and measured in ideal days, why does the framework say recalibration is unnecessary?
Is it possible to display Estimation Points for lanes in Active Sprint in JIRA?
How to deal with a client who does not respect PM practices, yet wants a PM?
What is meant by "inspect people" in Scrum retrospective guide?
Is using of the term "KPI" correct at process level?
How to track identical Agile/Scrum PBIs for multiple platforms not in sync?
Agile requirements tracking
Do you know what Level 1,2,3 start dates end dates refer to?
Give visibility to work being done by a subcontractor
When were Scrum "ceremonies" renamed "events"?
Why do Water-Scrum-Fall. What does it offer over Waterfall?
What format should I use for Product Backlog Items (PBIs) representing improvements to existing features?
Is it correct to create pre-release versions in Jira?
How to deal with difficult developer
How to keep a PRINCE2 project lean?
How to speed up a passed-the-deadline project while maintaining credibility?
Any suitable cost estimation approaches for ETL projects?
How to deal with customer (dis)satisfaction and formal agreements amidst large rotation in small teams?
Adding sub-tasks to stories in Confluence?
For a IT project that requires vendor involvement, would you manage the Procurement process separately from the actual System Implementation?
What does the Risk field mean in a User Story?
Difference between Incremental and Iterative development (Not Agile)
Timeline for Project
Jira - How to name a Jira release
How to respond to too much work in too little time from the customer?
Reduce amount of required hotfixes without technical knowledge
Use cases for read-only screen
Time-budget tracking monitoring for PM and client
Team needs a lot of time to deliver even the simplest stories- how to know why?
Task update approvals on a PWA Timesheet automatically changes MS Project duration on task and overall finish date for Project
Machine learning in Requirement change management
Lean Startup - Which measurement-methods are there?
Application Conversion
Agile in a volatile environment?
Can one developer work on two different projects (and in effect, two different backlogs) in a single Sprint? Any Agile recommendations on this?
How to work with estimated end dates in MS Project?
How are user stories and tasks managed in Scrum
Best practice for tracking merging hotfixes
How to solve the project network diagram
Is the “definition of done” required in Scrum?
Should all team members be expected to do the same amount of overtime?
Team refusing the help of the agile coach
Problem adding resources in MS Project
Searching for issues closed after their respective due dates
How to make the Product Owner realize that he doesn't put focus on the right customer at all?
On Scrum, should tasks waiting for a specific criteria to be met considered 'to do' or 'blocked'?
Should we assign work to individual team members in Kanban?
Prince2 - team member on leave
Should a technical person take part of the user stories prioritization process?
How to Kick off a Task with just 1 predecessor complete
Iron triangle question..how could extended scope only be mitigated by time?
How can I know if my app is ready for beta release?
How to keep track of finished tasks vs deployed tasks in JIRA?
Cycle Time - Story vs Task?
Is it possible to give accurate estimates and planning without tracking time for tasks?
Professional Scrum Master vs Certified ScrumMaster® (CSM)
To what framework do "User Stories" belong?
One Kaban or five Kanbans? My manager would like to implement Kanban to get better visibility on what his five teams do
What's a good diagram time to model systems that are time dependant
How do I implement Scrum Organization-wide in a lightweight Startup?
Should we create an Epic for tech-debts
What is the difference between a project manager and a principal agent in construction
What work items would look like related to support for a solution in production already?
How to track a new employee's activities in scrum template on TFS?
Should workarounds pass by the Perform Integrated Change Control process?
Regarding best practices of Scrum are there any "best weekday" to start/end Sprints?
Are there any alternatives to Agile Software Development?
Dev team's role in configuring Jira
Is it worth for a Team Lead to study PGDPM in distance Education?
Task Approval before Publishing
How to improve (or to call attention to) the business value of technical needs?
Product backlog/s definition
See TFS Scrum Tools using only PBI and Bugs only?
How to plan 2 week sprints, when each story completed will generate multiple stories
What are the benefits of queuing tasks as opposed to assigning them?
How handle the change in baseline story
A PMI/PMP Requirements Questions
Modelling a virtual team who is part of different products
How to be an honest and good project coordinator in a corrupt and dishonest work environment?
How to list Non-functional requirments when listing functional requirements
How to deal with delay beween development and deploy
Work preparation as a task for upcoming sprint?
How can I measure team capacity in Kanban?
In which skills a Agile Coach differs from a Scrum Master?
How do you respond to Out of Scope requests?
How to implement Scrum method in a 2-individuals team?
How to communicate/word cost ranges?
Dealing with external departments when changing to continous delivery / smaller feature scope
How to deal with clients' resistance to smaller deliveries?
Project Manager cancel or move daily stand-up without notice if he has conflicting meetings
How to get a correct duration in MS Project?
Is it possible to control a project without start date and durations?
How to improve the workflow in laboratory
CRM development by multiple teams
In Microsoft Project how to get change in resource max units to cascade to tasks automatically
When will waterfall development model cycle phase end?
In an agile project is it ok to change the requirements of the sprint in the middle of the sprint?
What are the tasks of a Quality Assurance track in a software procurement, implementation and upgrade project
What is a good target peer code review rate?
Should we encourage a team member adding a feature on his own?
Changes to SOW through Amendments
When faced with a back of the envelope type question in a PM interview, is there a standard of accuracy that is expected?
QA Code freeze and setting the expected delivery timeline
Is alignment of scrum retrospectives with Change Management possible?
How to measure bug incidence in Production?
MS Project 2010 - Create project from a set of variables
Activity on Arrow diagram: simplification allowed when sequence is predecessor of next node
Calculate Sprint Backlog Changing Rate
How to organize a 6-month project plan for agile?
How should I control a programming project's progress?
How to bring to the surface dysfunction in a scrum master cop
Using the Stacey matrix to capture agile metrics
What are the reasons that silos emerge within large corporations?
How to calculate the completion percentage relation by start and finish dates
Methods to improve daily scrum / standup
How to provide traditional upper management early analyses in an agile project?
What exactly is information change?
Do you write a user story for a development task?
Team members profile
I need to adapt some kind of system to my work and work of my team
How to handle scrum team member that is never at his desk
Is it really always bad to have MS Outlook as primary collab system?
How to track milestones shared between several repositories?
Project baseline and software development lifecycle
How to handle client's unrealistic testing results
When should I raise risk with stakeholder
How to avoid dilution of responsibility?
MS-Project historical timeline
How to draw gantt chart if we have been given activities and effort in person-months?
How to surface P.O. dysfunction in a retro
Dashboard question on microsoft project
Resource planning and monitoring for multiple projects and teams
WBS and Project management
How can I encourage remote employees to ask for help?
How open source projects work without project manager?
What can I say is the ROI of this AdWords account?
Different workflows on one kanban board
WBS Common Work/Deliverable
When working closely with sales, does storypoints still make sense vs time estimations
Is it a testers responsibility to gather requirements from the client & create a scope document?
What is the evidence supporting the PMBOK practices?
How to create a "smart" checklist in excel or google sheets?
Is creating a task to write many stories appropriate?
What is the difference between the terms "grooming" and "refinement" of the product backlog in scrum methodology?
Is cost management part of Project Management?
Risk register vs risk report
WBS and Project Planning
Name of the Project lifecycle without full lifecycle
How should a Software Tester deal with missed Defects/bugs in Production?
Should the Product Owner (PO) or Software Engineer Own the Feature Item?
Can the Scrum Master groom the Sprint Backlog?
How to fill my day as a Scrum Master?
How to investigate who don’t like my product and why not like it?
Product backlog items must be estimated in story points?
How to show slippage in MS Project 2016?
Handle stories which can not be estimated
Ms project - assign different resources with different schedules to a task
Under what circumstances should a software vendor be allowed to increase charges due to unforeseen complexity?
How do I identify critical path in MS Project?
What is an Agile "Reflection?"
Best Project Management certification for international career
Managing product versions in Confluence with PRDs
How to handle issues with multiple project managers giving inputs to single developer?
What are the differences between a project assistant, manager, and secretary?
How to report potential benefits in an Agile delivery to a PMO expecting a fully realised benefits report for the year?
Questions about moving from JIRA to VSTS Agile
Does Scrum (or something Scrumish) make sense to manage projects for my team?
WBS and agile approach
Finding a to-do app to track a particular set of daily tasks given to the team
How to build up a Gantt chart?
Scrum Retrospective during holiday season
How do you manage resources in an agile approach with PMI
Tracking resource allocation across multiple projects - GitHub?
How to represent an iterative sprint within your schedule list
How do you deal with external customers in agile projects
Should I assign user stories per team or per team member?
What techniques do you use to establish scope in agile
Scrum Master being made to manage
Multi Project Management Dashboard
When does throwing in people to meet a Project's Scope or Time constraints ever work?
Good approach to group different project stories in same sprints
how to estimate multiple stories with less complexity?
Where is the place for project managers in agile
Does Scrum makes sense for 12 members in a Development Team?
CPI value at project closure
How can I create a task for two developers to support testing?
Sprint planning, review: velocity,capacity, forecast and how this values relate?
How to allow a user to access one project in JIRA?
During a Sprint, a DevTeam determines that it will not be able to finish the complete forecast. Who should review and adjust the Sprint work selected?
What evidence can I provide to my manager that changing the names of Scrum roles and artifacts is a bad idea?
Scrum of Scrum of Scrums
Any good lesson on how to grow Project Managers?
What type of estimation is applicable if work items can't be similarly sized because they will violate MMF
How to sync work in small software team
Different Releases in the same Jira Kanban board?
Schedule for a 10 day Sprint in Scrum
Which role is the equivalent to the Product Owner in DSDM AgilePM?
Would Scrum work for us, even without fully automated CI?
Story points for "end-of-sprint task" items?
What is needed to become a robotic team/startup leader?
How important is it for a Scrum/Agile Team to understand the role of their Scrum Master
Metrics to measure teamwork / team spirit
How to spot low/high performers within team
How can you represent a task which only takes place at specific days on MS Project?
Git "trunk"/"releases" by customer by product
Strategy to manage and organize Contractor's Work and change requests
Benchmarking robotic systems
How can you avoid to over-talk topics and just keep the workflow going?
Should User Stories be divided if they're not Done and the Sprint is almost over?
How to deal with hotfixes keeping the scrum methodology
How can I show a list of all tasks without incomplete predecessors in Microsoft Project?
How to use historical cycle time to forecast project completion
Should we limit who can submit stories in Scrum?
Agile control charts in JIRA - exclude working hours
What is the term for actual delivery time will be varied by 4 times from estimation?
Displaying logarithmic Gantt or Minute-long tasks for event coordination
How can ITIL Change Management adapt to work with iterative frameworks and the Agile values?
Calc days based on Start and Finish date - MS project
Estimating Fixed Price Project Cost Payments via Monthly Milestones
How can we know that implementing SAFe results in profits for the company?
At what Work Item level does the Product Owner prioritize in TFS?
Printing Gantt charts
Software Dev Team; Managing Task Across Multiple Projects in a Manufacturing Plant with no Deadlines or Set Features?
MS Project - Predecessor 'or'
Is it common to conduct technical test for project manager (IT projects) interview?
How to choose responsible for implementing decision in self-organizing team?
Can one person be Scrum Master inside two project at the same time?
Can Prince2 include a scrum?
What should we do if there are not enough PBIs to fill a final Sprint in Scrum?
How can we register the technical debt in Scrum?
Could the Product Owner be a user of a user story in Scrum?
Two clients, one team, should we still have the standups together?
Is the product owner responsible to make long-term estimations about PBI in Scrum?
What is part of the Customer Relations team in Scrum@Scale
What to do with a PO who manages, directs and controls the team
How to set quarterly goals for an unknown amount of work?
How do you combine Waterfall with Kanban?
Should I calculate ROI as Benefits/Costs or Gains-Investment/Investment? Which is rather correct?
How much time should be given for investigating bugs/user stories for a sizing session
How to address the "definition of done" in Scrum?
How to manage technical conflict between Product Owner and developers?
Workshops/methods for increasing team autonomy?
Beginner's book for Program Monitoring and Evaluation
Beginner Resources
Difference between Scrum Master and Agile Delivery Manager
Could stories be always independent?
Are there techniques for gamification of hours estimation?
How should we implement and keep track of recurring or intangible retrospective action items?
Is Team member sharing possible in Scrum during a Sprint?
What can I constructively say when looking at the Sprint Burndown
Customer is unable to plan his next month requests
How to break down a product or organization in feature teams
Scheduling for Calendar Time when availability is variable?
MS Project, add hours directly in resource usage
Legally Advisable to Give Copy of Project Plan and Systems Design to Stakeholders? Software Copyright Laws
Is there a standard job title for someone who does project admin without making important decisions?
In a data-driven startup, what should we *not* A/B test?
How do you use kanban in an environment that requires a ton of waiting?
I want to create a summary task without indenting the subtasks
How to break down an 8 point story into smaller stories in Scrum?
Use Case: Postcondition vs Expected Outcome
Viewing all of my open tasks in Jira
What is the difference between Business/Management Consultant and Project Manager?
In scrum, does it ever make sense to hire a product owner?
MS-Project 2016: Sort does not work
Change manually to auto schedule
How to schedule back and front-end developers based on story points?
Is a good Scrum practice to meassure the developer team by the story points completed at the end of the sprint?
What Scrum especify when the time of the sprint planning is exhausted before you finish with all task?
PMI: Responsibility for Scope Management
PM techniques/tools for fixed-price 6 month client project
How to motivate high performers in team?
Are all the scrum ceremonies included in the sprint timebox in Scrum?
What to do when capacity is reduced in the middle of the Sprint? (e.g. Sick Leave)
I need project management experience to get into a project management role but no one will hire me. Can anyone help?
Requirement conflict b/w Product and Engineering team?
Best practice for Service Acceptance criteria in User Story format?
Small team in large team, using two boards in JIRA
Difference between project-oriented deliverable and product oriented deliverable
Can I break down a vertical story into horizontal tasks?
Requirement gathering cut off when the time for requirement collection is too long
How to define out of scope for dependent function?
What to do with unexpectedly blocked story in scrum?
MSProject show main resource on Summary tasks
Prince2 Business Options and the Contents of a Detailed Business Case
Is it fine to correct an estimation of a story during execution?
What Does "Commitment" Look Like with Agile Projects?
Does project manager(PM) have any role to play in large-scale projects developed under Scrum framework?
Which is a best suitable agile methodology for ongoing products?
How to negotiate a software proposal?
Can you change the end date of a sprint?
Hot swapping stories
Should we start a sprint review with no business value stories in Scrum?
PO likes to organise refinements during the Daily Scrum - therefore hanging the time/place of the daily
Earning Respect of Team Members When I Know Very Little About the Topic?
Is it possible to remove Stories during a Sprint in Scrum?
Best method to conduct retrospective meeting for a MVP?
Is it necessary for the whole team to participate in the Sprint Review in Scrum?
Organizing Scrum team around microservices
What is the origin of the term "Product Owner" in Scrum?
How to handle large R&D projects using Scrum (or any other agile framework)
Change of business focus after a sprint has started
Optimal seating arrangements for scrum team
Product Owner is requesting a "confidence check" for reaching the MVP - How to in a Scrum project?
Managing large lists of acronyms and terms
Managers pulling up team members individually
Is "rolling-wave planning" catered for in PRINCE2?
Why does the graphic indicator not show for milestone task?
Can organizational trainings (Classroom and Web-based) be considered for Continuing Certification Requirements (CCR) of PMP?
How will handle the user story as part of change request ?
Is it fine to pick stories in the current sprint which have external dependency?
Agile - How to increase engagement of team members in the planning meeting?
Business days calculation for the sprint
Is it possible to be agile with a highly technical project?
What are the best ways to gain knowledge and become a subject matter expert in a new product
How to start Data Warehouse project in agile projects when client ask just some reports?
DevOps and support organization
In Agile, what do you call the costs of building infrastructure for the first release?
Need help- Documentation for non-technical people using Agile
How to utilize resources effectively in cross-functional scrum teams?
How to Handle a Funding Overrun on a Time and Materials (T&M) Contract
should we repeat the details in user story of similar feature?
Referencing Business Requirements Document (high level reqs) with Build Backlog (low level reqs)
How to avoid contention in resource management when delivery managers can access availability?
How to run an effective agile team within a rules based organisation
MS Project 2013: Summary task not showing duration correctly
Auto populate project level Priority field based on lookup to Excel file table
How do I begin scoping a project I have little knowledge of?
How to tell my project sponsor that few of the requirements cannot be met
When is it appropriate for a Scrum Master to raise low performance of team members to management?
How to make identical changes to multiple sub project files
Writing Better Milestone/Touchpoint Follow-Up Emails
Why does PRINCE2 specify that the project manager and executive roles cannot be combined?
ConsolidateProjects Method: how can I import Sub Project Summary task Custom field contents?
How to Import Resource Availability from Excel when it varies by month
Should a change request impact original user story?
How to deal with client's staff that says "this will be easy"
What to do with a Product Owner who is not able to understand the role
How to do L1, L2, L3 effort estimation for Applications Support
How to involve the whole team in setting quarterly objectives (OKRs)?
If you measure requirement volatility, how do you handle inconsistent requirement size?
iOS / Android project organization to avoid duplicates
MS Project - Multi-year Inflation
Planning a sprint after reduced team strength
What should a lean/agile curriculum contain?
How will handle multiple users in a user story
How to implement Epics on Gitlab without Enterprise Edition?
Applying Agile Methodologies to Open Source Volunteer projects?
About the claim that adding more developers to a team does not make delivery faster
Measuring team capacity for upcoming sprint on a Scrum Team
How to manage framework changes?
What should a UI designer know and how to deliver this knowledge to him?
How to avoid the planning fallacy?
SAFe, are developers required to gather their own requirements?
How to track Incomplete acceptance criteria in JIRA
JIRA - Use incoming emails to create tickets
How to deal with huge data selection requirement
Is there a way to search Project tags in Azure DevOps
Shared resources in the Spotify model
Understanding Azure devops burndown
What is the proper way to add/represent development tasks (like refacturing) to a sprint?
DPO without multiplying by number of units?
Do companies normally develop projects solely through reverse engineering?
Non-Committal Team Member
Who to pitch my product for placement in their store?
ProjectLibre: One person two tasks at the same time
Delays in projects - what is normal on IT implementations?
MS Project burndown for outline level
Project budgeting by financial year vs lifetime?
Sprint ceremonies getting faster - should we revert?
How to split or manage a PBI/User Story in multiple sprints for different task types
Printing specific date range in ms project 2016
Development solution rushed prior to agreement on requirements - is this a healthy project management?
How to deal with a team that fails to complete a task?
Creating feature teams when technical teams are still technically immature
Is it OK to defer implementation detail and consider user story to be done?
Are consultants paid for abandoning project?
MS Project 2016 updating Actual Cost figures for Cost Resources that are set to accrue at the end of the task
How to assess "We do scrum" on a job interview?
How to write a summary for a user story?
importance of long list of risks
What kind of backlog review is this?
What is Scrum at scale?
Who starts the daily scrum meeting?
User documentation and technical writer in Scrum
EOT and LOT vs EET and LET
how to manage two teams with different views on a problem
How can I measure the effective team work per iteration?
How to handle real world sprint failures?
How to get people on board with Scrum/agile?
How do I filter out issues that are in the backlog?
T-shaped agile teams, great in theory, impractical in practice?
Is a company with Tech Leads a matrix organization?
How many activities per week should I be doing with my scrum team?
Which columns exist on your task board?
How to name written data that it will likely be used later in the project?
Time Logs for Project Manager
Difference between Project and Process
Agile Release Planning
Kanban: How can I handle column limits when some members work at night?
Architecture task as sprint issues
Agile user story's task estimation
Working and non working days
Why is my team doing so well?
What beginner project management software use?
Is money for reward and recognition set aside by PM during Cost Planning?
Determine to which task a resource is allocated on a particular day
Tracking and closing actions being addressed by other working groups
What should a scrum team do if they complete work earlier than expected?
Forming a composite scrum team with multiple vendors
Tracking hours for Managers/Scrum Master
What tools or processes help you to keep the bigger picture in mind?
MS Project - Summary Task split by leveling
questions around "standups" for remote team
team building activities for remote team
When does a Scrum Team assign story points to the stories in the Scrum methodology?
Leveling; getting unexpected results
Tracking Gantt Chart Not Showing All Tasks
Sharing a file without them being able to edit the main file
Do PMs get paid less for in-house apps compared to public-facing ones?
Does SAFe yields better long term results than traditional Agile
Which risks to expect when managing different vendors on a client assignment?
Is system 'logging' captured in user stories or are they part of implementation detail?
Should impact on schedule because of scope change be reported as delay?
Vendor testing delay hitting timelines
Billing customers from JIRA - is that possible?
Moving backlog items into Sprint
Report in MS Project (Hr/task/resource)
Ample free time
How to maintain a spec for a large complex project with repetitive patterns?
Enterprise Mobile-first multi-team-product organization
What is different between Signal Event and Message Event in BPMN?
Best way to report impact of accepting additional work in scope?
Work days and Duration does not match
How to correctly define tasks in a user story? And can you split the tasks between sprints?
How can story points be "non linear" in relative size
Agile ("Scrum") "Metrics" Question
Autosave: How to prevent it being re-enabled with each new session
Automation: trigger a set of tickets
Can the Definition of Done be overriden or changed?
Timeline for outsourced software development
What magnets for a glass whiteboard?
Which Document need to be created first by a Business Analyst? Scope Document or Business Requirement Document(BRD)?
I've been doing Agile for years in various organisations, but I still don't feel like we're doing it right?
What is the difference between the project manager and business analyst role?
Specifications in spreadsheets vs. stories in JIRA
Does Project Charter change when the Project manager changes?
Please advise on my experience for the final month of a project closing
Daily Scrum development member taking too much time
How should a Scrum Master deal with an angry stakeholder during a PO meeting?
What is requirement gathering method in project management?
What kind of a dependency that between these customer and project manager?
I Need Help Quantifying Risk of Behavioral Variables
PMP application but did only one project as a lead and one solo project
2000 hrs a year as project management experience in application
Resource-Task table in MS Project
What projects should get scored, and which should not?
Product Owner in different time zone from scrum team
Putting zero hours under a process for a PMI application
Daily standup vs. Micro-management
How to add dynamic date footer to project print-out?
Agile: Can Epics be time-based rather than feature-based?
Duration vs Work...Resource Overallocation Errors
Ms project - Avoid task split up in minutes
Patent Application Development Artifacts
Beginner certification to enter into project management
In Kanban, when do you pull a card into your PM analysis column?
Requirements vs User stories
Should we demo bug fixes in sprint demos?
How can I show short tasks (less than 8 hours) in a JIRA Gantt chart?
How to deal with non negotiable change
Add columns in master project from external project tasks
How to convince business team why software development IDE licensing is important?
Web development project management through Jira Software
How to make Agile and Waterfall work together
Project Management department organisation in large company - How to integrate skill silos?
Effective Manager drills
How to structure estimation requests when there is a middle-man
Kanban or Scrum for tough deadline project?
Azure Board (DevOps) Reports
Should a Product Owner start testing while an item is in code review
What is the difference between scope creep and scope gap?
Sharing important information effectively in an small group
MS Project - Link multiple columns to the Resource Sheet
SCRUM and Nexus Frameworks - 1 Team with multiple projects
Are all nodes in Activity-on-Arrow diagrams milestones?
How to share with a link to a viewer with stakeholders
Should we add more items to sprint backlog if there is items that are not completed
Is QA stage mandatory to be included into user story cycle?
How to treat users stories which were almost completed at the previous sprint?
Sprints Starting Mid-Week in Scrum
Demo in Sprint Review
Should we arrange multiple agile sub-teams along customer groups or along software components?
Change task distribution with % completed
What's the name of Knowledge sharing activity within scrum metodology
Pair Programming and Display on an IMAX
Advisable scrum columns for software projects
Reflecting external dependencies
We work with fixed scope, price and time - why should we use Story points?
Multiple Web Projects - One or many Product Backlogs?
MS Project Change Working Time - Roster
How to handle when planned work is blocked and a developer has capacity to take on a new user story that may be too big
How to handle project that (I think) not using any framework or has unclear workflow?
Microsoft Project IIF (immediate if) limitations
Create MS Project report which to return incomplete tasks per user with due date
Carrying items over from one sprint to the next
Asana and requirements management
Is a mid sprint check-in/catch-up a good idea
Sprint board critique
Leveling Algorithm appears to be taking Total Slack into account when it should not. Why?
How to warn if blocking tickets are not in a sprint
Different notation of earned value chart
Adding test cases to user stories (Backlog items) before the sizing session
Start and End node in Critical Path Calculation
How to write a user story involving artistic work?
Scrum for SDK development - split stories horizontally?
Is Scrum framework or methodology?
What decision should I take regarding a team of front-end developers which delivers unstable releases
Should all team members be assigned user stories?
Advice on Agile team structure
Project Online - Enterprise Custom Field Not Calculating Formula Correctly?
I'm looking for the name of a spiral chart type used in Scrum
Technical Spec: Is more detail help or hindrance?
Lingua franca for technical stories
Writing stories for SAP
Project Management templates - Official standards across industry
Standup Frequency & Content for Kanban
Task estimation for PMs who are not developers
In Scrum, how to handle a functionality that could be used by more than one feature?
Should employees be allowed to vote for or against a feature request
How to improve team motivation with minimal wage increment but fair performance ratings?
How to update some Key information from another Project
Terminology for time before a ticket is raised and time after a ticket is completed
How to track student's progress remotely?
What metrics should be used for tracking the quality of research project?
Scrum Team delivery without hitting commitment
The SWOT analysis is applied to the company or to every decision alternative?
What to do with work not on the board?
New IT project documentation
How to manage a multidisciplinary project/company?
Assign Resources Automatically in the Most Efficient Manner
What are the differences/similarities between a project manager and a functional manager?
Is it wrong to put all projects in one VSTS project and then create nested epics
User Story versus Task in Jira
How to include front end developers and QA into the estimation process?
Should I word backlog items as what's broken or what work needs to be done?
Story Points flaw?
how to differentiate between epic and story for an already existing software?
Does every Scrum story need to be completed at the end of the sprint?
Large group retrospective format
Project scope increases rapidly and affects team
Sprint demo feedback
Order JIRA filter by position of the tasks in the backlog
What if you do not believe in the project benefits?
Do bugs from previous Sprints need to be estimated?
How to arrive at a project plan for migrating a legacy web application to ReactJS based application
If we can’t finish all tasks, does this mean we are doing Scrum wrong?
What can I do when I can't adjust scope, resources, or schedule and a team member wants a raise?
How do you keep documentation on long-term project?
Where does documentation like business and software requirement spec docs fit in an agile project?
Is it a possible to add a stakeholder to an impact map?
Is a scrum master expected to train the PO from the ground up?
Sprint is 2 week and 40-stories
Factors that determine a project's health
In jira, am I approaching kanban wrong?
As a Scrum Master, how to handle management expectations on delivering story points?
How to estimate a Research and Development project?
How to apply Scrum on multiple small projects for an advertising agency?
How do I capture business workflow in a user story?
How to add new task below the currently selected task
Why does the burndown chart include weekends and nights?
SCRUM - Sizing in sprint. Do I need to use story points in a sprint if the duration of the project phase itself is only 3-4 months?
What metrics can we generate from t-shirt sizes (rather than story points) when estimating user stories?
Appropriate Structure to Manage Diverse IT Sustainment & Development Projects?
User story sign off in daily standup
Slicing User Stories
How do I frame epics?
Microsoft Project 2013 - Auto leveling according to Resource Availability
How to solve a code challenge from a manager perspective
How to identify optimum story points for user stories
Avoiding vendor lock-in with few vendors available
How to use Scrum in DSDM?
Is focusing on one project beneficial even when project priorities can't be quantified?
Prioritization in Agile
Detect undiscovered user stories
Velocity calculation based on number of user stories completed in a sprint
Which development method to choose - Test-Driven or Behaviour Driven Development
When to know I'm ready to start developing
Work agile with a very small team
How to make the correct requirement document with regards to agile & scrum?
Add Landmarks lag or date based on project start date
Management of an infrastructure team
Different methodologies for Project Management and Software Development
How to effectively implement Scrum for a small project (max duration 6 months) with defined project deadlines?
Issue found while testing but scenario not mentioned in acceptance criteria
How to motivate and measure high performance of team as new manager?
ms project - delay a task due to unaviability of 1 resource
What approach is is the most suitable for describing system entities and their relations?
Can I query for "date added to @currentiteration" in TFS?
Should activities before kick-off meeting be represented in a Schedule Plan
Is there a relationship between technical debt and velocity?
If Velocity should not be used for future estimations, what is it good for?
How to set dependencies in TeamWork app to cascade delays in one task into dates of other tasks?
How to divide a generic resource?
Necessity to micro manage off shore developers
Rotating-schedule calendar
User Story breakdown - Technical Task + User Feature
What is the difference between ABCD analysis and Eisenhower method?
Scope creep and out of scope
How to count the amount of times a JIRA issue has been in a specific state?
How to manage long-term software quality requirements?
Finish date not calculating correctly
How to increase the deployment frequency having to cope with a lot of processes?
Does SDLC process can be applied to Kanban columns?
Need help for sprint planning when tasks are not done in previous sprint
How to work with sprints having to provide support to unplanned issues?
How can a Product Owner measure items of competing priority in quantitative form?
What questions can a Scrum Master ask during Sprint Grooming
Separation of multi-team project into several projects
Multiple predecessors
Difference between sprint backlog and sprint goal?
How to plan for variable workload for a given task and resource?
Should dev oncall fix P1 issues?
What is ""action-oriented" WBS Item?
Issues with team, management and clients to run a proper scrum team
Parallel Sprints Use case
Lean Kanban without estimates or time logging
How to structure backlog and ceremonies around a team with separate skillsets working from a backlog which is not directly connected
What does a QA team do during the development phase of a sprint in Agile Scrum?
How technical should a Scrum Master be to effectively remove impediments?
How to refer to functional requirement specifications (FRS) from user stories?
What factors can affect the priority of a task?
Guidelines to write sub tasks of user stories
What's the name for the issue where a customer cannot articulate his/her requirements before seeing the finished software?
How can the team improve the likelihood of completing each increment?
How to motivate offshore teams and trust them to deliver?
MS Project resource graph across multiple projects
What is the different between Application Management and Configuration Management in ITIL v3?
How to implement TFB / NFC / 1 (Sprint) estimation technique?
In Scrum, what should we do with partly-completed work started at the end of a Sprint?
How is the management external to the Scrum Team involved in the Daily Scrum?
A Scrum Master is working with a Development Team that has members in different physical locations
The IT manager asks Development team for a status report describing the progress throughout the Sprint
During a Sprint Retrospective, the Development team proposes moving the Daily scrum to only occur specific days. Not daily
Kanban - Simple Backlog Forecasting?
Selecting user stories during sprint planning
What can be done about a task with a tight deadline and no analysis?
Can you explain what "processes and tools" means in the first Agile principle?
Understanding the relationship between Product Release Plan, MVP, and Roadmap in an Agile environment?
What is the ongoing value of the Kanban board to the developers as opposed to management
When to process feedback on the deliverable of the last iteration?
Confused by PERT Question
How should be best discussed bug between team/scrum master/PO
Issues with multiple unrelated projects on the same kanban backlog
Should the Product Owner dictate what info the UI needs to display?
How does a Portfolio Kanban look like?
What is the best way to manage features decomposition in scrum?
Prevent hourly tasks spanning days
When/why would a Sprint ever need to be extended?
How will team changes impact velocity of a Scrum project?
Does velocity change if the storypoints are changed in the particular sprint?
JIRA query to find all issues where acceptance criteria is less than 20 characters
Extend Sprints or take the renaming tasks to a new Sprint?
How to structure standup for a large team?
How do you get your users to "own" their cards and adopt Agile as a whole?
Agile Estimation - How to estimate for bugs?
(Hypothetical) During a Sprint Retrospective, the Development team proposes moving the Daily scrum to twice daily
How to calculate earned value (EV) in this example?
Can pair programming work under Scrum iterations
Can code base metrics be used for budgeting for software engineering or code maintenance?
How best can I handle/warn about a Sprint's spill-over?
When is user stories estimation supposed to take place?
Stories in test at end of sprint
Highest level Summary's "% Complete" not updating when future Summary and Tasks are added
Multiple people working on the same new open source project and chaos
Are Scrum build and test phases separate?
How to shape the demand with Kanban?
Startup - is it time to split into two teams?
Allocating the same resource for different months for the project
How to add new state to user story azure devops
Where can I find PSM resources outside of the Scrum Guide?
Is it a bad idea to include a complex payment mechanism to the product development process for a beta app?
Who or what role is the owner of the agile workflow and the workflow tool (e.g. Jira)
Who should manage a project that is used to build a product?
Not sure what value the Scrum Master role adds over a long period of time?
Microsoft Project 2019 - problem allocating resources to tasks outside their calendar working hours
Scrum on constantly shifting projects, team structure and unknown code
User story decomposition into frontend and backend
Is there a way to embed Excel charts on confluence?
How can I organize a more engaging Sprint Retrospective?
Measuring performance in kanban
Azure DevOps - how to know a Resolved work item is actviely being tested (vs. in the queue)
What could be my risk mitigation strategies if my client wants to contract UAT?
When we are calculating the cost for implementing a new web application, should we have separate cost for providing the source code to the client
What's difference between "depends on" and "is blocked by" relations between issues in Jira next-gen board?
How can we track Business as Usual (BAU) work?
Why does MS Project allow for a 2 day duration task with 8 hours of work and a resource at 100% units?
The roles understanding in the agile development / Is the PO always right?
Key Results for usage of data in decision making
Why is the word "business" used in business rules?
Has the Daily Scrum be held every day of the sprint?
Microsoft Project - how to calculate start dates based on a set time from the finish date?
What are some best practices for deploying bug fixes to multiple code bases?
Is there an official word for the pre-Agile "just do whatever" methodology?
Tips for achieving ideal burn chart
Is it possible to be agile during steps prior to implementation like sales and product discovery?
Does agile really promote a better work environment?
Reducing Spill Overs
How do I Create Custom Drop down that allows multiple selections (like resource selection works)
Why are sticky notes used in sprint retrospective meetings?
Technique and tools to organize projects in a company
How to measure the productivity of a product owner in the scrum development framework?
Should we estimate business users' availability for an agile project?
Some of the epics are shown on the active Sprint view, I'm not able to remove them
How to calculate project finish date with fixed work and different date of resource availability
What is "Product" with regards to internal development and use
How to manage development tasks and bugs/issues in a small fully-remote development team?
Using Scrum for test development for a constantly changing product
Jira how to show a report of user stories without tasks?
Scrum Master role: Reporting?
How can the Backlog Item's Effort field be auto calculated in Azure DevOps?
Mark user stories as not possbile/plausible
How to update time tracking on Monday.com based on entries in Harvest
How to Create a Custom "Look Ahead" Field Formula?
Trigger an applause when a Jira story is done
Fix task time of day (Trip planning with MS Project)
How to collect stakeholder feedback on prioritizing features?
Scrum task estimation methodologies
Work resources that don't influence the duration of the task
How to handle a large and ambiguous requirement with a fixed timeline/deadline (9 months to deliver)
Resistance to change from senior manager
Project Management and People Management
Optimal workflow for a small web development team
Getting competitor's screenshots
How can you estimate a spike story?
WIP Limits broken by low-priority Stories - What to do?
I have an mobile app as a product. Do I create 2 projects in JIRA for iOS and Android?
PMP certification without having served in a management position
MS Project: Sub-tasks causing unexpected 'Late Start'
Is it more effective to create a Trello board for each new sprint or have one long-lived sprint board?
Display in the Details View --> Task Form: Sorting Predecessors by Task ID, not alphabetically
Prince2: Can the Executive have the role as Project Assurance?
How to plan for bugs, looking for advice
How to move towards Scrum when we don't really seem to be able to fit into 'The Scrum Guide'?
Why does my duration = calendar days for a 5 day work week?
Did i input the correct ACWP, BCWS and BCWP values? [EVMS]
Correct Work Item Hierarchy in Azure Dev Ops
What are some popular methods to whitelist users for applications
An agile approach with a waterfall delivery and the QA impact
Why are my calculated spans slightly less than my durations? [MS Project]
How to add new activities from the contract modifications into Schedule
Designing Project Intake & Qualification Process
Principles of modern quality management and their repercussions
Why do all the teams that I have worked with always finish a sprint without completion of all the stories?
Evaluation of COTS Applications
Should test phones be taken home or kept in the office?
RFI response form asks for "Assumptions" as just a single money amount
Burndown Chart Ideal/Projection
What do you do if developer takes on a task that was intended for you and he can't finish it in time?
What are the Time-Boxes in Large-Scale Scrum (LeSS) Product Backlog Refinements (PBR) session?
How far should you vertically slice?
Priority vs Business Value
In our Kanban system how do we stop epics spawning endless stories
Who should write Acceptance Criteria in a project delivered using Scrum Methodology
I have a resource who will work all day Tuesday, Wednesday & Thursday and a Friday morning every week, Can I set him up as one calendar entry?
How several teams should work on one product using Scrum?
Is there a terminology for projects spanning across multiple time zones?
How to determine the human resources I need given financial and operational constraints?
How can I see 'next available' tasks in MS Project?
SRS for project with multiple sub modules
Epic versus Sprint?
How to handle hand-outs from one jira project to another?
how to create branch based project timelines
Gantt chart that automatically distributes hours across multiple concurrent tasks, and automatically rolls over unprogressed tasks
How long will it take for epics and stories to exit our Kanban system
Use one Story Map for planning two different solutions of one process
Why is customer churn rate calculated in relation to users at the beginning of a period, not people at beginning plus acquired?
How to share MS Project macro?
Analogues of a time-management concept called “Progressive JPEG Method” in Russian Internet?
Inter team dependencies in one story
How to define Budget in Project Charter when Cost is unknown?
Does a user story need to be small and why, when using Kanban
How can I make availability of team members visible to everyone?
How to detect in recruitment, engineers that are not self-organized
Button to run macro in MS Project available for all users
Macro to run on projects
Should single user story contain estimations for each involved guild in full-stack development team
Is getting a Scrum Master Accredited Certification at Scrum Institute worth it?
How to inspire team member to do project task effectively while they are busy with their daily task?
Jira Issues "Not for customer" . How does Jira deal with them in evaluations (time and effort)?
MS Project 2016 dashboard
What are your recommended Udemy lessons to take under Agile and Scrum (and worth the cost)?
Should we finalize the user story or UI design first?
How to manage a developer with poor work ethics
How can I calculate how many developers do I need and how long it takes to complete the project?
What to do when no more financing is available for a project in PMI
When choosing the largest and smallest stories in a backlog for estimation how does it impact each sprint?
How do you agree with a client for a deliverable version (definition of done) on a big project
Story acceptance vs. ability to have potentially deliverable SW ready at sprint end
Correctly Calculate Cost Based on Units Percentage
Is it proper for a kanban board (process) to involve several teams or just one?
How to handle last minute misleading requirement and/or dissatisfaction
Last minute changes by the client
User story checklist
How to implement Agile in Data Support
How to structure a BI team in agile/scrum
Is it better to deliver many low-value stories or few high-value stories?
Only stories are showing in board in JIRA. I want all Epics, Stories, Tasks, Sub-taks to see in board
How can we decide if a story is a feature or just an internal change?
How to generate a portfolio milestones roadmap with Project server
How to create JIRA Kanban based on ticket/card reporter?
How can we persuade team members to estimate in story points instead of hours?
How to jump issue sprint to sprint?
Designing by onshore development/construct by offshore team and estimation
User Stories breakdown for back-end team
How to get a BI team to work in vertical slices e.g. User Stories
How to merge multiple Enterprise Resources into one Enterprise Resource in Project Server?
When requirement changes comes during the sprint, who takes the final decision to include or not
Best type of field in Jira for handling job codes?
Custom Column Calculation
Which are top three metrics one should look at as PM specially from IT industry perspective
Good RAID Log examples & usage
How to chose the right perspective in user stories?
How much defect rework is expected?
How should Scrum and Kanban teams track Continuous Improvement activities?
Is there any estimation method to estimate end user testing?
Design and architecture considerations for management tool
Can a story be put on hold within a Sprint?
Conflict between senior and junior members
Scheduling based on end date and amount of hours willing to spend per course
Stakeholder pushing to add more stories into the sprint
Small Projects: Asking the right questions
Prioritizing both functional and non-functional requirements in Agile
Resources Management - I can't manage some people
Who else can test in absence of QA?
Team over estimated
How to provide sprint results to large array of clients?
How to manage delays from external clients
What to do when your manager keeps adding
How to guide a team to be self-organizing?
How are low ambiguity and low complexity tickets dealt with when they have a high work cost?
How to handle large backlog
Manage activities of a group to make monthly reports
MS Project schedules only 7 hours for starting day of task
Dev went on vacation leaving his work unfinished. How to manage this without informing the customer?
Tasks during sprint planning
MS Project's BCWP line in EVM report looks wrong and I can't reproduce it
MS Project Agile Showing Wrong Start/Finish Dates
breaking down a feature into stories and avoiding dependencies
How to manage Cross-teams Roadmaps and high level tasks
What is Value Assurance all about?
What does it mean to cultivate a team's Agile mindset?
What to know about PMD Pro vs PMP
Should I leave building the database for the end?
Definition of Ready and Done in a Waterfall-Scrum Process (Global Definition as Solution?)
Why single backlog for cross-functional teams is important?
Application Lifecycle Management Tools for a "Buy" Organization?
Microsoft Project: Auto Start/Finish Dates Aren't Correct (get set for start of project)
How to measure if Scrum Master is making a difference and when to give up
Auto watching @mentions in Jira?
What is swarming?
Does the Kanban require teams to work vertically sliced user stories or can we use small technical tasks
Resource is refusing to do a handover before leaving
Bug Reporting and Revenue Impacting Bugs
Can task be impeded under its assignee
Changing priorities and focus every days. What name for that?
How to call MS Project API
Can a Scrum Master be effective when working mostly remotely?
Rolling Boards (Kanban) while doing Continuous Delivery
Do agile teams need a leader with technical skill?
As a technical lead how to ensure that DB schema is perfect for the new project to start with?
How do you capitalize agile costs with less mature teams?
Online meetings
How do sell software product with any data integration?
Adding n-number of due date fields and descriptions to Epics and Stories
How to make Agile metrics useful to stakeholders and project managers
How to ask my Product owner to put all information on the JIRA itself instead of a document pointed inside the JIRA?
Tracking progress of a team working on small tasks
What type of assessment/analysis model should I use?
Why is Rowan plan used if it is not beneficial?
Is there a place online where (unpaid) side-project coders can find (unpaid) side-project product owners and vice versa?
Fibonacci scale project estimates: how is it not vulnerable to misunderstanding by management?
Agile hard for the developer
How to reconcile MVP/fail fast with a 'replace existing product' project?
Most technically challenging project you worked on as non technical project manager
Managing separate releases with common code
