Why in online games do cards belonging to players sat out remain live until a response to a bet or raise is required
Preflop game in 50/50 sit'n'go
Split staight between players
Talking during a hand
Are both a straight and a full-house possible on the same flop?
Live NLHE Tournament Chip Denominations
5card Jacks or better
Is there a rule variation where only a single high card (not 2nd,3rd etc.) is used to resolve 2 flush hands?
Studying poker math - is it worth it?
Should this hold'em pot be split?
bluffing when somebody is all-in
Best strategy you know of for winning at texas hold'em
Do you have any "in-hand" thinking procedures?
How is the pot split in this texas holdem hand?
Why did I lose with a flush in Omaha?
Calculating odds with 2 cards to come
Multiple Chip Betting TDA rule 43
Run it more than once
What determines who finishes in a paid position after Hand-for-Hand play?
What is the nature of Omaha starting hands?
Miracle Full House Beats Me
Texas Holdem Scenario... Is this possible?
What are the chances of losing with a King high Straight Flush?
Bigger than Big Blind
How precise is math in the heat of battle?
How do I calculate the odds of making a four of a kind by the river given I have a pair?
Is using American Sign Langauge against the English only rule?
Number of game tree nodes in HU
Is chopping the blinds accepted everywhere?
Missing the flop with AK
Kill game, how does it change your starting hand value?
Are there any good strategies for dealing with relentless bettors?
Can an Ace be low in a straight?
How to use poker odds calculators?
Bankroll Management on a Monthly Budget
I lost and i dont get why, can any one help?
Do you HAVE to show your cards in an all-in heads up situation?
Maximizing post oak bluff rate
How Gus Hansen came up with 30%?
Do odds depend the the number of hands folded preflop?
To steal the pot, how much should I bet if first to act post-flop?
Correct way to play Three of a Kind in the flop
What would happen in a professional tournament if a player was obviously taking performance enhancing drugs?
Good holiday gifts for poker players?
Metrics on time to make decisions in live play?
MTT -- math point of view
What tie breakers exist?
What do you study for poker? What do you focus on?
Pineapple open face chinese Initial layout
Cost Effective Ideas for Promoting a Poker Wiki?
What is the maximum number of players in Texas Hold'em?
Do Odds Change if Count of Players at Table Change?
What is the correct calculation to make various combinations of Hold'em hands?
Must you show your cards if you are playing the board?
Get all-in on a steal by a deep stack with avg hand
Calculating Poker Outs
ZOOM FR NL2 - AA on wet board
Should I have bet this river? - KK vs potential flush
Is Christmas a good day to play poker?
What should a new player memorize?
What happens if the last two live players fold at the same time?
Nut flush draw shove
Problem with a hand in Texas hold'em
Pocket Tens vs Pocket Jacks
Who has advantage if one player is known to have an Ace?
Final table shuffle in MTT
Am I obligated to show my cards if I get called and we go to showdown?
MTT - flush draw vs loose big'o'stack
Should I slow play a set?
Best way to put your poker learning into a cohesive plan?
Poker Practice - Preflop All In
Tournaments: how to determine rankings if multiple players are knocked out in the same hand?
How to size an opening raise in a NLHE tournament with antes?
What are the advantages gained by those who cheat?
Evaluating tourneys on both rake and prize pool?
Odds of predicting the flop (twice!!)
Dealer cheating, why is rolling the deck bad practice?
Preflop action when you hold good pocket pair or draw
Probability of flopping straight flush
Would someone adept at Online Poker be just as good at Casino Poker?
What exactly happens when chip denominations are pulled in a tournament?
If you could design your own poker tools what would they look like?
Can I create freemium chip-based poker software without licence?
Mucked hand. who wins?
Defending a made hand, is it good to make a high bet?
How to play two pairs when flop is connected?
Differences between playing microstakes and higher stakes
Does the % of winning when someone goes all-in count cards in hands which have been folded?
Good Poker AUDIO Books
How to play the flop when two aces appear?
What is the right way to list tourney structure for a level?
Help with a tournament hand - KK in SB
What is a "dead raise"?
Minimum raise after flop
Choice of hands, would you choose 8/9 or 7/J
High Card only count
If there are no random numbers
What are the rules for when you're dealt in to an online poker game
Are there any forms of poker where some of your personal cards are displayed from the start of the hand?
What does "across" mean in poker?
Probability of flopping the unbreakable nuts
Bad Experiences with Online Poker Sites
Joining and rejoining a texas holdem poker game that is already in progress
All-in, pre-flop with AK... twice. Was that a bad decision?
Proper way to dispute a dealer's actions
At least one ace
Poker Ready Reckoner
Can I bet on who I think will win the hand at a casino?
Going from two to three players and back again. Texas holdem ring game
How to play bottom pair in middle position?
Is this a bug on PokerStars?
Does 'super stillness' emphasize strength or weakness?
Giving off subtle, fake tells to sharks. Possible strategy?
For online play what are the benefits of reloading your stack below a certain limit
Cash outs, are they always in cash or are there other options?
how to get nice reports easily from poker tracker 4?
What kind of results are people getting with short stack strategies in no limit holdem?
Flopping a Set with pocket Sevens, was it played correctly?
Split Pot question?
Missing the blinds in heads up play
Question of declaration in Texas Hold em
Late live MTT: critique the play
is this a misdeal?
What is the difference between limit and no limit starting hand rankings?
Distinct head-to-head match ups in holdem
looking to see what card would have come
Hands when playing Omaha
Equity calculation
What benefits would there be for a site to be rigged
Why do some Texas Hold Em ring tables have an ante
Are penny tables worth the trouble
Probability Of Getting A Straight Flush Or Royal Flush When Holding QJs
Re-raise multiple times with differing amounts?
Playing PL Omaha
The loser has a 2 pair over a one pair
Is playing safer poker, safer?
How to play when you hit a straight
Showing your cards rules
Why would a player ask how many chips another player has during a hand?
importance of psychological factors in poker?
Kicker cards - and splitting pots
Is it possible to become a millionaire in $ with online poker?
Mucking a winning hand
Trips vs flush draw on the turn
Two Pair - what beats what
Can I use the board's cards to have the best kicker?
All in situation with side pot
Set vs completed draw on the river - NL2
Two playes have same straight but one has two cards of it in hand
Aces cracked promotion, good for the collective or good for the individual dilemma?
What to do when I have a bad hand and everybody is checking?
Flush draw against very aggressive player
Bluff psychology
What's the minimum raise rules of NLHE
Conversion of hand history from unsupported site
Should I have called an all-in with KK against a TAG?
Is the play dead if the player throws his cards face up before calling?
Should I call 3 bet when having two pair?
Can I use HM Hud to show aggregate stats of players?
Can I toggle on/off the HUD display?
Calling out tells
current tournament position on pokerstars mobile
How can a poker player alter their strategy to exploit java.util.Random
Who won in this scenario? Both players have a pair
Amount to cashout when building a bankroll
Texas Holdem questions
Are there statistics that show the percentage of times you should fold at each stage of Texas Hold'em?
Can I raise the blinds without seeing my cards?
Play every hand or not
Are online poker sites rigged?
Meaning of throwing or motioning with a card protector
Advice for exploiting Sucker Reputation
Raked Game Strategy
Can somebody tell me whom wins in this poker flush?
Revealing hand thinking bet was covered
Odds of three people at a 9 ring game having the same hole cards
All in when you are chip leader
What actions can I take to safely convince others that I am a bad player?
Specific Hand recommended action
Push/Fold situation
Stack sizes and perceived ranges
How can I improve my MTT end game?
Out, how do you calculate them?
Chipping Up while playing Texas Hold Em
Odds Calculation Texas Hold'em
Do all players have to show their hand if they check on the river?
What are the odds of winning a tournament?
Multiple Table Online Play
Should I go all-in with AAs in this situation?
What tendencies should I be looking out for and how can I use that information to my benefit?
How does a HUD work?
How to deal with a table that always calls?
Betting strategy based on full information
Is it good/practical to calculate EV, odds, etc. during games, or only when reviewing them afterwards?
Can a decision be both + and - EV?
did we tie with a straight in texas hold'em? Or did I win?
Who wins in this flush vs. flush hand?
How to Play Poker on many tables at the same time?
How to decide winner between equal double pairs in Texas holdem?
Bar room free roll poker
Tournament Strategy - When to flip?
Odd for drawing an 8 in 5 card stud
Can a player expose his cards to another player in a no limit texas holdem tournament?
What are the actual odds of being dealt pocket Aces?
A Hand history: Navigating QQ
Hold'em hybrid dealing
How to play if you hit a straight on flop?
What is an optimal ratio of buy-in stack amt. to blind amt. for a 2hr+ home game?
Raising and multiple All-Ins
How can I view the list of available games on Poker Stars?
How to calculate preflop equity in hand vs hand
Poker Tournament Application - Chip Logic
What is the best approach to playing against an aggressive player?
Odds of consecutive hands being identical
Checking from behind
Websites where you can input your hand histories for them to give you stats
How do you deal with devastating bad beats?
Should I ever reduce / cash out money from my stack when playing NL Holden cash games?
Why this pot is split?
How should I approach a zoom game where it feels like opponents always seem to flop better hands (big raises)
How to commit to think like a winner, instead of playing for maximizing emotional comforts?
A pair versus "suited" overcards
Formula not checking out under certain conditions
Percentage chance of flopping straight or flush draw for suited connectors
VPIP at Micro / Freeroll Stakes
Should this holdem hand result in a split pot?
What is the origin of the all-in bet?
Bankroll strategy
Showing cards with one player all-in but other player active
C Net Adjusted, What does it mean? Should it be low or high?
Card off the table by a player
What is the“Top Five Cards” rule and how does it apply to splitting pots?
All in rules in extreme cases
What is the name of the Poker TV Show
What are practical differences between 8-max and 9-max tournaments?
What happens when you have the same pair and same kicker
Tallying monte carlo simulation and ties for Texas hold'em
Is there statistically any combination worse than 2 7 offsuit for preflop Texas Hold'em?
Playings AA's deepstack vs drawing hands
Which pair wins?
Is it mandatory to show a hand at showdown to split a pot when playing the board?
Straight draw in heads up?
Omaha: Interesting dealer mistake at showdown
Tournament play, what would you do?
No Limit Texas Holdem 6 max vs full ring (9 player) PF Range
Did I play this AK hand well?
Legality of Bovada and online poker moving forward in the U.S
Bayesian statistics
equity issue with equity calculator software
Pair of Jacks at the final table
What is representative number of hands played?
Can I showdown early
How to deal with the fast rate of play online
Avg equity on flop vs range
exact same card back to back to back
Best zoom poker bot strategy
Ideal bet size based on EV
How are cards dealt when you get Fantasy Land in OFC?
How many ways to shuffle a standard deck of 52 cards?
Video poker RTP
If you put chips out but don't say anything while it's your turn, can you take them back, even if you didn't say anything?
Best 5 cards and the kicker
NL Hold Em coming into the blind
22-66 versus AK, AQ - how to avoid coinflips?
What is more profitable in a long run: cash games or tournaments?
"Waiting for a better spot" in tournaments
What is the minimum amount which can be raised to after a bet and a raise in front?
who wins if everyone has a pair
Confusing hand in a Texas Hold em
texas holdem split pot
PFR (preflop raise) statistics calculation with raise + 4bet in one single hand
How do you trust on the online poker site when playing online?
Raising with two pair in 5 card draw?
Text Based Poker Game
Eliminating two players from a four-hand hold'em play
What are the odds of having 2 Quads in the same hand?
Up & Down Straight Draw VS Flush Draw Comparison
Should I have gone all in on Flop with bottom pair and flush draw?
When do you feel its time to take your chips and go home?
AAA flop, KJ holding against very aggressive player
How to fish with nuts?
Confusion on Poker Hand concerning high card
What is the best way to play online tounaments?
Do I have to show all players if I show to one?
Player allowed to play for main pot after folding during side pot action?
What is the probability of seeing a royal flush and a four of a kind in the same round with ten players?
Looking for advanced poker tutorial strategies
What's the penalty for coaching at the table?
Who wins if two players have a straight?
Poker Main Pot is 100 and split in 3
How much should you bet to bluff a huge nuts?
What is Teddy KGB's tell?
NL100: Top Pair weak kicker facing Turn barrel
Is there a hand gesture for calling?
What impression does a smile give?
Tips for my first Live Tournament
Re-entry vs Re-buy in multi table tournaments
TT close to bubble in SnG with a good stack
What are the odds of making a royal flush after the flop in Texas Hold 'Em?
How to Prevent Blinding Out
How to improve my game
Looking for a software is able to simulate each situation and verify the results of Texas Hold'em
Wrong decision?
How does All In work?
In Teaxs Hold'em 3 players in the hand
Who is the winner
5 cards draw odds
Why did I lose this poker hand?
Bad move/bet or tilt situation?
Pokerstars confiscating my funds
1/3 NL Live Bad Beat Jackpot
Where can I find poker hand histories?
Chances of winning tournament vs Entries?
What's the Probability of hitting the board on the Turn or the River
When should I move up from Freeroll MTT's?
Can anyone suggest a limit holdem training app for Android?
Full House vs. 2xThree of a Kind Texas Holdem
Dealer's Choice - What type of games should one choose?
Flush in Texas holdem
Why no split-pot when the communal cards are strongest?
term for when players go all-in and show hands
Fundamental Theorem of Poker vs Morton's Theorem
What are some good smartphone apps to help dealing with tilt?
Side pots without eligible winners
Playing PokerStars from US
Quantified-self devices to measure tilt
What is the correct ruling?
Probability of two players getting identical starting hands
Looking for mathematical paradoxes in Poker
Cards Mucked Or Not?
SNG $0.25, Trip aces with weak kicker on River
Are there names/terms of Hold'em above the level of hands?
Can I Bet and Call Blind
What are the percentage for running into AA if you have KK?
Bluffing on a two player table
SNG $0.25 45-man, huge combo draw
Most Profitable Online Stakes
Playing on a number of tables at one go
Online Poker Results
books or articles on methodically analyzing hand history
mental hand history?
Probability of making two pairs (Hold'em)
Big blind betting in tournaments
Question about this Hand
Who wins the pot when
Rockets in the BB position, 6 handed, table folds
PokerStars have banned the use of PokerTracker 4. Why?
Card flip on deal. Misdeal or next card?
Does software exist that will analyze my previous hands and tell me what it thinks I did wrong?
How to play top pair with flush draw on the flop?
Can you play "destructive"?
How to play a pair against a maniac?
using poker bots and top poker bots
Kicker on high card
Can You Win a Long Tournament Without Major Suckouts
Raise/ Re-raise in No Limit Hold Em?
Mucking hand face up
Who gets the side pot?
how to play in a table which play so loose and mostly limp without any kind of standards?
Why decide whether or not to run it twice based on what the opponent has?
Beginner tips and tricks
How does number of player affect the probability of a hand winning a round?
Can the same player check and after re-raise (do all-in) at river?
Cash Game situation
What are the odds of facing AA or KK when holding AK? And odds of facing AK when holding AK
All-ins and folds: what happens to folded money?
How to analyze why I am losing?
How to play AQ on flop against maniac?
What's the optimum time to enter a tournament with late registration AND a later add-on?
Why Collin Moshman 3-bet that high?
How do I keep note of poker hand so I can benefit of it at the same hand?
Betting rounds in heads-up Texas holdem?
Four to a flush with suited hand and two community cards, opponent raises, what to do?
Avoid Costly Mistakes
How to mathematically calculate equity
What size bet to take away pot odds?
Poker winning hands
Does the order of posting the missed blinds in texas holdem matter?
Probability of forming a flush question (dependent vs independent event)
150+15 live early with TP+FD
Reasoning behind assumptions in Independent Chip Model
Value of Speculative Hands
Should I have shoved all in on this flop?
Hold'em Manager for Mac alternative?
Decision, is the hand dead
Best mental state for playing
Why do people call/raise with poor hands on preflop?
Push or just call on the turn with trips against an over-pair and you know it?
What happens if there is royal flush on board
Bet size according to the chances, is it a correct approach?
Alternative to Dirty Dozen jackpot SNGs?
Holding a pair and two pair are on the board. Who wins?
In Seven Card Stud, the dealer missed dealing the last cards and shuffles the deck
Aggression vs cheap flop
Pot Odds Paradox in Short Stack
Chance formula for Texas Hold'em
Spin and Go Strategy
Five cards rule and "kicker" in flush
Ask for the size of the pot
What are the odds of a at least a certain amount of aces being dealt depending on the number of players?
Playing 99 in early position
Building specific situational calcualtion of pot equity and chance of winning. Setting up the formula.
Calculate full number of 7 card combinations beaten by my 7 card combo in texas poker
Anyone heard of this game?
Who will win, 2 pairs on the table or one pair in hand and one pair on the table?
Squeeze Play - What and How
Full House..highest trip or card?
Dealing with the desire to play weak hands
How to determine the winning hands in poker?
texas holdem question on split pot
Questionable Tournament Rule With Two Players Left
Pocket Aces at a 8-10 Player Table
Full House v. Quads
It was called "Shimoka Man"
could i have prevented losing to this set?
Rules for mucking cards
Poker side pots and dead money
Betting in all in situation
side pot scenario
How to improve your heads up game
Holding suited connectors odd of flopping 2 pair or better
Best statistical hand
Late Small Casino Tournament play
How to play multi screen
On the turn pot odds to call versus outs
Short stack UTG action
River vs cards in hand
Is there CAD table on pokerstars?
Probability in poker
Question of the interpretations of Pot Odds and Pot Equity, MATH
Chips running out playing tight
Can an ace be used at the bottom of a hand besides 5,4,3,2,A?
Losing to higher flush
Strategy for Tournaments without Antes
Rule for advancing the button when SB bust
Moving up limits. a bankroll problem?
Is this normal? Below EV
All Players SItting Out
What's this difference in the pot?
Texas hold em raising
How to plan IP when having two pair?
How to play against a fish when having straight
4 to one suit one a hold em board?
Set with a draws on the flop
Do i split the pot?
Bet sizing to get all their chips
Who wins at this hand below
Full House and 4 of a Kind in the Same Hand
Realistic Community Cards
Mathematically speaking, is open-limping that bad?
When does a kicker count?
Who wins the pot or will it be a Split?
Two straights and a pair who wins?
Detailed explanation of ICM?
When taking pot odds into account after the flop, use chance of hitting with next two cards, or just the next card
Rules when dealer flips river early
How to calculate SNG push/fold range using JAVA/C++?
when there is two straits who win?
Decrease in utility playing in same stakes (I stop caring about the amount of winning after some time)
Is playing online poker with multiple accounts an advantage?
7 card no peek rules
How good is it to call when you have no money in the pot?
Pot Odds/Equity, percentage and ratio method
Second J on turn lower the chance that
Poker Calculator
Feature In A Poker Game
Collusion in real life poker games
Why to post big blind in online poker?
Can people remember the cards that are played?
Fold in preflop but could win with a flush. How to deal in this situation?
Calling to lure players into the pot
3 card texas-hold-em hand
Side pot with fold
Zoom NL5: checking second nut flush on turn?
Why is Royal Flush ever listed separately from Straight Flush?
How to play a straight or flush when the board pairs
What is meant by "protecting" your hand and when do you want to try to do it?
How do you express the statistics of turn/river possibilities to make a hand?
Should I call overbet shove with top pair
Why are there two blinds in Texas Hold 'em instead of just one?
How did i lose here when we both had flush J High?
Who had the best time cards?
Can a player raise in the following scenario?
All in question
Always preflop all in with JJ+? cash game
How often should I be seeing four of a kind statistically?
Is there a list of sites that generate pure random hands?
Adjusting bet size based on table position
Why did i win a portion of pot in this hand?
Safe strategy? In a simplified model of poker
Poker Strategy for all ins
What do these action abbreviations mean?
public domain poker images
Hold'em: Why does K♠️7♠️ beat A♠️2♠️ more frequently than K♠️8♠️ does?
When should I limp pre-flop?
I'm getting into sit and go tournament finals so much, but how can I come first more?
Who wins the pot?
Can some tell me which hand(s) beats the dealers hand in this game of poker?
Do you have show your cards at end of Texas hold'em hand if asked by person who won?
Got beaten three times by the same 4 of a kind, then won with a straight flush. In the span of 141 hands. What are the odds?
How to recognize a straight draw?
in this Flush vs flush who wins + pairs in the 2 hands?
How do the broadcasters know what the hole cards are in televised poker
4 of a kind on board ( texas holdem poker )
What measures can I take to verify that an online poker site has rigged hands?
Approach to free poker sites
Sensible plan to satellite myself into the PCA?
aggression factor vs aggression frequency
How do I calculate poker hand probabilities?
Joint, conditional, and value-dependent probabilities (in... poker)
Call with straight when 3 suited cards are in table, that's a bad move?
Calculating probabilities for 3, 4, 5 card Straight/Flush/Straight Flush
How are chances of winning pot worked out?
Burning cards after all-in
Should I have called an all-in with top pair - top kicker in this situation?
Which pair wins the hand?
What are the odds?
Hide high value chips
Why is this behavior penalized, and how standard are these rules?
Advanced Poker Calculator
Check/raise question
My poker question is about straight and another pair
Observing the table
Best cards to hit a straight
Odds that someone makes or holds a pair on the flop, based on the # of players
Three players, three pocket pairs?
Struggling to get into +EV positions frequently
Can you use an ACE in a straight as a high card
Premature turn of a card
All in then muck with betting not closed
Tournament - Who decides if I have to show my cards?
Poker rules: opening the fifth card
The Law of Large Numbers. How Large?
How do you play the last five of seven cards in the river?
Why did I win this game.. About Rules
Final table: All-in with AQ suited against a small stack?
Lost hole card at showdown?
Tournament cards mucking
Table image when playing with fish.
Odds of flush on flush
Has Annette Obrestad played more hands of poker than Doyle Brunson?
Poker books for people with short attention spans
In a tournament if you walk away from the table when "all in" did you "abandon" your hand?
I don't understand a hand
Should the hero call all-in with second best flush in this situation?
KK in first position
Married to overpair?
Decision Please: A player says "I bet the pot" in NLHE
What’s better in hi/low Omaha poker? Low hands?
What are the odds of at least one player getting a hand from a range?
Probability of playing for a top PokerStars Spin & Go prize?
Short Stack All In Question
Explaining poker to a chess player
Should I chase a Straight or Flush?
Table of flat callers
poker etiquette, and is this weak play?
Burning cards in Hold 'em
AKs has worse ev than random hand?
Is "talking to influence action" illegal at WSOP?
Most possible outs on river. And you are behind
Who wins this hand
Who wins the Side pot if everyone interested in side pot folds
why is this a tie?
Full house vs Full house
Missing out blind seats
If the flop is 779. one player has 99 and another has 79. who wins so far
Most profitable initial bet
Winning Hand Argument
Pocket Aces, preflop call or re-raise. 4max
Why shouldn't i use simple percentages to base my decisions on pot odds?
Showing cards head up
Probability of 3card flush and 2 card flush from 5 cards
What s the bb/100 from BigBlind from a NL25 online reg?
How to adjust Gameplay at a PokerLeague?
Variance - or rigged game
5 cards game - Full House x 4 of a kind statistics
Micros online hand review. AKs from the SB
reraising when a player is allin
how to succesfully represent a good hand
Pots odds versus bluff rate to call on the river
Just a quick question on rules
Prospect theory and loss aversion refuted by poker players
Learning modern MTT basics in limited time
How I should analyze my game?
Bluff the river - how often do I need a fold
What is a bluff catcher?
Why doesn't the United States make online poker legal and tax it?
Texas Hold'em, what's the winning hand?
Online Poker with Microphones and Video Cameras
Live $200 NLHE hand review, pocket deuces in MP
Should I always call a min raise on the river?
NLH - where there are x players at a table, should I play the top 1/x starting hands?
Can i fold my trips here?
Odds of getting four-of-a-kind three hands in a row
Is it better to have pocket AA and hit three of a kind, or better to have one Ace and hit three of a kind?
Should I call a 4-bet preflop shove with AKs?
Code Omaha Equity Trainer
Assumptions about opponents' ranges for equity calculation for pokerbot at Turn and River
Straight on board 10 j q k a who wins?
Call with AK odds
EV+ plays in no-rebuy MTTs
Who wins this hand?-rules
Calling on river with pair of Aces?
How to divide an irregular split pot?
Equity with ranges
Equity in calculating my range vs opponent range
Calculator use at tournament
Why are the Top Poker Hands rated as they are?
ok this has happened twice... i need reassurance
To c-bet or not to c-bet against bigstack?
Which poker hand is the winner?
On the river what is the ruling when a player shows his hand before the action is complete?
"5 of a kind" hand in Poker Game
Bug to display 10 as Card as Poker beta
Uncapped betting in FL game HU on river with nuts on board?
Was dealer incorrect in handling prematurely dealt turn card?
Wins versus ties
three of a kind problem help me please
What to gain from opponent hand?
When is a hand considered over
Poker Outs Odds Tourney Heads Up
What's wrong with my equity calculation?
Was I right to call off a <10BB stack in late position with 66?
What is the software that every poker site seems to be running?
Is it possible to make big money using poker AI?
How much do you tip the dealer?
Versus random hands
Ruling for player wishing to rebuy when rebuy period ended during a hand
Beating the "Dead Man's Hand"
Why did i lose this hand with 2 pair?
Which hand wins at showdown?
WSOP definition of a protected hand
Texas holdem flush
Showdown with same straight - do pairs count as a tie break?
Set Over Set 10's vs 9's
Who wins when two players both have a flush?
Facing a shove after turning an OESD with JJ deep in MTT
Why is AK vs 22 a coinflip?
Same low with different hole cards - who wins?
Bad Etiquette or Smart Poker?
Rules when blinds are all-in
Evaluating poker hands programmatically
In Poker tournament, when we need to start Hand in Hand (Bubble)?
Both players has full house, who should win?
Why don't you remove the element of luck in poker?
Calculating Pot Odds on multiple re-raises
Who wins in this situation?
Question About Card Value in Flushes/ Full Houses
Playing mid suited connectors from BB
Playing AA against multiple opponents
Are there any recommended Tournament Theory Books?
high straight vs low straight/flush
How many outs do I have with T7 on a KT3 flop?
Is the heads up NLH no mixing Nash equilibrium strategy known?
Why did I lose with my pair of fives?
Chance of hitting 3 of a kind
Who wins this and why? A5 or AJ?
Acting out of turn.
Poker etiquette on split pots
Call or fold - tough spot on turn
Running it twice, odds calculation
Win the Button tournament rules?
Turn play on a wet board with top-top, flush and straight draw
Straights - does my card have priority over card on the table?
How are marked cards prevented in Poker?
Building Pot on Draws
Who wins in a situation like this one involving a straight?
Why are there so many low-stack, hyper turbo, infinite rebuy/addon tournaments?
Raising all-in against calling stations on draws?
Who is the winner from the image below
Etiquette on talking at the table
Turning over hands after betting
Pot when you go All-in with less than big blind preflop
Question regarding straight
Sets and 2-pair
Who won this Game?
Multiple full houses odds in texas hold'em at a table of 8?
Term: "On the Table"?
What are some good strategies for fooling players?
Are there hands that are considered better for big tables rather than small ones
Seven card stud odds shortcuts
Is this proper GTO
What's the optimum time to enter a progressive knockout tournament?
Texas Hold'em Questions RE: Use of cards on the table.
Does an opponent showing a card effect odds of them having a 1 outer?
Can a King be beaten in one card poker?
Mucking in live poker
What would be the correct river play?
Opening tournament strategy for Texas Hold'em
How do I calculate the odds my best hand is better than any possible hand an opponent can make?
All-in re-steal on bubble
Heads-up NLH 200BB deep river decision
What are the names of these poker games
Call and raise amount in a poker client
What is "sit" a table
Tournament table balancing: when joining a table at the button position, explain why you don't get dealt a hand
Pre-flop charts 6-max cash games
Correct or best range calculator for 6-max NLH cash games?
Preflop Pot Odds
It is proper to burn cards if there is no further action?
Worst possible matchup pre flop
playing with wrong two cards
Best hand versus AA
Can casino change the dealer decision after hand is over?
Was This Tournament All In Call Correct?
220£ tournament
Muck before river
Distinct 7 card poker hands
Odds on flopping a Royal Flush?
hand distribution in 6 max vs full ring
Card removal and marginal hands
Can someone help me calculate if I am "pot committed" in the following scenario?
Straight on the river, how to play it?
Taking the second card in poker as the highest card
Even after I win a hand, Zynga poker won't show me the hole cards from other players
Does the order of cards in your hand matter?
AA versus AA what is the chance of winning
strategy for "roulette poker"
Which poker hand is this?
Do kickers play when the nut straight is on the board?
What are the odds in five card draw
Called me with nothing
does it matter if 2 in pocket and one on flop, or one in hand and 2 on the flop? or is it just a higher card that takes the pot?
Betting after all-in/showdown
Odds of losing multiple set over set hands vs hitting a royal
AK suited in the BB
Why didn't K9 win vs AA with K9 on flop
Defining best 5 cards
Ways to dodge exchange rates at partypoker?
How Do I Make Poker Winnings look like Normal Income
Closing out a tournament
Final 3 players on the table
Tournament versus cash game
best connected combination to beat AA
EV of 1 gapper versus connected
Is it ever ok to limp preflop? Beginner question
math for hands against you
No-Limit Holdem first bet after the flop
Graph of single-hand outcomes
How to respond to a re-raise preflop?
Spin n go system [pokerstars or 888]?
How do you play a suited Ace-Rag?
In 5-card stud does 2 kings beat 2 jacks and 2 threes?
Should you play low suited connectors?
Is there a difference between a "loose" and an " aggressive "player?
Keep getting beaten All In with AA
Spin and Go tips and tactics
when is action completed
Should you intentionally take long to fold after somebody raises to hide your bluff?
Tough spot with Aces against regular, NLHE-6max
Tank on river when last to act and all bets in
Are 2 players tables as profitable as 6 players games?
Probability of an over straight or strait flush
Angle shoot speech play - for sure I am calling
Heads up hand between two pros
Probability of ace on flop?
Max re-buy poker night in america
Hidden chips - how to handle when a player goes all in and chips were hidden
Starting hands head up
Quantify the equity of position (button) heads up
What are some good win rates for heads-up and 6-max SnGs? (regular or turbo, but not hyper)
I won't tip the dealer, will I be thrown out?
Best city to play poker?
Re entry tournament rules
Is the Nash equilibrum strategy probabilistic?
Computing Nash equilibrium strategy
Must the initial all-in raiser, that got called, show (or muck) BEFORE the river?
How can I save hand histories when playing on Pokernuts
Texas Hold'em heads up pre-flop AK vs 89s
Name of simplest poker variant where no actions are involved?
How is earphone use regulated in WSOP?
Why do people say Poker is a game of skill?
Confused about pot odds
Probability / odds to flop flush or 4 flush
How to bet from button heads up pre flop
You have AA in the BB. The BU opens to 3.5x. What is your line?
How to get started building a poker bot?
Tough spot with drawing hand
Is starting out in PLO a good idea?
Does play for free help you learn poker
Holdem manager 2 HUD stats definition
How do poker sites detect bots?
can someone tell me what the chances are of this hand that me and my poker boys played tonight?? quads and a full house
Combinations and poker probability
New WSOP shot clock
final hand of texas holdem 4 players all in. 2 players have the same exact hand
How to avoid suck outs when squeezing cold callers
Correct hand for all in?
I have some questions about a Flush rules
Kelly criterion for SnG
How did I lose this hand?
ICM vs FGS in spin & go's
Headsup push fold ICMizer problem
Poker hand suited connector
Confusion of "Lead"
Two player have flush
Why do some events enforce the rule that your hand is dead when turned over?
Probability of (atleast) one opponent achieving a combination
Determining probability of opponents succeeding + yourself?
Do Pokerstars "juice" flops to make things more exciting?
Hand Vs hand odds
What mathematics should I learn to get better at Poker?
Nash-like table for a full 9 players table?
Where can I find a resource for mathematically optimal plays?
Is all-in calling 2 all-ins with KK a bad move pre-flop?
Chances of an opponent not having a flush on 3-flush board
Outs when needing more than one card
When does option for action end on the big blind?
Changing seats in a Holdem game
Rules for non-players distracting players in a hand?
Why do players join a tournament late?
Should i have shoved with QQ?
What is small ball poker strategy
Playing on PokerStars.uk from Germany?
Online poker, bring all chips to the table?
PokerStars LogFile Stacksize parsing
Skill gradient across different levels of the ecosystem
What is a small card in a texas holdem preflop hand?
How would you play this hand?
Adjustments to make when everyone is calling?
Adapting tight aggressive style when the BB goes up
Dispute over whether a hand should be treated as a misdeal
Interesting heads-up hand in WCOOP 66 $25k high roller event BrynKenney vs caecilius
GTO principles - Indifference: what am I missing?
8 handed play strategy
Three of a Kind vs drawing hand
2 pairs vs 2 pairs
How should money won by a cheater be distributed?
Pot Limit Omaha 8 or better rules
Can I use all the cards in a hand in Omaha hi-low?
Facing a 4-bet with QQ
Great Poker Hand Daniel Negreanu vs Alec Torelli
Is there a calculator that shows what my "potential" odds are?
How would you play this?
Why no music in (most) Poker rooms?
Is it rude to cash out when ahead, then buy back in?
ICM: Malmuth-Harville Formula by Bill Chen
Drawing and pot odds
How would you play AK here?
Why is 4, 3, 2, A, K not considered a straight in Texas Hold'em Poker?
Who wins the following hand
What are odds of 2 players having same 4 hole cards in omaha?
How to modify strategy when playing large play money tournaments on PokerStars?
Who wins Higher flush or Straight + Flush
Five Card Flush on the table
Why not deal four cards, two must be mucked, before the first bet?
Strategy tournament vs. table
Optimal probability ranges for specific key figures (e.g. VPIP)
Rules for dealing players not at the table
Odds on winning both hands running it twice when massive dog
What is your maximum stack size when shoving?
How to access detailed range against range equity?
How to deal with players who limp into every hand - and always see the river
Couldnt figure it out from this youtube video
Is a player allowed to hold their hands across the "line" at the poker table?
5-way pot pot limit omaha cash game microstakes
Are you obligated to chop blinds, if you already chopped before?
Quads sevens 5 times in one night
How to count the number of starting hands in Texas Hold 'em
The rules to 2 pair poker hands?
Who comes 2nd, texas hold em
General strategy shortstacked PLO cash games
$2100 High Roller Event #1 hand review
odds and pot odds and when to bet what
Who wins a flush draw when the high card is a community card?
How to calculate probability of flopping a set (with pocket pairs)?
Straight vs Straight + Highcard
Risky home game hand, right or wrong move?
can a dealer tell players their outs
Why 99-9 stronger than Q-QQ for Ivey vs Moneymaker?
Who wins the straight or do they split the pot
Worst possible matchup for aces pre-flop in pot limit omaha
Is there a benefit to pre-checking in online poker?
Who wins or is it a split pot
Ante and Blinds
Soft play in a cash game
Calculating poker odds without knowing opponents cards
Dealing with excessive clock calls?
It`s split pot if
Extra burn card, hand played. Pot collection started
3 pairs v.s. 2 pairs?
What ruling should be made when a verbal declaration is not heard by the dealer?
Who wins in this case? Or is it tied?
What constitutes a call?
calling an all-in bet following the flop
What is overlay?
poker hand probability
Tournament play Texas hold-em
Ace high flush being beaten by full house
Short deck probability
2-7 hand ranking
Is there a way to submit / view data into pro poker tools from a mobile device?
Who wins this hand? with a flush in comunity cards
Revealing part of your hand
Combining poker hand probabilities (Texas Hold'em)
How to Calculate the Possibility of a Straight
If someone offers you a large casino chip at a discount should you take them up on the offer?
Take advantage of your equity vs. Force opponent to make a bad play
Who wins if a player mis-identifies their hand?
How to play the hand
Why does Dealer call over floor if there is 3 of a kind on the flop in live poker?
What is a progressive clock?
What happens when straight is on board
Hand analysis - all in
Does "touching the muck" mean anything in a casino?
What are the odds of the river containing a full house?
Can I fold in response to a call?
Who has the winning hand?
Probabilities for each high card hands in draw poker
Swings in online poker
Flush lowest-ranking card
Dead raise in tournament
Erratum in "The Mathematics of Poker"
Texas Holdem Rules
Rules Of A misdeal
What happens if I get all 5 cards the same?
Not announcing raise on purpose
What is the formula in getting Outs?
Agree not to play for a side pot
Micro/nano skin implants to signal hole cards at the WSOP?
Folding with 3 of a kind on the flop?
Obliged to show cards after post-river out-of-turn reveal?
Good online poker app to play with friends?
Texas hold'em - Counting outs - Why not consider a possible pair?
Odds of runner runner
Speculative hand with a lot of draws
Crazy Hand WSOP
A detailed definition of a Donk Bet
How to deal with players always betting big post flop
Flush confusion
Probability of flush on board and no player has a flush card
Does a player get dealt a card if they fold out of turn?
What are the odds of drawing the idiot end of the straight flush on the flop
PLO against 3 opponents. Board is 434 rainbow. What is the probability of someone having a 4?
Folding hands in hold 'em poker
I'd like some help with Badugi absolute strength calculator
Ruling on a non-standard check
Odds Of Someone Having A Flush
How much should I buy in for when playing live?
Over pair in position
What are the 5 card hand probabilities
Straight hand in poker
How should I proceed (in non-home games / with strange(unkown) people / in my online server) if I have to suddenly close a tournament?
Pre shove range
Moving to offline poker tournaments after playing exclusively online
Probability your opponent has a pocket pair when you are paired versus not
Flush on the board
Are late registration / late entry poker tournaments the norm?
How much should I be tipping when I cash a live tournament?
Can I get probability of winning a HU SNG tournament out of ROI % against an opponent?
Oregon (USA) Poker Gambling
Flush rule in Texas holden poker
Best method to mark the numbers onto poker chips?
HU you know your opponent will bet pre with any two cards - what should your range be
Question for beginners in Omaha
What is the precise definition of "showdown"?
Why do so few players play razz?
Can "run it twice" be a +EV in a long run?
Any program/game/bot to play with?
Odds of King flush losing to Ace flush
Poker pre-flop probability trainer
Help with a hand analysis from more experienced players?
Software to create combinations
Is there a theory of how a novice can be a favorite against a world class player with a stack advantage?
Heads up with chip advantage but you are the weaker player
Does tipping happen at the highest level?
Player has 3 cards in his hand, declares at the river
Draw lowball call
Draw poker should you keep AK
What are the rules for talking when you are not in the pot?
Rules for Full house
How many people need to call to make a bet on a flush draw worthwhile?
Finding out my range
What are the top money making starting hands?
Texas Hold em blind raises
Hand analysis no limit
What should hero do with JJ overpair on the Flop against an ultra aggressive (perhaps maniac)?
Unusual Tournament spot
Occurence of heads-up in full table poker
How should I play against a limpers?
Strategy vs Donkey Supreme?
How to alter play so a tournement ends sooner?
Top 5 Cards Question (Straight)
Playing omaha showing players hands. Would it be usefull for training purposes?
Probability of tie
"Streets" in holdem
Is speech final in Poker?
Calculating Nash Equilibrium for HU NLHE push fold game
Profitable players crazy all ins
What is a double belly buster?
Complete all-in rules of fixed-limit hold-em
Rules following a raise, then a shove for slightly more?
Additional Odds for Flush Draw, by hitting two paris or three of a kind, as well - How to calculate Runner-Runner?
Is my hand live
Who win this hand and why? Thanks!
I was light on a hand, namely six dollars short.
PokerStars Android - Cards History
Whats your move on this hand?(KK) High Level Table
Poker bankroll management in cash game
Did I play QQ correctly in this situation?
Why is short-stacker pot committed in this instance?
Do you guys believe online poker room is a scam?
Where is Jeff Changeley
What is minimum raise when starting a new round of betting in NLHE?
Is it proper to tip the folks who manage the table list?
Texas Holdem Poker No Limit betting rules, How does Bet, Raise and by what value it is increased?
Was this a good all-in with trip 8s on the turn?
Hand analysis could you lay this down
Putting Crazy Players on a hand
Tying in a win the button tournament
Odds of getting aces in PLO?
Side pot rules on not equal hands
Drawing Dead Preflop?
Why isn't every value player rich?
Jason Platten 1234
1/3 NL: Was going all-in against villain with AK the best choice?
Ace to Six relative value of straight "AKQJT"
All in or fold strategy
How do I calculate "I break even if Villain folds this percentage of shoving", including Fold Equity, in heads up play?
Pocket Jacks with two higher cards on flop
All in player exposes cards in multiway pot when action is not over
Trip Aces vs Possible Flush
Ace value in a low straight
Probability for 75% to 25% in Omaha8?
C-Betting on Flops that Missed Both You and Your Opponents?
Hold Em poker How minimum raise changes
5 card flush on table
Deriving Sklansky's Formula for the Optimal Calling Frequency
How to deal with card dead in MTT?
Theory of Preflop Opening Ranges
All in betting when you are last in chips
Bounty Builder tournament
Poker hand analysis
How do straddle and antes effect the absolute stake?
Calling Pot Odds vs. Your Opponent's Bluffing Odds
Best poker coaching program
Is there software that aids street by street range vs. range analysis of hand history?
Why can't one add the (outs/possible) fractions of hitting flush on turn or river for the overall chance given 4 suited on flop?
Reading a Western about stud poker and need some clarification -?
Why call with the top X% of your range when being laid X% pot odds (by an opponent playing GTO)?
Please advise if there was a better way to play pocket T
Why shove the river when your range is more than 50% value heavy?
Confused about Omaha Hand
Paradox after an evening of hold-em with 5 to 7 players
I want to know who is in the wrong....?
Should fold AKo when 2 players already all-in?
Review of hand played with QQ
Texas holdem dealing question
Does Heads Up Hold ’em GTO assume a linear relationship between utility and money?
Probability of flopping two flushes
How to deal with players who aggressively pre-flop all-in in low stakes hold-em?
High low Omaha question
Tilting when chip is growing?
Did I make a stupid mistake with JJ preflop?
3-bet on straight flush possible board
According to traditional poker rules (excluding Texas holdem), can the ace be used as the low card in a A2345 straight?
Can the big blind be considered late position pre-flop?
Can someone help me out with the table balancing done in MTT's?
How many side pots possible in case of n player table (assuming n to be any number)
Run it twice side pot case
Seven card no peak
Special entries like "C>4" or "R<2" in this chart
Post flop minimum raising
Declared hands - winner declared and then changed
Did I play this hand correctly?
Turn and river dealt twice, what is going on?
What do you think about this play?
What do you think about this play1?
Who's win in poker a's cards is 6&8 nd b's card is 10&8 nd fallen in cards 10,2,9,10,7 please give answer
Number of combinations for 5 from 52 cards neglecting suit
If the 5 cards down are flush
Bet out of turn
Mucking cards on an all-in hand
What is the Big Blind Ante?
What is the true rule in a situtation like that?
What is the Ace's namesake?
ICM: Malmuth-Harville Formula by Bill Chen 2
Poker aggression - Flop, Turn and River
Why did Pokerstars' traffic crash so much in the last years?
Is there a place for poker room account trading?
Do top hands also have the top expected winnings?
Pokertracking software for 6+ holdem
Misdeal.....or not?
How does a bad beat jackpot work?
Having a big debate need a third opinion helllp
Is this HUD stat profile a nit?
Small Stakes NLH 1-2 $300 Cap - What did villain have?
What is the official procedure for starting a hand in texas holdem heads up?
Fold AKo preflop?
Playing the SB pre-flop in omaha cash games general strategy
Is it legal to play online poker in New Jersey? If so, is it worth it?
Playing low cards in position
behavior at the poker table after a big bet
mucked or not in texas hold em
How to manage money in the early stages of a poker journey
What happens to the little blind ante?
Preflop and Flop action with KK
A list of funny / non competetive Poker Variants
What are the best open source bots available for NLHE (2 player and multiplayer)
Do older players tend to never bluff?
My opponent turned his cards over in error
Pretty new to poker, wondering how this hand wins
Who gets what and why does a player making three others fold get nothing
I am so confused with All-In of Limit Holdem
Need analysis of flop bluff shove
What are good poker books from the last 4 years
Correct call from EV perspective? [PLO]
Straight vs Three of a kind in flop
Mucking cards in holdem
Texas Holdem going all in with cards under your chips
Poker odds calculation of winning hand type
what is the poker all double pair rules at the time of conflicting hand and board pair?
In a poker game with a double-sized deck, does a "Flush Pair" have a special rank?
What happens to the chips in the middle if someone is disqualified?
Showing your cards after your opponent has mucked his
High Card Flush - seems easy to get a 3 or 4 card flush
What are the betting rounds for badugi?
Someone else took my cards from the muck
How does one get comfortable with the honesty of online casinos?
Tie-related question
Etiquette: Why is it rude to ask to see a mucked bluff?
What to consider in order to build a Pre-Flop range chart (Hold-em)?
Small stakes $1-$2 $200 Cap - What to do inside straight flush draw?
Which player bets first, relative to the dealer chip, if there are only 3 players left? What about 2?
Hu Plo KQT2 on flop T84
texas hold um no limit
Dealer has three 8 club spades and hearts 2 of spades and K of spades
if first player goes all in and only has 700, but the blinds are 800 how much do the remaining players need to put in
What are the odds of this?
Poker game notation PGN as in chess
what are the odds of hitting a flush with 2 suited cards before the floop
What to do if you are dealt AA at the begining of a tournament
Rules on players exposing card before all players bet
ROI in multi-table tournamments
Shortstack SB calling range against UTG
How is cash game winner reward calculated?
Ace vs King and Queen (texas holdem)
Why not wait for the river
When to fold second best flush on the River (got three bet shoved and lost to full house)
Winning with pocket quads at omaha hi low
Call all in decision
All in for less than big blind, post flop
Why is full house called full house?
Would this be a shared pot on table k.j.8.5.4. Diamonds player1 has q of diamonds player 2 has 8.5. Spades who wins
Is NLHE "solved"?
Should I shove or 4-bet with AA
Pluribus games data
Postflop guidelines
Which probability to get any combination on flop with AA?
How are all the raise options calculated in poker software
Chance of winning heads-up by always shoving pre-flop
Initial betting options on the preflop, and other streets on poker software
Is a straight and a flush a straight flush?
What would be the main difference to poker if the deck would be extended?
Facing donk lead and call on flop ... what now?
Showing cards before showdown, all-in situation
I started playing on a poker site in India. Is the following scenario possible :
Playing fast and slow ... with apologies to Kahneman
How do you adjust your preflop range to opens?
How the poker hud work
How to develop a HUD tool for android emulator?
Confusion about two pair rule in poker, can someone help me who will win
Where can I play poker with a bot?
After a Misdeal
Can I show a folded hand and win the pot?
Facing a shove on an ugly river
What hand is this?
Odds that 1 pair on flop, will improve to house /quads by river?
