What is the political goal for an independent country to deny a common language with a bigger neighbour?
Why does the US government not enforce federal laws against Colorado's legalization of marijuana?
What's the position of Hillary Clinton regarding recreational use of marijuana?
What's the position of Donald Trump regarding recreational use of marijuana?
The causal relationship between economic development and democracy
Why hasn't South Korea restored its monarchy?
What happens if a top-ticket nominee becomes completely incapacitated near an election?
Tense Naval Interactions (US/Iran)
Authenticity of publications of Human Rights Watch
Could the British government un-trigger Article 50?
If Donald Trump is so unpopular with black voters, why is he leading in states where there are the highest percentage of black people?
Referendum on official contact with the Dalai Lama?
Is there a non-hierarchical political theory based on inequality?
What has divided the country so severely since Bill Clinton's election?
Has the way Unemployment is measured changed in the last 8 years?
What's the United States plan for post-Assad Syria?
Was Conservatism Edmund Burke's child?
What effect did Greece being a member of the EU have on its debt crisis?
Is a former U.S. president in any way barred from becoming a cabinet member?
Why does Russia hold hard on keeping Chechnya?
Does someone who already served two terms as president get “skipped” in the presidential line of succession?
Can a parish change boroughs?
EU refugee quota proposal
Would Hillary have anything to gain by participating in the debates if Trump refused to attend?
Who schedules US congressional votes and how flexible is this process?
United Nations people and national interests
What does 'robust political insult' mean?
Where can I find a summary of what was legislated over today?
How did various countries come to the position that Tibet is a part of China? Roughly which and how many countries do not have a position?
Why is North Korea developing nukes?
Can Gary Johnson or Jill Stein possibly participate in the second or third debates?
Why would the Russian Annexation of Crimea be illegal?
In two-round system, how common is that the two remaining candidates have more votes than all candidates (including both of them) on first round?
Demonstration Marches and their effectiveness
Is there a scientific political ideology?
How long in advance are designated survivors chosen?
Does it really make a difference when more people vote?
What is the preferred position on stage for a debate?
How Are Moderators for US Presidential Debates Chosen?
Did Donald Trump support the War in Iraq?
Can homeless people vote?
Why are the candidates allowed to speak after their two minutes runs out?
Does international aid always comes with certain terms?
What significance could the information in Donald Trump's tax return have to his campaign?
Why do candidates wear "the other team's color" in debates?
Do European Parliamentary leaders have greater standing in their own parties than American Presidential candidates?
Why were these amendments introduced to H.R. 5325 in this manner?
Is there a way for Germans to initiate closing of the borders?
I don't have an address and I want to vote
The GOP, Obama administration, and Cuba
Is there any evidence that different length terms-of-office would be more effective for a President w.r.t. global policy?
Rise of Alternative for Germany
Should an elected official feel obligated to vote on an issue based on the majority opinion of his constituents?
What voting system is used (in the majority of states) for the US presidential (electoral) vote?
Does the Twelfth Amendment allow the possibility of a President and Vice President from different parties being elected?
Would Obama's viewing Trump's tax returns be seen as overstepping his authority?
What are implementation details of Taiwan independence?
What policies are there that can boost the national English proficiency of a country?
Why has Trump completed erased Clinton's lead in Ohio?
Multiple/ Changing running mate in US presidential election
What court would rule on Jasta dispute, and who would enforce the ruling?
Can Canada still become part of the USA?
What are the drawbacks of the US making tactical first use of nuclear weapons against terrorist sites?
Trump: voter fraud is a big problem in the US which nobody has the guts to talk about
Phenomenon where politically incorrect candidates do better in actual elections than in polls?
Massachusetts Absentee Ballot: Pencil or Pen?
AGIL scheme of Talcott Parsons
Why there is so much neglect and even the hate of socialism/communism as the postcapitalism?
People Writing in Pence for President
Is there a mechanism for replacing major party candidates who quit US presidential election?
Why do China and Pakistan have such a strong bond?
Who supplies Saudi Arabia with weapons?
Why would the Russian government use hackers and email leaks to try to interfere with the 2016 U.S. presidential election?
Why are the poor in the US not submitting propositions about taxing the bank accounts of the wealthy?
Does the US economy's future depend on equilibrium?
Why don't governments follow the "save in good times, spend in bad times" rule?
What happens if no candidate reaches 270 electoral votes?
Why can't we vote against a candidate in an election?
On Acts of War, Preemptive Strikes, Defense Pacts, and Offensive vs Defensive Wars
What happens in Utah, if no candidate gets more than 50% of the vote?
Russia and the Security Council resolution on a Syria ceasefire
Why does the USDA handle the food pyramid?
What happens if Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton drop out of the American presidential race?
Why did Aristotle refuse democracy?
Is there any country without any embassies?
Why is the word "Depute" used in the title of Scottish National Party secondary leader?
Could Bernie Sanders win the US Presidential election through write in votes?
Hasn't libertarianism already proven to fail?
What are the rules of what goes into referenda in Switzerland?
Which currency is used to set UK contributions to the EU?
Is the borderline between DPRK and Russia anyhow protected?
Can members of the Electoral College also cast a "normal" vote?
How many people were saved by guns?
What happens in the event of a tie for a 12th amendment House vote?
Why is there a 15% set threshold for pres. debates in the US, instead of 10 or 5%?
Is there an easy way to directly compare voting records of two US Senators or Representatives?
Voter registration fraud: how is citizenship checked?
Why did Gary Johnson's support erode in late October 2016?
International collaboration leading to economies of scale?
Why is Hillary Clinton campaigning in Arizona and buying ads in Texas?
Would the outgoing VP break a Senate tie for his successor?
Why has Article 50 of Brexit not been enabled yet?
What would happen if Donald Trump lost and refused to concede the election?
Is Trump's plan to make a wall realistic?
Are the US presidential debates pre-taped?
What timezone is the united-states FEC donation deadline measured in?
Has any US President-Elect ever failed to take office?
Why is Trump not firm on accepting the election result?
What is the minimum number of justices for the SCOTUS?
When is the authority to launch a nuclear strike transitioned?
How many times did Robert Creamer visit Obama's White House?
Who is more powerful, a senator or a representatives in the U.S Congress?
Why does Russia need to win Aleppo for the Assad regime before they can withdraw?
Clinton Foundation Foreign Donations and Article 1 Section 9
Would a native of a future state be a natural born citizen?
How are potential terrorist organizations evaluated for inclusion on terrorist watch list?
What are some of the "true" swing states in the U.S 2016 election cycle?
Why can a candidate be on the ballot for 2 parties?
What are the upsides or advantages to the USA of intervening in Syria?
Why does a federation need so many laws?
How much of America does Saudi Arabia own now days?
Why does a country like the United States have vote bank politics?
Would the Spanish People's Party have the capacity to veto Scotland's entry to the EU while governing in minority?
India: Can an MLA/MP of a party become a minister in a government ruled by different party?
Term for using immigrants to gain long term political advantage
Why do we vote?
What are Donald Trump's legal options if he loses the Presidential Election?
How do "first spouses" work in European parliamentary systems?
Can a United States President pardon him/herself?
Can Spider-Man legally register to vote (without revealing his identity) like he did in this PSA?
Is the military used for disaster control and public order, if not, why?
How can international treaties like TTIP be secret and effective?
How are Electoral College electors chosen for write-in votes for President?
One of the candidates for state legislature suspended their campaign. What happens if they win?
Can the Chief Justice be demoted to Associate Justice of the Supreme Court?
Why is participation rate for US presidential elections so low?
Are there any pan-social laws?
What is the current stance of the Greek ΣΥΡΙΖΑ government on CETA?
What election is going on?
Why UK, Canada, Australia and NZ would not want to build a free movement union like EU?
Is there a good estimate of how British citizens (not non-British citizens) voted in the Brexit referendum?
What is gerrymandering?
How does gerrymandering work in the US?
Why do unstable countries prefer a black market for currency to exist, rather than accepting the real exchange rate?
Has Syria protested the violation of its airspace by US and European military aircraft?
Why is the FBI making such a big deal out Hillary Clinton's private email server?
Presidential vs Parliamentary system of governmet
Where can I find US election results by county from before 1920?
What is the chain of custody of a mail-in election ballot?
How do PACs build lists for door knockers?
Can an elected but not sworn in President elect be impeached?
What other nationally-recognizable political figures used private email accounts or servers for official business other than Hillary Clinton?
Why is Trump spending less than Hillary Clinton?
Have pollsters examined the possibility of a "shy Tory factor" in the 2016 presidential election?
What if campaign money was used to fund government programs?
Reasons for the Dakota pipeline protest?
Gubernatorial election 2017 in Jakarta - dates when Governor takes office
Can the US election be postponed if the FBI reopens the investigation?
Is Trump's focus on Clinton's emails beneficial to his campaign?
Are Opinion Polls as accurate as they once were in America?
Can the UK sabotage EU agreements prior to article 50
Can California vote to leave the US?
What policies exist to help elderly homeless people with serious mental disabilities?
What would happen if Hillary Clinton was convicted and sent to prison?
What will happen to 'Nathan Johnson'?
Why is "Equal Pay for Equal Work" regulation controversial?
Supreme Court Nominations
U.S. president-elect impeachment trial before taking office?
South Korean Cabinet and National Assembly
Were there any U.S. Presidents that were very unpopular when elected?
Why are the candidates at the bottom end of polls still trying?
Is it possible to rig the American presidential elections?
Where do Secret Service names come from?
Has Trump publicly stated during what period he believed the USA to be great?
Could faithless electors really change the USA president?
Who can, in the US, challenge the registration of a voter?
Did Trump ever state his opinion of Theodore Roosevelt?
Why are they called faithless electors?
Why can the President campaign for a candidate?
What happens to assets seized from foreign presidents due to corruption allegations?
Will the British Parliament prevent "Brexit"?
What exactly differentiates Ba'athism?
If you sneak into a closed primary and vote as an independent, are you guilty of a crime?
What exactly differentiates Juche ideology?
How many people were barred from participating in the 2016 EU referendum because they lived outside the UK?
Where is the House of Representatives forecast on 538?
Does a greater margin of victory in the popular vote convert to political capital?
What's the relationship between a diplomatic mission and a delegation?
How tightly can a 501(c)(3) and 501(c)(4) operate as the same organization?
How do the proponents of reparations to the descendants of US slaves plan to identify the correct recipients?
Do news network collaborate with other networks when projecting the winner of a state?
How did shutting down a heavy use bridge in the Bridge-gate scandal benefit Christie?
Does Saudi Arabia support Baathist resistance in Iraq?
Can a Foreign Born Adopted child become President of the United States?
What is with the speech audience?
What candidates can be voted on in a deadlock in a general election?
Is the result of the general election final on 8th of Nov, 2016?
What does it take to start a new political party in Wisconsin
Identifying write-in presidential candidates
Why are there two white bins inside a voting machine?
Why do organizations and people try to convince others to vote in the US election?
If I show up after polls close can I vote?
Contesting the Race: Would the U.S. Supreme Court Intervene?
How are some counties announced in US election before polls close?
Philadelphia, Pa. voting machine
How would Donald Trump go about bringing back industry to the US without making all the TNCs go bankrupt?
What makes a law proposal eligible for voting by the public?
How can Indiana already be won even though only 8% of polls have reported?
What are the rules for reporting vote counts on election night by the news media?
Which electors are chosen in divided state?
Why do so few people vote for the Green Party?
How do I read the US Presidential Election Results as shown by Google?
What is the exact process for counting my presidential election ballot?
How many Americans emigrated into "socialist" countries?
Voting strategy when you can vote for multiple candidates?
What does 'flip' mean?
Why are the last U.S. states to get their votes in all swing states?
What is this line of counties voting for the Democratic party in the 2016 elections?
Which states had ballot initiatives to legalize marijuana in 2016?
Why does the US need real electors and doesn't just use virtual electors?
Could the voting system be hacked?
Historically how often has the losing candidate decided not to come out on election night to make a statement?
Can Trump undo the UN climate change agreement (Paris Agreement)?
To what degree have Wikileaks influenced the 2016 US election?
Why were pre-election polls and forecast models inconsistent with the election of Donald Trump?
Can a president win the electoral college and lose the popular vote
What are some of the impediments to the dismantlement of Obamacare
Has there ever been an instance where a couple were independently elected to be President of a democractic government?
What is the most someone can lose the popular vote by but still win the electoral college?
Have US Officials ever commented on the results of foreign elections?
Is election-driven suicide common?
What happens to staff when a congressperson leaves office?
Did anyone run IRV models/simulations on 2016 US election?
Is there any chance results for the 2016 US presidential election have been tampered with?
Whom are people voting for in US primaries?
What is the process for re-evaluating voting results in light of a compromised voting system?
Is there a way to block an elected President from entering office?
Can a US state put a sales tax on foreign made goods?
How do these differ: Politics vs Political Science vs Political Philosophy vs Political Theory?
Where can I do my own analysis of exit poll data?
Does the electoral vote count ever get reallocated between states?
Michigan Results- Provisional Ballots
The accuracy of real time election result reporting
Can Obamacare be repealed through budget reconciliation?
Who is this young person beside Trump at his victory speech?
Why is New Hampshire more conservative than Vermont?
Isn't the Electoral Vote made so unqualified or "Charismatic Tyrants" can not become president?
How did Hillary Clinton win the popular vote but lose the election (2016)?
Are concession speeches legally binding?
What are some examples of "electoral tie" in the history of the USA?
If judges are supposed to be impartial, why are some elected if that risks them having biases towards their constituents?
What causes the large delay in reporting the final results of Arizona, Michigan and New Hampshire?
Could the US President be elected by Kevin Costner?
What process did Indian Government use to remove high value currency notes out of circulation?
What legal means does a USA President have to overturn a Supreme Court ruling?
How many seats of each political party are up for grabs in 2018 for the house of reps?
Is there any research on the influence of college professors' political views on graduates?
In a democracy, who takes care of the interests of the losing side?
Could Hillary Clinton become Donald Trump's Vice President?
Passing state laws that conflict with federal laws. How is it possible?
Are there any practical difficulties with switching to alternative voting systems in the US?
What will be the process and timescale for this proposal on retention of EU citizenship by UK nationals to be considered?
How can the US electoral college vote be so different to the popular vote?
Are all popular votes counted even when one candidate has an insurmountable lead?
Can faithless electors be grounds for impeachment?
What level of laws/rules is FPTP mandated by?
How can Trump be President-Elect before the Electoral College vote?
Why was the Republican party started in Wisconsin?
Why would Mexico be inclined to help pay for Trump's wall?
Only one candidate for a $180,000 political job?
Popular vote for the 2016 House election
Liberals comparing GOP candidates to Nazis, when did it start?
How many other presidents have we had before with such a lack of experience?
Can states amend their constitutions to pre-determine future elections?
Is there any law against bribing an elector?
What's the reason not all US states have proportional electoral college vote?
What is the maximum count of faithless electors Clinton can possibly get in 2016?
Effect of 15th and 19th Amendments to the U.S. Constitution on Representation
Is there a rule that suspend lawsuit during presidency
Why does mostly liberal California vote for death penalty?
Would offering to pay the fine for a faithless elector be bribery?
Can the US president reside somewhere else than the White House?
How accurate is the popular vote count?
Is Trump projected to win the popular vote?
Electors: Are Their Identities Public Information?
In America would it be possible to detain a President on the grounds of insanity?
Why Would the President-elect have a Transition Visit before December 19?
Instant runoff voting in US presidential elections
Shouldn't people be angry about computers and automation instead of Trade Deals?
Who would have won the 2016 presidency if all states' electors were allocated proportionally?
What made the popular vote in the US presidential election so close?
What effect would the Wyoming Rule, if in place, have had on the elections since the year 2000?
Does Mike Pence have a chance of being elected as POTUS by the House?
Can the USA president use military force against his/her own citizens without approval?
Why would Iran adhere to a nuclear non-proliferation agreement when North-Korea didn't?
Can Obama put extra checks at this stage, on America's nuclear weaponry, with a Trump Presidency?
Can the President put his assets in a blind trust managed by his family members?
Where does the phrase "reason in revolt" originate from?
Which website was Donald Trump mentioning?
Unaccounted for electoral votes
Can Americans use national debt holdings to pressure the government?
What is the point of political repression from the government's point of view?
Do any countries allow same-sex marriage and prohibit adultery?
What influences a country having or not having an official language?
What does it mean for someone to be a refugee?
What do these regions, that voted for the Democratic party in the 2016 election, have in common?
How can minority churches such as Protestant survive in a stricly secular state like France?
What's the greatest number of faithless electors that the US experienced in a single US election?
What requirements are there for becoming a supreme court justice?
What would it take for a NATO member to leave?
Granting citizenship for belonging to religion
Does empirical evidence exist that suggests that African Americans and/or Latinos are more likely to be Republican if they are in the middle class?
Would Canada have to leave the Commonwealth to have a president?
How many votes are needed for the President to deport illegal aliens?
What specifically did Hillary Clinton say or do, to seem untrustworthy to Americans?
Is #calexit possible?
How could the USA get money from Mexico for a wall?
Do American citizens have the right to prevent a president from taking the oath of office?
How big is Iran's military budget?
Chain of command on Inauguration Day
Did Trump use social media successfully to gain votes?
What's the definition of "fake news" in the context of facebook?
Is the Russian legislature unusually enthusiastic about Trump's victory?
Is there a name for this method of allocating electors? (Iterated rounding?)
How can we protect net neutrality?
What would be needed for the U.S. to abolish or reform the electoral college?
What prompted the high turnout in presidential elections from 1840-1896?
Could the results of presidential election still change?
How much can the President delegate to the VP or his staff?
Is it typical for a president to fill his cabinet with campaign staff and campaigners?
Could California Ratify the Paris Agreement?
Why do people talk about the "first 100 days" of a presidency?
Would it be feasible to give younger, healthier americans the ability to buy into medicare?
Have the Republican and Democratic parties "swapped places" in some ways?
Function of an Acting President, and possible infringement of separation of powers
Anonymous donation regulations from the Federal Election Commission
In first-past-the-post/winner-takes-all elections, is turnout higher in marginal seats / swing states?
Would a communist society work?
Eurozone countries surpassing their allowable deficit of 3% GDP
Is it possible to use blockchain or public ledgers for voting?
Why is abstaining so common in the UN General Assembly?
Modi's Demonetization move?
Why is government usually divided in exactly three specific branches
Do Amish (Pennsylvania Dutch or others) in US own their means of production?
How does the Flemish government attempt to reduce the francisation of the Flemish rim/Brussels Periphery?
When the UK parliament passed the 2016 EU referendum, did MPs support a 50% threshold?
Correlation between divisory campaigning by mainstream parties and racial/political aggressions?
Why religious fractionalization index of Turkey so low given %20 percent of Alevi existance?
Secret ballot vs vote by mail
Why are certain views/values amassed in one party, like Republican vs Democrat?
Do United States police officers answer to the president before the mayor?
A small set of questions on objections to the Electoral College vote by members of Congress
Why were European organisations named so ambiguously and confusingly?
How quickly can new US tax code be implemented?
Why is the House of Representatives fixed at 435 members?
What is the purpose of protesting the result of a democratic election where there is universal suffrage?
Trump Campaign Effectiveness
Why countries selling passports is bad?
If authoritarian regimes are so bad, why do we see so many of them?
Can the US president be impeached through a petition?
Is the National Front's presidential election chances dependent on which party opposes it in the run-off?
What is the reason for Nicolas Sarkozy's decline?
What would be the effect of allowing voting against a particular candidate?
Do the big donors to a losing US presidential candidate ever get their money back?
Why is there shown an electoral vote for Trump in Maine on the Wikipedia?
What if the wrong successor to POTUS is sworn in
What makes a country need a "Strong Authoritarian" state?
Statistics on vote by mail in the US presidential elections
Are the death threats against Trump electors unprecedented in America?
Precedent for a sitting President not residing in the White House?
Why was there a swing against the nationals in the NSW Orange by election (2016)?
November 22, 2016 article about the Syrian Civil War
Is there a way the US president could extend his immunity in the future?
Where are the missing 16 delegates in the US presidential election?
Are votes in electronic voting machines always manually counted?
How would a minority party in the Senate be able to delay the appointment of the President-elect's cabinet?
What fossil fuel regulations does President-elect Trump pledge to scrap?
How would a recount help ascertain the results of the 2016 US Presidential election?
What are the changes being made to the NSW ICAC (Independent commission against corruption)
Why don't ALL voting machines get fed a test batch of ballots before the election to prevent tampering/hacking?
Why did Chancellor Merkel invite just five European leaders to Berlin at "Obama's final day in Berlin"?
How are voting results from local precincts tabulated and passed to the news media?
What will happen if Wisconsin can't finish the recount in time?
After the 2004 Ohio recount campaign, on what charges was an election administrator subsequently jailed?
How many dictatorships governments does the US currently support?
Who will be able to see the names and contact information of people who donate to the Stein/Baraka recount efforts?
What happens if any of Jill Stein's recounts find evidence of major issues and it's impossible to say who won a state?
Why does it take so long time to count votes in US elections?
How free are Cuban citizens to leave the country these days?
Will the changes to the NSW ICAC reduce its effectiveness?
What would happen if all the Western states imposed embargo on the products from China?
Did Castro seek thermonuclear war with the US?
How are US presidential electors nominated?
Is cycling or support for cycling infrastructure correlated with other political views?
Taking over cellphone when texting while driving
Are there any other entities, apart from Flanders, whose parliament and government are located outside its territory?
Is there a trend or common explanation for House seats won by Republicans where Trump lost?
Why doesn't the popular vote for past elections tally?
Why is Cuba still leasing Guantanamo Bay to the US?
How do governments stop hyperinflation?
Literature on Private Countries
What due process rights are granted to enemy combatants at GITMO?
Why is driver's test privatization in purvue of Israel's Supreme Court?
Why aren't authoritarian governments overthrown sooner?
Why does the UK Parliament still prohibit members from resigning?
What does this comparison between Steven Mnuchin and Forrest Gump mean?
How is the power of the FBI in the US limited to not threaten separation of powers?
What sort of evidence might WI require to _not_ use a machine recount?
How is it possible to know your vote was _not_ counted?
How would tampering with voter registration rolls be detected?
Obamacare coverage gap... I don't get it
Data on foreclosed IndyMac mortages after WestOne Bank acquired assets?
Why does the US still have an embargo on Cuba?
The US Congress has passed a restoration of sanctions on Iran; can the President veto it?
Is passing extension of sanctions on Iran against JCPOA?
What is the difference between an independent and an unlabelled candidate?
Does Donald Trump have a position on funding of United Nations?
Can one person run for US President as a candidate for two different parties?
Voter Turnout Discrepancy
If Puerto Rico votes to become USA's 51st state, what effect would it have on Spanish being the primary official language?
Typically, are actual ballots required to be visible to election recount observers?
Interdependence and independence of powers
Has no one from the US government really talked to Taiwan for decades?
What is the purpose of the code on New York ballots?
Concession speeches
How much would the US economy suffer if they stopped military spending?
Are the votes counted by a voting machine with tampered seals valid?
I want to know if there is a way to actually see with my own eyes proof that my personal vote was counted
On November 8, were only the two major parties available as options to voters?
Does the Monarch of the United Kingdom have any Hard power Left to exercise?
How could the ACA have been passed with reconciliation, but can only be repealed partially using the same?
Why do politicians make so much money?
By what percent do state undervote counts usually vary over successive election years?
Why didn't anyone talk about 'supporting the democratically elected government' in Syrian uprising as they did in the coup in Turkey and save lives?
How would a tie for third place in the Electoral college vote be broken?
Has Donald Trump explained changes in some of his views after the election?
What sort of evidence exists that higher salaries for political offices attract better candidates?
What is this new insignia in Iraq?
How many terms can a former vice-president president serve?
Why aren't there any right wing versions of GetUp in Australia?
How do banks cooperate with the NSA?
UN's decision to publicly endorse a political candidate
What happens to ballot papers after an election in Australia?
Can the Commander in Chief order the Army Corp of Engineers to approve DAPL?
Has Donald Trump given a public opinion about the Electoral College?
Is there any instances where the results changed after the elected leader took office?
How does the Library of Congress have the authority/standing to overturn a State Department position?
How does the timeline of Donald Trump's appointments compare to that of previous President-elects?
Can I vote for two country elections with dual citzenship?
What is Donald Trump's official position on the Syrian civil war?
Is UKIP's posture based fundamentally on a conspiracy theory, and if so how does it work?
Power distribution between the City Council and County Council in US city/counties
US Defense Secretary--Chain of command to the President
How to lobby for a specific change to military spending?
Why might the Russians want Trump to win?
Has a court ever struck down an election result in the United States?
Do public referenda overrule political rights, or are they an expression of democracy?
What happens economically if a country prints lots of cash but bans any price increase?
Can the Senate reject all cabinet nominees?
What happened to the money Jill Stein collected for the 2016 recount?
Is there evidence that phone polling led to people's votes being "outed"?
Do any jurisdictions take steps to protect people's votes from being "outed" by the polls?
Ballpark estimate of how much was spent on legal fees to oppose the Green Party recount?
Why are some wage taxes officially paid by the employer, even though they're really paid by the employee?
Territories Ability to Vote
Did USA interfere in Putin's elections (parliamentary election in December 2011)?
What are the viewpoints and policy positions of the Israeli right wing?
Does Iran violate the JCPOA by developing nuclear-powered warships?
When will the votes of the electoral college become public (knowledge)?
Is the H1-B visa program an executive initiative or a statutory mandate?
Why do people keep saying Hillary Clinton is in the woods?
What caused the Rep. party members' dramatic shift on views on Russia?
Data on US Presidential Elections by income and race
Are there Democratic politicians or groups that support Trump's positions, and if so why?
Is the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights a reliable source?
Is there a theory, that states that there is more lobbying in higher regulated industries?
Does the Polish parliament keep a compendium of its votes?
What role did Comey and the Podesta email leaks play in Clinton's loss?
China seizes drone in Phillipine waters?
Do "majority criterion" voting systems always result in "center-squeeze" effect?
Does Gibbard–Satterthwaite theorem apply to all voting systems?
All time highest net worth of a Presidential cabinet in constant dollars?
What are the consequences of having a name on a European joint resolution?
How does the alt-right differ from the far-right?
Why have no US government officials been charged under the Geneva convention?
How much have carbon-based industries invested in anti-climate-change lobbying in Australia?
Why would a school in Istanbul be asked to cancel Christmas celebrations?
Why are electoral college votes not secret?
Did the candidacy of Ross Perot swing the 1992 presidential election?
Why register a party affiliation in a state with open primaries?
Why is there such a disconnect between congressional approval rating and re-election rate?
Could a lengthy enough political gridlock entirely depopulate the Supreme Court?
Do skilled immigration policies harm developing countries?
Congressional Review Act--Is it Constitutional?
Why is First past the post used in so many countries?
Electors voting rights
If the Supreme Court were depopulated, what powers would be lost?
How did US Senate classes get so unbalanced?
You can always hire 1/2 of the poor to kill the other 1/2
Is a congressman or senator legally obligated to consider the welfare of "long-term guests" or "frequent visitors" in their district?
Was there a major shift in the civil war in Libya in the last twelve months?
Censure due to holding an Army commission and a seat in Congress
Unexpected presidential transitions and the cabinet
What are the rules for filling community councillor vacancies in Wales?
How exactly are the number of super delegates determined for the Democratic primaries?
Does the UN Security Council votes 14-0 to condemn Israeli settlement have binding consequences for Israel?
Why has Vermont been so reliably blue since 1992, despite being so white and rural?
What alternatives to a two-state solution have members of the Israeli Right proposed?
Do Anglophone and Francophone Canadians still have issues?
Why does the USMC perform duties which are in the remit of the Army?
How people in US and UK think about selling weapons to Saudi-Arabia?
Can communism be effective in a post scarcity economy?
Why do some countries recognise Taiwan as the sole legitimate government of China?
What are the greatest accomplishments of the United Nations?
Does a one-party system of government preclude it from being a Republic?
Who has more "diplomats", Russia or the United States?
Who are the five prisoners Donald Trump referred to in the following tweet?
Why is Egypt transferring the control of two islands to Saudi Arabia?
Why did Obama decide to expel Russian diplomats?
Do empirical indices exist to evaluate and contrast Foreign Policy programs of heads of state?
Are Democrats alleging that Russia tampered with the vote tallies?
Birth tourists, American visas, citizens and integration, how does it play out?
How many jobs were created during Obama's presidency?
Can the outgoing US president sign bills from the new Congress?
What did Kerry mean with "Israel can either be Jewish or democratic – it cannot be both"?
The "butterfly ballot" of 2000, does Florida have different presidential ballots for each county?
Is there a website that breaks down the 2012 presidential election results by congressional district?
How can the Indian government ban old notes without passing any bill/law?
What is the risk of Russia invading Baltics?
What info in the hacked DNC/Clinton emails was likely to sway the US general election?
Could a US President abuse their pardon powers to unilaterally make laws?
How does STAR Voting compare with plain Score Voting?
Why there are no modern examples of governments (rather than parliaments) allocated proportionally?
What authority does the Benelux parliament have?
Can the UK parliament push a legislation, actively opposed by the Queen?
Are there any rules/laws that would prevent 100% surveillance of Capitol/WH for transparency purposes?
French Presidential Election 2017: When will the PS announce its candidate + independants
Are central banks really as undemocratic as some people say they are?
What explains the big "D" shift in Utah in the last 4 years?
Why has the USA suddenly sanctioned seven Pakistani companies?
Why is imposing vaccination / immunization so hard to achieve?
Corporate income taxes in U.S only 11% of government tax revenue?
What are the key differences between the Stolen Valor Act of 2005 and the Stolen Valor Act of 2013?
Has power been stripped away from the US Constitution, during the Obama Administration?
How does the Majority Judgment voting system fare?
Silence about Syria deafening
Procedure to choose voters for State Legislative Council
How did George W. Bush make torture legal and what did Obama undo?
Why aren't police obliged to keep the information about terrorists secret?
Who runs the USA when the presidents are switching?
If the U.S. government owns a patent that says cannabis has medicinal value, why is it a schedule 1 controlled substance?
How replaceable are "career" bureaucrats by new administrations?
Regarding US embassy move to Jerusalem
Have US presidential farewell addresses traditionally been broadcast?
In general elections, what percent of registered party voters defect, on average?
What happens after impeachment?
Progressive income taxes
Who was the reporter to whom Donald Trump said "You're fake news"?
Is it possible to make donations to the Treasury?
Why can't laws be shorter?
Why haven't North Korea already used their nuclear weapons?
What are the US's major goals in the South China Sea?
Are we currently seeing another ideological realignment happening in today's unstable political climate?
Get rid of national debt from excess campaign funds
Why don't alcohol products have to list ingredients and nutritional facts in the U.S.?
What's the difference between being awarded the Presidential Medal Of Freedom with distinction/without?
What is the USA's benefit stationing troops and hardware in Poland?
Can US ban China from the islands?
What exactly did Congress pass at 1:30 am on January 12, 2017?
Date of swearing in US congressmen
Can the US president get around rejected cabinet nominees by not nominating a replacement?
Why did the US prohibit alcohol (instead of some other substance) during Prohibition
Why does Assange fear Sweden will extradite him to the USA?
Why are bulletproof vests illegal in many countries?
What are most common formulas for computing inequality?
Why was the prohibition of intoxicating liquor enacted through a constitutional amendment?
How many US flags over the US Capital in 2016 or 2017?
What is this symbol doing on Donald Trump's podium?
Native America Trust Land - Can it be taken away legally?
Why are not mayors terms limited as for the presidents? (especially in developing countries)
campaign contributions by source
Is @realDonaldTrump a parody account?
What are the benefits of mass surveillance on U.S. citizens?
Do sanctions really serve their purpose?
Why have the Venona materials not yet vindicated McCarthyism?
Have members of congress ever previously boycotted a U.S. president-elect's inauguration?
Can someone in the Presidential Line of Succession be "skipped"?
Could Donald Trump reverse Chelsea Manning's commutation?
Blockchain-based services (developing & developed countries)
Why did Obama commute Chelsea Manning's sentence?
Why is the Clinton Global Initiative being closed?
Could Snowden (in theory) be pardoned by the US president?
Are education vouchers lawful?
What mechanisms exist to prevent "hard" Brexit?
Why do the Dutch Euro coins have a religious inscription on their edge?
Is There a "Pig Painting" Timeline?
Difference between nationalism and patriotism
Is there any evidence to suggest a shift in ideology or attitudes towards children and childhood in the welfare issue of poverty?
How can US presidents commute criminal sentences?(i.e. Manning Jan 17), but UK Prime-ministers can't?
President for a day?
Why are republicans so eager to repeal Obamacare without having a replacement?
If Russia hacked the election, how or why can we proceed with inaugurating Trump?
What makes "Voter ID laws" so controversial in the US?
Can a president-elect be sworn in BEFORE Jan 20th (but after electoral college vote certification on Jan. 6th)?
Have performers been threatened for performing at inaugurations before?
What are the rules and protocols of US presidential press conferences?
Why is the President's inauguration always on the 20th of January after the Presidental election?
Why didn't the West want to invest in infrastructure-development of poor countries before, like what is China doing now?
If a Brexit deal fails, is there a default fallback regarding movement of people?
How much is the wall across the Mexico & US border going to cost?
How does the work of cabinet members get done while appointments are awaiting Senate confirmation?
Prayer at the Presidential Inauguration
What were the military men doing behind Donald Trump when he began his speech?
Did China censor Obama's inauguration in 2013?
Inauguration Day and succession
At Trump's inauguration, who was the man in the wheelchair and why is he important?
What is the precise meaning of "controlling" a territory?
Trump to prosecute rioters under Federal Law?
What arguments are there against ranked-choice voting?
Was Obama's HUD mortgage rate fee reduction a renewal, or a first time thing?
What are the flags beside the US flag at Trump's inauguration day?
Trump inauguration opposition
Could Senate Democrats do anything to block Donald Trump's nominations?
What's the most accurate account of the current President's monetary debts?
The Role of Government
Can political protests have a significant impact immediately after the general elections?
Why would Palestinians be offended if the US deliberations to move its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem proceed?
Will English be dropped as an official/working language of the EU after Brexit?
Was Mike Pence Vice President to Obama for a few minutes?
What are arguments for and contra for a bill "To end membership of the United States in the United Nations."
Are there any countries that require political parties to be democratically organised (and accept members)?
In which timezone's "noon" does the US presidency turn over?
What were the goals of the woman's march during Trump's inauguration?
Why would nationalist parties in Europe meet each other?
Can Cabinet nominees be denied a position following a Senate confirmation hearing?
Could Obama have secretly pardoned Hillary?
Why do the USA and the European Union treat GMOs so differently?
Can future US administrations still rejoin the TPP?
Could Congress place Congressional holds on any funding?
The Oil-for-Food Programme vs Iran
How many people would it take for California to run the country?
What is the significance of holding a vote before UK Parliament to invoke Article 50 in comparison to Royal Prerogative?
What reason would the Obama Administration have for releasing $221M to Palestine, right before leaving office?
Did President Obama put any conditions of the aid to Palestinians to prevent funding terrorists?
What are the 'category' items defined in the UK government bills RSS feed?
Common Travel Area (CTA) would conflict with Brexit?
Why did the USA finance Israeli Arrow Interceptor missile program?
How is the schedule for Senate Committees determined in Canada?
Distribution of illegal/legalized Jewish settlements in the Oslo zones
Why is there so much talk about this picture of crowd size at the inauguration?
What is the effective difference between the Trump EPA freeze and just closing it down?
Difference between Executive Orders and Presidential Memoranda
What is Sweden's historical violent crime rate vs. immigration rate?
What would be needed for the Clean Water Act to be cancelled?
What is 'post truth', and why do I hear it all the time?
What does Donald Trump's temporary refugee ban mean for Australia's resettlement deal signed last year?
Social media impact on Trump's presidency
What electoral mechanisms might prevent the rise of a demagogue?
If the US Presidential Election was based on popular votes, what strategies would be most effective to win?
Why does Donald Trump continue the fight against the mass media?
What is the most Executive Orders signed by a US President in a single four year term?
Does Trump's wall require congressional approval?
where can I get a live feed or current site listing ALL executive orders including as they are presented and signed?
What current source(s) of funding is Donald Trump planning to use to pay for the Mexico/US border wall?
Why would a liberal be nervous under a conservative majority House/Senate/President, when a Senate vote for cloture requires 60 votes?
Where can I find the relationship between an Act Of Parliament and the Bill that was passed to create or amend it?
What mechanisms exist to prevent democracy turning into ochlocracy or tyranny of the majority?
The role of the Keystone pipeline in America's energy independence and relation to OPEC
At Trump's inauguration, who is this dapper-looking man and why is he important?
If the VP were to invoke the 25th amendment to remove the President as unfit for office, would acting secretaries be able to consent?
Can sitting US presidents repeal their own Executive Orders?
Which portions of rural/metropolitan voter income have benefited from regional voting tendencies?
Can the United States withdraw/renegotiate from NAFTA without approval from the Senate?
Can the Overton window split?
What part of Sanctuary City deportation is unconstitutional?
Liability cap on car accident damages on public roads
Does the United States tax exports?
Could Mexico go to the World Trade Organization if a 20% tax is enforced on their US exports
Why does the failure of a Trident test matter when we are going to replace it anyway?
Would the Trump administration be breaching the United Nations Convention against Torture if they bring back interrogative torture?
Why is voter registration necessary in the US voting system?
Since they have large autonomy, are U.S. states responsible for international policy and relations in any way?
What was the Bush administration's public explanation on Iraq invasion when they failed to find Iraq's WMDs?
Has a US President ever nominated a sibling to the federal courts or the Supreme Court?
Did the government of Pakistan and Military officially admit that Osama Bin Laden was captured in Abbottabad?
What made Saddam Hussein believe that he could get away with the Kuwait invasion?
Which modern President had the worst win rate at the Supreme Court?
Are the Legality of Votes Cast by Non-Citizens Checked After They Have Been Cast?
Do countries frame their contributions in climate change negotations in reference to others?
What happens to signed bills? And what happens if they're destroyed?
Who are the people standing around in Trump's office, and how much are they paid?
Is it possible for an EU country to incorrectly report annual deficit in order to obey Maastricht Treaty threshold?
Is there an officially stated reason why Trump's ban includes Iran and Iraq, but not Saudi Arabia, Afghanistan, or Pakistan?
Why Trump's ban includes Iran and Iraq, but not Saudi Arabia?
Do the Western countries sell arms or military equipment to China or vice versa?
Why are almost all of the United Nations headquarters located in Europe or America?
What's California's total public pension unfunded liability?
Can President Trump’s Immigration Order be reverted?
Why do people oppose immigration ban?
Have permanent US residents ever before been subjected to restrictions based on their origin country?
Why do airline companies and foreign government agencies have the right to prevent foreigners heading to US?
What exactly did the federal judge do to Trump's executive order?
Obama's 2011 ban on Iraqi refuges vs Trump's ban
Why are "third parties" viable in many democracies but not the USA?
How Would Trump Go About Adding Other Nations to the Travel Restriction List?
Are any of the notable critics of Trumps immigration ban on record as criticizing Iran's etc... ban on anyone connected to Israel?
Who drafts the executive order Trump signs?
What exactly is Trump's economic policy, and is it consistent with his previous statements?
Has Angela Merkel criticised travel bans on Israelis?
If someone sends in an early vote, but then dies, is their vote counted?
How often have majority parties plummeted in support in one election in democracies?
Why were Obama's refugee admissions so few during the bulk of Syrian crisis?
Are non-U.S. citizens permitted the same rights afforded by the constitution?
Trump's temporary ban and green card holders
How does having Dual-Citizenship work; are there exceptions allowing more?
Are Non-Muslims from the banned countries allowed?
What is the role of the White House Chief Strategist in the US National Security Council?
What percentage of the world's Muslim population is affected by Trump's so-called "Muslim" ban?
What are the pros and cons of only voting for first choice in SE moderator elections?
Travel ban order: why those countries?
What are the US rules around a former citizenship in country X, when becoming US Citizen?
Has the United States ever had a travel ban similar to the current one?
Can POTUS contribute to political campaigns?
Does Donald Trump's reelection filing create a different legal atmosphere for him and for nonprofit organizations?
What makes Turkey to continue as a major Western ally without much trouble while Pakistan is not?
Why does India follow a 'No First Use Policy' for nuclear weapons?
Was Sally Yates acting within her authority in defying Trump's executive order?
In the Travel Ban Executive order - What is the " Biometric Entry-Exit Tracking System?"
How can one not be able to resign?
Why are acting officials of an incoming administration all affiliated to the party of the outgoing administration?
How does France's electoral system work
How did the introduction of the GST affect state budgets in Australia
How easy is it to implement a National Sunday Law?
How could Trump leave office?
Is it legal for US non-government organizations to take funding from a foreign country and fund US candidates for office?
Which, if any, UK parliament petitions have ever succeeded?
Different Roles in US House of Representatives
Does a succeeding President select a new VP during succession?
Any public statements by McConnell that he's about to compel Democratic Senators to quorum?
Are there any legal documents allowing the US government to dictate the matter of abortion?
What did US Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch study as an undergraduate at Columbia University?
Can François Fillon be replaced as candidate of The Republicans to the presidential elections?
Why do some people say Cenk Uygur's wolfPAC won't work?
Can cloture for position nominations ever be returned to 60/100 in senate?
Tally of fake hate crimes?
Goldman Sachs Alumni in Trump Administration
Is there a publicly available definition of current congressional districts?
How would the PVV choose the people to sit in the seats they win?
Why don't nearest relatives have an automatic right to view a will?
What does a change of "currency of choice in financial and foreign exchange reports" mean?
What is the real cost of unconditional basic income for germany compared to social spending
What is the reasoning behind Trump's immigration ban?
How would the cost for health insurance change in Germany, if 40% instead of 90% were part of statutory insurance?
Did any Basic Income Guarantee proposals/models incorporate "live where you can afford" angle?
Is the U.S. still a democracy now that the President lost the popular vote?
Do politicians ever admit they made a bad decision?
Is it illegal to be a communist in South Korea?
The causality of some political situations, and meaning in text
Can the POTUS block federal funding to a particular research university?
Can US President indefinitely detain US citizen protesters by labeling them enemy combatants?
Number of winning coalitions of state in the electoral college
Rex Tillerson is a business leader. Have other business people held high office?
How does the ACLU decide which cases to take?
What voting majority is needed to present and pass cryptocurrency smartcards for social security in a ballot vote?
What does this mean "upending standard committee rules"?
Why does Russia always put importance on world dominance rather than economic development?
Why did the GOP change their strategy regarding the Affordable Care Act from ‘Repeal’ to ‘Repair’?
Are there any offices in the USA that require loyalty to the President?
What exactly are Donald Trump's views on "small government"?
What are consequences an EU country can face when it makes very problematic changes to the Criminal Law?
Why is Trump's omission of an explicit mention of Jews from the holocaust memorial a big deal?
Why does the KKK support Trump?
Why has the African Union readmitted Morocco?
How do leaders cross the language barrier during phone calls?
What would happen if a (democratic) government does not honour a court ruling?
What is the difference between the 2 successful court rulings (Seattle & New York) against Trump's immigration ban?
What are the advantages of the French two-round voting system against a one round alternative?
Can European Union refuse a USA Ambassador proposal? If yes, who decides?
Berkeley Riots: Protest or Infringment of Rights
Are the US President's phone calls recorded?
Rise of Domestic Terror Groups in the US
What major flaws does this particular Universal Basic Income model have, if any?
Developments leading the Western society to "post truth" / emotions (vs. facts)?
What was the legal basis for the federal court's nullification of the executive order banning travel?
The origin of the filibuster rule? And Mr Gorsuch's joke
What did my teacher mean when he said this about Bush?
Was Turkey’s intervention on Cyprus in 1974 legal based on the general principles?
How to launch a political petition successfully?
Which institution verifies the behavior of the U.S. President?
Can social media be regulated under the "public accomodations" clause of the Civil Rights Act?
Precedents for replacing a candidate selected through a primary
Can a US President declare a "State of Emergency"?
Have there been any cases of hypoxia-induced executions in the US or elsewhere in the world?
What could possibly initiate the Amendments of Constitution?
Robert Reich on Milo protesters - alternative facts?
What are the state-of-the art techniques for crowd size estimations?
Why is recent international (Europe, N-America, …) Islamist terrorism exclusively perpetrated by Sunnis?
How come that the most important countries in European Union have the largest number of pending infringements?
Political Preferences of Software Engineers in USA?
Has SCOTUS ever ruled explicitly based on "The Constitution is not a suicide pact" rationale?
Why would a government sell off student loans?
Does the Speaker of the House of Commons have the power to prevent HM Government allowing the US President to speak in the Palace of Westminster?
Did the Founders discuss the idea of someone amending the Constitution to radically change it?
Why is Trump's travel ban controversial? Why are so many people making a big deal out of it?
Why does India's Constitution say it's a “Sovereign Socialist Secular Democratic Republic”?
Recounting votes - isn't a recount just as prone to error as the initial count?
Why was the Burj Khalifa lit up in the colors of the Indian Flag on India Republic Day
How did slavery become a legal institution in the United States?
Does the Secretary of Education have to support public education?
Why is Instant Runoff Voting the accepted form of ranked voting?
How many bombs were dropped by the US military during Obama's entire presidency?
Did anyone associated with Nobel Peace Prize comment later on Barack Obama being awarded one?
Can the vice president of the United States be fired?
Can the US Senate stop the filibuster by silencing the minority?
Why is the US still in a state of emergency?
Why is populism seen as being negative or bad?
How can a country (UN or non-UN member) become a member of World Bank?
Why don't the other countries of Europe maintain as massive a military as Russia does?
How often do politicians pay extras to act the part of cheering crowds?
When would a new US Supreme Court justice start work?
What is the relation between "recognition" and "legality" of a country"?
Why is Jeff Sessions eligible to become Attorney General?
How would Germany increase its military size beyond 370,000 personnel?
Have Republicans ever complained about gerrymandering in the United States?
Doctrine combining environmentalism and social services with restrictive immigration and cultural policies
What influence do Democrats have in stopping Trump's nominations from being approved?
Is it legal for US President Trump to order the continued construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline?
Brexit vote passes through The Commons
Did Trump's administration indicate their opinion of whitehouse.gov petitions?
Why do the veto power and executive orders combined not make the US President a monarch?
Why did the former SSR countries like Lithuania, Estonia, and Latvia face no trouble joining NATO and EU?
How often are Senators called on for violating Senate rules?
Are there any organizations or political movements in the US that promote Borda Count Ranked Voting?
If the Democrats hadn't invoked the nuclear option in 2013, couldn't the Republicans could just invoke it today?
Are Senators not allowed to criticize each other on the Senate floor?
How many Senate Democrats voted against the nuclear option?
How uncommon is a Three Line Whip
Are there artists in Canada, USA or Europe who also claim to have been punished for going against government, corporate, media or military objectives?
In a Westminster system, why would the PM voluntarily dissolve a majority government?
Is there something inherently better in a 3-branch government system?
Precedents for White House plugging products?
How would the travel ban pressure Iran
What's the point of appealing the 9th circuit case to the Supreme Court?
Can the European Union declare an individual persona non grata?
Consequences for ethics violations by President and White House staff
Why do we collect taxes on income from labor?
What is this blue badge that Prime Minister Shinzo Abe likes to wear?
Calexit steps required
Is it typical for someone to be arrested over $20k violation of campaign finance laws?
Has Trump or his staff referred to other major political figures by their given names?
What is the fundamental problem with US-Iran relations nowadays?
Why is Iran buying passenger jets from USA and EU?
What are the international and country-based court decisions that make Northern Cyprus legal, and what is the reasoning behind them?
Attitudes of the two parties towards the central bank
Brexit: leaving Customs Union and/or Single Market -- what do these things really mean?
Regarding critics towards the New Deal
Do the the Census Bureau and the IRS of the USA employ or consult theolgians?
When did the custom of ex-President non-interference begin?
Why is there now a controversy over appointing the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu?
What percentage of troops support Trump according to latest polls?
Can illiberal democracy be considered a mature democracy?
Can a TV station refuse a politically oriented advertisement which does not comply with its editorial line?
Differences and Similarities Between a Democracy and a Republic
Why does Jezus Leeft receive a lower list number than StemNL despite participating in a smaller number of constituencies?
How does NOS determine invitees for electoral debates?
Can the same individual be MP in a national and the EU parliament?
If at some point President Trump was impeached, what would it take to actually be removed?
Can congress be sued?
Why is Schulze the most popular Condorcet election method?
Why haven't there been more experiments with the Universal Basic Income?
For the Dutch general election, how many candidates can be on a list?
What specifically did Michael Flynn do wrong?
Are non-residents allowed into "town halls"?
Are there Trump administration officials who are demonstrably more antagonistic to Russia?
When does Trump fill the empty FTC positions?
Does one have to be a US citizen to vote (or run) in municipal elections?
What factors lead to a 2 party vs a multi party system
Why was the GDR not a lawful successor to Nazi Germany, along with the FRG?
What would be the pros/cons of having weighted voting in the House of Representatives?
Why is Islamophobia not as demographically widespread in the USA?
What causes recent SPD gains in opinion polls?
What is the difference between an executive agreement and an executive order?
Have there been precedents of presidential campaigns communicating with foreign governments during the election campaign?
Has anyone researched which current/former rules changes would have been subjected to the REINS Act?
Why is modern left defending Islam(ism)?
How is it that the USACE found there will be no significant environmental impact of DAPL?
Why floor test conducted even after the Oath?
What motivation would Russia have to blackmail Trump and his administration?
Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles of China, France, Israel, and UK
Why aren't constitutional duties legally binding in India?
Agricultural subsidies of the EU: Why didn't / don't developing countries impose import tariffs on agricultural products?
Why don't cities plant more fruit trees?
Why are the exemptions for travelling from Ukraine to Crimea so narrow?
Would it be justified for a libertarian state to ban certain religious schools?
Why is banning communism symbols so hard to achieve as opposed to banning of Nazi symbols?
Did Charlie Hebdo ever publish any cartoon satirizing Judaism?
What is the fundamental problem of Kashmiri people with India?
What are the mandatory positions in the Cabinet of the United Kingdom?
What's Trump's stance on re-establishing connections with Cuba?
How do secular democratic government deal with religious laws?
What is the opinion of people of Japan about Article (9)?
Why States in India don't have elections at a same time?
Why is an MP required to comply with a Three Line Whip?
What do the terms 'Human Emancipation' and 'Political Emancipation' mean?
As the British Monarchy has given up divine right, how can they maintain the motto Dieu et mon droit (God and my right)
How did the shooting down of the Russian jet by Turkish forces affect the relationship between Russia and Turkey?
Are there any safeguards against a US President essentially using propaganda to suppress the nation's news outlets?
Is Citizenship Limited to Members of States?
Does Russia need Turkey to bring anti-regime forces to the negotiating table?
Sweden rape statistics 2016
Is using the word "propaganda" to describe this statement inaccurate?
What is nazbol?
Must 'democracy' only refer to a 'state'?
Can the president appoint him- or herself to the Supreme Court?
Which one is the next country most likely to be partly or fully annexed by Russia?
U.S. Senate: Can the minority party maintain a pro-forma session and refuse to recess even if the House says they can?
Can compulsory voting increase the quality of a non-dictatorial republic democracy?
Is it a good idea to publish political opinions early in one's life if one plans to make a career in politics?
How much money does France get from its former colonies?
In the US, is there any crime for which the punishment is slavery?
What is a fourth party candidate (USA)?
can a nation encompassing a diaspora with no geographical delineation also be or have its own state
Is UK's incomes test on non european spouses discriminatory?
Trump on Trans/Bathroom Issue: Libertarian or Conservative?
Could a President withdraw nominated Supreme Court judge before confirmation by the senate?
What was the point of the House of Lords debating Article 50?
Why is Palestine not a state yet?
Can there be any punishment for POTUS lying?
Why do countries have term limits on Presidents and Prime Ministers?
Do more roads lead to fewer traffic jams?
During the Obama administration, did the US interfere with foreign elections?
how are governments approaching the "bathroom laws" globally?
What policy implication would "non-whites-only space" generate?
Is Trump’s barring of select media outlets from White House press conferences a violation of the First Amendment?
How do half votes work in the DNC chair election?
Why is President Trump making such a big deal about fake news, and specifically targeting reputable organizations like The New York Times and CNN?
Has Priebus committed a crime by speaking to the FBI & breaching the 2009 policy memo from Eric Holder?
How does the European Union objectively assess the level of corruption within a certain country?
How did states react to the DEA?
Would the Trump administration's 'step up' on federal marijuana laws really impact the states where it is legal for recreational use?
Why do some parties but not others have logos in the new Dutch ballot paper (stembiljet)?
Do Islamic State have women fighters?
Would Theresa May's end of free-movement to European Migrants be against their Human Rights?
How does the Dutch system for preferential votes (*voorkeursstemmen*) work?
How does the President of the United States get a budget authorised?
Being "registered" as Democratic/Republican/Independent vs being a party member
Is there a legal way that can be used to force the President of United States undergo a mental health examination?
What is the meaning of "We are a civic society" attributed to Steve Bannon
If I registered to vote in the nov 2016 elections, will I also be registered to vote in proceeding special elections?
How can I respond to Whataboutism?
What is the seating capacity of the U. S. House of Representatives gallery?
Does giving money to the poor perpetuate homelessness?
What happens after an unfavorable recommendation?
Why are gun restrictions based on terror watch list and mental health so controversial in the US?
Apart from mayor, what other political positions have a maximum age in The Netherlands?
What is the largest number of parties that ever entered a parliament in a general election?
Does anywhere apply ranked voting for party-list proportional presentation?
Why does the Green party support immigration?
Do the religious and hereditary members of the house of lords have real political power?
How does Obamacare save lives?
How do Voting Machines work?
Why can't Americans purchase health insurance across state lines?
About role of a minister in Parliament who is not a member of either house of Parliament.
What does it mean for an investigation to be independent?
Has a POTUS ever been called for jury duty?
Are there protections for parochial schools who sign up for voucher programs in the USA?
Can the US President pardon himself?
is this definition of the State complete?
Why is the gender pay gap so large in the United States despite the Equal Pay Act of 1963?
How's the German government formed?
Why does Trump want to increase military spending?
How do Russia and the US know the other side keeps nuclear arsenals at agreed levels?
In which countries election spending or contributions are strictly regulated?
Countries banning electronic voting machines
How does a very developed country become permeable to populism?
Why is India still using the penal codes drafted by the British for punishments?
What are the major types of economic system?
What happens when a Dutch party wins more seats than they have candidates listed for?
What can Hollande do to prevent a Marine Le Pen victory?
Is it possible to be expelled or barred from the major US parties? How?
Is there anything that functionally prevents a US President from switching parties?
Has a US President ever nominated a cabinet of half Democrats and half Republicans?
What are the differences between Trump's old travel ban and the new one?
Can the derivatives market save social security?
After the ancients, what are the arguments in favor of a monarchy?
How does Oxford University influence the politics in the UK?
Does any legislation permit three or more legal parents?
Could a Party Choose Not to Nominate an Incumbent?
Do Members of Parliament have to register interests before voting?
How did individual Democratic Super-delegates vote at the roll call convention?
What happens if Parliament rejects the Brexit deal?
Why Caste based political parties talking about secularism in India
Why is assisted suicide / voluntary euthanasia legal in so few countries?
What specific consessions did Iraq make to be excluded from Trump's new executive order?
Why is visa-free travel such a big deal in politics?
Is there a significant increase in crimes against Muslims in the US?
When does someone from England identify themselves as British versus identifying themselves as English?
Are the state-level or municipal-level political parties in any way interdependent with the federal-level party of the same namesake?
In the US, may a presidential candidate win the primaries and then refuse the nomination of the party?
Does the word "fascism" mean anything anymore?
What is needed for a country to join the British Commonwealth?
Are there countries with upper age limits for voters or candidates?
How was the state formed? Why was it possible?
How can the European Union enforce the General Data Protection Regulation?
Is the Trump administration defending the old travel ban (13769) in court?
Why did Clinton wear in all red for an Award?
How can president Trump avoid any issue with conflict of interests when foreign powers make decisions that benefit him in an unsolicited manner?
Why was Çavuşoğlus (planned) campaign visit to The Netherlands and Germany controversial?
Was the Texas Photo ID voting law implemented to decrease voting fraud? If so, how effective is it?
Are extreme-right and extreme-left ultimately the same thing?
Are there any examples of contested elections held to elect a king?
Which Country has the lowest minimum age limit to compete in Elections?
How is the China–Pakistan Economic Corridor possible?
Why won't Donald Trump do something about "fake news"?
Who legislates military law?
Game theory: ignorant voting, when to pass, when to guess?
How much of the recent jobs growth is Donald Trump responsible for?
What would Bernie Sanders look like in other political systems?
preliminary steps for running for president
Why did the USA support Kosovo in the war against Serbia?
Monitoring us president promises between times
Where can I find the text of the DACA action?
Two sets of laws, but the president chooses which set is active
Under what international law is the deployment of U.S. forces in Syria justified?
Jumping political party OK after being elected by people into a party?
Turkish FM denied speaking to supporters in Europe
Is India's latest election indicative of an end to the caste based political system?
Basis for the Dutch authorities denying a Turkish minister access to a Turkish consulate
Could Trump run as a Republican AND Democrat in 2020?
Does it make sense to label Lenin as a 'social democrat'?
Did Ohio recently have 112 elections with a one vote (or less) margin of victory?
Can a Cabinet ministry be acquired by a person defeated in elections?
Is there any US-wide collection of information about party strength in local elections?
Why is it so hard to achieve an efficient health system within US?
Does one party get primary challenges at a higher rate than another party?
Why was Henry Kissinger not affected by Watergate?
Why doesn't daylight saving time garner more attention in Congress?
Do black people in America really face tougher consequences for the same crime committed by a white person?
Did Angela Merkel break "the" law by opening the borders to refugees?
When is a 60% majority required in US Congress?
Why are stenographers still employed and present within many governmental chambers?
Why do some nations not allow renunciation of citizenship?
Can Germany fine social media sites over hate speech?
Are any Presidency and national job number change correlations provably causal?
In the UK, what provisions exist for MPs to be temporarily replaced due to illness or parental leave?
Is there polling to suggest that a majority of United Kingdom citizens would favour a codified constitution?
What are the differences between the proposed Republican health care plan and the Affordable Health Care Act?
What changes would be necessary in the UK to force a general election if the Prime Minister resigns?
What is the history and purpose the of US and South Korean annual military exercises?
Are there currently, or have there ever been any 'white' members of Singapore's People's Action Party(PAP)?
Why are political funding sources not contained within a public institution
How can European Union influence political decisions in a member country?
How to sign a proposal/petition by many people?
In academic Political Theory, what is the accepted process of verifying empirical propositions?
Why does the Socialist Party (Netherlands) perform poorly among voters abroad?
Who and on what basis determines how much US pays for UN?
GCHQ denying circumvention, or not?
How should I research politics?
Would abolishing the electoral college mean extremist voters play more of a role in the election?
Is it difficult for Scotland to become a member of the EU if they gain independence from the UK following Brexit
Is there any interest in using Trump's Executive Order on immigration to properly reverse Korematsu's precedent at this time?
Are there any methods that compensate for phenomenons such as Shy Tory factor and Bradley effect?
What is Ivanka Trump's role in the White House and is it uncommon?
Would it be legal for private citizens to send postcards on behalf of candidate for office in United States?
Law forbidding U.S. citizens to discuss foreign relations with foreign leaders
Iran relationship with Israel
Trump second travel ban blocked again? Does it violate the constitution?
Why would Trump call out Germany saying they owe the US and NATO 'vast sums' of money for defence?
Were there any significant political events that led to the popularity of Rodrigo Duterte amongst Filipinos?
Is George Osborne breaking any official form of conduct by accepting the editor role at the Evening Standard?
Is educational attainment is correlated to political voting?
On what basis is Theresa May triggering Article 50 (Brexit) if the Supreme Court said she couldn't?
What are reasons that America has the highest incarceration rate in the world?
Why is the British government waiting until March 29th to officially Brexit?
Will the proposed 2017 budget move the responsibility of public services funding to the states?
Could entertainment industry be taxed to support things like NEA/CPB to save it from Trump budget cuts?
How many non working people are on Obamacare?
What happens if President Trump has been found to be colluding with Russia?
What is the "It was my understanding, that there would be no math" quote based on?
Left, right change on Russia
What repercussions would there be if the Trump Campaign was found to have links with Russia?
Have previous presidential campaigns been investigated by the F.B.I for ties to foreign governments?
What is the rationale behind aiming for reduced immigration through Brexit?
Why are SCOTUS appointee Senate hearings not mandatory?
Are there good breakdowns of world's immigration systems by main parameters?
How could Scotland become independent given that Theresa May rejected a referendum?
Logic behind the reaction of Greek government over the national crisis
ACA Individual Mandate effect on Taxes
Is it possible for two people in the "middle" of the political spectrum to have opposite views?
What are repercussions for the US if they fail to meet the target set out in the Paris agreement?
How may a US President select a successor other than the Vice President?
What arguments have modern societies used to support the introduction, re-introduction or maintenance of the Death Penalty?
What is the point of asking the Prime Minister about their engagements for the rest of the day?
What would happen if vote tallies were discovered to be changed?
Can a US president be "re-impeached" by a new Congress on the same charges? Or would double jeopardy apply?
Can Austria deny non-Austrian EU citizens from taking a job?
Are there any online resources for finding all public officers for a given zip code in the United States?
If a Special Commission was to be created to lead the Russia probes, would Congress be involved?
Is there a theory discussing fines based on income?
Why focus on reduction of public debt when private debt is much larger?
Why did Sean Spicer talk about Donald Trump's bath robe?
What happens if Trump committed treason?
Statistical impact of Russian Hack in US election 2016
How are gender quotas justified by lawmakers given that they appear to violate the Equal Opportunity Principle?
The disproportionate impact of terrorism upon policy and public opinion
Why couldn't Republicans who voted to repeal Obamacare so many times under Obama do it under a Republican president?
Is there a correlation between terrorism and invasion of the Middle East?
Why cancel the AHCA vote, rather than giving it a try?
Why would a country allow or prohibit prostitution?
Why does the libertarian party keep failing to gain much approval in US?
Why is the withdrawal of the American Health Care Act such a devastating blow for Trump and Ryan?
How would Richard Spencer execute a 'peaceful ethnic cleansing' if he gets elected?
Are there any procedural advantages to indefinitely delaying or canceling a vote on a bill?
Is it legal for a state government to pay legal fees of a minister allegedly involved in a corruption case?
protest? or fake protest?
What more would the American Health Care Act (ACHA) bill have needed to garner support from the House Freedom Caucus?
Presidential power over Congress
By withdrawing the vote on AHCA, is it not actually dead?
What level of security clearance (if any) did the past first ladies have?
Why are there laws for victimless 'crimes'
Were Presidents known to have discussed classified things with their wives?
Is there a federal Drop Dead Day?
Does the president get the final say on a declaration of war like he does with normal bills?
Could Donald Trump flee to Russia?
Can Florida ban Trump from visiting?
Can twitter de-activate a government official's account?
What were the effects of non-nationally divided states in Africa?
Have there been any occurrences of a country automatically joining the European Union after unification/reunification (or tried to)?
Was Brexit always going to include a withdrawal from the European Atomic Energy Community
Do any other parliaments than the Westminster one have a culture of yelling whoooo?
What ethics rules would be applied to Ivanka Trump?
Is it possible for Scotland to leave the United Kingdom? If so, how would it do so?
What if Holyrood rejects its version of the Great Repeal Bill?
Is Trump's US travel more expensive than previous presidents?
Does the National Assembly for Wales have to vote on the "Great Repeal Bill"?
Why did US armed forces retreat from the Philippines completely?
Can the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) be used to force Trump to release his tax returns?
Why did many voters support a border wall instead of other border control methods?
Have any lawsuits been successful against a sitting US president?
What does Trump aim to achieve with the energy independence executive order?
Are individuals allowed to make contributions that are contingent on specific actions? (US)
Barriers to a global currency
Brexit divorce bill breakdown
What do the EU's demands from the U.K. include exactly now that the UK has invoked Article 50?
What does it mean to be "On the record", and why does it matter?
Why do people believe that efforts against climate change are futile even though they accept that the climate is changing?
Can French President decide the recognition status of another territory/state?
What kind of legislative power does the British monarchy possess?
Do any non-anglophone countries plan to introduce English as an official language?
Did Gandhi ever make a statement on South African apartheid?
Why was the North Atlantic Treaty's Article 5 not triggered in the 60s and 70s?
Is there a record of how party strength in the House of Lords has changed over time?
Inception of the idea of a Withdrawal Clause in Lisbon Treaty
Is separation of powers broken, if a government changes a law with irreversible effects?
Are there plans to deal with "insurrection" of British monarchy?
Why are politicians so obsessed with Russian/WikiLeaks interfering of US elections while some foreign governments openly took sides?
Are there many liberal democracies that use "the more favorable criminal law" principle?
Does North Korea have two satellites that orbit the U.S. and are they capable of deploying nukes?
What is the opposite of "antitrust"?
Lumpenproletariat In Marxist Theory?
Why is it so hard to compute the EU-UK divorce bill?
Is there any justification for Trump’s accusing the mainstream media of propagating “fake news?”
Liberal vs. social vs. People's democracy?
What could the United Nations do after a chemical attack in Syria?
Why aren't Democrats denying Gorsuch a hearing instead of just filibustering?
Why does Russia rarely prosecute computer criminals?
Could Gibraltar remain in the EU?
Why are chemical weapons such a big deal?
Why did Pakistan stop importing tanks from the USA after M-48 Pattons?
Why can't Uber 'out-lobby' city governments to make their services legal, rather than losing to existing taxi lobbies?
Is there a ballot Initiative at the Federal level?
Why should the state not provide for basic necessities?
What is "politology"?
What is Putin's stance on United States invading Syria and overthrowing the Assad regime?
Could the US federal government place a bill that allows the states to piecewise override a federal bill
What evidence is there that the Assad regime was responsible for the chemical weapon attack in April 2017?
Why does China officially oppose things like gay relations and pornography if the state doesn't have any religious affiliation?
Why does Russia support the Assad regime?
Are the US strikes in Syria backed by international treaties against the use of chemical weapons?
Didn't the USA need to declare war before launching the missiles on April 6th 2017?
What is a the correct way of expressing a (vote) majority?
Is this a good way to count Single Transferable Vote ballots?
What incentive could Assad have to use chemical weapons?
Why is there a thin red line showing as a border in Georgia in Google Earth?
When was the last time the United States used chemical weapons?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of having minimum wage automatically adjusted for inflation?
Why don't Western powers support Bashar al-Assad since it now became clear most of the opposition is not in support of democratic government?
When may the President of the United States order military action without congressional approval?
What would explain prohibition of narcotics in most world?
What is the purpose of USA warning Russia about missile strikes in Syria?
Why is the cloture rule question phrased in a way that Senators have to vote 'Nay' to trigger the 'nuclear option'?
Why won't the two main French far-left parties unite and present a single candidate?
Currently, do prison inmates in the state of New York do "hard labor"?
What is the point of the UN Security council if permanent members have veto power?
Why did Turkey's democracy index only fell by 0.08 points in 2016?
On what basis do some countries oppose President Assad?
What is the difference between Marxism and Leninism?
What incentives (or stated motives) did the US have to attack Syria?
What are the current military objectives of Rojava(Syrian kurds)?
Is the US democracy a multi-party system or a dual-party system?
Does any country allow a foreign national without blood ties to the country to be a diplomat?
How does Russian populace view Kurds?
Why is there no "Freedom Caucus" in US Senate?
What is the concise summary of Jared Kushner's foreign policy views?
Has the Syrian Government used barrel bombs with chlorine since Trump's airstrike?
Mexican illegal immigration and rape
Ability of the President of the United States to contact other nations in secret
Did the Obama administration perform any "show of force" moves on North Korea?
Why do the main two US political parties not seem to suffer from "power erosion"?
What body in the US Government regulates the powers of a sitting president?
Other US President's that speedily bomb an adversary after saying they would on their election campaign trail
Is communism rising in the west?
Is the "Mother of all Bombs" recently dropped by U.S. the largest since Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Are there any serious proposals for using Australia's solution for the refugee problem in Europe?
Who recorded “Mother of all Bombs" explosion from ground level?
What is the difference between signing without ratification of a treaty in comparison to with?
Why are economic sanctions allowed under WTO rules?
Why do patents last for only 20 years but copyright can potentially last for more than 150 years?
Is there a firm estimate in the number of political prisoners Castro executed?
What political policies could be used to stop nuclear waste dumping off Somalia's coast?
Is Cuba still intervening in Syria to help the Russians?
Have states/companies placed a military/private security presence on oil platforms in the Gulf of Guinea to ensure security against piracy?
What happens to a President's reelection funds if they don't complete their first term?
Was the Turkish 2017 constitutional referendum held democratically?
Does the 16th April Turkish referendum result actually have any meaningful effect?
What are the Presidential check and balances in Turkey?
Did the US accidentally syndicalize its police force? (or something similar?)
What is the role of the Vice-President in Turkey?
Why does the 2017 referendum have strong support outside of Turkey?
What happens to the Turkish Referendum if voter fraud concerns are sustained?
Are there any plans to relocate the Palestinian state, in order to ensure peace with Israel?
Have Syrian rebels ever used chemical weapons?
Are there countries where the Roma have integrated into local society?
What would a government be called if the citizens elected a ruler, but this ruler got all the power?
How can Erdoğan stay in office until 2029?
Is NATO obliged to invoke Article 5 if one of its members attacks another member?
Turkey Referendum - Voter turnout in Germany, break down by Consulates
Why did Obama tell Trump that North Korea would be his toughest task?
How many people have become eligible to vote in the UK snap election on June 8th 2017 since the last general election?
Why does Russia back Serbia?
What's the text on this MAKE ... GREAT AGAIN hat?
What would make a Democratic Libertarian and a Republican Libertarian different?
Why the snap election?
Which parties would try to stop Brexit from happening after the "snap election"?
Why did Labour support the snap election?
How could an alliance between the Green Party, Liberal-Democrats and Labour Party be formed?
Who is the UK Prime Minister's spokesman?
Power of Monarchs
What is the capitalist answer to automation?
How common is a "Snap Election" for the UK?
Is there a minimum time frame that a Prime Minister may set an early election for?
Why are there exceptions to Duverger's Law?
Do any countries allow leaders to be impeached by low approval ratings?
Are car bombs considered a conventional weapon under international law?
Why did polls inaccurately predict the 2015 UK general election?
Does the United Kingdom, in practice, have other constitutional principles which limit the principle of Parliamentary Sovereignty?
Given the principle of Parliamentary Sovereignty in the United Kingdom, how would the UK go about adopting a written constitutional settlement?
Did Putin exclusively ban western food, or are Asian imports also prohibited?
What are US libertarians' views on abortion according to polls/surveys?
Why do US Presidential candidates not issue formal written manifestos?
How could François Fillon recover in the polls after his financial scandals?
STV - what happens if I miss a number?
Why do some countries intervene in other countries' issues, especially in the form of wars?
Why did EU ban GM soy crops and have not used a more gradual ban policy?
How is voting by expatriates justified?
Why does the EU allow members to use the ERM II loophole in order to avoid adopting the euro?
Why haven't any new constitutional amendments been ratified in the US since 1971?
If Turkey can join EU, can China join EU too?
Why is Israel refusing to let the International Atomic Energy Agency inspect their facilities?
What is the process by which an already passed law can be altered by Congress?
Why is there so much worry about France potentially leaving the EU?
Policy arguments against (non-conceiving) incest?
Does the US government have a plan to aid people in poverty displaced by climate change?
How does a development proposal for general public move in U.S?
Public opinion: Jeremy Corbyn for Prime Minister
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn's viewpoint on Same-sex marriage
Why is the Trump Administration often labeled as anti-science?
Do voters usually follow the advise regarding the choice in the second round of elections given by a candidate who lost in the first round?
Why does the French election have a runoff election instead of preferential voting
What political benefit would there be in stronger ties with Putin and Russia?
To what extent do election polls affect the election results?
What can the UK government do to help resolve the persecution of the LGBT community in Chechnya?
What's the justification behind having a minimum age for politicians that is higher than the minimum age for voters?
Correlation between non-voters and antisemitism?
Are there states where voting is not anonymous?
Is there a case when a European Union infringement related fine is partially paid by an actual person?
What are the long term benefits of renationalising the trains in the UK?
Are there countries with true open-market railways?
If Russia is funding right-wing politicians within the EU, why doesn't the EU return the favor and start funding Putin's opponents in Russia?
Why is "creating workplaces" such a prominent promise in US politics?
What significance does the announcement that Marine Le Pen is momentarily stepping aside as the leader of France's "Front National" have?
Why don't all developed countries sign freedom of labor agreements between each other?
Why have markets reacted well to the first round of the French presidential election?
How do deals happen between two countries at the very ground level?
Impeachment and Removal from Office
What countries voted for letting Saudi Arabia join the UN women's rights commission?
Would it be possible for US cities to adopt participatory budgeting under the current system?
What does it mean policywise to "Implement Sharia Law"?
Why isn't the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights Taught more comprehensively in schools?
New trend of blaming the Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) after losing the elections
What policies/laws required Michael Flynn to get permission for funds from Russia and Turkey?
Why did the french government disempower the legislative (which had an oppositional opinion to a proposed act) to force an unpopular act?
What's the point of banning abortions where abortion clinics are available in nearby countries?
Why are public TV and radio channels in some countries licensed through TV fees, rather than directly from the budget?
How would a snap election impact the Tory election expenses investigation?
Why would the president create an executive order if there is already a law or bill?
Why hasn't Estonia discontinued e-voting?
Have any cities (with a good economy) managed to prevent rapid increases in real estate costs?
Why is China annoyed at the installation of THAAD in South Korea?
Is the Czech president (negatively) known in other neighbouring countries?
Does global warming give the government more power?
Why are closed, taxpayer-funded primaries Constitutional?
What's the point of banning anonymous SIM cards where such cards are available in nearby countries?
What is the rationale behind secret ballot by country at the UN?
Why are (proposals for) islamic garment bans focussed on the burqa, when the niqāb is far more common?
What is the reason of America's support of what is called moderate parties of Iran?
Did any particular speech give rise to "cultural enrichment" becoming a anti-immigration catchphrase?
Is tactical voting a relatively new phenomenon?
Is there a tendency for presidents to come from outside of "big politics" in recent years?
Has any countries used an Elected Presidency scheme in which candidates may be restricted to a particular racial group?
Have pro-prostitution policies in Germany and Nevada been found to help reduce rape and sexual assault?
What is the rationale for foreign interference in a democratic election being intrinsically bad?
What constitutes a bad deal for Brexit?
Why don't Western countries penalize Chinese companies in the same way that China restricts Western companies working on its territory?
What are the conditions of Iran's nuclear agreement?
Why is immigration enforcement controversial in the United States?
How can state-level senate/house bills be denied a vote if they have many sponsors?
Venezuela: why rewrite the Constitution?
Does Marine Le Pen oppose circumcision?
Why wasn't Greece kicked out of the Euro once it was clear that they falsified their statistics to join in the first place?
Why don't Russia and Ukraine enter an official state of war?
What are some of the changes between the amended Republican American Health Care Act and the original one?
Is NAFTA better for Canada or USA?
Why isn't the EU commission elected directly by EU citizens?
Why are binding referendums proposed directly by citizens so rare?
Is there a practical rationale for increasing US military spending?
Can a corporation run for office?
What is the political proposal of Emmanuel Macron?
Are there countries where politicians are bound by their campaign promises?
Why do major referendums have a 50% threshold to change the status quo, rather than a higher value?
What mechanisms exist for Korean-Chinese to leave Korea and return to China?
Is it proven that the poorest citizens usually make "bad decisions" when voting?
Why didn't the UK insist that Scotland can only run independence referendums every X years before allowing one?
What's the difference between Institution, Organization and Regime in IR studies?
Why did Ukraine give up nuclear weapons through Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances?
Was the bombing of Hiroshima/Nagasaki a war crime?
What legal accountability was available for the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Why are there so many voting systems used in UK elections?
Is it possible for a third party to run for and gain seats in Congress/House of Representatives without having a presidential candidate?
If United States annexed part of another country, would someone born in that place be eligible to run for president?
How close is China to completing the "cultural genocide" of Tibet, as alleged by Dalai Lama and human rights groups?
Why are so many Americans against Obamacare?
Why does Georgia not have a hate crime statute?
What methods are available to resolve elections with an equal number of votes
Why does the US Constitution mention freedom of the press in addition to freedom of speech?
Does the American Health Care Act include a defined list of preexisting conditions?
Does Putin support the ideas of Communism and/or Socialism?
Why are there so few politicians on the bottom right of the political spectrum?
Why do the BBC and the Guardian report different figures for the UK local elections?
Why is the US paying for the THAAD system?
What is the difference between Electoral College and Electoral District?
What are the arguments for privatising the National Health Service in the UK?
Are there any government policies that meaningfully influence mass shootings per capita?
Which Articles in the UDHR are related to women's rights?
What democratic systems exist that successfully tackle NIMBYism?
What is 'Panama Papers' Case?
Is it possible to accurately measure the turnout of Iranian elections?
Does someone knows what is "brainpower" in Doomsday clock?
Why doesn't Uruguay face penalties from the United Nations for legalizing marijuana?
Why don't countries opposing the inflow of refugees leave the 1951 Refugee Convention?
Why was the voter turnout so low in the second round of French elections?
Why haven't gun laws in America changed yet?
How did Le Pen do better in the second round than in the first?
Is Le Pen ideologically a French equivalent of Trump?
If the EU claims to support the immigration of genuine refugees, why aren't there asylum processing centers abroad?
Is there any evidence to suggest that Prevent Duty has lowered radicalization?
US political parties that support EU style social social welfare spending?
Why did Iran not stop the implementation of the agreement?
What is the purpose behind having public holidays in modern times?
Selectorate Theory: What flaws or critics?
Why don't US presidents run in other elections after their term ends?
The act of identifying somone's group by their vocabulary
Constitutionality of travel ban/sanctuary cities
Has any election to a national legislature had no candidate stand?
Why do voters usually hate the very politicians they've voted for in the last election?
In proportional voting systems, what decides which district is "assigned" to which candidate?
What process needs to be followed by the President to fire the FBI Director?
Federal Funding for Universities
What reasons may Donald Trump have had for firing FBI Director James Comey?
What was wrong with how James Comey handled the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server?
Why don't countries with a high birth rate implement a One Child Policy, like China did?
Why doesn't the US suppress the use of Spanish, similar to how France enforces its official language?
Why are there "bad school districts" and "good school districts" in the US, assuming that the government works hard to increase education standards?
Why do farms need subsidies?
Why hasn't the US political system taken recourse against Trump for his politically motivated firings?
What is the matter with Iran and Israel?
Iran nuclear sanctions lifted or intensified after implementation of the JCPOA agreement
Why is India branded as not a very liberal country?
Why doesn't the Indian government hold a referendum in Kashmir?
Is the US president guaranteed to receive all the presidential 'retirement bonuses', such as a Presidential Library, no matter how his term ends?
Did US AG Jeff Sessions violate his promise to recuse himself from the Trump/Russia probe?
Why didn't Jeff Sessions or Rod Rosenstein fire James Comey?
When can the first Mexican mayors be reelected?
Why was pre-Obama healthcare considered by some to be a failed market?
Statistics on Australian non-voters who are actually sanctioned (fined or otherwise punished)
Why don't governments recognize each other's gun permits?
How do politicians on the Left side of the political spectrum reconcile the need to protect workers with the support for immigration?
How much interaction does a US president have with the legislative branch of his party?
What are the political arguments for helping refugees within the country rather than helping refugee camps abroad?
Why didn't the UK enforce the 7-year transitional period for work permits during the 2004 expansion of the EU?
Why People like Owaisi get so much support in India? In spite of his hatred comments
How can the Attorney General be expected to act impartially if the President can just remove them?
What are the main differences between the China and India?
Do any Republicans support impeachment of the president, or said what it would take for them to support it?
Can I claim a refugee status by entering an embassy?
Now that marijuana is legal in several countries, do any states plan to legalize further drugs?
Regarding refusing corporate, lobbyist, and PAC money: Lobbyists versus employees, local versus national PACs?
What kinds of policies are arising as automation dissolves more unskilled jobs?
Why was Howard Dean's "scream" such a big deal?
How can I run to be an unpledged elector?
Why is there such a strong fixation on the private lives of political candidates?
Does China hide its original economic information?
How did Turkey manage to create a springboard for its defense industry so fast?
In the UK, what's the rationale for having Crown Copyright?
International Court of Justice and its jurisdiction
When and why did Trump publicly change his attitude towards Comey?
Why is Netaji Subash chandra Bose a Forgotten hero?
Why does "extremist" concept for a political figure seem so unclear?
Is the French government formed before and/or after the legislative elections?
Why is Somaliland not recognized by any country?
Are party leaders typically from safe seats?
If a US president decides to declassify information, is it automatically public?
What legitimate reason could Trump have to give Russia classified information
Could a POTUS be prosecuted under the Espionage Act of 1917
Can the POTUS put checks and balances on his own otherwise unilateral nuclear powers?
Who sits next to Senate party leaders when they speak?
Is the day of a press release an issue of political strategy?
What happens if the President of the United States is deemed a risk to US national security?
Why does the EU keep pushing for the Eastern members to accept more refugees?
Why does the opposition party always push so hard for impeachment?
Alternative voting systems in parliamentary procedure
Has the Dalai Lama ever promoted violence against the Chinese?
Did Donald Trump break any laws by asking James Comey to end the Michael Flynn investigation?
When was the last time that 19 Republican senators cross-the-aisle with a unified Democratic party on anything not bipartisan?
French election - what does this opinion say?
Does the UK Labour Party proposal to renationalise the railways include the UK component of Eurostar?
Does Abe Shinzo defy Japanese cultural taboos when in a foreign or international context?
POTUS' power over television networks
How much authority does a special counsel have?
Why was there so much talking about meeting with the Russian ambassador in the Oval Office?
What will go on new post boxes when Prince Charles becomes king?
Are there any possible arguments in favor of sentencing disparities between crack and powder cocaine?
Does gerrymandering risk tidal wave reversal?
To what degree is foreign financial support allowed in US politics?
Why is there reluctance to appoint new members to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)?
How does the relationship between China and Hong Kong functions?
When can the US political system examine the president for mental health issues?
Did the concept of liberalism become a "misnomer"?
Is there an equivalent of the horseshoe theory for economic systems stating that monopolized capitalism = communism?
How did political participation change after Watergate?
Can an impeached President run for a second term?
What is Indian government doing to protect African foreign students in India?
Can a US Presidential election ever be held earlier in a President's term?
Is it an unfair advantage that the current Prime Minister decides when the election will be held?
What happens if the US fails to conduct a census?
Under what conditions would North Korea be likely to negotiate a nuclear deal?
Why does Hungary have a tendency to favor dictatorship after joining NATO and EU?
Why did the government of India prefer to keep silence on the matter of corruption in the armed forces?
Why didn't Turkey want the US to attack Raqqa?
Why does the U.S. still consider Iran an enemy and not a potential partner?
What is Imran Khan's position on Balochistan?
Why is North Korea criticized for having Nuclear Weapons?
How does the Pope influence politics in countries where there is a separation between Church and State?
Is there anything which legally stops any EU country like Estonia from suddenly accepting an influx of refugees?
Is a cyber attack a violation of sovereignty?
What is the difference between libertarianism and anarchism?
Why are elected representatives paid so much less than corporate top managers?
Is there any armed opposition within North Korea?
Secondhand smoke - what is the Libertarian party perspective?
Where can I find a chart of education level by political party?
Why does ISIS continue to do things to make their "enemy" even more determined to go after them?
Is the Census underreported, and are there corrections?
Can a US President and Vice President both be impeached in one process?
What would happen if a president who did not meet the age or citizenship requirement was elected in United States?
Why are there still developed countries with low cigarette prices?
Why doesn't Canada or any other country extend universal health care to Americans?
Why did Richardson and Ruckelshaus resign during the Watergate "Saturday Night Massacre", rather than simply refuse?
Why voting age seems to be stuck at 18 (relatively high)?
Is there a tendency for Democracies to 'pander' to older voters?
Brexit: Is a 'No deal' worse than a 'Bad Deal' for the UK, from a strictly economics based argument
Is it true that the USA funds a Shrimp Museum with the federal budget?
Explaining discrepancy between ANES data and actual results for 2012 US presidential election
Has John Kerry explained why he is against a new Iran bill?
Montana special House election: when will the winner take office?
How would a Republican President accomplish work if the Senate/House were all/majority Democratic (and vice versa)?
What is the difference between a socialist, a democratic socialist and a social democrat?
Is political education a necessity for a democracy?
Are NATO countries obliged to meet their 2% defence spending targets?
What's the point of campaign financing limits if external organizations may promote the candidate without any funding limits?
Why did the senate not introduce a replacement to the Affordable Care Act
What are the number of failing K-12 schools in America?
Is it proven that high turnouts help the more liberal politicians?
USA constitution: scope of application
Are there existing primary accounts of public debate influencing a Congressperson's opinion on a future vote?
Is Libertarianism for or against antitrust laws?
Why was the 2% threshold specifically chosen as the target for NATO spending?
Is Libertarianism in favor of intellectual property rights?
Why does USA not diminish its NATO related expenses in order to persuade other NATO members to contribute more?
What are the benefits of foreign aid for voters?
What does an absolute monarchy or dictatorship do when the king goes mad?
Is Iran more powerful After Nuclear Deal?
What is another term for a deception operation?
Why is the third runway at Heathrow Airport such a big deal in the UK?
Why don't poor people vote in the United States?
Why do governments support remote settlements with negligible economic significance?
Why does the government enact policies against obesity (from a purely economics based perspective)?
How many billionaires have run for the office of the US president thus far?
What did we learn about Trump's strategy to achieve peace in the Middle East after his May 2017 visit to Israel and Palestine?
How is the policy of Theresa May different to that of Jeremy Corbyn in relation to security and terrorism?
Are there checks and balances in the Philippine Congress on Rodrigo Duterte?
Pakistan's testing of nuclear weapons in 1998
Who decides what can serve as reserve for fractional reserve banking?
Why is the government of India probing Dr Zakir Naik for connection with terrorism after 26 years?
Why did the EU not unify the financial systems when the Euro was created?
Is it possible for Saudi Arabia to run for a permanent seat in the UNSC?
What would happen if no one voted in the next General Election?
What powers does a Whip actually have to force MP's to vote their way?
Why is the U.S. still dependent on fossil fuels?
Why does the Dutch PVV oppose spending on innovation?
Explain how a law can be enacted that abridges right to assembly
How does the Naylor Report proposals improve the NHS?
Who were the three lawmakers who voted against decriminalising domestic violence in Russia?
What are Trump's incentives for withdrawing from the Paris Climate Agreement?
Has Angela Merkel suggested a decline in relations between EU and USA at NATO summit in 2017?
Why do governments in countries with low birth rates tolerate a shortage of kindergartens and elementary schools?
Why does the EU invest so much in biodiesel if it has a very low return on investment as a fuel?
Vote weighting based on fiscal contribution
How much can a bill be changed once it goes to the Senate?
What was the point of the Paris Climate Agreement if all targets are self-determined and non-binding?
When will the US effectively exit from Paris Agreement?
What is Trump's plan to get the United States out of trillions in debt?
Are there any Economic/Political Sanctions for withdrawing from Paris agreement?
How is Trump getting around the law against appointing relatives?
How could California finance a single-payer healthcare scheme with only a payroll tax
Why does US seem to have such a convoluted tax code?
Could a large nation leave and be successful outside of the UN?
Differences between Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn's opinion on selling arms to Saudi Arabia?
What does the term "White Privilege" mean?
Is Donald Trump's May 2017 trip the first time a US president arrives in Saudi Arabia before Israel?
Has an election ever been called off due to a terror attack?
Is there a legal way to postpone or call off a general election in the UK due to concerns one way or another?
Can the POTUS perform a mass-pardon for those who meet certain criteria?
Does Arrow's Theorem invalidate an alternate voting system?
How has Pakistan managed to defeat the US in Afghanistan?
Is the Department of Homeland Security a federal police force?
How are secret service agents expected to respond if the POTUS attacks someone?
Why are elections in the UK traditionally held on Thursdays?
Would it save lives in London to arm every individual police officer?
Why does Donald Trump seem to help raising of the tension between US and UK?
Why do we hear so little about the German President?
Why don't governments share technology with each other rather than developing their own solutions to common problems?
How would even more internet regulation hinder terrorism?
What part of the German political system makes it possible for chancellors to stay in power for so long compared to other parliamentary​ states?
What effect does an influx of refugees have on the economy of a country?
Why is the death sentence considered to be an unacceptable punishment in the Council of Europe, while life imprisonment is not?
Would ECHR affect Theresa May's announcement to combat extremism?
Why are Western governments so resistant to immigration restriction?
Why is the top tax rate 39.6%
Is Saudi Arabia (and co) justified in sanctioning Qatar on the pretext of terrorism support?
Why would California sign an agreement with China?
What are the cons for Universal Basic Income being a solution to automation?
Does polling during election campaigns bias policy selection or affect voter turnout?
Jeremy Corbyn said ISIS supporters should not be prosecuted for 'expressing a political point of view'
Can Uber be forced to limit its "dynamic prices" policy?
What happens when there are no ACA marketplace options?
What is the expectation that the US intelligence community must answer questions posed in congressional hearings?
In theory, can an extra election be cancelled once called?
Is the California-China environmental agreement legal under the Logan Act?
What does the US Withdrawing from the Paris Accords actually do to US Law?
Are future UK parliaments (i.e. election this week) bound by decisions of previous parliaments regarding the Brexit vote (among other things)?
Can faulty election results unseat a sitting US President?
What is the reason behind Qatar isolation?
Does Iran sponsor terrorists?
What is the rationale for allowing Irish and Commonwealth citizens to vote in general elections?
Since the Paris Agreement wasn't ratified by the Senate, did it ever have any legal power within the US?
Why do the leaders of UK political parties need a seat in parliament?
Is Syria under a Liberal/progressive regime (for its region) and how does it relate to the moderate rebels
Why did the government (s) of India fail to protect Babri Mosque from demolition by Hindus?
What determines which of James Comey's memos were classified?
Are personal memos official accounts of events?
What is the evidence for the Trump/Russia investigation?
How does a minority government work in the UK?
Why haven't national elections in some countries devolved into a two-party system despite having an FPTP voting system?
Who were the people behind Comey in the hearing room?
Why is India gradually becoming a Hindu country?
Can Sinn Fein join a minority coalition in a no-confidence vote?
Why have Labour and Lib Dem not been registered in Northern Ireland?
What power does the Queen have in the event of a Hung Parliament?
What would happen in a case of a hung parliament and no one gained a majority?
What is a Hung Parliament?
Would a change of PM mean another election?
Is it still possible for Labour to run the government?
Can a party form a coalition with BOTH Labour and Conservatives in parallel? If so, who wins?
What has Trump done to oppress the LGBT+ Community?
Intensity of whipping in Westminster style parliaments with party systems
What are the necessary elements to constitute a leak?
How binding are coalition agreements in UK parliament?
How come Lord Buckethead could stand for election pseudonymously?
Can a United States President nominate a blood relative as Vice President?
Can UK Parliament reject an unpopular Prime Minister?
Has high taxation of the rich been sustainable as an economic policy?
Do US press conferences usually include off-topic questions?
What can happen to President Trump in light of Comey's hearing?
What could the conservatives do if a deal is not met with the DUP?
Do perjury as well as obstruction of justice both have the same consequences for the POTUS?
Sortable table or spreadsheet with full, detailed 2017 UK General Election results for every constituency
Where can I find the Senate amendments to Bill C-6?
What are the legalities of forming a party with a misleading name?
Why does China maintain the One Country, Two Systems principle?
Does the size of the Co-operative party have any practical implication?
Why do working class people vote for the political right?
Can Bahrain prevent Qatar Airways from flying?
Can friends be part of the first family?
How long is the U.S. tax code and why can't we shorten it?
Why does the subject of 2% of GDP for NATO became so important in 2017?
If Puerto Rico becomes the 51st U.S state, would the U.S flag be altered to include 51 stars?
Government policy to incentivise third party investment
Can members of nobility get elected to the House of Commons in theory and practice?
Why are left-wing unionism or right-wing Irish nationalism unsuccessful in Northern Ireland?
Application of US Constitution 25th Amendment
How could another UK election happen?
Who came up with the "dementia tax" for the conservative manifesto?
Why would a coalition with the DUP bring violence back to Northern Ireland?
Who decides which US Flag design will be used when additional states are admitted?
Why are the conservatives opposed to the DUP?
How large of an effect did the internet regulation proposed by the conservative manifesto have on the election?
Has a party that won an election ever lost its leader in the process?
Does America have a serious plan to deal with Iran?
Why would people protest the Puerto Rico statehood referendum by boycotting?
Why are face covering ban policies being proposed?
Can Catalonia enter the EU after its independence from Spain?
Why are there separate investigations into Trump's alleged collusion with Russia?
Why is the result if Macron's party's at the first round of French parlamentary elections "historical"?
Is there an active government that grants rights to the governed?
What does “coequal sovereign” mean in this context?
Republicans and the Dodd-Frank Act
Why except Puerto Rico, is no US state or territory dominated by local parties?
Why did the presidents of US and Romania contradict each other about the Visa Waiver Program?
What are Theresa May's views on LGBTQ+ rights?
Who can fire the special counsel appointed by the Justice Department?
Has purdah finished in the UK?
How many non-combatants have been killed by the Islamic State?
What realistic repercussions could Russia face for election hacking?
Why didn't the V4 states attempt to veto the suspension of the Dublin System?
Does the UK electorate become more likely to vote conservative with age?
What stops the United States from becoming "undemocratic"?
How do Panachage and removal work in Proportional Representation
Do smaller parties have front- and backbenchers?
Can Her Majesty's Most Loyal Opposition be a coalition?
What U.S. constitutional rights do federal/state prisoners have?
How proficient is Leo Varadkar in the Irish language?
What public statements has Theresa May made regarding fox hunting?
How can a government untie the "Gordian Knot" of public sector reformation?
Why did the Icelandic Pirate Party switch from the letter Þ to the letter P?
No deal Brexit : How is it going to help UK to create new trade deals?
Why is the position of First Minister of Northern Ireland currently (June 2017) vacant?
Is Japan unique in allowing for a 牛歩 or "ox walk" filibuster?
Would a DUP-Conservative alliance breach the Good Friday Agreement?
Which countries are at a prolonged war?
How are Trump's nominees stalled in the Senate?
What laws would an anarchical country have?
How much will Illinois Lose if the Multistate lottery pulls out?
Why does Germany seem to not favor EU energetic independence (from Russia)?
Is there a precedent for a governing party to start a motion of no confidence against itself?
Who would be legally responsible for any possible US presidential election hack?
Calling my representatives when I have out of state area code
What are American politicians NOT allowed to do with the money they raise?
Do DOJ regulations prohibit a Special Counsel from indicting the President?
What is the line of succession in the Department of Justice?
Why is North Korea allowed to be in the UN?
Why is Canada's bill C-16 believed to be legislating pronoun use?
What is 'One Belt, One Road' or 'Belt and Road Initiative'?
Why does Russia have such a small debt (debt to GDP ratio) compared to the vast majority of Western countries?
Why is immigration control considered to be the first Brexit priority?
Who would be elected Prime Minister if the winning party was "Independent"?
What is the purpose of the Queen's Speech?
Does the pre-election UK government have the authority to start Brexit talks before a new government is formed?
Are there ways to keep the majority in check in a unicameral legislative system?
Why has Hussain Haqqani become a strong opposer of Pakistan?
Why is Greece's debt considered a problem but not US debt, which is much larger?
Why do countries always make up a noble-sounding excuse before invading another state?
How do they decide who the leader of the opposition is?
Can Iran sue US for the coup or its results?
Can a US citizen sue CIA for sponsoring the coup in Iran?
Educational records of congress?
Why Indian Government need permission from Bangladesh to visit Thailand through sea ways?
What does "... Americans enjoy ... a widespread (if still contested) franchise" mean?
Is there a country in which the parliamentary majority issued a no confidence vote against its own government soon after being confirmed?
If the US decided to inflate its way out of their debt, what would the value of the dollar drop to?
Why is a hung parliament in the UK a bad thing?
To what extent should a country be able to decide what it is called in other languages?
What are the requirements for an entity to be granted observer status for the UN General Assembly?
What other times have there been a Queen's Speech without a majority government?
Are there education tests other than PISA test to compare education performance among countries?
Why is Trump creating more pressure on Pakistan?
What are the differences between Saudi's new heir Mohammad bin Salman (King's son) and previous heir Muhammad bin Nayef?
Is there a place to find the "unofficial" Senate rules?
What evidence is there to suggest that higher-educated people vote left-wing?
Is Donald Trump under investigation by special counsel Robert Mueller?
What countries currently adopt anti-natalist policies?
Why would a Government choose to nationalize private pensions funds?
Are the first ladies considered politicians?
Does the Senate Healthcare bill alter Obamacare's pre-existing conditions provisions?
Why is there a gun amnesty in Australia? (2017)
Did Trump shift the immigration debate to the right?
Who is lending the money for a nation's debt?
How come there have been 48 VPOTUS and only 45 POTUS?
How is the final name of a bill decided in the US Congress?
Could the Queen have stopped Brexit?
Have any cities managed to reduce the inflow of tourists during good economic periods?
Why do members of parliament address the speaker instead of speaking normally?
Does representativeness in a political system come at the cost of inherent complexity?
What instances are there of a sovereign adopting a successor?
Why does Britain adopt EU initiatives with greater zest than other more Europhilic member states?
A national electorate protests not against its government directly, but rather via the European Parliament?
Has the nuclear deal with Iran led to an escalation of Arab differences?
Can California really ban their residents from traveling to states without LGBT protections?
Is the Fixed-term Parliaments Act binding upon the UK parliament?
Can the UK Parliament introduce a constitution that would be legally binding to future parliaments?
Self-vote and anti-self-electors
The background of politicising religion in present-day US political debate
Do US politicians consider the 2008 Global Financial Crisis Finished?
Why do the Saudis want Al-Jazeera to be shut down?
Do the 3rd and 4th Amendments of the U.S. Constitution apply during martial law?
Is anyone allowed to attend a parish council meeting?
What is the problem for Saudi Arabia if Turkey maintains a base in Qatar?
What is the Russian Government's continuity of government chain of succession?
What is the continuity of Government chain of succession for the People's Republic of China?
Is there any evidence that Filipino president Duterte's war on drugs has been successful?
What are the key differences between a confidence and supply deal compared to a formal coalition?
National Security and the United Nations
Did the White House hold any Yazidi religious festivities during the Obama administration?
How exactly is the White House enforcing audio-only briefings?
Are Libertarians for or against prohibitions on insider trading?
Why isn't Pakistan able to prevent frequent bombings?
Why are wildcat strikes illegal in the United States?
How long has the STEM movement for women existed
Contradicting libertarian negative rights
Do Opposition amendments to the Queen's Speech amount to no-confidence motions?
Why hasn't the USA and EU lifted the arms export ban on China?
What are the benefits of being inside the EEA but outside the EU?
What are the overall aims of UK austerity, If the UK national debt has nearly doubled since it started?
Has the Pentagon provided evidence for their accusations against Assad's potential preparations for another chemical weapons attack?
Who formulated the theory that states actively promoted capitalism?
Why is public funding used to support bullfighting in France?
What are the consequences of being inside the EU but outside the EEA?
What is the difference between negative rights and positive rights?
Robert's Rules Regarding False Statements
What kind of pressure can/does China place on North Korea?
What "crimes against the sovereignty of the state and its bodies" were children accused of in Turkey?
What politically can be done to compel global compliance by Google?
Why are journalists covering U.S. executions banned from using photographic equipment?
What steps can be taken to combat unfunded state and federal pension liabilities in the U.S.?
What are the consequences of a minimum wage increase to £10 p/h?
Why didn't Britain, France & Russia object India on the successful test of Pokhran-II?
People receiving federal assistance in the US
Does gerrymandering not affect elections for US Senators?
What was the reason that the USA never accepted PRC as an ally after Chinese economic boom?
Why does there exist an implicit assumption that equalizing the standards of living across the EU won't harm the richer members?
What age is truly necessary for somebody to run for an elected position in California?
What is the EU stance on letting the UK stay in the single market after they leave the EU?
Why do some muslim countries ban polygamy?
Do any countries use a mathematical formula to divide districts, so that gerrymandering is avoided?
British parliamentary election results in convenient spreadsheet form
Why do many Parliamentary democracies require the formal consent of the Head of State for governmental appointments?
Why did the British not want India's allegiance to be completely dissolved from Britain?
Do current EU treaties allow any discussions ("reinterpretations") of Treaty of Trianon?
No Secretary of State for England?
Erdogan and the people he fired
Effect of Fair Representation Act
Why did Indian Parliament members stay up to 12:00 AM to launch GST bill?
What does the Supreme Court ruling on President Trump's travel ban do?
Could one completely control a single municipality or county by purchasing enough land?
Why is the USA able to damage the Russian economy by imposing sanctions but Russia can't do the same?
Estimates of the number who were incorrectly purged from Florida's list of eligible voters in 2000
Why are important summits held in big cities?
Is the Trump administration united on the Saudi-Qatar conflict?
How people in the US think about media, especially CNN?
What are education requirements for government positions in Germany?
Opposition members in cabinet
Why does Federal Communications Commission want to reverse Title II net neutrality?
Where can I find what MEPs were attending a plenary session?
North Korea communications before/during a missile test
Which powers does the UN have, and how can they be changed?
How does religion interfere with medical practice in US?
Does China still import defense tech and products from Israel?
Would Australia leaving ANZUS affect its Five Eyes benefits?
French municipal elections: How are the seats divided based on the vote?
Does the EU-Japan trade agreement include ISDS?
Why don't Sinn Féin take their seats in the UK parliament?
With Law-making powers what are the arguments for and against a Bicameral Welsh Parliament
What actions have the UK government taken to try to prevent another Grenfell Fire?
Why does India import a lot of military productls instead of developing and producing them locally like China?
Why does the U.S. mint bother coming up with coins no one uses for business?
What are some arguments for why a "license to vote" is a bad idea?
Why are the G20 summit protests in Hamburg so violent?
What stops any nation/country from leaving the UN?
Why do various officials insist on the fact that people should expect more terrorist attacks?
What would likely happen if China responded to US by flying through US airspace?
Has single-payer healthcare been actually introduced as a proposed bill recently?
What does Russian "Meddling" mean?
Swiss elections: Is a crossed-out vote then evenly distributed among the remaining candidates on a list?
Why do some European countries provide free higher education to foreigners?
Is there anything stopping countries negotiating trade agreements step-by-step?
Is there investigation into foreign influence on the 2016 electoral college?
What are the conditions needed to declare ISIS as defeated?
Why does the leader of Vietnam (General Secretary of the Communist Party) hold no state positions?
What's behind the cat and mouse play of ISI and CIA?
Why does Taliban still control huge areas in Afghanistan?
Would killing ISIS journalists be considered a war crime? If so, could ISIS use the ICC?
What are the differences between mercenaries and a country's armed forces?
Why is it so hard to obtain gay marriage recognition at EU level?
What is special about a Jeffersonian Democracy?
Did Lyndon Johnson predict that the Civil Rights Act of 1964 would cause the Democrats to lose the South?
How does Donald Trump Jr. benefit from releasing the e-mails he released?
Who does the "Crown prosecutor of Russia" refer to?
Why do countries maintain a Ministry of Justice?
Are there examples of municipal mayors or alderman/alderwomen or city counsilors who became Federal senators in the US?
Did US make any significant fiscal changes following Panama Papers disclosures?
Does it usually backfire if a presidential candidate challenges an incumbent from their own party?
How do some countries make political laws against the burka but not against nun habits?
How effective are political banner ads by social media websites? Are obnoxious ads counter-productive?
Could DC be redistricted?
How much of Puerto Rico's economy is held by mainland individuals and companies?
Puerto Rico's political parties and statehood
How can the monarchy in Spain disappear?
Why is George Soros demonized in so many countries?
Why is it a problem for Trump Jr to have met with Russians?
Is there a screening process within a party for US presidential hopefuls?
What political aspects prevent land purchases in North America moving national borders?
Does communism propose also "forced" labor for people who are ill?
Is there any evaluation of solidarity tax impact in France?
In what ground are Indian troops in Doklam against China right now?
Is it possible to separate "Marxism Non-Leninism" from Marxim-Leninism?
Have any investigators requested the minutes of Trump's Oval Office meeting?
If the independence vote in Catalunya is successful. What are the possible outcomes?
Why was homosexuality unacceptable in USSR?
Is christian communism a real political system?
How is Iran able to project its power?
Was Russia really able to solve its 'Ukraine problem' by invasion?
Rules for New Hampshire's 1845 Congressional election
Can states nullify the president's pardoning power by making federal offenses state offenses?
What is 'critical theory' in terms of restriction of free speech?
Do Sunnis support monarchy and Shias support republic?
Does Iran need to violate the JCPOA agreement to obtain a nuclear warhead?
Can a US state senator be referred to as a representative?
Government vs private homicides?
Why do countries like Pakistan, India, and Bangladesh have a parliamentary form of democracy?
Is there a recommended number of representatives in European democratic countries?
After Brexit, can the UK deal with individual countries of the EU?
How would an anarchist society deal with insurgents?
Is anarchism opposed to the concept of god?
What is currently stopping the most developed states from completely abandoning cash?
Can US congress nullify or hinder "Major Non-Nato Ally" status of another country?
What are the main restrictions that apply to European military personnel when engaging in politics?
How do I get a bank account for political party?
Why is "In God We Trust" written on US currency?
Why isn't Turkey finding Western vendors to purchase SAM systems?
Why do some promote "Medicare for all" and some "Medicaid for all"?
Are UK, the Netherlands and Germany considering pension fund reformation after stress tests of pension funds results?
What is the significance of a black and white Union Jack?
Motivations for, and effect of removing, tax incentives for political campaigns?
Why do Pakistan and China maintain LOC, and LOAC with India respectively?
Would the Flemish Belgians prefer to unite with the Netherlands?
What was the most measurably unpopular law ever passed in USA?
Have high risk health insurance pools been tried in practice?
How does the judicial independence in Poland after the reforms compare to other EU countries?
Is 'identity politics' vs 'freedom of speech' a valid dichotomy?
Why is Catholic Church hurrying to sanctify Mother Theresa?
In Muslim-minority countries, is it unusual for Muslim MPs or lawmakers to vote in favour of gay marriage or related legislation?
Conditions for socialism?
Do national political parties in the US exist in student government? (College)
Purchase of Healthcare insurance across County borders - why prohibited?
What is the reasoning behind the statement "I don't tolerate the intolerant"?
How does Russia define religious extremism?
What are the ramifications of eliminating the MLR requirement in ACA
Why are "the rich" more able to identify the party which represent their interests than "the poor"?
What share of Donald Trump's voters in 2016 voted for George Bush in 2004?
Anarcho-Communism distribution of wealth
How would a non-dictatorial communist state stop an individual from owning means of production they made themselves?
Are all communist countries run by dictators?
Who takes over oversight of the Russia investigation if Jeff Sessions resigns or is fired?
Have any Republican senators announced they'll oppose the motion to proceed on 2017-07-26?
How can a libertarian oppose private property such as cookies?
In Communism, what happens to property rights?
Are there any major countries without agricultural subsidies?
Difference between corporatism and craft unionism
Has the text of McConnell's "skinny repeal" bill been released?
What did Ehud Olmert mean by these statements on a two state solution for Israel?
Can the Senate reject recess appointments on their return?
What medical costs burden the military enough to warrant banning all transgender people?
What are the measures that define an "independent media"?
Can a bill that has been vetoed be reintroduced in the same form in a new Congress?
Why would a country restrict foreign airlines from flying to their airports?
What are the reasons behind the recent resurgence of far-right politics?
How long can a vetoed bill sit before congress can no longer use a supermajority to pass it?
Looking for case studies and theory on citizen diplomacy
Where is all the Venezuelan oil money?
Why did Australian Labor MP Khalil Eideh get denied entry to the USA?
Why don't Senate Republicans just pass a blank bill instead of "skinny repeal"?
Is the Affordable Care Act safe after the Republicans failed to repeal it?
Why is the ACA individual mandate the most lambasted part of the ACA when the ACA couldn't be funded without it?
Why does the Congressional leadership sometimes pull a failing bill from consideration and sometimes allow it to fail, even over and over?
How can citizens learn more about the origin & current process of gerrymandering in the U.S. political system?
What is the meaning of a "symbolic vote" in the House or Senate?
How would the Single Transferable Vote be implemented in the United States? (House and Senate)
Why did John McCain fly all the way to Washington after brain surgery just to vote no?
Does "Nation of Islam" still hold black supremacist beliefs?
How can.Obamacare implode?
Is it possible for Trump to kill Affordable Care Act (or just the Individual Mandate) through an Executive Order?
Is it possible for a senator to appoint a surrogate to act on their behalf?
Did McCain change his opinion on transgender people in the military?
Which policies has Trump enacted that has (possibly) influenced the GDP and economy positively?
Why have the Republicans been pressured to repeal Obamacare straight away when Obamacare itself took years to negotiate?
Can the US president unilaterally hurt Congress members financially?
India's huge human capital flight
By what process can the President prevent the Treasury from paying out subsidy checks to commercial insurers as provided in the ACA?
Did Chile's productivity/capita go up during Pinochet's reign?
Can a U.S. Senator block the Vice President from voting by not attending a vote and having the results be 49-50?
Does the US Senate still have the option to pass some form of healthcare bill through the budget reconciliation, during this fiscal year?
"The time for talk is over", says the US, but what talking have they been doing?
Fatal Riot Caused by Social Media In the West
Have the US or Chinese governments indicated a point at which they would invade North Korea?
Why did Russia allow a much larger number of US diplomats based in Russia?
Why did Russia expect Trump to have a friendlier attitude towards them than Obama and Clinton?
What happens if all of the Supreme Court seats are empty and the President fails to appoint anyone?
What does it mean to declare a national emergency under the Stafford Act or the Public Health Services Act?
Why did food "double standard" reach the political level?
How can Switzerland maintain a banking system which is almost unaccountable to the rest of the world?
Why is Bernie Sanders associated with pudding?
Political rule by council
Is there any time limit that the President has to obey when speaking of signing a law?
Why is/was Austria so strict about Google Street View?
Why does the USA restrict president candidates to natural-born citizens?
As of August 2017, what would it take for Bernie Sanders to assume the presidency of the United States?
Why didn't Trump veto H.R. 3364 since he considers it "significantly flawed" with "clearly unconstitutional provisions"?
Why is the USA threatened by ballistic missiles from North Korea?
Why would a state tax something to obtain money for unrelated activities?
How many presidents have been subject to a grand jury?
What public office did Prince Philip hold?
Why is China not driving the Indian troops in Doklam plateau out?
Why won't Russia leave the Council of Europe?
Have previous presidents fired their staff with comparable frequency to Donald Trump?
Is it common to deny airspace access rights to personae non gratae within the European Union?
Why would Russia care about NATO troops on its borders if it has nuclear weapons?
How do Libertarian political thinkers address self harm?
Does a Presidential Pardon apply to other crimes which are uncovered during the investigation of the pardoned crime?
Why didn't the number of government employees go down by a significant margin after computers and the Internet were introduced?
What would a space marines unit of the US armed forces entail?
Do politicians use bug trackers or version control etc.?
Why don't FIFA and the Olympics committee assign host cities based on an open auction, rather than taking backdoor bribes?
What is the purpose of the North Korea sanctions?
Why do people make the mistake of calling it a "job market?"
Do federal agencies ever spend more than is appropriated?
Why aren't EU Parliament elections synced with national election dates?
Can POTUS prevent Congress from overriding a veto by ignoring a bill?
Can a US political party reject a potential candidate?
Did a a US law ever come into force through the 10-day rule?
Why won't the Western countries block Chinese websites in retaliation for China blocking American and European online services?
Why does European Union not seem to put pressure on all member countries to outlaw bearer shares?
Why does Poland receive more in gross and (far more in) net EU funding than any other member state?
What are Kim Jong Un's stated foreign policy goals?
How do New Left proponents of No Platforming answer John Stuart Mill's claim that all silencing of discussion is an assumption of infallibility?
Are there any developed countries where the government doesn't spend money on sports, theaters, museums and other forms of entertainment?
At what point can a micronation establish its own laws?
Why are US politicians concerned that some US counties may only have 1 insurer choice in 2018
Did North Korea say if they are planning to fire missiles at or near Guam?
What are "free" and "fair" elections?
Why does US allow creating legal entities without real beneficiary disclosure?
What is North Korea trying to achieve with its belligerence toward the US and others
Is firing an ICBM legal?
Why does US law look at biological age rather than mental age?
Why would North Korea attack the United States or a neighboring country with nuclear weapons?
Have election boycotts ever successfully undermined the results?
What is Doklam's strategic importance for India and China?
Why doesn't PRC help install a new leadership or stage a coup to preserve DPRK -- or even take it over altogether before the US does?
Why not rely on submarines to avert a mutual nuclear destruction by mistake?
Behavioural consequences of real-time electronic voting results publicly available
Why does EU consider linking the "rule of law" to payments?
Why do NOAA and the USPHS have uniformed services?
Does diverging attitudes towards Slovenia coincide with Trump's election?
Why are insurers dropping out of the ACA exchange?
Why does the United States call Japan an ally?
Have US presidents changed the majority in special elections after promoting senators to WH jobs?
When a government pays centuries old debt... who exactly is it paying?
What is the immigration policy among different German parties?
Why did Israel prefer to finance kibbutzim using banks instead of subsidies or other forms of support?
What is the cost of standing for election in the USA?
What is this lapel pin insignia Steve Bannon is wearing?
Do any states require a resignation in order to run for office?
Is Japan still bound by the terms of its surrender in WWII?
Why do refugees come to Japan?
Private ownership of productive resources as basis for existence of social classes?
Why haven't Democrats implemented Obamacare state by state?
What are the main arguments against White Nationalism?
Why did Australia grant refugee visas to Syrians despite their extremely harsh immigration policies?
Are there any notable white nationalists that aren't white supremacists?
Are there any states in US that allow healthcare premiums to increase without limit?
Is President Trump right that there was violence on "both sides" in Charlottesville?
What policies have been discussed or implemented to tackle Celibacy Syndrome in Japan
Linking of rivers in India
Why is it a bad thing that there was violence "on both sides"?
Who organized the "Unite the Right" rally in Charlottesville?
Why is Hizb ut-Tahrir outlawed in Muslim countries but allowed in Western Countries?
How many Kurds have been killed, injured or incarcerated by Turkey in the last 20 years?
How can I figure out how much money a political lobbying group has given to my congressman?
Why did Switzerland's referendum about basic income proponents propose actual amounts?
Why would China object to a US-friendly Korea on their border?
Why are some against the removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee?
Which redesigned policies have enabled China to survive the 1989-91 global communist crisis and prosper even while remaining a 'Communist State'?
Why is there a need to set up air route between India and Afghanistan?
Who initiated the removal of the Robert E. Lee statue in Charlottesville?
Why does Hungary no longer seem to support the BRUA gas pipeline project?
Is enfranchisement the answer to the middle east problem, or is dictatorship necessary for stability in the region?
How does North Korea prevent their ambassadors/diplomats living abroad from defecting?
Who were these people during the US President's press conference on infrastructure the other day?
What is the process of the UK sellings arms?
Do feminists oppose sex-selective abortion?
Where have all the Confederate Statues come from?
Why isn't Japan criticized for its refugee policies as much as other developed countries are?
How effective is the fight against skewed sex ratio in India?
Are "left leaning" and "liberal" the same?
How did so many Australian politicans recently win Parliamentary seats while unaware of or denying their second nationality?
Why did Japan not raise taxes instead of borrowing to avoid having such a large debt ratio?
What did Carl Schmitt mean when he said this?
Why would Congress want to censure Trump and what would that mean exactly for America
Has any organization ever made it off the SPLC list?
Why is the US president commander-in-chief?
Why don't all countries with large denominations of currency go through redenomination?
Why would the government care about sex-selective abortions?
What is Antifa?
How to find out the minimum popular vote percentage determine the minimum popular vote that yields a majority of electors in the college?
Which US states have the most right-wing, "alt-right", KKK affiliated or neo-nazi groups?
What is the origin of Left and Right in politics (before France)?
What’s the point of a party running with a list in the federal election if it cannot possibly pass the electoral threshold?
Has this election system been used before?
Why does the upper class of Egypt dislike Hamas?
Is signing the NPT mandatory to join the NSG?
Why aren't there upper-age limits for government officials in the US?
What do terms like "I yield my time, Mr. Speaker" mean?
The Paradox of Russian Nazis
Why is Islamic State (IS) referred to as "so-called"?
What do terrorists hope to accomplish by killing muslims?
Does categorizing/framing actions/labeling people based on intent stem the growth of that action?
Why are Americans more scared of terrorism than other more common death causes?
Why are European politicians usually reluctant to use expropriation to speed up public works?
What is the point of the twenty-second amendment?
Why did it take so long for Germany to change laws applied to wireless hot spots?
Why is the US seen as the sworn enemy to the DPRK when there were many other belligerents involved in the Korean War?
How might you describe this political position?
Why are most terrorists kind of .... ineffective?
Is the "War in Afganistan" a US military mission or a NATO Mission?
Background or precedent for a political attack on one US senator being an attack on the senate as a whole?
How does the Leefbarometer score liveability based on the share of people from Morocco, Surinam, and Turkey?
Why does India want Kashmir so much?
Who pays for "campaign rallies," nearly 4 years out?
Can Julian Assange leave the Ecuadorian embassy after Sweden dropped the investigation against him?
Under which conditions are EU border guards allowed to use weapons?
Is Austria breaking State Treaty?
If presidents are impeached and removed from office, how are they forced out?
You have the right to remain silent, but why?
Did those who voted to stay in the EC also vote to leave the EU?
Why is North Korea threatening the South and US more in 2017 than prior?
How will shutting the government down enable Trump to build his Mexico border wall?
Why doesn't North Korea just silently build their nuclear weapons?
Under existing US laws, could the US immigration authorities begin issuing fines to employers who hire illegal immigrants?
Can the US Congress pass a law to require all presidents to disclose their taxes?
The US has done lots of Quantitative Easing, so why does it not do the same for its debt?
Why Michael Brown shooting is still being used as an example of police violence against minorities?
What is the point of "we are not scared"-responses to terror?
Could the second amendment be, well, amended?
What is the procedure of changing official English country name by United Nations?
What is the practical value of free speech?
What are the Realpolitik benefits in taking in refugees from the perspective of Europe?
Can the president of the USA unilaterally declare someone attainted?
Does the president have any real power over the budget in the US?
What is the difference between landsting and länsstyrelse?
Why does Sweden spend so much on official development assistance?
What can/do governments do to address house prices being driven up by foreign investors?
Why were so many referendums about marriage definition initiated in the recent years?
Germany's reaction to the latest US sanction on Russia
What is the point of congress censuring a US president?
Why does the pardon of Arpaio show contempt for the rule of law?
Why does a birth certificate need to be recently generated?
What has North Korea achieved, by firing a missile over Japan?
Did any country with occupied territories hold a national referendum?
Why hasn't the US tried to stop the North Korean missiles?
If one party controls the house and 2/3 of the senate, what's to stop them taking the presidency?
Could the USA rejoin the Paris Climate Accord?
For what stated reasons (not opinion) is classical communism antagonistic towards the bourgeoisie more than the aristocracy?
Why does the EU care so much about the UK divorce payment?
How do very small countries prevent foreign interests from buying out their political elite?
What did Trump mean when he mentioned "extortion money" for North Korea?
Why doesn't the USA bomb North Korea's missile infrastructure?
May the UN security council kick out permanent members?
What is the point of the president visiting regions struck by hurricane?
Does the Monegasque Minister of State receive Monegasque citizenship, jus officii?
Missile interceptor failure
is the USA afraid of Venezuela?
Did China do anything to prevent its citizens from traveling to South Korea other than banning its travel agencies from selling package tours?
What are the main arguments made for White Nationalism?
When did modern Middle-Eastern terrorism start?
Is there a maximum period for declassification of information in US?
Why was Moldova the only post-Soviet country to elect a communist government?
Why have North Korean relationships worsened since the June 15th joint declaration?
Why do the Federated States of Micronesia allow all nationalities in without a visa?
What's the point of non-nuclear nations signing an agreement to ban nuclear weapons?
What exactly happened during Reagan's invocation of the 25th Amendment?
Why is it so hard for the US government to commit to landing a man on Mars as compared to the Apollo program?
Why can't president Trump just ask the NSA for the emails that Hillary deleted?
Have any states deinstitutionalised marriage in favour of civil unions?
Do declarations made by politicians using social networks have the same effect as those made through classical ways?
What happens if on an U.S. presidental election, in one of the states, the election fails?
Is there less risk that my vote will be tampered with if I vote by mail/absentee?
How did the FBI decide antifa were anarchists?
Why is a sympathizer of a party the party itself
What percentage of US Congress/Senate votes are cast according to party lines?
Why is North Korean behaviour often described as "provocative"?
What were the effects of the UK entering the EEC ("Brenter")?
Does "President" automatically imply that this person is also the guarantor of observance of the Constitution in the country?
Why does the US not just accept North Korea's nuclear ambitions and attempt to mend relationships?
Why Aung San Suu Kyi is silent on brutality on Muslim minority in Burma?
Canada: "Governor General" vs "Governor in Council"
Does socialism require capitalism, or can it be a standalone ideology?
Has Nigel Farage made a statement regarding his MEP pension?
Panel data on US presidents electoral legitimacy
What are the 3 Offices of President in America?
What is China's motivation for being friendly to North Korea?
How are the terms "left wing" and "right wing" applied to different scenarios?
Would it be possible to discriminate with government services?
Is there a study that measures the effectiveness of lotteries in increasing VAT revenue?
Why can New Jersey discriminate against age but not race or gender?
Why is President Trump ending the DACA program so controversial?
Weapons exporting process of the U.S?
When will Trump canceling DACA start leading to deportations?
What do British people think about female-only carriages on trains?
Can someone explain how the healthcare Medical Loss Ratio (MLR) testing is applied to health insurance policies?
In the US, are there any areas of governance which are not under control of the Federal Government?
Why does the US engage with North Korea
What are the stated downsides of allowing to default on college loan debt?
What exactly is the purpose of the Non-Proliferation Treaty when nuclear weapons can be substituted with conventional explosives?
Why is multi-speed Europe (EU) regarded as a bad idea by some politicians?
In the context of America's espionage infrastructure, what is NE?
Trump's recent siding with the democrats on 3 months debt extension - trying to understand a few things
Is there any region that considers to or already uses Demarchy?
How do Democrats "gain leverage" by a three month debt limit increase?
Why does the US want to prevent Iran and Turkey from acquiring nuclear weapons?
Atlantean Form of Government
Why is having border controls in Ireland so problematic for Irish nationalists?
What are the downsides of requiring demographic quotas in parliament?
Does the US Constitution's "to provide for the common defense" automatically apply to a non-existent but potential future cis-lunar economy?
Why does counting in UK elections not occur in polling stations?
Are there any studies on the effect of political power centralization on sustainability?
Why are Weapon Restriction Laws considered Liberal?
Why did Saudi prince visit Israel?
Prior to the 2000 election, were there any predictions that Gore would win the electoral but lose the popular vote
What percentage of "War On Drugs" prisoners could the POTUS pardon? (aka. State Prisoner % vs Federal Prisoner %)
What are plausible possible outcomes after the Catalan referendum?
How does official Russian strategy view Turkey from military standpoint?
Is there a global agreement for plastic pollution reduction?
How to measure equivalency- the David vs Goliath problem
Is the Queen privy to any state secrets?
Why is Duterte so anti-American under Trump?
What is Congress doing to address phone scams using spoofed phone numbers?
Why is privacy a subject felt more in Europe rather than the US?
Is there a political theory of running state without politicians?
Why are tax cuts not tied to job creation and growth?
Why can't a local government run a religious public school?
Trump and Democrats "deals"
Why has Israel not acknowledged or denied its nuclear weapons?
What is the "McCaul-Thompson" bill that may be part of Trump's DACA deal?
Does Ontario have an Islamic Heritage Month?
Why do US tech companies honor rulings by the EU when they don't have jurisdiction?
Does staying in the single market post-Brexit mean freedom of movement?
Can a EU member merge with a non-EU one without previously setting up/changing some agreements at EU level?
Are the US drone strikes inside Pakistan approved by the Pakistani government?
Have there ever been Members of Parliament who weren't UK citizens?
Is there any cooperation between South Korea and Japan in the area of defense production?
Does the EU acknowledge that the lack of a common language is a large trade barrier within the Union?
Has Dalai Lama achieved any practical improvements for the people of Tibet?
Why would a bullet train launch need a military parade?
Can a country adopt and issue currency not theirs
Have any jurisdictions made a large number of prosecutions for FGM?
What are the benefits for Ireland to have a separate language, rather than exclusively relying on English?
Could the devolved UK administrations legislate directly for Brexit?
Is fascism left or right wing?
Why is it legal to discriminate by gender when letting rooms and flats?
Making news into theatre meaning?
How to know what Congress will be voting on?
Why did the USA suspend its military aid to Pakistan in 1965?
Was Saddam ever a US ally?
List of countries that can, without help, develop nuclear weapons
Can EU countries establish free trade agreements with the UK post Brexit?
How exactly are further sanctions meant to prevent North Korea from continuing their nuclear program?
Why does Graham-Cassidy have a tight deadline?
What UN policies could help end the Rohingya crisis?
Why don't all countries attempt to get rid of all nuclear weapons?
How was this person considered for a pardon in Iceland?
Outside of Iceland's PM, did the Panama Papers have any meaningful effect on high level politicians?
What gave Theodore Roosevelt the authority to merge two requests for statehood into one?
Why did Nebraska ratify the Twenty-seventh Amendment 24 years after it came into force?
Why is Modi establishing bullet train from Mumbai to Ahmedabad?
Why do people care about the Nobel peace prize?
What attributes, criteria, or other factors can be used to measure to health of a political party?
Pence as president?
Does this argument against healthcare as a right not apply to a "speedy and public trial"?
Can a UN member be penalized for threatening the destruction of another member?
Why is the military so much involved in Pakistan's establishment as compared to India?
In social contract theory, is there anything which may not be included in an agreement?
Who can get UN kicked out of New York City?
If all the countries had Nuclear Weapons, would that stop all wars?
Does the UN have any internal safeguards applying to its resolutions?
Can a country escape US sanction by merging its economy with a country USA can't put sanction on?
What's the origin of the concept of "no first use"?
Where can I find the document that rescinded DACA?
Where can I find the text of Joe Arpaio's Presidential Pardon?
What is the motivation for the NRA
Is it practical to protest the same sex plebiscite with a ballot?
Graham-Cassidy: Where does this name come from?
What motives do those supporting gun control assign to the NRA?
Can the Republican Congress pass both tax reform and healthcare reform using the same budget reconciliation bill?
Would Article 5 of NATO apply in case Catalonia attempts to secede from Spain by force?
What purpose do anti-Polygamy laws serve?
What did Trump mean by "Nambia"?
What proportion of the electorate in Catalonia speaks Catalan natively?
Is there a historical precedent of POTUS barring entry to the White House based on the prospective visitor's criticism of the President?
Implications of a Kurdish Exit from Iraq
What is the point in keeping China out of MTCR?
What controls, organizations, or mitigations are there that limit or reduce bribery in politics and policing?
Under what circumstances are food banks financially necessary?
Did Rand Paul discuss why he changed his mind on Repeal and Delay?
Have Catalonian politicians addressed a scenario where one or more border districts would prefer to stay with Spain after the independence?
Why is the FDP seen by some as a risk for the EU?
Can you help me identify this social policy concept: if a mechansim can be abused, it will be?
What did Kim Jong-un mean by “denied the existence of … my country”?
Why does the U.S. not recognize North Korea as a nation?
Can non-US citizens illegally vote in the presidential election in California?
Why would it be considered advantageous to negotiate ones own trade treaties?
Can the president reappoint someone that Congress has rejected?
Why do some people take issue with kneeling during the anthem in US?
What is a run on the pound?
In Bundestag election, can a party abuse the system by endorsing independents in constituency (first vote) races?
Why has Susan Collins rejected all attempted forms of healthcare reform as it relates to the ACA lately?
In the US Congress, how is it decided which bills get voted on?
What committees in Congress handle tax code modifications?
How has foreign admissions to US colleges and educational institutions fared since Trump's appointment?
When did it become acceptable to attack the First lady in American politics?
To what degree do Americans think of Europe as a singular political and cultural entity?
Is the PKK and PYD's political outlook unpopular among Iraqi Kurds?
A King and a President?
Why haven't the embargos against Cuba and Venezuela worked?
What is the total amount of defense deal between USA and India right now?
Self determination and the need for state recognition
What are the arguments for keeping the Jones Act, and who is making them?
How are "non-princely" titles assigned to British royals?
Where can I get official election results for the house for a given year
Why do the parties insist on single-party solutions when the other party is likely to [try to] undo it when the power changes?
What is the advantage of changing from 7 tax brackets to 3?
How does Trump's stance on Cuba differ from Obama's?
Is there any diplomatic or strategic hurdle from Russian part regarding arms sales to Pakistan?
Why is there always a tension between Saudi Arabia and Iran?
Why would Madrid be so insistent on preventing the Catalonian independence referendum?
In what way is the Catalan referendum illegal, rather than inconsequential, under Spanish law?
Why bother stopping people from voting?
How are people in Germany educated about crimes of the Wehrmacht?
Independence referendum Vs Country sovereignty
Why do some Catalans want to become independent?
How does the argument go that gerrymandering restricts freedom of association?
What is meant by "politicizing" an event and how to avoid it?
Why are outlier events not a reason to take action?
How did the electoral system work in late Ottoman empire and early Turkey?
When is an act considered domestic terrorism in regards to US policy?
To what degree does the ACA decrease the average lifespan of young/healthy individuals?
How many people were seriously injured during the Catalan independence referendum?
Are there countries where a member of the legislative branch can have more than one vote?
For the 2017 Catalan independence referendum, are there any turnout estimates counting only polling stations where voters were actually able to vote?
What criteria need to be met to become a Conservative MP Candidate in the UK?
Supposed "Russia-linked" political ads placed on Facebook - are there examples?
Under the US 2nd Amendment, are there limits to the size or type of firearm?
Is the Southern Poverty Law Center A Political or Information Organization?
Why would Mueller notify the White House that he wants to interview Spicer and Priebus?
Why do many states in America have straight borders?
Why do more countries not use Daesh to refer to ISIS?
How do democratic governments-in-exile, such as the Rada of the Belarusian Democratic Republic, choose their members of government?
Under what circumstances are military personnel not combatants?
Why would non-native Catalan speakers vote to leave Spain?
Why did Saudi Arabia not allow women to drive?
Is gun violence in the US mostly limited to people involved in property/violent crime?
Why have US Presidents not been given the power of line item vetoes?
Are there secessionist movements in regions which lack a distinct language or dialect?
What could Spain do legally if Cataluña proclaims independence?
Why are anti-independence Catalans so silent?
Looking for details about the Ga. 11/7/2017 general election
What negatives could come with union membership being made a prerequisite for employment?
Do any Republicans oppose banning bump fire stocks?
What is the difference between war and terrorism?
Is there a reliable English translation of "Foundations of Geopolitics" by Aleksandr Dugin?
Why haven't the property of present-absentees not been returned?
Can the Queen of the United Kingdom appoint her successor?
Did Mandatory power in Mandatory Palestine act 'prejudicially'?
Could a democratic removal of the British monarchy ever be practically implemented?
Are there any heads of state who are dual citizens?
Can Spain be suspended from the EU?
Why is the US the only country in the world with nearly absolute "double jeopardy" protections?
What is the motivation behind Saudi and the UAE's spending on arms?
Why are there so many woman leaders in South Asian countries while there are none in the US?
Why are ambassadors considered to be important politicians?
Why is it so important for a non-EUR EU member to adopt EUR currency?
Do any countries have a 100% open immigration policy?
What is the opinion of non-Catalan Spanish citizens regarding the use of force to subdue the Catalan independence?
What do gun opponents in the US say regarding the balance between security and the freedom to own guns?
Why doesn't the EU have a single top-most level representative?
Is Fascism ideologically descended from communism?
How was Silvio Berlusconi in power for a long time?
Is the War on Drugs a declared war?
Will an independent Catalonia maintain an open border with Spain and France?
What moral hazards are possible when a government produces its own currency; vs when it doesn't?
Are there countries which have a policy of ignoring bomb threats?
Why do proportional representation voting systems not evolve to first past the post systems?
What is the Alt-Left?
Which state benefited the most from the Great Compromise? (US)
If the U.S. government wants to say something to Kim Jong Un, how it does it?
Is America the only country where army officer appointments have to be confirmed by congress?
How do democracies maintain the independence of judiciary?
Would a Catalan secession from Spain spark whole new borders in Europe?
Are white helmets propaganda or legitimate?
What is the role of the South Korean military service in case of a war with North Korea
What is the position of the main Spanish Catalonia independence movements on French Catalonia?
Has the US Government acknowledged the slight decline of the secondary education?
Can the Tweede Kamer or anyone else withdraw a law if an advisory referendum on it has already been requested?
IRA's approach to Brexit
In the US why is nationalism equated with racism?
What is the significance of Macron's proposed status change to the European Flag, and what steps would be needed to make this a reality?
Wrongfully influencing a private entity’s employment decision/practice, Is this law being violated?
Can the POTUS take away licenses from news networks?
To what extent do Kashmiri people desire independence?
Have the USA ever suspended visa services in any NATO state before Turkey?
Why is the USA leaving UNESCO?
Can a country sell part of its land to pay off huge national debt?
Why does the Puerto Rico governor get to forcefully pass bills rejected by their house and senate votes via a executive order?
Why does a country have to pay a fee to leave the EU?
Why is Japan's urban development so polarized?
How does Islamic single-sex education, ruled unlawful, differ from other single-sex education in the UK?
Is it possible to define autocracy and subsequently legislate against it?
Is it possible for a US President to be an autocrat while remaining within the boundaries of the US constitution?
Can a congressional act change peoples legal names?
Given that there isn't a fiscal union in the EU, why would the Greek crisis threaten other Eurozone members?
Does the USPS post office lose $6 billion per year and require taxpayer bailouts every year?
What is the 'relevance' of this article by Uri Elitzer according to Ayelet Shaked?
What pressure was President Clinton under when he refused to call the Rwandan Genocide by its name?
Can foreign countries disqualify Australian candidates at will?
Does Israel discriminate with voting rights of its non-Jewish citizens?
What is the political orientation of those banning "To Kill A Mockingbird" and similar literature?
How does Israel's level of corruption compare that of the West?
When was the USPS post office retiree healthcare benefits started?
Are there technical constraints in place that would prevent Harvey Weinstein from running for (and winning) US President?
Formula for efficiency gap calculation when there are more than two candidates
What exactly was the reason anti-Masonic party disliked Masons?
democracy in kingdom: has monarch extraordinary economic prerogative?
What has caused the demise of the Austrian Green Party?
Why is the new German parliament 12 % bigger?
Why did the DNC try to prevent Bernie Sanders from getting the Democratic nomination?
Are US territories getting the same degree of Federal support without paying as much in taxes?
How often do voters actually change the ranking of candidates in European countries with open-list proportional representation?
What are the real cost for companies leaving Catalonia?
Why did Visegrád Group members ask for warranties for their countries participation in EU future discussions?
Does anyone control the brand name of global parties, such as the Pirate or Green party?
A Spanish judge has jailed two key members of the Catalan independence movement. Have others been ever accused and convicted for sedition?
What's the cause of Somalia's 30+ year civil war?
Has the Syrian (Baath) government issued any public statements on desired post-war relations with Rojava?
What happens to the money that would have gone to states for the ACA subsidies?
Do separatist nations inherit any national debt?
Why is the efficiency gap (to measure Gerrymandering) higher when the voter repartition is perfectly uniform?
Did a Green party ever come first in national elections?
What are the steps to become an independent country once independence has been declared?
How to recount ballots with minimal influence of outliers?
What is the nature of "Brexit negotiations"?
What are the exact mechanisms of such form of corruption as 'state capture'?
What flag is it?
What does "direct Spanish rule over Catalonia" actually mean?
Why does Iran-Turkey relation function well, but not Iran-Pakistan?
What's will be like a viable and legal roadmap to Catalonian independence?
Can catalans lose EU/Spanish citizenship if Catalonia is independence?
Since the war, why did South Koreans make Seoul their capital again?
Can the Lateran Treaty be regarded as a reference for Separation of Church and State?
Why would the POTUS typically not want to interview U.S. Attorney candidates
In what way(s) does Brussels "act as a bully"?
Why are Spanish parties imposing new elections in Catalonia?
Can Rajoy repeat the Catalan election multiple times?
Have any politicians been elected to the government of two different countries during their career?
What does "rules-based order" mean?
Decentralized Electoral System
Why has Malta's perceived corruption grown so much recently?
Why hasn't there been a stronger push for a job guarantee program, versus UBI?
What are the projected changes in Knesset if electoral barrier is lowered from 3.25% to 2%?
Are minorities given harsher sentences in the criminal justice system in the US?
Preferred or "correct" English spelling: Vietnam or Viet Nam
Why would somebody want to shut down a speaking event?
What is the term for the idea that everyone should vote according to their own best interests?
Which country was leading "rules-based order" of the west before the USA?
How popular is the idea of building a nuclear power plant in Egypt?
What connects successful enterpreneurs and populism?
Is there anything illegal in Russia buying into the Uranium Market?
Why are Romania's and Bulgaria's reasons for postponing entering the Schengen area considered non-technical?
How deep below ground does sovereignty extend?
Why do US Republicans continually go after cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, social security?
How many Federal officials have been impeached and convicted?
What other European countries are experiencing independence movements?
China puts Xi’s name in constitution. do you know a similar case?
Why are there so many countries that apply interest rate caps/ceilings?
What did Reagan mean when he said: The nine most terrifying words in the English language are "I'm from the government, and I'm here to help."?
Are schedules part of Indian constitution?
Who would receive US secretary of state in the airport in a foreign country?
Why did Friedrich Hayek support Universal Basic Income
How did Obama "Fundamentally transform America?"
Are there any implementations of Online Deliberation?
What is the interest of US in implementing PEPFAR?
What have been the arguments against VAT in the US?
Why is there a problem in Spain in the first place?
Is China really Communist?
Why did Austria's nationalist party (Freedom Party) got so many votes as compared to other nationalist parties?
What disadvantages are there for a region in declaring independence, if that declaration is not widely recognised
Has there been research regarding the costs of maintaining a federation as opposed to a unitary state?
Is there a ranking of states based on how unitary/federalized they are?
Do flag and symbol bans mostly disfavor the locally ancestral and historic?
Why would a country grant citizenship to a robot?
How much is Catalonia complying with Madrid?
What happens when you antitrust a multinational corporation?
Are there any countries that consider regulating advanced artificial intelligence?
Does open-list proportional representation have an advantage over single transferable vote (STV)?
Diplomacy archival - Quest for official 2002 pictures - “first Taiwanese government official since 1979 to visit White House”
How can the Catalan leaders be accused for rebellion if no violence has taken place?
Why is Mueller not focusing on the 2016 Election?
Who is Rick Gates?
Is it possible to be a socialist and a capitalist?
Is it normal for a democracy to prosecute secessionist leaders for rebellion?
UK foreign aid to India
Why is Daylight saving time (DST) still used in so many Western countries?
Was Paul Manafort permitted to leave the country before his indictment?
What exactly is "collusion"? What is Robert Mueller expected to prove?
is Gerrymandering unconstitutional?
Can someone explain the difference between Civil Rights, Civil Liberties and Freedoms?
Why did Russia reduce punishment for some forms of domestic violence?
Under Chicago School economics, will monopolies naturally go away?
How would a libertarian government deal with intellectual property?
Who made this comment about Brexit and in what context?
Why is the climate change debate so often framed in terms of whether or not it's due to human activity?
Why should people other than political scientists become or be allowed to be politicians?
Does currency exist in communism?
Why is paid lobbying considered a form of 'free speech'?
Were there any "Punch A Nazi" polls done in the US?
Who is this Taiwanese diplomat/politician standing next to Tsai Ing-wen (蔡英文), president of the Republic of China (Taiwan)
Is Saipov considered white or a person of color by Americans?
What alternatives did Victor Orban have to shutting down borders?
What is a "humble address" in the UK parliament?
Why do tourists have to declare $10,000 or more entering some countries?
What is Belgium's position on Catalonia declaration of independence?
How is polygamy handled policy wise in democratic countries where it is legal?
Why does China accuse India of occupying Arunachal?
How much alcohol has changed hands as part of the "Whisky War"?
What does this symbol (Turkish coat of arms) mean?
Why is there no paid maternity leave in United States (federal level)?
Healthcare costs
Is there a Constitutional fine on illegal immigrants?
How can the influence of wealthy individuals on democratic processes be reduced?
Is there a name for a voting system that is based on issues rather than people?
Why is there no effective anti-gun lobby in the United States?
How do governments around the world model the economy?
Can a President mandate Upvotes?
How much can an EU member delay implementing a directive in its national legislation?
Did Karl Marx support taking over the means of production by using force or violence?
Would it be reasonable to see each US "state" as a country in their own, nowadays?
Why "must" Roy Moore step aside if abuse allegations are true?
Why has China signed US$250 bn deals with the USA?
Why is US legislation formulated independently by both chambers?
How do I get onto a state gubernatorial ballot?
In US law, what means are there to block a nominee approved by the Senate to become a District Judge?
Did Juanita Broaddrick testify under oath against Bill Clinton?
How often are US federal judges appointed who have never tried a case?
Can the U.S. government cut a check to taxpayers by printing more money?
How was the exact time of Brexit computed?
Why don't people pay some tax to the country where they were raised?
Do Republican tax reform historically favor the wealthy and corporations?
What is the difference between federalism and intergovernmentalism in the context of the EU?
Why does Turkish president Erdoğan feel so threatened by exiled cleric Feytullah Gülen?
What happens to a country that runs out of population?
Why do Americans vote on coroners, magistrates, school directors, and tax collectors?
What has changed the US Americans view of the military service members?
How does Russia’s fake news benefit them?
Are there any measures to limit inheritance in capitalistic countries?
Is there any equivalent to the background checks required in professional spheres for those who seek public office?
Do the Republican tax bills meet budget reconciliation requirements and if not why would they be proposed?
What happens if Roy Moore drops out of the Alabama senate race?
What are the main policy differences between Emmerson Mnangagwa and Grace Mugabe?
Why is communism considered as evil (like fascism and nazism) in the United States?
Is there a legal way to find out if Saad Hariri somehow arrested or not?
Why does the ACLU defend the rights of illegal aliens?
If Roy Moore is elected, would this hurt the Republican party?
How predictive of the House Popular Vote is the Generic Ballot?
Why do some citizens support authoritarian regimes?
Are racist attitudes correlated with income?
Why did the US force Russia Today to register as a foreign agent? How does it benefit the US?
Why do some people in the British Parliament stand during the Prime Minister's Questions session?
Putin's 2016 announcement : Withdrawal of Russian troops from Syria
Minority politics in the US
What would happen if we banned CEO stock-options tomorrow?
Why don't various democratic countries keep military as the 4th component of the check and balance?
What would happen if a US president was put in prison?
Official reasons for locking guns and ammunition up separately
Why would a politician from a party in power in a democratic country put the blame on the so called "parallel state"?
How to participate in politics?
Open source community - a digital communism or something else?
Meaning of the new tech to future politics - AI, blockchain and Co. - reference to expert estimations?
Why don't countries use an auction to issue residency visas?
Why hasn't Austria joined NATO?
What are the arguments for raising the speed limit in the US?
How often do the US Senate and House of Representatives contradict each other?
Is there a map of which developing countries are influenced by which nations in terms of neocolonialism?
Why doesn't India give shelter to Rohingyas?
Why do we need static coalitions?
Why are the Brexit trade talks held up by the divorce talks?
How could the UK resolve the Irish border conundrum without staying in the Single Market?
In the US, what is the role of and relationship between federal law and state law?
Are there successful opposition parties in illiberal democracies?
To what extent do religious congregations in the US advocate a political party?
Does presumption of innocence work differently for politicians?
Is UK entitled for the brexit divorce payment refund if it rejoins later?
Has there ever been a documented instance of the problem that net neutrality purports to solve?
Under ACA why are limited open enrollment and a tax penalty both needed?
What does it take to start a "Federal Investigation", and what does such an investigation entail?
Are capitalism and communism equivalent in attributable mass murders?
Are there countries where members of the legislative body are allowed to vote remotely?
Identify two national flags from a picture (and/or video)
What laws has congress passed that allows the traffic intersection cameras in USA?
How was European Medicines Agency's new location actually decided?
What's the difference between Cooperativism, Market Socialism, and Syndicalism?
What is the Swachh Bharat Mission doing to reduce pollution in India?
Why does Modi administration want SIM cards to be linked to Aadhaar card?
What are the effects of the "Paradise papers"?
What is WTO’s national security exception?
Are there any political parties floating the idea of nationalization of telecommunications monopolies?
If UK left WTO - would it also have to pay divorce settlement?
Is “poorphobia” a valid type of discrimination?
What if North Koreans accidentally shot a South Korean?
Was the pentagon a legitimate military target?
Supreme Court alternates as tie prevention measure
Are you legally allowed to fight a war against terror?
Sitting Senator as Speaker of the House (US)
Could politicians be “blackmailed” because of possible ineligibilities?
Is the current opioid epidemic analogous to the crack epidemic of the 1980s and 1990s?
Do laws prevent a candidate from choosing a particular party affiliation?
Has the Republic of Ireland repaid the £9 billion provided by the UK after the 2009 financial crisis?
Can racial profiling (by police) in the United States be explained simply by the socioeconomic status of the suspect?
How many adult EU citizens living in the UK were excluded from the 2016 EU referendum?
Why do some countries forbid working on Sunday rather than strictly regulating it?
How do I interpret this table of the number of UK bills for the session 2016-2017?
Biggest lobby firms for labor
Which two oil platforms might Vietnam use in its propaganda posters? And why?
Can the POTUS be the monarch of the UK at the same time?
Why not to make law by demand by commitee of experts
What do you call it when everyone gets an equal vote on how taxes are spent?
Was Germany's decision about Glyphosat in November 2017 relevant?
Why is the intellectual consensus in the UK to prefer state-controlled philanthropy?
What would stop a representative democracy becoming a dictatorship?
In what way do political parties gain with the pressure of lobbies and vice versa
Why is the BBC asked to adopt standards/practices that commercial broadcasters are not?
Are there any examples of politicians within EU countries that have been elected after being convicted?
Does North Korea accept asylum seekers?
Is there a North Korean "interests section", representation of NK interests, or consular arrangement for NK citizens, in the United States?
Can someone please explain these numbers and how the Republican won the CA US 21st congressional district in 2016?
To what extent does pedophilia enjoy political support in the USA?
Saudi-Israel relations a reality? What are its potential effects?
How is there room for further sanctions against North Korea?
What are the criteria for belonging to the G20?
Has the Trump administration so far responded to any of the "We the people" petitions?
Under what conditions can US influence legislative process in another country?
Who is the GOP establishment? And do they support Trump?
What's the purpose of the International Criminal Court?
Is Collectivist Anarchist inconsistent?
What is the biggest flaw with this Democratic Taxation system?
As a non-U.S. citizen, who can I write to in the U.S. government about a corrupt organization?
Why does it matter which house of Congress a bill originates in?
Is the G20 replacing the G8?
Why is it a big deal if a UK minister watched pornography on a parliament computer?
Past population imposing election results to future population - Brexit
Why do countries encourage nationalism?
How does Saudi Arabia prepare for when they run out of oil?
What are the repercussions for introducing an amendment after a bill is passed through committee?
How does taxation in the USA benefit American citizens?
What happens after Senate tax bill is passed?
If the Russian regime is so popular, why does it need to invest into limiting freedom of expression?
What is this 45-star American flag?
How do libertarians see people that have an illness that they cannot afford treating by themselves?
Has Facebook’s (or other social network) block policy been abused to limit freedom of expression inside EU?
US media coverage of Dec. 2017 Israeli attack on Syria
How people are supposed to commute from home to work and do errands under the libertarian system?
How many US military troops are in Syria?
How have expert political observers evaluated the actions taken by Pakistan against terrorism in response to the Peshawar Army School attack?
Why do Americans care so much about their constitution?
Why the odd tax bracket intervals in the Senate Tax reform bill?
Has any EU directive related to "solidarity tax" been discussed and approved after 2015?
What are the advantages or disadvantages in reducing the number of Federal Income Tax brackets
What checks and balances are in place to safeguard a Central Bank's independence?
Is there a minimum amount of opportunity to provide for reading a bill to be passed?
At what moment is the handwritten text in the Republican tax plan defined and deemed binding?
Is there a clear statement from the DUP on their position on the post-Brexit border with Ireland?
Why are Democrats fighting over Conyers seat in Congress?
Did Republicans accidentally kill corporate deductions, and will it force the Senate to revise and re-vote?
When does the victor of the Alabama special Senate election actually become Senator?
Are there any laws that prohibit legislators from voting upon unread bills, or is it a dereliction of duty?
Is there any record of Trickle Down Economics improving the economy?
Are there any ways, besides death, for a sitting US President to be dismissed automatically?
Does federalism lead to the separation of single states?
What are the benefits for the US in declaring Jerusalem as Israel's capital?
Is it possible by law to run for President of the United States without appearing in public?
Has the USA explicitly recognized Israeli sovereignty in West Jerusalem?
Does the Electoral College system really favor low population areas?
Where would it make sense for Presidential candidates to campaign, assuming that the US moves away from the Electoral College system?
Reason behind why Trump may want to lift the Russia sanctions
Are lawmakers forbidden from bringing their children to the chamber?
What UK online newspaper portal to watch / follow?
Do swing states get significant benefits from the disproportional attention during Presidential campaigns?
What is a Republic?
Why are people with severe intellectual impairments allowed to vote in the UK?
Which KGB people captured the post-Soviet state?
What is the point of countries not recognizing the physical reality of who controls a certain territory?
Would it be right, wrong or misleading to say that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, 2017 passed by the Senate "largely cut taxes for the rich"?
Are concealed carry permit and drivers licenses analogous?
Does the UK-EU Joint Report essentially remove any leverage the UK has in further negotiations?
What is the purpose of issuing laws/regulations without penalty?
Has privately funded national policing ever been implemented?
Why didn't Labour's 2017 manifesto contain a commitment to abolish the House of Lords?
Are electric cars powered by coal-based electricity any benefit?
After Trump, who is responsible for the executive?
What are the disadvantages for the US in declaring Jerusalem as Israel's capital?
Why did India conduct Pokhran II in 1998, despite having already proved itself a nuclear power in 1974?
How to better ensure no conflict with laws of the United States for a person wanting to run for public office
What happened in California in 1994 when hate crime increased so much?
On what basis do Western countries consider Israel a legitimate country?
What happens to Staff when a Congressman Resigns?
MONUSCO: Member state reaction to UN offensive in the Congo
Why did Vladimir Putin order a pullout from Syria in late 2017?
Can the government use Henry VIII powers contained within EU withdrawal bill to abolish general elections?
Military aid Israel has received from the US
How is judicial independence ensured for International Tribunals?
How do US Senate Elections Work?
What motivation, if any, was given for Alabama's write-in vote law?
Difference in Brexit terms
What countries support US in declaring Jerusalem as Israel's capital?
Did a Vice President ever cast a tie-breaking vote against his own party?
What proportion of recognised countries have their foundation through violence?
What would be the necessary steps to make Jerusalem an independent country?
In U.S. , what happens when a party doesn't endorse first-term president as nominee in the next election?
Does the government of Israel have an official position on the claimed territory?
Does the US constitution have a clause/procedure for defaulting?
Are there any examples of dealing with unenforced laws?
Are political donations to foreign politicians residing in Canada but campaigning abroad tax free?
Which Brexit option did the UK end up with?
What are the main arguments against net neutrality?
Can the seating of a Senator be delayed indefinitely?
Result if a sitting president was found ineligible by surprise discovery of origin
Who legitimizes the new constitution of a Nepal?
Can the UK realistically back out of Brexit?
If an impostor President was elected, and later found out, would the impersonated person then hold office?
What are the major points of contention for Net Neutrality in the courts?
Who are the 5 consultants who got the $700-800 million from the DNC / Joint Fundraising Agreement Budget?
What are the reasons that Poland's people would allow the elimination of separation of powers?
Why can't the counties that support the proposed state of Jefferson appeal directly to the federal government for statehood?
Has the Korean War actually ended?
Why doesn't South Korea give up its claim on North Korea?
Is there a democratic country that bans pre-election polls for a relatively long period before the actual elections?
How could the free market limit the effects of net neutrality's repeal?
Are American FBI agents not allowed to have personal opinions?
Has anyone attempted to quantify the effects of a full legalization of all drugs?
Are there any statistics on the socio-economic background on affirmitive action college admissions
Could Obama have legally appointed a third party or more than three Democrats to the FCC?
Why is the Senate so much more prominent than the House of Representatives?
How far could Congress strip the President of his powers if they so wished?
Why are Jewish related places being targeted?
What is the procedure if the German post-election negotiations fail again?
How does ethnic voting in Bosnia&Herzegovina work?
Why is there no public outcry when the DNC gives control of a large part of their money to lobbyists?
Are the discontinuities in the Conference Tax Reform plan purposeful or accidental?
Mathematical models for political platforms
The current status of diplomatic relationship between the US and Somalia
Is it legal for US Senators to take favours?
Finance Bills being introduced in the lower house
State of Emergency
Can Prince Charles pass the throne to Prince William of his own free will?
Swiss military neutrality and the three roles for the military
What are the professional standards for FBI agents?
What would it take to shut down NK’s internet?
How does Trump's new national security plan differ from Obama's?
What is ethical liberalism?
Why are the EU and Media so against Poland's court reforms, when other countries have similar systems
Do "X% of people in US live in cable monopoly area" estimates include any other broadband ISP technologies?
Why must Title II be applied universally federally?
Can a U.S. state guard refuse to federalize?
Why does Denmark spend less of their budget on their universal health care than USA does?
Did most French people change their opinion about who contributed most to the defeat of Nazi Germany?
Do heirs to the British monarchy need to prove their fertility when they come of age to ensure the line of succession?
How does repealing the individual mandate adversely affect Obamacare?
What, if anything, can disqualify one from inheriting the British throne?
Why couldn't the FBI issue a warrant to get Hillary Clinton's emails?
What procedural difficulty forced a revote on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act?
Why is the UK so strongly opposed to private ownership of guns?
Is it possible for a country to use a cryptocurrency as an official currency?
Did Bill Clinton still have his Presidential powers after his impeachment by the House of Representatives?
Will most Michigan families get a tax hike due to the new tax bill?
How are U.S. Congress bills assigned their number?
In what ways is Obamacare better/worse than the previous healthcare system in the US, now that we have real world information about how it operates?
Does Japan suffer any significant drawbacks for having the most restrictive immigration policy of all developed countries?
How many of the congressional seats that the Democrats lost since the 2008 election are due to gerrymandering?
What are the negative economic effects of lower taxes in the US?
Tie Breaking in Final Round of Ranked Choice Vote
Which part of the Korean border is off-limits to North Korean soldiers?
Can EU triggering of article 7 eventually lead to financial loss (EU funds) for the targeted country?
Dealing with crime in cryptocurrency based economies
How does legalized prostitution affect human trafficking, if at all?
What real effect does today's UN vote to condemn the United States' recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital have?
What can UK citizens do to replace first past the post with a proportional representation voting system?
Is there any political theory addressing uncounted but traceable second ballots?
Are there any negotiations underway to return Syrian refugees back to peaceful parts of Syria?
How long is the tax code now, compared to before the Trump tax cuts of 2017?
Why does seemingly progressive Sweden strongly disapprove of prostitution?
How can EU/USA consider Russian presidential elections legitimate if non-Russian citizens in Crimea will be able to take part in them?
How does the disqualification of Alexei Navalny affect the legitimacy of the Russian presidential elections?
What are peoples' perspective regarding racism outside of Europe and North America?
Does this concept solve gerrymandering?
Why Does Pew Research Say That US 2016 Election Polls "Missed Their Mark"?
What does the world think about the death of Gadafi?
What's the relationship between North Korea and Russia
Is any diplomatic rule violated if an embassy promotes private companies brands (from respective country)?
Why would Russia supply a NATO country with S400 Missiles batteries?
Are there any advantages for an EU member when ensuring presidency of the Council?
Why did Democrats oppose Ted Cruz's provision to allow funds from 529 plans to be used for homeschooling?
Is Peru's political elite uniquely diverse?
Are there examples of "guerrilla politics" being effective in an European country?
What is the relevant law governing who grants rights to drill for oil in the sea?
What about are the chances of a global (or local) nuclear war, given the (very complex) current political situation?
Why did Trump fire all members of the PACHA?
How did Wickard v. Filburn affect future Supreme Court decisions?
Are there US documents other than the Constitution which detail Individual Rights?
Reaction to uncommon combinations of viewpoints in the US political culture
What is known about the Mueller investigation in December of 2017?
Where does George Weah stand on the political spectrum? Is he progressive or conservative?
India's problem with Palestine Ambassador's meeting
Provincial Education Act
Which human rights are officially supported and recognized by the Chinese Communist Party?
Why do the Tories keep Boris Johnson around?
Why haven't the sanctions relief improved Iranians living conditions?
Has the UN Terrorist Financing Convention had a material impact?
Why is the United States' war in Afghanistan referred to as "America's longest war"?
Why did the United States so aggresively attack Communism when they knew it wasn't going to work out in the long term?
What can UK citizens do to replace the first-past-the-post voting system with a proportional representation voting system?
Why isn't there public pressure to increase the highway speed limits given that most drivers speed on a daily basis?
Politics involved in separation of prisons and jails?
Does Pakistan have the power to force allied foreign troops to leave the country?
How are women integrated into the North Korean military?
What was the political motive behind United States Osama Bin Laden's killing? Why not capture him?
Why does the US prison system seem so ineffective when compared to prison systems in other developed countries?
Is there a literal nuclear button that launches a nuclear attack?
How did Tax Reform (2017 December) pass with a simple majority in Senate?
Global policies on hiring ex-convicts
Does moving the US embassy to Jerusalem make a three-state solution more likely?
Why shouldn't BBC have to register as a foreign agent?
Capitalism and Democracy
Has there been any attempt to prevent false information from spreading? (legal fact check)
Is it discrimination that women live longer but don't pay higher pension contributions?
What mischief could be caused by joining a political party in bulk?
How does federalism in the United States work?
If a country is annexed, what happens to the citizenship of expats?
What will be the effect of a Bitcoin tax?
Why do Mauritius passport holders have such easy visa access to so many countries?
Oldest head of government / state at time first elected to office
Statistics of Instant Runoff Voting
Is it accurate to compare the nuclearization of North Korea with that of Pakistan and India? Why or why not?
Can an EU country government extend exception list for freedom of expression?
Have there been any studies that show that advertising for an election has an effect on who wins?
Direct Democracy and Representative Democracy
Should Version Control Systems be used for legislation?
Did Anthony Scaramucci receive a certificate of divestiture in 2017?
How could Obama start DACA, but Trump can not end it?
What is a “right” according to the U.S. Constitution?
What kind of approval does Donald Trump need to build his wall?
Why is Ecuador protecting Julian Assange for such a long time?
Provisional Ballots in Ohio and the Larry Harmon case
Why are property taxes higher in some places than others (United States)?
What actually happened to the FISA reauthorization bill in the Senate?
Can the US ask for Julian Assange's extradition without any official charges?
To what extent can a member of the EU limit certain rights to its citizens only?
Why is the Quetta Shura allowed to exist in Pakistan?
Does Pete Hoekstra, the US Ambassador to the Netherlands, speak Dutch?
What are the reasons Oliver Stone's documentary 'Ukraine On Fire' had trouble getting a US distributor?
Why isn't Saudi Arabia running after Nuclear Weapons?
What qualified Sir Sherard Cowper-Coles for his initial post?
Why does the US usually send African-American ambassadors to African countries?
Which government department (or sub-department) in the UK conducts probate?
Why did German in South-Tyrol survive better than French in Aosta Valley?
Is there any precedent for the UK arresting a diplomat on their own soil?
Why does the Romanian prime minister's death threat against a national minority elicit so little reaction in the EU?
Why didn't the Founding Fathers foresee/prevent the Swamp I.e. the mega corp lobbyist govt complex system
Can you PNG someone who does not have an accredited diplomatic status?
Is there a term for the political concept of a nation always needing an enemy to fight?
Is there a correlation between armed security and casualties of people working in security?
Written contract with a presidential candidate?
Could Ecuador get Julian Assange out of the UK by giving him some mail to deliver?
Why does Russia seem to praise USSR personalities almost three decades after the fall of communism?
Why can't the "shithole" controversy be independently verified?
On what grounds can Trump's decision to end DACA be challenged?
What caused a massive shift in Republican ideological trajectories in the late '70s?
How can a Senate bill bypass committee and directly go to a vote?
How does US manage to maintain such a high military expenditure?
Why did a trade-union and labour movement not arise in the United States, as it did in other developed countries?
Why are medicine and certain medical procedures so expensive?
If a woman were elected President, what would be the role of her husband?
Is high-level political meetings not having a "fallback" something usual in politics?
Tax Reform - Make people's tax cut permanent first instead of corporations?
Do legislative earmarks improve compromise and/or reduce gridlock?
Why should/shouldn't India leave the commonwealth?
Why does the media workforce lean liberal or democrat
Why was the Germany's "Left Party" the only one to abstain from voting to create anti-Semitism commissioner?
How do political parties which identify with castes, languages or religions comply with India's RPA Act, 1951?
How many people in the US watch RT programming regularly?
Does one country cutting off defensive cooperation with another country constitute a valid casus belli as per international law?
How can I find the name of a bill mentioned in the press?
Why is the looming shutdown of the US federal government not avoided by "reconciliation"?
Limits of Congress’ override authority
Are there currently sensible differences between european socialist and green parties?
Has Holocaust Remembrance Day been used to commemorate what happened to indigenous peoples?
Why would federal commandeering of state officials yield more federal programs?
Why did Mitch McConnell vote against cloture for the continuing resolution on 2018-01-19?
How do the parties choose the location for international treaty?
In the USA, why is there still a government shutdown when Congress and the White House are controlled by the same party?
Why have the states of Greece and Macedonia failed to solve the naming dispute after so many years?
What does DACA have to do with the government shutdown?
Did Schumer offer Trump a deal that included the wall?
Why did Sen. McConnell object to Sen. McCaskill's resolution to fund the military during the government shutdown?
Has the White House expressed willingness to revisit the Friday DACA deal?
Are Japan's Prime Minister visits in Eastern Europe and Economic Partnership Agreement related to US withdrawal from Trans-Pacific Partnership?
Can a political ally provide political asylum?
Can a TV Network refuse to air political Ads they do not agree with?
What are the primary objections Democrats have to a border wall?
Why do we pay taxes during a government shutdown?
What exactly did the Republicans win from ending the shutdown?
Who is Senate Majority Leader if the parties are tied with a 3rd party president?
What is the Nunes Memo and what is preventing its release?
What power does the Vice President really have?
Why do monarchs claiming titles not related to their countries not cause political tensions?
Why would foreign nations sign on to FATCA?
What is the US 'Deep State' and what evidence is there for it?
In the United States, how are Presidential campaigns organized?
What has changed with the Trans Pacific Partnership in 2018?
Are there authorities that use complex simulation software when making decisions?
Why have US Presidents historically not attended WEF-Davos?
Is NHS reliance on foreign doctors typical?
What value does a modern (late 20th centrury, 21st century) political platform have in the United States?
What changes (from 2016) with the US out of the 2018 Trans Pacific Partnership?
Would a Social Credit System like the one contemplated in China be Constitutional In The U.S
Presidential Election via STV?
Does the UN recognize the borders of the 1947 Palestine partition? Or the 1949 armistice borders? Or something else?
80+ year old voting difference
Do any countries vote for representatives non-geographically?
Has there been an election where the vote in foreign consulates decided the outcome?
Does the cartel's ability to tunnel under walls negate the southern border wall's purpose?
Do political assassinations and attempts correlate with portions of the political spectrum?
Why would Venezuela refuse international aid?
Why would Putin even bother barring Navalny from participating?
Does Britain have de jure authority over the West Bank and Gaza?
Why did the House Intelligence Committee vote against releasing the Democratic memo?
Is there a good breakdown by ethnicity (white British, etc.) of how people voted in the Brexit referendum, both in Britain as a whole and in London?
Were there any cases when EU country officials accused European Commission of not being informed properly on some matters?
What is the Trump administration's legal basis for not imposing sanctions on Russia?
What is longest and average length of the Response to the State of the Union Address (US)
How many people are registered under the DACA?
What is the logic in cutting only 50% of the aid to the Palestinians by the US
Have State of the Union addresses historically been heavier on facts and statistics?
Drawbacks of Online Voting
Why does Spain have such a low paid leave available to mothers?
Longest known chain of command?
When is a democratic vote actually the wrong tool?
What was the rationale behind EO 13787 updating the DOJ Order of Succession?
Why does the EU invest in the adherence of countries with very low chances of becoming EU members?
What is the difference between the Guardia Civil and the Policia Nacional in Spain?
Why doesn't Russia recognize Kosovo if it uses the Kosovo precedent to justify annexing Crimea?
What was the TOP SECRET information in the Nunes Memo?
Are there political answers to AI-induced mass unemployment?
Impeachment of judges
Is the economics theory of Karl Marx regarding technological progress realistic to the end?
Does the Republican party have any means to prevent Arthur Jones from running as a Republican in the Illinois election?
Iran rebukes Turkey on Syria incursion - Why?
Why don't leaders of countries fight instead of armies in a war?
What scope does Title I Fisa have as it pertains to other US citizens not explicitly targeted by the warrant?
Roughly how many antitrust suits are brought each year in the US?
What is the significance of the people standing behind the speaker?
Is there any recent example (post 1990) of European high officials giving up special protection?
Max Weber and Confucianism
Tie in Presidential Elections
Which flag will North and South Korea march under at the Olympic games?
Defection to Another Party
When did Britain last veto or threaten to veto legislation in British Overseas Territories?
Are security staff of foreign ambassadors allowed to carry firearms in countries such as UK?
Did "socialism with a human face" actually exist in practice?
Gerrymandering Information
How do you calculate Cook PVI for uncontested elections?
Who can decide a major restructuring of debt in European Union?
How much did banks profit from quantitative easing over a scenario where the Federal Reserve would have simply brought Treasury bonds directly?
Why the huge Olympic games scandals with Russian doping?
What information do US voter registration rolls contain?
Does Democratic Federation of Northern Syria have any official foreign relations?
Why does the libertarian party earn so few seats?
Which nation is a direct democracy ? (At the national scale)
Why is Poland's proposed Holocaust speech law so controversial?
Why is the German GEZ a fee and not a tax?
Can the United States Federal Government alter the Criminal Justice System
Why does the President propose a budget?
What method can be used to estimate the likelihood of a civil war?
Does the US government fund the media?
Number of attending days for MP's
Where to draw a line between representative democracy and a direct democracy? [Focus on the *where*]
Why is an unrelated House-passed measure used to start the immigration debate in the Senate?
Is there any record of Keynesian Economics improving the economy?
What is the functional difference between temporary and permanent security clearance
Why do so many US States have a relaxed vehicle inspection policy?
What recourse does China have for responding to US tariffs?
Syria: Why Is There A Civil War There?
Can law be passed in the EU that the UK does not want?
Why can't London increase the Congestion Charge to the point where congestion is reduced to reasonable levels?
What are some arguments opposing the criminal justice system reform?
Can the imprisoned Egypt presidential candidate Ahmed Konsowa be on the ballot? What is the law applying to him?
International opinion on the fall of the USSR
Is there a country that leans far to the right
Political parties active in multiple countries
Was there a change about how US embassies should be constructed?
How would libertarianism deal with deceptive contracts?
How to run in the Republican primary against a Republican incumbent for US House?
What do paternity test restriction laws aim to achieve?
Libertarian perspective: America's gun laws and the Florida high school shooting
Is there a political term for a strong (democratic) state that has much influence in contrast to a weak one?
Political term for an attitude of a political party to not avoid uncomfortable subjects
Are there any societies/nations that use Torah laws?
Are there any Libertarian schools?
What far-right politicians has Hassan Iquioussen endorsed?
Is there a *political* schism between former Soviet Jews and other Jews in the US?
Why are US state legislatures (as opposed to the federal one) bicameral?
How can I access veto messages?
What's the difference between a state and a country?
Was there any public reaction inside Poland when Poles abroad were asked to report ‘Anti-Polish’ statements?
Why isn't Election Day a federal holiday in the US?
Are the U.S.A. and Russia in a conflict similar to the "Cold War" in 2018?
Did the US request that Russia extradite the 13 Russians charged by Mueller?
Is there a process to add people to Mt. Rushmore?
How does anarcho-communism avoid turning into anarcho-capitalism?
What is Costa Rica's extradition policy for EU citizens?
Is it ever better to vote against a candidate in a primary, rather than for one?
Nuclear Disarmament and assurence that countries will get rid of their weapons
Has David Davis accepted that we must have straight bananas?
Do any countries other than Iceland ban male circumcision?
Why are Justin Trudeau and Benjamin Netanyahu meeting with Bollywood actors?
British tax havens and the EU post Brexit
Polish Holocaust law: Is everybody talking about the wrong thing?
Possible alternative reasons for the high rate of gunfire victims in the United States
How to infer intentions of allies in a forthcoming war
CDU delegates will vote on German coalition proposal; SPD members have started voting; will there be a vote in the CSU too?
Are there countries besides Israel preferring organ donor card holders or is there any experience with this policy?
What do the EU courts say about the PKK?
How does NRA spending compare to other major US lobbies?
Difference between Deputy Prime Minister and Vice President
Can foreigners be members in German parties and fully participate in them?
What support does Jaspal Atwal have?
Calling the opponent insane- logical fallacy name?
When in modern history (since 1789) did "democracy" become important?
What can the opposition do if the government fails to follow its manifesto?
Brexit as result of concerns over Islam
Does the term "white privilege" apply to Eastern Europeans?
Power structure of French vs. German federalism
What is the purpose of releasing the Nunes memo and the Schiff "counter-memo"?
Is stopping and searching vessels in Asia-Pacific waters to enforce North-Korean sanctions consistent with the US Coast Guard's mandate?
In 2013 did an SPD delegate conference vote on a proposed "grand coalition" in Germany, and if so what proportions of delegates voted for and against?
Books for understanding the government of ancient Athens and the Roman Empire?
Did the current US administration express a position about national emergency state extension?
is partially publicizing international negotiation really bad behavior?
Book that encompasses the history of socialism?
Where can I find official reasoning for political stances?
Could the EU rewrite Article 50 in an attempt to make it more difficult for the UK to Brexit?
What is public credit?
What might Russia gain from a false-flag hack on the Olympics?
What is the name of the electoral system that I describe? (Derived from FPTP, but proportionally representative)
Pickpockets in St Peter's Square
Corruption, efficiency and economic success of the Chinese government
Can a living being claim themselves as a sovereign nation?
When was the Second Amendment last used to fight against the US government to protect people's freedom?
Why do politicians care so much about economic growth? Or: Why did the US need a tax reform?
What are US equities?
What are the arguments against meritocracy?
Why don't US presidential candidates get thrown into jail by their opponent during election?
How did Agus affect Ahok's election?
Has Trump or his administration published an analysis of a border wall vs. other methods of policing?
Why did Trump suddenly flip on the gun issue?
Can the EU suspend the voting rights for two countries at once?
What was George W. Bush's explanation at the time, for unilaterally withdrawing from the ABM treaty?
Are there economic benefits to federalism?
Why less educated people tend to vote Jokowi?
In the USA, who decides who can run for president, the states or the federal government?
Why is it impossible to leave the Single Market without a hard Irish border?
Rise of the Movimento Cinque Stelle ("Five Stars Movement")
Have tariffs/protectionism ever worked?
Election system where votes dictate the power of the representative
Does the US give full, unfettered access to the NCIC database to anyone other than Canada?
How to explain the difference between Federal, State and Local governments to a grade schooler?
Is there a feasible route by which UK housing can be made more affordable without devastating the housebuilding sector and its employees?
Why are separate bathrooms for men and women not in violation of the rejection of "separate but equal"?
Is income tax only happen in democratic country?
Declining trend in voter turnouts
Have any EU countries (or EU as whole) banned Russian Vodka?
Can "Anti-establishment" be considered a coherent political movement?
How can U.N. or other international bodies stop a naval/land based blockade which might cause humanitarian crisis?
Is Sir John Major correct in stating that individuals cannot be allowed to decide critical issues like Brexit?
Inauguration day
How has the United States reacted to the 2018 Italian general election?
How to find vote breakdown for EU Parliament voting a non-binding resolution to support the Commission’s tough stance towards Poland?
By what mechanisms can International border disputes be resolved?
Why is the British government so determined to arrest Julian Assange?
Who gets the funds raised by tariffs levied at the edges of the European Customs Union?
How do abstentions affect Majority Judgment voting?
What are the legal/political uses of the American Civil War as a precedent?
How do the voting preferences differ between people who do vote and those that don't?
What is required to trigger a vote in UK parliament and what makes it ‘binding’?
On what grounds can NATO remove a member state from the organisation?
Why does the EU limit its membership to countries in geographical Europe?
Has the UK prosecuted or attempted to prosecute individuals other than Assange for jumping bail?
Where can I find a list of GMO foods that are allowed to be grown or imported to Europe?
Why are there so many nations that have still not ratified the Istanbul Convention?
How to start and continue studying world's politics
Does stopping metal imports alone cover the trade deficit of the USA?
What gives the U.S. president the legal authority to raise tariffs?
Why is a big country less suitable for high-tax, high-welfare system?
In the Weimar Republic what was the role of the people sitting on the left side of the speaker?
Is there precedent for a foreign government official delivering a statement from the White House and can they do it in the WH briefing room?
Please check my maths with respect to UK EU funding
Resolving military conflicts between NATO member states
How large would be the impact of economic sanctions made by China and India on other nations?
How binding is the two degree temperature limit agreement really?
Has any Catholic been knighted in the UK in recent history?
Has the UK spent millions of pounds to track a fugitive other than Assange?
Is the UK EU membership bill paid in GBP or EUR?
Why hasn't legislation corrected the ambiguity of 'civil law'?
Why did the Dutch government put XTC/MDMA as a hard drug?
How is it decided which rights can be voluntarily waived?
Why China didn't annex Sikkim to incorporate it as a Chinese state?
Why aren't Western nations protesting South Africa's blatant discrimination against Caucasian farmers?
What are the current tariffs against American goods?
Why do developing nations keep far more bigger forex reserves than developed nations?
What measures can be taken, so that no political party takes undue advantage of rivalry of other 2 parties?
What will happen if U.S. stops funding U.N.?
Was any reason indicated for Marine Le Pen's choice about the party's new name?
What action could the UK actually take against Russia in light of the Salisbury attack?
Why is "president for life" in China such a big deal?
What percentage of Soviet immigrants to the US are Jews?
Why can the US government impose age restrictions on constitutional rights?
Why are states purportedly performing assassinations with chemical and radioactive weapons?
Did protests in front of a foreign embassy ever succeed in achieving their goal?
Do any parliamentary systems have term limits?
What would the Kremlin stand to gain from killing the ex-spy Sergey Skripal?
Which US Secretaries of State have been sacked?
What's the standard procedure for responding to an overt domestic tyranny event?
Why had U.S. politically pursued certain immigration policies for over a century?
If the Capitol weren't available, where would Congress hold votes?
How does the Australian Electoral Commission avoid partisan bias?
Can a nation just deny refugees to enter into their nation?
How does Prejudice Plus Power apply to third party minorities?
Are there any facts according to which the Russian government is responsible for the chemical attack in Great Britain?
What can a democratic government do that an autocrat cannot?
International rules on how to deal with chemical weapon attacks (OPCW , CWC)
Why is advertising for medication requiring prescription allowed?
Why do nations & international bodies not intervene using military force to stop genocides in nations where they don't have a geopolitical interest?
Will a "debt trap" be an effective measure to increase the geopolitical influence of a nation?
Why do house borrowers typically not get as much slack for the credit crisis?
Can non-US citizens join super-PACs or pay for attack ads in the US?
List of embassies closed in Damascus (Syria)
Why does the Senate have to approve a cabinet member's hiring, but not their firing?
How does the expelling of diplomats work to create pressure on the diplomats' home country?
What will happen if China stops loaning money to the U.S.?
Treasury sanctions against Russia - authorized? And how effective?
New Jersey budget plan
How can voter ID laws in U.S. hurt minorities from voting?
Why is the restriction on the freedom of voters in the U.S. to choose the same President more than twice considered "democratic"?
Can Trump just stall Mueller's investigation by replacing Sessions?
What are the most important fundamental problems with World Federalism?
What effect did Russia have on Trump winning the Republican primaries?
Why didn't the UK release its results about Novichok when Russia asked for it?
Why did Slovak PM use a pile of cash when he announced the reward for catching Jan Kuciak's murder(s)?
Do sanctions have any expiry dates?
How far into space does sovereign territory extend?
Can the UK afford to extend sanctions to financial ones as a response to latest ex-spy's murder?
Is the CDC Director really below the former Ambassadors to Palau?
Who decides the killing method used during capital punishment in the US?
Consequences of the Federal Republic of Germany being declared illegal?
How much control does president have over FBI ? [US]
Skripal vs. Castro poisonings, international law
Why are the topmost position in federal agencies in US run by politically elected people rather than a merit based election?
Were balloons banned by the Taliban?
What is the difference between the National Front, Britain First and BNP?
Is lying during a congressional hearing a crime?
What is meant by "term" for presidency in US?
Why is EU so prolific with its regulations?
Why list religion on an ID card?
What rules prevent former POTUS from divulging *or using* secret information later on?
What can an independent election observer in Russia do if they notice irregularities?
Merger of two or more political parties in U.S
Is it possible to call an Early Election in the US?
Why isn't congress helping in upgrading Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs)?
Can the US president pardon a non-US citizen?
What international or domestic legal consequences could Russia face, if it is proven that Skripal was poisoned by Russian operatives?
Why does the US require non-resident citizens to file taxes even for non-US income?
Why did Vladimir Putin’s approval rating increase substantially after the annexation of Crimea?
Does China diplomatically isolate and militarily threaten Taiwan?
Trump administration and the war in Yemen
How does a nation declare a no-fly zone?
On what basis U.N. inducts new member states?
Which EU countries prohibit electoral riggers for holding leadership positions (political and/or within public administration)?
Why does the US president have the authority to launch a nuclear weapon when he doesn't have authority to declare war?
Why is the Cambridge Analytica story such a big deal in the US?
Italian election definitive results?
Why do some human rights organizations oppose elections?
Is there any data on the % of Americans that have purchased a gun at some point in their lives?
What data did Cambridge Analytica obtain from Facebook?
Is a Dutch referendum valid if the no-vote exceeds the yes-vote, but does not exceed 50%?
Is it something usual for a government to issue official letters that are slightly different when written in different languages?
Can the crown veto constitutional Amendments in Canada?
Will stopping humanitarian aid and food by embargo to a captured territory be illegal?
Why was Grand Staircase-Escalante never upgraded from a Monument to a Park?
Why is there so little support for the Minority SafePack in Western European countries, despite them supposedly being pro-multiculturalism?
Why is the US military enlistment age (and previously the draft age) set at 18 years old?
How can I get more involved in politics?
Do high-level US government officials who are fired receive any compensation?
How do these deals with rogue states and the like happen?
Countries with nondemanding military?
Why is Nicolas Sarkozy charged with corruption over suspected Kadhafi financing after five years?
Are checks for heavy metals, asbestos and such mandatory when certifying for "EU Organic?"
How is the dispute of EEZ of nations resolved?
Do aboriginal Australians value the acknowledgement of country speeches
Whose permission is required to operate commercial operations in international waters?
Why does taxation of big tech companies seem so problematic?
What might "behavioral microtargeting with psychographic messaging" mean, in the context of political action committee research?
Why is US government taking any steps to punish the Russian officials involved in the death of Sergei Magnitsky?
Why wouldn't EU recommend Baltic states and Ukraine to give Russian language the official status?
Would Trump's steel and aluminum tariffs violate NAFTA?
Does Congress formally offer training to inexperienced legislators?
Is there a reason that might prevent Carles Puigdemont's extradition to Spain?
Why do race and religion matter in voting?
How many US states legislatures would currently support an amendment restricting the ownership of guns?
What is the meaning of $1.05 as seen at March For Our Lives?
Have congressional hearings any effect concerning military scandals?
What could the UK stand to gain from the attempted assassination of ex-spy Skripal?
Is anything preventing non-US citizens from illegally registering to vote in non-Voter-ID states?
Number of Russian Diplomats throughout USA
As a private citizen working with people with disabilities, how can I request a hearing for HR1120?
What exactly happens when a person registers to vote?
Why do few/no countries claim capitalism as their ideology?
Does the US have a central database listing every US citizen?
Has any policy countered the regressiveness of property protection?
Why was President Trump heavily criticized for congratulating Putin on winning the election?
What could be done to US states that openly allow non-citizens to vote?
Difference between personal property and private property in left-libertarianism
Can the USA government expel foreign diplomats working for the UN?
What did Kim Jong-un travel to Beijing for?
Has any US state ever conducted a wide scale verification of registered voters to check the percentage of non-US citizens on the electoral rolls?
Are the 21 countries expelling Russian diplomats only for solidarity?
Do left wing organisations fight against disenfranchisement in countries/states where disenfranchised voters typically vote for right wing parties?
In China, can competent government officials get rich legitimately?
Are Jews fleeing France able to flee to any countries other than Israel?
The Donald Trump Sex Tape Significance
How would USA handle the kidnapping of its president?
In a California election, can you obtain the ballot of your choice on your own?
Is the UN headquarters (or any UN building) under umbrella of Article 22 of Vienna Convention?
What communications of Julian Assange made Ecuador cut off his Internet access?
Does Persona-non-Grata apply to embassies' physical premises?
Why is Hawaii's unemployment rate so low when they have such little economic freedom?
If medication prices in the US are higher than in other countries, why not import from there?
Why can't Erdogan's dictatorship be defined as benevolent?
Why is there no secular/liberal/libertarian parties in Indonesia?
Why do people have strong opinions on issues they know they are ignorant of?
Does Constitutional Court deciding upon a law related to its members break the "checks and balances" principle?
What are the practical consequences if a Persona Non Grata permanently stays at the Embassy?
Is there any political party in Indonesia that wants to repeal blasphemy laws?
Can Macron legally reform Islam in France?
Is there a US national plan for increasing renewable energy sources?
Does separation of church and state in the US apply in public schools?
Is Cuba financially supported by Russia?
What Bill Number is used if > 200 Government Bills are introduced in a session?
Why has Israel not expelled Russian diplomats in response to the Skripal poisoning?
Has the Labour party always had this level of problems with anti-semitism?
In US campaign fundraising email, are the "matches" used to encourage giving actually real?
Has NATO already terminated Art. 5 invoked for 9/11?
Why didn't the PPP government of pakistan face any problem from the military?
Why has Macron offered to mediate between the Turkish government and YPG force of Syria?
Have any Western governments officially conceded that becoming involved in the Arab Spring was a mistake?
Why don't the US and Mexico build an economic free trade zone on both sides of the border?
Why does the President appoint the heads of the Federal Reserve Banks?
Are there any polls on how the Civil Service feels about Brexit?
Why are there so many exceptions to marital rape law in the US?
Why does Erdogan hate Bashar Al Assad?
What percentage of Indonesians want Secularism?
In Mixed-Member Proportional representation system what percentage of people vote for different party than MP's party?
Why is there so much focus on producing less CO₂ rather than investing in technology to recycle it?
How many troops would it take to guard the US/Mexico border?
What are the similarities and differences between Ahok and Jokowi' Base?
Is voting a form of rent seeking?
At what point does lobbying, rent seeking, and bribing coincide and differ?
Why doesn't the U.S. want to extradite Fethullah Gülen to Turkey?
Why is the UK against joint inquiry into the poisoning of Sergey Skripal? Is it a deadlock?
Tax Havens and actions against them
Is there a correlation between libertarianism and IQ?
Is there any convention on who is responsible for "former" intelligence agents?
Why has India lost its influence on Maldives?
Does the DEA have authority to prohibit any substance?
Why does Turkey need so many varieties of missile defense systems?
How are states supposed to protect themselves when the National Guard is under the federal government?
Is there a correlation between nationalism/conservatism and lack of judicial independence/rule of law?
Trump and the US Media Overton Window
Special autonomous Regions
Have the Chinese Been Behind Any Terrorist Attack in the United States?
Has a state ever apologized and reversed its decision of expelling diplomats of a foreign country?
Why didn't the Consumer Privacy Bill of Rights pass congress?
What's the difference between Neorealism and Neoliberalism?
Why weren't any sanctions imposed on India for not signing the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons?
What is the procedure behind granting embassy asylum?
What is the role of the British Monarch in the Commonwealth Realms?
Micro-nations and their significance
Unclaimed pieces of land
Are there any variants of capitalism that treat states themselves like some form of corporation?
Does the increased localization of government control provide a solution to the stalemate caused by two party politics?
Is it normal for the German government to only release a partial name?
In what ways are modern society and government confounded?
How can someone avoid being labeled as an extremist when criticizing often discriminated political entities?
Why doesn’t the IRS just send me a bill for the taxes I owe based on the info they already have?
Why is the US Congress getting involved in the privacy issues at Facebook?
Did the Obama Administration have an official National Security Strategy?
Why can't the U.S. stop drug production in Afghanistan?
Why is it so easy for people who lived in the KSA to get US visa?
Why don't anti-EU politicians campaign for the EU parliament in order to change the EU from within?
When senators thank the chairman, what are they thanking him for?
Does Russia's veto at the UN Security Council end any role for the United Nations in investigating the alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria?
Do Persian Gulf countries buy weapons only to influence the seller?
Attorney client privilege in the Trump and Clinton investigations
What enabled the Chinese Provence of Shenzhen to grow to 12 million over 30-40 years
What would have been the aim of Theresa May refusing to join the strike on Syria?
Do state senators and representatives have offices in Washington DC or in the state capitol?
Treating gun control like types of driver licenses, i.e. Class A, B, C, D, M, and V
Is there a difference between how Cambridge Analytica and the Obama Campaign got Facebook users' data?
Why the USA wants to risk a conflict with Russia by preparing military interventions in Syria
What ethical (if any) or economical arguments are offered in defense of the inheritance tax?
Is Fox News correct that Mueller shouldn't be going after a campaign finance violation?
Why are the most densely populated areas generally underserved by government services?
Why would Assad use chemical weapons in the civil war as of 2018?
Can a Congress member allow a non-member to ask questions / argue during a testimony before the Congress?
What did the 2012 Obama campaign election app ask of its users vs. what did it actually do?
How close is the EU to achieving a fully unified market?
Does any country apply corporate tax based on where money is earned, rather than where the corporation is based?
When was the last time the US was presented with a military ultimatum?
Is it illegal for foreigners to pay US citizens to engage in political activities in the US?
Why does EU Commission seem to allow quite different Russia gas prices for EU members?
Will Trump's pardons remain valid if he is impeached?
Why do US House constituencies have numbers instead of names?
Are there examples of military forces that aren't rigidly authoritarian?
Why is, in some countries, some political stance underrepresented in parliament?
Why doesn't Israel want an independent investigation of Gaza 2018 border events?
What rationales were given for prohibiting Holocaust denial?
Why is Medicare/Medicaid prohibited from bargaining for price in US?
Why is Saudi Arabia pressing the USA for nuclear tech?
What does the Assad regime gain from the use of "chemical weapons" on Syrian civilians?
How can a political campaign obtain my personal data?
How easy is it for a citizen of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus to get a Republic of Cyprus (and therefore EU) passport?
Have Facebook or Zuckerberg ever suggested that people should seek alternatives to Facebook in seeking/ verifying news?
Is Russia devaluing their currency?
Confused about Emancipation Day and Tax Day
Are there any media channels (TV, radio, online newspaper) that encourage Neutral Point of View usage?
How do elections for multi-member wards work in England?
Did someone in the FBI pressure Comey into releasing Hillary news just before the election?
Why isn't the US a signatory of the Nagoya Protocol?
The Hard Problem of Diplomacy: Why delegate it to Diplomats at all?
Why does Indonesian identity card religion include only 6 religions?
What are the reasons behind China lifting foreign ownership limits on automakers?
Is Turkey as relevant to NATO as it was during the cold war?
What has been Russia's response to the US strikes on Syria?
How can a Senator be removed from office during a term for medical reasons?
Donald Trump's wealth after becoming president
Why is US rail passenger transportation less important than in other countries?
Does GDPR cover gender reassignment?
Can a Member of Congress be "Impeached"?
Does legal abortion reduce the costs of welfare and violent crime?
What roles does a state-level Secretary of State perform?
Is there any specific governing body responsible for altering the stated platform for a political party in the United States?
What are pharmaceutical companies lobbying for exactly?
Are European countries' politics less democratic than in the US?
How are GDPR fines actually enforced for US companies with no physical presence in the EU?
What is the total estimated cost of complying with GDPR?
Have any countries announced that they would refuse to enforce GDPR regulations?
Is there a precedent for a country attacking another and later admitting their casus belli was false?
What are the differences between the Single Market and the Customs Union?
Why would the government force its population to save for retirement?
Could the Speaker of the House become president if he wasn't born in the USA?
What's the deal with the Independent Democratic Conference?
What type of corruption did Trump campaign against?
Chaos theory in politics
How will Trump’s tariffs affect North Korea?
Why is there a significant difference between religious makeup of the legislative body and that of adult population in US?
What civic rights do green-card holders have?
How does turnover in the Trump administration compare to previous administrations?
Could Assange be arrested if the Ecuadorian embassy is evacuated?
What is the Indian government doing to combat rape?
What was the motivation for South Africa to develop its defense sector?
Can confirmations be revoked?
Can the government take the President's personal phone?
What happens if a member of the UN Security Council ignores a resolution?
Should private citizens be legally allowed to sell their citizenship to a prospective buyer?
Is there a list of persons affected by Proclamation 7750?
Why didn't Pakistan face any sanction from the USA for sheltering Osama Bin Laden?
Why couldn't India take any action on Pakistan for alleged perpetration of several terrorist attacks?
What is the difference between a separatist and a rebel?
What powers does an individual member of the House of Representatives have?
What are the main reasons for capping interest rates in Spain?
How much influence has Donald Trump had on current efforts to improve relations with North Korea?
Why would the US want a peace treaty in the Korean peninsula?
Are calls for book burnings usually made directly or indirectly?
What effect will the Saudi modernization initiative have on foreign workers?
Why did North Korea not broadcast internally an historical event such as Kim-Moon meeting?
Why does EU seem to disfavor e-books when compared to physical books?
What is the benefit for China if it allows foreigners to fully own car companies?
Do the duties of the Secret Service extend to investigating allegations against a White House Medical team member?
What did Fidel Castro mean by "A revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters."?
Do the UN Security Council's policies include any way to pass a resolution when one member vetos?
Who (and why) redacts congressional reports and under what authority?
How would a trial occur if two political bodies investigate the same crime?
How does one official know that a foreign country representative is the proper person to discuss some matters?
Notable examples of politics hurting the apolitical
What would be the social and political consequences if a major country decided to prohibit driverless cars?
Can members of the US Congress lie during debate without penalty?
What process is in place to prevent illegal voting in California?
What happens if it is proved that "vote leave" campaign broke campaigning laws?
Is it customary for European Union to debate multiannual budget before agreeing on the grand strategy for the next 10 years?
Clear factors differentiating an an offensive from a minimum deterrent nuclear capability
Essential elements of a modern national constitution
Why is donation related taxation significantly smaller than inheritance taxation?
Can anyone explain why part of this Classification Designation is redacted?
Can the President of the United States be impeached for crimes committed in an effort to gain the presidency?
Which pairs of countries are currently in a state of war?
International acceptance of separatist movements
Are there written rules regarding redactions in Congressional documents?
Is there a generalized theory on why nation states become democracies or autocracies?
Can a sitting president of a country be arrested while traveling?
Why did Germany and Sweden decide to accept Syrian refugees?
Can an incoming President take power slightly earlier or later to avoid conflict with a Sabbath?
How did Erdogan take control of Turkish Military?
Why does the BBC claim that there is 'no clear winner' in England's local elections?
What exactly is the difference between theory and metatheory?
Can tiny territories expect to survive upon independence?
Is development faster in other kinds of rules compared to democracy?
Is Israel a liberal democracy?
Is there any provision for Non-Disclosure for Congressmen demanding temporary documents of an ongoing investigation?
How to make a political figure to not giving speech about his political vision in an event?
Is there a difference between Micheal Flynn's actions and John Kerry's actions, with regards to legality?
In U.S. local politics, what is the relationship between a campaign and a party?
Why Are Some American Leaders Changing Tune On China?
What type of agreement is the Iran Nuclear Deal considered to be by non-US countries and how does that affect the agreement as a whole?
Why did the USA want to pull out of the nuclear deal with Iran?
What makes countries dependent on US-supplied defense equipment?
Why doesn't the US just take over impovered parts of North America?
Half-chamber elections
US sanctions and foreign companies after the Iran deal
Legality of attacking an occupier by third-party forces within partially-occupied state
Does the International law forbid countries to recognize the sovereignty of any political formation that is not recognized by all the members of UN?
Does Congress not have to approve the US withdrawal from the Iran deal?
How much of an effect does US withdrawal from the Iran deal actually have?
Have governments successfully managed controversial speech?
Why was Muhammad Ali Jinnah once called "Kafir e Azam"?
Where do local political parties in the United States get their revenues?
How did the United States ''enhanced'' interrogations (waterboarding) not violate Geneva Convention?
Who negotiated the release of the prisoners out of North Korea?
Why did Egypt start the blockade of the Gaza Strip?
What happens when someone from the DoJ is held in contempt of congress?
What does the Pakistan election mean for the US?
What prevents third parties from bypassing an economic sanction?
What evidence is there that North Korea's leaders have always wanted to meet a US President?
Which countries are allies of Israel? Which countries are enemies of Israel?
How exactly does Donald Trump's administration benefit Russia in 2017-2018?
Tax change estimates in government documents [US]
What did Israel offer Russia for cancelling the S-300 delivery to Syria
Can the Iran deal still be salvaged by other western nations without the US?
Can Arab countries help Palestine to be free in the Palestine-Israel conflict?
How do I hire a campaign manager?
Is there any justification for inequal distribution of wealth? Why is it right?
What are the arguments for and against Statutes of Limitations?
Why is globalisation so disdained?
Why did Russia ban Telegram but not WhatsApp, given the latter uses end-to-end encryption by default?
Why was the Kerch strait bridge built along a long route?
What are the consequences of Trump lying on a financial disclosure form?
Why does Orbán concentrate so much in fighting some NGOs?
What effect will Euro purchases of Iranian crude by Europe have on US foreign policy?
Who has the right to form the government in Karnataka after the election results?
What's the issue with Israeli Finance Ministry using the term "netto"?
What influence does India have on Bangladesh?
Why doesn't Bhutan have diplomatic relations with most countries in the world?
Is there any division of opinion in Turkey regarding Mustafa Kemal Atatürk's role?
Off-duty policewoman shoots armed robber
What was the affiliation of the protesters killed in the Gaza protests?
Minority Democrat report from Senate Judiciary Committee says Russia funded the Trump campaign via the NRA; what does this mean for the NRA?
What is the proper (non-"Gerrymandering") purpose of political districting?
Can an EU member officially give up pursuing Euro/Eurozone?
As of 2018, why did Putin get involved in Syria?
Why was Schengen a problem in distributing refugees based on quotas?
Why does Belarus not seem to have ratified any protocol from European Convention on Human Rights?
What would be needed for the US congress to start a new 9/11 investigation?
Why is China investing in Pakistan, considering the security considerations and corruption?
Turnout in U.S. midterms
What was the lowest recorded turnout in a major democratic election?
Why does the U.S. oppose the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project?
Why is the EU eager to stick to the Iran nuclear deal?
Why hasn't Canada signed the Apostille Convention?
Why do countries antagonistic to the USA keep US$ as their reserve currency?
Could Nayirah be prosecuted by the USA government?
Are US politicians allowed to give money to voters?
Can Texas really split itself into five states?
What was Eisenhower's warning about?
What parts of UK local election campaign literature sway votes?
Has any relevant American politician ever publicly admitted that the Gulf of Tonkin incident was a lie?
Why does having a soda tax seem so hard to achieve in the US?
What are the obligations/duties of "a Democrat" vs an independent? (US House/Senate)
Have some of Russian troops withdrawn from Syria since Putin's announcement in december 2017?
Do countries other than the US operate "intranets" like the SIPRnet or JWICS?
Has any Iranian leader accused the USA or Israel of orchestrating the 9/11 attacks after 2017?
Why did four EU countries break the EU consensus over the US embassy in Jerusalem?
In parliamentary systems, why does the ruling party bother debating any legislation if they have enough votes to pass whatever they please?
Is the American government threatening Iran with war?
What are the powers of mayors in the US?
Is basic information of contracts between political parties and private companies public information?
Why do dictators ban their people from traveling?
Did North Korea say "we will meet you on the nuclear battlefield", causing Trump to cancel June 12 summit?
Why annul instead of divorce?
Is there anything Democratic about the DPRK?
Why did a UK judge place a reporting ban on Tommy Robinson's arrest?
What are the arguments to say that there is a non-democratic government in Venezuela?
How did Poland and Hungary manage to take over (nationalize) mandatory private pensions without breaking private property right?
Why do moderate parties and their leaders fail?
Why does North Korea frequently send teams to the Olympics?
Is there an Indian equivalent to State of the Union speech?
What is the constitutionality of having official Christian chaplains in the House and Senate?
What are presidential candidate Iván Duque's main points about the peace deal signed with FARC in Colombia?
Line of Succession : Prior to VP Approval
If Jim, a random citizen, owes TD Bank $300,000 for his house mortgage, is this added to the U.S. national debt?
How much do US presidential campaigns spend per vote gained?
What is the justification of imposing higher minimum salary for foreign workers than for the local ones?
Who is in favor of mandatory minimum sentences and why?
Does the new Danish education law conflict with the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights?
Can the prime minister resign during a no-confidence vote?
USA Politicians to shut down the Federal Reserve
What put Valerie Jarrett in the news before Roseanne's tweet?
Why isn't approval voting used more often in elections?
Is a tariff on software (or "information") possible?
Age-weighted democracy - is it possible?
Is it normal for House session videos to error, and are there alternative websites that host them?
Did Obama enable the US gov't to spend close to 20,000 dollars per month on every illegal immigrant's child?
Conferences about political meritocracy?
Letter from North Korea
Would a deontological-consequentialist 3rd axis on the Political Compass be informative?
Making learning from success and failures in other countries a goal for politics?
Can I vote for candidates from a different district in the New Jersey democrat primaries?
Why haven't the 3 Canadian territories become provinces?
How true is it that people vote for parties/people that benefit their stances most? Then does majority rule offer "best outcomes"?
Does the phrase "Bake the cake, bigot!" have a specific origin?
Why is Stability and Growth Pact still maintained?
Is the Brexit implementation period predicated on a deal with the EU?
What specifically is the difference between Socialism and Fascism?
What is the difference between the British concept of a county and the American concept of a county? (If any)
What is the logic behind forbidding LGBT conversion therapies?
Why aren't Americans simply called "Americans"?
What political actions (if any) in the US caused this stock market stagnation?
Why are some MPs referred to as "Mr"/"Mrs"/"Ms"
How would Donald Trump benefit from a commuted sentence for Rod Blagojevich?
Did George W. Bush have a business relationship with the Bin Laden family?
What does ECJ ruling about residency rights of gay spouses actually mean for the EU countries that do not recognize same-sex marriage?
Where will EU money go?
Can a large number of federal judges be confirmed at once in the US Senate?
Why is North Korea so active in Intellectual Property-related conventions?
Searching for an explanation of the following Trump tweet about phone taps
Why are sugar subsidies so prevalent in spite of their apparent issues?
Why do some countries like Israel, Russia, and India use German brands as state cars?
Political distinction between Surveillance and Wiretapping?
What is the fundamental difference between post WW2 German and post Cold War Chinese model of industrialization?
Is there any incentive for China to sign a bilateral protection pact with Pakistan?
Are Romania's ruling coalition's gripes with the anti-corruption administration valid?
Does the US President have the ability to blanket prohibit trade with entire countries?
What is Canada's case for applying tariffs on US dairy?
Why was Singapore chosen to host the summit between Donald Trump and Kim Jong-Un?
What is Russian Federation policy for information declassification related to historical events within neighboring countries?
Will the repeal of Net Neutrality block me from accessing any websites?
Is it possible that the US raises fees for using US based internet services – like Stack Exchange or Google – for people not living in the US?
How close is North Korea to a viable nuclear deterrent?
Can North Korea open source its atomic bomb and missile technology?
What is the minimum age before your political views are considered well thought out and educated?
Do United Nations Security Council Resolutions emphasized phrases have a standard meaning?
What reasons do pro-trade politicians use to justify retaliatory tariffs?
Why is it assumed that Italy should have taken the migrants from the Aquarius?
Do any European politicians advocate shutting down American bases in Europe?
Is there anything in EU law to prevent this invasion scenario?
Who is "Destiny Pictures", and has there been anything similar to this video before?
Do any European politicians advocate for creating an European Army and leaving NATO?
What is the UK government hoping to gain by the continued prevarication on brexit negotiations?
What does it mean to ask for a parliament to sit in private?
Has the Kim dynasty had significant control over the starvation of their people?
Why do Indian reservations still exist in North America?
Is there a recent example of a constitutional court decision limiting presidential powers within Europe?
Does UK State funding for opposition parties move if MPs/Lords switch parties?
Why do the Europeans and US consider Hezbollah Terrorists?
What are the claimed benefits of splitting California into 3 states?
Were there any impact estimations performed before making tariffs changes?
Is there continued movement towards unification of electric power wall socket/plug standards?
Why can a bill be blocked by one MP saying the word "object"?
What happens to existing state laws if a state splits (United States)
Is using religious texts to justify political decisions a violation of the separation of church and state?
What's fundamentally considered "fair" or "healthy" when it comes to a trading relationship between two countries?
Could Duterte run for US president? Is he a U.S. citizen?
To what degree were families separated in the US - Mexico border before Trump?
What is the name of the Feminist Zionist Atheist woman who was interviewed on BBC on June 15th 2018?
Vote strategy: Is best looking candidate first better than chance?
Can the Trump adminstration undo the Flores consent decree?
Brexit deal 'Meaningful vote' battle between House of Lords and House of Commons
What is the rationale for hosting CIA secret jails by Romania and Lithuania?
What prevents states and counties in the US from combining drivers license and registration data?
What proof of parent/child relationship is required at southern border ports of entry?
Why did UK have lax checks on the source of the money coming into the country?
Is the Flores Consent Decree binding nationally and currently?
Why would a country fight money laundering by nationals of non-allied countries?
Why did the Trump administration separate families rather than deporting them together?
Which states do not recognize or have not designated a special day of observance for Juneteenth Independence Day?
Do either the Feinstein bill or the Cruz bill repeal Trump's zero tolerance policy on immigration?
Are African-Americans under-represented in the teaching profession?
Why will Canada prevent selling marijuana "in the same location as alcohol or tobacco"?
Trump's pre-election claims. How many are in progress?
Why was Congress able to create an Air Force without a constitutional amendment?
How would a privatized society deal with disputes over flows of air and water?
Defining fascism in the background of communism
To what extent does the Governor of a US State have official interactions with Senate and House members from that state?
Why did May's administration force unwell MPs to attend a Brexit debate?
What is the Brexit dividend?
Why didn't Western countries boycott the 2018 World Cup?
How could people access the database of new laws and upcoming bills before the government started posting them on the internet?
Can a Western democracy prevent private groups from using the country’s name/purporting to represent that country e.g. at the World Cup?
Has DHS or CBP commented on stopping criminal referrals of illegal entries by families?
Why do EU countries never use language tests to help select/educate refugees?
Politicians to remove sexism in registration for potential conscription in the USA?
How much aluminum and steel (in USD) does the US import from the EU?
Has the Hastert rule always been a thing in US Congress?
Why are Democrats and mainstream media more tolerant about undocumented migrants?
What would Norway have lost if they had joined the EU?
Demographic with greatest difficulty in maintaining current US Voter ID?
What was the premise behind the Bush/Obama administration's "we don't negotiate with terrorists" sentiment?
When would a successful US Presidential impeachment go into effect?
Non-subjective definition of "terrorist", or widely used equivalent term?
Which USA Politicians want to shut down the CIA?
Has the UK government stated how Heathrow expansion will be financed?
Why do some politicians share relatively private information from their family lives?
Did Erdoǧan cheat in the 2018 election?
Is the Heathrow expansion decision conditional upon private parties finding financing?
How much of Donald Trump's wall has been built since he came into office?
What laws and regulations were violated by John Oliver's critique of Chinese President Xi Jinping?
How did Russia retain the UNSC veto power of the Soviet Union?
Why did the Tunceli province, in the center of Turkey, vote so much against Erdoğan in the presidential elections?
Why is the Heathrow expansion so costly?
Is there evidence that the Democratic Party defends illegal immigration?
Is there a date (before 29 Mar 2019) when a hard Brexit is inevitable?
As of June 26, 2018 is the United States at war?
Is there an explanation for Erdogan winning the elections despite of polls and economic decline?
Has the OPCW submitted its report relevant to the alleged April 7, 2018 chemical weapon attack in Douma to the organisation's member states?
Why didn't Ireland and the UK unify their visa regimes?
Why US wants India and other countries to stop oil imports from Iran?
Why doesn't the Chinese foreign minister speak English?
Who is the oldest known political protester?
Policy on disclosing "closed door" testimony before a House Committee
Why would some jurisdictions allow international visitors to apply for tax refunds?
Can a vice president's vote be considered to create the presence of a quorum
Occurrences when a supreme court nominee (or potential nominee) was rejected by election timing
Is it known who replaces whom on SCOTUS if there are two vacancies?
After the nuclear option is invoked, are 51 votes required to move to cloture or just a majority provided quorum is met?
How often do Supreme Court decisions hinge upon the split between progressive and conservative judges?
Why world leaders these days still meet each other face to face?
Junior Justice's Tenure on the US Supreme Court
What are the potential negative outcomes of US strategy against Iran?
Why is this reply by Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein funny?
Why MEPs on the plenary session vote by show of hand and not electronically?
Why are (public) political polls typically allowed even very close to the elections despite of their apparent disruptive effect on voters perception?
Is the "Our opponents hate America" meme new?
Which British parliamentary Act sets out the citizenship requirements for those who stand for election to the House of Commons?
Do Canadian Charter Rights protect customers against discrimination on political grounds?
Restrictions on reform to the common agricultural policy by the UK post-Brexit
Understanding gerrymandering in the Maryland example?
Can IMF encourage countries to Democracy in exchange of loans?
Has ICE suspended criminal referrals of illegal entries by families?
Why does the EU not seem to pursue technological independence?
Have any studies examined differences in cities led by Dem vs Rep?
Why are alcohol beverages generally exempted from displaying nutritional facts/ingredient list within EU?
Why doesn't Theresa May sack hard-Brexiteers from cabinet?
Is there any secondary review of Asylum seeking cases in immigration courts?
Has the White House explained why President Trump connected the NSA data deletion to the Russia investigation?
Does the right to self-determination trump the requirement to accept refugees in international law?
Should mentally retarded people be allowed to vote in a Democratic system?
What was the highest recorded turnout in a major democratic election?
Why do one party states hold elections?
How does a British Prime Minister 'sack' Ministers?
Why is the European Parliament still pursuing copyright law despite its implementation issues?
Who coined the term "precariat"?
Hostile answers during US Supreme Court Senate confirmation hearings
Any survey-based analyses of "why you voted that way" for the 2017 UK election results?
Why is President Trump ending affirmative action in college admissions so controversial?
If I were to lose an election for federal office, what can I do with my leftover campaign money?
US Citizenship Revocation/Denaturalization - How does this compare with other countries?
Physical presence in the US for asylum seekers?
Did İyi Parti-Demokrat Parti enter parliament despite having less than 10% of the vote? How?
How do you explain the change in population ratio of Germany vs. Switzerland since 1945?
Is the "pairing" procedure used in the US Congress?
Why do people call for office holders to resign? What consequences does that bring?
How does the EU allocate food quotas to individual countries/producers?
If Vote Leave overspent does that make the referendum invalid?
Has there been a non-trivial, stable, and functional anarchy?
Negative impact of the Ottawa treaty / Convention for Cluster Munitions for the modern army?
Are Scott Pruitt's problems over after his resignation?
Are counter-tariffs to the Trump tariffs going through the WTO?
By whom and how was Eritrea sanctioned for having a citizenship-based taxation?
When did "equity" become important in political philosophy?
Which OECD rule(s) do citizenship-based taxations contradict?
How can French politicians prevent the US from collecting taxes from expats?
Why do the US and Canada accept asylum seekers on their soil rather than funding refugee camps abroad?
What happens if administration doesn't meet the deadline to reunify families?
Pakistan's diplomatic relations with Israel
Where does decision by a simple majority of a congressional quorum derive from?
Is there a precedent of an European Party from European Parliament excluding a member party in the last 20 years?
Why does the UK Labour Party support Brexit?
What did the hard-line Brexiters (who quit May's government) want?
How can the Judicial Branch enforce its orders?
Who are the homeless
Why does the British PM meet the Queen every week?
What do the Brexiters want when they talk about striking new trade deals
UK Chequers Statement and Trade Deals
Is there any European that apologized to people in jail for a certain law?
UK Chequers and Facilitated Customs Arrangement
Why does the US allow other countries to lobby its government?
Boris Johnson's derogatory comments about British business?
Were the British always among the most skeptical about free movement of people in the EU?
Why wasn't Elena Kagan's lack of *judicial* experience an issue?
Who negotiates tribal compacts in the United States?
Is India moving towards capitalism?
Which position in Russia is more powerful in the field of economy?
Why was Alexei Kudrin nominated by Putin as the Chairman of Accounts Chamber?
Why didn't Barack Obama try to force the Senate to hold hearings on SCOTUS nominee Merrick Garland?
Is there a mechanism that allow journalists to access politicians movement information in Costa Rica?
By what measures can the political power of an organization be estimated?
Abstaining from Senate vote on Supreme Court nominee
Is there any difference between black supremacism and white supremacism
Was there any US political campaign that included Gini index improvement?
The reason behind the contradictory behavior of US political parties toward Islamic Republic of Iran
How can Telcos operate in a warzone? (e.g. Syria)
What would it take for the Senate to auto-consent to an appointment?
Where can I find which MEP voted for which laws?
Statistics on how many politicians in each country are related?
Why are US passport cards not valid for international flights?
What purpose does economic inequality (inequality in wealth) serve?
Do political ties in any way disqualify a supreme court nominee?
What formalities expected when a state-level and federal-level government employee interact?
Macron's "lead climbers" (vs. trickle down)
Do terrorists have political agendas?
Did Marx or some other marxist say something like war benefits the rich at the expense of the poor?
How to avoid the "race to the bottom"?
Why don't people who are upset about economic inequality donate to the poor?
Did any group in Russia oppose Crimean annexation?
Could countries rejoin a new Soviet Union?
Any problems with zero corporate income tax?
Can translators be subpoenaed?
Is there a correlation between high rents and high levels of *legal* immigrants?
Did any group in Turkey oppose Cyprus invasion?
When can a UK referendum result be officially declared "invalid"?
Why is there no process in the United States to remove and re-elect the President?
Was any official explanation provided for Trump defending Russia over FBI?
Has Trump's position on the existence of Russian meddling been consistent (in the past few months)?
Do parliamentarians of the European Union usually have the same political views as their colleagues in national parliaments?
Given Putin's widespread support, why cheat in elections?
What is Turkey's purge all about?
Does the opposition figure with the highest chance to challenge Putin always end up disqualified?
Are there some detailed accounts of how the post-2015 Turkish purges happen?
Did the Trump administration condemn or express worry about the Turkish purges?
Has Trump ever criticized the human-rights record of any country after he became president?
Would anything stop a technology company from shutting down in protest of government regulations?
Were Nancy Pelosi's claims ever called treasonous?
Why is it important for the USA to establish good relations with Russia/Putin?
Is there any instance of AI / machine learning provided voting rights for political/administrative decisions?
Did Vladimir Putin state that Trump is a puppet?
The EU and Japan recently concluded a Free Trade Agreement - will the EU and Japan share a common rulebook on goods, including agrifood?
What is the argument for committing to ongoing regulatory alignment for goods between the UK and EU?
In the UK, what is pairing?
What level of control does Serbia maintain over Kosovo, if any?
How common is pairing?
What are different ways of allocating investigative power?
How is Russia planning to question former US ambassador McFaul?
What treaties or (written) agreements would a hard border in Ireland breach, post-Brexit?
EU/ECJ precedents for failing to enforce border?
Donald Trump on the Irish border?
Why is exorcism still allowed (legal) in highly developed countries?
What was the gender and racial breakdown of voting on the Israeli Statehood bill?
Why allow convicted criminals to vote?
How can a president stamp out corruption?
Where can I find a scatter plot of welfare spending vs. immigrant rate?
Available data on persons charged with human trafficking on the Southwest border?
Is there any data on the average IQ of American immigrants?
Why does each US state handle car registrations and driver licensing separately rather than delegating it to the federal government?
What *known* role did foreign nations have in organizing anti-Trump demonstrations
What was the reaction of the AfD to the NSU murders?
Can I access closed session Senate Foreign Relation Committee transcripts?
Why ISIL is targeting Pakistani politicians?
Did any group in the UK oppose Falklands war?
Do police really care about drug dealers?
A country seeks help from EU
How would the United States of America grant Puerto Rico statehood?
Does CIA have an information line providing info on threats to the US for those without security clearance?
Do any US politicians publicly state they support removing religious symbolism from things like coins?
Why don't politicians get fact checked immediately?
Who authorizes the $12B in emergency aid to farmers and where does it come from?
Are there any high profile candidates that debate with the aid of the internet?
Leading readings of the Guarantee Clause of the US Constitution
Why did the EU Council also suggest homeopathic products to treat animals beside conventional drugs?
Why did the Supreme Court decide to disregard the prefatory clause of the 2nd amendment?
Why do nations tend to mandate that police hires be personally more scrupulous than average?
Is there a stated goal in the US "Trade War"?
Why can't local representatives be chosen directly in proportional voting by selecting the top ranking candidates in each district?
What does the non-dictatorship principle of the Arrow theorem mean exactly?
Which media organizations use "catch and kill"?
What is Imran Khan's position regarding Pakistan-US relations?
Why was the "value-added model" algorithm kept secret?
Does the European Union buy soybeans?
Why do countries almost always oppose IMF's proposed reforms?
Why did Imran Khan become the Prime Minister and Zardari became the President after winning elections?
Why doesn't the EU encourage anonymity rather than creating rules about handling personal data?
Did IMF grant a loan with no (reform) conditions to Romania in 2009?
Is there an online resource for latest US presidential campaigns highlights?
Does wartime strengthen a totalitarian leader's power?
Where can I find a fiscal year to date and year over year chart of federal tax revenues?
Why don't China, Russia, USA and EU establish complete world dominance?
Who voted for Arthur J. Jones the neo-Nazi Republican candidate for Illinois's 3rd congressional district?
Is there a ranking of states population density based on usable land area?
Why do states fund primary elections?
Who has pressed for the "2020 global sulphur limit"
What are some examples of antisemitism in the Labour Party?
What were Trump's specific accusations justifying imposing tariffs against China?
What is the latest scholarship (2018) on the relationship between legitimacy and repression?
Who are the leading scholars explaining why people vote as the do?
Has Trump has set any benchmark for winning the trade war(s)?
How does the discrepancy between exit polls and results in recent US elections compare to pre-electronic machine margins?
Do any states within the U.S. plan to introduce legislation which would enable a deduction similar to the Qualified Business Income (QBI) deduction?
Has it become more difficult to formally settle international disputes?
Rights of foreign national to lobby congress members
Would European Parliament members from the UK get to vote on the final Brexit deal?
Is there any recent US campaign that contradicts "all politics is local" conjecture?
Why do we still need elected representatives?
Could (in theory) the British government or some other British entity "neuter" the British MEPs before Brexit (Spring 2019)?
What happens to a MEP who is suspended (or even expelled) from his own party in his home country?
What are some examples of Islamophobia in the UK Conservative Party
Did direct democracy ever work (in a lab)?
What explains the huge difference between UKIP's high-watermark in EU vs UK elections?
Why would Putin or Russia benefit from a weak EU or weak EU countries?
What's the extent of Russian involvement in Brexit, according to latest research?
Why don't Democrats and Republicans collude?
Numerical estimates of the effect of fake news on the outcome of elections?
Is there some kind of conglomerate ("family") which runs the majority of the US media sources?
Does oath of citizenship make citizens inequal?
Do people with Asperger's tend to be more conservative?
What is the UK doing about acid attacks?
Why would the NATO not defend its members against Russia?
Does the UK have anything resembling the US Foreign Agents Registration Act?
What is the importance of Andrew Brunson for the US government?
Why is the USA uneasy with China but not India?
Is exit-polling more accurate than pre-election polling?
What are the main differences between UK and US (NEP) exit polls, methodologically?
What are some horror stories of electoral fraud happening due to electronic voting in otherwise established democracies?
Did Ukraine lose half its GDP because of sanctions against Russia?
What are the negative consequences of stricter opioid prescription policies?
Why did Russia appoint Steven Seagal as a 'special rep.' for US-Russian humanitarian ties?
Can the EU maintain financial channels and Oil trade with Iran like they claim in their statement on reimposition of US sanctions on the country?
What are some examples of substantial voter disenfranchisement by electronic voting in the United States?
How does Brexit affect trade between the UK and countries outside of the EU?
Why couldn't Russia grow its economy as fast as China did?
In the US, why does the government have the right to regulate how political parties hold their primaries?
Does the Trump tower meeting differ from standard opposition research?
Was attending the meeting by Trump Jr., Kushner or Manafort, an "act to effect the object of the conspiracy" within the meaning of 18 U.S.C. 371?
Has Saudi Arabia expelled ambassadors before over human rights comments (from their government)?
How does European Commission deal with EU countries language subtleties / local context?
What international relations is Australia missing out on by being a constitutional monarchy?
Has Israel interfered in US Elections?
Anti Zionism vs Pro-Zionism vs Non-Zionism
Russian sanctions under Trump
Entire court impeached
Has there been a (sustained) downward trend in the amount of EU Commission's press releases in the past decade?
"Everything But Arms" and migrants
Are there statistics on the origin and length of stay of non-EU foreign workers in the EU?
Are there EU countries that offer a path to citizenship for non-EU foreign workers?
How many "Blue Cards" have EU countries issued?
Any backlash against Ukrainians working in Poland? What's the Polish public opinion on Ukrainian guest workers?
How do the political/economical systems in the Rebel Zapatista Autonomous Municipalities and the Democratic Federation of Northern Syria compare?
Is the US unusually prone to walking away from signed treaties/accords?
Why does France have so many bilateral treaties?
Why did France not sign the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties?
How many treaties ratified by Congress did the US exit unilaterally?
What's the ratio of treaties ratified by Congress to other forms of international agreements the US is part of?
Why did Saudi Arabia react so strongly to Canada?
Why did Canada take a strong position regarding Saudi arrest of Human rights activist(s)?
Why is Canada trying so hard to defuse Saudi dispute?
What are the steps for a person to become a US Ambassador, after the nomination?
Who designed the proposed Space Force logos?
How many treaties did US presidents terminate without Congress approval?
Does the US government tell companies like Youtube, Facebook, Apple, and Spotify what to do?
Why is Turkish Lira sliding?
Iran-Iraq War compensations claims
How come no bank chiefs in the US & UK went to prison for the financial crash of 2008?
How far up the banks' hierarchy did the LIBOR rigging convictions (and prosecutions) go?
What are the objective minimum prerequisites for people of African descent in the Americas to form of an independent modern sovereign nation-state?
What was the largest case of fraud involving TARP money (financial crisis bailout funds)?
Is voter turnout connected to dissatisfaction?
What's the highest level of official recognition that an African country gave to their "brothers" in the US?
What was the fate of the executives at the main Icelandic banks after the financial crisis?
Did Netanyahu publicly criticize Soros (or at least his views)?
Is 46 Republican House members retiring unusual?
Is the proposal to create a US Space Force being taken seriously?
What supposed dynamics within the US Green Party prevent its growth?
Why didn't Canada leave the UN conventions on illicit drugs before legalizing marijuana?
Why are countries so reluctant to abandon UN treaties?
No deal Brexit - how to transition to a new UK/WTO legal interface
Why does PRC devalue its currency on purpose, but Turkey is worried about the devaluation of its currency?
Are there any longitudinal studies measuring generosity over time in America?
Has Iran ever attacked secular rebels inside of Syria?
Is paying for ex-staff's silence a legal use of campaign funds?
Are there any studies of comparative biases in adversarial and inquisitorial legal systems?
Does the WTO itself have any input into trade agreements?
Why does there seem to be a lack of conservative comedy and comedy-news compared to liberal?
Can schedules be bilaterally agreed in the WTO forum?
What's Trump's frustration with the WTO?
What is the difference between Anarcho-syndicalism and Collectivist anarchism?
FTAs permissible by WTO
Leaving the EU without a deal and MFN rules
The state's answer to the automation of job
Could demographic decline in Western countries outweigh job loss due to unemployment?
Is the UK asking for increased influence over the EU post-Brexit?
Introduction of A/B tests on policy
Why do ex-government employees have security clearances?
Why is Saudi Arabia extending US$5.5 billion to Pakistan?
Did Obama make any statements on the OPM breach?
Is Zelig an Arrovian dictator?
What's this EU concession the British press is talking about... in EU representative's own words?
What did the Republican leadership do (or call for) after the OPM breach?
The rules for cabinet and shadow cabinet membership in the UK?
Does EU freedom of speech allow a license plate that taunts a political party?
Did China engage in spy swaps?
Do Republicans spend more on advertising while Democrats do more canvassing?
How common are sanctions against EU/NATO countries for the release of indicted US civilians?
What political theories allow businessmen understand politic easily?
Can a EU country refuse to allow a car to circulate with plates from another EU country?
Did (other) officials from EU countries condemn Trump's tariffs on Turkey?
Is the US President empowered to unilaterally revoke security clearance of sitting members of congress?
In Massachusetts, can I vote third party if I register as a Republican?
How is the impact of analytics steering user newsfeed measured on a national basis in the US?
"The Treaties" in article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty
How many high level security clearances have been revoked?
Why is proportional representation a nonpartisan issue in the US?
Is the US-based observation that "the larger the proportion of minorities, the more exclusionary the electoral system" generalizable?
What checks & balances exist on covert operations?
Are party fractionalization and ideological polarization independent (uncorrelated)?
Are public opinion and expert views of ideological distances between political parties generally consistent?
What evidence does Turkey's government have on Andrew Brunson?
Can the UK Civil Service propose legislation or direct legislation?
Are there precedents for the EU fining the UK for undervalued Chinese imports?
Have any prominent Brexiteers argued for the UK to become a duty-free country (like Singapore)?
What's a "Minister for Brexit"?
What's Rees-Mogg's constituency, socioeconomically?
Did the Greek economy contract more than Syria's in the past decade?
What are the steps towards officially recognizing a Cold War?
How can Trump's accusations have an impact in Fall elections?
Is there any indication that the Euro rate is being politically manipulated?
Perjury in US politics
What's the German or EU view on the definition of currency manipulation?
Is Baltimore unfair to Republican voters?
Which form of censorship is more harmful: through suppression vs. through flooding?
Did Germany profit from the (third) Greek bailout?
Has there been any EU reaction to Trump's threat to put a 25% tariff on all EU cars?
Model of interactions between government and society (circular dependency)
When and how were the current US and EU tariffs on cars decided?
Business management tools in political processes
Is the public generally aware of lagged effects of economic policies?
Are opinion polls always representative of the extreme opinions?
How do Google Trends results correlate with the actual party support?
Have any studies been performed which show that campaigning for or being appointed to an office of public trust leads to criminal activity?
Has there been an increase in cynical (or realpolitik-y) US public opinion of politicians since Trump took power?
When did the phrase "the law of the land" take on its current meaning with regard to the US Constitution?
What reasons did the DUP have to oppose the Good Friday Agreement and do those reasons still apply?
Which factors most strongly impact voter turnout in the U.S.?
What are the limits to the power of the City Remembrancer?
Why did political parties form in the United States?
Do wrong beliefs threaten democracy?
Can corporations vote in the presidential election?
Would UK citizens require a visa to enter the Schengen area in case of a no-deal Brexit?
Disclosure and publishing of 'catch and kill' practices favouring a presidential candidate
Can one say that US politicians are more independent from their parties than others?
Why would filibuster work if opposition has more than enough votes to pass bill?
Have arms manufacturers and dealers ever been accused of or convicted of a war crime in the U.S. or by and at an international tribunal?
Does this European Citizen's Initiative have any chance of success?
Does Japan have a nuclear phase out plan similar to that of Germany?
What is the Rice Index? How does it measure party unity?
Are there any restrictions on what a national flag should look like?
Are there any studies about companies self-segregating politically?
If conservatism believes in individualism, then why do conservatives often support regulation of personal decisions?
Does tax amnesty have any benefit except for potentially uncovering undeclared wealth?
Can Donald Trump fire someone who works in the Justice Department?
Why aren't the Alabama Constitution's anachronistic parts removed?
Who pays the costs for presidential preference "elections" in caucus states (US)?
Has the DNC barred Sanders from contending in the 2020 Democratic primaries?
Why is bestiality illegal in the United States?
Why in the US is there such a focus on "symbolism" of the nation?
Are there some systematic attempts to evaluate how pro-Christian-Right presidential policies have been?
Why is abortion considered an individualist dilemma?
What is the term for the polisci problem of having to vote for a single individual holding many beliefs?
Do people self-identify as "cultural Marxist"?
Why didn't the United Nation send Peacekeepers to Rwanda?
What are the primary source records which document the reasons for President Andrew Johnson's voiding of Sherman’s Special Field Order No. 15?
How does anti-Semitism differ from racism?
Why marriage and not family?
What power does a president possess in a parliamentary form of government?
Are sunsetting provisions successful in reducing bureaucracy?
Are there benefits to war?
Is anti-corruption initiative 'sometimes' detrimental to the economy?
What is the rationale of undertaking a visit just after cutting aid?
Could a post-no-deal-Brexit UK urgently join EFTA and access the ESM that way?
Were Rudy Giuliani's divergent opinions related to Romania's fighting against corruption clarified?
What are some minimum indicators which tell us that a government is corrupt?
What was Rand Paul's argument for objecting to the 2017 Montenegro Treaty?
What stops countries from acting unilateraly
Why doesn't the USA allow all countries to have nuclear weapons?
Land reform in Guatemala
Why does religion get a special treatment in anti-discrimination laws?
Were Ted Cruz's points accurate regarding the missing Kavanaugh documents complaint being misleading?
What is the point of congressional confirmation hearings?
Why are budget categories often in relation to GDP?
Do any legislative branches besides the US have a tradition of voluntarily requiring more than 50% of the votes to pass a law?
What is the significance of this "sanctimonious humbugs" cartoon which appeared in today's Guardian?
What is the vetting process for source materials for an investigative report or book?
What kind of documents are being requested in the Brett Kavanaugh confirmation hearing?
Gilgit-Baltistan is disputed territory, then how is it that Pakistan administers that area?
Are the intentions behind the Guarantee Clause an early incarnation of the concepts in the 14th Amendment?
When was the last significant repudiation of the Hamiltonian reading of the Tax Clause?
How are free-for-consumer prescriptions paid for in a publicly-financed healthcare system?
Why do the Conservatives bother standing in elections in Northern Ireland?
Can straight-party voting lead to partisanship?
How do you get a seat in the confirmation hearings?
Why can a person freely change their name, but not their identified gender, in the UK?
How did Labour party members in England vote in the 2016 Brexit referendum?
Why would invoking the 25th amendment cause a constitutional crisis?
Famous appointed Bridge-Builder politicians
Why isn't demilitarization used as a defensive strategy?
Why didn't Orestes Brownson think that the "American form" of government is a "Mixed Government"?
What declassification is Trump considering?
What about Ted Cruz appealed to Republicans who voted for him in 2016?
Does the executive branch have its own form of contempt?
Definition of active measures in a political warfare context
What kind of government did Tocqueville consider the United States?
Can a militia (for example, a mafia's armed wing) defeat a nation's army and take over the government?
What is the Russian public's view on the US claims of interference in the 2016 US election?
Famous European Member of Cabinet "Bridge-Builder"
Why doesn't Sweden, seemingly extremely progressive country, abolish monarchism?
Why has Venezuela's economy collapsed when Cuba's has not?
When UK politicians say MPs will "vote against the Chequers plan", what vote are they referring to?
Is there a voting system to elect multiple candidates and ensure diversity within those elected?
Why were strict truancy laws introduced in the UK
How are inter-religious disputes handled in the US and Canada?
How does the Alliance motivate their claim to have a mandate (Swedish parliamentary elections, 2018)?
What are the reasons the United States did not support the creation of the International Criminal Court?
Could Venezuela be considered a Dictatorship?
How long would it take to pay off the U.S. national debt if new deficits were eliminated?
Why isn't it a woman's choice to be a prostitute?
Who decides how EU structural funds are distributed?
Could Italy's need to finance its public debt be a menace for the EU?
In Marxism are prices decided centrally?
Do any American politicians support banning pet euthanasia?
Legality of "seat sharing" in congressional districts
Why are conservatives so patriotic and hateful of the government at the same time?
Why do European cities have so many homeless and beggars despite its high-tax welfare system?
How democratic was Venezuela when Hugo Chavez was elected?
How different have the various constitutions of Venezuela been?
How do people decide which political party is good for them?
What is the benefit of electronic voting machines (as opposed to paper ballots)?
What is the origin of law in the European Union?
What is Pro-Europeanism?
Where can I find the vote distribution of an EU directive?
Why did Russia and China never show any serious intention to ease up US sanctions on Iran?
Why was the "Privileges and Immunities" clause not interpreted in this manner?
Why raise so much fuss about the Skripal poisoning?
Is criticism of Zionism legitimate or inherently anti-semitic?
At what point does a conservative become a reactionary?
Is the Democratic Party actually a left wing party?
Are there any recent examples of political protests organized by diaspora?
How does transportation and security of high ranking officials differ in the EU and US?
Is Venezuela an example of socialism?
What is the evidence for the Russian interference in the US 2016 election? What are the known facts?
Does Azerbaijan have overland access to Nakhichevan?
Is the U.S. (really) Vying for Dominance in Pakistan?
Period evidence to refute the decision of Baron V Baltimore
Veto power in the EU
Judges appointment mechanisms
Why did Mississipi ratify the 13th Amendment so late?
How many of the August protesters were actually from the Romanian diaspora?
For a provincial election, how long after the voting are the results given out in Canada?
Does Russia have real-time encryption communication agreement with India?
Does the UK Government or Prime Minister have a vote in removing EU Commissioners?
Why does the US Supreme Court work this way?
How is innovation measured in private-public partnerships?
Are member states compelled by law to implement EU directives and regulations?
By what process do EU directives become UK national law?
Can an individual member-state citizen be criminalised for not following EU law?
Notwithstanding Clause of Canadian Constitution
Does a (US) presidential proclamation have a time limit?
Protocol when dealing with USA President
How can the Northern Ireland backstop take effect if there is “no deal”?
Is there anything uniquely difficult about repealing Treaty law?
Does having more female leaders than male leaders make the world more peaceful?
What's the point of offline public hearings in the 21st century?
What motivates the seemingly widespread animosity towards Clarence Thomas?
What justice and legislative system reforms have been proposed that account for the absence of free will?
Is Belt and Road Initiative cost-effective?
What are the reasons for not calculating government officials' wages in terms of minimal wage?
Is the independent streak in the Dniestrian countries due to their Phanariot heritage?
Why is Marine Le Pen ordered to undergo psychiatric testing instead of being fined?
Do I have to register to vote for midterms if I am already registered to vote for presidential election in the US?
Why is Trump calling to OPEC for lowering the oil price?
Why can't state leaders or UN or World Food and Agriculture Organization stop the unimaginable food wastage level?
Are there any refugees fleeing from Germany?
What is the reason for organ donation "soft opt-out" even if the person has explicitly allowed organ donation?
Examples of European political parties/movements that put emphasis on science and technology and why so few?
Could the UK "take Ireland hostage?"
Did Plato believe in institution of marriage?
Will Democratic senators be permitted to ask questions of Dr. Blasey Ford?
Do immigrants to the US use up more welfare?
Does the WTO have a concept of “default” or standard tariffs?
What would happen if the President of the USA actually shot someone?
Are there some surveys for the motivation of Syrian asylum seekers preference for Germany (once they reach Europe)?
Who can fire the EU presidents?
How did Rolando Paksas improperly meddle in a privatisation deal?
Why is the Egyptian government building a new capital instead of modernizing and fixing Cairo?
Does Trump incite more news articles than Obama, Bush, or Clinton did?
Political leanings of academia and of think tanks
US State Department and Department of Defense
What would be the subject of a second Brexit Referendum?
Is there any reason politicians don't talk about internal affairs while abroad?
Has a world leader been laughed at while addressing the UN General Assembly before?
Do any theories justify majoritarian election outcomes?
Can a lame duck Senate confirm a SCOTUS nominee?
How to change states in US voting registration
Are many laws adopted with unscientific (pseudoscientific or untested) foundations?
What is the capitalist answer to rail passenger transportation being non financially profitable?
What's the point in holding a second Brexit referendum?
Isn't the question of partisanship of US supreme court judges contradictory to the separation of powers?
If Kavanaugh is confirmed, can he still be removed later?
Questions regarding congressman indicted for insider trading
Chinese government internet censorship - statistics on evasion?
Why was the arrangement made for Hong Kong to have 50 years of autonomy?
How is the US population growing amidst restrictive immigration policies?
What does a country need to do get rejected by the UN?
Why is Iran determined by U.S. as the biggest state sponsor of terror in the world today?
Why did Germany veto an expanded customs union between the EU and Turkey?
Why does partisanship trump concerns about hypocrisy with voters?
What do Democrats have to gain, politically, by preventing Brett Kavanaugh's appointment to the Supreme Court?
Hypothesis: "globalization makes a "strong" economy the hostage of its own success?"
What criteria is used for a Supreme Court nomination while in Senate Judiciary Committee?
What power, if any, does the SCOTUS Chief Justice have to hamper or reject an appointment they dislike?
Labour Party support for renationalizing railways
Dem anti-Kavanaugh strategy: why focus on sexual assault allegations, as opposed to a blend of issues?
Why is the US federal government allowed to shutdown?
What does Brett Kavanaugh mean with "revenge on behalf of the Clintons"?
Would federal agencies have enough power to run the country without the government?
What is Russia's rationale of giving S-300 to Bashar Al Assad?
What were the previous 6 FBI investigations of Brett Kavanaugh?
Volume of UK law originating in the House of Lords
Can Cabinet Ministers initiate legislation, or does collective responsibility somehow preclude this?
How were farmers affected by demonetization in India?
Is the correlation between government actions and laws spurious?
Why can't the Republican party force a vote on the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh?
Can't a country grow its GDP without foreign investment?
How do we know U.S. elections are free and fair with accurate counting of the popular votes?
Why was excluding Australian Aboriginal populations from the Race Power considered racist?
USMCA vs NAFTA, what's different?
Did any Muslim majority countries express an official position about the treatment of Muslims in China?
What issue does the EU take with the UK's Chequers proposal?
What does Kanye (Ye) West actually mean by "Abolish the 13th Amendment"?
Will the upcoming Japanese era begin immediately if Emperor Akihito dies before his planned abdication on 30 April 2019?
Why can't countries print money to maintain their budgets instead of using taxes?
Why is Obama releasing his 2018 endorsements in "waves?"
How is Approval Voting providing more information than an ordinal method?
Is first-past-the-post (plurality voting) neither an ordinal nor a cardinal method?
How do social security payments compare to investing the same amount of money in treasury bonds?
'Fair and equitable treatment' clause in the context of bilateral investment treaties
Do originalist U.S. Supreme Court justices tend to be politically right-leaning?
What's the difference between a public office having 'discretion' over a 'mandate' to do something?
Is there any talk to change the nomination process for the SCOTUS?
How can Indian government afford highly unpopular decisions such as banknote demonetisation?
Is there any dataset for party primaries adoption?
Do compulsory voting systems allow blank votes or "none of the above" options?
What are the options to a hosting country if a foreign embassy imprisoned someone inside it?
Shipping a person in a diplomatic bag
Does the US withdrawal from 1955 Treaty of Amity have any effect on the ICJ's vote about US sanctions on Iran?
Did Brett Kavanaugh perjure himself with regard to a New Yorker article?
Why weren't allegations based on Judge Kavanaugh's 1983 yearbook, raised during his nomination in 2006 to the DC Circuit?
Is a low popularity of a political party leader typically used as a reason for asking to resign within Western democracies?
How is the US' "Presidential Alert" system safeguarded against inappropriate or unauthorized use?
Is it possible to live as a British/Canadian/Australian while openly disavowing the Monarchy?
Where does China buy its hi-tech weapons from other than Russia?
Has a government ever bailed out a supermarket?
Who presides over the US Senate on a day-to-day basis?
What is the US senate mechanism for members to respond to/challenge each other during debate?
Is the fact that private investment schemes are scams the main justification for social security?
Why don't Democrats encourage Christine Blasey Ford to file a criminal complaint against Kavanaugh in Maryland to trigger a local investigation?
Does the EU mandate certain requirements for citizenship of member states?
Are refugees granted asylum in Germany afforded any rights of citizenship?
Why is the debate on the composition of the U.S. Supreme Court so politicised?
Does voting for Kavanaugh really improve Manchin's chances of re-election?
Are there some studies which measure the level of politicization of courts in a trans-Atlantic perspective?
On what grounds may SDPS “Harmony” be described as “pro-Russian”?
Is the U.S. Constitution a religious-based document if it was written to be in alignment with Judeo-Christian morals and values?
What were the political reasons for the U.S. using the stripes of the British East India Company flag on the U.S. national flag?
GRU agents expelled – why not charged?
Is arresting an opposition leader right before elections can be considered pre-poll rigging?
Are there any statistics on Eminent Domain?
Health care ballot initiative for nurse staffing: why no compromise?
What are the effects of the HR392 (fairness for skilled immigrant workers) bill?
Did any or many conservative news outlets report on the new IPCC climate change report today?
Are there any countries besides Canada where the flow of goods is restricted between the country's provinces?
Is there any unwritten rule that high officials should cast a vote in spite of boycotting being a more ideologically appropriate option?
Has the abolishment of the FCC fairness doctrine led to political polarization in the US?
Has this campaign strategy been tried anywhere before?
How did the Kavanaugh confirmation move so quickly despite the serious allegations?
Is the UN Security Council simply a forum for the member states?
Why don't third parties in the United States advocate for Approval/Range Voting?
The DUP have threatened to “vote down the budget” - but what does this mean?
Are there any countries besides Finland that use official emojis to promote themselves?
Is Judge Roberts committed to the status quo against partisanship?
Is there an official/unoffiicial record kept of 'Three Line Whips' in UK Parliament?
What are the reasons for not having a voter turnout threshold for a nation-wide referendum?
Instead of proposing a "dialogic process" for judicial review, why doesn't Mark Tushnet want to amend the Constitution as necessary?
When did the tradition of Capitol-building-lawn comments start?
Does all private land in the US trace its origin to a US government patent
If the British King dies childless but with a pregnant wife, who is the monarch?
Does an Official LGBT Manifest exist?
Did Ernesto "Che" Guevara sent homosexuals to concentration camps?
Impeachment trial proceedings of a Vice President
In the US, how much power does the president have over the federal budget?
What could a vegan mayor actually do?
Why isn't it mandatory for elected members of parliaments to have knowledge on the constitution?
Difference between the Scientific and Behavioral approach to International Relations
How can I obtain information about the candidates running for Judge in California?
Why is the US presidential election typically viewed as a bigger deal than the midterm elections?
What happens to disaster relief money?
Why can't Northern Ireland just have a stay/leave referendum?
How do Chief Justices of the Supreme Court get replaced?
To what extent did Dilma Rousseff's impeachment increase Jair Bolsonaro's chances to be president?
No-deal Brexit and Irish border; can third countries transit through Republic of Ireland?
What possible laws have been proposed to modify limited liability of corporations?
What are the arguments for and against a flat income tax rate?
Why is Elizabeth Warren's Native American ancestry a political issue?
What did Theresa May mean by: the EU wants a backstop to the backstop?
Do senators control PACs?
Does unilateral free trade (no trade barriers from anywhere) imply no standards?
Is Wentworth particularly pro-Israel, and why?
When did Elizabeth Warren first refer to her Native American ancestry?
FISA warrants: why are the dates still redacted?
Why would a Western country sanction Saudi Arabia over Khashoggi's possible killing?
Why do Special Counsels (and other similar offices) exist if investigations can be conducted by other clearer means?
What is the point of unlimited terms?
Why are the nationalists and unionists in Ireland & Northern Ireland OK with using violence?
Which countries are friends/allies in Middle East
Why is there no separate law for husband in domestic violence in india?
Why would US NOT sanction Saudi Arabia over Khashoggi's possible killing?
Why has nationalism risen in Switzerland?
Why are western-owned social media sites allowed and utilized in Burma?
Why is the concept of Trickle Down economics still popular with US conservatives?
Why is Italy pushing its budget?
Do US federal agencies take a position on legislation?
What is the importance and value of centralized government?
What reasons do Brexiteers have for wanting to be part of TPP?
Yemen - why isn't the West distancing itself from the blockade?
Are there political reasons why Turkey would want to catch Saudi Arabian agents committing a crime?
What is a political view that believes there should be no ruling country and people should be split into separate niche companies?
Why does US have such a low score for "Political participation" factor inside the Democracy index?
How does "the military" control Pakistan?
Is this remark from Senator Lindsey Graham (Rep.) actually racist?
Has there ever been any government in the world where a science commission was a branch of power with constitutional level?
How is corruption thematically related to the ascension of a dictatorship?
How did Prabowo make his money?
What would a ''united'' Korea look like for the west.....?
In the letter to Cramer, what is the implication or significance of being a North Dakotan or being Prairie tough?
Why doesn't the USA split into "Divided States of America" to achieve political autonomy?
What options does the US have in response to the killing of journalist Jamal Khashoggi?
Do nascent exit-movements currently exist within the EU?
Why are U.S. territories not allowed to vote in U.S. presidential elections?
Do countries inform each other about ballistic missile test launches?
Why do the US and Russia not seem to support INF anymore?
Mechanics of a second Brexit referendum
What is the point of prohibiting currently impossible things?
If a group is labeled as a terrorist group, what rights are abridged to the group or the individuals?
Maxine Waters "passed 3 bills in Congress in 27 years"?
What exactly is "hyper-partisanship"?
Is the government just a utilities monopoly?
Are there cases of Democrats engaging in voter suppression?
What are some examples of recent concrete policies within the EU Common Agricultural Policy?
Who pays for the President's campaign trips?
Why have three politicans in high positions resigned to become the US Ambassador to China?
Whips in India and democracy
If the eurozone budget deficit limit is 3%, why is the European Commission telling Italy it must revise its 2.4% deficit budget?
Does Turkey have an extradition treaty with Saudi Arabia?
Why is France cutting nuclear power policy so different than Germany's?
Can the U.S. technically be called an oligarchy and a democracy?
Is it true to say that the Chequers proposal will preclude importing goods from outside the EU that do not meet EU standards?
We will never surrender! Why would a country have this policy?
Are there democratic countries that joined to form another independent country?
Why does the government pose a Ban on things which have not been Scientifically proven to harm us?
Why did Sweden issue the 'if crisis or war comes' pamphlet?
Why do some countries have lower instead of higher retirement age for women?
The thinking behind regulatory alignment for goods
How tightly is the rural/urban population ratio correlated with a state's red/blue status?
Would this be considered a campaign contribution in the US?
Registering for a midterm election as a US citizen abroad (never-resident)
Does being an informed voter always lead to good outcome?
Top-level understanding of the Brexit process
Why were emergency responses so underwhelming in the 2011 attack in Norway?
What factors drive the power of passports?
Required gathering of genetic material from citizens?
How do politicians get my phone number?
Why did so many Swedish raised in other Scandinavia countries vote for Sweden Democrats?
Why are people asked for their party affiliation when registering to vote in the United States?
Why don't neutral countries like New Zealand purchase any strategic equipment from Russia?
Why is Oman interested in diplomatic relationship with Israel and vice versa?
Can US citizens vote in multiple primaries?
After Brexit will the UK still be a member of the Council of Europe and be subject to the ECHR?
The free-trade agreement offered by the EU to the UK
In 2016, why did the GOP win the House popular vote while Clinton won the popular vote?
Since Greece wants FYROM to be named "North Macedonia", why don't they make an example call their own region "South Macedonia"?
The Chequers Plan has been rebuffed by the EU, so why is it still “alive”?
How powerful is the Brazilian presidency?
How does Capitalism facilitate happiness?
Why are services by self-employed people and employees taxed differently in the UK?
Is there a list showing the last time each country had a peaceful transition of government?
Is the dispute over the naming of Macedonia unique in recent history?
Why are gender and race mentioned so often in politics, even though they're supposed to be irrelevant in a progressive society?
Why does BJP want to know Rahul Gandhi's gotra?
What is the difference between direct and indirect democracy
Is the Common European Asylum System discretionary?
The success of the European Union policy response to migration waves from the Middle East and Africa
What evidence is there that the EU had a causative influence in the relative peace in Europe post WWII?
List of EU Regulations
Are EU Regulations more analogous to Acts of Parliament or Statutory Instruments?
Safeguards in the UK political system against possible deception by the Civil Service
What are the types of cultural diplomacy?
Do free trade agreements involve the pooling of sovereignty?
Is the Republican party obligated to renominate Trump for Presidency in 2020?
How does the UK deal with freedom of the press?
Has social security been less volatile than other investments?
Why are there only 36 US states with governor elections this November?
Which voting system gives geographic representation while not requiring districts?
Are EU members answerable to the ECtHR?
Why are there so many Republican governors?
Purpose of the European Arrest Warrant
Why did John Bercow nominate an Australian senate official to be the Clerk of the House?
Why can't Donald Trump revoke birthright citizenship?
Can the European Council instruct the Commission?
When are people born in the United States not "subject to its jurisdiction"?
Is there any mechanism by which the President can revoke green cards obtained legally through employment?
If Birthright Citizenship were to be revoked, would it be retroactive?
Can a political party prevent their members from running for office?
Has the US Supreme court ever altered its own precedent on the same topic twice?
Do American voters tend to vote themselves a raise?
Why doesn't the UK hold a second Brexit referendum to clarify what the public wants from Brexit?
Can a person be elected to a Minnesota state office if there are fewer votes for them than blank votes?
Were the Framers of the United States Constitution citizens of the United States at its ratification?
Did the EU Referendum Act 2015 mandate “the leaflet”?
Are caucuses less democratic than primaries?
Is Israeli political party Kulanu religious or anti-religious?
U.S. voter turnout and political party
What happens if Members of Parliament defect causing a Government to lose a majority?
How do I check my vote?
How much of Trump's border wall has been completed so far?
Can the DUP withdraw their support at any time?
Obscure vote by mail clause in FL law
Is it fascist/racist to doubly punish for people who live in "poor" areas?
Does the populist rise in Europe prove that intra-party democracy is not working?
Does Mexico's aid option for Central American migrants somehow change the status or rights of the displaced persons under international law?
Does the European Commission have to include amendments made to legislation by Parliament or Council?
Are “WTO rules” fine-grained and detailed or a set of general principles like Most-Favoured Nation?
Is Erdogan seen as a potential dictator in Turkey?
How do I find out what political party a state Supreme Court justice is affiliated with when it's hidden from public
Are European Union WTO schedules certified?
Term for the trend where a political party does worse in State elections when holding power Federally
Is there a name for a system where representatives are not party affiliated, but issue affiliated?
Autonomy of Delhi Police
What would be the effect of a change in the US Senate?
Why is the consensus that the Democrats are confident of overturning the House majority in the 2018 midterms?
If a law is found to be unconstitutional; can an amendment to the state constitution matter?
Does President Trump's sister still draw a federal salary?
How does Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties go about such cases when one of the two sides stops existing?
Will member state parliaments have the opportunity to ratify the UK/EU deal before exit day?
Will the Withdrawal Agreement contain binding commitments to the nature of the Future Relationship?
UN criticises Germany on the grounds of basic human rights, what follows?
Is EU Treaty Article 50 (2) paradoxical?
When Yugoslavia broke up, which of the resulting countries did officially inherit all the international treaties signed with Yugoslavia?
How does a provisional ballot protect vote anonymity?
How many votes does a political party in Indonesia need to have a seat in parliement?
If voting machine fraud is a potential issue in the USA, why are paper ballots never a solution?
Oklahoma: Can I still vote in person if I received an absentee ballot but did not return it?
What is the difference between a special polling location and a general polling location?
In the international law, is there any law or a principle regulating treaties signed with a state that later broke up?
On the Washington Times election page, why does Wyoming's icon have no stars?
Why are all Iran-German/Iran-European trades made in Dollar instead of Euro?
What instruments does the House of Representatives have to control the executive branch of government?
Domestic scrutiny of EU legislation before Parliament and Council of Ministers votes
What does it actually mean for the Republicans to have lost the House of Representatives?
What does Farrakhan mean by "false Jews"?
Where are detailed results of New York State elections available?
Who "owns" a country?
Why are some precincts so slow to report after an election?
What impact will keeping the Senate but losing the House have on Trump's ability to implement his agenda?
30+ years ago, why was there often a huge split between the presidential and house elections but not anymore?
If an Attorney General tried to defund a special counsel investigation, could the House fund it?
Why do so many people in the US vote for different parties for the House and the Senate?
Best metric for comparing poll queue times?
How much of the reparations due to Nicaragua did the USA pay out?
How much aid has the United States given Israel compared to occupied Palestine?
Why was procedure so important under Stalin's regime?
Was the enacting of DACA unconstitutional?
Why would the President not just fire the Attorney General?
Make sense of the NYT Senate totals?
What are the reasons behind discriminating between votes inside the country and those from diaspora in regard of proportional representation?
Why are some airlines canceling their flights to Iran after the US sanctions and others do not?
Does Trump's hush-money problem make him vulnerable to impeachment and removal?
Did the framers of the US Constitution foresee huge differences in representation in the Senate, such as between California and Wyoming?
Can Matthew Whitaker legally change the budget for the Special Counsel Investigation at a whim?
What is the problem with Broward County Fl election results?
How can the US Senate bypass the Majority Leader's agenda?
Is there a "nuclear option" regarding the election of a constitutional judge in Germany?
Titles for US public figures
Is the use of "fear" effective in terms of voter turn out in US elections.....?
Why is the City of London governed by a corporation?
Why would the Attorney General not just wait to be fired?
Who organised the Belleau Wood cemetery visit on November 10th 2018?
How can an unpopular French president be replaced before the next election?
What is the main disagreement between Palestinian groups?
How can we find representatives from specific cities?
Why does Broward County FL need to apply a voter fraud law around handling of provisional ballots?
Is the US one of the most decentralized countries in the world?
What solutions have been proposed in the US to an abstract contaminated vote bag problem?
What was the popular vote in the US 2018 House election?
What are the repercussions of a poorly designed ballot?
Stated reasons why Trump waited until the day after the election to oust Sessions?
Can both US Senators from a state be elected at the same time?
When and where was the first US "Butterfly ballot" used in a presidential election?
What's the difference between democratic republics and republics?
What powers does the Rules Committee (US House of Reps) have?
On Florida machine recount - how limited to Senate/Gov/Agriculture
Is the extended security framework a useful model for modern security phenomena?
Is there a way for EU to exclude a member country from assuming presidency?
Why is the EU concerned about the UK "unilaterally withdrawing" from a proposed Irish backstop?
Why is counting election totals more difficult than lottery administration?
If the NI border is the major sticking point in the Brexit negotiations, why are both sides willing to risk no-deal?
Backsliding (Parliamentary v. Presidential)
Has any member of Congress served concurrently in State Office?
Why does Hungary mix politics with children's education?
What does Nicholas Watt mean that May has “enough tellers for her Brexit vote”?
Suggesting a book to understand politics theory and the organization of states
Ghost voting prevention in US state legislative bodies
Did the EU agree to a customs union without freedom of movement in the latest Brexit deal?
Why not combine a high electoral threshold with proportional representation and transferable vote to achieve stable governments without wasted votes?
Why are the 2019 elections an objection to extending Article 50?
Why does Brexit threaten the Good Friday Agreement from 1998?
Is a second EU Referendum undemocratic?
National Reconciliation Ordinance (2007)
What are the rules, laws, and procedures to approve and remove press members from white house press conferences?
Causes of a sovereign debt crisis?
How often does Congress try to overturn Marbury v. Madison?
Economically social Democratic and nationalist on immigration
Why hasn't France exited the EU, when it loathes the EU's enlargement?
What do the Rohingya call Rakhine State
Were the UK’s assets in the EU used to calculate the divorce bill?
Was the withdrawal agreement in Article 50 intended to be the statement of future relationship?
Do MEPs get to vote on Treaty changes?
Who coined the term "herding" in the context of polling?
When the A8 (ex-Eastern Bloc) states acceded, was the process defined by treaty or by the Ordinary Legislative Process?
Fake News: How can a government of and by the people address the problem?
Is there a ranking of countries' freedom of speech for non-journalists?
Why do politicians refuse to answer hypothetical questions?
Are Native American tribes considered part of the United States?
Definition of “pooled sovereignty”
Can an American Political Party kick out a member?
Does the introduction of proportional representation lead to extremists getting elected to parliament?
Can federal courts overrule North Carolina's vote ID constitutional amendment?
Can the Senate block House Subpoenas?
If the DUP is no longer in a "confidence and supply arrangement" can the UK Government still govern?
Data on vote and seats
Census boycott for political purposes
Did the EU cookie consent law have a pilot scheme?
How does the German Bundestag election system work?
Who will become Maine Attorney General in January?
What could be an appropriate electoral system, when some of the alternatives are similar to each other?
Why does Belgium seem to have a more diverse legislative body that other EU countries?
Why do we have political parties?
What does the government (of the US for example) want with respect to the population?
Could Gibraltar become an independent country, under the Queen?
Why is the magnitude of the UK/EU divorce bill not contingent on a deal?
How do states trust each other to comply with treaties?
Is there any US political program mentioning "truth decay" (or similar concept) as an issue that should be tacked?
Why are gambling winnings not taxed in the United Kingdom?
During the transition period will UK membership contributions continue as before, in addition to the divorce bill?
What is the opposite of populism?
What are the reasons for the rise in Euroscepticism over the last few years?
What was the international reaction (political level) to ethnic cleansing in Bhutan?
English version of mindmap on Xi Jinping Thought
Vote coercion in U.S.A
What are the reasons presented by the French government to explain why the price of diesel fuel increased so much in France?
How can communism be totalitarian?
How does America prevent deals in dollars between the third parties?
What are the main reasons for why negotiating a proper Brexit deal has been so hard?
Are there politics related to eugenics?
Convention to stop defamation of religion
Did European Union officials decide not to influence Brexit campaign?
Why are members of the migrant caravan making a big deal out of it?
Why does Mexico allow immigrants to cross to the US?
What does "Renewable once, consecutively" presidential term limit mean?
Why is there such a long delay before putting the "Meaningful Vote" to the British Parliament
Restricting voting on abortion to women
Does the EU require preferential trade within itself?
Why is May in charge of Brexit negotiations? What happened to the prominent Brexiteers?
Why are referendums held? Are they not inherently anti-democratic?
Can Western countries impose sanctions on Saudi Arabia in a similar way to those imposed to Russia?
What is the evidence for a top-down Southern Strategy?
What is the benefit of Ukraine declaring martial law after a naval attack by Russian forces?
Are there any published materials evaluating the economic outcomes of ARRA's research funding?
The backstop involves staying in a Customs Union with the EU - who gets the tariffs?
How might the USA gain land today?
Do anti blasphemy laws increase corruption?
What are some examples of rights that cost money?
If, on 12 December, the House of Commons passes, by a simple majority, a vote of "no confidence" in Theresa May's government, what happens next?
What happens if nominated candidate is not confirmed by the senate?
Does breaking a Paris climate vow result in sanctions by the UN?
Did Nigel Farage ever explain why the UK should leave the EU?
Is China a "developing country" according to WTO, UN, IMF, etc?
How do Obama and Trump era uses of pepper spray and tear gas against migrants on the Mexico-US border differ?
Have there ever been serious attempts to pass an amendment to the constitution to better define when impeachment may occur?
In recent US elections, is turnout among millennial voters lower than voters in the baby boomer generation?
Does Russia need to treat the captured Ukranian sailors as POWs?
How do felony disenfranchisement laws differ state by state?
Is much of what the US federal government does unconstitutional?
What happened to Islamic terrorism in 2018?
Why the recent crackdown on rappers and other popular musicians in Russia?
Isn't acknowledging the existence of God, as a state, a contradiction of the separation of Church and State?
What political factors are shared by countries that let oligarchs emerge during the transition from a communist country to a capitalist country?
How does the European Union ensure the correctness of elections with member countries?
Why do laws restrict voting rights for felons long after their sentence is served?
In federal countries who owns offshore natural resources, the states or the federal government?
Reasons given by free market advocates against a carbon tax?
How do the RealClearPolitics polling averages work?
Does the U.S. House of Representatives have the power to block drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR)?
Why is Germany not in the New Hanseatic League?
What was the main factor behind the Democratic gains in the 2018 Midterm Elections?
Why would a British citizen define themselves as English, not British?
Why do UK citizens feel "that only the British (and perhaps the Swiss) are properly democratic"?
Has and could Trump's anti-vaxxer views affect US government policy?
The politics of the US presidential pardon in 2018
Why are members of the Cabinet allowed to resign without notice?
Is Hobbes' Leviathan part of classical realism?
Does Iran have any remaining obligations regarding UN Security Council resolution 2231 and testing ballistic missiles?
How much apparel has Trump sold?
What is the point of the US presidential code name?
Why is the principle of priority so rarely used in relation with organ donation?
Why do Republicans and others accept the propagandaic use of the term "Progressives"?
What did the US government concede in the New NAFTA/USMCA negotiations?
Voting system to elect multiple winners from a large field of candidates
Can the US Congress prevent a military action against Iran?
Is the current age-party affiliation breakdown in the US comparable to historic US breakdowns?
Will the Republican presidential candidate for 2020 be Trump?
What's the fallout for making it possible to roll back international wire transfers?
U.S. constitution 2nd amendment and state militias
Impeachment Process Question?
Why are there so few impeachments in western democracies and so many votes of no confidence?
Why do the people (through their representatives) pay for the police officers' transgressions against the people?
What were the positive and negative effects of the French ISF?
The US Voting System Vulnerabilities, Anti-Fraud, and citizen Assurance of Accuracy
Is the US suffering from legislative paralysis?
Why aren't Republicans more focused on mobilizing a movement towards 'dethroning' Trump?
What are the constitutional and broader implications of today's vote by Parliament, finding that the govt was in contempt?
Has the U.S. Postal Service ever suspended services for a “National Day of Mourning” before?
Why is Lindsey Graham so acerbic against Mohammed bin Salman?
Has Trump previously engaged in speculation about "cultural marxism"?
Do EEA members benefit from EU free trade deals?
How can the common citizen defend democracy principles?
Is the conspiracy theory of "Cultural Marxism" inherently tied to antisemitism?
Why doesn't the Presidential Pardon power extend to State Crimes?
Are all recorded EP votes public?
Are there any known triggers for Avenatti deciding not to run for presidency?
Research on short election cycles influencing political choices?
When is voting bad for democracy?
Is food additive usage unified across the EU (except for traditional foods)?
Can parties usually withdraw unilaterally from treaties? What's unusual about the binding nature of the "Irish backstop" in the Brexit agreement?
Can the president put his own likeness on money?
Congressional closed meeting and transcript release
Credible evidence for Iran arming or funding the Houthi rebels in Yemen?
Can land on another planet be acquired by a person or country, and if so how?
If the UK leaves the EU but joins the EEA, what happens to non-EU trade?
Laws concerning the appearance of US dollars
Why do people think there is a "War on Christmas"?
Public policy for air pollution in India
Could the UK unilaterally "restart the clock" on Brexit?
Legal rationale for detention of Meng Wanzhou by the United States
On average, how many attempts of illegal border crossing, do illegals that are caught do? (US-Mexico border)
Why is it called "State of the Union"? Shouldn't it be "State of the Country"?
Leading of National Assembly in case of absence
As a dual EU citizen, which country should I vote in for european elections?
Would Switzerland's direct democracy survive EU membership?
Why does the European Court of Justice ruling matter to Brexit?
Why do governments of developed countries care about mass protests?
How does the Turkish government have an audio recording of Jamal Khashoggi's killing?
What is the opposite of libertarian?
Why government don't simply make "legally recoqnized" polygamy impossible?
Why do Europeans pay for European products with US Dollar?
Violating sanctions - Individual or institutions held responsible?
What is the relationship between age and political ideology?
What is the meaning of grabbing the mace in the British parliament?
Could the UK Parliament defy the delay on the meaningful vote and simply vote on it?
How does "giving way" in the UK parliament work?
Has Sergei Lukyanenko revealed something about his political opinions since 2012?
If the conservative party is so divided on the (right now) most important topic, why are they not splitting courses?
What if nobody wants the job as leader of the UK Conservative Party?
Deferential attitude at congressional hearings
Why are UK MPs targeting the prime minister and not the deal?
In the UK Conservative party, what happens when a vote of no confidence in the leader fails?
Were the UK opt-outs of the Euro and Schengen enacted via the Ordinary Legislative Procedure?
How does voting in the US Senate work?
No-deal Brexit: What would be the basis for a WTO complaint if goods entering Ireland are checked at Dunkirk?
What makes somebody a mandarin?
How can I find out the laws that the UK has been outvoted on in the European Parliament and the Council of Ministers?
Since climate change is inevitable, why don't governments have plans in place to slowly evacuate citizens from the most affected regions?
Why was Google grilled by congress for prototyping a censored search engine?
Is Trump an isolationist?
Are Senators briefed before hearings?
Are there any electoral systems that give the runner up some office?
If the office of POTUS was obtained illegally, what happens?
Might two countries coordinate balanced tariffs?
What is motivating the Australian government to recognise West Jerusalem as Israel's capital?
How come Jokowi Build Far More Roads than Other Previous Presidents?
Are MEPs intended to vote in the national interest, regional interest, EU interest, or some combination?
Why did the UK not have any post-EU exit deals agreed prior to June 2016?
Why doesn’t the U.S. have a bracketed corporate tax?
Are there any anti-misinformation regulations for political campaigns?
Why is Beto O'Rourke still a US Representative despite not running for re-election to the House?
Why did the UK trigger Article 50 before having a negotiation position?
Are there any states which never had any appointed Senators?
Could a coalition government not include the plurality party?
Why are governments moving away from true visa-free access to pre-authorization systems like the ESTA?
What is importance of the Origination Clause?
Why does the Hungarian government want to allow delaying payment for overtime for such a long time (up to three years)?
Can the UK deal selectively with Ireland post-Brexit without falling afoul of WTO rules?
UK visitor Visa & Brexit
Why can't we just turn back migrants at the US border?
Why would May be against a new referendum?
What if the House of Commons votes no confidence in the Prime Minister?
Local campaign norms?
How long can a vote of no confidence against the prime minister be delayed or avoided?
Why does Virginia allow driving without vehicle liability insurance by paying an "Uninsured Motor Vehicle fee"?
Why did Hungary oppose a refugee support agreement?
Marxism had abolished philosophy. What did Engels mean?
Why does Israel not have an energy producing nuclear power plant?
Could the government eliminate poverty?
Enumeration of different governmental structures?
Why does Spain's government want to increase the minimum wage by such a large percentage at once?
Need of electoral bonds in political funding
What are the advantages/disadvantages of extending full voting rights to resident non-citizens?
Have congressional Republicans taken a position on whether they will give "consent" to the United States Climate Alliance as an interstate compact?
How does Hitler's interpretation of "Nationalist Socialism" relate to the modern interpretation of "Socialism" and "Nationalism"?
Why does nobody consider science or capitalism sacrosanct?
Legally speaking in the United States, could a former president be vice president?
What makes the Global Compact for Migration so controversial?
Is there precedent for a losing candidate to be appointed to the Senate shortly after the election?
Why does the FIRST STEP Act have bipartisan support?
Border Wall GoFundMe - Is It Possible to Donate Money to the Government for a Specific Purpose?
Why would a planned Turkish invasion of Syria motivate US troops' withdrawal?
Why do bills with a veto-proof majority in Congress go to the President?
Why is not allowing homeless people in the streets considered against human rights?
Will there be a border between Ireland and the UK if they can't agree on a deal?
How many dollars does the US Senate bill keeping the gov't open till Feb 8, 2019 authroize?
How does Donald Trump define the word conservative?
Why do some Muslim countries criminalize atheism?
Can't congress override Trump's assumed veto of the temporary spending bill?
Why doesn’t China negotiate trade deals with each state in US?
Will the government shutdown impact federal courts?
Will NORAD Santa tracker be affected by the government shutdown?
Congress's power to Declare War vs Authorization to Use Military Forces (AUMF)
Can the Senate vote again on the bill to fund "The Wall" after the new members of Senate are sworn in?
What sense does it make to describe a halt-of-work caused by the US government itself as it being "shut down"?
Why doesn't the EU collectively establish taxation based on profits gained in a country?
What is the relationship between government expenditure and the quality of life?
Why very few countries/states try taxing and legalizing safe soft drugs?
Why are payment processors politically inserting themselves into Internet police-dom?
What are the true statistics on farm murders in South Africa
In the news, it says "essential" government employees would be required to work without pay. How?
Criticism of Trump's drawdown of forces in Afghanistan, what would be the alternatives?
Why is it frequently claimed that the US 'signed' a given treaty before it's been ratified by Congress?
Does the US "coerce" other countries to criminalize many drugs?
Did the New Economic Policy ever end?
Why is the separation of Kosovo from Serbia treated differently from the breakup of other Yugoslav nations from Belgrade?
Does the US Government shutdown prevent NORAD from tracking Santa?
Evidence in support of highly myopic retrospective voting
How would a libertarian model address widely spread negative externalities (such as CFCs)?
Legislation or Constitutional Amendment needed to prevent Government Shutdowns in the US?
Long term, does Trump's wall cost more than it saves per year?
Why are both global overpopulation and low birth rates in developed countries considered a problem?
What is gained by shutting down the government?
Is there any better estimate of the cost of a completed US-Mexico border wall?
Why did cannabis get legalized first?
Could parts of the UK remain in the EU, and other parts leave?
Why was Switzerland one of the last countries to give women the vote?
What happened to the steam catapult topic?
Missing Headline "Federal employee paid vacation celebrates not funding the wall"
Did EU policy have a significant impact on total number of immigrants in the UK?
Empirically conditional laws
Does the US President have the legal authority to unilaterally close the country’s borders?
Why is presidential approval needed for Congress to end a war it did not approve?
If the elected UK parliament falls into disarray, can the reigning monarch take over?
Why don't the Democrats make a deal to give Trump his border wall in exchange for campaign finance reform?
Why are public institutions perceived as being inefficient?
What is the majority of 65?
What is the rationale of capping interbanking rates to values significantly lower than inflation rate?
Is there an international consensus about Privacy vs Security (How Much Data Should We Collect?)
Allocation of government revenue for campaign spending
Is the NBIB affected by the 2018-2019 government shutdown?
Does liberal democracy require a significant amount of free-will in order to function?
Would the Parliament of the United Kingdom have the legal power to change the monarchy?
Difference between Islamism and Political Islam
How does a shutdown end if an agreement is never reached?
Why is the UK government awarding contracts for extra ferry services?
Why does a US government shutdown have a specific beginning time?
Why are dams so controversial in Pakistan?
Why are Republicans (Trump, Graham) going all-in on border security funding when they most likely won't get it?
How do Brexiteers interpret Trump's insistence on a wall?
Will the UK still have to pay the EU under No-Deal Brexit?
What caused the political interest in recreational substance control in the 1930s?
Why does Trump say he is ready for the shutdown to go on for years, as if he has a say in the matter?
How many Republicans from non-Democratic states would have to side with Democrats to override Trump’s veto?
What are the Republicans' arguments for blaming the Democrats for the shutdown?
What happens if the House passes an identical CR to the one the Senate recently passed?
Why is the Senate leader allowed to decide which bills to vote on?
How can the Senate remove the majority leader?
What happens to government workers who had applied for days off during the shutdown period?
Is government shutdown US specific?
What approaches are advocated for a greater Mongolia given that ethnic Mongols might be a minority?
Is Arab Nationalism relevant today?
If conservatives don't like government, why don't they like the shutdown?
How long does it take to count votes in different voting systems?
Ethical AI - why are people discussing governance of AI and inclusion of ethics?
What happens if a government shutdown lasts long enough for the current appropriations for essential services to run out?
Do any members of Congress support a British-style socialized healthcare system?
PAYGO rules vs the PAYGO act of 2010
How many Americans are actually uninsured?
How frequently do prime time presidential addresses occur?
What anti-semitic slur did Rashida Tlaib use?
What exactly constitutes a "religious test" as defined in the US Constitution?
Would it be possible for US asylum applicants to be processed in their home countries?
Why is Economically Weaker Section not considered backward under Art 15 and Art 16 by Supreme Court?
Can a parliamentary system function properly with a prime minister acting as both head of government and head of state?
How To Remove A Senator or Representative
Why is minimum wage not tied to the cost of living?
Who are the 'establishment' in US Politics and what is their agenda?
Would a Government who lose the confidence of the House really delay an election until after the event over which that confidence was lost transpires?
What rule has John Bercow allegedly broken and in what way shall he have done that?
Can the Government enact the withdrawal bill without parliament's approval?
Has CPB developed metrics for the ability to assess the contribution of fencing to border security?
Why did Trump willingly take blame for shutdown?
Are there any assumptions on how long the US government shutdown is bearable for the unpaid employees?
Have a large number of Congressmen announced voluntary retirement like they did after the 2016 elections?
Are there any details as to where the $5,710,357,000 to fund part of Trump's wall would come from?
Can the Vice President force the Senate to vote on something?
Is it possible for the UK to be a member of the EFTA and CPTPP simultaneously?
Why were US Congresional election results regularly overturned in the early 20th century?
Removal of legislators who fail to discharge accepted manifesto commitments
Mexico indirectly paying for the wall
What percentage of Trump supporters believed that Mexico will literally pay for the construction of the border wall?
Has anyone posed the argument that the 'wall' could potentially be used to keep Americans in against their will?
The ethics on darwinism and social darwinism
Can collectivist economics co-exist with Individual rights?
Is there a "healthy" value / interval for unemployment rate?
Regarding the Economically Weaker Section ( EWS ) 10% quota approved by the Indian Parliament
Is there a list of all or major US federal expenditures that are funded specially?
Did Trump's administration ever explain why they gave up on their plan to force Mexico to pay for the wall using the Patriot Act?
Why is a border wall such a polarising issue in American politics?
What is the strategy of UK's universities for a post-Brexit world?
Why is 3/4 of the US federal government unaffected by a shutdown?
Have any third parties used Maine or Arizona's public financing in their campaigns?
Government collects environmental protection charges. Why?
Sanctions on countries with legal but cruel punishments
Legal basis of religion for Citizenship Amendment Bill
Is the GUE-NGL unwilling to advise against Brexit? If so, why?
Can state governments be overthrown without national government involvement?
What did Frank Herbert mean when he said “humans do not have equal ability”, concerning equality?
The right in which people have to own property when the natural order prevents it
Power of the House of Representatives
What percentage of Obama and Bush's speeches were aired?
How does the electoral college give smaller states more of a voice?
If Democrats are opposed to the shutdown due to the excessive costs of the wall, why do they accept costs of shutdown?
Will brexit affect (and if so, how?) orphan drugs?
How long can a president keep a government shutdown?
How to convey poll results with shifting demographics?
Why is "poldering" seemingly such an alien idea in the US (and other countries)?
Why don't teachers unions lobby to pay off unfunded pension liabilties?
Why does there not seem to be more support for state-specific border walls in the US?
Budget reconciliation for border wall?
What if incumbent president is defeated in re-election, and resigns before Jan 20?
Has Trump's administration ever explained why they didn't "build the wall" before the midterms?
Is espionage internationally tolerated?
What happens if the shutdown continues until election season?
Can we accurately model history and predict political outcomes in software?
Did Trump ever explain why he wants to make Mexico pay for the wall?
Senate bypass Majority Leader
Have members of Congress missed a paycheck during this shutdown?
How did Mexico react publicly to the suggestion it would pay for Trump's border wall?
Does the Brexit deal being voted down imply that Brexit is not going to happen?
Why do Republicans want tax cuts but also increase government spending and reduce deficit?
Is gun control in line with EU's principle of subsidiarity?
Has there ever been a larger UK Parliamentary defeat than on Brexit tonight?
Does China interfere with commercial shipping passing through the Taiwan Straits?
What would a delayed Brexit mean for the 2019 European Parliament election?
Why are May's failures such a big deal? Won't a Brexit-deal 100 % be made anyways?
What is capitalism's answer to constant economic growth hitting the limit of the planet's finite resources?
Is there a geographic component to support for Trump's wall?
Have own MPs ever voted against the government in a no confidence vote?
Does a President have to be sworn in by a SCOTUS justice, if not then who has that authority?
Can a single ballot be used to vote on several proposals?
Can the Speaker of the House of Representatives disinvite the President to the State of the Union address?
Does "government" mean something different in British and American English?
Why doesn't funding for U.S. government services simply continue at its previous level if a new budget can't be passed?
What leverage do U.S. federal workers' unions have?
Can the UK revoke Article 50 to reinvoke it later?
Do citizens' assemblies "work"?
Why would the UK government be reluctant to rule out a no-deal Brexit?
How did Theresa May remain PM after her Brexit deal was rejected?
Can Congress end the government shutdown without the President's agreement?
How many people actually visit MPs surgeries?
Are the "security concerns" for the State of the Union legitimate?
Why is it assumed that higher taxation leads to reduced incentives?
President as Commander-in-Chief vs Speaker of the House
Would it be illegal for the UK to negotiate a trade deal with the EU while still a member?
Can the President of the United States spend private money on official events in the White House?
Why does Jokowi intend to release Abu Bakr Baasyir from prison?
What do recent polls show the British people want from Brexit?
Why do Republicans prefer President Trump to President Pence?
What is the logic behind the impeachment process in the USA?
Has Tucker Carlson identified with distributist thinkers?
Would the UK have to pay anything to the EU in case of a no-deal Brexit?
How does the Mueller investigation compare with former investigations in terms of length of time, money spent, and indictments?
Pensions of British EU Civil Service in Theresa May's brexit deal
Is there a name for sanctioned populations turning against their own governments rather than turning against the sanctioning power?
Can the US Congress allocate funds conditionally?
What is the next portion of the US government that will be shutdown?
Are EFTA migration rules substantively different to EU migration rules?
Who is counted for representation in the US Congress?
Does extending Article 50 legally require a new set date?
Is there a way to see a list of amendments to a proposed directive?
Does the 1997 FTA between the EU and Mexico reduce tariffs to zero, or simply agree to reciprocity?
Why does the Common Agricultural Policy exist?
How could a wealth tax (not income tax) be implemented to make evasion difficult?
How does a minority motion in the House of Commons take priority over Government business?
What are valid criticisms of how Theresa May has approached Brexit?
How nobility status affect modern Britain's social and power structures?
Are there any examples of electoral bonds or similar instruments usage in the Western democracies?
How is Northern Ireland currently being governed with its executive vacant and its legislature suspended?
Do non-working, non-essential US Gov't employees get back paid for time not worked?
Has any elected politician apologized for supporting the Women's March?
Which investigations against Trump are getting delayed due to the government shutdown? (if any)
Has Ma'ruf Amin given any reason why he wants Abu Bakr Baasyir freed?
Why are constituency members and list members elected under MMP/AMS paid the same salary?
Why do dictators give such long speeches?
Did any EU27 politician oppose appointing Barnier as Brexit negotiator for the EU?
How much authority did EU member governments give to the EU during the negotiations of the JCPOA?
Does GATT Article 24 mean that a transitional tariff regime is permitted if the UK leaves the EU without a negotiated exit arrangement?
What fiscal backbone is there for employees who are now on "leave without pay" due to government shutdown?
What agencies are affected by government shutdown?
Have the UK Government reached an agreement with the EU on flights in a no deal scenario?
What is the nature of the Cooper/Boles amendment and what are the implications?
Why are the Greek nationalists against resolving the name dispute and calling FYROM "North Macedonia"?
Is Turkey in “the” EU Customs Union?
Why do some people believe that antisemiticism means hostility to, prejudice, or discrimination exclusively against Jews?
Are there any theories as to why there is so little public outcry about the US government shutdown?
Why do Russia, China and Cuba support the Maduro government in Venezuela?
What does Zimbabwe need to do to become a colony again?
Why is Fox News the most viewed news channel in the US?
Why do some German MPs hold cards up whenever there is a vote in the Bundestag?
What "certain conditions" are applicable on Henry George Theorem?
Can the Speaker of the House of Reps be replaced?
Freedom of movement directive after a hard Brexit
Is it typical for candidates to change their looks based on voter profiles?
Why does the UK have to pay EU staff pensions if the EU have been collecting pensions contributions?
What sort of assistance has Russia provided to back up Venezuelan leaders during previous periods of instability?
Given the president supports a "clean" CR, when can the US federal government reopen?
Does anything prevent essential government employees from quitting during the shutdown?
Would it be plausible to solve the Irish Border issue by unifying Ireland?
Are there substantial consensus results on the political causes and/or consequences of economic inequality in political science?
Is Chomsky's "standard technique of privatization" historically accurate?
How does Donald Trump shut the government down?
Implications of Martial Law in the UK
Did the US encourage the 2002 military coup against Chavez?
Is the appointing of a Government by the leader of the party that wins a General Election merely a convention?
Is there any precedent for refusing to withdraw an ambassador on grounds of illegitimacy?
Why did the renaming process of the Karl-Marx-Allee street in Berlin back to its prewar name fail?
What is the most effective way to participate democratically as a regular citizen in a stable parliamentary democracy?
How to donate to most likely minor party congressional candidate in the US?
EU plans for UK-Ireland border in case of no-deal brexit
How is Juan Guaido able to claim the Presidency of Venezuela without an election?
What personal identification documents does the British Royal Family have?
How much power does the Senate Majority Leader have?
What would be the repercussions if Venezuela defaulted on Russia's loan?
Are EU Parliament speeches re-translated to minimize "lost in translation"?
How feasible is the green new deal?
Who would become the US President if a fictional character like Cthulhu is elected?
What specific FBI policy/procedure required 29 FBI agents and 17 vehicles sent to arrest Roger Stone?
Democratic legitimacy in the Westminster system
Are Americans allowed to use deadly force against illegal immigrants?
What is a "government by techology" called?
Do members of the royal family need permission to talk to people on the phone?
Why does the Green New Deal push for green energy but not for nuclear energy?
What does it mean to "leave the backstop"?
Are WTO rules benign and easy to live with?
Has there been a decline in EU-skepticism since Brexit?
What if a President-elect is found to be an invalid candidate?
Why does the Department of State contain the word "state"?
Who voted for anonymity in the vote on transparency in the European Parliament?
Are there rules about the position an MP should take on an issue?
The contract of an MP
Who sets US tariffs, Congress or the executive branch?
Anti-deceptive electioneering law
Is the US Congress more divided now than early on?
If a US Supreme Court Justice is physically unable to work, are any mechanisms in place to choose their successor?
What happens to the money during a government shutdown?
What is the reform mechanism of the European Union?
Did the Lisbon Treaty to some degree encode directives that were already in effect, and simply move them into treaty law?
How much money did the United States spend on the Iraq war, and how much money did US oil companies gain as a result of the new Iraqi constitution?
Post 1999 will anyone be entitled to sit in the House of Lords by heredity alone?
Why is the status of Gibraltar considered disputed (by some)?
Can the Virginia State Government have a public referendum on 3rd trimester abortion: simply yea or nay?
Why doesn't the U.K. just revoke its Article 50 withdrawal?
Is there any research on when voters made their mind up in the Brexit referendum campaign?
Do polls indicate support for post-Brexit freer trade?
How do "originalist" interpreters of the constitution cope with the 2nd amendment?
What happens if the state delegations tie on a presidential vote?
Why does France have systematic difficulties in obtaining a budget deficit below 3%?
The philosophy of technocracy
What are the alternatives of bluffing as a political tactic?
How is fishing in the European Union structured?
The European Commission proposal to end the veto on tax policy
How can a country get a street / square / park in another country named after an important figure?
Are there any restrictions to the claims politicians can make?
Can European Union Commissioners be members of political parties?
How exactly does a primary election in Israel (specifically Likud) work?
Where can I find the full text of the Brady amendment voted by the UK House of Commons on 29 Jan 2019?
Why would big countries like the UK tolerate their own tax havens?
How are leveling seats chosen in Germany's Bundestag chosen?
Is there an EU law that prevents repair of electrical devices?
What are the arguments for the militarisation of the European Union?
Are UN peacekeeping operations decided via unanimity?
How can memos within a committee comply with open meeting laws?
Who commands Operation Sophia?
What is Maduro's approval among Venezuelan expatriates?
Has a member of the British royal family ever run for Prime Minister of the UK?
On what basis is matériel used in EU military operations?
Arrest a Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court?
Is the concept of nation explicitly ethnic?
What is a corporate embassy and how does it compare to a normal one?
How are the President and Vice Presidents of the European Commission appointed?
What type of employees are "obliged to join a union as a condition of employment" in New York?
Does running dead happen in elections outside of Australia?
Are Russian, North Korean and other countries' show of strength aimed for a domestic or international audience?
What’s the point of triumvirate, as political regime?
Why does Norway use the word "returned" instead of "elected"?
Why is having a NATO missile-defense launch system such a big deal for Russia?
Difference between "Department of ..." and "... Department"
Money bills cannot be sent back by president in India's parliamentary system
Why is the EU not happy with the euro usage in Montenegro
Private schedules of Donald Trump: What does "RON" in diary stand for?
What does the US have to gain by other countries not being socialist or communist?
Why is violence against media not prosecuted in the US?
Can the US states veto Congress legislation?
Congressional oaths of office
Are around 50,000 jobs in the US government/administration replaced after a switch from Democrats/Republican in the presidential election?
To what extent is a US political presidential candidate compromised by PAC funding?
Libertarians and vaccines
Population growth must be slowed to avoid catastrophic climate change: anybody saying this?
Why doesn't Russia build more missile defense systems instead of complaining about NATO's systems?
How did Nixon's resignation affect the voters who had supported him?
Is immigration connected to Brexit?
Why would a US armed forces branch not give back a property (it took over during wartime) for free?
Why is Cap-and-trade considered a solution to Global Warming?
How will brexit affect the British export and import?
Why are right-wing politicians in the US typically pro-Israel?
Paying people not to vote at all
What could happen to Scotland after Brexit?
How is the individual person affected by economic changes as a result of Brexit?
Which countries will get mostly affected by brexit because of economical issues if brexit is decided to happen?
Is there a benefit to limiting immigration to the UK?
Why is has the US not "followed through" with secularisation after the hippie movement?
Does antisemitism in the US correlate with (non-)religiosity?
Has any person/group ever actively campaigned to switch to an opt out policy for organ donation in the US?
How does a state of National Emergency affect/empower the government & citizens of the United States?
Is there a correlation between US oil imports and the US-Saudi Arabia arms deal?
Do two-thirds of Americans believe that Congress needs to act on a climate crisis?
How does gender status impact access to political resources?
Why would a company invest in American infrastructure based on one administration?
If the 25th amendment gets revoked?
Condorcet winner possible without ballots available?
What are the countries that will be most affected by a no-deal Brexit in the short-term?
How does an independence referendum work?
How is Brexit affecting the interactions between citizens?
How could the European immigration politics be affected by Brexit?
Does international law allow for recognising a different government than the one having operational control?
What concessions did India make to get jets 9% cheaper in the Rafale deal
Press conference by SC judges
Can a nation rely on trading under WTO rules as a default position?
Why doesn't the Chinese Communist Party induct everyone into the party?
How long will a state of emergency need to be declared for Trump to build the wall
What do Democrats mean when they call a wall or barrier "immoral"?
Why are so few immigrants being processed at the southern border?
Why didn't Trump just call a national emergency before?
Does the number of constituencies in First Past The Post system affect the strength of third parties?
Trump said he didn't "need" to call a national emergency. How does this affect (if it all) his court chances?
What obligations does a state have to assist its citizens, when they are in a country with no embassy?
What are the requirements for a Democratic nomination in primaries?
Wording to request support for Bill stuck in US House committee?
Is candidate anonymity at all practical?
Who funds the Global Public Policy Initiative?
What exactly is "Human Capitalism" and does it conflict with the function of capitalism?
How quickly could a motion be passed to alter minimum age for POTUS?
In what ways economy influence slavery and end of it?
Would the Green New Deal result in socialism?
Some of the people in my town pay no taxes, what can I do about it?
What is the likely next step if three states ratify the Equal Rights Amendment after the deadline?
Does Chomsky anywhere reinterpret his Propaganda Model in the light of the new media landscape?
Why is Bernie Sanders maximum accepted donation on actblue $5600?
What is Montana worth?
What safeguards has the DNC added to prevent a situation like what they did to Bernie Sanders in the last election (2016)?
What specific rule(s) prevent US congressional offices from using campaign datasets while doing outreach campaigns?
Can an EU member state recall or change their nominated commissioner mid-way through a term?
What did Bernie Sanders do with all the cash from his 2016 campaign?
Are there any sources that quantify the liberal democracy shrinkage / recession?
Is the EU Settlement Scheme precluded on the passing of the Withdrawal Agreement?
Can the European Council dismiss the European Commission at any time?
Was the Corwin Amendment's use of the term "domestic institutions" intended to apply to more than just slavery?
Would the Founding Fathers have supported an inheritance tax?
What did Putin say about a US deep state in his state-of-the-nation speech; what has he said in the past?
Have the UK Conservatives lost the working majority and if so, what does this mean?
Has a British political party ever had more women MPs than men before The Independent Group?
Does India have something similar to a referendum proposition?
Why is it that Bernie Sanders is always called a "socialist"?
Is the UK legally prevented from having another referendum on Brexit?
Will the Withdrawal Agreement result in a treaty?
Sanctioning an entity vs an individual via UNSC Resolution 1267
Why are property rights considered negative rights?
What is the statistical chance, that in this election cycle, the incumbent will be replaced by the insurgent?
Spitzenkandidaten and nominating Commissioners
Can a city in Colorado decide to legalize more drugs?
Is immigrating to capitalist west countries inconsistent with leftist ideas?
What are other samples of states/provinces/governments that are governed like private companies now?
Where can I find the number of U.S. illegal border crossings versus visa overstays?
Democratic Socialism vs Social Democracy
Why do governments encourage saving resources instead of simply raising the price on them?
Does the US government have any planning in place to ensure there's no shortages of food, fuel, steel and other commodities?
Government Schemes - Indian Context
Surgical strikes by India
What are the consequences of MP's resigning from Government
Why is Facebook not restricted by the U.S. government to be politically neutral, like the U.S. Army, for example?
Does the headquarters of the Democratic National Committee have a museum or is it just offices?
What will happen if Parliament votes "no" on each of the Brexit-related votes to be held on the 12th, 13th and 14th of March?
Has Britain negotiated with any other countries outside the EU in preparation for the exit?
For what reasons does India not provide proof that it attacked terrorists on Pakistani soil?
Why did Democrats in the Senate oppose the Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act (2019 S.130)?
Does the IAF have 1000 kg smart bombs?
To which extent can the French president bypass the parliament using decrees?
Does the FBI accept applicants with any job background?
How does Nord Stream II project fit with Ukraine-EU relationship?
Have any organisations said they will definitely benefit from a no-deal Brexit?
Why does the western world consider Jaish-e-Mohammed as a terrorist group (as opposed to insurgents)?
What is the difference between a one party state & non-partisan democracy?
Where have most of the accusations of antisemitism in the labour party come from?
Facing land grabbing issues, can we say China is a colonialist power or an imperialist one?
Can a person refuse a presidential pardon?
Is the timing of the US-North-Korea summit in Vietnam and Michael Cohen's testimony in Congress coincidence?
How has the division of power worked, between govt and parliament, in modern Britain?
If a person accepts a presidential pardon, can they be forced to talk about the crimes they were pardoned of?
What's the rationale behind the objections to these measures against human trafficking?
Are there serious proponents of post birth abortion?
Has Nigel Farage ever responded to his "Unfinished Business" quote?
Why do members of Congress in committee hearings ask witnesses the same question multiple times?
Pakistan's obligation to return captured pilot, where in the Geneva Convention?
Why aren't there any protectorate anymore?
Why would citizens of a country crave warfare against a nation that holds nuclear weapons?
What actions can the Attorney-General take to clean up corrupt practises between the media & politics in Israel?
What are US regulators doing about surveillance capitalism?
What are the motivations for being against the latest House Bill on Gun Reform?
How quick could congress impeach and remove a president from office?
Why was SNC-Lavalin not offered a remediation agreement?
Maduro's disputed election as Venezuela president
Is Russia interfering in Catalonian process?
Has a person invited by a politician ever criticized them?
Why did Bush enact a completely different foreign policy to that which he espoused during the 2000 Presidential election campaign?
What are the great modern achievements of political science?
Aren't, in practice, the executive and legislative powers oftentimes nearly unified?
Why are there protests when Abdelaziz Bouteflika was announced as candidate to presidential elections in Algeria?
What is the oldest "true" democracy?
What procedure must one go through to expand the SCOTUS?
What were the names of political movements championing small institutions over large institutions (instead of conventional left vs. right spectrum)?
What's the aim of the National Emergency disapproval vote?
How can half agree with the 3 percent of research that can't
To what extent did the elections of Ilhan Omar and Rashida Tlaib reflect a "Sanders effect"?
How does insurance birth control work in the United States?
How does GDPR affect raising signatures to be able to be a candidate party for an election?
I, a UK citizen, part own a company in the EU. What happens after Brexit?
How are subpoena'd documents physically created?
How effective are ports of entry in detecting smuggled drugs?
What are the differences between the Trump Adminstration's official position on the West Bank and previous administrations'?
Why can't we use freedom of speech and expression to incite people to rebel against government in India?
How does the European Parliament assess if a person represents a security risk or not?
Ancient Concept of Government and Modern Government
Does the US political system, in principle, allow for a no-party system?
What is the neutral way to establish a Democracy?
Why is America politically allied with Israel?
What is the rationale for a government trying to block one of its citizens for becoming EU prosecutor?
Why restrict private health insurance?
A vote on the Brexit backstop
Decision about cultural appropriation by tribal government
Are there political proposals to jail/fine parents of a minor guilty of murder?
Why did South African soldiers choose EO over UNITA?
Under what conditions can the right to remain silent be revoked in the USA?
Why did most European countries adopt the proportional voting system?
Has Donald Trump made any statements that are considered homophobic?
What type of political instruments can a government use in order to keep housing rental prices in check?
Why the color red for the Republican Party
Why is the US increasing its oil exports in recent years after protecting its oil reserves for a long time?
Can "Fake News" impact an election and did it affect people in the 2016 US Election?
Why are South Korean content laws so strict?
Can defense acquisitions by countries be kept secret?
How do landlocked countries, like Ethiopia, deal with trade?
Can Brexit be canceled by leaders without parliamentary support?
Are huge donations to political campaigns truly useful and a sensible investment?
Did India break any international law or UN charter by violating LoC and Pakistan's airspace?
What was John Huber tasked by Jeff Sessions with reviewing?
Is PRI still the dominant political party in Mexico?
Henry Kissinger and the International Criminal court
Why doesn't the EU now just force the UK to choose between referendum and no-deal?
Why doesn't the EU invade the UK and put a puppet government in place?
Ban on all campaign finance?
"Order! Order!" Is this the only call the Speaker of the House of Commons is allowed when calling for MPs attention?
Brexit Amendments
Why consider permanent DST instead of Standard Time?
How did Super PACs affect the magnitude of election spending by wealthy individuals, and why?
Implication of governmental taxes
Pardons and Sealed indictment
Instead of a Universal Basic Income program, why not implement a "Universal Basic Needs" program?
Why China is blocking ban on Notable Terrorist Masood Azhar?
Why was there a sudden arrival of a million immigrants in Hungary in 2015?
Are there any countries with specific legislation or policy on the rights of strong AI?
How to explain the importance of European Parliament elections to a regular folk living in Eastern Europe?
What options are left, if Britain cannot decide?
What is the deadline if the UK wishes to apply for an extension to Article 50?
Can an Article 50 extension take effect pending approval from national states?
Is there a majority (in the UK parliament) in favour of a 'soft' brexit that can't be realised because it is split across the two main parties?
Why is some Russian asbestos bound for the US stamped with Donald Trump's face?
The backstop in the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Bill
Brexit - No Deal Rejection
What is the difference between the UK red lines and hard Brexit?
What is an arch-remainer or arch-leaver?
How do vetoes affect re-votes in US Congress?
Were national assembly MPs ever sent as MEPs without an election after 1979?
Has the NSA PRISM program ever actually caught a terrorist?
Why high courts decisions do not also immediately issue the motivation for their decisions?
What does "breaking up" a company mean?
Climate change: what is the point of protesting?
Terrorist vs Lone wolf
What happens if the border wall resolution veto is not overridden by Congress?
Why is the President allowed to veto a cancellation of emergency powers?
Why has the Tibetan cause gained more traction in the West, than other similar causes?
What is the origin of the narrative regarding Ottomans in the non-Muslim world?
Conscription rights if UK Locked in Backstop
How would the Northern Ireland Backstop impact the possibility of treaty change in the rest of the EU?
How much of an influence did Port Arthur have on New Zealand?
Could the police be sued for failing to protect citizens in countries where gun ownership is severely restricted?
What do perpetrators of one off acts of politically motivated violence hope to achieve
What is it called when someone votes for an option that's not their first choice?
Is there a reason why the U.S. Senate, unlike most upper chambers in liberal democracies, is still co-equal to the lower chamber?
Is Thailand allowing international observers for its 2019 general election?
Constitutionally, how is the Thai Prime Minister chosen?
How can an Australian Senator be removed from office?
Has North Korea made any statement on the alleged attack on its embassy in Madrid?
Could Sinn Fein swing any Brexit vote in Parliament?
What is the difference between something being completely legal and being completely decriminalized?
Why US is opposing International Criminal Court?
In the backstop position will the UK be able to negotiate FTAs?
What happens in transfer of technology in defence deals
Why is participating in the European Parliamentary elections used as a threat?
Terry stop without reasonable suspicion (police hunch)
US presidents that weren't on every states' ballots
A. B, C, or D statistical voting placement on ballot?
In the event of Brexit being postponed beyond the EU elections, will UK voters in EU countries be eligible to participate?
Who votes to extend Brexit's deadline?
Why is a "hard border" between Ireland and Northern Ireland such a problem for EU/UK negotiations around brexit?
Is there a survey of the public opinion whether no-deal is preferable to the November deal?
Can the US government force purchase student loan bonds?
What would a revoked Brexit after the 2019 EU parliament elections mean for the European Parliament?
Why can't the Brexit deadlock in the UK parliament be solved with a plurality vote?
Why is an extension of Article 50 needed if a deal gets accepted?
How confused is the UK public about the meaning of a no-deal Brexit?
Could a UK political party place a Three Line Whip on all votes in Parliament?
What did it used to mean when Sinn Fein threatened with "grave implications"?
Were three-line whips more (or less) common before the Fixed-term Parliaments Act?
How intensively has FvD campaigned for or against The Netherlands exiting the EU?
Shouldn’t conservatives embrace universal basic income?
Doesn't the system of the Supreme Court oppose justice?
Why should universal income be universal?
Among all parties in Parliament, is there sufficient support for a hard border in the Irish Sea?
Analogy of Brexit Negotiations as a Poker Game
Whose support is needed for May to win the vote?
What reason(s) have UK politicians given for not wanting another referendum on whether the UK should exit the EU or not?
What would the process look like for adopting Ranked Choice (in particular, instant-runoff) Voting in the US?
Electoral considerations aside, what are potential benefits, for the US, of policy changes proposed by the tweet recognizing Golan annexation?
What can be achieved by the Revoke Article 50 petition at this point?
Does the UK parliament need to pass secondary legislation to accept the Article 50 extension
Why did the EU agree to delay the Brexit deadline?
Is there any mechanism to remove a UK Prime Minister on the grounds of 'insanity'?
Where would Geoism be placed on a political compass?
Contesting from multiple places
What is the evidence for the "tyranny of the majority problem" in a direct democracy context?
Can the US President recognize Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights for the USA or does that need an act of Congress?
Further indictments in special counsel Mueller's report
Can a US president censor a special counsel report
Universal basic facilities
Freedom of speech and where it applies
Was the Walsh special counsel report (on the Iran Contra) released completely uncensored?
Scales or real-world ideals of deliberative democracy?
Can somebody explain Brexit in a few child-proof sentences?
U.S. and Turkey geopolitical relationship
Are there parliamentary republics where Supreme Court appointments are decided exclusively by the Parliament and the government?
Can the Supreme Court overturn an impeachment?
What arguments do proponents of the second amendment use to conclude that gun ownership helps protect the people against the government?
What are the modern arguments for Communism?
European news sources similar to The Guardian?
Is it true that terrorists prefer bombs to other weapons?
Is there an Impartial Brexit Deal comparison site?
What are the arguments in favour of Brexit?
Is NAFTA currently in effect, and/or will it be in effect should the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) fail?
Who must act to prevent Brexit on March 29th?
Why is the Letwin Amendment so-called?
What prevents a country from increasing its welfare budget in a vicious cycle as the percentage of citizens on government assistance approaches 50+%?
Why does John Bercow say “unlock” after reading out the results of a vote?
Can UK MPs vote on the same motion twice?
Why doesn't US use military force to retrieve citizens from North Korea?
What would happen if the UK refused to take part in EU Parliamentary elections?
How did Roger Douglas convince the labour party to carry a liberal economic reform?
Does the vote in favor of Article 13 affect Stack Exchange?
Can EU member states reject the new copyright legislation?
Will Britain be exempt from Article 13 if Brexit passes?
EU directives during the transition period in May's Brexit deal
Did US vice president Pence say anything close to "by any means necessary"?
How unprecedented is for MPs to take control of the parliamentary timetable?
Who in the US actually "sends" astronauts to the Moon? The executive or the legislative branch?
How many times was Standing Order 14 amended?
European elections and the UK
If an EU member state expands, is EU recognition over the new territory automatic?
What happens to EU trade deals with Brexit
Did President Trump ever answer questions on obstruction to Mueller?
How does the UK government determine the size of a mandate?
Has John Huber interviewed any witnesses in his review?
Why didn't Theresa May consult with Parliament before negotiating a deal with the EU?
Is Queen Elizabeth II a national of each of the Commonwealth realms?
Why are there no referendums in the US?
Is it common to order cabinet members to abstain?
Why do laws prohibit possession and usage of narcotics separately?
What Brexit proposals are on the table in the indicative votes on the 27th of March 2019?
Can the Queen still cancel Brexit?
Does domestic or international law take precedence in the UK?
Does the Brexit deal have to be agreed by both Houses?
What is the point of a new vote on May's deal when the indicative votes suggest she will not win?
What is the difference between Theresa May's Withdrawal Agreement and its associated Political Declaration?
Full Communism & rare items/collectibles
Did all 27 other EU member states need to approve the extension of A50?
In the Caroline Spelman amendment - what happened?
Can a Brexit deal be accepted after Brexit?
What is the mechanism of legal action of the motion tomorrow on the Withdrawal Agreement?
How does the Letwin Amendment work technically?
Could the UK have simply left on the 29th March given that it was encoded in the Withdrawal Act?
Is Bercow still an MP obligated to representing his district?
Why is the US ranked as #45 in Press Freedom ratings, despite its extremely permissive free speech laws?
Why do American farmers buy tractors from John Deere?
If/When UK leaves the EU, can a future goverment conduct a referendum to join the EU?
Why does the UK parliament need a vote on the political declaration?
What would happen if the UK parliment voted through the deal, but blocked the declaration?
Do freedom-of-information laws increase corruption?
What was the 2016 presidential scandal in South Korea about?
Did Leopoldo Lopez take part in a coup against Hugo Chavez?
Is the 'Festival of Great Britain and Northern Ireland' related to Brexit?
Why has the US not been more assertive in confronting Russia in recent years?
Has any of the top US media/press criticized the US president Mr. Trump for recognizing the Golan Heights as Israeli lands?
Running a General Election and the European Elections together
Why doesn't UK go for the same deal Japan has with EU to resolve Brexit?
Explanations for the large rebound in EU-Russia trade in 2017?
How is the prosecution of SNC-Lavalin risking 9000 jobs?
Why doesn't Colorado legalize other drugs?
Why isn't the Mueller report being released completely and unredacted?
How do the PM, Secretaries of State and the Speaker of the House of Commons help their constituents?
Is French Guiana a (hard) EU border?
How could May pull off a 4th vote on her Brexit deal?
What political barriers prevent the legalization of Marihuana on the federal level in the United States?
Is there a law that makes a higher than 50% result on referendum binding?
Did Michel Barnier and Leo Varadkar say that "no deal", there won't be a hard border between the Irelands?
Why didn't Mueller have to submit a report to Congress?
Can a traditional nonconnected PAC spend money to support or oppose state ballot measures?
What would be the main consequences for a country leaving the WTO?
Why is the focus so much on health care coverage in the US - as opposed to privatization?
Why shouldn’t citizens in India elect their president?
What's Common Market 2.0 / Norway Plus?
Are British MPs missing the point, with these 'Indicative Votes'?
Advantages of Norway plus Brexit deal (aka Common Market 2.0)?
Does a libertarian party make the US more or less libertarian?
Direct Implications Between USA and UK in Event of No-Deal Brexit
What exactly is ineptocracy?
In the UK, is it possible to get a referendum by a court decision?
Why is it a bad idea to hire a hitman to eliminate most corrupt politicians?
What reasons are there for a Capitalist to oppose a 100% inheritance tax?
What happened to the proposal that Airbnb and similar businesses should report client data directly to the Norwegian Tax Administration?
What is the motivation for a specifically $15 per hour minimum wage?
Is there a runoff in the Chicago Mayoral elections when one candidate gets a majority in the first round?
Why is the gender pay gap quoted at 20% even though it's lower when controlling for variables?
Do Senate committees really ever interview low-level nominees?
Why is the Gravina Island bridge held up as an example of wasteful pork-barrel spending?
How does having to sign to support someone for elections fit with having a secret ballot?
Why is healthcare a federal issue and not a state issue
Are the SNP frontbenchers in the UK Parliament?
If the opposition wins a No Confidence vote in the week of April 8, 2019, could they stop No Deal?
Official reason for postponing announcing the Thai election result?
Why is consensus so controversial in Britain?
What are the disadvantages for federalizing the European Union?
Did the IG’s office say its audit of the use of Confidential Human Sources was prompted by Trump?
Would slavery reparations be considered Bills of Attainder and hence Illegal in the US?
Do UK voters know if their MP will be the Speaker of the House?
Can Theresa May easily circumvent the Yvette Cooper bill?
Effectiveness of wealth-adjusted basic income?
What happens if EU chooses a prosecutor that is not allowed to leave her country?
Wealth disparity in India
Why do UK MPs give way?
Which UK politicians claimed that German car makers would ensure a good Brexit deal for the UK?
Manifesto Preparation by Political parties in India
What are the reasons for buying weapon systems from other countries?
UK: Is there precedent for the government's e-petition site changing the direction of a government decision?
Is there any impact of voting for a list that will not get any representation?
Why does the EU insist on the backstop when it is clear in a no deal scenario they still intend to keep an open border?
Which country benefited the most from UN Security Council vetoes?
Was any UN Security Council vote triple-vetoed?
Why are 150k or 200k jobs considered good when there are 300k+ births a month?
Saudi nuclear reactor "identified" in satellite images
Is worker ownership considered one of the "schools" of socialist economic thought?
What dictates the order of languages used by the UN?
Has the BBC provided arguments for saying Brexit being cancelled is unlikely?
Why are drinking laws so strict in the USA?
What is a "confirmatory" referendum in the context of Brexit?
Was the referendum on the Good Friday Agreement called "confirmatory" at the time?
Do any Labour MPs support no-deal?
What's Hans-Olaf Henkel's position on the EU?
Is EU Single Market membership part of the backstop?
Could a US political party gain complete control over the government by removing checks & balances?
What Brexit solution does the DUP want?
Why do UK politicians seemingly ignore opinion polls on Brexit?
Failure of Ujjwala Scheme (LPG subsidies) in India
Can people use the Maori language instead of English for New Zealand citizenship?
Is repealing the EU Withdrawal Act a precondition of revoking Article 50?
Do any democracies besides the UK have a ban on broadcasting parliamentary footage for comedic purposes?
Why did Morocco invade the Spanish Perejil island in 2002?
What are the disadvantages of a WTO Brexit(Clean Break)?
What's the difference between repeating elections every few years and repeating a referendum after a few years?
Thai elections and voters of 'unsound mind or of mental infirmity'
How could a lack of term limits lead to a "dictatorship?"
How (un)common is it for the speaker to appear on television (parliamentary footage excluded)?
Should the British be getting ready for a no-deal Brexit?
Why were there so few candidates for the 2016 Democratic Primary?
What is the maximum sanction that can be placed on a UK government or PM for acting illegally
How does the Speaker vote if there is a tie?
Why have hardline Tory eurosceptics not resigned the whip to bring down the Government?
Is it allowed to invoke religion while campaigning in India?
What do hard-Brexiteers want with respect to the Irish border?
Is it possible for the two major parties in the UK to form a coalition with each other instead of a much smaller party?
What is the motivation for a law requiring 2 parties to consent for recording a conversation
Why is Grand Jury testimony secret?
Why isn't Claire Grady the Acting Secretary of DHS?
What percentage of asylum seekers who entered the EU during the 2015 refugee crisis were eventually granted full asylum?
What percentage of rejected asylum seekers are successfully returned back to their home countries?
Why isn't Northern Ireland demanding a referendum on joining Ireland, similar to the one in Scotland?
What are the exact powers of Slovakian presidency?
Is there any sign of the BJP endorsing Imran Khan after Khan endorsed Modi?
Who coined the term "madman theory"?
Why won't UK Prime Ministers formally apologise for the Amritsar massacre?
Why don't hard Brexiteers insist on a hard border to prevent illegal immigration after Brexit?
Athens Court of Appeal Judgement 2658/79
What is the legal basis for the Trump administration's decision to impose and then remove tariffs?
Why do many countries not offer a fixed rate 30 year mortgage?
Can withdrawing asylum be illegal?
Has there been any research into whether euroscepticism is a function of age or of values?
Chances of Assange extradition?
Shouldn't there be a significant time delay between Brexit being finalised and the date of departure?
How did there come to be a range of definitions of socialism?
What are reasons for a country to apologise long after the fact?
If climate change impact can be observed in nature, has that had any effect on rural, i.e. farming community, perception of the scientific consensus?
How to interpret 'economic zones'?
Electing officials by least disliked or the candidate that creates the least "resistance" among the voters
Can the UN General Assembly vote to remove veto rights from the big 5 in the UN Security Council?
Reasons behind selective filtering of immigrants by India
Lying in election affidavits
Does Parliament need to approve the new Brexit delay to 31 October 2019?
Can a no-deal Brexit happen before the new extension end date of 31 October 2019?
Are farmers in the Great Plains aware of the Dust Bowl?
International precedent affected US law?
Does Parliament hold absolute power in the UK?
How does the public know that many large corporations paid zero Federal tax last year?
What's the youngest age when someone joined a political party in the UK?
What is the rationale for Democrats attempting to exempt African-Americans from this Ohio abortion ban?
The Gilets Jaunes protest started in response to fuel prices - which has been reversed - so why do they continue?
Are cost effectiveness studies regularly done for weapon systems?
Parliament proposing/passing motion whose constituency effects depend on how a member voted
How is the budget planned for agencies of the European Union?
Is there a documented rationale why the House Ways and Means chairman can demand tax info?
Failing to enforce immigration laws?
Is the there a term for state (or local) officers not caring about enforcing federal law?
Did any intelligence official express concerns over Trump's "Russia, if you're listening.." comment?
What percentage of asylum seekers who entered the EU during the 2015 refugee crisis are no longer receiving welfare?
Is there a timeline of what type of a Brexit deal each party found acceptable over time?
Are there any programs in the US to increase male participation in female-dominated jobs?
Is the variability hypothesis somehow acknowledged in discussions over the gender gap in certain professions?
Are village-by-village elections results published in Indian General election to the Lok Sabha
What reasons (if any) were given by Democrats when the Ways and Means chairman requested Trump's tax returns?
Comparative Environmental Policy/ Executive Orders
What intelligence is the narrator referring to?
Is it realistic to think that enough Democrats can register as Republicans and nominate a non-Trump Republican in the 2020 primaries?
Do I correctly understand the math behind Bernie Sanders's medicare for all financing options?
What medium is the current U. S. constitution on?
Why are Kinder Surprise Eggs illegal in the USA?
Is Trump the first president to seek to punish his opponents by district or region?
How is the number of representatives within EU structures computed?
Veterans appealing against politicization of the army
What legal actions/procedures I can take as an indivdual to implement sugar law
Privacy of voting in India
Is there a correlation between size of member state and support for EU membership?
Is it common for British MPs to have no connection to their electoral district?
Does Theresa May's government promote any Maidenhead-specific agenda given that she's an MP for that district?
Why did the US and UK choose different solutions to the problem of an undemocratic upper house?
How can a citizen change an existing law -- who can the bill be submitted to
Why are US gun laws so lax?
Does the international community accept either nation’s claim in the US–Haitian Navassa Island dispute?
Is there any way for the UK Prime Minister to make a motion directly dependent on Government confidence?
Has negative voting ever been officially implemented in elections, or seriously proposed, or even studied?
Can a party unilaterally change candidates in preparation for a General election?
How is the BBC allowed to promote commercial products?
What (if any) secular UK groups are ideologically opposed to jury service?
Is there any limit on how long a parliamentary session can be in the UK?
What are the main reasons for the massive increase in CEO pay inequality over the last thirty years?
Why did Roosevelt decide to implement a maximum wage through taxation rather than a simple ceiling?
How does Israel teach the Nakba, if at all?
Which countries have largely copied article 49 para 3 of the French constitution?
What were the legal consequences of the 2010 power struggle surrounding article 114 of the Romanian constitution?
Do any countries use a codified version of the "matter of confidence" of (former) UK tradition?
How can Indonesia's unofficial presidential election tally finish with "head-snapping" speed?
Why has self-regulation of social media failed?
Did only retired people vote in a majority for the Conservatives in the UK 2017 General Election?
Do any jurisdictions seriously consider reclassifying social media websites as publishers?
Do elected officials need to pass background checks to obtain security clearances?
Did everyone named in the Mueller report get to read it in advance?
Is revolution possible anymore?
What is the difference between globalisation and imperialism?
Why did 19th-cent. US presidents have less role in government than Congress or the states, and were more executives than leaders?
Why was the Italian Presidency of the Council of Ministers likened to "a bus trip with the Marx brothers in the driver's seat"?
Has Ukraine implemented section 11 of the Minsk II agreement?
Did Mueller's report provide new evidence for the claim of Russian govt election interference via social media?
Who can remove European Commissioners?
How does Belgium enforce obligatory attendance in elections?
Does the Mueller report show a conspiracy between Russia and the Trump Campaign?
Do any countries besides the UK have a "triple lock" on pensions?
How does the possibility of snap elections provide an electoral benefit to voters?
How does government know it is doing good to its citizens?
What cases of potential obstruction are described in the Mueller report?
Do snap/early elections usually benefit those triggering them?
What exactly do these four forms of redaction mean?
Relating to the President and obstruction, were Mueller's conclusions preordained?
Is it unconstitutional for a state to indict, charge, and bring to trial a sitting president (for a state crime).?
By what mechanism was the 2017 UK General Election called?
What happens to leftover funds from primary candidates?
Why is there so little support for joining EFTA in the British parliament?
Does the new EU-Swiss draft deal contain explicit provisions on immigration quotas?
Why did Israel vote against lifting the American embargo on Cuba?
Are there any polls on the new Swiss immigration referendum question?
How many local recounts were conducted in the Scottish independence referendum?
Was there an OSCE mission observing the Scottish independence referendum?
Why is Rajasthan pro BJP in the LS elections but not in the state elections?
Does Prabowo really have any reasonable reason to believe he is winning?
What benefits does the African trade bloc bring to the African Union's member states?
What were the official names of the "meaningful votes"?
Governmental emission reduction targets and carbon offsets
What is the evidence that custom checks in Northern Ireland are going to result in violence?
Has a Nobel Peace laureate ever been accused of war crimes?
Why did 1 US state introduce the line-item veto between 1984 and 2008?
Why was Gandhi not awarded the Nobel peace prize?
Why do contactless payments without pin code seem to be regulated at national level rather than at bank / customer level?
Is there an estimate on the number of attacks on customs committed by the PIRA (or its predecessors)?
Paektu / Changbai border dispute — why does the BBC shade a large area around the mountain?
What is the difference between war refugees and deserters?
Who owned the land and natural resources under feudalism?
What does or did the Thai government use the categorisation on ID cards for?
How did the extended UNHCR definition of refugee come about?
Did any US Congressmen use their free speech privileges to publish classified material since the Pentagon Papers?
Has the US government adopted the extended UNHCR definition of refugee?
How much time is spent within the UN debating and discussing "annual resolutions"?
Why must Chinese maps be obfuscated?
What is the exact process the UN goes through to condemn a state?
Is there a group that the Trump administration has (re)designated for TPS?
Is there a comprehensive report on Russian jamming of GPS?
Are there any wars in the world not involving terrorism?
Why did Rep. Omar conclude her criticism of US troops with the phrase "NotTodaySatan"?
Was Bernie Sanders' recent town hall on fox news in any way unusual?
How is the audience for Fox News Town Halls chosen?
Who has the power to designate new countries for TPS (temporary protected status)?
How does someone in Australia get access to a list of Politicians meetings?
Were most of the Salvadorans granted TPS in 1990 staying legally or illegally in the US before that?
Is it common in the West for immigration judges to be subordinated to the attorney general (equivalent)?
Roughly how many US state judges have been charged with obstructing federal justice?
Can US-Philippine dual citizens vote in both countries and run for public office
How come there are so many candidates for the 2020 Democratic party presidential nomination?
How can Republicans who favour free markets, consistently express anger when they don't like the outcome of that choice?
Legal restrictions on minority languages in media and the web
Which states will have different electoral maps in 2020 than they had in 2016?
How does subsidiary protection differ from Convention-refugee status in terms of concrete rights granted?
Is there evidence that the Mueller Investigation looked into Trump's taxes?
What is the strongest case that can be made in favour of the UK regaining some control over fishing policy after Brexit?
Is the single plurality system the same as the winner take all system?
USA -- Republic or Democracy?
What exactly is the Joe Biden - Anita Hill controversy about?
In parliamentary democracies, why does the President have a term limit, while the Prime Minister does not?
How can governments justify taking income tax on earnings, and then taking more tax on spending?
What is the point of Germany's 299 "party seats" in the Bundestag?
Are there any pro-EU parties left in the Icelandic parliament?
What is the practical implication of the Dec 2018 Fisheries bill amendment?
What policies are used to prevent segregation in education today?
Maya Kodnani's phonecalls to Narendra Modi during a massacre
What powers does an individual MP in the UK Parliament have?
Does the EU Common Fisheries Policy cover British Overseas Territories?
How do EU countries negotiate (and divide among themselves) fishing quotas outside of EU waters?
Has the pro-Russia president of Moldova taken any concrete steps toward abandoning Moldova's Association Agreement with the EU?
Are there some figures for Moldova's economic benefits from their Association Agreement with the EU?
Why does India say that Kashmir is its integral part 'atoot ang' but then refuse to talk about Kashmir on an international level?
Did Modi break the same law that got Indira Gandhi debarred?
Why is the SNP putting so much emphasis on currency plans?
Can a US city charge money for people wanting to live there?
Did Modi violate the Anti-Defection Law?
Have politicians' identicons been brute forced?
Is there a legal ground for stripping the UK of its UN Veto if Scotland and/or N.Ireland split from the UK?
Independent, post-Brexit Scotland - would there be a hard border with England?
Why isn't English the official language of the US but it is necessary to know it to become a citizen?
Are there examples of abuses of diplomatic immunity?
Socialist elements in Venezuela
Why has the UK chosen to use Huawei infrastructure when Five Eyes allies haven't?
Are there any systems (in other countries) comparable to the overt dualism of Puntofijismo?
Why are UK Bank Holidays on Mondays?
Why aren't nationalizations in Russia described as socialist?
Where are the "shires" in the UK?
Is there precedent or are there procedures for a US president refusing to concede to an electoral defeat?
Why does Berlin have debt issues in opposition to many other European capital cities?
Would the following system be Socialist, or Capitalist?
What's holding up Russia's OECD membership?
Why did Russia join the World Trade Organization so late?
Is Chinese Communism with market economy based on any Marxist theory?
What happens if the US Attorney General refuses to comply with the legislative branch?
Is there any constituency where the right to vote is based on knowledge?
Why are so many countries subsidizing the electrical vehicle industry?
Did the Nazi regime resort to any nationalizations?
In Pennsylvania, are there legal limits to how often you can switch political parties?
Is Juan Guaidó popular in Venezuela?
How does "politician" work as a job/career?
Does the US have plans to protect its IT critical infrastructure in case of war against China?
Why do world governments allow North Korea to continue to exist with it's current government?
What was the political impact of the 'Daisy' election campaign commercial?
Opposite party turned away from voting when ballot is all opposing party
Can the president of the United States be guilty of insider trading?
What accounts for the low level of immigration from India to China?
Have there been any elections which were rendered completely irrelevant by later events?
On the mandatory IRS audit of sitting president and vice-president
Are there secret treaties between major powers anymore?
Could the US House sit on Articles of Impeachment instead of sending them to the Senate?
What are the reasons for increase of nationalism and euroscepticism in Poland?
What is the role of the president of the UN Security Council?
Why do Australian states have different rules for senate voting to the federal government?
Is there any evidence that democracy is linked causatively with improved outcomes?
Which UK polls//surveys provide information at a constituency-by-constituency level, for the upcoming EU elections in May 2019?
Has the White House addressed what brought H.R. 312 to Trump’s attention?
Has a nation ever responded to a cyber attack (from a UN member state) by escalating to physical force?
Are there non-military uses of 20%-enriched Uranium?
What is the smallest margin an Australian Federal or State seat has ever been won by?
On what legal basis did the UK remove the 'European Union' from its passport?
Why are there no attempts to establish the metric system in the US?
What provisions does JCPOA contain for medical isotopes or their (special) precursors?
Can Iran easily restart the heavy-water reactor construction at Arak, after supposedly it filled with concrete?
Generosity in the World Happiness Score
Why won't Donald Trump solve its trade grievances through the WTO?
How many WTO cases has the Trump administration launched (per year)?
Why did the ICC decide not to probe alleged US atrocities in Afghanistan?
What explains the timing of the U.S China trade tariffs and negotiations?
Is Germany still exporting arms to countries involved in Yemen?
Secessionist / Regionalist political parties in Germany
Public information (and possibility to impact) about ALDE Party transformation into more social liberal movement?
Reservations in Promotion
Why does Al Jazeera English have a quite liberal stance on LGBT issues?
Think tanks and newspapers that are associated with Macron's En Marche and pan-European Renaissance?
Enforcement of "anti-sodomy" laws in Qatar
What drawbacks are there in preferential voting?
Exactly what did China "renege on" in a trade deal?
How is Qatar v. Bahrain relevant to the form or definition of an agreement in international law?
Why did the UK remove the 'European Union' from its passport?
Who has the power to issue a witness summons?
What is the difference between North Eastern Council (NEC) and other zonal councils of India?
Why are lawsuits between the President and Congress not automatically sent to the Supreme Court
How many extra votes does a party receive by being number 1 on the senate ticket in Australia
Is the PKK [still] a terrorist group?
How long does it take, before the details of an EU parliament decision get published?
Is there a modern-day political definition of first / second / third worlds which resembles the original most similarly?
What limits exist to stop a grand jury being used to persecute a political opponent?
(Why) is Armenia's CEPA not perceived as threatening by Russia?
Why is there no "tax relief program" (for real estate property in many US states) for the poor like they have for the people over 65?
Why does the U.S military use mercenaries?
Is the practice of giving market access for technology transfer illegal under the WTO?
How to review the decision-making of the different functions of the European Union?
Where can I find the final text of EU Deal for Double Food Standards?
Is imposing tariffs under the pretext of national security illegal under the WTO?
Rationale for including incest as common abortion exception in addition to rape and health
How does the WTO deal with the same core issue being replicated in multiple disputes?
How do proponents of abortion bans, except for instances of sexual assault, propose to restrict access to victims of real assaults?
If China is as good as other developing countries at protecting IP, why is the U.S. administration labelling China as a trade cheat?
Does the US Supreme Court vote using secret ballots?
What happens if an independent candidate in the UK gets two seats worth of votes in EU elections?
Are Washington's threats over Nord Stream pipeline against WTO rules?
What is the U.S. seeking to achieve by trying to make sure that G20 members such as Mexico and Turkey cannot claim the WTO developing country status?
Why won't the U.S. be a signatory nation of The United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea?
Why are Marine Le Pen's possible connections with Steve Bannon something worth investigating?
Oregon household medical visits to familes with newborn children. Voluntary or mandatory?
If technology transfer is part of the TRIPS agreement, then why does the U.S. see an issue with it in respect to China?
Are U.S. territorial claims in the Pacific compliant with UNCLOS?
What reasoning did the South Korean government provide for blocking HTTPS?
Consequences of breaches of UK law in European Parliamentary elections
Why does Japan spend more on Pharmaceutical R&D than the UK?
The LNP won the election, but lost my district. Do they still follow through on what my local representative said they'd do if they won?
Why isn't Austria's vice chancellor simply replaced instead of going for new elections?
What caused the gap between the opinion polls and the election result in the Australian Federal 2019 election?
Did the preferences from Clive Palmers United Australia Party allow the liberals to win the 2019 federal election
In the Belgian election system, what is the effect of voting on every candidate of a party?
Do racist/xenophobic Buddhists (attempt to) base their prejudice in religious doctrine?
Why did it take so long for Germany to allow electric scooters / e-rollers on the roads?
Has any politician/party ever conceded an election and then won?
Are there any statistics / studies to prove that Fox News is putting on more Democrats than Republicans?
Why is there a hard limit to the total length of time one can receive TANF benefits in one’s lifetime?
Why Iraqi embassy websites closed for 1 month already?
Why are some parties not accepting the 2019 election results in India?
Freedom of Speech and Assembly in China
What are some political philosophies/doctrines for deciding when violence is acceptable?
Is the idea of governing for one's constituents at odds with good policy?
What is the point of holding a committee with an empty chair?
Why would the name of a political party be a question? How common is this?
What can the U.S. do politically if China decided to stop exporting rare earth metals to the U.S.?
Do any NATO members control rare resources that could be blocked in response to China blocking rare earth materials shipments to the US?
How much money can MEP earn a month?
Why did Theresa May offer a vote on a second Brexit referendum?
Who collects the wealth raised by the EU Emissions Trading Scheme?
How does the EU Emissions Trading Scheme account for increased emissions outside the EU?
Is the President of the United States bound by state laws?
Does the EU ETS primary auction money pass through the "EU coffers" at all?
Where does the EU ETS fine money go?
Why did British Steel have to borrow 120 million pounds (from the government) to cover its ETS obligations?
How will Russia benefit geopolitically from the current chilling of the relation between the EU and the U.S.?
Why is the U.S. wary of the Belt and Road initiative?
Can Labour force a general election in the UK?
Why does it take so long to count the last 30% of votes in an Australian federal election?
Has Theresa May explained why she refuses to resign?
Where have Brexit voters gone?
Can exit-polls for European Elections be published?
Does the post-WW2 international system imply a constant growth of the number of countries?
Why the modern German government conducts the policy that prevents assimilation of minorities and inter-ethnic mixing?
How can a state (or a union) deter a company from developing technology related to censorship / human rights violation?
Are people more likely to vote in swing states?
Can a British citizen living in France vote in both France and Britain in the European Elections?
Has the Brexit Party stated whether or not it will keep its name?
Have people been prosecuted or fined for multiple cross-countries voting in EU elections?
Trade Agreements Approval Process EU vs UK
Who will lead the country until there is a new Tory leader?
Why did David Cameron offer a referendum on the European Union?
What is Theresa May waiting for?
Was parliamentary ratification of trade treaties necessary in the UK (before joining the EU)?
Does the US have a "Beauty Tax" on property?
Did any Conservative MPs indicate that they might vote against May?
Why did Turkey not wait until after acquiring US F-35 before initiating talks with Russia about S-400?
Did the UK Government ask for the Irish backstop?
What is the precedent for replacing the British Prime Minster without a general election and what are the constitutional rules?
What is the current official policy towards Lenin and Stalin in Russia today?
Does the U.S. have the right to pressure Asian and European countries to not use Huawei equipments?
Why did Italy decide to join the Belt and Road Initiative when other European countries were initially against it?
What can other WTO members do against the American move to block the WTO judge reappointment?
Why does North Korea test their nuclear weapons underground?
Why isn't Somalia a part of the East African Federation?
Would Brexit have gone ahead by now if Gina Miller had not forced the Government to involve Parliament?
A paradox at the heart of the Brexit argument
Does the queen really have to listen to the Prime Minister when appointing a new one?
Under what law can the U.S. arrest International Criminal Court (ICC) judges over war crimes probe?
If China is forcing U.S. firms to hand over technology, why hasn't the U.S. taken China to the WTO and filed a complaint?
Under which conditions are WTO members allowed to slap a tariff on foreign goods?
Jurisdiction stripping
Section 13 of the Withdrawal Agreement Bill
What is the difference between nullifying your vote and not going to vote at all?
Have any of the "hard Brexit" Tories who voted against May's Withdrawal Agreement in late March stepped forward to be PM?
Why does the UK have more political parties than the US?
Are there influential theories why the Lib Dems have survived on the UK political landscape?
Of the 34 Conservatives who voted against the Withdrawal Agreement last time, how many are remainers?
Is there an explanation for Austria's Freedom Party virtually retaining its vote share despite recent scandal?
Did the Brexit Party "dominate" EU elections in the UK?
What caused the tendency for conservatives to not support climate change regulations?
Who will represent the party in the EU parliament after it won some seats?
What was the legal basis of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia?
Do any political groups self-describe as reactionary?
Has any country ever tried publishing the effective tax rate paid by its citizens?
What exactly did the Brexit Party gain in the 2019 EU parliament election?
Why is the voter turnout at EU level so low compared to national elections?
What can a person do if she could not cast her vote during EU parliamentary elections?
The nature of legislative deliberations with the European Commission
Why does the 25 year import rule for cars still exist in the USA?
What is the purpose of electing European Parliament since the institution which propose new laws is European Commission?
How can a single member of the House derail a Congressional bill?
Does nuclear propulsion applied to military ships fall under civil or military nuclear power?
Would the meaningful votes have been held if not for the Gina Miller case?
Would it be accurate to draw a similarity between the role of MP and a Company Director?
Does cyber warfare have rules similar to those existing for classic warfare?
Why is Colorado so different politically from nearby states?
What could the Justice Department actually do with the Special Counsel’s report if it said the president likely committed a crime?
Can the Prime Minister prorogue Parliament?
If Boris Johnson were prosecuted and convicted of lying about Brexit, can that be used to cancel Brexit?
How will the European Parliament look after brexit?
Why is Andrea Leadsom so unpopular in the 2019 Conservative leadership contest?
Is it legal in the UK for politicians to lie to the public for political gain?
What was the practical effect of voter suppression in the UK's 2019 EU parliament elections?
When does the European Scrutiny Committee get involved in the legislative process?
Did Robert Mueller try to prove a negative?
Is the impetus set by the European Council written down anywhere?
What part of Mueller's report, public statements, or other actions suggest that he called on congress to impeach/further investigate?
Is there an automatic series of treaties in the EU?
Do specific Council of Ministers configurations run on rotation?
How do special prosecutors leave their role?
What are the obstacles for a US president to enact Healthcare For All?
Can the US president change TIME to avoid leaving the office?
Was Bill Clinton charged with a crime by the Justice Department, and why would the same reasoning not apply to Trump if so?
How are Blank votes distributed in the Portuguese legislative elections?
What vote percentage required to trigger UK revote
How prevalent is ghostwriting in UK political speeches?
Why some politicians not reducing corruption even after they earned for their 100 generations?
Are there international laws that compel Mexico to prevent migrants from crossing the border and into the U.S.?
Would taxing land be more simple than taxing income?
Are there correlation/causation between abortion legalization and economic growth?
What are the consequences of the U.S. imposing a 5% tariff against Mexico?
Why did a party with more votes get fewer seats in the 2019 European Parliament election in Denmark?
Why did the Knesset vote to dissolve itself after Netanyahu failed to form a majority coalition?
Why are none of Trump's opponents pointing out that he's lying about the economy?
What are the problems related to Trump administration’s targeting of Huawei affecting US/UK relationship?
How do governments keep track of their issued currency?
Soviet or Russian equivalent of the Church Committee?
Do the United States' new tariffs on Mexican imports apply to goods shipped through the US to other countries?
Is it common practice for foreign warships to dock in Australian ports without being announced to the public?
Do US lobbyists pay $45 million annually to keep cannabis illegal?
Can a state temporarily extend the consulate territory during some special events such as elections?
Ratification of trade agreements
Are Mexican trucks presently allowed beyond a buffer zone around the US southern border?
If Parliament were prorogued for a long period, how would the government raise funds?
Are there pro abortion arguments that do not deny the humanity of a fetus?
Are countries required to reveal intelligence when they use an intelligence to arrest a government official of another country?
How is the excise border managed in Ireland?
What will happen if the person the Conservative party membership elects as leader cannot command a majority in the House of Commons?
Are there countries where impeachment of a president without cause is authorized?
How could the PM prorogue Parliament without the Queen's consent?
What are the incentives for CFA countries to remain under France's financial umbrella?
How does Turkey's purchase of the S-400 anti-air system jeopardize the F-35?
If there's something that implicates the president why is there then a national security issue? (John Dowd)
How much money would be saved if Parliament Hill flags were replaced only when frayed?
Why did Change UK not stand in the Peterborough By-Election?
Why is the majority bonus systems so rarely used across the world?
How many US states still prohibit transportation of alcohol across state lines without a license, even for personal use?
What is the logic behind charging tax _in the form of money_ for owning property when the property does not produce money?
Is there any actual controversy concerning the attacking side at Oldham Rally?
Who are the main interests behind a culture that Henry Giroux calls the dictatorship of Ignorance?
Why did the World Bank set the global poverty line at $1.90?
To what extent do precedents in Westminster systems apply in other countries that use it?
Can Rama go ahead with the elections without Meta's support?
What happens when during the negotiation of a treaty when all the members don't agree on a particular provision?
Can the president hire an FBI Agent?
Are regulatory compliance checks performed within the EU bloc?
In American Politics, why is the Justice Department under the President?
Can a government tax "land"?
Who are the so-called "political elite" in Britain?
Are witnesses giving Congressional testimony (e.g. Mueller) generally required to tell the WHOLE truth?
Are there documented examples of politicians lying for the greater good?
Are there recesses during the U.N. Security Council?
Is it common for judicial branch to add details on laws made by legislative?
How does the standardisation process in the EU work?
Do countries use a shared intelligence database at borders?
Is the EU 'punishing' the UK for Brexit? How so?
Does the UK delegate some immigration control to the Republic of Ireland?
Is there a radar system monitoring the UK sea borders?
Roughly what proportion of people think that abortion should be allowed, even if fetuses are persons?
Why is gun control associated with the socially liberal Democratic party?
Real-time online voting
Is there a term for someone whose preferred policies are a mix of left and right?
How was Northern Ireland governed prior to the Belfast Agreement?
What exactly are the Chief Justice's powers and roles in "presiding" over a presidential impeachment proceeding?
Do the policies that Ben Shapiro supports align with those of the Alt-Right?
Do legislators hold the right of legislative initiative?
How did the European Union reach the figure of 3% as a maximum allowed deficit?
What's the deadline for Democratic party primaries candidates for meeting the new debate criteria?
What was the Manchin-Toomey Amendment amending?
How much bargaining power do countries like Greece have on their debt settlement with rich EU countries?
Why are British voters more likely to back the main parties in general elections than in European Parliament elections?
What countries in the world have legalized both abortion and cannabis?
Has there been a potential candidate for a political office in the US where they were paid to terminate their campaign before the election?
What has Donald Trump accomplished as a president (objectively)?
Are there political reasons why the Chinese government doesn't or is not allowed to buy U.S. stocks?
If Congress discards a state's electoral votes, does it change the number needed for a majority?
In the US, can a former president run again?
Are intrusions within a foreign embassy considered an act of war?
What have countries with similar court systems to the US done to make the Supreme Court less political?
Is the U.S. requiring Japan to share their semiconductor patents with the U.S. a case of trade bullying?
Why don't countries like Japan just print more money?
Why is "Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation" necessary?
What are the current battlegrounds for people’s “rights” in the UK?
India and China's trade future with Iran
Is this proposal by U.S. presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg to change the composition of the Supreme Court constitutional?
What's currently blocking the construction of the wall between Mexico and the US?
How many asylum seekers does the UK admit each year?
Difference between a conventional party in a WLD and a Bahraini *society*
Regarding the status of dependent Indian migrants in the US
Does Japan intentionally devalue its exports to the US in exchange for US military protection?
Has there been any indication at all that further negotiation between the UK and EU is possible?
What do Tory leadership candidates hope to gain by saying they will renegotiate the Withdrawal Agreement?
Can left and right be reduced to who takes care of whom?
Why is the USA against Turkey buying S-400 systems from Russia?
What other countries besides the US have mechanics that allow the minority to block legislation?
Special unofficial nationwide vote/poll in 1994 in the United States of America
Can there be a UN resolution to remove a country from the UN Security Council?
Will the DUP agree to a Northern Ireland Referendum?
What was the legal basis for the arrest of Gerald Bull by the UN in South Africa?
If Russia intentionally shot down flight MH-17, what would be the benefit to Russia?
How to seek political asylum in the DPRK or the PRC
Is Facebook's Libra a threat to the U.S. dollar as a reserve currency?
Have governments used (or currently use) propaganda to undermine health in hostile countries?
Who is lying between Ahok and Anies in reclamation projects claim?
Can the U.S. President pardon a corporation?
What is the rationale of holding national parliament snap elections after the EU elections results?
Did Karl Marx ever use any example that involved cotton and dollars to illustrate the way capital and surplus value were generated?
Can the President of the United States actively invest in the stock market?
Is there such a thing as a voluntary extradition visa?
Could the U.S. Congress abolish itself?
If an MEP resigns is the next person on the list appointed?
Separation of the European Single Market and Customs Union
Is Trump guilty of breaking the Hague treaty?
Is there any legal recourse to compel Oregon state senators that flee the state to return?
If a country declares war on the United States, does the US Congress need to declare war on them?
Can a US president have someone sent to prison?
Why isn’t the tax system continuous rather than bracketed?
Does the UK have a written constitution?
What benefit is Iran getting from JCPOA after the US withdrawal?
Do foreign heads of state or government have to give up a US citizenship if they have it?
What is the mid-term election in India?
Conviction to execution; Why does it take so long for death row inmates to be executed in US?
What percent of current Americans have ancestors that had slaves in the US in the past?
How do I take part in a trilogues in the EU?
Could the European Union (or an element of it) be described as a government?
The process of amending a proposed Bill in the UK
Are Common External Tariff levels in the EU agreed via qualified majority voting or unanimity?
Can opposition UK MPs defect and support the ruling party or coalition?
Can MPs stay in a party even after they vote against their own Government?
Aborted " ICE Family Op" - What happens when a person is ordered deported?
Is there a legal way for US presidents to extend their terms beyond two terms of four years?
Why would a US Senate bill be stuck on 'Introduced' for over a decade?
Can the UK Prime Minister immediately withdraw the country from the EU without backing from parliament?
What are the US sanctions on Iran's Supreme Leader?
How does the opposition to quotas for refugees policies from certain EU countries coexist with the EU "free movement of people inside EU" policies?
Why is Japan trying to have a better relationship with Iran?
Feminism - What rights are (American) women missing?
Why would the Sudanese protest movement insist on a 3-year period before elections?
What are the consequences of being in Tier 2 of the US State Department's Trafficking in Persons Report?
Donkey as Democratic Party symbolic animal
Is there any point in having a backstop with a time limit?
Can a foreign citizen cast a vote in the UK Conservative Party leadership election 2019?
Does a newly elected UK Tories leader enjoy a period of immunity from a leadership challenge?
Why was there a partisan divide on the House vote for the FY2020 Military Construction-Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill?
Can European countries bypass the EU and make their own individual trade deal with the U.S.?
Cases of nationalists wanting to cede sovereignty to supranational organisations
Is there any governmental organization/party in europe that has a main goal to untangle eu from US?
Is there any political party in a EU country that has a leadership that virtually bypasses secret voting by asking its MPs not to vote?
What European countries have secret voting within the Legislature?
Are Medicare approved amounts significantly different than Commercial insurance approved amounts
What election rules and voting rights are guaranteed by the US Constitution?
What prevents a US state from colonizing a smaller state?
How far can gerrymandering go?
Do any Democratic presidential candidates support banning semi-automatic weapons?
What effect would a mandatory justification for a proposed bill have on the legislative process?
Is organizing "piggybacked" referendums something unusual in EU?
How is the G20 family photo order decided?
How is the word "civilization" interpreted by Turkish revolutionists?
How do Russians [especially Russian Muslims] understand Putin's disapproval of 'multiculturalism'?
How would one prevent political gerrymandering?
What happens if a country does not abide by WTO rules?
What do the advocates of single payer claim are the advantages of eliminating private health insurance?
What is the benefit of town twinning?
Can an Indian President/Prime Minister send someone to jail without filing a case?
Do any 2020 Democratic primary candidates advocate for charter schools?
Would switching to a proportionate House require a constitutional amendment?
Why are some 2020 Democratic candidates insisting on eliminating employer-based private insurance
Why is China trying to develop Africa?
How is vice president selected if a write in candidate wins the presidency?
How are decisions taken in the European Council?
How does INSTEX work, and why won't it work?
What would happen if the Corwin Amendment was ratified today?
Couldn't Carola Rackete of Sea Watch 3 have chosen another harbor?
What is the purpose of (student) debt forgiveness?
Why is Manfred Weber being opposed to as the next head of the European Commission?
Does the North Korea Kim Jong Un have an heir?
Contributing to a candidate as a Foreign National US Resident?
Who are the police in Hong Kong?
Can foreign national US residents volunteer with US political campaigns?
Why use tariffs instead of a tax on foreign investment to remedy the "trade deficit"?
Are there data on how England's European Parliament constituencies voted in the 2017 UK General Election?
What has caused the decline of parties in the center?
Seeking political asylum in a country after being refused in another
Why did EU sign a free-trade deal with Vietnam?
Did German Reunification influence EU strategy?
What is the fundamental difference between catching whales and hunting other animals?
What is the role of private healthcare insurance industry in Medicaid?
What is the rationale of not allowing dual citizenship?
What does this Boris Johnson article mean? How we can interpret it?
In 2019 is North Carolina gerrymandered?
Why does the US have laws that they don't enforce but they don't repeal?
What happens if the Sino-British Joint Declaration is violated?
Voting in the Council of Ministers
Why did France stop its uranium extraction activities?
Are Northern Ireland Unionists allied to England&Wales or Scotland?
Do any countries or states require citizens to pass a knowledge-based test before voting?
What are the consequences for a developed nation to not accept any refugees?
Who limits the euro issued in each eurozone country?
Why does Trump want a citizenship question on the census?
Do transgender activists believe being transgender stems from nature, nurture, or some ratio of both?
Is it true that South Africa has the most protests per capita in the world?
Why won't the U.S. sign a peace treaty with North Korea?
What do Native Americans in Canada want from the Federal Government?
How integrated are Private Health Insurers (PHI) with Medicare?
What are the (key) limits of coverage of Medicare for All?
What is the reason for extreme antisemitism among Muslims?
What federal systems feature a legislative chamber for regional governments, Germany aside?
Why haven’t North Korea already signed a peace treaty with South Korea?
If drug prices are much higher in US, and the US government prohibits import, why not just import online for all personal uses?
What is the neutral term for far left which is mainly preoccupied with identity issues?
Did right-wing politician Franz Josef Strauss ever explain why he gave a 3 billion loan to East Germany in 1983?
Is there a strong legal guarantee that the U.S. can give to another country that it won't attack them?
Why won't the U.S. move more rapidly towards modernizing its army?
When I register for voting in Massachusets with a telephone number on the "Do Not Call" registry, do I have to check the "unlisted phone number" box?
Why did people still chant "Lock her up" at Trump rallies in 2019?
How to poll on a budget
Why does the US seem to have a rather low economic interest in Africa?
How does President Trump's follow-through on election promises compare to presidents in the past 20 years?
Do parties whose support is geographically concentrated have an advantage in "cake cutting" redistricting?
Kyriakos Mitsotakis anti-German views
Why are Democratic presidential candidates promising free health care for Illegal Immigrants?
Is opposition to whaling biased against Japan?
Is anyone advocating the promotion of homosexuality in UK schools?
On what principle did UK seize an Iranian oil tanker? Is there no right of passage for third countries?
Are US Congressional districts required to be connected?
What requirements are there on the Senate to process Articles of Impeachment?
Could the US President force Britain to recall Ambassador Kim Darroch?
If the U.S. government eliminates private health insurance, how would it deal with the shareholders of private insurance companies?
Why is the term "Jewish Privilege" never used?
Why does the U.S. tolerate foreign influence from Saudi Arabia and Israel on its domestic policies while not tolerating that from China or Russia?
Can an inauguration be delayed for any GOOD reason?
Why haven't Latin American countries condemned the U.S. for its migrant detention centers?
Why does the US federal debt increase by more than the US deficit each year?
When did the trend of giving U.S. Congressional bills catchy acronyms first start to occur?
What do third party candidates for the US presidency expect to functionally accomplish in terms of voting?
What are the most influental groups advocating for a global government?
Have there been attempts to integrate the Catholics & Protestants of Northern Ireland?
Does the EU have the power to expand its own power without the consent of EU members?
Have countries that have signed but not ratified international conventions successfully used the arbitration provisions thereof?
Did any of the founding fathers anticipate Lysander Spooner's criticism of the constitution?
How might the United Kingdom become a republic?
In the United States, how large is the political spread of all federal judges in terms of rulings?
Am I obligated to answer a citizenship question on the U.S. census?
How are Canada and the USA similar and different with regards to immigration?
What does co-operative republic mean?
Which states have a head of state or government from another country?
Does disqualification by defection or by voluntary resignation make any difference to the ruling party in India?
Fate of countries without any army when attacked
What would the EU do if an EU member declared war on another EU member?
What can the U.S. government do to prevent powerful people to get extremely favorable plea bargain deals like Jeff Epstein?
Could the EU introduce an app-crossing messenger standard and make its use obligatory for every messenger?
If the US government is running deficits valued at 5% of GDP, is the economy really growing?
Why hasn't the U.S. government paid war reparations to any country it attacked?
Where could I find the House of Representatives voting record for the Export Administration Act of 1979?
Why didn't the U.S. support the idea of an Asian Monetary Fund?
Does Indonesia restrict chicken wings import under the pretext of halal certification?
Is the CIA responsible for overseeing all US military black-ops missions on foreign soil?
Why do candidates not quit if they no longer have a realistic chance to win in the 2020 US presidents election
Does the Vatican City/Holy See have a form of Security Clearance?
Can a government be held responsible for the crimes committed by a military contractor?
Why did Barry Goldwater change from opposing to supporting the Export Trade Administration Act of 1979?
Why do legislative committees exist?
What are the arguments for California’s nonpartisan blanket (jungle) primaries?
Are Indian tribal governments subject to the Bill of Rights?
Average win/loss ratio for US Presidents as party nominees?
US Party with all time most Presidential votes?
Can legal action prevent the PM proroguing Parliament?
Where are electoral systems typically defined?
Is the U.S. pursuing the agenda of containing the economic development of developing countries?
Has Twitter elaborated on continuing to allow Trump to use the platform for reportedly hateful attacks
What is the difference between a "nation" and a "country"?
Forced harvesting of organs in China
If SWIFT is headquartered in Europe, why does the EU need to create a SWIFT alternative to be able to do transactions with Iran?
What is the latest date a general election in the UK can prevent a no-deal Brexit
Are UK MPs sometimes obliged to say 'It is a pleasure to serve under your chairmanship'?
What are the consequences if the House of Representatives condemns Trump?
What are the reasons why the Federal Reserve won't make public the transcripts of its meetings?
What benefits does The BRICS Development Bank to its members?
Have there been any attempts by the rest of the world to sanction the US in the last years?
Does anything else happen if the parliamentarian rules a House speech was out of order, but is not stricken by vote?
How have Republicans defended Trump's "Go Back" tweets?
What is the Trump administration planning on doing with migrants denied asylum under the new policy?
Why are there no polls of Tom Steyer yet?
Where does the provincial budget of Ontario exhibit its spending on the arts, culture, tourism?
In Australia, do Rupert Murdoch's publications deny anthropogenic climate change?
Why Turkey's president thinks that by cutting interest rate it will lower inflation?
What happens if a UK government loses a no confidence vote just before a parliamentary recess?
Are there any restrictions on how amendment should be related to original law in US Senate?
Who determines when road center lines are solid or dashed?
Why did the DNC refuse to hold any debates on Fox News?
Could a US citizen born through "birth tourism" become President?
Where might the Iranian-oil-carrying tanker Grace 1 have been heading?
Has any congressperson ever been a victim of discrimination while in office?
Why is "birth tourism" possible in so many countries?
Are most people who commit financial fraud extradited, or people don't bother and just tend to fine the companies?
Why did Rand Paul vote in support of the 2017 tax cuts if he's against increasing the deficit?
How do Republicans explain their lack of support among minority voters?
Is it common for candidates for the U.S. House of Representatives to go door-to-door as a campaign activity?
Is the success of Chinese economic model in Africa a threat to Western interests?
Why has Macron apparently decided to support the Romanian candidate (Kovesi) instead of his own country candidate (Bohnert) as EU prosecutor?
Book recommendation for connection between immigration and crime
Could Europeans in Europe demand protection under UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples?
What does Trump hope to achieve by calling the Swedish prime minister about ASAP Rocky?
Why states don't charge head taxes to reduce poverty?
Why didn't any country complain to the WTO about the car company bailouts by the U.S.?
Does Iran recognize any of the water in the Strait of Hormuz as being International Water?
Why does Singapore's PAP win almost all elections?
Why are certain countries refusing to abide the obligations of Article VIII, Sections 2, 3 and 4 of the Articles of Agreement of the IMF?
Why is DC so, so, so Democratic?
What are the perceived benefits of letting public party members vote directly for the party leader?
What does a black-and-white Puerto Rican flag signify?
Why do certain states offer lax, open ship registries?
Are gangsters hired to attack people at a train station classified as a terrorist attack?
Is there a study about the European prime ministers profiles?
How does a person go about becoming a member of the Electoral College?
Does a best or most optimized system exist?
Does the host country have a say in an unrecognised state establishing a representative office?
Which polls count towards DNC debate requirements (especially fall)?
Are sworn witnesses not obligated to answer questions in congressional hearings?
Why can we have human rights declared by ECHR but no environmental "rights"?
How does jurisdiction of international courts work?
Who has jurisdiction for a crime committed in an embassy?
What is the reason South Sudan has not yet signed the NPT?
Why are so many countries still in the Commonwealth?
Political barriers to UNPOL activities?
How do campaign rallies gain candidates votes?
Can avoiding the Strait of Hormuz (ideally with a canal south of Kumzar) prevent further escalation of the high tensions there?
How is justice supposed to work for the president of the United States?
Why isn't there a serious attempt at creating a third mass-appeal party in the US?
What causes long-running disputes over sovereignty?
Prime Minister's Official Spokesperson (PMOS) under Boris Johnson
How likely is a reform on the status of 'developing' country pushed by the Trump adminstration only affect China?
What is the effect and/or good reasons of changing a paper bill to a coin?
Is a state-level legal proceeding against a sitting president any less of a burden on the president?
Has anyone self-identified as “neoliberal”?
Why did so many MPs not vote in Meaningful Vote 3?
Why is indian spy case in international court?
Why does Canada require bilingualism in a lot of federal government posts?
Two countries jointly sharing territorial waters of an island; precedent or impossibility of?
If Trump gets impeached, how long would Pence be president?
Non-politically flavoured source for US news
Are the laws governing Antarctica legally binding?
Why did House of Representatives need to condemn Trumps Tweets?
Why were the Treaty of Rome's travaux préparatoires not available for thirty years?
Simple explanation needed about EU's decisional and normative supranationalism
Will electoral college benefit smaller states or bigger states?
Can electors in US make complex "vows"?
What would the United Kingdom's "optimal" Brexit deal look like?
What is the UK equivalent of the American Congressional Budget Office?
Have any countries established socialist democracy specifically based on Marxism?
Why's Title VII of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union called the "horizontal" clauses?
How do export restrictions help domestic market and national production?
Is there any reason why one candidate only runs for election once?
"prevention, or direct and substantial hindrance, of market access" vs. "test based on substantial hindrance to market access"
How's Art 45(4) Public Services Exception connected to Hegel and “The march of God in the world, that is what the state is”?
What power does Congress have against acting administration officials?
What happens if a country redefines itself?
Open Irish border and WTO's most favoured nation principle
Can a U.S. Presidental candidate skip or avoid registering for the ballot in any given state?
Sources for typed political debates
Are the political compass and similar political tests scientific?
What is the most severe retaliation possible under article 22 of WTO dispute settlement?
Would it take any sort of amendment to make DC a state?
In India, can cabinet ministers vote in the house that they are not part of?
Why are governments spending so much resources on fighting forest fires?
What is the actual process in a US deportation to Mexico?
What will happen to MLAs who were missing for the Karnataka CM HD floor test?
How does the DNC decide who they will let run?
Why wasn't the supremacy of European law codified?
Why do Americans (US) want to keep their employee-based healthcare insurance?
UK Private Sector Receipts from the EU
Why was the Lobbying Transparency and Accountability Act of 2006 deemed too weak?
What's process constitutionalism?
Which politicians (if any) are pushing for plant-based meat and dairy substitutes?
Why isn't it inherently anti-democratic for the CJEU to limit the Union legislator?
Has the US government provided details on plans to deal with AIDS and childhood cancer?
Is Article 370 of the Indian constitution regarding Jammu and Kashmir a temporary provision? Can it be removed?
Is Norway in the Single Market?
What are the groups that can legally challenge Trump's tariffs and can they have them reversed?
How to interpret these figures about refugees?
Why do the U.S. (and other republics) not have separate capital cities for each branch of government?
How has Angus King explained why he's an Independent?
Why do South and Latin American countries have small armies?
How is the policy of the European Central Bank determined if every country has a different economic situation?
Can a House-impeached but not Senate-convicted president run for a second term?
Is there any regulation meant to limit coverage of mass shootings? Are any politicians pushing for such ideas?
GST/VAT tax. Why some countries return tax to tourists?
How's the EU fundamental rights "mortgage theory" related to mortgages?
Differences - "national measure adopted by the host state" vs. "a diversity of national regulations"
Converting a State to Union Territory
In American politics is the "free ride" problem (Japanese defence spending) acknowledged as a direct consequence of American strategy?
Did Norway reduce Electric Car Incentives (Policy) because they were so costly?
How easy is it to get a gun illegally in the United States?
Is there a standard political process which a government uses to verify claims?
Does the WTO address "technology theft" as opposed to trademark and copyright infringement?
Why are some Senators so insistent on using unanimous resolution to pass election security bills?
Why do proponents of guns oppose gun competency tests?
What reasoning is being used to differentiate firearms in the Jan 2019 proposed law?
Why is the US constitution so set in stone and immobile, leading to inevitable anachronisms with the modern world?
What are the possible consequences of being labelled as a currency manipulator?
Who is responsible for preventing smuggling
Russian military bases in Germany: judicially possible?
What part of the Firearm Owners' Protection Act prohibits a ballistics database?
Is EFTA membership compatible with EU Customs Union membership?
Evidence for meeting Treasury Criteria for Currency Manipulation
Can the senate vote to condemn? Is this even an official practice?
Why does India not want any International intervention in the Kashmir Issue?
Why does the EU-Turkey customs union not violate the single market principle?
Do Hong Kong protesters want to cancel the extradition law or have they proposed any modifications?
Why should public servants be apolitical?
The actual purview of Her Majesty The Queen's prerogative?
Does the United States guarantee any unique freedoms?
Why is there a need to prevent a racist, sexist, or otherwise bigoted vendor from discriminating who they sell to?
Where can I get census data containing details about each person of a particular village in India?
Do other countries guarantee freedoms that the United States does not have?
What has been the result (so far) of the new US sanctions on Iran?
What are realistic ways a dissolution of the United States could happen?
Do countries other than the U.S. have the power to block a government from issuing new debt?
What is the effect of election campaign donations?
What is the public opinion in Hong Kong about the protests? How many of them support it?
Is there any ground for the concerns of Hong Kong protesters?
Why are machine guns not subject to Second Amendment protections?
Why do early states matter more in presidential primaries?
How often do private-owned guns protect US-Americans
Why aren't other states objecting against Iowa and New Hampshire being the first primary states?
How are "Red Flag Laws" not a violation of Due Process protection?
Do trade or currency wars require congressional approval?
Does Hong Kong have the right to hold a referendum for independence?
Can a country kick out any diplomat over security concerns?
Are there restrictions on how recipient countries can use foreign aid money coming from the U.S.?
If "more guns less crime", how do gun advocates explain that the EU has less crime than the US?
Is there a standardised way to check fake news?
Amending the constitution to allow for multiple presidents
The NRA is a major known U.S. lobbying group claiming to protect the second amendment. Do equivalent groups exist for other amendments?
How to run a ranked-choice vote that minimizes penalties to unranked candidates?
Why does Andrew Yang want to give people 1.000 dollars per month when that is a relative value?
The meaning of "right" in Italian Fascism
Pakistan Occupied Kashmir
Why did issues about rural district representation not concern framers of the 17th amendment?
Can someone be involuntarily committed without having prior knowledge?
What can France do to prevent West African countries from ditching the CFA Franc?
What is the point of the Hong Kong protests when the demands have already been met?
Are there really no countries that protect Freedom of Speech as the United States does?
What if Hong Kong airport protest happened in the US?
Why does Biden show two trend-lines with his polls?
Why won't the Republicans use a superdelegate system like the DNC in their nomination process?
Would the USA be eligible to join the European Union?
Why not demand President's/candidate's financial records instead of tax returns?
Why don't proponents of welfare services self-organize and do it themselves?
Could the US federal government turn a state into a territory like India has with Jammu and Kashmir
Could Congress annul a declaration of war from the U.S. President?
Has there ever been a notable proposal to amend Article V of the U.S. Constitution?
When is a US tariff actually paid?
How was voting "present" on the Green New Deal resolution meant to be taken as a protest?
How were unconstitutional laws invalidated before Marbury v Madison?
Does each different kind of Congressional act require a different level of rigor?
Are there any major differences between the powers of an acting president and the actual president?
What are the geopolitical reasons for the United States wanting to buy Greenland?
Why does the USA have 'First Lady' as a position of power?
Who cannot be the Prime Minister of the UK?
Can the president or the Congress pass a law to dismantle the super-delegate system used by the DNC?
How does Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act shield companies from liability of bias?
What happens if Japan refuses to pay the U.S. for its military presence?
Why don't politicians push for fossil fuel reduction by pointing out their scarcity?
What prevents Hong Kong from punishing people who committed crimes in China in Hong Kong?
Scrapping of article 370 from Indian Constitution
Why don't believers of climate change just take matters in their own hands?
What bill provided for public viewing of bills before Congressional vote?
Would it be illegal for Facebook to actively promote a political agenda?
How could China have extradited people for political reason under the extradition law it wanted to pass in Hong Kong?
Territories on lease world wide
Why would the US President need briefings on UFOs?
How does the government purchase things?
Difference between Motion and Resolution
Why is statutory rape "strict liability"?
Why is Boris Johnson visiting only Paris & Berlin if every member of the EU needs to agree on a withdrawal deal?
How much aid does Pakistan get from US?
To what extent does China control Hong Kong's highest courts and ordinary courts?
Can Twitter actions be treated as a political censorship?
Has any president benefited in elections from partially repairing the economy after damaging it?
What is the improvement of the "legally binding commitment" proposed by Boris Johnson over the existing "backstop"?
How would one country purchase another?
What happens if no one in the line of US presidential succession is eligible to become president?
What forced Theresa May to hold votes on the Withdrawal Agreement?
What protections, if any, do local staff at a foreign mission have?
In United States resolutions, does the word "Whereas" serve a specific procedural purpose?
Why is neither methane nor fracking mentioned in the Green New Deal?
Brexit and backstop: would changes require unanimous approval by all EU countries? Does Ireland hold a veto?
Did the USA violate the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces treaty?
What is the political meaning of "shaheed" in India?
How do Town Halls work?
If a party holds no primary debates, how does a lesser known candidate express his views in a forum specific to the party?
What would it take for South Tyrol to declare independence?
Would Greenland need the permission of Denmark to make a deal with the United States if they became independent?
Is NATO discriminate to take action against any nation?
Anti defection law, India
United Nations : Right to Self Determination and Secession working groups?
Was the Russian Federation ever an actual democracy?
What's the difference between AOC's Green New Deal and Sanders' Green New Deal?
Are there standardized definitions for systems of government?
How much will "new-policy detention" facilities for detained families cost?
Are there any elected officials in the U.S. who are not legislators, judges, or constitutional officers?
Would the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland be interested in reuniting?
What will come after a US withdrawal from Afghanistan?
Where can I find the authors of the various drafts of a bill?
When are signature petitions made available for potential candidate mayors in Perth Amboy, New Jersey?
Why is the UK so keen to remove the "backstop" when their leadership seems to think that no border will be needed in Northern Ireland?
Can the president be investigated by the SEC for stock manipulation?
Can U.N. decide to send fire fighters to fight Amazon rainforest fires
UK: "limited nuclear strike" policy (history, details, politics, etc)
What can the U.S. do against the EU subsidizing its tech industry?
How does a government agency know if it is compromised?
Is there a reason why countries cannot increase their vote count at any time by giving money to the IMF?
Cost of oil sanctions to world's consumers
On what basis can the US push for sanctions of Iran's missile activities at the UN?
Why did the population of Bhutan drop by 70% between 2007 and 2008?
According to UK government, Parliament cannot stop a no-deal Brexit: Could this also be used to push through the agreement agreed by Theresa May?
Why is there no willingness in the international community to step in between Pakistan and India?
Could the UK amend the European Withdrawal Act and revoke the Article 50 invocation?
Why can't UK MPs vote for the Withdrawal Agreement, then renege on the backstop if it comes to that?
Could Boris Johnson theoretically ignore any legislation passed to prevent no-deal brexit?
Easily contact all three U.S. Congress people?
If the UK Gov. has authority to cancel article 50 notification, why do they have to agree an extension with the EU
EU27 views on further Brexit delays
Why the Americans give $38 billion to Israel?
Can the Queen refuse to suspend the Parliament?
If Parliament is prorogued, how much time, if any, is there to pass a new Withdrawal Agreement Bill?
Within what limits can the prime minister ask the queen to prorogue parliament?
Is there any international convention/treaty/protocol that regulates how a country should behave if a nuclear incident happens on its territory?
What checks exist against overuse of presidential pardons in the USA?
What are politicians saying when they greet each other in front of cameras
House of Commons recess
Which countries form the G8 and why?
What was the reason behind Trump's change to citizenship status of foreign service members' children?
What is the appeal of being PM in the midst of Brexit?
"Assad must go" curse. How many affected?
Why haven't the British protested Brexit as ardently as the Hong Kong protesters?
Why is G7 helping fighting fires in the Amazon rainforest such a big deal for President Jair Bolsonaro?
Can government collect more revenue from land tax and sales tax?
Why do presidential pardons exist in a country having a clear separation of powers?
Could an online petition have effective political weight and from which scale?
Why is the U.S. the only Presidential Republic that provides for an indirect election of the President?
Brexit, why is this so complicated?
Is "forced" technology transfer against the WTO TRIPS agreement?
Is there a precedent indicating what happens when a UK Prime Minister advises a monarch not to give Royal Assent to legislation passed by Parliament?
What is the nature of the court's oversight of the U.K. Parliament?
Is is possible to make a federal state with only one federated state to resolve cohabitation inherent to semi-presidential systems?
Under what circumstances can the members of the WTO bring about some changes to the WTO laws?
Why not just put FPTP in one house and PR in the other?
Is it necessary to hold a Queen’s Speech, and prorogue parliament, to propose new bills?
Is the government a private landlord
Why did Lenin defend the orange free state
Does a hard border in Ireland necessarily breach the Good Friday Agreement?
