How to Handle Error in SEC Filings
dividend cash in month
Downloading high-frequency data: S&P 500
using garch to forecast volatility but getting low persistence model
Variance Swap volatility
modeling regime switching for Correlation matrix
Why the Black-Scholes formula can be used in the real world?
DCC GARCH: specifying ARCH and GARCH parameter matrices in STATA
Implicit relation between risk and reward
The use of GARCH
Euler discretization of Heston SDE in Mathematica
What is the fair price of this option?
Financial Mathematics essay topic
How do I show that there is no tangency portfolio?
How to account for correlation between strategies when they are added linearly?
Is this application of Ito's lemma correct?
Charting order depth over time periods
binomial option pricing model - problem with risk-neutral probability
Effect of vol smile on risk neutral probability of ITM
What is the difference between a benchmark yield curve, funding curve and a basis spread curve?
How do I get a list of yahoo tickers for NYSE
What are the different Credit Portfolio Management models and what are their advantages?
What are good online resources for credit portfolio managers?
Lease Accounting / FX Embedded Derivatives
How to build a factor model?
Can I do a GARCH model to forecast a time series?
How to fit a SARIMA + GARCH in R?
Effect of massive volatility on BS formula
How can I do a dynamic GARCH model using extended Kalman filter in R?
Implied Vol vs. Calibrated Vol
How to forecast bond price with time series
Garch for covariance matrix?
Value a structured note with Black-Scholes
What is the gross accounting relation of Cobb-Douglas function?
Hedging behind the decomposition of american put options
Portfolio optimzation : efficient frontier with respect to risk aversion parameter with R
Put-Call relationship for Option on Forward
How can I estimate the Ornstein-Uhlenbeck paramters of some mean reverting data that I have on R?
Difference between the two Bloomberg codes
Daily principal payments, accumulated on yearly basis in excel
Best written quantitative finance papers
Calculate efficient frontier using fPortfolio with incomplete set of returns
Simulating Brownian motion with jumps
Semi-variance/Downside Risk, what about the rest of the covariance matrix?
Black model: Delta - strike relationship regardless of expiry?
Why future (forward) volatility smile is important to path dependent option?
Building custom indices; getting data from web; stats analysis; Python or R?
Call option pricing using CCR model - derivation problem
What is the legal difference between ETFs, ETNs and ETCs
What is the relationship between arithmetic versus geometric averages and simple versus logarithmic prices?
Relationship between ADR in USD and original stock in GBP - Drift in price
Implied Volatility Calculation
ETNs as bank funding
Explain the unconditional covariance in Dynamic Conditional correlation( DCC ) GARCH model
Simulating a GBM with martingale condition - Ito process moving downwards
What does "convergence" in Monte Carlo simulation mean?
How to optimally hedge construction loans with interest rate swaps?
Risk Neutrality Necessary for Dual Delta Calculation?
Create Markets Bubble Indicator
"Extract" the density of the underlying, given the implied volatility "surface"
Jump-Diffusion Processes
Why is the volume of a product like SHV so high?
asian option – exotic option – real data, authentic examples?
Free source of historical ETF units outstanding data?
Hedge volatility decreases
Change of numeraire and reference asset
How to make the algo decide over a optimal selling point?
Standard Formula for Solvency II
Forward Credit Spreads
Geometric Variance
Covariance structure of call option surface
Pricing a call when minimum stock price above strike with certainty
Works of Nassim Taleb
The danger of using Principal Component Analysis (PCA) in Robust Optimization problems
Proof of Hamada's Formula (Relationship between levered and unlevered beta)
Seeking Advice for Exam FM regarding Derivatives Markets
How do I calculate the PPP adjusted exchange rate between two countries?
what data to use to compare the interest rate among different currencies?
matlab interpretation of johansen cointegration test
How do I find the entity identifier using BSYM?
Risk Neutral Measure
Where can i get a feed for country specific economic announcements?
On an application of Ito's lemma
Time 0 value of an American Put in Cox-Ross-Rubinstein model
Time value of option not always leading to an increased option value
Different ways to identify a co-integrated series?
Inferences with non-normal data
Source for Normalized File of ETF Holdings
Transition densities in the Heston model
Why is rate of return on the stock normally distributed under GBM?
Transformation into Martingale
Ito, Stochastic Exponential and Girsanov
Limits on Short selling
Raising money in IPOs
Correlated Random Number Generation using Sobol?
How to evaluate a success rate of a trading strategy
Where can I get historical fundamental data for multiple companies in a single CSV file?
Which bond corresponds to which curve?
How to properly assess the costs of replicating an index via futures contracts?
How to interpret the French-Fama SMB factor?
CAC40 components historical data
bond price formula in excel
Stationary distribution for square root process
Identity given in Shreve volume 1
Determining swaption prices using the characteristic function
Intraday versus daily volatility in slippage estimation
EDGX, EDGA, Nasdaq and Bats-Z Pricing in 2011
Calculate minimum IV increase to offset theta
Compute the (Net) Present Value
Quick way to extrapolate call price as function of strike
Calculating Asset Returns
Reference for drawdown, look ahead bias and survivorship bias
Implied volatility from American options using python
Method for finding a arbitrage opportunity when market price of call is incorrect
excel yearfrac 30u/360 across feb month end
Is a stationary process necessarily mean-reverting?
How to get positions of your portfolio from Interactive Brokers with python ibPy?
Getting Into Quant Field without Phd or Masters
Why normalize only data for CDSs for PCA?
Symbols for options on gold futures
Compute bond price with more coupon payments in a year
Small question about normalization
Problem - stationarity and relevance
Methodology for handling short american options in a back test
Annual dividend yield using option prices
Do I need to update the standard deviation into GARCH for the next step conditional variance predict?
Order routing: correlation of having same exchange for buy and sell
Why do I still see large orders?
Why do leveraged and inverse leveraged WTI ETNs have this price relationship?
The effect of negative interest rates on derivative pricing
What does it mean to change the currency of a spread between bonds from 2 different countries?
Portfolio of Assets
Sortino Ratio calculation
out-of-sample variance using rolling window
Implementing Minimum Leverage in an SOCP Portfolio Optimization
Technical analysis - Calculating Aroon Indicator Serie
What is a Basis Swap Curve?
Futures fair value with spot in different currency
Monte Carlo simulation returns not normal distributed
rollapply with Arima model: testing for stability of coefficients
US options market/microstruture research
Replication of the portfolio in single step binomial model
Empirical distribution function of overlapping time series data
Difference between Risk avoidance and Risk transfer
Dynamic Hedging for a Bond
Using Black-Scholes to price a geometric average price call
Validation of Bates SVJ model
Complete Multiperiod Binomial model
Distribution of running maximums of a log normal process
Discounted Stock Price
What is the use of options pricing formulas
Using Gordon's Growth Model to find value of corporation
Differences between editions of Security Analysis by Graham and Dodd?
Value-at-Risk of the sum of three independent lognormal random variables with different confidence level
Calibration of Heston version of CIR
OBV indicator calculation in R
Why is IV different between put and call of same strike
KeyError in Python code used to determine a trade signal for Pair Trading
Discount Curve built-up
How to calibrate volatility surface for Interest Rate Cap&Floor pricing
Is implied volatility flawed?
Finding historical data monthly data
A problem involving random walks from Shreve
IbPy download historical price data
Transforming Variables in Regression
Binomial tree vs trinomial tree in pricing options
Stock price is a martingale if the riskless interest rate is zero?
How to differentiate a brownian motion?
Confused on interpretation of betas/alphas in regression in finance
Braess's paradox in quantitative finance: When optionality leads to lower value...?
Calculate CVaR for a portfolio
Clarification of Saturation-Reset Regimes
Good book about replicating portfolios
Why aren't there any single owner companies over a billion dollars?
(Re) normalisation of random variable in Monte-Carlo simulations
forecasting trading costs with end of day data
The Law of One Price in a discrete model
Why the expected return rate of a stock has nothing to do with its option price?
What is the most efficient way to periodically download all new 10-K filings from SEC's EDGAR?
Kalman filtering
Discrete Trading to reduce speculation
Time between end of use of ticker symbol by one company and beginning of use by another?
Looking for paper: "Simulation and calibration of the HJM model" by Andersen
Is spoofing financially risky?
comparison of speech signal processing and financial data
New ways of communicating risk
Book recommendation for credit risk management for banking
Expectation of maximum draw down in the Brownian motion case
The meaning of Ornstein-Uhlenbeck parameters
Modelling turnovers with a random walk. Is it right?
how can I calculate the factor loading (beta)?
Machine learning to build top 3 price scenarios over n days
Quantum Mechanics and Economics... What
What are the main market efficiency measures in the stock market?
Opensource marketdata reference data for retail market
Models crumbling down due to negative (nominal) interest rates
Regarding "Two Singular Diffusion Problems" by William Feller
References for PD / LGD estimates of low-default portfolios
Market risk calculation for Fixed income position
Delta and gamma neutral
What is the current lowest possible latency for TCP communication?
"For any random variable $X$, someone will be willing to buy and someone to sell a financial instrument, whose final payoff is $X$."
Is it likely that banks would become clients of algotrading companies?
Random walks and using the reflection principle
Annuities problem
Constant Conditional Correlation GARCH (1,1)
Stochastic Optimal Control for ratios
probability that the stock price is below the strike price
Why is the variance of a portfolio a quadratic form?
How to infer correlation?
probability question about brownian motion
Where to find pricing formulas for affine stochastic volatility jump-diffusion models?
Pricing a zero with Vasicek model
Unsmoothing of returns
Solving a Non-Linear PDE using a Finite Difference Scheme
Stochastic Differentials - Ito's formula for a self-financing portfolio
martingale decomposition problem
American Call: when it's European?
Moving window forecasting in Python
References on Statistical Arbitrages
Modified duration in multi-currency portfolio
Bond in relation to US T-Bill/Risk-Free rate
forward option, stochastic calculus
Relationshiop between central bank official currency rates and spot forex
Comprehensive List of Regime Switching/ Change Point Models
Modeling market sentiment and pricing options by volume, open interest
Delta derivation from the expectation
Gamma derivation from the expectation
equality in distribution
How to price lookback american option when its payment is distributed during its life
What are the main market anomalies/inefficiencies detected in quantitative finance?
stochastic calculus - Itô formula?
How to deal with missing returns when creating value (equal) weighted returns
parameters in Heston model and their impact on volatility smile
Buying OTM puts and then selling stock
Calculation of bond spot rates
stochastic calculus - brownian motion
Term Structure and short rates
How to measure the performance of an systematic option strategy
Intuitive Reasoning for Using Risk-Neutral Measure
Pricing digital options in discrete time
Black Scholes Model Replicating Strategy Delta Hedged Exam Question
Calculating units in a cross currency short trade
When would dedicated portfolios do better than 'immunized' portfolios?
remove seasonality in future contracts
Direct use of implied volatility
Why is the volatility smile important
Portfolio Selection formulation
Short Volatility
S&P 500 total return since 1956
Forex trading scenarios - calculating units
Systematic Views in Black-Litterman?
Cointegration and variance of time series
B-S Put Option Formula: Derivation using expected value under Q
Why is TransactTime not required on ExecutionReports?
Volume or Volatility?
Pricing call option
How is the Order priority of an Iceberg order decided?
Martingale Measure for Vasicek process
Leverage on ETF the same effect as on portfolio?
How can I convert Yahoo Ticker Symbols into ISIN Codes?
Zero coupon bond pricing under Extended Hull & White
For $B_t$ a Brownian motion what is the probability that $B_1>0$ and $B_2<0$?
A good way to calculate the realised daily volatility
Clean EOD global Equities data provider for backtesting investment strategies
Building a personal computer for automated trading/analysis...what bottlenecks could I run into?
Budget Constraint in Duffie's book
Filtering my own orders from a UDP multicast market data feed
Application of Control Theory in Quantitative Finance
Why Variations of order higher than two vanish for Brownian motion?
Fractional Brownian motion
The source of "Cost of hedging" in the Black Scholes model
Why is volume a totally independent variable from price?
Show that in an arbitrage-free and non-redundant market a certain set is compact
Short volatility strategy using strangles
Why does the short rate in the Hull White model follow a normal distribution?
Cointegration tests: how do you accurately test the necessity of time trends in the Johansen and Engle-Granger Test?
Z-Score calculation for a win-loss streak
Computing Value at Risk for portfolio in R
Why can CDS indices be used as a bond market index?
Show that the equation solves the Black-Scholes PDE
Why dynamics of local volatility is wrong?
Negative time value european options
Why is the black-scholes model arbitrage free when σ>0?
High frequency price forecast model ARMA GARCH or another?
Is R being replaced by Python at quant desks?
How can I make this portfolio self-financing?
Can not understand options pricing
Order Book vs Wallet Updates
Estimate simple option price without a calculator
Density of Geometric BM via Fokker-Planck
R package for portfolio
Why Must Dividends Be Reinvested to Use Risk-Neutral Pricing?
Where to get historical daily settlement price of each VSTOXX futures contract
Value-at-Risk Calculation with respect to the Capital Requirements
Why must a replicating portfolio be self-financing?
Why we consider second derivative w.rt price but only first derivative w.r.t time and volatility
Are these steps correct to calculate Value-at-Risk with a Monte Carlo simulation?
Negative high frequency intraday volatility - Zhou estimator
simple, intuitive barrier option derivation
A Difference between Local Vol and Stochastic Vol Models
How to effectively hedge a Fixed-Term deal in a foreign currency?
How to identify the orders p and q for ARIMA model using least squares method?
Arbitrage question
Zero coupon bonds
How to create a basket of currency pairs with the lowest correlation in R?
Derivation of HJB equation
Is the Binomial Tree Model not self-financing?
Option Pricing under Jump Diffusion Models
Portfolio volatility
Need for Binomial Representation Theorem
Markowitz portfolio optimization question
Expected Utility and $\log$
What's the point of discounting in risk-neutral pricing?
Black Scholes Formula, drift term
pdf of simple equation, compound Poisson noise
Obtaining intra-day values of the EUR-USD exchange
How to calculate the JdK RS-Ratio
Black Scholes Model and Dividends
Why Lie groups, differential geometry and string theory relate to MF?
Matlab loop statement is driving me mad
Mean reversion time estimation
Calculating or finding info about the value of a market? for example Cloud Storage
Questions about exponential Brownian motion
Compare performance buy-and-hold strategies after stock-split
List competitors for a given stock?
Multidimensional Ito's Lemma for Vector-Valued functions
How to check that an interest rate curve is arbitrage free
the incremental value of Kelly Criterion under difference circumstances
FOMC Unscheduled Meetings
Bloomberg tick data timezone offset
Bloomberg scripting language (BLAN)
Test .mql4 (meta trader 4 editor) when the fx market offline
Variance replication using options
Pie-chart (or alternative) representation with negative values/liabilities
Using FX ATM/RR/BF Volatility to Estimate Smile
Questions on the relationship between option price and maturity
Speeding up computations: when to use Quasi and standard Monte-Carlo in pricing
Pricing Treasury futures
Which kind of normalization to prefer before PCA (generic solution for any factor analysis)
Is Trading in the Underlying Necessary for Replication?
Math background required to understand geometric brownian motion
How to calculate beta against a multi-asset benchmark
ASX level 2 data via API
Bond yield: is it martingale with respect to risk-neutral probability measure of some numeraire?
Interpretation of Correlation
How can a beginner trader make use of 'volatility of volatility'
Relation between Parkinson number and historical volatility
How can put options be more expensive than call options in an efficient market?
Difference between ito process, brownian motion and random walk
How to compute/find the volatility of an index like the S&P 500 to be used to control risk exposure?
Effect of volatility on the delta of a call option
How to compute the variance of this stochastic integral?
Calibration Merton Jump-Diffusion
bootstrap asset allocation
returns of Bonds and exchange rates
Underlying mechanics of paired class shares ETFs
Best way to do multithread Monte-Carlo in QuantLib
What are your list of concept or model in standard textbooks that are always reliable to used in working?
calculate YTD return / find first available datapoint of a year in python
SEC 10-Q/K Filings
How can I calculate the Maximum Drawdown MDD in python
How google finance calculates beta of a stock
Modern portfolio theory in practice
Multivariate Itô's lemma
The State-Price Deflator in a Binomial pricing model
Binomial pricing model: When the Cox-Ross-Rubinstein assumption is not arbitrage-free
Is the Brownian motion multiplication rule a definition or is it a theorem?
Regression model when samples are small and not correlated
Sums of random variables and independence
GARCH modelling and forecasting
How can index futures trade 24/7 when the index doesn't change?
Stochastic calculus: what am I doing wrong?
Derivation of Stochastic Vol PDE
Why is $C(t,S_t)/B_t$ a martingale?
Transaction costs on option trades
Quantitative Finance Programming Language
One state variables implies perfect correlation of returns?
Compute cross-gamma
Difference between Tick data and NASDAQ ITCH VIEW
importing columns of returns data into python from excel/csv
Uses of Volatility models
Forecasting using GARCH in R
Why is "Deferred revenue" a non-monetary liability?
Beta Constrained Markowitz Minimum Variance Portfolio - Closed Form Solution
How do I interpret yield curve data points given by the US Treasury?
Apply CAPM using returns on a foreign currency as the market returns
Zero rates coupon bond calculation
European option and American option are equivalent in this case?
Corporate finance exercise book
Tradeable => Satisfies pricing equation?
Zero rate vs. yield on coupon bearing bond
Residuals in the Ljung box test
What is the borne function mentioned in this paper?
What's Risk-Neutral in an Interest Rate Model?
Online database of ETF & Mutual Fund Fees?
Constant decreasing volatility, GARCH forecasting
Do I need simulink to model the risks of an option portfolio
What is the distribution assumption of the black scholes model
Measure difference between estimations and historic returns
Covariance Matrix vs. Volatility Matrix
Why the difference between SPY and ^GSPC?
bandwith portfolio rebalancing in python
Greeks: Why does my Monte Carlo give correct delta but incorrect gamma?
How to decide if the ARCH coefficient is necessary in the GJR-GARCH model?
Where to get long time historical intraday data?
Binomial representation of stochastic processes
EGARCH formulation
Higher expected value and same variance implies weak dominance?
Calculating Fees (Kane, Marcus, and Trippi)
Is there any theoretical work to find an optimum size for the size of horizon in finite-horizon optimization or control?
Black Scholes with Dilution
How to short an option?
Simulate (imaginary) asset prices using random numbers that follow a Frank Copula
American put for negative interest rates
API that provides Zero Coupon Bond Yield Curves?
Forecasting problem with Geometric Brownian Motion in Wolfram Mathematica
Do Regional Central Banks have API's?
Looking for the conventions for EONIA swaps used to define EONIA swap rates
Looking for a definition of financial entropy
Option arbitrage with dividends?
Export security description data from bloomberg into excel
Combining modern portfolio theory and Kelly betting?
Using Spot Rates to construct Zero-Coupon Bond Yield Curve
Compound Interest Calculation (Years + Months)
Calculate single cashflow at maturity for a Total Return Inflation swap (zero coupon)
Why using the swap curve as riskfree rate and no longer gov bonds?
Initial values for Heston Model calibration
Black-Scholes under stochastic interest rates
Distribution of Black Scholes call option price at time 0<t <T
Negative Interest Rate & Basis Models
Using cross-sectional factor model (BARRA type) returns in a time series factor model (Fama-French type)?
Basic LIBOR curve question
Swiss Zero-Coupon Bond Yield Curve Data
Value of European Call equals Value of American Call, Question on Explanation/Proof
Books on Market Risk for practice problems
Reproducing levels when PCA has been done on changes
Physical or Real-world Probability Measure
Parametrizing the Radon Nikodym
Calculating the rate of return over a year then the data for a year before does not exist
FX Portfolio Volatility Targeting
Variable Drift Ornstein–Uhlenbeck Process
"Hedging" a put option, question on exercise
Why do people always seek finite-variance models for option pricing
Fama French model-small market beta (weird)
Why/How does a hedged portfolio make profits?
Portfolio Return Contribution by Sectors
What interest rate should I use for testing the covered interest parity?
What are "Autoquotes"?
Completeness and Hedging Question
Disaggregating stock performance and dividend yield
Regression model syntax
replicating strategy three step binomial
Benchmarking option pricing under stochastic interest rates
How to tackle this exercise about Ito's formula?
Monthly Return Net of Fees
Implied volatility interview question
How to hedge a put under the Black-Scholes model?
Can Gaussianity of returns depend on the time frame?
Importance Sampling - where to center the sampling distribution?
Is there a relation between these two forecasting/estimation approaches?
Dividend as a function of stock
When to adjust portfolio weights?
Calculating Greeks using BinomialTree in Matlab
What are Sell Imbalance-Only Orders?
Lipschitz condition in mathematical finance
Kenneth R. French data base on momentum and size: construction and how to use it concretely with momentum only
How do you deal with Inflation lag in a MC simulation?
Residual Covariance Matrix, and MVO for Residual Variance and Alpha
Option Pricing Model Calibration In Practice
Multi-asset class allocation
Parameters variation in fundraising financial model
Does heteroskedasticity of returns depend on the time frame?
LIBOR with different tenor
Reference Request: Horse Race for Portfolio Allocation
Sharpe ratio and leverage
Extracting Signal from Noisy Data
How to price an European Call/Put Option of a jump difussion Process?
Measuring Volatility from Execution Prices
How to use calibrated Standard Stochastic Volatility?
how does a bond maturing affect the pricing of the corresponding CDS?
Price of an American call option
Confidence Intervals of Stock Following a Geometric Brownian Motion
Seasonal patterns in financial markets (weekday effects)
Have Goldman Sachs Quantitative Strategies Research Notes been published as a book or a comprehensive collection?
The Distribution of Future Stock Price
Interpretation of Drift
Capital gains and dividends tax arbitrage
Unique risk neutral measure for Brownian Motion
Why is my YTM incorrect? How does accrued interest play into Yield to Maturity?
VaR calculation accuracy/comparison/effectiveness through different R packages
Arbitraging upward sloping yield curve
Why there are almost no book for revenue analytic?
Availability of TotalView-ITCH data
Jacobian transformation
ISM PMI data - sector trend through ranking and seasonal decomposition
Options on Volatility Control Index
Covariance between two stocks in a two-factor model
Arbitrage bounds for Black-Scholes
Hedging portfolio and extraction PDE of SV model with stochastic interest rate
Does price of american (put) option exhibit smooth pasting in time direction under B-S model?
Acquiring large sets of price series
Local volatility parametrization using the spot
Bridgewater's Daily Observations
Model a floating rate BBB yield curve
Is there a Bloomberg field for the first trading date after an event?
Estimate market risk premium?
How to select optimal look back period for statistical arbitrage?
Boundary conditions of PDE from SV model with stochastic interest rate
Sharpe Maximization under Quadratic Constraints
How should I use central banks rates in order to compute 2-day forward exchange rate on EURUSD
If I have found a way to predict stocks trend with 58% accuracy, is it good?
order routing for a fill
Pricing employee stock options
Are there references about liquidation, transaction, market impact costs in portfolio optimization
How can I calculate $Cov\left(\int_{0}^{s}W_u\,du\,\,\,,\,\int_{0}^{t}W_v\,dv\right)$
Ho-Lee Model; Please explain
Why $W_{t}^3$ is not a martigale?(by Definition)
Major categories of tradable securities and the ETF's that track them?
Finding the Interest Compounded with Bank Advertising Yield
Yield for valuation of illiquid corporate bond
The difference in sign bias test in detecting the exist of asymmetric effects and the adequacy of symmetric GARCH model.
Pricing an American call under the CGMY model
How can one get broker order data?
The greeks: where do they come from?
Using IRR to calculate future value of cashflow
Why can't you arb skew by buying options with low implied vol and selling high implied vol in the same month and dynamically hedging?
Numerical example of how to calculate local vol surface from IV surface
Hedging - calculating option prices using implied volatility surface
How can one value a Bermuda option?
Aggregate interactive brokers data in matlab
Matlab Portfolio Optimization with bid ask spread
Accuracy of GARCH& ARCH forecast
Fitting High Frequency Indicators
Underlying Sample Space in Continuous Market Model
Johansen test on two stocks (for pairs trading) yielding annoying results
Conversion of SPY prices to ES prices
Extended CIR and discretization
conferences for credit portfolio managers
Joint probability distribution only measures product sets?
Ito's formula for Jump process
Why risk-free interest is needed for Margrabe's Formula?
List of momentum indicators
Reflection Principle
What is type of Operating income to total assets ratio?
Long-Term Government Bond Yields
Speed of mean reversion of an interest rate model
Comparing a money-weighted return of my own portfolio with a benchmark ETF/other portfolio that is subject to the same cashflows
good R package for vectorized option pricing
Stochastic Calculus Rescale Exercise
volatility factor
Calculating rate of renewal for Certificate of Deposit
Measure the effect of a natural disaster on a stock market index
Range options in BS
Can you tell me what this RBloomberg formula means?
Fractals indicator (Bill Williams) R Quantstrat
Boundary Condition for Convertible Bond under Two-factor Model Interest Rate
According to Lo and MacKinlay (1990), momentum profits can be divided in 3 parts. What do they represent exactly?
Proving $\mathbb{E}(g(X)) = \int_{\mathbb{R}} g(x) f(x) dx$
Do futures follow physical or risk-neutral distributions
Distribution of stochastic integral
Is probability implied by binary FX options risk neutral or real world?
What is the best data structure/implementation for representing a time series in C#?
Closed form solution of PDE of Option Price
What is the machine learning language of choice in this industry for unsupervised learning
Time discretisations, FDM vs FEM
Geometric Brownian Motion in a general interval $[t_1,t_2]$
Problem with Naive Bootstrapping (US Government Bonds)
In this scenario could gamma be higher for OTM options?
How to optimize return in a moving average crossover algorithm
Shorting a Synthetic Long
Is there a countably infinite Sigma-Algebra? Why?
How do I calculate what % of price hits R1 before pivot
Heston Model Option Price Formula
Any package to run VAR-GARCH or VECM-GARCH models in R?
Annualised Sharpe Ratio for Index vs Index Benchmarking
How to do a Brownian Bridge with quasi-random numbers in the Heston model?
VaR calculation methods of options
How to use Halton sequence in monte carlo simulation
Implied volatility and nonconstant volatility
Forced to exercise gap options
Applying Time Delay Neural Network to financial events
Estimating correlation using EWMA
Extracting Default probability from a single CDS
Two different ways of pricing that leads to two answers
Beta between stock and option
How to get Stock Fundamental time series data?
Orderbook Arbitrage
Issue with Naive Bootstrapping (US Government Bonds)
how we can derive $PIDE$ of double exponential Jump-diffusion model (we know as kou model)?
How to record tick data from Google/Yahoo Finance data streams?
Quantitative Real Estate Investment Finance
PDE vs TREE vs MC vs Analytical
convert three months interbank rate into monthly rate
Getting ETF data from google finance
GARCH model, expectation of volatility?
How to adapt a Moving Average period to market conditions?
Estimating $\mu$ - only increasing $T$ improves estimate?
Asian Option with Geometric Averaging
What are Barra style factors useful for?
How to construct a cointegrating vector using more than 2 price series in R?
how do I loop through all the stocks with quantmod and ttr?
Calibration of non-mean-reverting OU process
Test Log-Normality for LIBOR forward rates under the Libor Market Model
American put option and rising interest rate
How to use quantlib with excel?
Black-Scholes formula with deterministic interest rate and dividend yield
Solving the Bootstrapping equation when matrix is non-square
Calculate put price with Black-Scholes and one discrete dividend
Probability of Closing Stock Price Over a Defined Period
Why do stocks fall so quickly? Technical explanations
Identifiability of a state space model (Dynamic Linear Model)
Is the Black-Scholes model price a bijection on the interval of static arbitrage free prices
Compare events effect on stock prices from different time periods
Values for Heston Model Parameters
Fama-French Data from daily to monthly returns
What's the disadvantage of using linear programming for portfolio optimization?
Expert System for Credit Scoring
Modeling EOD ETFs price returns together or individually?
Why are Quantquote historical trades different vom ActiveTick historical trades
Simulation of Heston process
Understanding Quandl Futures Data
Interpretation of Johansen cointegration test in R
Should earnings be modelled normally or lognormally?
Which distribution do I get?
How free are we in risk-neutral distributions?
How does one simulate intraday strategies which don't end up flat at the close?
Markov-Switching Multifractal and FX Rates
Why is CSA currency OIS rate used in discounting instead of local currency OIS?
Broker or source of intraday futures data for a python API?
Vega in Heston / Bates Model
Real world monte-carlo (P-measure)
Texts on the Generalized Method of Moments
Latency and Delays across Exchanges
analytic formula for the value of an American put option
Intrepreting the Capital Market Line plot
Geometric Brownian Motion - Why Sqrt(dt)?
What is wrong in my investment calculation
Calculating Net Annualized Return on LendingClub historical data
Monte Carlo, convexity and Risk-Neutral ZCB Pricing
Does it make sense to interpret autocorrelation and box test on 5 data points?
How to interpret Realized Volatility and TSRV using R
How does one estimate the probability of the Fed increasing its benchmark rate based on Fed funds futures?
Evaluation of the semi-closed Heston pricing formula for call options
Approximating the IV of an underlying from Individual Options IV
Settlement/Spot/(bid ask spread) ratio
What P&L netting should one use when a strategy has trades in two different geographic locations?
Why square root of volatility in Heston model?
Intuitive Explanation for Volatility Smile for Equity
How to get list of all symbols in fred database?
Computation of Expectation
Where to download Earnings Conference Call transcripts?
What is some book that is complete and easy but hard enough to serve as prerequisite for asset pricing and portfolio choice theory?
justification of square root process
What are commercial impact models and transaction cost analysis models out there for simulation?
How to scale $\alpha$, trading costs in a standard portfolio optimization problem
Forecast of ARMA-GARCH model in R
Issues with +100 symbols in Quantstrat, Erratic Trades
Negative adjusted strike in Levy's Asian option approximation?
Fit linear model to higher moments of CAPM
What are some examples of non-solvable SDE where Monte Carlo discretization is necessary
How would it be possible to use Dynamic Programming to search a space of investment strategies to find an optimum?
Consumption Based Asset Pricing
Momentum - Statistical Argument
Spot price and volatility has a correlation of -1, why?
How to discretize a GBM under P- and Q-measures?
Is there any research on pyramiding techniques of entering/exiting a trend?
Are all stocks and stock indexes just white noise
Proving Derivative Property of Moment-Generating Function
Wrong discount factors when finding Nelson Siegel Svensson model parameters
What Exactly is Expected Return
American vs European Options on equity index options
Standard term for the components of a distribution waterfall?
Quantlib FRA with shifted start date
Numerical Solutions for PIDE
Understanding how to obtain Nelson Siegel Svensson parameters
Libor OIS basis swap equation
calculating portfolio volatility
Why is Indian rupee is stable against the USD even though most other currencies weakening?
Setting input parameters for Nelson Siegel Svensson model
Newbie Quant: Bulding price feeder to securities master db
Correlation Between 2 Portfolios
optimization with absolute constraints
Asset pricing - Technology
European call down and out option (geometric Brownian motion, Monte Carlo, Euler)
Long-term proportion of convex and concave strategies in artificial financial markets
market change, correlation and estimation bias
How can a share price be different on its open than it was on the previous close?
Bayesian logit model in Psychometric or Behavioural Testing for Credit Scoring in Developing Countries
What‘s the definition of static arbitrage?
Understanding $N(d_1)$ and how to use the stock itself as the numeraire?
Term to Maturity when calculating discount function
To currency hedge or not to currency hedge (ETFs)?
soft vs hard contraints in portfolio optimizations
why many option contract price less than minimum boundary price?
Transforming coupon bond returns to ZC bond returns
Comparing Equity Funds
Carry Trade vs synthetic Carry Trade using forward contracts
Calculating discount factors using Nelson Siegel Svensson model
About the boundary conditions of the Black-Scholes-Merton PDE
Understanding portfolio weights and purchasing stock in modern portfolio theory
Compound Discounting(?)
Rebalancing portfolio weights
Legitimate input parameters for Nelson Siegel Svensson model
How to learn QuantLib-python at first?
Connection between implied volatily and implied probability
Greeks of a swaption using Brigo
How to perform risk budgeting for non-linear portfolios?
Impact of big order on price
Why $N(d_1)$ and $N(d_2)$ are different in Black & Scholes
Gain/loss-asymmetry in artificial financial markets?
how to convert notional to nominal of bond future to ctd bond
FORECASTING Model AR(1) in an Autoregressive Form The Pi´s Parameters
Tools/R-code to create gain/loss-asymmetry plots
Orthogonal Regression/PCA
Garch models and assumption of stationarity ?
How difficult/easy it is to migrate from CME FAST to CME MDP3.0?
Delta hedging cost of exotic options?
Constructing NS-Svensson parameters with zero coupon AND coupon bonds
Difference between Closing Price, Last traded price and Settlement Price for option contracts?
Expected Shortfall alternative formulation
Derivation using Ito's Lemma of price process
Ledoit-Wolf portfolio weights calculation
Given cash flows, what is the interest rate of the following contract?
compute technical indicators from candle data
Why is the value of debt modeled as a short put option in Merton's model?
Likelihood of a caplet ending in the money
Fed Funds Rate: longer maturities
Is there a considered floor for variation the 1st principal component must explain?
Forward parity in fixed income
What market making strategies are often used nowadays ？
Issue with OLS Regression for Nelson Siegel Svensson parameters
Interpreting and scaling of Realized Variance with sample data
Self-Frontrunning Arbitrage
Pair trading based on cointegration - equity line
Is $\frac{P(t,S)}{P(t,T)}$ martingale?
List of Economic Data for Index Forecast
Correct Theoretical Discount Factors from Nelson-Siegel-Svensson?
Value at Risk for Futures Contracts
Option prices in Bates SVJ model?
Calculating Accrued Interest of Bonds
Understanding how to calculate Accrued Interest of Bonds
Calculating 6-minute, 20-minute, 45-minute, and 3-hour volatility
Futures vs. spot for currencies - who is the leader
How is implied volatility derived?
Why does Bloomberg's HRH test the simple returns for normality?
Is there a limit to the number of Spot rates than can be calculated from Par Yields
Linear combination of geometric Brownian motion
Overstating Interest Rates?
Introduction to Multiple Curve construction
Is volatility for the next day forecastable? To any extent?
Calculate turnover for portfolio
What is the logic behind this backtesting code in R
Forecast biasness of VIX term structure
Multiplying by the Square Root of Twelve to calculate annual standard deviation
Order Execution Algorithms
NZX market depth data
Can a large OpenInt of calls cause a stock to go down?
Why is the spot price not used as the forward price when a forward contract is created?
Selecting bonds to be used in Nigel-Siegel Svensson OLS Regression
what are database for downloading Spatial Data?
Why AREN'T forward rates what the market expects of the spot rates?
More cache friendly linked list or alternative with optimal append, delete, and ordered traversal for limit order book?
where can I get the intraday data for S&P 500
Percentage of Russell 2000 stocks listed on NYSE and Nasdaq?
Determining significant difference between to return series
predict next day's close price using hmm
Numerical Solution to BS PDE - Digital Option
Correct form for State Space Equation for Kalman Filter for DNS
How to evaluate minimum-variance strategies against perfect information mvp
Is it realistic to assume that the current price of a stock takes into account the probability of it going up or down in the future?
CNY Devaluation: Why EUR up, USD down?
Examples for the option model validation
How can I compare two mutual funds' performance with a sparse set of data?
Financial theory
Why does increased stock borrow costs decrease a stock's forward price?
Realized Volatility vs. Standard deviation of log returns
Measuring momentum as AR(1) process
Return.portfolio error from PerformanceAnalytics package
Option writing optimal sell time
Where do Over-allotment (Greenshoe) option shares come from?
GARCH estimation does not work, error in my returns?
Future value of the debt under Merton model
What mathematical models did Harry Markopolos run to prove that Bernie Madoff 1% a month gain was a Ponzi scheme?
Is the stock price process a martingale or a random walk in efficient markets?
U.S. Rate Hike Prediction
Expected Utility
Ideas about Stochastic volatility models
What does the cointegration coefficient represent in pairs trading when cointegrating log stock prices?
2-step estimation of DCC GARCH model in Python
How to calibrate a volatility surface using SVI
Does No arbitrage(NA) imply efficient markets (EMH)?
ROC -- Output from Calculating Stock Returns Producing Lower Numbers Than Actual
Analytical solution for a modified Black-Scholes equation
what are the criteria to select pairs?
Bond price in Ho-Lee Model
market neutral weights and cash values
Why Jumps in Option Pricing models?
When valuing a vanilla option on an index, should we take dividend into account?
Change periodicity on Rblpapi
Is there any application of power law to predict large returns?
Weights Blowing up in PCA
How to measure the volatility of illiquid bond with no historical prices
When measuring autocorrelation should you use log returns or prices?
Good broad review of network modeling for quant finance?
GARCH filtering and extreme value theory
Analytical soluton to the Black-Scholes equation with a modified European Call Option
Citable source: Why implied volatility over dollar prices
Derive OIS rate from IRS rate and Fed Funds/Libor basis spread
Choosing Optimum Sampling Frequency
R quantstrat backtest with dollar based position sizing
What is the difference between market equilibrium and market efficiency? equilibrium implies efficiency?
Expected value of bivariate lognormal spread
stochastic calculus and multidimentional itos lemma
Risks Associated with Option Arbitrage Portfolio
Investor choice problem
How to weigh many factors using a SMA/EMA
How do I calculate approximate equity liquidity?
need help with Donchian-channels function!
How to calculate Skulls Financial Turbulence for one asset?
Strange / Incorrect / Unusual Data on Google Finance 1988
How to handle currency change in exchange rate volatility measurement
Distress firms and cross section returns
VIX Calculation - weighting of strikes
Question about find no arbitrage trading strategy
Rebucketing Risk using PCA/other methods
Smoothening yield curve by minimizing forward curve slope
Explain equation to calculate CDS spread
How do right-to-break clauses affect CVA calculations
Vega hedging with implied volatility smile
Hidden/Dark Pool Hedge Funds
Stiffness of numerical methods for SDE
The best way to generate market scenarios
How to arrive at expectation of negative utility function via Taylor series expansion
Realtime Exchange Rate Data API
Relationships between white noise and random walk
Specifying integration level of time series
reference for elementary mortgage math
How are Quandl monthly S&P500 earnings estimates derived?
Yahoo finance, interactive chart and historical prices are different
HFT to blame for Flash Crashes?
How are netting sets determined for CVA calculation?
Is variance additive only under Log-returns?
What exotic options are exchange-traded?
Up and Down days in GBPUSD and a Filter
Historical UK Gilt 2-year and 5-year data
Futures Parameters for Value at Risk
Parametric VaR with Student-t distribution
Option with payoff $K^2/S^2$
What are some quantitative trading strategies used by high-frequency trading companies to make a killing on a market crash day on 24Aug2015?
Thesis using Momentum strategies in R, tips on good books, guidelines etc on how to do the programming?
Ledoit-Wolf Shrinkage estimator not giving positive definite covariance matrix
Shrinkage Estimator giving unrealistic portfolio variances
Feynman Kac Formula for path-dependent options
Interpretation of vega out of BS formula
Calculating unweighted performance of stocks within a period
does there need to be risk-neutral agents in the market to enforce risk-neutral pricing?
How to find optimal noise covariance matrices Q & R
Approximate asian geometric option with Heston
Portfolio Strategies Project
How to calculate the estimation error of portfolio variance using propagation results?
Calculate and compare IRR among products and companies
Historical calibration of Hull-White model
Projecting cash flows via Monte Carlo Simulation
Put-Call Parity Arbitrage Exploitation for Binary-Asset-or-Nothing Options
Force of Interest Compounding at Annual Rate i
Sharpe Ratio for strategies with different rebalancing period
Why does changing the time step size in my Monte Carlo simulation change my result a lot?
Sources of index data (MSCI, FTSE, S&P etc.)?
Definition of sharpe ratio maximising and variance minimising portfolios
Adjusting index betas for spread DV01
How to interpret this CDS spread sensitivity pattern?
Want to understand the links and relationship between all the risk metrics?
Isolating single assets standard deviation in a portfolio accounting for correlation
How to calculate yield spread?
Full Kelly portfolios having same weights as tangency portfolios
Difference between Sharpe Ratio and Information Ratio
number of trades - flaw in White Reality Check?
labeling high frequency signal data
Send TRAIL STOP order when price hits a certain level, with IB TWS
Bloomberg implied volatility smile for equities
How to calculate annualised tracking error?
Research topics - neural networks and market liquidity
Numerical computation of Heston model Integral: Simpsone Rule or Gauss-Legendre Method
Portfolio Hedging under Uncertain Correlations
Utility Theory - How to show that this exponential utility function is wealth-independent?
Modeling credit utilization and stock market growth
What is this ratio: expected returns on stock divided by risk free rate?
Why the negative sign in modified duration relationship
Why QuantLib computes the fixed-leg swap rate by this formula?
Performance of Open Source Time Series Database for Financial Market Data
Gamma Imbalance Explanation
What is the correlation of stock options?
Utility Theory - Certainty equivalent approximation formula derivation
Source of market or security attribute information?
How to calculate Credit VaR?
Original Fundamental Accounting Data (Not Ratios)
Calculate and plot historical volatility with Python
How to user GARCH(p,q) to identify most volatile sector?
Automated Import of 10-Q and 10-K Statements in XBRL Format from SEC.gov
How to use physics models in Time Series Analysis and Forecasting.
Density forecast of a GARCH model
What is the tail index for NIG and/or VG?
Futures Holiday Schedule
How to calculate volatility on intraday data?
what is the cost for rolling 5 year german future?
Is there any index calculation methodology that is suitable when constituents change frequently?
Why t (time) in Black Scholes & Binomial defined as year?
CVA for an inflation linked swap
credit risk - How to calculate the probability of default (private companies)?
How to forecast high-frequency data?
Estimating an appropriate haircut for illiquid stocks
How to calculate $E^{T_N}(L(T_i, T_{i+1}))$?
Multivariate GARCH in Python
why is there a cancel/replace message in FIX?
is there an analytical proof that vega-neutral also provides (gamma & theta) neutral?
Get institutional holdings of stocks programmatically
volume-returns cross correlation interpretation
How can I use Thomson Reuters Eikon to get a list of large historical companies?
how are gaps usually handled in market data received with multicast?
The portfolio whose return is the stochastic discount factor
In what way are capital increases usually advertised?
Interpretation of "alpha" --- industry vs academia
Utility Theory and portfolio optimization - Proof of a lemma
Any idea of compound Poisson processes in betting?
Stressed Value at Risk vs Value at Risk
Discrete Hedging of Options
Function A(t,T) in one-factor Hull-White model
Why are netted positions more volatile?
How to compute the volatility for the Merton's Model for Private firm?
Conversion factor for bond with coupon=yield
Segmented investment to yield same monthly return in each segment
A question on immunization and Macaulay duration
Cross-sectional moments
How does rehypothecation cause systemic risk?
Probability of Stock breaching barrier
Calculating portfolio weights of derivatives
Calculate short log return including fees
Momentum - skipping the most recent month
Why linear interpolation not appropriate for volatility surface construction?
Macaulay Duration: Duration for 2 bonds
Sum of two GARCH(1,1) Models
How to calculate returns and sharpe ratio for futures?
Why does the credit exposure of a forward increase with time
CallableFloatingRateBond in QuantLib: just a matter of multiple inheritance?
Why can't we use Finite Differences with non-parabolic PDEs?
Where am I making a mistake in my calculation of profit on a short-sale?
Risk Neutral Variance Gamma
Aggregating growth rates
Credit exposure of a long CDS
Is there a de-facto standard identifier scheme for indexes?
QuantLib C++: Friendship dilemma between derived class from PiecewiseYieldCurve and Bootstrap class
Finding Arbitrage in two Puts
Fed FOMC Target Rate annnouncement machine readable data point
Where do quants get historical FOMC meetings events for backtesting?
optimization to maximize number of positive days
Simple question about FX carry trade
Portfolio insurance strategy with path dependence
Trying to understand the sign of Theta
Why some exchanges enforce that you send the total quantity (fill qty + open qty) when changing the order size?
Will rolling-down-yield-curve bond strategy work if interest rates remain unchanged?
Jegadeesh and Titman 1993 Power of their test
Is it OK to consider the expected return is zero for stocks when calculating VaR over a short horizon?
Why is my Euler discretization error increasing with number of steps?
Volatility smile risk (negative effect) on dynamically hedged portfolio?
Does it make sense to calculate Fama-French betas of a single stock?
Why the value of this portfolio is negative?
Risk neutral drift vs real world
Does Kalman filter always improve over linear regression?
What is an estimated rise in the interest rate of the 10-year Treasury in this scenario?
Quantlib FuturesRateHelper triggers not a valid IMM date error
Reconciling forecasted growth of components and sum
What do you do with low r-squared when calculating high-frequency beta
Multiperiod return formulae with dividends
Exchange rate conversion
How does tranching cause leverage?
Binary Option valuation problem in R using RQuantLib; also result validation aspect
How do you calculate price of non-existant call option on commodity future
Real-time Tick Filtering
Vendor data aggregation for Options on Futures
Seeming arbitrage in excess reserves
Kurtosis in asset logarithmic returns
Need help understanding basics of cash flow engineering
Implied rate of a bond question
Jabbour-Kramin-Young ABMC Binomial Parameterization
Computation of option vega under CEV
Quantlib bootstraping fails on 5y swap
Fitting (marginal/multivariate) distributions to financial return data
Adjust regression for thin trading
Jacobian for Newton method for American options by front fixing
How to get the IMM dates in Python for a given symbol?
Volatility of Multiple Stocks
Tests for Mean Reversion in a Portfolio Rebalancing
Max option leverage strike
Why can't marginal CVA be used in pricing?
How to predict daily range of forex?
How we decide the target price for stock
Why is credit exposure higher for a smaller probability of default than for a larger default?
Is credit exposure conditional on default?
regression analysis
RQuantLib FixedRateBondPriceByYield() Non-tradable error
Are there missing methods in QuantLib python?
Testing day of the week effect
What is the minimum price change required for a trading position increase of 1?
Where can I get alerts for future delisting?
Immunization: Whats the best way to hedge my short interest rate exposure?
How to interpret regression coefficients with dummy explanatory variables?
How to use Chow Lin method?
Something is wrong with my MtM calculation
How to extract sentiment from Yahoo finance message board?
How can the time value portion of an option be higher than 100%?
how negative rates (mr and rf) affect CAPM
Is it possible to derive a reasonable USD yield curve using only publicly/freely available data sources?
derivation of the hedging error in a black scholes setup
Raw (level) variable is significant while log return is not significant
Callable bond price sensitivity to Hull-White volatility changes
can an fx forward price simply be divided into 1 to quote the inverse?
Execution quality for illiquid securities
Initial holdings of bonds with delta hedging (Black Scholes model)
How to calculate conversion parity for convertible bond?
the cash flows behind closing out futures positions
put call parity for futures options derivation in Hull
KMV-Merton Probabilties of Default vs Moody's EDF
What information should be delivered to the client so they have enough information to manage their exchange rate risks?
GARCH model why we take assumption that returns arei.i.d. random variable?
Test for difference in security returns before and after financial regulation
CVA as a running spread - risk annuity calculation in the Monte Carlo framework
Implied exchange rate
Index and alpha strategies research analyst
What are the advantages of financial modelling in R?
What is the variance risk premium?
What are some options to execute ML algos against with live data using C#, F# or Python for a retail trader?
Buy side techniques
12-month rate calculation for Problem 4.23 in Hull's Options, Futures, and Other Derivatives
When are ES E-mini future options issued?
How to compute returns and daily VaR of a currency position?
Why does it take so many lines of code to price even the simplest of options with QuantLib
Where can I download the history of dividends for Nasdaq?
Rollapply: what does by.column do?
Which is best chart for intraday trading & how to use it?
Autocorrelation in the GARCH model residuals
How to trade a Ratio?
Computing $\gamma$ and $\mu$ at the efficient frontier
Finding a stock traded at two venues
Multiple similar values simulation
Is there a good backtesting package in R?
Calculate yield of maturity for a certain price in excel
Are there academic papers on the 'term structure' of adverse selection for futures and options?
Could we estimate a portfolio's volatility using a GARCH on the portfolio returns?
Is the code of my binary call option pricer (using explicit finite difference, backward scheme) correct?
Finding mean vector and covariance matrix for annual returns given quarterly returns
Can adding an uncorrelated high vol strategy to a low vol portfolio result in a portfolio with even lower volatility?
Calculating log-returns across multiple securities and time
Correlated random variables with additional autocorrelation - multi dimensional Cholesky?
How to estimate probable seeling pricegiven OHLC data for backtesting?
where to get shares trading info
Why do CFDs track the underlying?
QuantLib: Is the StochasticProcess class adapt for a HJM type of modelling?
A little help with the Single Factor model for credit risk
What is an acceptable Sharpe Ratio for a prop desk?
Which option pricing models agree best with the market, given the asset price is known?
Can Economic Capital cover Regulatory Capital?
Gaussian Time-varing copula in R
What are the best sources for fundamental financial data? (not yahoo or google, neiter SEC counts as good)
Exactly what data is available in XBRL, and how far back does it go?
What is the date of reserve (operational risk)
Which algorithms do robo-advisors use?
Given (past) stock values for N assets, how to find the maximum - theoretical - profit?
Order book size limit
How to find funds with long history to use in backtest?
Differences between dummy regression event study and regression on residuals from market model
How to understand stock return comovement
What are the best online platforms to hire a quant?
Cost of revenue vs SG&A
Difference between stochastic calculus and newton calculus
Gil-Palaez Inversion Formula in Black Scholes world
Equity protection and butterfly certificates pricing
Whites Reality Check for Pair Trading
French and Fama Three Factor Model - What is the correct formula?
Pricing claims of parties in a fund
Basic question on Portfolio Theory
Where can I find the most reliable historical fundamental data for US Equities
Using a hybrid approach to calculate operational risk capital
Financial Derivative, European Option
Logic between options and risk free rate
Joint tests of market efficiency - Is it possible to test market efficiency with either one?
Is the average of independent Brownian Motions still a Brownian Motion?
How to estimate the beta of corporations?
Mean Variance Portfolio theory and real-world problem?
Why is Vega meaningful only for options which have single-signed gammas
What is more likely effect to call and put prices, respectively, if the stock price decreases by$1?
Forward contract pricing of coupon paying security
ARIMA Forecasting always converges?
Is the equity value of the firm "in the money" or "out of the money"? BOPM & BSOPM
Definitive way of figuring out companies with multiple classes of stocks
Annualized Sharpe Ratio calculation
Derivation of Magrabe formula
Imposing Restrictions on Cointegrating Vectors, R example
Interest rate models
How to hedge an ETF position with a basket of its underlying components
How are we underestimating liquidity risk?
Sample data of quarterly (annualized) real GDP growth
Helpful references for fully understanding the mechanics of NASDAQ's auction system?
Transforming Variables in time series regression
How to distinguish trending/consolidating market conditions programatically?
Implied volatility of a complex options position
Where can I find data source for structural models?
Options pricing exercise - American call option on a futures contract
Assets cointegration: optimal inventory for futures market
Is there anyone tried to use simultaneous stochastic differential equations?
Can CreditGrades CDS Pricing Model be used for financial firms?
Why is it useless to model stochastic volatility when pricing Vanilla style derivatives?
Black-Scholes explicit Euler implementation python
Handling upcoming corporate actions for equity portfolio
How to distinguish true negative eigenvalues from small negative eigenvalues due to floating point error?
Sharpe Ratio versus Cumulative Returns
MLE for two independent factor CIR
Just how transparent are CDOs?
Interpretation of t-test in event study with dummy regression
Can anyone suggest book about fixed-income portfolio management?
How do I use common forecasting models to forecast FUTURE values?
Fed Funds Rate - why has it just started decreasing on the final day of each month (vs quarter)
What time do bond traders come into office in morning in New York?
Why should a factor not priced and yet is relevant to the return generating process
Calculating PnL from log prices
Computing loss of Call / Stock Purchase
Abritrage when Put Option Greater then Strike Price?
What is wrong with this argument?
What are the causes of incorrect prices in the market?
Callable bond pricing
Can I get Black-Scholes option price from greeks?
How do I incorporate dividends into options pricing
Monte Carlo VaR assuming logistic distribution
State of Art - Nelson Siegel Modeling
Why is GARCH more often applied in risk analysis than stochastics?
Impact / slippage model for open and closing crossing auctions?
What is wrong in my non-linear estimation sample code?
negative transition probability in trinomial trees
What is the correlation between these two functions of GBMs?
How to handle missing data in time series in R?
Variable becomes more significant when more variables are included
Proof that the stopping time for a Brownian Motion is finite for given target levels
Advice for college freshman?
Risk-Free Rate In CAPM
How to hedge an off-the-run bond?
Is a bond expiring at $T$ clean or dirty price a martingale under the $T$-Forward measure?
Monte Carlo simulation of Multifractional Brownian Motion in MATLAB
QuantLib C++: Monte Carlo Engine with SequenceStatistics
Swap Rate vs Par Rate
Building predictive model for closing price using only previous days data
Implementation of Ledoit Wolf shrinkage estimator within R package tawny
Applying interest rate models for volaility rate
How does RAROC identify capital requirements?
CFD - how does it work?
How to use a change of numeraire to price this option?
What is the difference between gross and net enterprise wide risk?
Why is the forward price set to make the value of the forward contract to 0 when it is signed?
Risk free rate proxy
Trying to understand how to convert profit to home currency
Discounting dividends and terminal value in valuation
pricing american calls on non dividend paying stocks
Verifying an identity of an equation for Black Scholes formula
Implied inverse forex pair bid/ask spread
impact model what volatility to use
Working Capital Change vs. Working Capital Changes-Total
Compare the IRRs of two bonds
Bond portfolio hedging against currency risk
Obtaining the drift of a Wiener process formed from a random walk
Bloomberg Python Question - How do you access PRTU via python?
Why is convexity adjustment applied to swap price for a nonstandard swap, in simple terms?
Market portfolio
How to calculate break-even point of merged plant/company?
Constructing a Brownian motion from a Simple Random Walk
Meaning of conservative in risk management?
Fundamental CAPM questions
Delta Hedging with fixed Implied Volatility or floating Implied Volatility?
What methods are there for showing a time series is mean reverting?
Generalized method of moments concept in CAPM testing
What are pre and post stress capital?
What programming skills are needed in quantitative finance?
Why does the valuation of the floating leg of a swap only use the next payment?
How to retrieve and format futures data for use in regression/time series models?
Is there an implementation of VAR-EGARCH model in R or Stata?
How to use Euler discretization for this interest rate model?
Model Price vs Market Price in terms of Fair Price (Options)
Historical Volatility vs Implied Volatility Performance in Pricing Options
How to build a bond model portfolio (Invested in Emerging markets)
Risk-adjusted performance measurement: Log returns vs. simple returns and geometric vs. arithmetic mean return
Boundary conditions: Dirichlet vs Neumann
Define polynomials of an ARMA process
Returning historical yield rates for Mortgage Backed Securities in a Bloomberg Terminal?
Commercial Vendors for Risk Management and Portfolio Optimization and Performance Attribution
SABR Implied Volatility and Option Prices
How to optimize a portfolio using skewness?
How to perform portfolio optimization with user-defined expected return and variances using R?
Stressing the going up of LIBOR - Which balance sheet variables to stress?
Understanding skew of SPX - Why does IV of OTM puts increase with strike?
What are the pros and cons of historial and Gaussian approaches to VaR?
How does risk attitude influence trading? (Bibliography seeking)
Are commodities a real assets or a physical assets?
How do we know if the volatility which is quoted in market is Normal (Bachelier model) or log normal (Black 76)?
Fourth moment of ARCH(2)
How to add buy/sell market on a long/short Bollinger Bands graph in python?
Soft: Interpretation Fractional BM in finance
If floating leg in an arrears swap is paid on the date then valuing them is like predicting future
How to compute the stochastic integral of log-normal process?
How to price a credit-risky zero-coupon bond?
Portfolio Management in R
affine arbitrage free class of nelson siegel yield curve
Expected value of log-GARCH process
Volatility Skew for Put and Call options
Does the Binomial Pricing Model require a no-arbitrage assumption?
What is the expected rate of return from paying 1 today for a 50/50 bet receiving either 2 in year 1 or 0.5 in year 2?
Extended Hull White Interest Rate Model for Zero Coupon Bond
Interpolation for PDF from Cumulative Distribution
What is the correct hedging strategy using futures?
BEKK - GARCH model in Stata
Why is the time value of an option mathematically always positive?
Current big topics in quantitative finance for a research paper?
How to derive what effect funding shocks have on conditional market betas?
How to calculate a hypothetical minimum-variance point?
OHLC Covarianc Estimation
"Economic" Variables in Short Rate Models
How to compute simple and log portfolio returns?
Risk Adjusted Kelly Ratio?
How to price touch options using quantlib?
Where can I find Value at Risk & Expected shortfall for ETF's?
Why is the value of the VXX ETN always above short-term VIX futures prices?
Finding circumstances for price of call = price of put
Cheatsheet/summary of financial laws and regulations
Methods Available for Derivative Pricing in Mathematica?
Assuming Black-Scholes assumptions are correct, would the expected return from buying/selling options be 0?
How is fundamental data taken into account when modelling stock prices with a Geometric Brownian Motion?
state space for affine yield curve
Calculating portfolio risk
Delta Volatility Surface Usage to value the option
Is it possible to detect a belief that a security will peak and then decline by analyzing American options pricing?
VaR interpretation for positive returns
Sobol numbers in monte Carlo simulation
How to price a reversion?
Zero Coupon Bond Forward Price
Application of time series analysis to Bitcoin prices
difference between caplet and call
Shannon's entropy for financial times-series (return)
Calculating historical implied volatility
SVI calibration, why fit to option prices and not implied volatilities
Monte Carlo Convergence
Order ID or Broker information from TAQ or Limit Order book?
Under the CAPM, how do I deal with market returns being below the risk-free rate?
Problem solving using the put-call parity
Turnbull & Wakeman Asian - not Edgeworth?
What should be the sign of greek letter $\rho$?
European option on a dividend paying stock, limits to arbitrage?
Hwo to create a benchmark for a portfolio?
What is mathematically rigorous way to estimate floating swap cash flow in the future?
How to get list of large intraday movers for that day?
Calculating expected shortfall
Construction of bond portfolio represented by a CDS-Index
Determining the investment strategy
Least-Square Monte Carlo in multiple variable
Does the fact that volatility is not constant imply existence of skew?
Relationship between risk-neutral probability and subjective probability
Basic Metrics for Option Trading Limits
How to estimate variance-covariance matrix of assets with different length of historical data?
Difference between DV01 and IR DV01
Listed companies on NASDAQ
Smoothing factor of Exponential Moving Average
"Spot rate is not observable" meaning
Duration vs. Convexity Contradiction
Testing a Monte Carlo simulation independently
Intuitive explanation of stochastic portfolio theory
What can I use to measure of diversification?
Interest Rate and Price of Assets
Difficulty understanding put-call parity for currency options
delta hedging strategy for OTM option
Delta of an option derived from the binomial model
Currency risk USD>EUR>EGP
Scalar and vectorial sensitivities
simulation and timestep
Behaviour of out of sample efficient frontier
Intraday Value at Risk approximations
Call and Put Prices Equal at Forward Price - Why?
Motivation for hedging volatility using VIX ETNs
What is the preferred GARCH method in practice?
Triangular Arbitrage with CFD
Formula behind pandas.Options() implied volatility
CDO tranche spread
dollar neutral ratio vs beta hedged ratio
CDO selling or buying credit protection?
Yahoo intraday historical download Timestamp
Understanding the necessary and sufficient conditions for rational early exercise of a call option
Corporate bond quote convention
When to include dividends in option valuation
Stopping Monte Carlo simulation once certain convergence level is reached
List of US Indices
Back to Basics -- Cumulative Returns
Binomial tree notation
Clever ways of "summarising" the equity fund universe
Moving Averages Crossover question
Is there any research for CoCo-Bond in a two factor model?
Best known performance of stock prediction algorithms
Adding Asset Weights To Cholesky Output - Monte Carlo in VBA
How to get to this answer on Macauley duration?
Bond Prices in terms of short and forward rates
Efficient construction of binomial tree
what is exercise frontier in option pricing
Calculating probability of default with no recovery
Can someone explain to me what's snell envelope?
Computing the expected stock growth rate
Historical index components (FIGIs) from bloomberg?
Finding Discount Bond Matrix in LMM Model C++
Cumulative vs marginal probability of default
Methods or models to predict activity of clients of a bank
For a Fama-Macbeth regression , How does one predict the returns based on the model?
open problems in mathematical finance
Foresight bias in least square monte carlo
Calculating the volatility for Black Scholes
Comparing Implied Vol. to Historical Vol. using intraday data
Swaption on a swap with 0 year tenor
Calibrating stochastic volatility model from price history (not option prices)
Option greeks vs Position greeks
Mean variance efficient portfolios and target returns
Is marginal probability of default the same as conditional probability of default?
How to price a path dependent exchange option using?
Validating a Credit Scoring Model without Data
CVA using difference between 2 counterparty's spreads
efficient portfolio with given risk
How to Calculate Return Option with Forward Measure
Why do volatility and correlation increase in times of crisis?
Is the delta of a call option a martingale using the stock numeraire?
Understanding CAPM, CML, and efficient portfolios
Logistic Regression of tick data
Fourier Transform
Testing out ADX calculator
How does Algorithmic Differentiation work and where can it be applied?
Negative risk neutral probabilities economic argument
portfolio optimization averaging weights, what are benefits?
Real Time/Historical weather data
What risks is an exchange exposed to?
Can the money market break in a crisis situation?
Significance testing of average returns from Sharpe ratio
Equivalent Definitions of Self-Financing Portfolio
Deduce expected exposure profile from option/structure delta?
Fair Price CDS Spread for a Bank
Clarify a derivation in Pat Hagan's Convexity Conundrums
Pricing options under a specific framework
Pricing Forward Start Option with PDE
Implied volatility as price transform
Match different option high frequency databases
Example of optimal delta hedging in G. Barles, H.M. Soner option pricing paper
Good state of the art document about Algo Trading systems
Which one is best Performance evaluation measures?
QuantLib: New Instrument derived from VanillaOption + PricingEngine that must work for both VanillaOption and the derived class
Clayton-Gumbel (BB1) and Joe-Clayton (BB7) time-varying copulas
Is anybody using 13F-HR data for making strategies?
Tradable information from BS Implied volatility
Radon-Nikodym: Changing Distribution vs Changing Random Variable
Value of a continuous cash flow until a random time
Source for real-time tick data (stock price, etc.) updated every second?
Data source for a corporate bond yield curve?
How to simulate historical performance of a short position of a security?
CCC-Garch predict
Why do I get this error using ghyp-distribution function?
Is there a python code for estimating the parameters of geometric brownian motion?
How to price an option allowing to change a call into a put?
Computing Pooled IRR from the IRRs of parts
How would I exploit arbitrage if risk-neutral pricing doesn't hold? (Option Pricing)
Proper way to calculate the realized indiviual stock sharpe ratio
What does martingale look like?
How many PHD level quant are there in US market?
Result linked to Black-Scholes evaluation
Expectation of expression with two currencies under forward measure
Pairs Trading Signals and Positioning
Weights in Portfolio Attribution when considering Currency
A citizen's life as an investment project (from the State's PoV)
How are referenced asset gains routed in a credit derivative?
Purpose of ISOs
Is portfolio beta additive under all return distributions?
Anomaly or feature from Quantmod in R regarding getFX - currency data
MSRV estimation in R
FIX latency and clock syncronization
Liquidity effect in case MS decrease
Fourier transform covariance estimator
How to estimate the price of a European call when the underlying is not tradable?
Why Central Bank carry out Qe when they can directly force banks to lower down the interest rate?
Why financial instistution for instance banks lowered down their interest rate during QE?
Black-Scholes PDE: what is the form of the boundary conditions
volatility skew for lognormal model is flat?
no arbitrage condition for paylater option
Where can I find the best and worst performing US stocks on a given date?
Link between two Itô's Lemma written in different ways
How to understand this tickdata `askvolume` and `bidvolume` fields?
Estimating Parameters - Vasicek
How does Fed Qe affect the housing sales in the US? Why does it happen to be that way?
Extrapolating SVI
Business cycles and missing data
Why debit and credit impact differently on different type of accounts?
Delta hedging Question
Implications of Black Scholes Plot
High values of skewness and kurtosis of realized protfolio returns
How to apply the Feynman-Kac formula?
Portfolio return for assets held for different lengths of time
pricing with implied volatility surface
What is the yield when a floating-rate note is issued above/below par?
simple game - fair value
Do FRN's *always* trade on par on reset days, regardless if the issuer's credit quality has changed?
Impulse response function interpretation
Estimate Beta of CAPM from Implied Volatility?
Greeks for binary option?
Under what circumstances Veta is positive?
Normalizing SPY ETF time series data with its sector ETFs?
Present and future role of pricing quants
How to calculate 5 years return & STD for ETF?
hedging of a spread option with call
Imposing MLE restrictions by logistic mapping
Asymmetric Random Walk / Prove that $E[T:= \inf\{n: X_n = b\}] < \infty$
Debugging Quantlib
How to calculate daily risk free interest rates
Hedge Fund risk management on a daily basis
Asymmetric Random Walk / Prove that $T:= \inf\{n: X_n = b\}$ is a $\{\mathscr F_n\}_{n \in \mathbb N}$-stopping time
Can the differential operator be removed to get the mean/variance of an Ito process?
How to prove $\int_0^t W_s^2dWs = \frac{1}{3}W_s^3 - \int_0^t W_s ds$ using Ito's formula?
copulas and time series
European Call Option Delta Upper Bound
commodities index volatility
Factor model to Portfolio optimization
When to use SV or a GARCH model
Realized variance in SVJJ (Heston with jumps) model
Brownian motion. Solve stoc. integral by using Ito's lemma
How many monte carlo runs do I need for pricing a Call?
BLS v2 API took 20+ minutes to publish data where is immediate data available?
Effect on variance of change of measure
Optimal Financing Mix: Cost of Capital Approach
Estimating Carma(2,1) parameters (using yuima package)
$ \mathop{\mathbb{E^{}}}\left\lbrace 1_{S_T > K} \; S_T \right\rbrace $ ? Exp. of an indicator funct and a diffusion with non-proportional vol
Why is the forward rate used for the underlying in Black's model?
Delta Hedging for 2 Factor Models
Forecast of volatility
Stochastic process theory question
How to change to risk neutral measure in a mean reversion process?
Calculate theoretical forward price of a stock
Risk Manager must-know list
Motivation: Stochastic Interest rate model
Calculating Volatility Parameter using Closing Prices
Portfolio Optimization with equal weight for assets selected
Yield curve interpolation at (very) short horizons
Historical book value data for S&P 500
Bid/ask and volumes from ITCH feed, what is the most efficient way to do this?
How does the diameter of the spatial grid affects the solution of a Crank Nicholson algorithm?
Using Forward or Spot rates for NPV?
Pricing of American Deriviatives
Is the European call option delta an increasing function of the spot?
Pricing when arbitrage is possible through Negative Probabilities or something else
$E[F_T] = F_0 \ \rightarrow \ \text{or} \ \leftarrow \ p = \frac{1-d}{u-d}$?
How do one solve $ \int_t^T \exp[\int_0^u-( r-\delta_s)ds] dW_u $? Double integral with general deterministic function $\delta(t)$
European call option delta and maximum principle
State Variables in a Bellman Equation
residual correlation remains after seasonal lag added
Interview questions pictures
Why do banks offer options?
Implied Volatility in Heston Model
how to choose a price adjustment, a roll date and a data center for my trading strategy?
how to do interpolation in the term structure of volatility surface?
Black Scholes Implied Volatility -> Put call parity
Solving a backwards heat equation using stochastic calculus
Prove uniqueness, and prove $Y_t$ is a martingale by considering $dZ_t$ and $dL_t$
Prove $E_{\mathbb Q}[X_t | \mathscr F_u] = X_u$ given $Y_t$ is a martingale
Portfolio Analytics Optimization
Analysis of exercising a call option early
Multi-year annualized Sharpe Ratio
Value at Risk Theory
Duration of perpetual bond
zero coupon problem calculus
Pricing homogeneous Basket Default Swap
Derive Perpetual Bond Price
Drivers of equity returns: dividend yield, change in P/E and dividend (or earnings) growth
jump-resetted diffusion process
PPPN: participation rate, stocks and premium
How to get real interest rate from Nominal spot rates?
What's the problem with simple EMA-crossover strategies?
libor rate - local martingale
Dec 16: FED rate hike?
Turn of the year
Why is issued shares less than outstanding shares
Prove that $E[g(X_T)|\mathscr F_t] = E[g(X_T)|X_t]$
does local volatility make any sense when I only focus on vanilla option?
Hedging American Derivative
Are COFER unallocated resource changes meaningful?
Modelling the Cost of Risk
Arbitrage opportunity interview question
Is Eurodollar borrowing close substitute for Fed funds borrowing?
Please help me with this problem of double exponential distribution
Trading Interview Question (Bullish, Bearish)?
PPPN: premium with real market data
Data exported from Capital IQ, FactSet, Bloomberg, Compustat
Transforming daily simple returns into weekly
Price of a Stock: What is it?
Show that being Long a caplet & short floorlet (both with strike price K) is equivalent to a FRA where you pay the fixed rate K
How should option prices differ when using the Heston versus the Black-Scholes model?
Why to 2 methods to calculate bond price with semi annual return give different answers?
Bloomberg data redistribution policy
Confusion on stationarity vs deterministic trend
Where can I find bonds time series?
Simulating Option Positions VaR with Monte Carlo in Python
Value at risk in dollars vs. log returns
Log-likelihood of skew-t distribution
Long Forward Rate Agreement, short Eurodollar futures
Is Low-Volatility expensive these days? How can we analyze this?
ARMA+GARCH prediction with package rugarch (R)
Which rate have to be considered by using multiliteral netting?
Double no touch option with four barriers
What is the current state of microstructure/order book analysis?
Central bank interest rates: are they quoted annualized?
How to trade leveraged ETFs
Sharpe Ratio : why the normalization factor?
Path Dependent Options - Which choice of model?
How to use the Girsanov theorem to prove $\hat{W_t}$ is a $\hat{\mathbb P}$-Brownian motion?
Order Book Dynamics
How to calculate confidence interval for option price?
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as substitute benchmark bonds
How to calculate weight of two stocks without knowing their correlation?
How does stock buy back increase RoA of a company?
Estimating profit/loss of a Gold Futures option using Theta and Gamma
Should a strategy backtested against three years of tick data continue to produce positive results?
How to derive this approximation of the risk-neutral expectation of the variance?
Is that a good way to work with the ARMA model?
Compute stock price probability distribution from option data (IB method & negative probabilities issue)
One Way CSA Agreements
Translating dates to times
Cumulants of variance gamma with stochastic arrival (VGSA) model
Do I calculate weights of assets correctly?
Notional Value in Equity Options
How to estimate today's closing price?
Portfolio construction
Moody's seasoned corporate bond yields
How much would one pay for the max of two stocks?
nikkei 225 yen contract on the CME
Methods of SDE Calibration
How do we include inflation in our calculations?
What time series database can be used with Python and Pandas?
Sharpe ratio with leveraged ETFs
Expectation over Markov Process and discrete Ito integral (discrete stochastic calculus)
Skewed Generalized Error Distribution's (SGED) pdf
Is there a website that lists replication code of financial papers?
Problem with obtaining densities
One-step ahead forecast of a AR(1) process (GARCH context)
GJR-GARCH with $\alpha = 0$ as parameter estimate
Reverse Repos as a means to adjust interest rates
Daily Hurst Exponent
Nasdaq trading under the scenes: market makers, ECNs, brokers. Who buys from and sells to whom?
Log daily returns of multiple securities for multiple time period in R
Why don't real-world probabilities affect the price of a call in a 1-step binomial model?
Value-at-Risk "hiding risk in the tail" and diversification?
Augmented Dickey-Fuller Test/ Unit Root test on multiple time series dataframe in R
Convex risk measure and a coherent risk measure?
Estimating factor returns with linearly dependent loadings
Do stocks move up and down in value or in proportion to how much they cost?
What are the canonical books on optimization methods?
What is the difference between book value per share (BVPS) and earning per share(EPS)?
Does presence of arbitrage necessarily make all derivatives have zero value?
What is the source of the money in a leverage transaction?
Portfolio of sum of two Bachelier processes
What are the canonical global-macro investing books?
How to answer this interview programming question about drawdowns?
AmericanOptionImpliedVolatility - root not bracketed issue in QuantLib/R
Geometric Brownian Motion: d(S) vs. d(ln(S))
Problem with deriving the dynamics of a process
Option Chain Implied Volatility Calculation
AmericanOptionImpliedVolatility strange answers for calls IV's
Geometric Brownian Motion - increasing simulations or smaller step size
How to compare Sharpe Ratios of different investment strategies (holding periods)
Duality of callable bond price
VAR of portfolio containing options, equities and forwards
Which Algorithmic trading library would you recommend for trading Bitcoin?
Valuation of option on amortized IR swap
Why aren't the Fama-French 3 factors orthogonal to each other?
Asset allocation and GARCH models
Black Scholes Geometric Brownian Motion Option Pricing
Calculating Portfolio Returns Across Sectors
Books on financial instruments?
Estimating volatility from high frequency price volume data of multiple stocks
Why is there a stong intraday-correlation between spot and vol?
Avellaneda/Cont model Order Book Model
Calculate VaR for a liabilty taking a exponential distribution?
Barrier option : Monte carlo simulation
Calculating probability of Yuan's slump from options market
Intuitively speaking, why do at the money options have no volga/convexity?
Volatility of EUR/USD: is this correct?
Proof that no trading system always wins
Option analysis
Why does the Sharpe ratio not change when the strategy is leveraged?
How to form Decile Portfolios based on Liquidity measure with missing data in R
Calculate mean variance portfolio
Change in portfolio when IPO announced
Fx Firm market making
Bid and Ask Data for european stocks
How to implement dummy variables into GARCH(1,1) model from structural breaks (ICSS)
Simulating returns from ARMA(1,0)-GARCH(1,1) model
Technical indicator MACD - Does the D stands for the Math divergence?
Stock Symbols: ETFs vs Real Companies
adding dummy variable to ts object in r for particular quarter
Ito calculus problem
Estimation of annualized volatility depending on data frequency - exceptions to the general rule?
Heston model - Andersen scheme implementation
How to fit exogenous + GARCH Model In Python?
References about market neutral portfolios that isolate unsystematic risk
Large deviations theory and extreme value theory
HJM model, existence of arbitrage:
How to calculate Sharpe Ratio if there are gaps in returns?
Generating financial data
High frequency trading and trading costs
Self study references for a Mathematician
How can I find stocks that have had a X% price swing within Y days, sorted by recency of said swing?
Is Value-at-Risk translation invariant?
What are "risk" or "risk numbers?"
How to get Correlation using Options data?
Martingale correction for Andersen scheme with Interest Rate
VXV vs. VIX futures: arbitrage opportunities?
Interpretation of portfolio standard deviation
Augmented Dickey-Fuller Questions
Dual discounted forward curve
Rblpapi / bdh - how to download prices for all weekdays - regardless if it is a bank holiday
Calculate control variate for monte carlo simulation
Normal Inverse Gaussian distribution - any consensus on an accurate quantile function?
Determining maximum strategy capacity and optimal order size for low frequency equity strategy
American call and put prices, increasing in maturity
Looking for most current Financial API that is fast and accurate for NYSE NASDAQ AMEX OTC and PINKs
How to download efficiently intraday data with Bloomberg API?
Commodity market. Why would actual sellers / buyers bother about speculative price?
Price of call/put is convex in $K$ (strike price)
Options and bond related to convexity
Where are the prices of real European Call options listed?
Strategy Testing
Call options and portfolio of the same options worth less?
How to interpret negative log return more than -100%?
Relation of survival and non-survival Marshall-Olkin copula
Portfolio with lots of subportfolios
Is there any package in R for conditional autoregressive range model (CARR)?
Pricing bonds of float coupon rate by stochastic interest rate
Optimizing Monte Carl integral calculation with control variate
decompose correlation swap pnl
Bond Convexity: Relationship between discrete and continuous interest rate
Unrecovered debt
Reference request: Quantitative Trading Strategies
Cubic spline interpolation function within Matlab
Reshuffling the weighting of assets in an investment portfolio
How are CDS prices calculated for financial institutions?
Where to get price data on Credit Default Swaps?
Leveraged ETF calculation - dropping below zero?
completeness of the binomial model - proof
Implementation of Kelly in multivariate case using modeled distributions
Derivatives (Forex Forward)
Black-Scholes formula proof, without stochastic integration
option time value in the pricing models
How to calculate US treasury total return from yield?
Constructing a minute-by-minute volatility curve
Question about the martingale property of stochastic integral
Market Making Literature
binomial - parameters at which american option hits early exercise possibility
Valuing corporate EUR loan of US entity? Which discount rate to use? US or EU?
Pricing a vanilla call option with a fixed dividend
How to get historical data for expired futures contracts in IbPy?
Geometric brownian motion vs. Ornstein Uhlenbeck
Calculating the price of a call and put using multinomial trees and risk-neutral probabilities
Volatility of monthly performances, where the last month is short
Which volatility to use?
what is the meaning of the differential of an arbitrary adapted random process?
Liquidity Adjusted Asset Pricing Model
Creating the histogram for the distribution of the portfolio returns
Scaling of probability mass function
What's the name of this nearly-brownian stochastic process?
Subclass Tracking Error
Get list of all stocks ever listed on NASDAQ
Timesteps in Vasicek model
Mathematical definitioln of Potential Future Exposure
Question in "Computational Methods in Finance" by Ali Hirsa - Chapter 2: Derivatives Pricing via Transform Techniques"
Downloading IB futures data and then making a datapump to another program
R Backtesters: Quantstrat vs SIT
What is the difference between par delta and zero delta?
Memory-efficient clustering algorithm for large time-series datasets
Aggregating Tick Data
out of the money time value versus in the money time value
Calculating annualized continuous dividend yield
Estimating Daily Dynamics using Hourly Data
Ideas for speeding up greek calculations
How to automatically get all options data for a particular stock into microsoft excel?
What happened to the French franc value in August 1969?
Why the diff of signal is called positions and what does it mean in backtesting?
Is using Fama and French factors data screening dependent?
Historical volatility from non-uniform samples
wishart stochastic volatility models
Bounded Stochastic discrete process
How to get the the final % return in backtesting?
How was this probability of negative U.S rates by end 2017 calculated?
What is the heat-map method of calculating VaR?
Why is it cheaper to repay monthly loan at the start of the month
Most recent work on American option **ANALYTIC** pricing
Equity Index Announcement Data
Delta of a Commodity Future
What does continuously payable annuity mean?
Monetary Policy and the Yield Curve PART ONE
Step By Step method to calculating VaR using MonteCarlo Simulations
Ratio of gaussian CDFs in Black-scholes option pricing formula
Free high resolution financial data
School project about Black Scholes with stochastic volatility
Integrated volatility
Variance covariance matrix for a portfolio containing bonds also with other asset classes
About the Feller Condition in Heston Calibration
How to backtest Value at Risk Models using Conditional and Unconditional tests?
Equitable Allocation
Monetary Policy and the Yield Curve PART TWO
How to use Black-Scholes' formula for a butterfly option?
Are Variances generally stable for any given instrument?
Deriving a 3M libor curve from 6M libor swaps and 3M-6M libor basis swaps
Determining rate of interest
Is it possible to deal with non-normal distribution in Black-Litterman model?
Modelling EUR/USD with Ornstein-Uhlenbeck + jumps?
How to measure if investors are diversified in a stock market?
Spectral and distortion risk measures
How does a Broker-Dealer lend shares to other Broker-Dealers?
Who Uses American Options?
Open interest and short selling
Ridiculous Bond Prices under Vasicek Model
VEC GARCH (1,1) for 4 time series
Is trading mean reversion of small principal components of prices profitable?
Determining the implied volatility for options with bid/ask prices below the intrinsic value
Matlab code for equally weighted portfolio
For a call option, what is the real-world probability of expiring in-the-money?
Example of options that cannot be priced with least-square Monte Carlo
Risk-neutral probabilities
Portfolio optimization
Discrepancy between binomial model, Black-Scholes and Monte-Carlo Simulation
Looking for an algorithm to generate "dummy" share price data
Vega in a "constant volatility" Black-Scholes world?
Modeling Financial Assets
Black Scholes Constant Implied Volatility
Differences in EIOPA S.06.02.0x QRTs (Assets D1 in 2016)
ABS vs covered bonds vs CDO
Price of an equity
RiskMetrics VaR Volatility Sample Size
Correct Alphabet (Google) market cap calculation?
Libor Market Model Calibration
Information on Weather Derivatives
Strategies on steepen yield curve
Data on interest rate differentials (lending on own vs. foreign currency)
Approximation of an option price
Where can I find free single-day charts for the S&P 500?
Where can I find best end of day option data?
Rblpapi millisecond resolution
How necessary is real analysis and complex analysis for trading at hedge fund levels?
Historical volatility on bloomberg API
Are there alternatives to the Box-Tiao decomposition in identifying mean reverting portfolios?
Which studies should be replicated?
Difference in implied volatility calculation
Binomial Model, Number of nodes from $t = 0$ to $t = n$
Bank discount yield and money market yield
Is an FX forward with delayed settlement still a derivative?
Why QuantLib assumes zero rates to discount factor is continuous?
Analytical Bond Price under Rendlemen-Bartter?
Is order flow imbalance more or less correlated with price movements at slower frequency?
Appropriate measure of risk if return are not normally distributed
Equivalency of FX forwards and FX fixed for fixed swaps? Are they still the same under multiple curves environment?
dynamic Markowitz portfolio
What is the theoretical expected growth in an option's value over a given period of time?
Is there an efficient method/technique to find arbitrage between 2 FX dealers?
Are there good off-the-shelf coding implementation of trade classification algorithms?
Ito Formula for Stochastic Integral
What is the formula for variance in estimating exchange rate?
How were the probabilities of recession over the next four quarters calculated in this table?
Is the value of fixed swap leg independent of X, where the Floating Rate is say, LIBOR minus X%?
demonstrate that a Square-root process is Non-central Chi-squared distributed
Metastock end of day data to Python
Dollar-Neutral Strategy
How to determine volatility for private company for Black-Scholes
Delta of an option in two cases
Faster way to backtest/Walkforward
Stock valuation/stock pitch and CAPM
Risk-Neutral Probabilities, Trinomial Model
Is there an error in this problem on pricing an asset using the true probability of an up move?
Clarification of The Market Portfolio
CDS spread scenarios from historical market data
Extracting IB market data: bid and ask for greeks and IV
Performance attribution for personal portfolio - weight attribution
Which database to choose for storing and aggregating finance data?
What is smart beta, alternative index, factor investing?
What is drift in interest rate term structure model
General Equation for price optimisation where cost is constant
What is the formula that determines when VIX futures expire?
Put-Call Parity Application
Zero rate curve USD Libor
Arrow-Debreu Model and Risk-Neutral Probabilities
How is this financial product called?
Payoff of a butterfly c++
Is it possible to download stock-data countrywise with quantmod package for R?
European Markovian option
Intuition behind Fama-French factors
Finding metal price data from LME
Non-parametric estimator - CVaR / Expected shortfall
Investment Grade Bond vs Junk Bond, whose duration is larger?
Delta of binary option
Is Complete Vega Elimination Possible?
Where can I find ETF fund flow data?
Different ways to discretize forward rate in HJM
Duration of a floating rate bond
Evaluation of portfolio other than Sharpe Ratio
Where can I get all XBRL tags with descriptions and details
ruGarch - Interpret test results
How to simulate stock price with support and resistance level
Why do we usually use normal distribution and not Laplace distribution to generate stochastic process?
positive financial leverage in real estate
Robust way to calculate P&L for stocks/futures trading
Fama-French Factors in €
Compound and continuous interest in the context of debt
Compute the risk measured by the standard deviations $\sigma K_1, \sigma K_2, \sigma K_3$, does this have to do with weights?
Coupon bond pricing problem with reinvestment
What is the fastest tick-to-trade possible time without FPGAs?
CRSP common stock only
Modeling transaction cost with single-counted turnover ratio
Intraday Volatility over multiple timezones
Is complete market or not if appreciation rate is random?
Greeks of a Basket Option
Enron - RhythmsNet hedge
CML, SML and Pricing
Fama-Macbeth second step confusion
Stochastic process with non-independent increments
Which features to include in an algorithmic trading dashboard?
construct portfolio offering risk free profit
Relative merits of Adjusted versus Closing prices for market predictions
How would you try to predict the future behaviour of a stock price?
How to price jumps in payoffs
How to find or calculate 30-day constant maturity price of a future?
Are there any opensource C# libraries for calculating bond duration and other FI Analytics?
Interest Rate Risk - The Greeks
Why is there an upper limit on the premium of an ATM (!) call swaption in the Black76 model?
Valuation Method for CASH in S.06.02 QRTs
Theoretical limits for contango and backwardation
Find call and put volatilities using ATM, Risk reversal and Butterflies volatilities
FX Implied Volatility for Longer Term Maturities
What is the best open source automated trading platform or options?
Hedging cross gamma
Simulations of (standard, one-dimensional) Brownian motion
Is there any template of hull white one-factor calibration model?
Portfolio construction in reality?
Literature to Learn about Different Instruments
Quantitative Business Cycle Investing
Credit Valuation adjustment (CVA) Hedges
How to use the Black-Scholes formula with LIBOR rates?
Deriving the single factor model
How to combine regression models?
Why do Human traders make money?
Gaussian Copula with t margins
How to select the initial guess for implied volatility?
Swap rate calculation if reference rate differs from risk free rates
Return Attribution: Possible remedies for multicollinearity
YOY Comparison?
how to find the weights in a portfolio?
Optimal approach for finding a profitable trading strategy to automate?
How to optimize an arbitrage portfolio when taking into account different speeds of mean reversion?
What is a standard model of convergence when looking at negative stub values?
How do I find the standard deviation of a portfolio?
Calendar spread: What are the worst cases?
Can I use these rates for ACT/360 discounting?
Calculating probability of options with normal/lognormal distribution: does time make a difference?
Decision criteria after seasonal drop (GAME)
Where can I get two to four years worth of historic data news for companies included in DJ and S&P?
How to fit a VAR + GARCH in R
Subscribe to iNav changes via ETF_INAV_VALUE key
Non-contractual accounts behavioural study
By swap valuation, is accrued interest calculated?
Monte Carlo based mean variance optimization
Why is a risk-free portfolio desirable?
Processes used in quant finance
Latency Arbitrage in forex
Density plot of the skew-t distribution
Two correlated brownian motions
Reset Date standard for ICP (Indice Camara Promedio) trade
Variance of a Stock price and relationship with volatility
What is the cheapest way to connect to Nasdaq for market data and trading *electronically*?
Distribution of proportional bid-ask-spreads
Is there a standard mortgage model available?
Consequence of negative mean reversion of hull white one factor model
Does a Poisson process converge to an Ito process in long term?
VAR models for log-returns?
instantaneous forward rates vs forward LIBOR rates
Under which conditions the minimum variance portfolio involves no short selling?
Strategies to merge bid, offer and trade price time series into a single price time series?
Problem with overlapping data when testing futures market efficiency
Master thesis in Finance in search of topic concerning investor sentiment and financial crash
FIX engine for very low latency
Vol surface changes as underlying moves
Options Data Sources
Quantlib with python on mac?
Black-Scholes and Markovian contingent claim
Convexity in Markovian contingent claim
Effect of different maturity options in delta-gamma-hedging
Modelling callable bonds in a risk model (historical simulation)
Normal Black-Scholes model for swaptions isn't working properly
buy asset after exercising call options
What is the difference between group and inequality constraints in Matlab?
Quantlib binomial tree
Considerations when programming back testing engine
how to calculate RMSE, MAE, given ugarchforecast results?
How to perofrm a simple GARCH simulation example?
Compiling QuantLib example
How to understand nonrandom/random process in Shreve book?
Statistics for quantitative finance
the difference between forward price and future price
Conversion factor and CTD Bond
How to calculate cumulative returns with one lag in R
Security Market Line & Required Rate of Return for Projects
How to convert bond options strikes to future prices
Is this a GARCH Monte-Carlo simulation?
Modelling and forecasting mixed frequency financial data
Intraday data frequency
Where to find E-mini S&P options price data or chart?
Which proxies to user for investor sentiment and industry performance, and where to find the data?
Order flow intensity
Why are investors risk-averse?
Second Moment of Stock Process
How to derive Black's formula for the valuation of an option on a future?
Calculate total risk
How to choose the stock exchange to trade a stock?
Why is $N(d_2)$ not needed for hedging?
Why do institutions backtest?
A simple question on Delta hedging
Why is volatility said to be persistent?
Java platform/lib widely use in industry
Forecasting sales from balance sheet data
Trying to calculate WACC (Weighted Average Cost of Capital) for this (small) data set
Historical Scenario analysis for stress testing
Linear Regession 3 methods different results
Difference in Volatility Calculation from RiskMetrics 1996 to RiskMetrics 2006 VaR
Feedback on Video Metadata Extraction
Effect of surprise dividends on options
Mixing Portfolio Strategies
Error when trying to estimate a Markov-switching Var model in R
Prove arbitrage opportunity
Dickey Fuller test of stationarity differenced data
Futures Contracts, Rollover, Offsets
Design models using adjusted or unadjusted stock prices (time series prediction)?
Regularity requirement for convergence of Euler scheme for stochastic integral?
CIR model and calibration
if I had a 1M spread option. Would you say that was 1m notional (for IM purposes) or 1m pay + 1m rec i.e. 2m notional?
Use no dominance to show that the price of the call option satisfies the inequality
Computing Overall Return for A Single Asset Given Inflows & Outflows
Binary Option in B-S model - technical question
Is a position-weighted sum of nominal returns for a single asset a mathematically sound calculation?
Higher moments arbitrage
Numerical Optimizer Matlab Calibration LMM
Implications of shifting the lognormal model for forward rates from a probability perspective
Which are useful applications of clustering in quantitative finance?
recent developments in American options?
how to specify given model on Eviews?
prove the normality, with given moments, of this process:
Inverse Smile Volatility Ibex35
find the qth lower tail quantile
why do we use greater than or equal to for submartingale?
Euler discretization bias, heston model
netfonds.no - High Frequency Data
Creating Options Database
What is Toxic FX Flow debate?
Events effect on intraday volatility and large outliers
Dealing with a constraint which is the square root of a quadratic form
Correlation -1 and standard deviation
Derive an expression for the value of the asset as a function of time, V(t), t>=0
delta hedging with stochastic volatility
backtest asset allocation strategies
Deltas and CC Basis Swaps
Parametric bootstrap in generating returns and hypothesis testing
How do I automatically graph S&P PE ratio moving average VS DOW
Using Market Gamma to Predict FX Trading Environments
How do market makers hedge VIX index options?
Template for Bloomberg terminal
Expected returns vs expected prices?
To calculate shift in the shifted lognormal model
Calendar Arbitrage in a Vol Surface
Portfolio Optimization using Parametric Portfolio Policy Method in MATLAB
Calculate weekly returns from daily stock prices?
The use of $p$-value in finance after the recent statement of ASA (American Statistical Association)
Shorting an option every day vs shorting only at maturity
Does the FF 3-Factor model work with unadjusted prices?
Which value to use as shape parameter for Black-Scholes lognormal distribution?
What I find if I bootstrap a binary logistic regression?
Principal components in treasuries: spot vs futures
What is a Constant Maturity Swap (CMS) rate?
Disappear Standard Error in OxEdit/G@rch6 package
Real world application of stochastic portfolio theory
How do I get Value-at-Risk for a GED distribution in R?
Where and how can I get FX intraday data for use it in R?
List of TSX stocks with their sector and industry
How do you model yield curves for interest rates that have hardly moved?
Degrees of freedom in calculating significance of GARCH coefficients
Kfold cross validation: how to handle hold-out periods
ACT/360 day convention in swap pricing
CAPM betas at different horizons
Las vegas method?
Starting values for constrOptim() in R
Interpreting different factor models w.r.t. correlation matrix and min variance portfolio weights
Asymptotic behavior property of geometric Brownian Motion proof
In May of 2005, several large hedge funds had speculative positions in CDO tranches
Batch-downloading Bloomberg data into Excel
Interpolating on the BS parameters and injecting in the BS formula vs interpolating directly on option prices
Deriving the yield curve from the HJM dynamics
How to implement momentum strategy using R
Potential Arbitrage profit or proof problem
Difference between CRSP equal weighted and composite index
Deriving Black Scholes PDE under stock as a numeraire
ES not elicitable
Why does my ibpy connection always close automatically
What does this options' data mean?
How do most arbitrage opportunities account for unknown volume at a ticker price?
Lookback option to find stock price
Bootstrapping p values in linear regression in R
Concept Question Regarding Short Rate Model
type mismatch in Rquantlib Bond.cpp
Calculate excess returns for Sharpe Ratio with today's or past risk free rate of return?
Where to find Investment home bias data & Historical country weight in World MSCI
Pricing function $P(S,t)$ is convex in $S$ for all $t$
Example Security Giving Stock Dividends?
How many ways can QuantLib handle the price of option on its maturity date?
Known future volatility and difficulty in predicting final P/L
Use of cash delta vs forward delta and the mirror image rule
Dealers becoming synthetically short an out-of-the-money option
A clarification on the Heston option pricing formula
How to price and find a replicating portfolio for a call spreads using a two-period binomial model?
Why are there two expressions for the Black-Scholes hedging portfolio
Pricing of swaps
Using limit orders or stop orders and gamma
Issue on pricing bond using RQuantLib
Yahoo finance: download adjusted close prices of different stocks in one file
Link between Vega and Gamma
Loss given default for Agency MBS
Does a 1Y swap depend on zero curve beyond the 1Y point?
Obtaining risk-neutral probability from option prices
Two-period binomial model with dividends
two-period binomial model, with price that is path-dependent
Linear combination of Payoffs using Black-Scholes
Linear combination of payoffs of bull and bear spreads
Why not delta of Call option is stochastic or random variable?
Replicating option strategies
What is a good statistical test on stock prices to indicate a company's value has changed?
Value At Risk for Long and short position with same maturity and same traded price
Candlesticks: timestamp on open versus close
Monthly market value data of indices: where to get?
L1 norm regularization of Markowitz portfolio in matlab
AUD Swap Reference Rate?
Binary American Call Option (Cash or Nothing)
Kalman Filter in Interest Rate Models
Why is the term structure of the implied volatility surface non-monotonic?
How to calculate interest rate in this problem?
Estimate probability of limit order execution over a large time frame
Where can I find historical DJIA closing prices?
How to interpret the movement of stock index futures, in regards to regular market movements
The Upper Bound of an American Put Option
How to calculate annual returns from daily prices?
Construct option and stock portfolio
What is the Difference Between a Credit Default Swap and a Bet
Definition of Financial Futures: The price to pay for the underlying asset on delivery date
Definition of Financial Futures: The value of a futures contract
Cross-sectional Regression: Using calculated coefficient of first regression for a second regression as dependent variable
Why are futures valueless?
How to schedule a sequence number reset in QuickFIX?
What is the intuition of a spread portfolio and how exactly is it constructed?
What is the formula for calculating Draw down recovery percentage?
Value measures other than P/B
Intergral of Brownian motion w.r.t. Brownian motion
Mechanics of futures contracts: with respect to which time reference is the variational margin calculated?
ARMA-GARCH model, bset model selection and confidence levels calculations
Valuation Models for Bank Credit Default
How to deal with negative ARCH terms?
When are factors returns in asset pricing and how do we construct them?
Taleb Modified Delta
Marchenko–Pastur, Student distribution and returns
What exactly do I sell when I sell a futures contract I have previously bought?
Zero-rate USD Curve
A proof that the final payoff on a futures contract is twice that on a forward contract
Is this realized "efficient" frontier reasonable?
The Relation Between the Ricci flow and the Black-Scholes-Merton Equation
How to calculate the unrealised profit on sinkable bond
Solution of Merton's Jump-Diffusion SDE
What assets other than bonds are risk free?
Maximization with risk-neutral investors and VaR constraints
Indexes and return spreads
Calculating half life of mean reverting series with python
What are appropriate algorithms for forecasting contract schedules to maximize profit?
Can call options be priced with Least-Squares Monte Carlo?
What qualifications do the traders have that quants don't?
Replication strategy of European call option
Put call parity: when are the premiums the same?
How to calculate the NPV (Net present Value) in this question?
What is the arbitrage opportunity in this simple one-period market?
Put-on-call option confusion
what data sources are useful for obtaining financial statement data of listed companies NYSE and NASDAQ?
Bilateral Counterparty risk
Cost of rolling futures contracts
Portfolio replication option pricing: Money market position
Swap curve and short maturities
Square of arithmetic brownian motion process
What does a negative stock amount mean in a single-period, binomial market model?
Monte Carlo Option Pricing: Averaging Price Per Path
Transforming 3M volatilities into 6M volatilities in EUR forecast curves
Sensitivity of short-term vs long term options' IV
Multi-factor APT model in practice: non-zero mean factors, observations needed and portfolios
What is the best / most used / recommended C++ non-blocking networking library for low-latency / real-time development?
How to value pricing and ratings? How to quantify best value?
Rate of Options decay
Best practice for international Fama-French analysis
simulating from the CIR++
Discount factor
Covariance of Log-Normal Variables
How was the old VIX calculated?
Price compounding: Swap versus Governments Bonds
Swaption Volatility Cube arbitrage
EUR issuance using forwards to hedge FX risk
Probability that realized volatility is larger than implied volatility
Find the PDE for a function that makes it a martingale
Find the solutions of the ODE from SDE
FX Statistical Arbitrage Strategy
Could we have prevented the World Economic Crisis in 2008?
Is it really possible to create a robust algorithmic trading strategy for intraday trading?
Making apriori Statements on VaR Backtests with a Garch Modelled VaR
Intraday return and volatility figures some sense check
Where to get Tobin's Q by country
Continous-time portfolio allocation optimization for a given consumption rate
A question on implied volatility surface
Bayesian analysis in R: Probability of default, low default portfolios
What does the yield spread between an inflation linked treasury bond (TIPS) and a comparable treasury bond represent?
Market making in futures
Leverage and Drawdown
Option pricing: Risk neutral probability calculation
Constant Maturity IV
Extensions of CIR
How to enter to economics/finance sector
Calculating expected annual returns
Johansen cointegration test interpretation in R
Where can I get json currency data feeds every millisecond?
Having Difficulty With Sharpe Ratio and Optimal Portfolio
Parametric VaR of a portfolio including a swap
Black-Scholes Equation with dividend
Simulate correlated Geometric Brownian Motion in the R programming language
Backtesting Strategies - Sampling and returns types
Relations between Call and Put
Are there any integrated framework that I can back-test and paper/live trading in one place?
Finance Projects in Python
Bloomberg Currency Exchange Rate Data (London and New York)
Local volatility grids - Monte carlo - Implementation
Getting quote stream via fix-api 4.3
What is the name of all 1-day movements, 2-day movements etc
Counting random paths
Pricing of Black-Scholes with dividend
How do different models impact option Greeks?
Mean reversion and adjusted beta for pairs trading
Greeks across different underlying
Symmetric probability and subjective return
Which Database (MySql or NoSQL) for a Stock market App
distribution of AR, MA coefficients estimation in ARMA-GARCH models
Calculating floating P&L of a FIX-order
how to compute the risk free rate for a given maturity of an option contract?
Beta in Capital Structure
Heston Model Maximum Return Distribution
How can I discover dark pool orders in an order book?
How to compute the foreign exchange volatility within a portfolio
Methodologies behind shocking a composite index instrument, what assumption distinguishes these?
Simple question on jump-diffusion
How to price a stock under Q and stochastic interest rates?
How to estimate parameters for 2 correlated Ornstein-Uhlenbeck processes with maximum likelihood?
Trinomial model converges to Black-Scholes weakly
How does a small recovery in oil prices equate to risk appetite?
How to find volatility of Asset given volatility of Stock in Merton model?
Old CBOE SPX options data: listing and expdate issue
What causes discontinuities with stock prices
What does it mean to 'receive outright'?
How we can use adjusted price in combination with price limit in a stock market?
How to create time series with lagged in R
question regarding carry & roll of a bond
Capital increase: which stock price to use as input to Black-Scholes formula?
Which rate of return to use in portfolio weight estimation?
Calculating PCA hedge ratio for 3-leg spread
long fra and a short ed future with same fixing dates, is convexivity negative or positive?
Distribution of pay-off of an exotic option
Backtesting and dividend adjustments
Closed-form solution to optimal single assset position sizing with predicted returns
Package for multivariate Garch Vech model for R?
Calibration of Heston model
How do I calculate the present value of a credit default swap?
Timing of S&P 500 Component Changes - Pre or Post Market?
Monte Carlo Methods for Pricing Derivatives
Where to find daily European value factor data?
Geometric means, standard deviation, and sharpe ratios
When and how to use RNN for stock analysis or trading
Real-time Tick Data API for the Italian Stock Market
Training data for Black Scholes
Trouble verifying roll rate model
Arbitrage opportunity in discrete time
How to calculate bond yield in QuantLib - Python
Who/What is a promoter of a company?
American option - Upper bound
Using Put Volatilities to Estimate Firm Leverage/Credit Risk
Deriving $u$ and $d$ coefficients using binomial tree approach
Regressing using Fama-French portfolios with small amount of stocks
hedge a USD index into EUR
A question about spot rate forward rate and swap rate
What is the difference between a three month return and a quarterly return?
How to calculate Implied Volatility for out-of-the-money options?
Static and Dynamic Hedging of Vol/Var Swaps
Do you know fast to compute, yet plausible risk attribution measures?
What are some markets that don't have volatility smiles and why don't they?
Portfolio optimization - maximize variance with exposure to risk factors equal to zero
Historical VaR on Commodity Physical Forward
Distribution of AR and MA polynoms roots in ARMA/ARMA-GARCH models
How to calculate price in non-competitive bidding that bidders will receive?
Construction of VIX and VVIX
what do metrics and indicatives mean in the finance context? Like trading of MBS products
STCDO upper tranche still paying coupons even after all default
How quants use ML models for stock market prediction
Initiating new orders with active "order-session" only?
What are flickering orders?
CSA discounting vs OIS discounting
Butterfly spread model price
How to Rank assets in Portfolio?
Marginal Distribution using GARCH model
How to hedge a barrier option with vanilla options?
Solution for american perpetual put
Swap prices (preferably based on 3 month LIBOR)?
Using Kendall rank correlation to construct a covariance matrix?
Affect of choosing different combinations of variables for multivariate regression
Using Market Prices of Bonds to Model the Discount Curve with a Polynomial (Math + R)
Qualitative properties of call
Bloomberg & R: Accessing multiple securities with getBars() in R
Simple Moving Average Backtest: Cumulative Return too high
How to calculate the initial payment of a graduated payment mortgage (GPM). Real estate Mortgage analysis
PnL Explained Using Scenario(Full Reval Model)
Backesting VaR on overlapping intervals to year's end
Why is the value of an adaptive stochastic process known at time t?
Modeling Interest-only Mortgages
How frequently do traders rebalance their gamma hedges?
Predicting the Future FX Spot Rates
On the construction of a Brownian motion from a Gaussian process
SDE for a portfolio of two correlated assets $ Y_{t} = 2 S^{1}_{t} S^{2}_{t}$
Two-period binomial model for American option
BSM Model - Actual probability
How are ETF fees deducted? What happens if you short an ETF?
What are the some good measures of risk for options?
Generating random yields
Calculation of IRR
First coupon CDO tranche
Default Probability Implied in Bond Prices?
Forward Exchange Rate Data: Germany x US
Yahoo data meaning of "close" and "adjusted close"
Online courses or C++ books combined with Finance (alternatives to Duffy and Joshi)
What is the covariance of two correlated Ornstein-Uhlenbeck processes?
EMTA Guidelines
Derivative: Delta of a Down and Out Call Option with Barrier=Debt(K)
Automate selection of BIC-minimizing ARIMA(1,0,X) model
Regime switching model getting data
Calculation of Bond Carry from Synthetic future prices
Comparison of quality across different fundamentals data sources?
Thoughts on how quantitative hedge funds use machine learning to invest in the stock market (algorithms, examples of data, etc.)
given someone's past investing history, is there a way to calculate his risk aversion?
Perpetual American options
Liquidity Traders
The Difference between Notional and Par Value of a Bond
Portfolio Theory: Must VarCovar Matrix be based on return var/covar?
What are "df", "t", and "p" in these sharpe ratio related estimates?
Can we derive 5 year zero coupon interest rate by using 1, 2 and 3 year zero coupon interest rate?
How to get historical fundamental data in Bloomberg suitable for backtesting?
Optimize a trading strategy created in excel with R
Integration to calculate expected value of swap rate
Interest Rate Convexity - Fundamental Question
Compound interest calculator solving for time with deposits
Pricing a Vanilla swap between coupons; What rates to use?
Payoff of option
Are smart beta and risk-parity the same?
Fitting Copula and Simulation
What does it mean when a risk reversal is near choice?
Solve Black scholes PDE without using any transformation
What is the effect of mean-reversion on an upper barrier knock-out call option?
Isn't Black's approximation for American options inconsistent?
Pricing foreign currency bonds - which approach is more theoretically "sound"?
Why can a swap option be regarded as a type of Bond option?
Excess, Residual and Active Return
Finding rate of return of bond sold before maturity
how to measure a event driven strategy?
arbitrage proof question
2 Ito processes - $d(X_{t} + X^{'}_{t})^2 = (Y_t + Y^{'}_{t})^2 dt$ why it is true?
How to express the volatility of two correlated Ito processes $Wt_1, Wt_2$ expressed in terms of $W_t$?
How can you find change in working capital and capital expenditures without a balance sheet?
Stress Testing for VaR
Cash Flow for Operating Cost, Sheldon Ross Question
serial correlation, Fama MacBeth (1973) procedure incorporating momentum
Is there a way to meaningfully generate daily returns from monthly?
Why Is Bond Time Value Risk Not Considered in Bond Immunization?
investor terminal value of portfolio with two risky assets 1) correlated 2)not correlated $\phi_t^1=S^{2}_{t}, \ \phi_t^2=S^{1}_{t}$
What are the answers to these questions on card deck and option pricing?
Integration in the Hull-White SDE
shifted SABR - ATM vol
Combos on close SPX
How do companies forecast revenue and earning estimates for a quarter or year in advance?
How to work out the forward outright price from the bid/ask quotes?
Ledoit-Wolf, expected order of optimal shrinkage intensity
Perpetual American Put Supermartingale property
calculating long short portfolios currency exposure
Interplay of statistical factors (PCA) and market factors (value, momentum, low vol, ...)
how can we know the residual return will be uncorrelated with the market return
Where can I find CMS swap trading prices?
calculate 6 month change in TED spread
Fees on derivatives
Overpricing Bermudan swaption using Shifted LMM
Which close price should we use for machine learning?
Multivariate Ito problem $M_t=\frac{X_t}{Y_t}$
Implied Volatility as proxy for instantaneous volatility
Why is the Risk Free Rate 1 over Contingent Claim Prices?
Understanding the solution of this integral
Is this representation of the put-call parity correct? (Implied dividend estimation)
Why do we assume quadratic utility in portfolio theory?
trading strategy problem - initial capital x buys S over time [0,T] at the constant rate of x/T euros per unit of time
Problems with a Black-Scholes modified equation
Thompson Reuters TRBC and GICS
Calibrating and simulating returns from a t-distribution
short selling with collateral accounting
Interpolation of forward zeros-coupons bonds simulations for missing maturities (ESG data)
The relation between exchange rate SDE and respective interest rates
How can I compute zero coupon bond prices from dirty/clean prices of coupon bonds?
Mathematically: How does increasing the number of assets reduce idiosyncratic risk?
What does it mean for an option strategy to be leveraged
On the reflection of a stochastic integral
Adding negative EV position to portfolio for diversification?
How to determine portion of portfolio's risks from components?
Need advice about distributed backtesting architecture
Is the money market account (MMA) numeraire and the forward measure equivalent?
Accuracy Rebonato Swaption Approximation Formula among Different Strikes
Where to find good notations to teach investment portfolio maths?
How to choose a GARCH model which delivers iid standardized residuals?
approximating fBm stochastic integral
SABR Calibration: Normal vs Log-Normal Market Data
Why NYSE is not included in TAQ data for NASDAQ listed companies?
Quantlib xll - Converting deposit/swap curve to zero curve
Quanto/Compo adjustments - Product of two geometric brownian motion
Option delta - Conditional probability definition?
Do efficient market hypothesis and random walk theory convey the same concept?
Girsanov Theorem for Quanto/Compo adjustment
Andersen Broadie American/Bermudan Put
Modelling log-returns and calculating the portfolio return
trading equities on options feed/microstructure data
Vasicek model problem
How to show that the exponential Vasicek model is not an affine term-structure model?
How to trade the Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process?
"Expectation" of a FX Forward
ATM volatility and flat volatility
Discount factor taking into account yield curve shape
Quantum Computing for Quantitative Finance
Determining confidence level of directional signals
When is option value inversely related to expected volatility?
Ho-Lee model - A and B derivation for $P(t,T)=e^{-A(t,T)-B(t,T)r_t}$
Volatility Smile Approximation
How to statistically prove that an automated trading strategy outperforms the market?
FX Modeling references
Calculation loan's margin from bank perspective
Expected Value of Products of Processes
Solving for r in the Black Scholes equation
existence of implied volatility
LIBOR 3M and 1M from Vasicek model
Convergence of the distribution of 0.05 quantiles through Monte-Carlo simulation
LIBOR rates from Vasicek/Hull-White model?
CIR model problem - deriving PDE, Feynman-Kac
CAPM, DCF, and Jensen's inequality
Estimation of Affine Term Structure Model
What is the data quality of ask (offer) versus bid quotes in FX markets?
If VIX measures SPX IV 30-days in future, how to modify formula to calc IV 60-days in future?
Real time stationarity test
Stochastic volatility and forward start contracts
CIR model - nth moment generation $E^*[r_T^n]$
Machine Learning Munging - order of transforms? + adding in econometric tests?
Stochastic Simulation vs percentile-to-percentile map
Getting a better return on multiple combined stocks than individual stock gains (like a sports accumulator)
Pricing a physical commodity forward contract
Cross Currency Swap
Why Fama and French sort on June's size data and not of some other period?
Use NIG distribution to model stock path
HJM framework problem - showing that HJM drift condition implies that $b(z)=b+βz$ and $(ρ)^2=α$
Fama-French three-factor model vs four-factor (Carhart) and five-factor model
Choice between 2 investments that cost the same but offer different interest and face value
How Much cost to setup trading platform such as Flextrade, portware, Sungaurd or Bloomberg for hedge fund?
Stochastic volatility
Fama-French Factors for ETFs and MFs
Correlation: Use Price or Return? Return doesn't make sense
Is my demand prediction too low?
Differentiating a Payoff
Why aren't econometric models used more in Quant Finance?
Issues in estimating VaR with GARCH
expected change in value of a derivative in a multicurve framework
Calculating ex ante returns & probability of a negative return over some horizon
What are the best measures of market liquidity?
VIX ETP Net Vega exposure
What is broker neutral trading system?Can I use leverage if using broker neutral EMS?
Why do we need correlated random variables in a Monte Carlo simulation?
subadditivity of VaR
accuracy of Yahoo Finance stock data (Python module)
How to run swapbyzero matlab function in a loop
Proper Definition of Backtesting Parameter
Correlation between 2 stocks
Common, practical methods to calculate fair value of a stock?
Pricing Cancelable swap
How to transform Ornstein-Uhlenbeck parameters from hourly to daily?
stochastic discount factor transformation
Generating process for stock price paths in this paper?
Impact of the interest rate volatility in the valuation of a bond
Pricing of Interest rate swap with start ex. 01/06/2015 to 03/06/2015 - 2 extra days? Change discount factor and fixed payments?
Do you think this strategy will work?
Calculating VaR of an Incomplete Distribution
Open source code based on quandl for security analysis and options priming
Financial statement and stock market data
Factor sensitivities for EURUSD swap
GARCH model is better for index than stock
Numerical Methods for Merton Model
Why are Yahoo Finance API values different from the web interface?
Correlation of Asynchronous Brownian Motion
Heteroskedasticity and significance of parameters
what % of stocks with +$1b market cap will double in 3 years on average historically?
CAPM - Do I use start or end of period prices?
Accurately calculating Greeks for options near expiration
Asset Pricing: What happens to the Risk-Free rate and the Equity Premium?
Two definitions of arbitrage in finite markets
OTC Market Data
Tangency portfolio and CML - Why does it have the highest sharpe ratio?
optimal strategy problem (using Jensen's inequality)
How to assign n day target variables in machine learning
example Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman Equation - clarification of $dX_t$ derivation using $\pi_t$, $\Pi_t$
How many years of historical data is require for Portfolio Optimization?
Fund Separation Theorem for Performance Seeking Portfolio
SKEW Index as parameter in lognormal distribution
Murex and Calypso framework
Arrow-Debreu Equilibrium Pricing
why Implied Vol (VIX) increase with decrease in Stock Price or vice versa?
Yahoo Finance Implied Volatility Calculation
Dynamic programming problem with dimension over 1000.
How to Calculate Minimun total Risk?
Does the starting currency matter in triangle arbitrage?
Does the unconditional variance implied by a GARCH equal the sample variance?
How can one query the Google Finance API for Dow Jones and S&P 500 values?
Quadratic variation
What is Estimation Risk - VAR Backtest
Is it possible to find / estimate the volatility surface of non-listed index options?
How to download all 10-K reports for all companies listed on S&P 500?
What is the limiting distribution of loss portfolio?
Pricing with-profit/smoothed bonus annuity using Black-Scholes
Update Daily price from yahoo in R
The Dog That Did Not Bark?
Mean Crossing for Ornstein-Uhlenbeck
Can I deduce a portfolio is inefficient by compare is Sharpe ratio to the on the one the tangent portfolio?
Derivation of the tangency / maximum Sharpe ratio portfolio in Markowitz Portfolio Theory? (2 risky assets)
How can factor certificates achieve constant leverage?
clarification to log-stock price formula
Pricing a log-contract using Monte Carlo
Is this formula correct to estimate a knock out option price using monte-carlo?
Relationship between interest rate and corporate bond yield?
logarithm and absolut value in returns of stocks
Boundary Conditions for Call Spread
Deming Regression
Problem with derivating integral
Vasicek yield curve
How is the formula for the VEV (VaR-equivalent volatility) in the PRIIP document derived?
Carr-Madan european contingent claim payoff decomposition formula - application
Can an order be filled but uncommitted?
Lebesgue-Stieltjes integration and related topics
Backtesting algorithms
News about CAPM/FF3FM or asset pricing models in general
Calibration of Merton's jump diffusion model
how to derive critical values for augmented Dickey–Fuller test (ADF) using Monte Carlo method?
cointegration strategy
Bivariate Gaussian copula with exponential margins
How to obtain Standardized Residuals from a Time-Series?
Machine learning techniques for quantitative finance?
What is the u vector in the expression for the weights of the min variance portfolio
How to extract parameters in the CIR model from data?
derive vega for black schole call from this formula?
Are forward rates starting at observation date spot rates?
Can a momentum strategy be cast as a multilinear regression model?
Black-Scholes Model for portfolios
where can I get a list of all yahoo finance stocks symbols
Merton model riskless self-financing derivation
Time-Value of money exercise problem. Any advice on how to solve?
Implied volatility
Does a Call Spread always need to be symmetric?
How to request current Interactive Broker positions using VBnet/Activex and the API?
Bond Duration with Bond portfolio returns
Toxic FX Flow - how to avoid it
SVI negative rates
Are financial returns considered more volatile in recessionary times as opposed to expansionary times?
Why is H always* the letter used to describe the level of a barrier?
Skewed Student t distribution MLE and Simulation
Pricing back swaptions corresponding to underlying swaps of Bermudan Swaption in calibrated LMM
30 Day Federal Funds Futures settlement price
Creating index from bloomberg data in matlab
Calibration of 1F Hull White short-rate model to market data
Calculating IR sensitivity
Risky duration formula for what kind of bond?
Interpret simulation results ($P$ and $Q$ measures)
Correlation between asset A and Portfolio X (which contains A)
LIBOR Quoting Conventions
FIX engines comparison
Black Litterman: Is it possible to have multiple views (from different sources) on the same asset?
Square of Wiener process
Estimate the risk of swaptions
Arbitrage and completeness in multiperiod model?
Option based approach to real capital structures
Preparation for interview: influx of power of the moon
Is $(1,0,0,0,...,0)$ a legitimate dividend stream?
Reference for option pricing, binomial multi-period model using martingales and conditional expectations
Is This A Viable Alternative Options Pricing Method?
What is a definition of "Benchmark"?
How to derive the price of a square-or-nothing call option?
R:log return calculation for panel data structure
$0$-beta stock and diversification
Python statsmodel ARMA question
How is the fundamental theorem of asset pricing used?
Define the order of GARCH(m.s)
Python regenerating ARMA params using statsmodels
How to build a cross currency swap pricer?
How to write time-varying functions in R? Applied example
"Risk" Factor vs Double Sorts
Is it possible to place hidden order inside spread when trading E-mini S&P 500?
How to perform batch-trading using Interactive Broker API?
Modeling the Stock Market
Conditional probability of geometric brownian motion
Cointegration for forex using ARMA model to forecast the spread
In an example of "call options"
Interest rates - Swaptions implied volatility - Volatility anchoring with Black and with normal volatilities
Special term for 'intersection' of option price
How to take care of newly auctioned yield/price in fixed income data
What approaches are there for keeping local and remote order books in sync?
Time series of European sovereign credit ratings by the Big Three?
Who pays for sovereign ratings?
Using R with princomp to create hedge baskets
Could someone teach me how to construct the portfolios by compute (like using R, Excel or Eviews)
Selection of optimal backtesting parameters
Beta = 1 and 0. Type of portfolios
Portfolio with zero or negative initial cost
Estimating time-varying tail dependence for Archimedean copulas
Copulas and default probability
Minimum Variance Portfolio problem
How to compute the yield on the Ultra-Bond Treasury Futures
How to calculate the global minimum variance portfolio in R?
Polynomial interpolation of corrected lognormal distribution
Simulate drifted geometric brownian motion under new measure
How to apply Kelly criterion to a portfolio made by a stock plus a option?
How do I build a cross currency basis swap pricer using implied levels generated from fx forwards?
What is the rationale behind using SV models with 2 distinct volatility processes?
Problem with determining weights in tangency portfolio (2 risky assets)
NPV of two annuities
Volatility for time periods with little data
Mathematical Derivation of Residual Risk
Dollar-Neutral in addition to Market-Neutral?
Optimal portfolio construction questions
Calculate historical duration based on current duration & historical prices
What does each bar in the empirical average eigenvalues spectrum of the correlation matrix of log-returns of stocks represent?
Why is the GARCH intercept supposed to be strictly positive?
Valuing derivatives under stochastic interest rates
Importance Sampling for Least Square Monte Carlo
Is Asian option in binomial asset pricing model a martingale?
student-t asset path
Realized Vol for 15 min interval using second Data
Delta Hedge, does large stock move produce a loss?
Put Volatility Smiles and Implied Volatility
SABR Model Closed Form Solution
How to setup a back test step by step?
How to calculate monthly Return from a Momentum Strategy with overlapping Holdingperiods?
What models / methods are used in practice in derivative pricing?
Help understanding factor modeling, solving for residuals
Are two stochastic processes independent if the Wiener processes inside are uncorrelated
Why does the correlation between r and V in Longstaff and Schwartz 1992 model is positive?
Risk neutral probability and forecasting
cumulative return calculation, disagreement
US Rule versus Actuarial Method for calculating interest
What if: Negative interest on an overdrawn bank account?
Valuation growth rate for perpetuity
Replicating portfolio: initial portfolio?
Difference between Deterministic Volatility Function approach and Ad Hoc Black Scholes?
From discrete time series models to continuous
A question on option pricing
Cox-Ingersoll-Ross
Questions on arbitrage
How can we observe volatility smile from the market. Drawbacks of Heston Stochastic Volatility Model
Number of mortgages in a MBS
Architecture and Infrastructure for Robo-Advisor
What's the explanation for the formula for the volatility of a stock / volatility of the continuously compounded return of a stock?
Two fund separation when there's a risky asset?
Is it possible that under Black-Scholes: $\ln S_{T} \sim N \left ( \ln S_t - \frac{1}{2}\sigma^2(T-t), \sigma^2(T-t) \right )$
Transition Between Volatility Regimes
what is the minimum capital necessary for quantitative/automated/algorithm trading?
Could someone please share the Matlab code for the stochastic volatility jump diffusion option pricing model? (Bates model)
Trading signal strength: [-1 to 1] or [predicted return]?
Black-Scholes PDE & Terminal Condition
Price and constant hedging portfolio for straddle: $X=|S(T)-K|$
How to calculate this swap rate
How to understand quadratic finance or practice of Value-at -Risk(VaR)
Trader Workstation on Ubuntu cannot be connected to via the API
How to simulate 3 correlated stock processes following a GBM?
Pricing Barrier Options with Rebates
Find the parameter $d$ of the Affine Option Pricing Model in Duffie, Pan and Singleton (2000)
Pricing the discount zero-coupon bond under a jump-diffusion model
Extended Areas on Stochastic Volatility Modelling
construct volatility smile based on historic observations
Should the number of Markowitz Optimization steps be counted as backtest trials?
Backtesting Long/Short Market Neutral Z-Score Strategy with Custom Factors and Custom Stock Universe
Trading with Inflation, Unemployment, Trade Deficit Information
Option pricing, origin of formula $\Pi( t,X)= E^{\mathbb{Q}}\left[e^{-\int_{t}^{T}r_s\,ds} X| \mathcal{F}_t\right]$
How can I calculate the fair value of an ETF using the current price of each of its holdings?
GARCH Model Constant in Regression
How do you check your option calculations?
Account for empirical relationship between signal and market data
Paper on the use of probability theory in finance?
'GARCH - extreme value theory - copula' approach to estimate risk measures in R
rugarch: GARCH external regressors
What does an optimized portfolio really tell us?
How to backtest strategy in portfolio of stocks using SIT R?
Deep ITM Call Implied Vol via Monte Carlo
Prove Volatility Parametrization of Libor Market Model is Bounded/Not Bounded
how to mix trading signals for the same product?
The best process for foreign exchange rate
Exploding Libor Rates in Libor Market Model
Which API can I use to get financial data minute- or 5m-wise?
Are the returns in this regression signed returns?
How do I calculate Market Dividend Yield from this data?
Choice of time increment in Monte Carlo/ Geometric Brownian Motion (GBM) stock price prediction
von Neumann boundary in the transformed PDE
Bootstrapping bond spreads as in the standard CDS model
Liquidity horizons of risk factors categories
(Reproducible example) Conditional returns in GARCH-EVT-Copula context (with R)
How do I compute volatility and greeks of the american option on futures using matlab toolbox?
Monte Carlo approach to RAN bonds in Quantlib or suggestions
How to get daily OHLC (fints) from minutes OHLC (fints) in MatLab?
Why is a variance swap long skew?
Use of real-world probabilities in options pricing: binary event with continuous effect
Introducing 1bp shocks to yield curve (and interpolation consequences)
FX forward with stochastic interest rates pricing
Bonds with embedded options pricing via binomial model
Does OpenFIGI have precanned files?
Basket derivatives on weather AND financial underlying?
Forecasting conditional returns in DCC-GARCH-copula approach in R
Open source software for stock screening and scanning using technical analysis?
what would be the most parsimonous sequence of study?
Is there a public SQL database for all US stocks?
Implementation of an option tail-hedging strategy
Standard Stochastic Volatility Models VS Moving Average Stochastic Volatility Model
Can trinomial trees be used to model subdiffusion?
Why would one prefer variance swaps over other instruments?
Volatility Parametrization Libor Market Model - Underspecified Model?
Relationship between in-sample and out-sample periods length
What is the "inflation delta" of an option?
How to understand this example from Hull's book?
False warning messages in R, is it possible?
Quanto derivatives and FX risk management
Sharpe ratio highest amongst efficient portfolios?
Importance Sampling for pricing options with longstaff and schwartz
Understanding Vega calculation in black Scholes model
Stock market cash flow
Calibration of intensity model
Levered beta with changing equity/debt ratios
What is the benefit of having proximity to the Bloomberg datacenter?
How were these SDE derived?
US Treasury interest rate swaps
Question regarding volatility forecasting using High Frequency Data
How to create a synthetic put?
How to get all securities in an asset class from IBPy (Interactive Brokers python API)
Data of Credit Migration Matrices
Carr-Madan Formula
Does LIBOR in USD reflect short term interest rates in the U.S.?
Drift irrelevance on high frequency data
How to understand this Risk Parity Algorithm?
How is the Chooser Option's value computed in this example?
Calculating required funds on Futures trades
CBOE Index Minute Data
I need a low volatility asset that gives an interest/dividen
How to derive an option price for an asset with these dynamics?
Brexit implied probability
What is the unconditional variance for a GARCH model?
NOK NOWA overnight day count
Implied Expected Stock Return from European Option Prices
How should I understand expiration dates?
How to convert Jensen's Alpha from monthly to quarterly observations
Where can be found the tick size list for stocks traded in NASDAQ and NYSE?
What is the most stable, non-trivial dependence structure in finance?
Outlier removal, issue with TSO function
Programming language to compliment Finance degree
Model reference price of Limit order book
Roll convention applied to weekend swap maturity date
Probability of Brownian motion particle touching barrier given path starts at $X_0$ and ends at a known $X_t$
kalman filter update equation
Trinomial model for stock options with deterministic interest curve
Cross Currency Swap pricing
How PCA is performed in the paper "Markov Models..."
Choosing an exchange rate in a macroeconomic panel data set
Problems in computing VaR with GARCH-GPD-copula approach
How to calculate the theta of a bond?
How do I calculate the probability of a short option position expiring worthless?
Consensus Forecast Data for NFP
Sharpe Ratio and your annualization
How to compute 30/60/90-day Implied Volatility?
How was money made from bond yield convergence?
Is it possible to defend a Computer Science master thesis by writing a project about quantitative finance?
Block bootstrap to synthesize asset prices
How does financial institutions value European options in practice?
Monte Carlo and PDE results are different for a Call Option!
How to apply the CAPM to 6 stocks from different markets?
How to calculate the CVA of a forward contract?
Papers on temporary price impact
Unemployment data and bond futures
Understanding Yang-Zhang Volatility Estimator
Discount curve from spot rates for bond pricing
How to measure the real interest rate using the consumer price index
Where to find historical time series data for number of new investor accounts
Constructing Swap Curve from LIBOR
Python everywhere but where do they execute orders?
GARCH volatility modeling, squared returns, and convergence
Changing timezones with historic forex data (Interactive Brokers API IBPy)
Correlation of a lognormal asset and a normal asset
Why does jump process has to be Cadlag and not the other way around
Option price derivation with these dynamics
Reference Request: Trader Replication
Expected option return in MATLAB
S0602 - whether to report Quantity (C0130) or Par Amount (C0140) for Money Market Funds?
x13 Arima analysis with negative values
DAX - company's weights
weighted probability densities in matlab
How do they calculate stocks implied volatility?
Why closest weekly options have enormous Implied Vol.
How is possible to relate volatility with risk?
Show if Arrow price vector $\pi$ exists, then the law of one price hold
Writing an Options Strategy Backtester
Transforming log return volatility into standard return volatility
Explain Four Basic Axioms of Maximising Expected Utility
Compare two time series with different frequencies
How to price this basket option?
GARCH variance vs standard deviation for volatility
What is the difference between OIS Swap vs Basis Swap?
A paradox about the American Put option price
How does this statement about the price of a prepaid forward on a stock follow?
Example Scalar Model Extended Kalman Filter
How to get the average monthly percent excess returns for portfolios formed?
Finding optimal drift, importance sampling, least square monte carlo
Fame-French alpha for a single stock
GARCH models vs VIX
Calculating the greeks for Quantlib Python Swaptions
Stock Exchange Software
Do yield curves only show market expectations, or is there more to them?
Expected number of days inside a corridor
Why are the greeks for the underlying stock 0 with the exception of delta?
Yield Curve Movement: Risk/Reward versus Safe Haven Demand & Monetary Policy Expectations
example regarding zero coupon bonds
How to replicate a correlation swap using only vanilla options and underlying
How to interpret Carhart Four-Factor Model?
Overestimating or underestimating risk?
How to interpret my Four-Factor Model results?
Is this type of currency index a thing already?
Extreme value theory expected value of GPD
Moody's, S&P, Fitch revenues per country
Can the net portfolio's beta be different from the sum of long and short betas of the portfolio?
'Anchors' for REER/PPP estimates
Calculating weekly portfolio returns for portfolios sorted by volatility
What do you call a group consisting of stocks, etfs, and futures?
Why buy/sell a forward starting option?
Why do two perfectly negatively correlated assets not return 0%?
How to show that this process is "normally distributed"?
How to understand the following brownian integral using Fubini's method?
How do I get a good mid-price?
Streaming update of the GARCH(1,1) model
logistic regression multivariable fractional ploynomials stata vs. R
Can I split my backtesting into multiple consecutive sub-periods?
Are there data sets for the topology of financial assets?
The name conventions such as ATM, Risk reversal and Butterflies to construct volatility surface
Is futures contracts data only reported for business days?
Equivalent call option to the underlying stock
Multivariate normal when Cholesky decomp fails on Sigma
Bond price under Poissonian model of interest rate
Netfonds.no: Continuing to understand how to get high frequency data
European vs American derivative securities, interesting question
Constructing yield curve directly from yield-to-maturity data
Distribution of loans by types of interest
s&p500 companies value vs growth
stochastic interest rate $r_t=x_t+y_t$
Including a score or a rank in portfolio-optimization
Volatility of the adjusted prices mean reversion
Initial/Boundary Conditions for a Butterfly Option?
How can we have negative probabilities in finance? Can we have negative payments in bonds? If not, how else can we have negative probabilities?
FIX/FAST to SQL table
Difference between Risk Transfer and Risk Sharing
Interpretation of Skew and Kurtoisis - strategy backtesting
Hull White Stochastic Volatility Model in Matlab
In investing, the crowd is wrong much more often than right
Is there any literature on a closed-form/analytical solution for American option prices with use of Chaos Theory?
Given $\mathbb Q$ and $X_t$ is $\mathbb Q$-Brownian, find $\frac{d\mathbb Q}{d\mathbb P}$ / Uniqueness of Brownian or Radon-Nikodym derivative
How to compute the expectation of integral of this random function?
How FOK or IOC order types are executed
How do you quantify credit risk?
yield/price of treasury bonds
How to understand the following limits when kapa limits to Zero
Can I formulate a general relative view in Black-Litterman?
What is curvature risk?
What techniques can be used to get the missing maturities from the CMT yields?
One factor short rate model
Probability that return exceeds a certain level before a certain time (Black-Scholes)
Regression coefficient and basic trading strategy
Need a reliable source of futures expiration dates
Black scholes model for down and out European call option using Monte Carlo
What is the pseudo code for a pairs trading strategy?
Merton portfolio allocation problem proportions/weights >1 or <0?
What is a maximal curve?
Brownian motion simulation - scaling issue
Is there a formula for present value of a growing annuity with yearly payment growth and monthly payments?
How did the algo trading firms perform during Brexit?
Variance of a portfolio based on log-returns
Heston Model Integration Oscillations
Monte Carlo Accuracy - Antithetic Variate Method
How does one calibrate a stochastic volatility model?
Evaluating trading strategies by the skewness of returns
Pricing variance swaps using Monte Carlo
How to fit a skew normal/t copula to data?
Is there a better, more rigorous explanation for why this partial derivative is 0 using Ito's Lemma?
What is the probability that a OU process hits an upper barrier U before a lower barrier L?
Code for quasi-Gaussian model (Cheyette model)
Interpretation of Risk Premium for Schwartz one-factor model
Is Poisson Disk Sampling an alternative to crude Monte Carlo and QMC?
Questions on Kelly criterion
Calculation of option Greek (sensitiviety) theta via finite difference
What is the probability of defaulting in year 2?
Swaption pricing
Triangular arbitrage formula error
Relation between mean and variance of a portfolio in modern portfolio theory:
Historic and future (next) round of machine readable dividend info
Robust standard errors in GARCH modelling (rugarch)
Comparing Hedging Strategies
Is this a poorly written example, or could volatility in fact be negative?
How to calculate implied borrow rates from option chain information?
Pricing of convertible bonds
Pricing of a Forward-start option in a Black-Scholes framework
How exactly are correlated defaults used/analyzed?
$\mathbb{P}$ and $\mathbb{Q}$ probability measure/distribution interpretations
How to simulate asset returns using student t?
What is the probability that a Brownian Bridge hits an upper barrier $U$ before a lower barrier $L$?
QuantLib FittedBondDiscountCurve fitResults [Error]
How buying/selling pairs and entering/exiting trade works in pairs trading?
How do I calculate yield from a bond futures contract?
PCA for stand alone equity VaR
Variability of IVs of OTM options
How to estimate an Engle's asymmetric DCC model in R?
Calculating the interest rate from a EuroDollar Futues contract
Can someone try this Boundary Condition for the Black-Scholes PDE out for me?
Trying to understand T-Bond futures settlement. What am I missing?
Can the concept of negative probabilities be used to price a call option?
How to choose the correct ticker for rates?
Where to find sample intraday data? One to two days or more
Large trend-followers: why use futures rather than ETFs?
Downward sloping smile in normal model
EM for conditional Gaussian model
Binary Options hedge Forex position
FTAP wih Heston Model
Is there a relation between total futures and the amount of production?
Log-normal Volatility Approximation
Swaption Corridor Payoff Diagram
Predict the financial markets in the fashion of a video game?
Fama-Macbeth regression in Eviews
VAR FPCA analysis paper replication
Move along, nothing to see here...just a super cheap stock price for an instant?
Forex Market Timezones
how to convert quarterly data to monthly
Why does a barbell portfolio have higher convexity than a bullet porfolio
Swaptions to calculate swap exposure for CVA
Theoretical price of bond : utility
Mix of Arithmetic and Geometric Brownian Motion
Given Brownian motion $B_t,B_s$ and $t>s$, how to calculate $P(B_t>0,B_s<0)$?
Rest API to retrieve ISIN
Does the partition of time in a simple process depend on the omega in probability space?
Time Value of Option
SABR model: from calibration to mapping the smile/skew in a graph
How to compute treasury yields as reported in the online financial newspapers?
Can someone check this boundary condition for me?
forward space vs zero space in finance jargon
IR parity theorem
Close form solution for Geometric Brownian Motion
Fit Simple VAR model in Matlab
ARIMA prediction for currencies
List of Intraday stock prices API
Where to source security ID data (ISIN, CUSIP)?
Risk Free Rate vs LIBOR
Where do I get historic performance data of the MSCI World Growth/Value index
Stratonovich Integral and Ito's lemma
volatility of a mid curve option
Implied Vol in Different Payoffs
Determining discount factors for non-standard maturities
Price Barrier Options on Baskets using Quantlib
What is implied volatility?
Black Scholes paradox exercise
FX Forward pricing with correlation between FX and Zero-Cupon
LMM & multiple curves
Annualized Log Returns
Asset allocation problem using Hidden Markov Model
Where can I find API access to historical options data? Paid or free?
Exercise: interpretation of terms in black-scholes
About the definition of a complete market
Logarithmic price defined as the midpoint of the log bid and ask : Simple Clarification
Discussion about negative interest rate
Starting short-end OIS zero curve building
IRR of IRR or weighted average of IRR
Risk neutral pricing - Example from a book is correct?
What are commonly used price movement color schemes?
Duration calculation with negative cashflows
Stochastic Vol simulation - Quant job interview question
Interpreting Eigenvalues of Co-variance Matrix
Anyone know where I can get some expected returns?
Clarification on this author's solution for this problem on lognormal stock distribution
Risk-free: why LIBOR pre-crisis and OIS now
What value should the risk free monthly return rate be (Sharpe ratio calculation)?
methodology confirmation for computing implied risk-neutral CDF from option prices
FX Delta Volatility
Quanto Total Return of a Foreign Asset into Domestic
What is the definition of a 10-day low?
How to install QuantLib with Python SWIG for the first time?
Do high dividend yield stocks generally outperform the market?
Incremental VaR formula
What new technologies are HFT or sell-side algo firms using along-side or within CEP engines/platforms?
Variance of Brownian Motion
Average Correlation
Interpretation of Excess Return
Formula for Optimal Portfolio of 2 Assets when No Shorting Allowed?
Implementation of the Chow test in Excel/R
How to adjust corporate actions for VaR
How to derive the relationship between log yield and log price?
rate of convergence for Monte Carlo
SABR in FX market: Advantages / disadvantages
Mean Variance portfolio optimisation (Long Only) CVXPY including cardinality constraint
Premium result with BlackProcess not in line with online engines
Black Derman Toy short rate and PDE
Asian option and option pricing
Web-based Backtesting for Options Traders
How to interpret minute by minute ticker data
Understanding the relationship between the Black-Scholes formula and a replicating portfolio
Understanding the HJM drift condition's dimensions
What is the replicating portfolio for a zero coupon bond?
Girsanov theorem and default rates in bond credit rating
How to estimate the variance of this stochastic process?
Dupire's formula proof
clarification to use collocation methods to get arbitrage free sabr
Day count convention confusion
Calculating fra rates
Motivation behind stocks become flat after earnings release
Is there a way I could find a matlab or R code to estimate a regime switching stochastic volatility model (discrete)?
Finding the replicating portfolio a European T-claim (put)
LSE GARCH Modells
Transformation of GARCH Equation to multiple-day Forecast Equation
Right expression for the semi-annually compounded credit spreads?
Correlation coeffitiont between two stochastic processes
Model which fully incorporate OHLC data (higl ald low also)
Window length for predictive regressions
Integral of Brownian motion w.r.t. time
Calculate strike from Black Scholes delta
Is a linear hedge sufficient for most purposes?
How to calculate the elapsed time until a stock reach a certain price?
Pricing American Put Options via Binomial Tree in Matlab
How is term structure of interest rate reflected in Vasicek?
Why is future price process defined to be a martingale under the risk neutral measure?
Why do people use (spread) Duration times spread (DTS) but no one uses (yield) duration times yield?
References for biased forecasts from EGARCH
Tail index estimation to prove non-stable fat tail distribution
Interpreting Units of Short Rate Parameters
Breeden-Litzenberger formula for risk-neutral densities
Compute I-spread from ASW-spread (or vice versa)
Volatility Smile/skew in volatile markets
Calculating the correlation of stock A with stock B
The Greeks of a stochastic volatility model: what's the purpose?
pricing american put option with fdm
Calculating the value of an interest rate swap
What's the variance of this Ito integral?
Pricing with Vasicek model on basket of credit spreads
What is optimize.portfolio.rebalancing in R-package PortfolioAnalytics calculating?
ETFs mimicking world economy?
Building Financial Data Time Series Database from scratch
Is this a viable method for testing market making strategies?
Getting data of sub-sector indexes of an S&P 500 index sector using QuantMod in R
FX volatility quotation
Mean-Variance Optimization Techniques with Multiple Asset Classes
why Delta increases as interest rate increases
How to calculate daily return including fees?
Julia: Passing arguments to quandl function through the map() function
any ideas how to get missing returns for german governement bonds, maturity bucket 10+
SVI model and Greeks calculation
Hull White 2 factors and non Markov interest rates
implied volatility and strike price
Minimum Subset within Correlation Matrix
How to simulate a jump-diffusion process?
Black Litterman with strongly skewed/leptokurtic variables
How to use the Feymann-Kac formula to solve the Black-Scholes equation
Measuring Medium-term Inflation expectations and real interest rate from OIS and Inflation Swaps
ETFs - Do they impede the free float statistics?
Uncertain volatility
GDP and Statistical Significance
Proof of optimal exercise time theorem for American derivative security in N-period binomial asset-pricing model
Why do FX Swaps have Interest Rate Risk?
Downloaded CSV from Yahoo different than the same data when displayed on page?
Pricing Exotics: Monte-Carlo is too slow?
How can I drive FPDE of American Option Price from FMLS Model?
Scale prices in multiple stocks for comparison
How are Levy driven SDE simulated?
Difference between OIS Rate and Fed Funds Rate
Should a backtester have ability to run multiple strategies simultaneously?
Signs for the assets in a portfolio and definition of portfolio value
What kind of indicators would you look in the market preceding a recession/crisis?
Full value function of an American option with QuantLib FD
Using a Constant as a Numeraire
Proof of the convexity adjustment formula
SVI Parametrization: simple example does not work
What is the meaning of factor sensitivity and its risk premium?
How to produce historical prices of an option?
Mean-Var optimisation of Monte Carlo simulated model
Calculating Expected Return from Historical Data Alone
How to adjust regression for rolling returns?
Scaling Stock Price and Strike etc. by a Constant
How much to invest to reach a target?
Calculating the decay of a leveraged ETF
EUR/CHF fx rate drop on the 15th of January 2015
Sampling from conditional copula
Why does one-factor short-rate model tend to produce parallel shift of the yield curve?
Piecewise Ito formula
Positive bond returns and positive yield change in the same month
A bank sells a put and a call - where does it show up in the book? Asset or Liability
Test statistical significance of a trading strategy
Find all bonds associated with an equity
Price return or total return for GARCH models
How to generate simulated stock price from historical data using R?
Expected shortfall of stable distribution by Stoyanov
Portfolio risk analysis in Options & Mixed portfolios
Error/Bug in computing the Hurst Exponent on timeseries
Creating a Beta-Neutral Portfolio
Other numerraire choices when applying Feynman Kac
What is the correct convexity adjustment for an Interest Rate Swap with unnatural reset lag?
What is Treasury Credit Risk?
Using quantlib to price swaps with different payment and calculation resets for floating leg
Does the Knock-out option price go to $0$ when the stock price goes to the barrier $B$?
How to extract all the ticker symbols of an exchange with Quantmod in R?
Is there a specific meaning to the word "convoluted" in maths or mathematical finance?
Borrower, platform, SPV relationship with borrower payment dependent notes?
Hedging, Delta, Gamma, Vega
Why is the Black 76 model not considered an interest rate model?
Calculating the net interest income and net interest margin
Is a bondfuture an IRD or a Credit Derivative?
Shifted SABR for negative strikes
Calculating Implied Forward Rates from Eurodollar Futures Quotes
How to predict VaR changes on a DoD basis?
translating performance from EUR to USD
Fortune 1000 companies: which are public utilities?
IR Swaps - Curve sensitivity at maturity node
Understanding the Weights of an Optimal (Mean-Variance) Portfolio
What is a Short Option Hedging Portfolio?
parabolic pde with source term
Feynman Kac and choice of measure
Latency arbitrage: what exactly is the arbitrage mechanism?
Two questions regarding cross-hedge
Is the VIX more similar to a volatility swap or a variance swap?
Martingale representation theorem
Why somebody buy the defaulted loans?
Would it possible to use quantlib finance library to calculate folowing measures?
Square Integrable for Fourier Transform
discounted price is a martingale under any measure?
What is the industry standard for annualizing returns over non-contiguous time periods?
In what economic scenario do yield curves bull flatten or bear steepen?
Why do prices/volatilitie differ from those prediced by models, if the models are used for pricing?
Terminal node probabilities for a trinomial tree
Which libraries in python can be used for backtesting and live trading with pandas?
Quantitative approaches to measuring the effectiveness of a Stock Option Pricing Model?
What are some standard software stacks for financial data collection, storage and visualization?
Financial Instrument vs Financial Product
How do I test if my betas form a co-integrated vector?
Box-Muller Method Proof
Common pre-processing steps for forex data
What is wrong in this python backtester?
How do traders come up with prices for derivatives?
Please advice free Java library for classical time series forecasting
hedging barrier options
Calculating Greeks for basket option
American Option Bounds with Dividend Yield
How do I get a list of all ETFs / REITs?
Understanding the payoff of currency options
Where can I find open swaption implied volatility data?
How are bets and high-risk investments conceptually different, and how does this apply to binary options?
At-the-money and volatility smile
What causes poor returns in pair trading of very cointegrated securities?
Puzzler on construction of a 2-stock portfolio
Co integration of diverging time series
How do I use machine learning to build a credit scoring model?
Discrepancy between SPX and SPY call premiums
Decreasing dependence during the financial crisis?
Interpretation of an option gamma larger than one
Computing Correlation between Forward Rates
Which discount curve to use when valuing multi currency swaps
Free Data Sets for VaR calculations
pricing a derivative with a running cost
How to organize historical data including delisted
Is there a website with text-only (quick downloads) of stock data (symbol, price, etc.)?
Does financial math benefit society?
Discrete Time to Continuous Time and Summation of Two Geometric Brownian Motions
Free or Relatively Less Pricey Quant Finance courses online
Solving for volatility of a portfolio via its components
If you try to capture short term delta by anticipating moves in the underlying, why would vega pnl be so bad?
Do we need to lag values for backtesting?
Integral with respect of $(dW_s)^n$
How do option traders choose the strikes and maturities?
Extreme Value Theory in Risk Management
Where to get historical equity data?
Cointegration pair trading - how to test a trading rule using Monte Carlo?
When a hedging portfolio $X$ is used to price an asset $V $ expiring at time $T$, is it required that $X(t) = V(t) $ for all $t\in [0, T]$?
What is a good way to interpret covariance under risk neutral measure?
Can anyone explain one result regarding the correlation of Brownian motions?
What is a good choice of threshold for Value at Risk?
Mean reversion formula in log normal or exponential form?
Why can any positive martingale be written as the exponential of an Ito integral w.r.t. Brownian motion?
Fitting Tail Data to Generalized Pareto Distribution in R
Is there a stochastic equation which can model returns according to its four moments?
EWMA in python using the arch 3.2 package and pandas
question about the market quote from bloomberg
Comparing two portfolio construction strategies
How to calculate Empirical Cumulative Probability in R
Probability Distribution that fits my parameters?
Calculating the annual return on an option using a replicating porfolio
Strictly positive variance gamma process?
Historical VaR vs. EVT VaR
Significance of return under stable distribution
Delta hedging of tax option
Trading a large sum of bitcoin OTC
Convert USD yield into EUR yields
Calculating HIstorical VaR with short time series
PDE for Pricing Interest Rate Derivatives
How to calculate the YTM of an inflation linked bond
The weight of interest rates
Understanding the GDAX price chart
portfolio optimisation based on historical prices
James Simons (Renaissance Technologies Corp.) and his model
Forward 12m EPS Growth and its Earning Revision using Bloomberg
Formula for forward price of bond
Simulating Co-Integrated Assets
Does cointegration contradict the market efficiency?
Where can I find the Credit default swap index that Chase bank puts out?
Figure of Stopping and Continuation Region
Historical data on EUA Futures (Intraday, 15 minutes) from 2008
Where can I find historical daily term repo data?
Pricing an American derivative with finite differences
interview question : replication strategy of a betting game
Interest Rate Swap DV01
Does financial transaction tax (FFT) debilitate high frequency trading?
discrepancy in calculating 30/360 day count
What does implied volatility means for different call and put strike prices?
zero curvature boundary condition
binomial trees and finite differences
How do I find this Expectation?
in long term options on equities, what is the greek used for security lending rate, and what formula do you use?
Handling option expiration during Monte Carlo simulation
How to value a called zero coupon bond?
How to (efficiently) calculate the maximum possible return of a perfect "crystal ball" investment strategy?
pair trading cointegration - calculating shares quantities traded, portfolio value and returns
Tools to measure the randomness of database
Monte Carlo simulation implementation
A priori selection of acceptable backtesting errors (type I and II)
Extract Corporate Bond volume
Monte Carlo method vs PDE in option pricing
optimize gas storage schedule based on forward prices
R RSI Calculation (TTR package)
Variance of a straddle (Black Scholes)
What is a regime switch?
How to Pull Dump of Old News Articles
Trading rules from automated search
What is special about covariance estimation from statistical factor models?
For IFRS9, losses should be discounted with the EIR, why is that sensible?
$P(S_T > S_u \mid S_v = s_*)$
Possible to convert between continuous & discrete volatility without underlying data?
Measuring the surprise element of policy actions
How to derive the formula for risk-neutral probability for a Standard Binomial Tree (Forward Tree)
Volatility Surface for Inverse FX pair / Indirect Quote
How to get swap reporting data from repositories ICE and CME?
How do I loop through all the stocks and find the 10 stocks with the highest Sharpe ratio using R program?
What volatility estimator for continuous data and small time window?
Why is the overnight index swaps considered risk-free?
How much can be said about the Greeks without picking a model?
How to calculate return on investment for an adjustment to a complex options position?
using VIX to approximate BS IV for short term S&P ATM calls
Long/Short Vega and Option Positions
Mathematical underpinnings of the square root of time rule
Roll Convention for 7D Index
Definition of the bubbles and crashes
How do dealers price benchmark treasury bonds?
I want to publish my research framework for quantitative finance
How to approximate the time to mean reversion for implied volatility in python
Swaption Trading
Least Square Monte Carlo - american Call Option
How to find the formula for the half-life of an AR(1) process (using the Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process)
How to calculate ROI on a net credit option transaction?
How to calculate the implied daily move of a spread between two futures contracts?
Still confused : risk neutral measure/world
List of risk-averse utility functions
Obtain prices for list of stocks
What just happened in the market?
Interest rate implied probability of default
Vega and Gamma signs
volatilty and Sharpe Ratio of long-short portfolio
Differentiating risk aversion based on utility theory
Perpetual American option price under pure random walk
How to interpret the 'price' of a CDS?
Market imbalance measures for market making
Formula to price a CDS Index Option?
I have an interview for an assistant trader, need your help with some questions
How to efficiently get covariance matrices from a rolling window in Matlab?
Volatility products and constant vega
Using GO GARCH to optimize a yearly-rebalanced portfolio based on daily data
Vol skew and spot-vol correlation
Mean and standard deviation of price series with Kalman
What are some of the most important/interesting Risk measures to watch?
What is the Sharpe ratio of two uncorrelated strategies, each with Sharpe ratio equal 1?
Pricing interest rate options in emerging markets
Interpretation of Open Interest for Options
Trading liquidity risk
Nature of the sample
How can the market price of a stock be significantly lower than its Bid and Ask?
How to generate the views in Black-Litterman model?
J-test and Empirical Model Performance of Conditional and Unconditional Estimations (as for example in Cochrane (1996))
Essential new ideas in portfolio theory
Should cash-flows discounted at WACC be pre- or post-tax?
Volar Higher Order Parametrizations
MSGARCH package on R
Justification for Binary Option's Infinite Delta?
Translating matrix expression of Lagrangian into solve.qp() parameters (R)
How to perform Monte-Carlo simulations to price Asian options?
Unexplained, empty candlestick spikes appear after large movements
Meaning of cross sectional rank
Suppose i want to track S&P500 index using 15 stocks, how do i adjust their weights?
Combine EWMA or ARCH model with estimator other than squared returns
Distribution of Black-Scholes option price
Find Z-Spread in R
Is exposure at default the same thing as the limit amount on a loan?
DJIA Portoflio Optimization
Get expected joint-payoff price of digital options from individual payoffs
Delta-Hedging Exotic Options
What's the difference between credit risk and counterparty credit risk?
Pricing Exotic options
ARIMA model coefficients from discontinuous data series
Hedging with interest rate futures, different duration
Is there a difference between "regression toward the mean" vs "mean reversion", in the context of financial time series and cash flow analysis?
Utility function for avoiding investment
What happens to accrued interest and coupon payment if coupon date is weekend?
Risk-neutral expectation equation with collateral and funding costs
Examples of risk-seeking utility functions?
Good real time API providers for treasury futures?
What is the intuition behind the equivalent martingale measure result?
How to estimate the probability of a scenario in general
"At-the-money Implied as a Robust Approximation of the Volatility Swap Rate."
What are the difference between LCDX vs CDXHY?
Probability Integral Transform: Standardisation
Equity Dilution Question
Using malliavin derivative to find the worst Delta-positive hedge?
Is it possible to calculate the call-put parity for an option's portfolio?
Numerical American option for variable volatility
Is the discount rate the same for all market participants?
Does QuantConnect use both bid and ask data for backtesting?
How reliable is beta as a measure of risk when investing lwith a long horizon
Will I have time to continue reading some papers in physics after joining hedge funds?
Which data to use with the Fama French 5 factors model & q factor model
Sharpe ratio: discrete or continuous returns?
Close or Adjusted Prices when Backtesting
Differential of integral of a stochastic process
Interpreting description of a particular (momentum-based) data processing technique
Short rate models (stochastic)
How to reduce data dependence for empirically assessing option pricing model performance?
Using RQuantLib in Java with RJava
Where can I find information about historical asset maturities purchased for QE by Fed and ECB?
Value of a perfect hedge
Do we have arbitrage if the probability measures are less than zero
What is Advent Software's Geneva?
How can I apply error correction model in pairs trading?
What is time 0 price of Libor starting t for the period $t$ to $t+\delta t$
Calculating annualized volatility of stock returns
One-day spikes in implied volatility data
Complete Algorithm of Calibration with Vasicek Model using Term-Structure Dynamics over Time
How to show the equality of these two events?
Libraries for calculating options strategy-based margin
How to calculate an option porfolio cost and payoff function?
fixed-for-fixed currency swap interest rate discrepancy
Modelling a prepayment loan via an swap and swaptions
What is your estimation for a fair market value for a share of the REIT
Verifying value of claim as an expectation
What does equilibrium return on 90-day Treasury Bills mean?
Maximum Certainty Equivalent Portfolio with Transaction Costs
Basel Basic CVA Approach Model Foundations
How can we track historical valuations of factor portfolios in emerging markets (in terms of P/B or P/E e.g.)?
Advice on linking DUNS to GVKEY
Volatility in short-rate models and vol practical issues
Option Delta Conversion for currency pairs
How do you decide what time frame you're going to use when testing for cointegration?
Why circuit breakers can't prevent a flash crash
CAPM test methodology
Calculating historical Bond returns
Valuating Prepayment on Loans- Which models are favorable?
Where can I find statistical data about legal lawsuits against commercial and investment banks?
Fama French & Solving for Alpha
How to Construct a Corporate Yield Curve
Ito's Lemma, differentiating an integral with Brownian motion
Bond characteristics using Bloomberg in Excel
Measurable effects of quantitative easing on corporate financing cost
Black-Scholes call option formula, which probability measure
How to price a forward struck contract today by changing from a $T>T'$ forward measure to $T'$ forward measure at time $t<T'<T$?
Valuation of a swap where both parties can cancel (not settle at market) with accrual method instead of present-value?
How to cite quandl data
Futures contracts
Monte Carlo Simulation and forward curves
Baxter & Rennie HJM: differentiating Ito integral
Brazilian break even inflation curves
Diversification investment metric for a FI portfolio
Python Backtesting Framework Similar to Quantstrat
A comprehensive list of risk measures for different asset classes
MVA, initial margin valuation adjustment for derivatives
Partial derivative of an integral
How is the spread between the US-10 T-bond and the Fed funds rate determined?
Variance of the Cox-Ingersoll-Ross short rate
Computing Buy-and-hold abnormal returns (BHARs) $= \prod_{t=\tau_1}^{\tau_2}(1+R_{i,t}) - \prod_{t=\tau_1}^{\tau_2}(1+R_{m,t})$
want to get the trend in 20 10 5 day historical volatility using Logs but getting negative number
FSGM for previously issued asian options
Implied Probability Density with Puts
How to calculate the hedge ratio between two securities using the Least Squares model in Java
Simple HJM model, differentiating the bond price
Why would a principal 'insist on a name' at the original price
Low beta and high correlation
Log-periodic power law model: is it a continuous or discrete-time process?
Implied Equity Volatility under Stochastic Interest Rate
Stochastic Leibniz rule
How to Cross-Validate whether fund returns are due to static factor exposures?
Conditional expectation of a geometric brownian motion
Derivation of Black Scholes using expected payoff
How to construct a continuous price time series out of futures raw data in Excel?
Is NASDAQ file "nasdaqtraded.txt" a list of all common stocks traded on NYSE, NASDAQ and AMEX?
Yahoo finance CSV Thursday only data
How can I set portfolio weights inverse to volatility, with constraints and target volatility, using nonlinear optimization?
Why are my GARCH forecasts biased?
The meaning of risk-neutral pricing?
Hedging and measuring repo rate risk
Variance of time integral of squared Brownian motion
Periodicity justification in Markowitz optimization
Formula for conditional expectation. Related to the Fundamental Theorems of Asset Pricing
General Framework For Valuing Mortgages
Why is the Vega positive?
Smooth ornstein uhlenbeck process
Matlab recessionplot
Modeling Call Price w.r.t. Strike w Models that Capture Vol Smile
Standars for assigning maturities and hedging account balances in commercial banks
Calculate volatility under the binomial model for option pricing
Historical beta: Beta estimation for which time horizon?
pandas pull 500 stocks through data reader
How could I become a market maker in forex/equity market?
Modeling the price of an option with another option using Black Scholes
Correlation between two indexes
Backtesting with option
Zero-coupon Loan Investment
Analytic ZCB call option under Vasicek
Firm Stock market
How to calculate fair 3s1s basis levels
What is the principle of determining an arbitrary option price
How to approximate the Carr-Madan decomposition formula?
Chain rule for Ito's Lemma
R Help: Daily time series on business days
Estimating Recovery Rates
How reliable is data from CSI Market?
How to trade interest rate futures calendar spread?
How large are transaction costs in practice?
Price of every asset in discrete market model strictly increasing
Falling Futures prices positively correlated with interest rates
What is the strong solution for this SDE
Can anyone explain why dividend income shot up during 2009-10 and then back down in 2010-11
Which tool is best for drawing candle stick plot?
Quantmod alternative for pandas?
Central Bank intervention in forex market
What is the intuition to believe that a properly designed option can be dynamically hedged (just for the 1 stock case)?
Why is the implied volatility on Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ trending so high?
Metrics for curve quality
Approximating an SDE for Volatility Estimation
Law of One price and the Inconcistent pricing strategy
Risk contribution of part of a portfolio
Smoothing of the payoff function as a terminal condition for numerical option pricing
Total market size of structured products
In a Monte Carlo simulation, will a delta hedge control variate necessarily reduce the standard error more than an antithetic variate?
Application of Ito's Lemma, finding the condition for the martingale
Swaption Price with Negative Swap Rate
Callable Bond = long Bond - call on bond?
How to build a market-neutral portfolio using CVXPY?
Simulating Asset Prices by Independently Simulating Supply and Demand
Relation between Libor market model and Black76 with time-dependent vola
Passage from dates ranges to real numbers in modelling : which market practice?
What is a canonical reference on calibrating the Heston Model?
What is the value of an ATM call under the Black Scholes Framework when $T \rightarrow \infty$?
Showing the discounted stock is a martingale
Quantlib C++: How to output QL_TRACE to a log file
Implied Dividend from American Options (in practice)
How to permanently add holidays to QuantLib calendars?
Free cash flows to the firm (FCFF) and no debt
Risk, required return and expected volatility - what is the relationship?
What are the possible topics of quantitative research in M&A?
Understanding early exercise of options - The implicit put in an American call
Use machine learning to find exercise boundary of American put option
Confusion with volatility smiles implied by different models
Variable Loan Interest Question
Beginner question about basis risk
Portfolio optimization subject to transaction costs
How do I interpret the credit rating history time series?
Orthogonal sources of risk and return
Pricing the European counterpart from American Options
CAPM with thinly traded companies
Ito lemma of Convertible Bond under Two-factor Model Interest Rate
Calculate risk measures (book recommendation)?
Portfolio optimisation by asset allocation
QL-Python Bootstrapping Yield Curve FuturesRateHelper throwing off results
What price is used when you exercise an option mid-trading-day?
Factors affecting magnitude of responsiveness to acquisition announcements?
Vol specifications under Heath Jarrow Morton framework
What's the intuition behind the transformation of Black-Scholes into Heat equation?
Effective Annual Rate (EAR) calculation from periodic rate of invoice credit
Estimate The Interval For European, Say 6 month, At-the-Money, Gold Price Collars
volatility input for black scholes formula
CVXPY 's constrains doesn't work
Pricing interest rate swap in Ho Lee model
Data mining of financial time series and pattern discovery - beyond technical analysis?
Are GARCH models dependent on the returns forecasting model?
How is a GARCH model readily complementary to a forecasting model?
APR and Term to Principal Repayment Schedule Approximation
How do we know that the instaneous rate of return on this option, $\gamma$ is negative?
How would you price an option with payout ln(St) where St is the stock price at time t
Closed- solution for Convertible bond price two factor model
SABR calibration in R. How to estimate rho and nu so sum of squared errors is minimized
Discounting Curve in Quantlib/Python
Brownian bridge density and risk neutral density for derivative pricing
Why does the market follow a Fibonacci retracement?
factors affecting corporate and government bonds
Fama/French 3 Factors: How to convert published daily/weekly/monthly values to semi-annual/annual?
pricing using dupire local volatility model
when calculating sharpe ratio of a backtest, do you use the historical risk-free rate or the current one?
Do exchanges issue position ID after order execution?
How is the Wiener integral $\int{WdW}$ calculated?
Problem on Characteristic function in Heston model
How to calculate the distortion function for CVaR?
Annualization of coskewness and cokurtosis
What is the difference between sovereign bond and government bond?
taylor expansion of PnL
Why doesn't the overnight profit on a delta-hedged porfolio include interest on the initial selling/buying of the option?
QuantLib Python Swap Yield Curve Bootstrapping Dates and Maturities
How to Calculate a Negative ROI?
How is volatility relevant for trading outside of options markets?
Forward-Start Option Implied Volatility
What is the difference between overlapping and non overlapping returns
How to compute the conditional variance of this jump process?
Markov chain downgrades in loan book modelling
Removing NaN Values in Python Quantopian
What is the best way to connect R with IB?
Definition of spread duration
Why are Yahoo's "Adj closed" data changing over time?
Proving that the $\Delta$ of a call on a futures contract under the B-S model is $N(d_1)$
Stochastic differential equation of a Brownian Motion
Bond Duration hedging with long convexity
Time Series clustering
Estimating implied volatility of an index component with no vanilla options market
Do we have a Brownian motion
Single currency basis swap Risk sensitivity
Is this process of Brownian motion?
Why does depreciation not show up in my income statement?
Equivalents of E-minis in markets outside the US
Is Value At Risk additive?
How to solve $dX_t = X_t(\sigma_t dW_t + \mu_t dt)$?
How to prove we have a $\mathbb{Q}$-Brownian motion?
DAX historical data H1 interval
How measure the hedge effectiveness in hedging relation using CDS?
Which models do Bloomberg/Reuters use to derive implied volatility for interest rate derivatives with negative forward rates?
Share price after acquisition announcement (specifically QCOM NXP)
Annualize a covariance matrix?
Is forward price trendless under the real-world measure?
How to express the conditional expected variance under the risk neutral measure?
Factors not working
How to prove that every point on the capital market line corresponds to a unique portfolio
Why does the difference between two year's retained earnings not add up?
Which volatilities should I use for Quanto Options?
Roll Yield on Options?
What time series and length should be used for a second-order derivative?
Question regarding the derivation of American Put option
How to compute the conditional probability for a geometric Brownian process?
Map CUSIP to CIK
If there is an inconsistent pricing strategy then by defintion we have strong arbitrage
Difference between risk and uncertainty
How to calculate average liquidity of a portfolio with multiple assets and weights?
Calculation of Weighted Interest Rate based on Outstanding Debt
Reasons for negative autocorrelation
Clarification on the payoff of a portfolio consisting of a long Up&In Put and short Up&In Call
CAPM and expected future spot price
Mean-variance portfolio returns illogical weights
How is this SDE interpreted?
References on Pricing commodity forwards
is there a dependence between an annotation date of stocks dividend payment and the end fiscal year
Interview question on etf
HFT market-making in dark pools?
How to determine how much a company can invest in M&A activity?
Negative constant in GARCHX model
Simple simulation model of bond plus cash returns
Stress Test for gamma FX portfolios?
Volatility and resampling
Do we need a model for dynamics of IR to price a vanila swap?
Prove the jump times of a poisson process in a given interval are uniformly distributed
What is the better representative of a P-B ratio for a sector?
IV surface quoted Skew/Curtosis/Putwing/CallWing
What ultimately determines trading costs?
Is the asset-or-nothing call option in this example valued incorrectly in the Black-Scholes framework?
How to reset indicators in quantstrat / quantmod?
Stocktrack webscrapping?
Dupire equation at T = 0
How were OIS discount curves built before long-term OIS were liquid?
What's the correct choice for modeling correlated stock prices?
What is the value this "special" forward contract at maturity?
Is a CDS spread a spread in a typical sense
Whats the difference between ARCH-M and GARCH-M models?
Time Step Size for Heston Model for Different Option Maturity
Information on Security Information Processor (SIP)
What is the difference between state prices and stochastic discount factor?
API to query ME, BE/ME, P/E etc. accounting data per stock symbol
How to hedge two currency positions
Yield curve PCA vs real life frequency
LGD/PD Databases
Delta re-hedging with options
compute the risk-neutral expected variance
How exactly do I calculate and interpret factors in Fama-French model?
Simulating a stock price with Monte Carlo - Why my solution isn't equivalent to the author's
How to use factor models for prediction?
QLIKE loss function to evaluate forecasting model of log(realized volatility)
Arbitrage Free Volatility Smile
Reproduce findDrawdowns and maxDrawdown functions in R given return series
Free Data Source for Credit Spreads?
Website tracking list of companies delisted on NYSE exchange
Portfolio of single stock short put options: which correlation structure preferrable?
Why does buying future options require margin?
Why is the right part of the vol smile referred to as call skew
Expected Shortfall Formula in terms of P
Where can I get intro to basic personal finance terms? I'm a software engineer
Pricing log-contract with Black-Scholes PDE
Difference between CAPM and single index model
Replacement for Moodys BAA and AAA series
How can certain numerical distributions yield misleading standard deviation calculations?
Converting Contribution To Risk from Variance to Stdev
What is the difference between stochastic discount factor and stochastic discount factor process?
Random Walk choosing constant $g$
Pricing Debt/Credit/Mortgage+ Prepayment- Literature?
Should the Sharpe ratio of a portfolio change when it is leveraged?
How to define the $f$ function to apply Ito's lemma?
Show that there exists a fully invested portfolio such that the covariance between their returns is zero
Why did Markowitz not derive an equation for the efficient frontier?
weird stationary pattern in LDO.MI's stock price
Reliable data sources of 1,2,3,5,10,30,60,320 minute S&P500 O,H,L,C,V data
Modeling tail data using Generalized Pareto distribution
Where can I find ideas for strategies?
What is the difference between conditional volatility and realized volatility?
All martingale measures price the attainable claim equally
Fill prices on limit and market orders
Expectation of two correlated processes?
For discrete models, the existence of strong arbitrage is equivalent to a particular self-financing strategy
What does $\phi^{(n)}(t)$ mean for a portfolio?
XAU/USD rate in Yahoo Finance API
How to plot time series for stock data using R
How to calculate ex Ante Tracking Error
Suggestions for a Master thesis in option pricing models
For equity options, why sometimes ATM vol of shorter expiration is higher than that of longer expiration?
What the implied distribution really is?
Probability default calculation
Interpret predictions weekly and monthly stock price returns
Algorithmic Execution Literature/References
Pricing Secured Barrier Call
Why does the presence of cointegration solve the problem of spurious correlation?
Mean Reverting to its own variance?
Where can I get alerts for future delisting of stocks/ETFs?
How to Compute Dates for Bond
Black-Scholes evaluating the squared of the stock price
Caplet and Swaption Volatilities
Is Black-Scholes complete?
Why does the partial derivative, $X_t$, of an ABM $X(t)$ not involve standard Brownian motion $Z(t)$, even though $Z(t)$ varies with $t$?
Expectation and Cholesky Decomposition
cva for a collateralised swap
How to request intra day real time option data using ibPY?
The martingale property - why only for Black Scholes model?
Portfolio diversification on default risk
Bjork exercise 7.6: Claim that depends on $T_1$ and $T_0$
Characteristic functions for options on futures
Is this the same as the conditial expectation in risk neutral pricing formula?
FX forward curve building
formula for physical DV01 of interest rate swap
What are examples of boosting, bagging, stacking or subspace method in quantitative finance?
Asset Liability Management, probabilty of realising the paths in a Monte Carlo simulation
Comments on solution to a rather complicated EGARCH model
How to simulate the exponential law over an interval of the form [0,T]?
How is this probability (45%) of Fed raising rates 3 times in 2017 calculated from Fed Funds market?
How to, from various hypotheses on the P&L, get known models (BS, Heston etc ...)
What is the Beta of an efficient portfolio?
Finance beta: normally distributed?
Python Quantlib yield curve dates different than input
Conversion of a premium-adjusted delta to a strike
How to use a stochastic volatility model to price a quanto option
Calculating 3 month libor from 1 year libor?
Step by Step Guide to Learn Quantitative Finance
dataset on Credit Default Swap
6 month curve from 3 month forward rate agreements
What is currently predictable in the stock and bond markets and what is not
How does Bloomberg arrive at stub rate for swaps/floaters?
Model to Predict the Change in IV of an Option
Options: theoretical vs empirical price
Economics of spoofing
basic econometric model on country spread methodology
Trading strategies for illiquid markets
Question on implied vol (surface) and strikes
How to price a quanto basket option?
How can I measure wealth gain (loss) due to inequality?
How to prrice a European swaption with floor?
Moment Ito's Process Proof
Matlab implementation for modelling stock price process
Linear Transformation of stock price
Black Scholes in Practice: Delta Hedging
Bond price and its process
NPV calculation of past flows
Finding the True Option Value
Which options do not have a closed form pricing formula like BS?
How to show that $E\left[ \int_0^t \sigma(s) e^{iuX(s)} dW(s)\right] = 0$?
How to calculate the volatility of a equity option spread
PortfolioAnalytics R package - Error with the function "create.EfficientFrontier"
Package ‘PerformanceAnalytics’ - Risk-free rate : Trouble using CAPM.beta() function
How to take into account currency risk when optimizing portfolio?
Portfolio Theory: Currency Risk
In portfolio theory, has volatility a logical place as an asset class?
What is the whole list of assumption that Ho Lee model was under?
Pricing models for inflation-linked bonds?
Trading book estimation
Which interest rate to choose to estimate a CDS default probability?
For any efficient portfolio, does there exist another efficient portfolio which has zero correlation with it?
Black's model and Monte Carlo
Black Scholes biases
Time series pair X, Y, with first half correlation 0.3 and rest half 0.4, what is the general correlation?
cubic spline in excel with month, quarter and year inputs
Valuing a claim on $S^a$: This exercise/solution appears to have a mistake
Seeking a model to Isolate a stock option's Implied Volatility related to a specific event
Pegged orders vs Cancel/Replace
Portfolio Theory: Why is so much effort put into the reduction of estimation errors?
Concatenation property of a set of semimartingales
Dmat argument in solve.QP R function: Cov or 2*Cov?
optimal portfolio with different lending and borrowing rates
PortfolioAnalytics [R] - optimize.portfolio.rebalancing error
How can I identify a zero beta portfolio?
Determine the conditions for Brownian motion to be a Martingale
Data Sources - When citing source
Value of cash flow for a future in Shreve's book
How to convert daily conditional variances into monthly?
Transformation of coupled forward-backward stochastic differential equations in 3 dimensions with Ito formula
Maximum likelihood for lognormal mixture
Options Arbitrage strategy
Ticks aggregation into range bar chart
Underperformance of low vol factor after US presidential election, comeback of Value
How to calibrate an SDE's by finite difference equation?
How to compute the realised intraday volatility?
Which python packages would you recommend for time series analysis?
One week LIBOR?
To Collar or not to Collar
fx : HistSim VaR for currency NDFs
What is the relationship between Time-To-Expiry and Delta?
How to understand the integral in the Girsanov theorem?
How to find relationships between financial data?
How to synthesize this derivative security using plain vanilla call options?
Name of this type of purchase agreement?
How are OHLC bars made from bid, ask, and last trade prices?
Intraday Volatility using Realized Kernels
Optimize portfolio of non-normal binary return assets
martingale anomaly in pricing risky assets
Calculating option vega for vanilla call seems to be factor of 100 out
Why won't Bjork ever show that the integrability condition is satisfied?
How to price 0 floors in csa agreements for negative ois rates?
Equivalent form of Black-Scholes Equation (to transform to heat equation)
Excel XIRR function producing unexpected IRR
Hull-White formula on wikipedia, correct?
Generating a random covariance matrix with variances in range
Return correlations
Pricing defaultable asset with finite maturity
Robust regressions: how to interpreter R^2
Can I always use quadratic variation to calculate variance?
CIR Process from Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process
Is the exponential Shannon entropy sub-additive?
Duration of callable zero coupon bond
Trading physical gold vs XAU
Variance Futures Trading
How to price Swaptions with short rate models?
Derivative and Credit Risk Modelling
OTC Variance Swap margin
Constructing a hedging strategy for an American option
Reliability of CDS indices?
Calculating implied vol using vanna volga
How can risk-neutral pricing find the right price for securities if it doesn't account for risk premia?
What is a technical value?
Why do we have zero drift when switching to a martingale measure?
Trading a planned drop of FX peg
Prepayment-Data : Open Databases?
Why is $Y(t)V^h(t)$ a martingale?
Analytical Solution for Heston Model
Use of ACD to model transaction durations
How should I develop my coding ability in order to set myself up for a quant role?
How to compute conditional expectation of multivariate normal
Basis swap spread pricing and bootstrapping
Reference request: Quantitative approaches to market abuse detection
from local volatility function to implied volatility for a given strike
why does index futures swing more than index?
Adjusting a daily log return for a cash inflow/outflow
simple question on rate finding under B&S
Given $S$ is a Geometric Brownian Motion, how to show that $S^n$ is also a Geometric Brownian Motion?
Different definitions of arbitrage
Out-of-sample performance
Proof that linear returns aggregate across securities
Fair price and no arbitrage
PDE of barrier and lookback options
Computing the profits for a simple trading strategy (Backtest)
Is mathematical finance relevant in asset managament?
Looking for materials regarding Pair Trading
Question regarding the Category 3 PRIIP MRM calculation
Textbook for US Treasury Bond / Notes Futures
why is the delta of a short call option negative?
Computing multiple indicators in tidyquant
Funding Valuation Adjustment (FVA) - understanding issues
Bachelier option delta = probability of exercise?
zero coupon bond pricing formula using Hull White
Does Bloomberg Terminal have access to CRSP "permno"s, Compustat GVKEYs?
Trouble understanding lookahead bias
CVA formula for a call option
Optimal weights for portfolio optimisation (r)
Why " Even if the underlying asset price remains unchanged, the option delta for an in-the-money option increases as expiration nears"
Extreme cases of normal random numbers and NaN
No-arbitrage theorem: a proof
Why is a martingale a risk-neutral measure
Black Scholes: two assets, same $W$-process
Are there any free algorithmic economic news feeds available?
Physical Measure in Weather Derivatives -- Hull
Discrepancy in stock volume amounts at Yahoo, Google, Stock Market Watch and the official website of a company
Calculate OIS rate 3 months, 1 year
How to solve this PDE using Feynman-Kac?
Self financing strategy : how to understand it in continuous + transaction cost model?
How to find the ideal options trade given certain return distribution?
When pricing options, which day counting conventions should be used to calculate time to maturity?
Terminal Condition for American Put Option
Low-rank approximation techniques for portfolio optimisation
How to price options that depend on two assets in continuous time?
What's the importance of duality theory in portfolio optimization?
How to implement industry neutralization?
What is the difference between pull to par and roll down in both mathematics and conceptual?
How do you define returns when price may be negative (electricity price)?
Why is shorting (oil) futures a bit of a negative gamma trade?
Confusion about CEV model
Why can't/doesn't the Fed adjust the federal funds interest rate continuously?
Target date funds - glide path quantitative foundations?
what is the meaning of $U^{n+1/3}$ ADI method
Expected value of a wiener process on an infinite time horizon with a barrier
Scaling the data to train, then how to scale the input data?
Hourly Returns Statistical test
Spot an activity of stock tickers
How to construct interest rate trinomial tree for Hull-White model using QuantLib and Python
S&P P/E Ratio 2008 Spike Explanation
How to find the mean and variance of this stochastic process?
how to understand the zero vol condition in Heston stochastic vol model
How to hedge a MV portfolio against crises
Jamshidian's trick for Swaptions
Obama's lowering mortgage ins rates makes no fiscal sense, because the Fed just raised its rates for the first time last year. Right?
How to compute the expected stock price from option prices?
P2P lending and correlation with other major asset classes
FX Option pricing on Forward vs. Spot
Best strategy for generating floats with minimum amount of risk
Return on investment in spreads
Using CAPM to find correlation of two assets with each other
Is it possible to hedge Spread Risk on a Forward Swap?
Numerical method to extracting a piece of a summation function?
FX Option Pricing Under Basis Adjustment
Best method for interpolating yield curve? [Multiple questions]
Can someone suggest some good reads on OAS and Spread Duration?
calculating the pair weights from log price hedge ratio
Currency/Forex Hedging using Momemtum Strategy
Shape and geometry of the yield curve
What is the best benchmark index for computing the beta of a multinational company?
Computation of limit
how to define the risk neutral measure when the interest rate itself is stochastic?
Beta Hedging through factor model
Payoff of European Call Option with Transactioncosts
Yahoo Finance API Commodity Prices
Given three stocks what is the fraction of each stock's risk is diversified away
Black Scholes differential
Yahoo: Downloading Stock data from symbols with a period (.)
How to calculate the VaR of a portfolio containing Stocks and ETFs?
pair trading - rolling adf test
Cox-Ross-Rubinstein - getting volatility
Why is the statement "the volatility of a $T - t$-month prepaid forward on asset X is $\sigma$" the same as "the volatility of asset X is $\sigma$"?
Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation in Merton Model
Examples of algorithmic trading strategies for options
Option on index vs option on index future
Are there any free data of DAX or DAX future in 1-second or 1-minute time resolution?
Close prices discrepancy between binary.com, google, yahoo and wsj?
Are there any papers measure the accuracy of various option pricing models against real market price?
Calibrating a two-factor Hull-White model using Neural Networks
Using CAPM to derive the following
How can I get all the financial ratios of all the companies listed on Nasdaq?
Financial instrument code crossreference
Forward price - T-forward martingale
Bond duration and the mathematical proof of 'bond price recovery'
Which risk-free interest rate to use in Black-Scholes equation
Is there an open architecture API or excel solution for calculating and adjusting bond pricing?
Geometric Brownian Motion: percentage returns vs log-returns
What is the distribution of percentage return in general?
Product Control Fixed Income - Interview Question
Given two risky stocks calculate the rate of return, standard deviation, beta, and risk-free rate
Exponential Discounting of Cash Flows
Scaling Z value/or voll with square root of time
How to derive the prices of downstream products from raw commodity prices?
Arbitrage problem
Why should long-term investors care about flash crashes/ intra-daily volatility/HFT?
How to calculate which companies moved their earnings dates?
Price a forward contract on a zero-coupon bond
Two definitions of Beta
commodity futures options data
Making a Trading Strategy Industry-Neutral
Clarification on the Black-Derman-Toy model regarding measuring time and notation
Why there is some inhomogeneous term in the PDE of fixed income
How exactly does "arranged financing" work?
When a stock's price could suddenly drop to zero before expire. does black-scholes misprice the option? Too high or Too low?
FX Option with Different Premium Currency
Unicredit February 2017: would I have Lost 50 Percent of my Money?
What does a negative coefficient of variation mean when calculated from daily returns during a period?
Proof for the Duplication Invariance property for the Most-Diversified portfolio
Transform raw forecasts into orthogonal forecasts
Is there a recognized alternative to Value at Risk for risk reporting?
What are the assumptions in the first-stage of Fama-MacBeth (1973)?
S&P 500 list for free with exits?
Commodity index member weights (historical) for S&P GSCI and BCOM
What is the unit of $T$ in the Black-Scholes formula?
What is non-reservable criticized exposure?
What is the risk-free asset?
Confusion about Assumptions in Markowitz Optimization
How to compute the Value-at-Risk of an equity portfolio hedged using futures contracts?
How to converting CDS Upfront Fee into Traded Spread?
A bug in delta hedging, when for a certain step dS=0
Is there evidence that delta-hedging of large investors affects markets?
Liqudity and Blockchains: How does settlement time affect real trading?
Quantlib python dual curve bootstrapping example
European Financials Index
Fitting GARCH(1,1) in Python for moderately large data sets
How does P&L of delta hedged option position accumulate over time?
Are Insurance and Risk premium totally different?
Risk management for Digital Option at large Bank
FX Price aggregation method
Pricing and Hedging an Option through a Currency Triangle
From continuous compounding to simple compounding - convexity adjustment
FX: PRDC (Power Reverse Dual-Currency Notes): key risks and callability
Simple Sharpe Ratio Question Related to Trading Strategy
How to identify a change in market dynamics?
Where can I get a dependable data stream of stock prices?
ODE Solution in Carr's Randomized American Put
probability of default for Kolomogorov backward equation
How to find the transition distribution functions of these two processes?
Is there a quick way to see why this claim $C(S, t)$ on $S$ does not satisfy the Black-Scholes PDE?
How to normalize various indicators into one column?
Good books on predictive modeling (for alpha signal research)
Relative Value Trading of American Style Options on Futures, Calcuating hedging ratios?
ML classification algorithms give random profit
What is the effect of increasing volume depth to stock volatility?
Utility-optimal leverage with costs
Bull spread problem
Why are some utility functions widely used?
Alternative to Bloomberg Excel Add-In for EOD Stock Prices
Historical Daily/Monthly NAV for Closed End Funds - known duplicate but unanswered previously
Risk-adjusted returns ratio that does not reward high risk for negative returns
What happens when someone makes absurdly high or low bid or ask on a stock?
"Adj Close" data could be different in different data range?
How to find the transition distribution functions of these two processes?
How do I value a private company's market cap?
Efficient way to short Tesla
Stochastic process and brownian motion
Beginner question: how do I use common indicators in backtesting with tick data? Do I resample to 1-day data?
Determining if a bond is quoted dirty or clean
Option Position Limit in Investment Bank
Understanding the repo to maturity trade
R tidyquant - problem with col_rename in tq_transform
bond repo - credit risk management with haircut
Buying shares of NASDAQ listed companies on the NYSE
Problem with R code, with option pricing
Open Interest on Options on Futures
Monthly returns annualized vs annual returns
Implied Volatility of a stock?
What is the risk-free rate of a precious metal, e.g. gold?
Delta hedging frequency, Gamma PnL
Yahoo options chain pricing vs stock broker pricing
Simplest portfolio optmization under transaction costs
Calculating the returns of a long/short strategy
Practical challenges in storing and managing market data
Option on Loan rate
Upper and lower bounds of the early exercise boundary for American option
Difference in formulas for u & d in Binomial trees
yahoo YQL to find industry that a ticker belongs to
Hedging equities portfolios with vol products
Skew and shadow delta
Simple QuantLib Bond Math
Risk neutral measure of short rate model
Duration and DV01 vs coupon rate
Using the binomial-tree approach to price an option in quantlib - with time expressed as a fraction of year
Where to find historical fundamental data of S&P constituents in Thomson Reuters database?
How to price a call option which depends on two Wiener processes?
Forecasting volatility with rugarch and Covariance Matrix
Why can we neglect the mean in the variance when the time step is very small?
How to derive the Black Scholes partial differential equation from a stock log-normal distribution?
Modelling option price change in N days
Black's formula for a call option on a non-tradable underlying
Notion of risk-less portfolio in derivation of Black-Scholes
Fractional Brownian motion - probability density function of the increments
Energy Risk Quant--Any discussion boards for energy related quant topics?
What does cash mean in the fixed income context?
Which book would you recommend for beginners in Quantitative Finance?
FF 3 Factor Data for Europe
Return on asset value for one company different on Yahoo Finance and on Market watch
Prove that the butterfly condition is always greater than zero
Dupire's formula explanation
Reference for delta hedging programmatically
Simulation of the Vega in Heston model (for Asian Option)
Price of bond future, given a specific interest rate?
Prove that the vertical spread condition is bounded
Mark Joshi, C++ Design Patterns and Derivatives Pricing : Bridge Pattern vs More Simple Inheritance
What is the difference between performance fees and carried interest?
Is Hasbrouck's information share measure a good indicator of whether a price leads others, and are there alternative indicators?
Is the Implied Volatility Curve different under the Black-Scholes and Bachelier models?
How to compute the variance of a Long-Short Equity Portfolio?
What is the martingale measure requirement when $\mu(t,S(t)) = \mu(t)$?
What are some reasonable parameters with three Wiener processes?
What does LIBOR really represent?
Strange Delta for FX Down And Out Call, Strike below Barrier
Why is Yahoo finance's historical prices so high
In FX trading, is the risk for long positions higher than for short positions, or vice versa?
Rotations and Shifts in the f-GARCH News Impact Curve
How to come up with this present value in this question?
Spot and Vol Correlation in Idealised Regimes of the Volatility Surface
Risk-Neutral CAPM
Does CAPM hold for markets with two risky assets?
Can tobin's Q value for a firm be negative?
Pricing Asian option at discrete times
The solution to arithmetic brownian motion
Valuation of FX vs. Commodities Barrier Options
The effects of “cost of carry” and “convenience yield” in pricing futures and forwards
Where can I get historical P/E ratio data of american stock?
How do I calculate the inverse rate of an exotic?
Should price impact be the same for positive/negative implied volatility shocks?
Accurate closing and opening prices
How to price barrier options with making in model-independent way?
Dynamic Hedge of Quanto Options
Why does this delta hedge work, and what to do in more general circumstances?
Price of a Bond-Call option in the defaultable framework
Loading metastock data into panda data frames
How can I prove that the sum of two log-normal variable is not log-normal?
Binomial Model for options pricing with continuous compounding
Combine future contracts into time series
Barrier Derivative Pricing
How to price up-out-call by solving heat equation like down-out-call
Can Q-table learned by specific stock be applied to only that stock?
Doing MC simulation using two different methods, are they the same?
How do market participants know intentions of other players
R optimization using OPTIM
USD-Federal Funds for OIS swaps vs USD-Federal Funds for Basis swaps
Hedging a binary option close to expiry
Will volatility smoothing effects exist for returns driven by geometric brownian motion?
FX options pricing exchange rate regimes
Ed Thorp Wilmott Articles
Why must a riskless portfolio earn the risk-free rate?
The PDE of the probability hitting the barrier before T
Self-financing portfolio under $Q$-dynamics
Valuing cleared cancellable swap
Net present value when cash flows accrue continuously and are stochastic
Assigning Constraints to weights
Why repo goes negative for bonds trading special
Find the tick increment value of an equity
Tenor basis spreads 1mv3m vs 3mv6m
How bad off are we when we use the "regular delta replication" strategy in an FX market on a Quanto?
What is the intrinsic value of a stock that doesn't give dividends?
Why 10 year treasury yield expectation note priced in bond prices?
Question on an example from "Dynamic Hedging" by Nassim Taleb
Variance Ratio Test in R
normalized 15-min absolute returns
How can I get reliable Yahoo Finance stock information?
Would a cash-settled American Option ever be optimal to early exercised?
Multi-factor affine yield models reference (a la Duffie and Kan)
Fair value for a LEPO (Low Exercise Price Options)
Price of a double barrier option
Data on morocco exchange reserves
Do all assets satisfy the "black scholes type PDE", or just the stocks?
Notation clarity on continous proesses
I am looking for a list of all companies worldwide with their annual revenue
relationship between volatility and equity premium
Estimation of the drift of a non-stationary process
$\sigma$-indepencene in affine multi-factor model for interest rate derivatives
How come SNAP does not have option chain?
Is it possible to approach finding the risk premium of this derivative using Ito's Lemma?
How to evaluate companies with different rate of growth rate?
Hedge variance swapping by vanilla option(constant vega portfolio against underlying asset)
How to compute delta and delta-hedge in practice?
Bachelier model call option pricing formula
Value at Risk - What if an account has never suffered from a negative return
Capitalization constraint in portfolio optimization
Does a trade always change the mid-price?
Alternative to Quandl for Europe or France equities?
Reference request: hedging options and The Greeks
book of options hedging case of floating rate
Why is the dividend risk of an option equal to its delta?
Finding robust regions of multidimensional parameter combinations in trading strategies
Parametric estimation of risk-neutral density/implied distribution
Upper bounds on option prices
Explanation on the application of CLT in bionomial tree model
Return $\mu$ and volatility $\sigma$ for tangency portfolio of DOW30 too large?
duration of a cms swap
Why SPY gaining value overnight?
Stationary Process with autocorrelation in Variance; square root rule
Repo Settlement v. Collateral Settlement
Is there a reliable International Currency Exchange rates provider in JSON format
CME gold futures, do expiries follow any rule?
BUS/252 accrual - why 252?
How to solve one-touch American call
R GARCH simulation providing whole components (y, cond.vol. etc.)
Is there any research available on profile of the market participants in different markets?
Variance swap "fast" models
Greeks for a portfolio? PnL for gamma trading
Inference on bootstrap confidence intervals for VaR
A more mathematically rigorous explanation for why in the B-S model, the expected return on a call goes down as the stock price goes up
Price of a prepayment-based claim
Google Finance API, how to retrieve identical ticker symbols in python on two exchanges
How to make the arbitrage if intrinsic value is greater than European call value
Use random-shift Halton sequence to obtain 40 independent estimates for the price of a European call
What is the profit and loss of a hedged call option portfolio?
Some confusion on american put pde
How do the units compare inside the (rate - 0.5*sigma-squared) correction?
Why is the fair strike of a variance swap called implied volatility?
How variance dispersion trades become short volatility
What's the exact definition of alpha?
Basic practical question about Delta hedging
Delta hedging and PF-value
Volatility and Counterparty risk for FX Forward
Spurious regression between two futures with the same underlying highly correlated (cor=0.9)
Reference request : Introductory technical analysis
Proof of gamma profit formula
Backtesting of value and technical analysis
Call option prices in terms of maturity with negative interest rates
why futures contract has no value
How a chose between strict vs dynamic measurement of moving average
How to calculate the daily carry on a bond future?
Probability of default
What instruments help me receive a premium?
SABR beta range
PortfolioAnalytics [R] - optimize.portfolio.rebalancing / rebalancing period
When computing Garman-Klass volatility in R why does it leave out the ten first values?
Asset-Or-Nothing call option price with skew
Where I can find historical earnings dates for stocks?
Using black scholes to model a clawback in private equity
The PDE of caplet and floors
Daily yield to maturity using `uniroot` in R: error
VARMA GARCH modelling in R
Altman Z-Score model for PD calculation
How far the spot price is likely to go from the current level in three months if its volatility is 15.7%
What jobs in Finance are most math intensive?
Yield-to-Maturity and its assumption
Futures hedging for FX
Change of measure's impact on parameter value
CDO Implied correlation: what for?
how to use excel solver to get the shares weights minimize a risk indicator given a fixed profitability I want to make?
Zero coupon bonds dynamics
Variance Swap Vega
Heston & Nandi GARCH model, parameters estimation from option data
Reference request: local volatility and time-dependent volatility
Public Company Competitors?
forecast using rugarch in r
Portfolio optimisation with conditional weight restrictions among asset
Relationship between hike in interest rate and drop in treasuries yields
Calculating Quarterly Returns using Daily Prices in R
Pricing an "equity protection" derivative: a practical example
"a straddle will be equal to two calls delta neutral or two puts delta neutral"?
Definition of "From Currency" and "To Currency"?
R/fOptions Binomial Options Pricing warning message
How to correctly calculate P/E ratio of Singapore stocks?
Delta of a Single Future Commodities ETC
Is using a Monte Carlo simulation sufficient for predicting probabilities that a stock will hit a certain price by a certain date?
strategy for backtesting
how to calculate daily risk free rate using 13 week treasury bill
QuantLib Gsr model
How to download historical composition of a Stock Index with monthly prices
Prove that a determinant in markowitz method derivation is greater than zero
Correct procedure for modelling GARCH for forecasting volatility of stock Index returns
Why is realized volatility typically lower than implied volatility?
A forward Monte Carlo method for American Options Pricing
Derivation (or proof) of commonly used formula showing relationship between time and smoothing factor in exponential smoothing
In Linear Regression for time series stock prediction, instead of cost function, use final portfolio value?
Building implied binomial tree with American input options
Black-Scholes model and arbitrage free price
Cointegration and pairs trading
How to deduce the mode associated with a call option value?
Most GUI user friendly Time series Econometrics software for modelling and Forecasting GARCH models
Interest Rate Swap Pre-Settlement Risk
Why we need compute the clean price
Self-Financing Portfolio
why we drop the last term in the Barone-Adesi Whaley formula
Soft American Options
How do I learn the stochastic calculus of Poisson processes?
What are the books in which to study the basics of the derivative financial instruments?
Help on minimum variance optimization on U.S. Equity/Bond ETFs - Intuition
Zero-beta assets and the Sharpe-Lintner CAPM
Deriving Cox, Ingersoll and Ross expression for the relationship between forwards and futures, how do they conclude a specific step?
Convexity Adjustment for Futures
How to compute Pr(S>100) when S follows Geometric Brownian Motion?
Extending an incomplete market to generate a complete one
Are there opportunities in the market for low volume hobbyist algorithmic traders?
Estimating volatility
Euler discretization
Option valuation in illiquid markets
Solving a Markowitz problem with restrictions (lower and upper bound) to the weights vector
Historic Volatility calculation does not fit to given figures
Euler discretisation error for stochastic volatility model
Derivation of the efficient frontier set (markowitz problem)
How to estimate historical implied volatility?
compute return from yield
Show that two formulations of Markowitz problem are equivalent
Reference: Vanna, volga, vega approximations
Solution for Markowitz problem with Safety-First Ratio
Liquidity Risk - "The wise banker's aphorism"
Barrier digital options and pricing
How to Calculate (month by month) what hikes are priced into OIS?
Improvement of Alpha Expression
Valuation functional
When a particular bond is delivered, why there is the need to define a conversion factor? What is its utility?
Does this trade have a name?
Variance Equations is missing definition
Relationship between Implied Volatility Curve Derivatives and the Underlying's Moments
Delta hedge value formula
Euler discretization of SDE, combined with antithetic sampling
Backtest Results needed to Model Validate my Modern Portfolio Theory model
How did Dimson, Marsh and Staunton (2002) computed the equity index annual real return?
Trinomial tree VBA code
Delta-hedging non-volatile stock
From BS formula how to show Euro-call values go up and Euro-put values go down with interest rates?
How to check if relationship between two variable changes over time?
Why were Fama/French Momentum Factors discontinued in 2016?
Monte Carlo European Option Pricing
to interpret open interest
Possible to use diffusion equation(s) to price derivatives with non-zero boundary conditions?
Making mathematical sense of the expression for realized bond return
Missing sequence numbers in TAQ Quote data
Carr and Madan Fourier Transform
Explanation of formula for implied volatility given $\sigma(t)$
Expirations of WTI options
When is implied volatility greater than realized volatility?
When to expect profitability of a call options buying strategy
Variance swap : ok for variance, but where's the square expectation?
Credit quotations with which ISDA models?
Proof of approximation formulas for implied volatilities
Quantmod - converting daily data to weekly data (changing time intervals from monday to monday)
Floor option EVE risk: Sum of key rate shocks risks vs. the rates parallel shock risk
What are the quantitative approaches to quantify credit risk for Private Equity and Real Estate?
Martingale method for utility maximization - is the optimal strategy also a martingale?
How does gamma trading depend on $K$?
would multiplying a co-variance matrix by the inverse of a variance matrix generate a beta matrix?
What are Generic government treasury bonds? (Bloomberg terminal)
Stochastic Interest rate spot forward relationship
Questions on the concept of GARCH model
delta-hedging is failing
Generating a P&L that is linear in the variation on an underlying at no cost
Lookup option code at the time of the signal
Is the local volatility linear if smile is linear?
Risk neutrality in the recent PRIIPs regulation
Aggregating/Simplifying Tick Data
Minimum variance in a portfolio of call options
Numerix CrossAsset cost and coverage
how to calculate the theta of a swap?
how to calculate forward delta (not spot delta) of a swap?
How are zero-coupon bonds issued?
Hedging digital calls
Help with a research paper on the Black-Scholes equation
Types of risk for stock investing
Explanations regarding Minimum Variance Portfolio
Trading strategies for increased realized volatility
How to compute VaR of a simple equity portfolio?
call vs put open interest
Example of delta one products
Pearson correlation coefficient based on OHLC data
General Mortgage Backed Securities
How would you arbitrage this?
reconstruct LOB from NASDAQ ITCH -how to handle market price order
What does "1-month horizon" mean in VaR calculations
Dividend yield under Black 1976 formula for futures options?
Covariance matrix for VaR: what to do with missing data?
On the application of Itos lemma to Geometric Brownian motion
z-score versus log standardisation of stock prices for calculating correlation; which to use (in ML clustering, distance measure)?
Girsanov Theorem application to Geometric Brownian Motion
Continuous delta hedge formula
Why is $dS/S$ an estimate of realized volatility?
Forward pricing using Vasicek model
Simulation of the geometric Brownian motion under risk-neutral measure
What should $T$ be when gamma trading?
How to calculate Delta of an option in the Local Volatility model?
Applications of PCA to yield curve analysis
Why is PV(tax shield) calculated using cost of debt capital for discounting?
Calculating basic win% of simple trend-following strategy?
Using crude Monte Carlo
First passage probability in american option pricing
How to use exponential smoothing for trading?
Risk neutral probabilities for foreign currency exchange rate
Gamma of a Lookback Option
Future Quotes on the S&P 500 Index
A libor curve VS A 3-month or 6-month libor curve
T-Forward measure
Historical overnight stock data
Force of interest third degree polynomial
How to "Standard Beta Hedge"?
R squared statistic in predictions of returns
Pricing zero coupon bonds on a yield curve
Non-convergence in Monte Carlo
Compute gaussian VaR with a "1-month horizon"
Is this the correct way to hedge two securities against each other?
Portfolio Optimization with maximum number of Trades constraint
Increasing the correlation of two asset reduce the value of spread option.
Three-state Markov Chain: Credit rating question
Where is the bias in this simple backtesting framework?
Isn't this modified stop-loss strategy an arbitrage?
What is the Kelly Criterion for continuous probability case?
Calculating the Cost of Delay
Portfolio returns from activity records
Live data for: Bond Yield and Dollar Index
Regress the changes in a bonds YTM against the changes in YTM of a bond index?
Is there any public data to get OIS for differal time (1d, 1W, 1M, ..., 10Y)?
Dealing with misaligned dates for trend-following strategy?
How do you find variance of a sde?
Filtering "anomalous" time and sales prints
Joint estimation of GARCH models with ARMA terms in the conditional mean: a necessity?
A portfolio with two risky assets - Simple exercise
Minimize overall portfolio turnover under constraints
Portfolio with several risky assets and one risk-free
variance of log return
Why is option value different from discounted CF
How does a Short position impact the PnL?
Calibration of Monte Carlo value?
An arbitrage strategy involving forward contracts to show that LIBOR rates are martingales
Are futures/forward contracts tradable in the middle of its life? If yes, how?
Why is stock futures price much lower than spot?
Yield-to-maturity determines bond price or viceversa?
Relationship between SABR and Heston
Fitting the Term structure of Discount Bonds with Ho-Lee
1-year Var calculated from 1 year volatility
VaR estimate with Monte Carlo simlation
Intuition behind the change of variable of BS into Heat Equation
How to price the American style Asian option with recent N day average
Should I randomly shuffle train and test datasets?
Option delta difference between OTM call and OTM put
Data Issue: Observations in Portfolio Construction
Option pricing with dependent risk factors
What parameters give a smile (not smirk) in Heston?
Boundary condition of lookback option
What's the most acceptable name for the "put or call" attribute of an option contract?
Does the YTM for a zero coupon treasury equal the treasury yield curve value for it's maturity?
Is it better to express a currency position through multiple pairs?
How can I extract market themes using an algorithm?
Methods to compute Local Volatility surface and price
pairs trading, normalization
Is there a non-recursive way of calculating the exponential moving average?
ATM i.r. Caps - Black vol calibration
At the money put and call having the same price
influence of exponential-Lévy on a call price
Formula for Merton jump diffusion call price
Why change numeraire for the LIBOR Market Model
Stop Orders - Force a Sale?
Install QuantLib on Mac OS X
Gaussian vs Student Copula applied to finance
Fees from market order routing in different fee-strucuted exchanges
Extending risk neutral measure to insurance/mortality filtration
How to calculate vertical spread loss using Black Scholes?
European call delta derivation
Writing option on one's own default
Calculate Sharpe ratio for only one return
From Delta to moneyness or strike
Survival Probability and Hazard Rate Function
Implied volatility in parametric VaR
Is Wolfram Mathematica a suitable tool for quant?
If I have adj.close and close, how to convert open to adj.open?
Pricing of a Foreign Exchange Vanilla Option
Shifted heston call price
How do I calculate levered equity beta without unlevered equity beta?
Reference request for arbitrage pricing with martingale theory
Questions about Markit rates curve bootstrapping
Expected Cash flows of a Floating Rate Note
Why Regression should only be done on Non-Stationary data points?
Greeks(theta) of a Down-and-Out barrier option
How do we solve bellman's equation in Merton's model
Fixed Income VaR: Yield Vol vs Cash Flow Mapping
Equal Risk Contribution in Portfolio Analytics r pkg
Heston ITM and OTM options pricing
Sharpe Ratio, risk free rate
Why optimize.portfolio in R package PortfolioAnalytics is not working?
Monte carlo simulation for arithmetic average price asian option
ultra-long tenor European call option valued using Black-Scholes
In R, Performance Analytics package, chart.Drawdown, plot several drawdowns curves on the same plot
What is the total correlation between assets in a portfolio?
R, Performance Analytics, How to chart continuous line with non continuous data?
Downside Market Capture Ratio: compute with sum or product?
Normalise daily trading volume/value
FX Hull-White model
Quantitative Strategy on Variance Swap (master thesis)
How to understand the market price of risk
Real Options: Calculating the "option to switch use" using binomial lattices
Flow Variable and Stock Variable
Portfolio optimization: how to take care of single name corporate bonds?
Basket Option pricing of two stocks
Pathwise Derivative To Estimate Delta
Which of the three options is the most valuable?
Converting international equity returns to USD
Why does Bjork use the term "hedging" to denote a replicating portfolio?
cross currency swap expiry principal amount
Expectation of N(d2)?
1 minute data: Japan, Australia and India stocks
What are the current gold standards for volatility prediction error?
Calculation of dividend yield from index returns
CRRA utility application
Expected profit from straddle and its standard deviation
Electricity Prices: Change of measure in practice
How is the Blockchain.info Bitcoin Market Price Calculated?
How can I calculate Fama-French Beta, RMW and CMA factor for a particular stock?
Getting Returns from Local Currency to USD
Detecting stochastic volatility
First passage probability formula
Is a common approach to calibration reasonable?
A question about dates generation
if you short sell? And Right issue has taken place, so Does Right issue has negative positions in Portfolio or not?
Understanding Girsanov's theorem in Bjork's book
Understanding the downsides in of trading in smaller exchange
Arbitrage free smoothing of implied volatility surface, by Fengler
Boeing's Debt-to-Equity Ratio
What is Dual Delta?
Is there any good academic references for Forex inefficiency?
Why is logarithmic mean equal to the arithmetic expectation less one-half its variance?
Why must the risk free rate be free from risk in risk neutral valuation?
Feynman-Kac converse
markov property for stochastic differential equation
Option pricing books for engineers
Implied Volatility Surface - log forward moneyness
Receiver Swaption and Callable Bond - Literature Proof?
Integrating Credit and Market VaR
Is this the right formula to use implied volatility to gauge probability of a stock being within a certain range?
American Vs European Options behavior with fixed strikes and varying expiration
Why changing measure is necessary?
Factors that make sell-side valuations of equity derivatives differ
Finding the delta and gamma with historical data
Estimate Options Delta By Hand
Forward and discount curves for cross currency swaps
Two time series similarity with slightly offset timestamps
Convergence of Spot and Futures prices
Characteristic function of SDE with coefficients depending upon second coupled SDE
How to build Factor model like Fama & French (2014)?
Swap contract comparative advantage
What is the best trading simulation platform for futures, swaps, options, etc.?
Modeling FX option in a negative interest rate environment
PCA and constructing an index
Why does the Markowitz mean-variance model require the assumption of normality?
Integrating Interest and Dividend Functions
Why is variance problematic as a risk measure?
Reliable stockmarket holiday, open and close time dataset/api?
Delta Hedging: Clarification example of the book "Hull, Options, Futures, and Other Derivatives"
Evaluating passive fills
GARCH mean and volatility spillover R commands needed
Model for target zone exchange rates
How to compute the CVA on a swap with SPV?
To compute key rate duration, shall I use par curve or zero curve?
Proof that Sharpe ratio of the benchmark is related to the maximal information ratio and Sharpe ratio
Is an autocorrelation of the abs returns just a consequence of the volatility burst?
How to quantify how many ECB hikes are priced in?
What is the difference between the Single Index Model and Multi-Index Models in computing the variance-covariance matrix of stock returns?
Shall I use the Longstaff and Schwartz method or the forward Monte Carlo method to price an American call?
Finite Difference Method for Black-Scholes-Formula
Rigorous definition of the two values of a European call
FX forward rates
What is the other type of impact of dividends on the stock price in this formula?
What is the analogue used by Hull to price European calls with known cash dividends?
Intuition behind log return of portfolio = weighted sum of log returns
Control for non-synchronous trading in correlations
Data sources to get past news articles
time series for futures roll
Simulation of Traders
"Forward price of bond" VS "Price of a bond with a future settlement date"
Determine trends of data (direction detection or turning point detection)
VAR-aDCC full ARCH and GARCH parameter matrices in R
What is an Efficient way to calculate Simple moving average without saving previous N period values?
Is there any useful links for option pricing (american + asian + european) using R
Do underlying assets have a no-arbitrage price?
Black Variance Surface
Estimate American-style option delta from similar options
When translating factors into normalized Z scores, why use cap-weighted means?
Likelihood Ratio Method - Delta
How is the "probabilities sum to $1$" rule enforced in betting exchanges?
Why is there greater demand for OTM and ITM options than for ATM options?
Monte Carlo volatily
Are some stock prices not ARIMA(0,1,0) processes?
Wrong pricing of Asian Option
Wavelet transform (the à trous time-based decomposition) in R
What does "rolling" for a CDS contract mean?
Distribution of realized volatility for stock prices from a GBM
What is a notation '1' in risk neutral probabilities paper?
How to determine the risk free rate for the calculation of Beta
Why is utility concave?
Question regarding the purchase of a Variance Swap
Super Hedging in incomplete Trinomial Tree
why swap rate not dependent on valuation date?
Derivation of BS PDE problem using Delta hedging
Put call parity in practice
Finite Difference Method for Black-Scholes differential equation
Proof of arbitrage-free implied volatility surface in relation to local volatility surfaces
CAPM Calculations
Finance specific modules for Python in 2017?
How to Calculate Sales From Other Key Figures?
Perform scipy Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test for lognormal distribution in GBM
How is VIX different from SPY/SPX IV?
Trinomial Tree and finite difference methods
Philosophical Question about Factor Models
When is vol smile skew considered high?
Delta FX of a quanto put
Modelling returns in the real world measure with or without drift
Exercise Probabilities Vanilla Cap/Foor
What interpretation can I derive from an inverted volatility surface?
Cash flow of longevity Bonds
Black-Scholes formula for Poisson jumps
Calculating alpha and its meaning
RegNMS, National best bid/offer and Smart Order Routing
Yield curve and bid ask spread
Bond Valuation and liquidity
What's the difference between PV01 and DV01 of a bond?
What is the state of the art in Capital Growth Theory?
python and quantlib - setting futures priority
It is possible to carry out the Component VaR decomposition through non parametric methodologies?
Investigating a question: "Does commodity price volatility scale with price level?"
What are reasons not to do factor investing in equity markets?
Delta on Bond Future Options
How to consider open interest & volume change in option pricing?
non-subadditivity of VaR
How can I use a more efficient volatility estimator to improve the co-variance matrix?
Where to Find Historical Earning Event (Quarterly Figures Dissemination) Dates?
Custom Bond Index Construction
When computing with rates, how long is a year? how long is a day?
How to backtest a factor by building a factor-tilting portfolio
How do I estimate the volatiliy of my portfolio with an estimator that requires High, Low, Open, etc
Can a VaR equivalent Volatility (VEV) be negative?
Basis swap pricing dynamics
Why do regulators assume a risk-neutral world?
Variance Matrix with 'nan' values
Why do we discount in ois and not treasuries
ATM-implied volatility
Regressing non-USD returns on FF 3-factor returns
How to validate option greeks/implied volatility data calculated in-house using Black model on a mass scale in an automated fashion?
Benchmark value for American Options under stochastic volatility
About the number of independent forecasts in the Fundamental Law of Active Management
What Is the correct discounting, risky or riskless?
How to estimate option implied skewness and kurtosis in R
Ito vs. Stratonovich: Why is it the exact midpoint that renders Ito-correction zero?
What are some classical papers to read for a mathematician looking to get into quant finance?
Can a stat arb alpha be a global macro alpha?
Total Return Bond Index calculation using only Clean and Dirty prices
Volatility vs. Moving Average Distance
VAR models when examining relationships between financial markets
testing stressed VaR
Define the settlement date of Libor. Where to get them
Relation between price changes and trading volume (market impact)
The difference between hedging and replicationg methods of deriving option prices
Practical way to estimate price sensitivity to unexpected earnings (i.e., post-earnings drift)?
Volatility of a multiple-asset portfolio
Difference between Sharpe Ratio and Information Ratio when measuring Hedge Fund performance?
CMS convexity adjustment in a range accrual Monte Carlo
Does Yahoo/Google no longer support web-scraping of FOREX data?
How do stock watch firms know who is buying and selling stocks before it is announced publicly?
Equations for multicurve calibration with OIS discounting
question about Quantopian alphalens
Why a Target Redemption Forward cannot be used as hedging instrument?
reference for portfolio / margin calculations in backtesting tool
Option value based on a vwap
Equivalent to Matlab's financial toolbox in python?
Accreting swaption
Where to find risk report/models for treasury spreads trading?
How does income tax affect the Ex-dividend behavior of a stock?
Downloading S&P historical data from Google
Adjoint Algorithmic Differentiation: swap pricing
Looback Put Option - finding the number of paths that reach each level
convexity adjustment in YOY inflation swap , compared with TRS, and considering autocorrelation
Margin modelling to backtest futures investment strategy
Clarifications about the "quotations" of Treasury Bills and Treasury Bonds
Momentum strategy cumulation of K-monthly returns over multiple months
Quantopian's fetch_csv()
Arbitrage free option prices: real life example
Reduced rank / matrix factorisation techniques and their uses in portfolio optimisation?
What is an accepted method to calculate percent PnL from a short position?
Got "Error in ans\$res: \$ operator is invalid for atomic vectors" when rolling forecast using rugarch
Why is G spread bigger than Z spread theoretically?
What makes a realized vol estimate "tradeable"?
Extreme Value Theory: GPD application to returns, not losses (PnL)?
Is it possible to calculate implied probability of >=X% return based on implied volatilities from options
Strike / delta relationship for FX options
Estimate the mean reversion level of the variance process under the real world measure
MPT Tangent Portfolio: Buck for the Bang Ratio
Hedge by shorting stock
The Heston Solution For European Option - Jim Gatheral
Optimal f (position sizing) without look ahead bias
Value of American option after exercise
Calculating PnL on Eurodollar futures trading
Locked/crossed prices in US equities
Pricing Options on Fixed Income ETFs
Market making with resting orders?
where to find real time data non-delayed of N225 and AXJO
Why does a futures price converge to a spot price?
EUR Implied Forward Rate from Bloomberg
Under which circumstances can conditional distribution of asset returns be less Gaussian than the unconditional distribution?
Option price in a neutral risk world is the same as in the real world. I can not understand!
Which data sources are available for cryptocurrencies?
Basic Interest Rate Modelling Ques
EGARCH fitting in R
Data: to clean or not to clean
Binary probit model: relevant which outcome is 1?
Goodness of fit test for time varying copulas
Panel data - Use fixed effect or random effect in predicting stock returns
Replicating a portfolio with a certain payoff function
Difference between the Basel IRB and the Vasicek formula
Help evaluating covariance integral when deriving vasiceks model
Do all bonds of the same maturity have the same yield to maturity?
How realistic are the scenarios outlined in my course?
Is the replication porfolio for a European Call, self financing for changes in time?
market value of a forward premium swaption
Why aren't option pricing models more frequently used to value risky cash flows?
What study has shown that "about two thirds of acquisitions end up destroying shareholder value"?
Place to get free live Forex quotes via API?
Where to get historical IV rank & IV percentile data?
Swap rates comparison
API for option contract tickers
Do I need that extra cash to exercise call or put options?
SPY American option Greeks and Premium
Download historical prices
Detailing a proposition about option pricing model coherence
£ converted spread
Stock returns: Determining the window size
Indicator for sudden movement of price
Approximations for Quanto Options pricing
Granger causality with stocks and CDS
Is Libor a martingale under T-forward measure
Time Series analysis --- Overnight gap
Cap option on Libor
How can I compare 30 day implied volatility forecasts with GARCH forecasts?
Put Call Parity confusion
Why is the ATM vol kind of an average volatility
Has anyone found good data sources to model / backtest crypto-currency trading strategies?
Does the correlation between stocks in an index affect the implied volatility of the index?
KID PRIIPS regulation: PCA
Portfolio optimization with changing portfolio constituents
Rationale behind trading exchange-traded vs OTC products?
Potential Future Exposure (PFE): Is there any Rigorous Walk Through with Data?
Is "interest" positive or negative in the "free cash flow to firm" model?
Why does Alphabet market cap not include both GOOG and GOOGL?
How can I fix both the open and close data using quantmod's periodReturns?
Discretizing the conditional variance in the Arbitrage Free Dynamic Nelson Siegel model
Forecasting next day return of a stock using PCA of index constituents
How to estimate bond price returns via an index?
How do binary options broker hedge themselves against losses?
Lee Carter Model - Mortality
Curve to curve hedging for treasury
Dynamic Delta Hedging And a Self Financing Portfolio
How can one estimate the percentage of trades that are performed using algorithmic trading?
Basic boostrapping question
Why does algorithmic trading account for a significantly higher percentage of trades in the USA than in Europe or Asia?
DV01 of Interest rate swap
How to use reflection principle to solve the analytic solution of double barrier-out-call
How does one create an alpha signal
How to use daily and hourly prices in same option model?
Portfolio Optimisation/Covariance Estimation on a large scale
Modified duration of treasury futures tracking CTD?
Difference between Local Vol and Copula
kalman filter for a multifactor model in R
Expected Shortfall Basel III style: what is the idea?
what is non par call curve ?
Why don't we take the differential to the Delta in the Delta hedge-portfolio
Alpha & beta in investing
Poker and Options Trading
Modelling fund positioning using fund returns and linear regression
How can I export intraday stock data into CSV from Interactive Broker or Yahoo Finance?
Question on Rockafellar's Paper for optimisation of CVaR
Day counts and time increment in Monte Carlo
Have any new stylized facts of asset returns been discovered since 2001?
simulating from GARCH model with copula innovations
Optimisation problem with bid-ask spread
R fGARCH fitted Values
Obtaining the Data and Calculating the actual Fama-French Factors for top NDXT companies
Looking for free historical EOD prices of stocks from S&P 500
Solving for roots of a stochastic pay-off function
What determines trading volumes of the same stock at different trading platforms?
Delta Hedging with fixed Implied Volatility to get rid of vega?
Optimisation with strong correlated Assets
Fama/French momentum replication: risk-free rate missing on one of the legs?
How to measure market depth?
Correlation of asset X with a portfolio of asset Y and Z
What CAPM/Financial ratios involve kurtosis?
Backtesting Value at Risk. With kupiec test
Shape of smile after converting to prices
MATLAB exercise on an European call option with time-varying volatility
European call options and strikes
Pricing the Passport option
historical data on orders and executions
Default Probability calculation. How to solve system of 2 non linear equations?
Bond yield to maturity vs current interest yield
Why is Markowitz portfolio optimisation so popular considering it is worse than an equal weighted portfolio?
Kelly's maximum for G(f)
What is relation between option adjusted duration and volatility
Portfolio optimization in R with factor tilting while constraining volatility
How to compute Overnight Index Swap (OIS) fixed rate?
Why is there no carry if interest rates follow projected forward rates?
CAPM Beta zero-correlation performance issue
Multi objective optimization Swaption/Caplets joint Calibration
Attempt of an analytical proof that a call price decreases as its strike increases
Kelly Variance - variance of the sum of logs
Volatility considerations with interest rate derivatives
Calculating the PB of a stock in practice
Risk neutrality correction for Monte Carlo Bootstrapping according to PRIIP regulation for products of category III
Should I adjust historical data for dividends when estimating drift?
Why discounted derivative price is a martingale?
Why/When local volatility is preferred over implied distribution sampling?
Thorp's var caclulation
Heston with Forward Dynamics
Portfolio risk budgeting using CVaR function from PerformanceAnalytics in R
Covariance Matrix: Calculating Error
Gamma Imbalance / Exposure
Binomial Option Pricing - Hedging
Equivalent martingale measure price dynamics
Optimal number of iterations for quasi-Monte Carlo
Why implicit volatility has the shape of a "smile"?
How much money tracks the FTSE?
Cost of liquidation
What is a good way to detect fund manager's active stock picks from his portfolio holdings?
Gatheral's change of variables for stochastic volatility PDE
Predict probability of returns: How does changing volatility affect the return pdf?
How to forecast Value-at-Risk in R with different assumptions?
ITCH feed, price executed at different to original order?
Riccati Equation in spot rate model
What is the probability of ruin of a Geometric Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process?
Implementation of total correlation of assets in R
Is commodity futures's delta equal to 1?
How do I estimate opening call auction order book for equities?
Ljung_Box Statistic of R and R^2 values in Return analysis
Why does option pricing not depend on probabilities in a binomial tree style valuation
Reference that states that the price of an option is not the expected present value of the payoffs under Black and Scholes?
Reference for why a derivative is a derivative and not say an insurance contract
How to retrieve list of names of board members for a given ticker from Bloomberg Professional
Process for a portfolio of stocks where each share follows a log-normal process
Absolute or relative strikes?
What are the significant implications of the long-run average variance rate and why Engle won the Nobel Prize for ARCH model development?
Best Online Course for Learning Quant Trading?
Help to understand the XRBL format used in Uniform Bank Performance Reports (UBPR) from the FFIEC
Short-Interest Rates Models - Geometric Brownian Motion?
Extracting continuous futures prices on different dates with the ratio adjustment
In practice, how do pension plans determine their risk appetite?
history of market microstructure
Tracking error Black Scholes
Zero-coupon bond price volatility with one factor Hull White interest rate model
Payoff of an odd indicator of one stock being greater than another
Is LIBOR a spot rate?
Is there a way of synthetically deleveraging a Real Estate portfolio?
Aggregation to MSCI world return from subindicies
How to calculate daily interest at different rates each day?
Valuing the floating leg of a swap
Why isn't it appropriate to use correlation between prices in a pairs trade strategy?
How do exchanges decide the tick sizes?
CDS for Funding
Swap Rates Below LIBOR?
Laplace Exponent of a Jump-Diffusion Process
What are some simple, free/affordable methods to obtain a spreadsheet of selected columns for a comma separated list of publicly traded stocks?
How much profit do HFT firms generate?
What is the intuitive reason why the Gamma and the Theta tend to have the opposite sign?
Moving average variance
Looking at distribution of yearly returns of time series
What is the call price in a two-stock two-period model (binomial)?
Risk of FX Targeted Accrual Redemption Note
Definition of factor premium: against cap weighted index or against treasury bills?
Which financial database has the most extensive coverage of person-level data and uses person-level identifiers
SABR: how often is tuning parameters needed?
Commodity options time to expiry conventions?
Why should central bank intervention cause inverted yield curve to be less effective as a recession signal?
Open stock information database?
Help finding free Japanese Government bond data
Fama-French Global Factor Universe
Finding arbitrage opportunity
Units of Risk: Variance vs Standard Deviation
Information criteria via different GARCH models
Drift rate vs. Riskless rate in the Black-Scholes model
Distributional assumptions in PRIIPs
Variance of returns on a portfolio
Which volatility to use in cap pricing with CSA discounting?
Active share portfolio constraint
Where can someone get free (or very cheap) high frequency tick forex data?
Cochrane on Return Predictability
Mean correcting martingale argument
Trouble understanding jump part in Kou double exponential jump diffusion model
Sensitivity analysis
Holdings based style analysis
US Treasury foreign buying/selling data
Testing whether a process is a Wiener process
Problem of PD estimation
Can I forecast stock returns using GARCH?
Confidence Interval on Monte-Carlo-CVaR
Understanding FFT's complex number result on option pricing
Short Call Hedge. Options and gamma trading
Instantaneous Forward Rate from Bloomberg
Questions on continuously compounded return vs long term expected return
Getting international fundamental stock market data
VaR Backtesting. High frequency of exceedances
Is the 'constant weight in the risky asset' portfolio-strategy self-financing?
Delta hedging vs Strangle
Quantlib: Interest rate swap starting before valuation date
Fx Currency Pairs Roll over dates
python: How use the S&P 500 index to predict japan stock,namely timezone issue
What are the essential characteristics of asset prices?
Does the existence of anomalies disprove the efficient markets hypotheses?
Low-Cost Historical Corporate Financials Data?
Does the rise in passive investing make the markets less efficient?
Vasicek Model - Should I simulate short-rate under the real-world or risk-neutral measure if I am interested in simulating future bond prices
Algorithmic Trading
I am trying to fit an GARCH(p,q) model to FX volatility. Should I be interested in the t-value of GARCH parameters?
How do I control for a firm's “factor loadings” based on the Fama French model in a regression model?
Is Yahoo! Finance data good or bad now?
Interpretation of OAS on MBS
What yield on T-bills is presented in obtained data from quantmod?
Mark Joshi Quantitative finance numerical techiniques, writting an algorithm that produces a random variable
Difference between a 3-months UK nominal spot rate and a 3-months UK treasury bill discount rate?
Pricing Mark-to-Market Basis Cross Currency Swaps and Subsequently Constant Notional
Explaining mathematically why to use the ATM vol
Is there a python package/function that returns the trading time between two timestamps?
Vasicek model calibration
Intuition Behind Scaling Factor in Variance Swaps
Deriving the Black-Scholes formula as the expected value on the payout of an option
Why is this utility function not picking up its penalty?
The interpretation of discounted Greeks
expected shortfall as unconditional expectation
Heston (1997) paper
Are "stylized facts" based on reliable evidence?
Previsibility in Binomial Representation Theorem
Portfolio Weights to Maximize Information Ratio (Finding Alphas)
Geometric Brownian Motion: Why is the Wiener process multiplied by volatility?
Forward exchange rate historical data?
Risk neutral drift in presence of xccy basis
Replicating Log Contract - Errors Introduced by Jumps
Is there really a negative roll yield for futures in contango?
How do I modify my basic black scholes model in Excel to price american options?
Trade price in high-frequency TAQ data
Daily value weighted return and equally weighted size adjusted
Common Quanto adjustment
Does it make sense to refer to a forex pair as a 'financial asset'
Stock market cycles with Fourier Transform - amplitude vs. phase
Price at Specific Time from Bloomberg
What relevance might the Modigliani-Miller theorem have for weight of evidence?
Differential Sortino Ratio
gamma-weighted SOIR
Pricing of European Power Call Option via Black-Scholes formula: reasoning?
Intensity of Exponential Distribution
How to find coefficient that will minimize the distance between few times series
What are recommended recovery techniques in arbitrage when one order doesn't fill?
Program/library to generate many technical indicators given a series of stock prices
pricing option with two stocks
Pricing American Option Using an Exisiting Boundary
How well would Technical Indicators have done before creation?
Portfolio optimisation - Non brute force solutions to optimisation problems
A definition of quantitative finance
American Options relation between greeks
Cleaning correlation matrix, Bun Bouchaud Potters (2016) method
Literature on credit risk premia
Delta hedging on Barrier/Digital Options
YTM of a Fixed-Income Loan?
I built a monte carlo simulation option pricer in excel. How do i modify it to price american options?
Estimating the historical drift and volatility
What exactly is a deposit futures contract?
Discounted cash flows for bond valuation: exponential and simplified
Predict the behavior of a time series (P&L trading desk)
What is the formula for Intraday and overnight volatility?
Question about IRR and early prepayment
Common misconceptions in Quantitative Finance?
Dual Settlement Market Backtesting and Analysis
How can you determine the correct significance of the Shiller P/E regression?
Code for HY Estimator
Calculate $E^{\mathbb{Q}}\left[e^{-\int_{0}^{T_2}r_t\,dt} \frac{S\left(T_2\right)}{S\left(T_1\right)}\right]$
Option Market Making: Hedging large volumes
Option on Futures - Black Equation Derivation
How to trade the FTSE index long and short
What symbols to use on Google Finance and Yahoo finance OMX30
Fama french model: Daily excess return calculation
Alternate explanation of Duration
For AAPL, How do You find how much volume typically trades on NASDAQ vs other exchanges?
BSE India best data source for foreigners (Bloomberg terminal?)
What curve are you shifting when you calculate DV01 for a swap?
How to test a strategy with a small capital?
Do banks have a target balance sheet?
straddle return
fama French regression in Eviews
How to know if a time series is trending or mean reverting?
Rationale behind volatility dispersion (or correlation) trading
Cointegration vs combination of returns
Towards a standard day count convention in Finance, what the standard should be?
Z-Spread vs Discount Margin
Why am I getting 'NaN' for as the output for a porfolio of 505 assets?
R returns numeric(0) when putting p=0.995 for calculating VaR
Up-front settlement of forward contract
Instantaneous Volatility Estimator
Pricing Equation for Best of Options
Mathematical equation relating $\frac{dV}{dS}$ to $\frac{dV}{dK}$
How can a rise in real yields raise borrowing costs
Online trading platform
Quantile normal and lognormal
Cross Currency Basis Swap
Why does DCF discount at WACC and not risk-free rate?
What is a central bank's shadow rate
How can a company have positive net income if it has a negative cash outflow
$\mathbb{P}$ vs $\mathbb{Q}$ Probabilities - Transitioning Between Measures
CDS Vs Credit Risk premium over risk free
Correlation between equity returns and debt spread changes
Modeling stock performance in excel
What makes open-outcry preferable to electronic trading and what are its consequences?
How can quantitative easing lower interest rates
Why wouldn't quantitative easing work if interest rates approach 0
Does the FED lend directly to commercial&investment banks or is there an intermediary
Why is there a need for Libor in the UK
If a struggling company issues preferred stock, won't its share price hit rock bottom
Why would a weaker dollar keep borrowing costs low
Collateral replication argument
Quantile with periodic investing
What is the industry standard pricing model for CME traded Eurodollar future option (american)?
What information is significant in a company's 10Q?
Applying my Machine Learning class (possibly to small markets)
Problems retrieving historical data through IbPy
CDS Mark-to-Market
Binary or Multiclass Classification?
144A vs Regulation S vs Registered bonds
Why do anomalies disappear after they get detected?
CIR discretization Milstein scheme
How much capital to allocate between two trading strategies given average daily P&L and their Sharpe Ratios?
Black-Scholes European call price taking limits
Option with company earnings as underlying
At-The-Money-Forward option approximation
quantstrat for backtesting vs. writing one's own code in R
How to understand closing position of futures
How to keep the ratio of two assets constant when one asset is appreciating towards the other
What is the connection between the federal funds rate and US government bonds
Build a Synthetic Loan for Personal Finance
GARCH Option Pricing Model (Duan 1995)
VaR estimation when returns are not independent, e.g. ARCH
Zero value of cash flow for future in Shreve's book
Implied correlation
What is The Closed-Form Implied Volatility Estimator (As Defined by Hallerbach 2004) for A Put Option?
Disadvantages of large panel
Modeling Long-Term Mean Reversion in Asset Returns
FX Option strikes from ATM, RR, BF quotes
What is CVA (credit valuation adjustment)?
R-squared increase dramatically when including "time dummy" (STATA)
Database of ETF and underlying index from Thomson Reuters or Bloomberg
principal component analysis on non stationary data
If you have the (annualised) Sharpe ratios for some individual years, can you get the overall Sharpe ratio?
This is the dirty price or clean price
average return Vs cumulative return interpretation
portfolio optimization with weights constraint in python
Carhart (1997) momentum factor loading
Is my data fittet to be significant?
Stochastic Discount Factor of CIR bond pricing model
Explanation of Standard Method Generalized Hurst Exponent
Probability of exercise in the Black-Scholes Model
optimizing the expected utility
Traders view on hedging of FX Futures with FX Forward
Volatility taxonomy
Unconditional variance of an E-GARCH model
Pricing an open repurchase agreement
How can I improve the numerical integration accuracy in Heston model?
CDO tranche Pricing : Default probability
Modeling Interest Rate Time Series
Multi-Variate linear modeling: how to calculate mathematically vs brute force genetic optimization
tick size for US securities
How to price a strategy involving more than 2 different prices?
Some questions on (re-)pricing a forward
Calculating the ideal initial capital value to optimize a growth model
Unsupervised learning and in out of sample
Fama and French (market premium) factor
How do you calculate the initial prior SAR value in a Parabolic SAR over FX market data
How does volatility affect price arbitrage?
Why does arbitrage free imply complete market?
When to use what discount rate?
Black & Scholes doesn't give current option market price
How to understand the compatibility between the discrete and continuous dividend payments
Covariance Interest Rate Risk Time Series
Taking advantage of mispricing in forwards
Why James Simons trades it only if it is liquid?
Why is expected equity returns the risk-free rate under risk-neutral measure?
What's the future price when you exercise the future option
How to calculate the yield of a forward bond price from the zero curve
Subadditivity of Expected Shortfall
What's discounted rate used in the cap option
quanto adjustments
A very simple question about convexity of a bond
which method is the roubust method to estimate the Hurst parameter?
Identify Iceberg Orders
Yield curve: Turn of year effect jump calculation
How to calculate mean reversion values for Hull White tree calibration on MATLAB?
Replicating a square derivative with calls and puts
Why Hull White 2 Factor model can't capture vol skew?
Understanding pooled VAR model
What is 'off term' volatility and 'term' volatility?
Paradox in option expiry as volatility goes to infinity
Theoretical models for options bid-ask spread?
Rigorous derivation of $d\Pi$ for stock with continuous dividend
Interest rate risk using copulas
How to roughly estimate long term term premia?
CDS protection/contingent leg pricing, taking expectation of interest and hazard rates
Private Equity: Direct Alpha vs Excess IRR
The R-squared of the four factor model.
How to calculate credit spread from rating
Callable bonds with very short call period. Purpose?
Heston Model Calibration
Differences between Snowball, KIKO and TRF derivatives?
Libor futures rolling adjustment & curve building
Use of fBm when $H<1/2$
Does MPR imply strategies with positive average return?
Fixing mean reversion parameter in the 1F HW model
Long term career trajectories of quants
Calculate latest underlying price (or option), given new option (or underlying) market price?
Choosing the right statistical test for Mutual Fund Performance Evaluation
Short-rate models: Risk-premium of $T$-bonds
Risk-neutral vs. physical measures: Real-world example
QuantLibXL swap valuation fixing dates
A simple question: Cost of delta hedging when a call option is sold
Assumption in black scholes solution
Factor models based on fundamental surveys: how to deal with the pointy end?
Cadlag Property of Jump Proccesses
How are LIBOR rates beyond 12M arrived at?
Ex-Ante Tracking Error : active strategies and the size of the covariance matrix
Basic binomial option pricing example
How to extend Realized Volatilty to multiple periods
Do price approximations lead to arbitrage opportunities?
How to calculate Fama-French factors?
Estimating parameters of the Cox-Ingersoll-Ross model using CLS in R
Extract data from Wall Street - Programming
Heston Model: Quadratic exponential scheme
Why is the volatility smile so important
Fama Mac-Beth (1973) vs Fixed effect
How to regard foreign currency forward as foreign and domestic bonds on VaR
Log normal price simulation
Do stochastic interest rate models forecast future interest rate?
PRIIPs category 2 stress scenario methodology
Deduce GARCH(1,1) to the stochastic variance model
What does it mean to pay USD FRA-OIS?
Intuition behind Ln transformation of stock price when applying Ito lemma
'Market price' based Delta vs 'Model Price' based Delta for Bond Future Options?
how to interpret the GRS F test values?
How to Implement an optimal Stochastic Control Optimization?
Carry and roll (upfront vs running)
Roll down Treasury curve (Coupon effects)
Calculating a VWAP using close prices snapshot
Carry calculation on an interest rate swap
Python Library To Calculate Porfolio Statistics
Daily Return to Approximate Annualized Realized Volatility 16 or 20?
Asset Swap Spreads
Where can I find the European equivalents ETFs from a USD superdiversified 10 ETFs portfolio
Characteristics of a Discount Curve
Calibration by monte carlo, should I fix my seed?
Why do trading strategies lose effectiveness over time?
Comparison of the four asset pricing models
Real Estate Index in Python
Change-of-measure: Dynamics of $\log(S_t)$ with $S_t$ as numeraire
PRIIPs category 2 stress scenario calculation
Importance of z-spread in CDS-Bond Basis trading
Online algorithm for calculating EWMA at irregular intervals?
Fixed coupon for CDS index
Cash-settled swaptions
How to derive the Greek theta from Black-Scholes solution formula?
What are good risk management books or docs?
Profits of US Banks
Build Implied Volatility Smile
Calibration of real-world drift for PFE
Portfolio diversification and Sharpe ratio
Time frame for implied vs realized vol
Cumulative portfolio returns vs. product of cumulative asset returns
Relationship between forward and option prices
How Fourier Transform creates the filters?
How do I get Forex data via FIX
minimum variance hedge with stochastic processes
"Black-Scholes model implies flat implied volatility plots"?
What is the EUR swap curve on Bloomberg? I.e. what is the EUR equivalent of S23 curve on Bloomberg?
Ho-Lee Model Calibration: theta becomes smaller
How do you actually solve a stochastic HJB equation in practice?
Doing opposite of what the model says
NPV of a mortage loan
Derivation of the Black-Scholes formula
Portfolio returns with unequal asset return histories
Decreasing Forward FX rate curve
Interest rate curve in option pricing
Winsorization and Standardization in data manipulation
How to run optimization to achieve an equal active weight portfolio?
black litterman for rebalancing
Mathematical Representation of Adaptive Markets Hypothesis
How is Bloomberg's fixed-equivalent yield on a floater calculated?
Calculating market value of a vanilla swap at a later date in QuantLib
Simple example of a funding valuation adjustment?
Vector of differences of Brownian motion integrals is multivariate normal
Is vega of vanilla European call/put option always positive?
How to maximize the Sharpe ratio given historical closing prices?
Dividend yield for an index
Why calibration in $Q$ against option prices without showing that $Q$ is equivalent to $P$?
PRIIPs category 3 curve dependent products (PCA)
Making an IB contract: Directory for IBpY exchanges and commodity codes?
Determining price of Option interview question
Price series for an FX forward contract
Short selling volume reports
Infinite Horizon Barrier Option Paradoxe
Determine price of financial contract
Floating rate note value approximation
Electric power price parameter estimation
Bond ETF Dividends
Risk-neutral measure(s) under collateralization and funding costs
What does Buying 5 year and hedging with 2 year and 10 year mean?
ITM call delta when T increases
Excel YIELD function equivalent in python Quantlib
How high can Beta be in CAPM?
Treasury Bill and Treasury Bond : Quoted Price VS Cash Price VS Value of Bond
The settlement and payment date of Eurodollar
Standard definition of multidimensional Brownian Motion with correlations
How does the S&P500 index is affected when 10-20 S&P500 companies doesn't trade for a particular day?
Why is limit price order been executed with a worse price?
Calculate price variance caused by denominating currency
Ordered correlated random numbers
Why do we have to use discretization methods for SDE?
Bond ETF Implied Dividends
Normalized Gains Process is a Q-Martingale - Proof and Intuition
Solving a system of two equations with non-convex matrix multiplication for MV optimization
Put-Call Parity on Currency and Binomial Trees
How does one calibrate lambda in a Avellaneda-Stoikov market making problem?
Is the "swap curve" synonymous with the "yield curve"?
Binomial tree prices the American put
Calculate Returns of Momentum Strategy (Overlapping Portfolios - Jegadeesh and Titman 1993)
Collateralized Interest Rate Swap
stochastic modeling and machine learning
Intuitively understand boundaries of American Call and Put
Can a Kelly Criterion Percent be very high?
Show that $V=\sum_{i=1}^n h_i(t)S_i(t)$ satisfies the Black-Scholes equation
Need some suggestion about short vxx long vx future strategy
Best strategy to maximize Profit if no transaction cost?
How do bond traders get all the different moving parts?
pure factor return for factor model
What does rolling a CDS entail?
How do you quantify the impact on bond if it becomes special?
Trading interview gambling question
Commercial providers of scenario analysis and modeling
How to calculate the contribution (%) of an asset to the global correlation of the portfolio?
Why risk neutral probabilities should be strictly greater than zero for no arbitrage condition?
Hedging Options
Correlated assets in Monte Carlo simulation
Simulating asset returns: (Academia) state of the art
Price of Geometric basket call option
tail dependency for portfolio optimization
What is the delta of a zero coupon bond?
Interest rate vs bond yield
Equity short Interest data source
Given only Bid Ask and quantity Data, how do I determine whether the security price has gone up or down?
GBM probability of hitting barrier
inverse of stock price
is there any alternative to FIX protocol
Valuing an option when we have a view on future price of underlying
Riding the Yield Curve
Discount Curve Vs Forward Curve
Positive PnL with long volatility strategy
Discount rate in IRS valuation
Does delta adjusted exposure make sense for an equity variance swap?
Pricing for an Odd Type of Asset or Nothing Option
Mark Joshi, Quant Interview Question problem 2.34; replicating a digital option on a 4-step symmetric binomial tree
FX risk of basis swap in foreign currencies
implementation of risk managed momentum strategy
Questions about VaR and CVaR. Is there any relation between $VaR_{\alpha}(X)$ and $VaR_{\alpha}(-X)$, or $CVaR_{\alpha}(X)$ and $CVaR_{\alpha}(-X)$?
Pricing Calls with different Strikes to prevent arbitrage
What is a good algorithm to predict volatility in metals commodity markets?
How do I interpret LCH/CME OIS/IRS pricing data?
Yield curve interpolation
Verify the accuracy of a model for exotic option if there is no enough data of market price every?
Are processes with independent increments (which are not Lévy) used in finance?
Financial economics vs finance
Monte Carlo convergence sample size
Stochastic integrals wrt to independent Wiener processes are uncorrelated, but potentially dependent?
Question on pure carry for two bonds
Bootstrapping the spot curve based on swaps
How to show arbitrage when a European option price is greater than the no-arbitrage price?
How to compare the value of bank Certificates of Deposit (CDs) with brokered CDs?
taylor expansion in compounded interest
How to price this option?
Interact with FX Connect
Slight confusion regarding arbitrage opportunities in ETFs as mentioned by investopedia
What is the "maturity" of an "investment option"?
Realized variance as predictor that improves momentum strategy
Can we 'predict' the delta of a stock? The delta of a stock is $\pm 1$ right?
Projecting a Thiele differential equation with Black Scholes returns
PRIIPs category 2 stress scenario calculation steps
Derivation of arithmetic variation of a portfolio over multiple periods
How to store tick data for diffferent time frames?
Trouble computing the VaR for Student's t-distribution for a minimum-variance portfolio composed of four cryptocurrencies (BTC, ETH, LTC, and XMR)
Discount curve and payment frequency
Conversion between physical and risk-neutral default probabilities
Positive base arbitrage CDS vs Asset Swap
How to derive the limit of ratio between VaR and CVaR?
Merton's jump diffusion
Something fundamentally different about cryptocurrencies?
Beta in foreign exchange market
Long Term investment in leveraged ETFs not necessarily bad?
Valuation of Fixed-Income Securities
Negative correlation between interest rates and credit spreads - Why?
Cash as Collateral in OTC Market
Heston model reparametrisation
Are there any exchanges which match orders in timed intervals?
PRIIPs category 2 stress scenario - general question
Adjust a bond for PIK option
Change of numeraire from bank account to Zcb
Choosing a proxy for asset credit event correlations
How we compare 2 portfolios one with risk the other with characteristics?
Why do we swap the bond value and par value at the beginning in the Asset Swap
How to compute the forward price using a replicating portfolio?
OIS Discount Factor Bootstrapping - Do we assume simple interest?
Why bond (individual or their benchmark index) graphs predominantly display yield rather than price?
VaR : Student-t GARCH
Metrics for Measuring Intraday Activity
Should the valuation decision of the following question be undervalued or overvalued?
SPX options data from the CBOE data shop
Avellaneda -Stoikov market making model
Probability in different measures
statistical arbitrage vs factor trading
Didier Sornette's Strategy to Exploit Return Correlations
What's the relationship between $VaR_{\alpha}(X)$ and $VaR_{1-\alpha}(X)$ if the probability distribution function is not symmetric?
Extrapolation of the volatility smile
PRIIPs Stress Scenario
Dividend Yields of the S&P500
Bloomberg terminal swap zero curve calculation
Why does the Weak Form of Market Efficiency and Markov Property hold?
Realized volatility vs Fundamental volatility
What's a covered bond?
Reverse chronological time-series / inverse time-series
Day count convention Actual/Actual AFB; Factor for Date1 = 2004-02-28 and Date2 = 2008-02-28
Linear programming cash match portfolio - how to formulate?
How to combine rolling window backtest result?
Option delta under Black mode vs SABR
Pricing and Arbitrage of Inverse Asset Claim
Just an FRM ethics question
Girsanov Transform and Likelihood Process Domestic to Foreign
IVF and implied distribution of underlying in John Hull's book
Definitions of excess of loss reinsurance and stop-loss reinsurance
Am I calculating my Kelly Criterion correctly?
Why is accuracy important in pricing American Options?
What are some of the best textbooks on Fixed Income securities?
Floating leg of a standard swap still has a value at par when we use the OIS as discount factor?
Calculate day-to-day change in value of open position
Why use sovereign default risk to determine equity risk premiums?
Looking for material on volatility forecasting with a focus on market/news events
Is order amount related to base or quote in a currency pair?
How to calculate the annual contribution of a fund to a portfolio of funds?
How to estimate $\sigma$ and $r$ in binomial pricing model?
What is the formulat to compute Tracking Error?
Time dependent parameters in Hull-White model
Pricing a fixed rate bond in Quantlib Python
Probability integral transforms of risk-neutral densities
minimise tracking error whilst reducing number of trades required
Code examples of solving Stochastic Optimal Control problems
Correlation or r-squared to determine if a stock has specific movement relative to an index?
Using PCA model to capture Risk on a box trade on Swap spread
Brennan-Schwartz algorithm for pricing American options
Analyzing stock performance - keep companies after bankruptcy?
Ito representation unique up to indistinguishability? Proof?
Price of the form $v(t,x)=\phi(t,T)x^n$ for a power option
What is a "monetary non-event" for a corporation?
Does MV of IRS depend on inflation?
Practical precision for Options Pricing
Why should we care if the "squares of returns are independently distributed over time" to choose an adequate model of the distribution of returns?
Calculate Annualized Return / Annualized Sharpe From Portfolio
Log-moneyness definition
p-value of Sharpe Ratio Differences
Is return required by a bond investor a function of base interest rate and credit worthiness of the issuer?
How do analyst on Wall Street forecast whole balance sheet
Correct way to compute RSI in a moving window
Proof that integral of Brownian motion wrt time is not a martingale
market Beta in fama french (1992)
Correlation between bond yields and stock returns?
mean variance optimization vs max sharpe ratio
Swap Bootstrapping with quantlib
Conditional expectation and Dirac delta function
Possible correlations to institutional allocations versus market capitalization
Option style with grant date
What is model-free finance?
Investment Bank VWAP Execution ranking
Write expectation of brownian motion conditional on filtration as an integral?
Definition of carry
Black Derman Toy model: from tree to differential equation
Computing the PDF of the sum of N moves of an empirical PDF for USDJPY 1-minute moves
Ratio between Expected Shortfall and Value at Risk for $t$-distribution
Implying risk-free rates using Put/Call parity
How to adjust Geometric Brownian Motion to be monotone?
Historical Neighborhood Level Housing Data Source?
How do firms make money from "flow trading"?
Generalized Mean Variance Portfolio
ARMA-GARCH Forecasting
Hawkes process intensity solution
Time integral of geometric brownian motion
Pricing of Swaption by Proxy and Monte Carlo
Role of next month's dividends in forward pricing
Why are some Yang Zhang constant k different from the original paper?
Is there uniform stochastic process?
Elobaration on: Discrete returns versus log returns of assets
Garch(1,1) in R
Are changes in the asset price a Markov process?
Convexity for historical bond data
Non-Parametric Entropy Pooling View and Constraint Matrix Structure
XIV Positive Roll Yield
Definition of log return of an asset
The right choice when the price of a stock follows a random walk
Refer some most recent books of derivatives pricing by C++
Should I interpolate before or after to find option price using Vanna-Volga method?
When does the CBOE Put Protection Index (PPUT) make profit?
Is there a way to get historical 13-f filings reports from 1970s-1990s?
What strategies benefit from EURO (ECB) interest rate hike(s) long term?
How is the number of shorted shares for a given company publicly known?
How to understand the no call or put spread arbitrage condition
Is there a mathematical way of showing the slowing down of economic markets?
Is an options implied dividends DCF model consistent with risk neutral/arbitrage-free valuation?
Do we use the Nelson-Siegel model to calculate the yield curve?
PRIIPS Category 2 Stress Scenario Calc
Spectral Analysis for European Put Options
Calibration of stochastic volatility models
Create a hedging portfolio
Given a particular Monte-Carlo simulation, how will a different correlated value change
Types of programming languages used for optimization in finance
Understanding Fama/Frenchs' Five Factors - Returns or Excess Returns?
How to Calculate Accrued Interest on a Floating Rate Note
eurodollar future
Close and Adjusted Close in Interactive Brokers API and Yahoo Finance
Violation of the call-put parity
Pricing 0% interest rate Floor Black Model
at-the-money short term straddle and the implied vol
How to derive Expected utility approximation with power function
How to estimate quantitatively the settlement period?
What Positions on an Underlier CANNOT be Hedged with Vanillas?
Choosing WACC Tax Rate
PRIIPs Stress Scenario for Category 2
Cap/Floor ATM Rate
Anyone have good literature on buying bullet vs barbell returns?
Data for the Tulip mania
Option pricing in Merton model, comparison between Merton series and Carr-Madan
Calculating liquidity risk for private assets?
Calculating expected loss using actual probabilities
Calculate Exponential Moving Average for a specific time frame
Is it possible to use an Excel function to price a U.S. Treasury Floating Rate Note (FRN)?
What are the consequences of violating Hansen-Jagannathan bounds?
Ill-posed problem: Local volatility calibration. Regularization vs Smoothing
VaR of future foreign currency income stream
TOIS (CHF), TONAR (JPY), AONIA(AUD) in Quantlib
How are short rate models used to construct the whole of the yield curve?
QuantLib Python price same swap on different evaluation dates
How to convert weekly data to monthly in r (or in Julia)
Bond liquidity: why do I observe constant bid-ask spreads?
Early Exercise Options and Coin Flipping
Parametric VaR of a portfolio of a stock and an option on that stock
Principal Component Analysis of yield curve change
Quoting options with reference price and delta
Given QuantLib Python VanillaSwap object, how to get the iborIndex of the swap object?
Are there any papers about cointegration consisting of time series of more than two assets?
How to adjust trading volume based on stock splits?
Getting monthly return using quantmod, if input ticker is a variable
Are there ways of detecting a price bubble of an asset with no inherent value such as Bitcoin, purely based on an existing momentum in pricing?
Net Exposure of FX Future
Why quants think that the risk-neutral measure should not be used for financial forecasting?
Options return series for portfolio optimization
Generating surface of Kernel Density Estimates over time
What are necessary adjustments to returns in CRSP?
Show that a derivative is a combination of two options and a regular bond
Markit recovery rates : assumed vs real
Application of Extreme Value Theory in banking liquidity risk analysis
Barrier option with Rebate
$R^{2}$ Measure for Functions (Yield Curves)
Simplifying an expectation function of default time and rates
How are Fama French Factor Returns for the last 3 and 12 months calculated?
What kind of options use a root symbol that starts with a digit and ends with a stock ticker?
Histogram on R Studio
Returns on actively trading bonds compared to equity?
List of US Industry sector ETFs that map to ICB classification
Creating a synthetic future
Second order convergence for the Leisen-Reimer tree
Use QuantLib Python to calculate roll-down of a swap
Recommendations on Quant Study Path
Estimate an AR(1) model from returns
Volatility of stocks
use Monte Carlo or FDM to price Basket option
Expected Value of Stochastic Process
FTSE 350 sector index historical data
Simulation curves; PRIIPS category 3
Reference request: hedge fund strategies
Marked poisson process vs compounded
In curve building: How to calculate interest rate (discount factor) for period before first known effective date
Proof positiveness condition CIR dynamic
How are Brownian Bridges used in derivatives pricing in practice?
R Mean Reversion Estimate on Funds
Ignore the difference between normal and log-normal distributions
Expected shortfall minimization as portfolio objective
Markov chain Monte Carlo Analysis of FX Options
Fama and French data: Replicating research
Monte Carlo simulation and Black Scholes give different results in my code
How do traders determine when points in a yield curve are at 'fair value'?
Retrieval of MSCI factor index performance data from the web
How to compute a Fama-Macbeth R-Squared (R2)?
Number of Time Steps in Binomial Option Pricing - Problem?
Sovereign bond CDS data
Derivation of convexity formula
How to construct stock portfolios in R
Hull White and HJM model not Markov
What is credit risk in a private equity portfolio?
qlYieldTSDiscount in QuantLib Python
Typical SPX variance GARCH(1,1) coefficients
Feynman Kac Terminal value problem two variables
Question about using binomial interest rate tree to value callable bonds
If spot prices tends to be higher than futures prices, then long hedges are particularly attractive - Why?
The dice game and derivatives trading
qlRateHelperEarliestDate and qlRateHelperLatestDate in QuantLib Python
Is it possible to sell protection on own asset with CDS?
Value at Risk - Long/Short position
CME Rate Hike Probability Calculation
cvxpy portfolio optimization with risk budgeting
Binary option analytical formula
Average return per period for a total loss
Different Results Monte Carlo and Black-Scholes - where is my mistake?
Sharpe Ratio of ETFs in R
How to add controls (regressors) to GARCH model in R?
How do you interpret a positive portfolio weight (when using CAPM and CML to calculate efficient portfolios)
PD validation in the low/no default setting
PRIIPs bootstrap for Category 3 MRM - bonds - future values to maturity
PRIIPs Category 3 risk-free discount factor - MRM and Performance scenarios
R Calculate future price range and plot the result
Modified duration and convexity of a bond in R
What is the proportion of aggressive orders vs passive orders executed by different types of traders?
Simple Compounding vs Continuous Compounding in return series
Backtrader doesn't display time when backtesting
Risk Neutral measure, reaffecting probabilities to paths
Hierarchical Risk Parity with allocation constraints?
PRIIP Category 3 Curves
Interpreting ACF/PACF of return series
Volatility of stocks small cap vs large cap
Economic intuition behind pricing cash flow
Hedging against exchange risk
The relation between coupon and convexity
Backtesting: what happens to real-executed order if mine fills instead?
Books about Monte Carlo Simulation on derivatives with Python
Are leveraged ETFs cheaper than using leverage?
Use QuantLib Python to calculate Swap DV01
When people say that C++ is overly complicated, does that also hold for its application in Quant finance?
What is arbitraging without moving assets called?
Problems in understanding BSM formula
Quantlib: Getting error trying to price a Swap
Identity for forward rates
Ito's Lemma: Multiplication Rule
Convexity of Call option prices using Put-Call parity relationship
How does one calculate the Libor future contract price?
How to calculate the product of forward rates with different reset times using Ito's lemma?
Returns on leveraged account
Are CUSIP case sensitive
Are ISIN case sensitive?
How are the BKM risk-neutral moments derived?
Relation between government bond yields and mortgage rates?
Problem of negative local volatility:
How to calculate a future contracts price?
Binomial Option Valuation Paul Wilmott
What rate/structure to use in <yield term structure> for the pricing of callable bond using QuantLib
Is variation in price-dividend ratios that is attributable to excess returns due to variation in returns or variation in risk free rates?
(C++) Monte Carlo pricer for SABR model to test Hagan / Paulot formulas
Determine GARCH(1,1) from a mean reverting time series recursion
Where can I see the bid stack for FX?
Portfolio Risk Decomposition - different methodologies
Calculate the effect of the change of bond price
Modelling Specialised Lending deals
How to price bitcoins?
Why do Fama French's "Common risk factors in the returns on stocks and bonds" use data starting in 1963? Availability or convenience for results?
Is the Fama-French website data free of the serious selection bias pre-1962 where it's tilted toward big historically successful firms?
Portfolio risk decomposition using historical data: which weights to use for assets?
Equity Options - "How do I build a forward simulation model with regards to shocks in spot pricing and IV?"
Does Bergomi mix up an option model price with option market price?
From quoted spread and coupon to ufront, and inversely : which recovery rates and when?
Quanto effect in cross currency mtm swaps
Interest rate model with external variables
Multi-Factor Beta Help
What discount rate to use when valuing binomial option with real probabilities
Error in barrier option pricing Monte Carlo
Deriving the Forward Rate Formula from the Expectation Hypothesis
volatility term structure calibration
CAPM and factor modeling: Machine learning
How to calculate FX hedged bond yield?
Implementation of one-factor Hull-White short interest rate model
Use QuantLib Python to calculate yield curve par rates
Barrier option (autocallable) Vega profile
Why would borrowing rates for repurchase agreements be negative
Bond Fair Value
Calculating total market price of security
what is liquidation value in kyle (1985) model
How to solve endogeneity between capital expenditure and Tobin's q without using instrumental variables?
What rate to discount tax shield
The ambiguity of the term "duration"
Volatility Forecasting of VIX
What price data should I used when making minimum mean variance portfolio, optimal risky portfolio and efficient frontier using Markowitz?
PRIIPs stress scenario 2 calculation period of calculation
Does forecasting asset returns by default assumes non-stationarity of asset returns?
Bond prices tend to 100 at maturity?
What discount rate for uncollateralized cross currency swaps?
Issue Using QuantLib and Python to Calculate Price and Greeks for American Option With Discrete Dividends
Use of Historical Volatility in Black 76 Model
Change of measure between T-forward and T*-forward contract?
Logic behind sharpe ratio
Price is Log-normal distributed, yet the return is non-normal
Why do supervisors deem qualified revolving retail less risky than other retail exposure
Reputable Sources
Floating Strike Lookback Delta Risk
Time series edge minmax probability
Calculate standard deviation from the value at risk
time step choice impact in Vasicek model simulations
Create One's Own Daily OHLC data
I need liquidity metrics of a portfolio (2-5 bonds) that takes into consideration difference in size of bonds and maturity profile
Convert 3M rates to 6M rates using Basis Swaps (3M vs 6M)
How to find a probability of VIX moving from one price to another
Quantlib: AmericanOption implied volatility / root not bracketed
Using Euro CDS for a USD transaction
Efficient integration of tick data feed with signal generation
Importance of full value functions for option pricing
Log returns: volatility, outperformance, Sharpe/information ratios
Black-Scholes vs Black equation
Transaction multiple EV/LTM EBITDA
Question on EBIT Calculation
Bitcoin CBOE futures listed today. Why its premium to cash product?
Getting Index constituents along with returns from Bloomberg
Force Index EMA calculation for stock indicator
Estimation of right truncated poisson process
daily risk-free rate proxy
Variance of $\int_{t=o}^{T}\sqrt{|B(t)|}$ $dB(t)%$
The last step of the Longstaff-Schwartz method
Deriving $dR(t)$ For Reverse Exchange Rate
Calculate VaR using the extreme value theory
Market Profiling open source packages or tools
Pricing Secured Barrier Call 2
Intuitive explanation of geometric mean
Spot Interest Rate at time $t$
Constraints on bid price in markets
Proxying historical bond futures duration
How to run Fama-French four-factor model cross-country panel analysis?
volatility adjustment on momentum
Bond price formula, redemption yield and no arbitrage
What's volatility timing?
Joshi, Exercise 2.7 Concepts of Mathematical Finance
Original Black-Scholes paper assumptions -- "variance rate"
Calendar spread pricing: how find the final value of call long
Any databases with CEO letters and shareholder letters?
Portfolio optimization of unequal length back-tests
Vanila Option self financing under Stock as numeraire
Risk Compensation
FIX field for maker orders
When predicting Forex price using HMM what, typically, are the states and what are the observations?
Valuation of a company
talib.ATR or other ATR calculation
Black & Scholes with stochastic interest rate
Merton model for Probability of Default - What liabilities?
Martingale measure result application for interest rates under T-forward measure?
Arbitrage strategies in Rubinstein's binomial tree one-step
What is the difference between funded and unfunded derivative?
Impact of the maturity date of a future on its risk
What really is Gamma scalping?
Leveraged Permanent Portfolio Using ITM Call Options
How to tail a hedge? (Question 3.26 from Hull, edition 10)
Quantitative features of asset price bubbles beginning
What knowledge should I have for a risk management and risk modeling job at a bank?
Replicate a Portfolio with Given Payoff
Do we need to derive the PDE for the option price when applying Least Squares Monte Carlo?
Hedging error in a stochastic volatility model
Recommended readings for VaR
Understanding how market making helps investors
Books/papers on Insurance Derivatives?
Measure how different forecasted volatility is from realized volatility
Momentum Analysis on Indices
Valuation of Bermudan option as maximum of relevant European options
Question about order book and single player interference
Least Squares Monte Carlo Method for Option Pricing - Basis functions
Trying to replicate the Beta of Yahoo in R but am getting an answer that is way off
What is the EPS which is commonly estimated by analysts?
Is it possible to use the YIELD() function in Excel to compute the yield of an Italian government bond?
Interpretation of drift parameter $\mu$ in GBM
Equality under T-forward measure for convexity adjustment
Delta of a derivative with a linear payoff
Can someone please verify or disprove this Sharpe Ratio math logic for me
Correlation Oil Price with Bond Fund - question on how to tackle this
Estimation Risk-Neutral Variance of Returns
Why subtract increase in net working capital to get Free Cash Flows?
Does margin trading affect market price?
Multithreading Monte-Carlo pricing in QuantLib for a single product
Model the share price under the Merton Credit model
CDS Indices Query
What is the "characteristic" associated with the MMI portfolio? How would you find it?
Pricing 'Down and In' claims
Martingales with power-law tails and CLT
Question about the process of monte carlo simulation
Pricing of a derivative using Risk Neutral Valuation.
Dumb question: is risk-neutral pricing taking conditional expectation?
How to correctly use SharpeRatio.annualized function with daily returns and proxy for daily risk free rate
How to use statsmodels' Granger causality test to measure the lag between two time series?
How are the two concepts No arbitrage & Risk neutral probability related?
Comparing values of indicator between different stocks
Interative Brokers: using ibPy to get live market data
how is the sharpe ratio (or other risk/return measure) computed for a bond?
Is it necessary to enter quantitative finance directly after a PhD or is taking time out to 'study up' considered acceptable?
What does "follow forwards" mean?
Local vol, stochastic vol, implied vol
Backtesting, how missing data points should be handled?
Replication of risky callable bonds
Set-Up OvernightIndex Quantlib
Factor Models: uncorrelated errors don't impact covariances of assets
Problems with Money Weighted Rate of Return
Finding parameters of an utility function in a market making strategy to apply it in practice
Daily S&P500 close in JSON?
Suggestions to build a copula to price Quanto options
Ethereum Price Movements
Binomial model's Radon-Nikodym derivative
Finding maximum profit on 'ideal' trading with fees
Quantitative and regulatory aspects of portfolio integration in IRB credit portfolios
Criticise GARCH relative to Realized Volatility
Should the geometric standard deviation be used to compute the volatility of financial returns?
Specific Asset Risk Modelling in Multi-Factor Models
Price of European calls in Merton's Model
How to infer real world measure from risk neutral measure
Question about Paul Kupiec's "concentrated Bond loss rate distribution"
pricing relationship between SPY and IVV
How can I compute a realized variance for raw instead of log returns?
Where to find historical constituents for any Global Market index?
Pricing weighted/average stock price claim
Terminal Variance in the Heston Model
duration and modified duration
List of ISIN for Options, Swaps, Derivatives?
Mark Joshi, Chapter 5 Problem 2 of The concepts and practice of mathematical finance
pnl calculation of FX forward
Early exercise of American options
What is the dollar zero rate and the foreign zero rate?
Fixing date, start date, end date in interest rate derivative valuation?
Showing a portfolio is a self financing portfolio
How to find best-performing portfolios from an universe of stocks
Where can I get Currency options historical data?
Existential question about currency exchange Risk Factor
Name of an indicator based on price change and volume
Excessive trading due to sharp cutoffs
Replicating portfolio for claim on stock with discrete dividend
yield concept for a short maturity zero coupon bond
What is the delta of a portfolio invested in different stocks?
Spot period considerations in yield curves
How to price VXX options
Convexity adjustment when payment if after interest natural term?
Can we rewrite the pnl of a continuous hedge option as the time average of the volatility weighted by the square gamma?
What is the convention for option tickers on S&P 500 and VIX?
How to calculate Chande Momentum Oscillator for FX
Call option Delta
construct an option portfolio on a single asset that is both Long Gamma and short vega
Standard deviation of a long-short portfolio with net position zero
What is the optimum hedge ratio when trying to hedge one underlying security with another which is similar in natural?
Black-Scholes formula producing a negative number for a Call Option
Garman-Kohlhagen (Black-Scholes) Formula vs. Bloomberg OVML Calculator
Using PCA to predict Stock Prices
Option pricing formula for deep in-the/out-of money options?
Interactive Brokers: Automating collection of client account position without TWS/IB Gateway
Fair Value Spread in ALM/ESG
Longterm memory in interest rate data - R/S analysis
Scaling (Data prep) & Feature selection for the financial Data for LSTM Models
Implied Volatility of stock on Think or Swim
Girsanov Theorem, Radon-Nikodym Derivative backward
Ways to calculate daily returns
Interest rate risk. Books recommendation
Spread in Option Quotes
The two fundamental theorems of Finance, as they relate to the martingale measure
SVI Zeliade Vol Surface Calibration
Literature on FX market-maker hedging strategies
No arbitrage conditions for normal implied volatility
given a timstamp, tell if Forex NY/Tokyo/London active
EuroStoxx50: long index and short futures
Transform a 3M FRA Rate to a 6M FRA Rate
Bootstraping CLP Swap with Quantlib
Is the delta of a binary option the same as the delta for a regular European option?
Calculating Discount Margin on a floating rate bond using QuantLib
Are 3 month t-bill rates in FRED annualized?
Am Call = Euro Call if r is non-negative and Am Put = Euro Put if r is negative
Besides arbitrage opportunities, are there other properties that real world markets cannot have
Is a wiener proces measurable? (exercise from Bjork)
Pricing VIX Futures
Minimum Lower Partial Moment (n=2) hedging ratio
How to find correct change of measure
Berkowitz test for CVaR backtesting
Day Count conventions
Book recommendation for Prepayment model of Mortgage Backed Securities
Why doesn't the candlestick bodies align to open/close?
Dollar Index vs Hang Seng Index: Negative correlation, but what's driving it?
AUD Forward Rate Agreement and Forward Curve Bootstrapping
unsupervised pattern discovery - methods?
What is an adapted process
generating a correlated RV which has the same correlation to existing samples
NOP delta is Delta times 10000?
CFD Broker that only charges for earnings
EWMA VaR, code from Quant Risk
Equivalent of Force Indicator Within Ta-lib
How turnover rate is dependent on mortgage rate?
Mark Joshi, The concepts and practice of mathematical finance chapter 6 exercise 4
Mark Joshi, The concepts and practice of mathematical finance chapter 6 exercise 6
Weierstrass function as market movement's attractor
How do energy companies measure the magnitude of the risks of buying energy at a variable price and selling it at a fixed price?
Transform 24hr cumulative volume to sampled periods
Constant volatility and risk-free rate assumptions of Black Scholes
What incentivises short selling?
compute r(t) in Vasiceck model, what is $e^{at}r$
Monte-Carlo simulation Hull-White process
Precise calculation of the last price
Need a way to calculate YTM for a bond with a step-up coupon? Thank you!
Why does MACD not use log normalization
Calculating a firm's cost of debt using bond issues
How to properly set strategy parameters and select portfolio
How does short selling affect the leverage of a portfolio?
Put price, payoff, how come?
Test if a process (with no drift) is a martingale
How to recreate a payoff of exotic options with vanillas? ( using density function)
Bootstrapping Quantlib RateHelper Python/C++
Mark Joshi, The concepts and practice of mathematical finance chapter 6 exercise 20,21
Properties of Brownian motion and filtration, Exercise 6.22, Joshi Concepts and applications to mathematical finance
How do you translate your years of quant modeling experience into 'data science' experience?
How Market Exchange and Vendor entitlements/permission works?
Did i miss something on the American put option problem?
Data on Options on US-Treasury Futes
Does portfolio optimization apply to funds instead of individual assets?
Return.portfolio function for re-balancing with time series of weights
Bivariate risk neutral distribution through copula
Can hazard rate intensity models be used with bonds?
Why are options contracts traded speculatively when investors could just trade the underlying asset?
Portfolio Optimization Constraints
Advantage of solving the Fokker-Planck equation over Monte-Carlo simulations
marginal risk contribution formula
Modelling operational risk for Basel pillar 2 (internal model for OpRisk VaR)
What is meant by innovations in volatility?
How to estimate a copula for time series
Build a swap curve / Swap Hedging
How do I value uncollaterised swaps?
European option Vega with respect to expiry and implied volatility
Geometric Brownian Motion: Drawdown as a function of time
Two Wiener process under same martingale measure Q
Optimal exercise boundary at expiration
Can Black-Litterman-type expected return estimation be used for regional ETFs?
Can portfolio Value-at-Risk be calculated analytically for multivariate t-distributed returns?
Calculating the Risk Free Rate
How to properly classify rate of change?
Constructing a stock market index using PCA
Heuristic (or algorithm) for calculating a risk premium, given a probability of default and a "minimum" profit margin (expressed as a yield)
Intuitive explanation for expectiles
Calculating fund alpha using Fama-French 3 factor model?
synthetic currency pair
Normal Libor Market Model
How does this return decomposition work?
Non stationarity issue on copula estimation procedure
Stochastic Calculus: How to test for dependency of random variables
Portfolio return through beta
Yield to maturity as discount rate
Why do traders think about options in terms of volatility?
Why don't data sources use ISIN instead of symbol?
Conversion of 1- month effective interest rate to 6-month effective interest rate
Conversion of annual interest rate compounded monthly to monthly effective interest rate
How can I 'quantize' a time-series in 'groups' exhibiting similar patterns?
Withdrawing monthly from a bank for 40 years
log return of sp500. Stationary vs strictly stationary
How can we price an option taking into account the "issuer risk"?
What’s the derivative of the sharpe ratio for one asset? Trying to optimize on it for a model
Complete Financial Market: Integrability condition for Contingent Claims
Probability of geometric brownian motion taking a certain value
Exposure calculation of a re-coupon swap
VaR decomposition of non-normal portfolio by g-and-h distribution
Seeking data source for index constituents and changes
Why is diluting eps wrong?
Interpreting the coefficients of Fama-MacBeth regression
Pricing a structured note instrument
bloomberg api: how to handle the max 1000 requests limit
Have any other factor "styles" which explain equity returns been uncovered?
Monte Carlo Simulation of price processes
How to Deal With Betas when variance is Zero?
Down-Out Call and Vanilla call price
Buy firm, leverage and sell, seems like arbitrage strategy. What's wrong with this argument?
To what degree does computational complexity affect the pricing of options?
Anti-thetic sampling and second moment matching
4-point Trapezium rule for numerical integration
Evaluating contract $D$ where the stock follows the Black Scholes assumption
How to work out bond price given other bond prices?
Best way to buy and sell large volumes of crypto
How to mathematically compute the volatility range of each stock?
Finding a minimum variance portfolio when using a regulariser?
Min variance Hedge II
Call option with rule to sell at a certain price if an event occurs
Download bond yields R
Fama French- typical time lag
If beta is used by all investors consistently, can it become more efficient to measure risk?
World Stock Markets that went up in 2008
Why do Fama French use NYSE breakpoints in the factors creation
Determine the carry of a treasury bond futures contract?
Tobin's Q calculation using Compustat
Are the causes of momentum uniform for various asset classes?
Credit Value Adjustment
(Self studying) Finding data on Bloomberg
Equivalent Martingale Measure(EMM) of Inverse of Stock Price
Calculating 10-year Sharpe ratio for a mutual fund in excel?
At some intermediate time $t$, does money actually change hands in the trading of a futures contract?
Question about the vega of a stock
Bootstrapping OIS Curve with data from different days data
How did the SVXY ETF (-1x VIX) survive a 115% jump in VIX?
Rockafellar-Uryasev mean-CVaR optimiztion
Identify stock split from historical price data
Approach to add scenarios to OpRisk loss distribution
Quantlib Day Count between dates
Does the traditional NPV formula of a cashflow double count risk?
Accrual in Default Derivation of Credit CDS Curve
Does longer time horizon necessarily imply reduced risk?
Jim Gatheral's ansatz
In DCF, why is the discount rate interpreted as the minimum rate of return?
Debreu's Representation Theorem proof
Mark to Market of a CDS Contract and Risky Annuities
Can any tell me how the VIX spike in Feb 2018, might have been caused my manipulation of $SPX options or VX Futures?
Basic question re: Fed interest rate tightening and rising interest rates
Information available to traders
How to use USD OIS discounting for local currency uncollateralised swaps?
Gamma portfolio trading
Which barrier option has negative gamma?
If I exercise an option, how is it determined who gets assigned?
Banking. What's the difference between provision and capital adequacy regulations? (purpose-wise)
How to sample from a copula in matlab
Approximating Market Making PnL with a Trend Following Strategy
Dynamic counterpart for model tunneling/optimization using past data
How to choose a tangency portfolio without a risk-free rate
What is meant by the term 'unbounded compounding'?
What drives the idiosyncratic volatility puzzle?
Idiosyncratic Volatility
Double knockout binary pricing?
Where can I find historical data for Europe listed ETFs?
Variance of options returns
cost of capital alternatives
If many investors are indexing, what opportunities does that create for everyone else?
Increasing Annuities
Simulating a path of bond yields by Monte Carlo (Python)
What's the most direct hedge on rising 12-month LIBOR rate for retail investors?
Can I replicate put option by trading futures?
Empirical duration and convexity for bonds using linear regression
Long term equity repo
Pricing and hedging of vanilla options based on non-tradable underlying
Evidence that supports the assumption that prices are random processes
what's the difference between market implied volatility and implied volatility?
Price futures option via replication
The possible preferences of investors for higher than first 2 moments of return distribution?
Simple mean reversion strategy portfolio construction
Multiple regression on hedge fund returns
Valuing equity of a firm using WACC gives incorrect results
exercise on multivariate Ito's lemma + jumps (Poisson)
How do I officially track the performance of my quant strategy? Do I need to be GIPS compliant for my performance to be legitimate?
Optimal execution of illiquid securities
How did traders calculate that the expected number of rate hikes is 4 based on eurodollar futures on 15Feb2018?
Black-Scholes PDE - Change of Variables
Why are stock index futures not used to forecast how much the stock market will rise, given that interest rates futures are used for this purpose?
Limit order book - does it get wiped over night?
Properly interpreting LIBOR curves?
Brownian motion
Jim Gatheral's claim on the decay of the effect of jumps on the final return distribution
Is the VIX a Martingale?
Calculating Value at Risk (VaR) of a Stock position assuming geomtric brownian motion (GBM)
Firm specific risk
Pulling portfolio from bloomberg
Bootstrapping 3M Curve based on 6M Quotes and Basisswaps 6Mvs3M in Quantlib does not Price to zero
option call question
Risk neutral measure doubt
Option Valuation
Treasury futures basis & calendar spd [multiple questions]
Is the forward curve always used as benchmark for evaluating trade ideas?
Using PCA to identify proxies for highly illiquid assets?
Is CAPM a cross sectional or time series model?
What's a good book to learn computational finance topics?
Historical stock data source
Autocall replication using vanilla options
Creating Factor mimicking portfolio returns
portfolio returns when portfolio value is negative
Volatility Target Optimization - Python
Linear interpolation Discount factors
Is it possible to generate time&sales(tape) off of the tick data for a stock?
What does multifrequency volatility mean?
Difference between ED futures and ZCB
Basis risk, spreads and discounting
Generally how to simulate bivariate (or multidimensional) BM sample paths?
Constructing a long futures hedge
Option: payout if you beat index
Central limit theorem and normality assumption of asset return distribution
How did James Simons clinch that security prices didn't look random?
Long Gamma vs Vega
How do funds with illiquid assets add new investment to their funds?
Dividend Yield Goyal and Welch (2008)
Intuition behind the tenor basis spread in basis swaps
What are the reasons that make stock return - bond yield correlation a meaningful one?
Portfolio risk estimation through variance covariance matrix
Pricing a double barrier option using Monte Carlo (C++ & Python code included)
option on bond future - any caplet representation out there ?
Historical stock borrow fees
Are perpetual american options traded on real stock exchanges?
Real-time limit order book data of desired depth
Does all (or any) exchange eats the positive difference between a buy order and a ask order?
3rd party API like IBPy for Interactive Brokers python API?
SPX Trading Capital: What happened on December 5, 2016?
Does anyone know of an equivalent to trader test?
Use of cap volatilities
Fama French (2000): Characteristics, Covariances and Average Returns - intuition behind sorting of the returns
Calculating intraday returns from imperfect data in R
Black 1976 caplet value
Good introduction to estimating stochastic diffusion processes?
Why do we only need to buy or sell stock to hedge when the underlying is close to the strike?
Open Source library for calculating exposures?
Estimate VARMA(p,q)-GARCH(r,s) model
Structured product sellers and div swaps
Rebasing of Cap Volatilities
Symbols for DAX from Alpha Vantage
Total Return Swaps and Borrow Cost Relationship
Excel Add-In Volatility Interpolation I am trying to Understand
How do swap dealers make money from trading cancellable swap?
Any books on rates vol? Recommendations
Soft question - To a mathematician, can someone please explain quantitative trading?
transaction costs for day trading options
Determining Hurst exponent of a Brownian motion
Using a call-spread to hedge a digital option
When constructing a cointegrating series, does choosing the linear regression with the lowest ADF test statistic yield the optimal hedging ratio?
If two price series are cointegrated but not correlated, how do I find the hedge ratio?
What would be the issue price of the following contract?
API for fundamentals for NSE and BSE
Spot-Forward Relationship - Proof
Intuitive Explanation for Shannon's Demon?
What is the difference between risk neutral probabilities and stochastic discount factor?
Vega binary option VS Vega Call option
Frequency Arbitrage
ETF ranking/rating?
Do we model nominal or real prices of assets?
conditional probability of default
Is Consumption CAPM a special case of Intertemporal CAPM?
Differentiate a good from a bad bid-ask spread
Pricing of multi strike rainbow options
Higher Order Greeks
Assigning Global VaR to portfolio members
Using RateHelper (bootstrapping) and Speed up in Quantlib Python
Monte Carlo Simulation of Spread Strategy. Two correlated assets vs One spread simulation?
Nature of short VIX strategies
Where can I see audited financial statements of Renaissance Technologies?
How to find an initial equilibrium benchmark portfolio that includes currencies for Black-Litterman model
Manipulation of VIX
FOREX: why does SPREAD peak at 22:00 gmt
Does QuickFIX set PreviouslyReported field itself?
Change of Numeraire to price European swaptions
Explanation and Application of Quantile Regression of Value-At-Risk
Why hasn't SVXY recouped more of its lost value as vol has crashed in the past 2 weeks?
Confusion in forward contract pricing on a stock using the binomial model
Rate of convergence between price and value
Hourly historical data for US stocks: how to download for free in Python
FX implied yield logic
Why is Bachelier implied volatility more skewed than the Black-Scholes implied volatility?
Risk Management methods for Stock portfolio with ~30 stocks
Why is market cap used to value equity instead of a self consistent solution?
state of the art portfolio optimization techniques
What is the CAPM implication for Sharpe Ratios?
Multi-currency CSA discounting curve construction
What is the probability of two independent OU processes being above barriers at the same time?
Girsanov theorem and stopping time
Why it is not possible to price American perpetual call option using PDE approach?
Flaw in the following argument with Binary Options and Skew
GARCH modeling - sliding or expanding window?
PV of derivative that pays $S_T \ln\left(S_T\right)$ at maturity
Stop-loss start-gain paradox: Why is it a 'paradox'?
If March contract and June contract has the same CTD, how is it a repo trade?
Generic bond yields
Mathematical definition of a hedge?
Show a process is Martingale
Creating a portfolio in R : good practices
Are currency hedging costs a function of interest rate differentials?
How to derive the change in portfolio value as given by Gatheral in The Volatility Surface?
Modelling roll-over and roll yield in a forward strategy
How to take the differential of a stochastic integral?
How can we compute copula functions by using Fast Fourier transformation?
Term structure used in Geometric Brownian Motions under Risk Neutral Measure?
Credit scoring: combining application and behavior scoring
Integral of the OU (Ornstein Uhlenbeck) process conditioned on hitting a threshold value for the first time
Settlement of VIX derivatives
How to estimate lambda for Jump-Diffusion Process from Empirical data?
Properties of Geometric Brownian Motion Integrated w.r.t. Time (i.e., distribution of a Yor Process)
Have I used correct state space formulation of Bivariate Trending OU process for Kalman Filter estimation?
Quasi Monte Carlo method and Heston model
Hedging amortising interest rate swap with vanilla swaps
What is the name of this VaR calculation strategy?
Simulate double exponential process with correlated jumps?
Reference Request: Control Theory Prerequisites for Quantitative Finance
Bayesian strategy selection
Comparing two models using Wald Test
Research topic on volatility
High convexity vs low convexity bond definition
Convertible Bond in Foreign Currency - Quanto Adjustment
Is there an intuitive explanation for why Kelly gambling ignores odds?
Why does/did a CDO need a "sponsor"?
Strange trading data coming from bitstamp
Definition of a contingent claim X
shrinking covariance matrix for assets coming from different asset class
"Porting" an alpha strategy to a different benchmark
Why is there a difference in American option prices when comparing pricing methods (Python)?
Can you determine USD swap rate movement probability from OTM swaption premiums?
What topics come after continuous finance a la Bjork?
Different ways to express a 2s10s steepener?
What is `1+ return` called?
Term premium 10 year yields
Low estimator when valuing american option using Broadie and Glassermann Monte Carlo tree with antithetic branching (R)
Motivation of the singular perturbation solution formulation for local volatility model
Barrier Option with Time-Dependent Rebate
Interactive Brokers - Tracking High Relative Trading Volume
Asian Call Option
Yield curve estimaton using linear regression
Show that the two solutions of the SDE are equivalent
where can i get historical daily price data of counties (especially for turkey) CDS prices?
Dividing H in the Hurst power law function to get the Hurst exponent?
How to get set the theta function in the Hull-White model to replicate the current yield curve
Implementing Pykthin Multi-factor adjustment
Black Scholes and high dividend paying stocks
Using return on equity instead of risk free rate when pricing an equity call option
Implied Volatility of cross currency pairs
Linear Regression vs Mean Variance Optimization
What is the meaning of the quoted price of a treasure bond future?
Self finance conditions - proof check
Local Stochastic Volatility - Break even levels
Long short equity hedge fund question
Backtesting Market Making Strategy or Microstructure Strategy
Generate P Value from stationary bootstrap following Politis & Romano (1994)
Average Return Differential Calculation - Newey West t-Statistic
performance attribution - security selection= wB*(Rp-RB) or wP*(Rp-RB)?
An ad hoc portfolio optimization scheme
How important is p-value in a logistic regression based strategy?
What is time-varying risk premium? Forecasting stock returns
Accuracy for GARCH models
What is the stambaugh bias? Why is it important for predictability regressions?
ARIMA vs ARIMA + GARCH
Measuring interest rate sensitivity for illiquid private investments?
Computing Malliavin Derivative for European Call Payoff
Appropriate way to normalize Bollinger Bands?
American options -- doing better than Black's approximation when $r = 0$
Sub-Optimal exercise
Returns and Factors for European Market Kenneth French Database
Calculating realized volatility of high-frequency data
When the Fed is in a hiking cycle or tightening cycle, the forwards are
Interpolating cross-currency basis curve
Marking implied vol surface daily with sticky strike and sticky delta
Volswap: fair strike and number of fixings
Simulation of arithmetic asian option
Bloomberg zero rate calculation using shift
DV01 approximation
What is the difference between squared returns and variance?
dividend paid on FTSE100 time series data
Contingent claim and Derivative
Bloomberg APIv3 Get reference data overrides
Time Series Multiple Choice
What are the quantitative finance books that we should all have in our shelves?
IvyDB: St as the only unknown variable in the BS formula
Where can I find free security and derivative pricing software?
Call option with underlying following a Bachelier process
Is this the correct shape of Cox-Ross-Rubinstein's recombining binomial tree?
Estimate intraday trading and $ volume
Price of a risk arbitrage call
What are the latest developments on "Value Averaging"?
What are the quantitative finance papers that we should all have in our shelves?
Calculating price -> yield and yield -> price for fixed rate bonds using QLNet
How can I find what Loss Given Default to use
What returns to use?
Bachelier model call: computation of delta of a call option
How to handle bid-offer spread causing negative estimations of risk-neutral densities from option prices?
What is a stochastic processes which reasonably captures commodity price dynamics?
Valuation of an FX Swap
How frequently do market makers cancel orders?
Current industry standard for (active/passive) portfolio optimizations
Compare a timeseries of projected versus actual returns?
Mark to market forward contract
Index reconstruction
Visualising credit rating stability
Cause of difference in theoretical vs observed value of a (call) option under the Black-Scholes model?
Gamma/delta dynamics in the Black Scholes model and it's relation to PnL (Basic of option theory)
VaR of long options
DCF valuation and the constant WACC assumption
Rsquared in Fama Macbeth using rolling window
How much of the insider's private information is incorporated into prices in Kyle's single auction equilibrium model?
Structured Energy Option Pricing
Semivariance calculation (downside deviation)
European Call price for an asset with mean reverting (Vasicek model) dynamics
Wrong proof that call price is concave function of strike price
Inverted Yield Curve
Local Volatility implementation
Mixture models of Stochastic Volatility and Local Volatility
Change in call price Value as time goes by
How is this steel price implied based on enterprise value-to-Ebitda?
Are the Fama-French factor portfolios calculated based on absolute or relative value`?
Deriving Delta Hedge error in the B-S setup (part 2)
Bachelier model VS Black Scholes in call option pricing. Why are they so different?
Bond asset class long term assumptions
Valuing a cross currency basis swap using a third currency as a collateral
Hull-White Extension of Vasicek Model
why do forward contracts have varying sensitivity to yield, but futures contracts do not?
Turnover as a soft constraint for portfolio optimization
Is the historical volume data from Yahoo-Finance adjusted for splits?
Interpertation of delta hedge error in Black Scholes
Integral of Wiener process w.r.t. time
Objective measure of highly leveraged firms using Debt-to-EBITDA ratio
Details of calibration of Hull-White model
Which volatility input for in-arrear convexity correction?
Libor Swap Rates
On a FX volatility smile, Is a-delta put volatility equal to (1-a)-delta call volatility?
Comparing volatility of a specific period between days
Quantlib | Issue with extrapolation in BlackVarianceSurface
How to Calculate the Value of a Growing Perpetuity Using a State Price Matrix?
CDS Spread sensitivity
Is it possible to buy/sell a futures contract with a non-zero initial price?
Why xVA is only applicable to derivatives contracts
Creating riskless portfolio in black scholes
How is 1y5y - 1y2y Treasury steepener trade executed?
Many quants optimize sharpe ratios, sortino ratios, or anything of the form A/B. What about maximizing something of the form (AB)/(CD)?
Combining Quantitative data with fundamental data
Transforming and minimisation of the BS PDE
Beta of options based strategy
Do option traders actually have the underlying assets before maturity?
Wider swap spreads, lower cost of funding?
Predicting bond auction result. Should I train separate models for different maturity in face of Data deficiency?
Bond recovery rate with coupon
CAPM model as a regression
How to handle database updates for splits/dividends?
Black-Scholes equation for barrier options
Short selling limits and institutional ownership
Understanding Cover's Universal Portfolio Algorithm
How to delta-one hedge a IRD sensitivity on an intra-day basis (using eg, FX or bond futures)?
Is there a compilation of old Lehman research out there?
Properties of Stochastic Exponential
What are good papers on order book dynamics?
Obtaining swaption prices from lognormal volatility quotes
Volatility of a leveraged CFD portfolio
Historical Data - Level II with Time and Sales Data
Discrepancy between total shareholder return and return calculated using adjusted share price?
How to download bloomberg intraday data efficiently with API
How can I find the portfolio with maximum Sharpe Ratio - Using Lagrange Multipliers
Difference between Delta-Gamma and Delta-normal method for VaR
Theta from Black-Scholes PDE - is it possible to use implied volatility?
Transform the payoff to be non-zero
How to derive the dynamic of the log forward price?
R script for Leasts Square Monte Carlo. How to explain vol and mean?
Isn't GBM the equivalent of adding infinitessimally small normally distributed returns?
Interpretation and intuition behind the Put-Call symmetry under the Heston Model
bds with field in R returning error
QuantLib: Unusual point in American option volatility smile
Mandatory Break clause
Volatility swap hedge
Implied Vol skew VS Local Vol skew (as presented by Derman 1995)
Market Making Strategy
Dynamics of LIBOR foward rate under T-forward measure
Quandl Error in R
Equivalent Martingale Measure result Hull?
Period length and maximum data points on estimating the 5-year Beta-factor
MTM Hedging Performance of Vanna-Volga
Understanding DiscountCurve in quantlib
About SDE of Geometric Brownian Motion
What exactly is the nature of swaption vol data?
Jim Gatheral's assertion on ATM implied volatility vs. square root variance
[Notation Query ]Expressing matrix as summation over product of vectors (Coefficient of Regression)
Testing the accuracy of a created Index
Compare stock chart series in Python Highcharts
What Quantlib's functions are exported to Python, Excel, etc.?
How to create a currency independent commodity index
Calculate min. win ratio needed for a bet to be profitable
SSR definition in Bergomi in relation to sticky strike and sticky delta
Papers and books related to "Forex" market microstructure
Javascript calculating IRR using Newton method
Modelling interest rate
How to compute SABR's probability density function
Principal component analysis for yield curve
Mapping I/B/E/S to Compustat via 6-digit CUSIP
$\int_{0}^1W_x(t)dW_y(t)/(\int_{0}^1W_x^2(t)dt)^{1/2}$ normally-distributed?
Finding the process of $X/Y$
In quantlib (python), is there a way to specify settlementdays for a swapratehelper without having to also give discountCurve?
How to compute estimate performance with variable returns and days held
Sharpe Ratio Calculation Best Practice
How to simulate a path through its solution and conditional expectation / variance
Does pricing contingent claims under the EMM require us to define the distribution?
Distribution in Heston
% Drawdown on Stock Portfolio to hit Margin Call
Proof for ATM delta with Local col
How to ascertain/establish certainty of a portfolio rebalancing strategy?
Understanding put-call parity
When buying an ADR, how is the depositary for the purchased ADR determined?
Local variance derivation by Gatheral
Calibrating Heston paremeters based on market data for Implied Vol for Call options
What is martingle measure with risk free asset in numeraire or stock price in numeraire
If you have a delta-hedged position and you're short gamma, why are spot price movements bad?
Hull Martingales and measures problem 27.16 7e?
Active Portfolio Management: What is the logic behind this equation?
Dupire's calibration
Black Scholes Theta Finite difference
Pricing and hedging OTC vanilla options
Black-76 Model for Swaption Price and Greeks
Mixing Black Scholes with SABR
Martingale approach - Option pricing with Radom-Nikodym
Does CRRA-utility imply higher risk-aversion for lower wealth?
What is the relation between Relative Risk Aversion and Market Price of Risk
At what time (BST) are interest rate futures settled daily on Eurex Exchange?
varswap replication doubt
Portfolio Optmization With Risk Aversion Parameter R
Spot variance drift consequently to style drift
General questions about american options
Funded equity collars and margin loans
Multi-Asset Heston Model
The noise trader explanation of concave market impact
Yield curve trading
Would you consider yield a stationary or non-stationary process?
Yield To Maturity calculations for risk-free vs risky bonds
Why is 'duration' not the same as 'spread duration' for risky bonds
Knightian Uncertainty Iff Bayesian Probabilistic View Point
What is the vega profile of an up-and-out call option? And why is this important in structuring?
PortfolioAnalytics: What is the training_period and rolling_window "type" in optimize.portfolio.rebalancing?
Par Rate on an ongoing swap vs a trade startig at spot
Find a reasonable h
How to conduct an event study for multiple companies with different event dates?
How to find beta from the information given?
Markov switching regime for stock returns
Browian motion: $P(B_1<4 | B_2 =1)$
QuantLib in Python, are there any existing methods to handle the options delta on expiration day?
Trading Strategy adapting to my trading frequency
Literature recommendation on extreme asset price movements
Please explain this proof for me: (arbitrage and bounded set)
Asset class dynamics differences
Genetic Algorithm - Portfolio Optimization / Index Tracking crossover process
Fixing Rate in Quantlib
OTC derivatives trade life cycle
Pandas: Close-to-Open return on stocks
squaring stochastic calculus and other solutions
CMS options, cash-settled/physically-settled swaptions
How to debug Example_1 of the Open Risk Engine (ORE) library?
Which stats are the best predictors of model sucess in real time?
Monte Carlo Pricer for Express Certificate delivers wrong price [Mathematica]
Why is the holder of a basket call long correlation?
Bloomberg formula for bond total return
Quantlib interpolation question
Question on OHLC historical data
Autocallable pricing under stochastic vs. local volatility
Calculating Expected Shortfall of combined portfolios
Perpetual American put option with zero interest rate
Probability distributions as solutions to differential equations
Hedging with variance swaps: how to calculate the notional
Bond Convexity and Maturity
Which program for a DCC-MIDAS model?
Different versions of Put-Call Parity
Value of Call Option as Volatility goes to Infinity
Problems with local volatility models (vs stochastic volatility models)
Higher Vega with ATM options when Spot is higher
How to download only amex and nyse data from CRSP?
Reduction in banks excess reserves link to liquidity and funding
What Process Does the Market Follow in the CAPM?
Show that the Ito integral is Gaussian
The BISAM fat-tailed volatility model vs EWMA volatility model
Software for American basket option pricing using Longstaff-Schwartz/Least Squares Monte Carlo method
Physical commodity trading quantitative risk return model
Uniqueness of data metric
ARMA/GARCH forecasting prices?
Convertible Bond Pricer papers
Pricing perpetual American put option when interest rate is equal to 0
Portfolio Immunization from Yield Perspective
Calculate $Cov(e^ {B_t} ,e^{B_s})$
question on XIRR (excel)
Change of numéraire for non-Normal distributions
What are some good books to read to get an intuitive understanding of relevant financial topics?
Proof behind solution for theta in Hull-White with time-dependent volatility and mean reversion?
credit risk - marginal default probability
Probability density function of the sum of two independent Levy-distributed random variables?
Lower bound for European put option prices -- potential contradiction with BS
Hansen and Jagannathan distance
Physical trading spot transaction analysis-Quantified
Applying the Kelly Criterion - Targeting Specific Capital Gains
Fama-Macbeth with Liquidity Sorted Portfolios
Pricing call option on S&P 500
Value-at-Risk and dividend payments
Independence of initial wealth for Constant Absolute Risk Aversion
Should log returns be used in multilinear regressions?
Taylor series expansion and hedging
maximize Sharpe ratio in portfolio optimization
Lattice pricing of derivatives under multi curve framework (OIS and LIBOR)
Why are there stock price inconsistencies between Yahoo Finance, Google, and other data providers?
Google Finance API for historical price data analysis?
Drop weekend data Vs fill weekend data for GARCH-type modelling
amount of data - option pricer calibration
Monte Carlo simulation error estimation
The "I want to price swaptions" request
QuantLib: How to change polynomial order in MCAmericanBasketEngine?
Bootstrapping to Judge the Fit of a Sampled Return Distribution
Positive Heston model theta
Gamma Pnl vs Vega Pnl
What is the return of risky asset in direct utility optimization probem?
ISDA Convention for definition of IRS maturities
Trading rules: Controlling the portfolio FDR+ level
Fixed Income Trading Intuition
ARCH Model: Which part does AR refer to?
Computation of an integral containing d ln x (Scale of Market Shocks)
How to test the CAPM empirically and how do I use this Kenneth French dataset?
What are advantages of expressing swaps this way?
Machine Learning usage in Q part of Quant Finance
Value at Risk for a plain vanilla interest rate swap
How can the Kelly Criterion be adjusted for making Angel Investment Decisions?
High-frequency historical IV data
Gyöngy Theorem Proof
What is the purpose of short rate models?
Difference in exposure between delta hedged options, ATM straddles and delta hedged straddles
Derivation of the Pnl of a Delta Hedged Straddle and Risk Reversal
Why we should specify the evaluation date when using Quantlib yield curve? And why updating the evaluation Date is time consuming
Price and settlement gain calculation in options on an index
Black Scholes in the case of dividends
Changing to martingale probability world
Finding distribution of $\int_0 ^T uW_u du$
Random Walk of N Correlated Assets
Dividend yield on ASX 200 (XJO) index options
Why Do Universal Portfolios Work?
Monte Carlo simulation based VaR: daily vs annual parameters
Different scaling conventions for greeks
Proxy for daily risk-free return in CAPM
Can the vega of ITM call-options be negative when the distribution of the underlyings returns is negatively skewed?
Prove that the value of a perpetual American put is time-independent
Fractal market hypothesis testing
Construction of synthetic deposits
Recreating / Extending Bond Time Series
Behavioral SDF: modelling sentiment risk premium
List of packages in R for options pricing?
get base asset price for bond future
how to simulate FX forwards
How does a Delta Hedged portfolio yield the Risk-free?
When exactly does the FOMC release the new calendar dates?
Delta hedge a long option using a short option
Implied volatility of inverse quote
Girsanov's Theorem for Multiple Risky Assets
Which PDE is satisfied by the function of Wiener process $u(t,x)$?
Forward Skew in the Local Volatility Model
Using BS Delta to hedge in a LV Model
Black Scholes and the Log Normal Distribution
Why there is a Deviation on my RSI indicator in comparison from one of the other Trading Markets
Prove the Markov property for the stochastic process $Y^x_t$
Collect all stock returns in one single matrix using quantmod in R
Error on Paul Wilmott Section 5.2?
CMS spread vanilla options quotation
Backtest with rolling volatility in R
Vega with SVI Gatheral bumps
Why not break the volume every day into buy and sell volumes?
Analyst Action Data
tenor basis swap spreads and compounding
Event Study - how to control for confounding events?
QuantLib-Python: Getting a list of all holidays between D1 & D2 with function "holidayList"
Understanding example on VaR
Variance covariance matrix - number of periods required
duration hedging of illiquid bonds
Why does rebalancing leveraged portfolios buy winners and sell losers?
How does Rho behaves with moneyness of option?
American put option in binomial model - arbitrage opportunity?
Robust and free Heston pricing software
"Correct" way to average OAS of multiple securities?
What instrument to hedge derivatives' interest rate duration risk?
How is valuing corporate CDS different from sovereign CDS?
Ergodicity of Random Walk
Algorithm for calculating Capped Index weightings
How are Risk indices linked to Physical Trading returns?
Mean Variance Optimization of 2000 pairs of securities (Python)
How to do QE scheme for n correlated assets?
Why are vanilla OTC options are quoted in delta and vol?
Literature recommendation subordinator models
QuantLib-Python: Splitting the NPV of an option into intrinsic & time
Rate Converstion Using Different Day Count and Frequency
How to calculate Sharpe Ratio from $ returns?
R PortfolioAnalytics
What is the numeraire for the real world measure $\mathbb{P}$?
Trouble calculating the Dow Jones Industrial Average
What is the importance of alpha, beta, rho in the SABR volatility model?
Explaining an Option product: SIX Discount Certificates
What is incorrect with the following derivations of forward price?
Monte-Carlo simulation Hull-White process: physical and risk-neutral measure
Calculating implied volatility from moneyness/volatility values for date
Why is future price equal to $E^Q[S_T]$?
Reason for choosing the T-forward measure to calculate expected value of forward curves
How to verify if beta "works" for hedging?
Portfolio Allocation given Sharpe Ratio
Computing squared returns given differential equation for prices
Understanding Forex Positions
Sharpe ratio for dynamic portfolio
Cheapest-to-deliver (CTD) discount curve
How to estimate Black Scholes parameters using Maximum Likelihood estimate method
Correct choice of SMB factor for regression models
Definition request - Brownian Motion Characterised by Sharpe Ratio
Why universal portfolio (by T.Cover) always give uniform allocation
Bermudan Swaptions
How might I answer this past exam question relating to the limiting price of an option?
Option Greeks' Formulas for Black & Scholes vs Black 76
Portfolio volatility of discontinuous portfolio
Fund size and alpha
What is the relationship of Value-at-Risk of a random variable $X$ and a constant $D$ $VaR_{\alpha}(min(X,D))$and $VaR_{\alpha}(X)$?
Applying Ito's formula to complex functions
Interest rate PV01 for a floating rate bond
Question about the Cameron-Martin-Girsanov (CMG) theorem
Calculating the stochastic integral of $\exp(-rt)S_t$
Collateralized / uncollateralized swap
Which expression of $S_t$ to use under the Black-Scholes model?
How might I answer this past exam question relating to the value of a European option under the BMS market model?
Can someone explain the 6 alternative volatility measures?
Intuitively, why does liquidity premium contribute to bond yield?
Smart transaction cost model (for spread contracts)
Vol swaps Vol of vol
VarSwap PnL formula
Basic question on Ito integrals
Looking for: List of 30 top-performing value investors in the US (AUM 100USD mn+; 10 years)
Mix a Forward Delta Premium Adjusted and a Forward Delta to construct the volatility surface
Data sources for historical Eurex settlement option prices
Evaluate the significance of the relationship among VIX and the S&P 500
How should I interpret a forward rate?
What rate should I passed into Black Scholes to calculate an option price?
Squaring lognormal compounding with linear addition of normal returns
Efficient algorithm for calculating Beta coefficient
what does "share codes" in Fama and French (2015) exactly mean?
For a market with a bank and risky assets $S_1, S_2$ with different volatility, what should be the short interest rate in this market?
Options pricing, dividend taxation
Prove that $F(s,x_0)=0$, $F(t,x)=1$ and $\frac{\partial F}{\partial t}+\frac{1}{2}\frac{\partial^2 F}{\partial x^2}=0$
Bootstrap discounted cash flow
Correlation of assets to portfolio of assets
reconciling arithmetic and geometric compounding
How do you calculate or estimate the future gross basis of a treasury future?
Optimal number of nodes for binomial lattice?
Corporate Bond Yield Curve
Which volatility as input in Black Scholes formula?
Backtesting C++ Algorithms
Importing a zero coupon curve to RQuantLib
Does the Ito correction term in GBM result in 'real money', or is it illusory?
Optimal number of simulations for Monte Carlo
Portfolio duration
Differential Equation of Type Ricatti as part of Short Rate Model
Why is the 1 month OIS rate so stable?
Sigma moves - annualize return or no?
difference between Meucci fully flexible probability and markov regime swtiching models?
How does after-hours trading affect the next session prices?
Markowitz; risky asset frontier w/o risk free asset
how are financial data with sparse and asynchronous features imputed in predictive modeling?
What is the domain of the Black-Scholes operator?
Confused About Ex-Ante vs. Ex-Post Pricing Representation
Accrued Interest on a bond
Using Normal Distribution to forecast active return
Does using adjusted closing prices constitute a lookahead bias?
On the buyside, when people quote a 'price' for a plain vanilla interest rate swap, does it include accrued interest?
Derivative of Time Value of Money by time
Index implied repo gerater than the stock repo
Deciding how many trades to make
Pricing fixed coupon bond with ytm in QuantLib python
R: optimize timeseries to minimize "integral"
Put Call Symmetry
Measuring alpha (Academia vs the Industry)
Optimal portfolio construction for tactical asset allocation
Adding a new strategy to an existing portfolio
Portfolio turnover
Quantlib - model changes in option value on day of expiry
If equity returns are normally distributed, why are average equity returns not zero
Ledoit Wolf shrinkage with constant correlation prior with tawny and Riskporfolios
MtM of FX Forward
Structured product with coupons
Negative abnormal stock return and permanent impact
Negative variance?
QuantLib-Python: What is "index = Euribor1Y(term_structure)" doing?
How do I convert order book data into OHCL( Open,High,Low,close) format?
Markowitz w/ riskless asset & CAPM
Calibration of stock's intrinsic value under the gordon model
Cramer-Lundberg: Adjustment coefficient does not exist
Does numeraire have to be a tradable asset
Does Weak stationarity imply ergodicity ?
Comparing historical to implied volatility
Finite Difference method in Matlab for SABR volatility model fails to provide correct option values
Why do par-yield shifts grow faster across the curve than spot-rate shifts when looking at key-rates?
Correlation basket equities
Put pricing embedded in autocall
What is the priority of the waiting non-matched bets, when a match becomes available in Betfair?
Financing of an equity forward
how to treat NA values in Compustat and CRSP
Listed Company's Filing Deadline
Relative order of curve for coupons for Upward Sloping Yield
Custom Frequency termstrc Package
Put Call Symmetry for arbitrary $t\in [0,T]$
Martingale property of inhomogenous poisson process
Dealing with missing factors
Multiple max/min forward start option
Monte Carlo - Multivariate Simulation of Returns
Kirk Approximation and Exercise Probability
Where does this proof use the fact that the consumption level is positive?
How is the integral relationship between current yield curve and forward yield curve derived?
In the "betting against beta" paper, what exactly is the "BAB factor"?
Bond prices at future times under Vasick one-factor model
Trading Platform APIs which support editing holdings
Calibration of Cox-Ingersoll-Ross process that hits zero (Feller condition violation)
Put-call parity for cash settled swaptions
Unable to obtain correct Finite Difference Results
DCCfit speed up formula
When we look for equilibrium, do we set sum of portfolios equa to zero or equal to outstanding shares?
Self financing portfolio for a basket of options
Option pricing and mean reversion
Known Forex Market Trends
SPX/VIX Implied Beta Calculation
VIX/SPX Realized Beta Calculation
SPX Convexity Spread
Comparing account equity vs maintenance margin on large number of positions
Trying to understand Strike Adjusted Spread, can someone explain using a simple example?
derivation of general black-scholes formula
Monte Carlo Simulation of correlated returns based on different frequencies
Bond fund's roll and carry
Using DayCounter ActualActual.ISMA in QuantLib
Change of measure when calibrating real-world dynamics
Intraday option price data European stocks and indices
Use of second similar European Option as control variate to simulate a European option
(Bloomberg) BDP Formula question
Longstaff Schwartz Algrorithm in R
Replicating an option
If markets are efficient, why are most returns systematically high?
DV01 of bond future from DV01 of CTD
QuantLib-Python: How to set fixed reference dates when bootstrapping the term structure?
How do you factor in skew when assessing implied volatility for a non-atm option?
What steps are for a specific Day Trading Pattern
American CRR implied vols
Altman Z-Scoring and unknown variables
How to determine the default probability of a county in a bond that is not in its native currency?
Dynamically adjusting the size of a Constant Range Bar (on an intraday fx chart)
Finite Difference implicit scheme
FF 5 factor model Intercept equal 0
Equity repo close to money market rates?
How to apply PD term structure?
What is the correct way to calculate the annualized returns from rolling windows starting from monthly returns?
European Call Option Modelling under 2 factor Hull White interest rates
What does it mean that $\Phi$ is a mean-reversion factor?
Zipline issue with SPY data
bootstrapping a basis curve to get a forward basis curve
Two papers - two different solutions of the Ornstein-Uhlenbeck process
approach on trading algorithm using machine learning
Market Risk - Trading and Banking book in light of Basel III
Probability of outlier events for laplace distribution
Day Count Fraction specified as 1/1 (2006 ISDA section 4.16 a)
Calculating beta to market
Questions related to Sharpe's return-based style analysis
Lagged Residual as Independent Variable
z-score of an active return with a no-volatility benchmark
Subset selection to identify independent variables that impact the market?
Instruments for calibrating Hull White Model
stochastic vol modelling not enough for smile
Who benefits from more fair market?
Pricing an option with sparse data, high underlying volatility and returns
Turning an amortising swaption into a normal swaption
When to use continuous time math vs discrete time?
Working with time series with different resolutions
Question on volatility equation for CMS pricing
Hull White Tree Calibration 2
Building a consistant Forward curve in the multicurve framework
Autocall Calibration
Factor Model - Fixed Incom
Error Metric For Regression of Overlapping Returns Series
Expectation of an Integral of a function of a Brownian Motion
Are returns predictable, Campbell and Shiller (1988)
SABR PDE spot/forward upper boundary condition implementation
Risk Parity / Equal Risk Contribution with Tail Risk Measures
Software library: Pricing financial instruments, such as FX Forwards
Using option pricing methods to model real asset liquidity
GBM in R giving negative numbers?
What is the point of the regression in Longstaff Schwartz method?
Why is the value of a forward contract discounted to the present value?
For a trading strategy how many trades have to occur for statistical significance
What exactly makes CAPM an equilibrium model?
Detecting butterfly spread arbitrage for American options through European option prices
Macaulay's Duration with Zero Rates
List of long-Term Support & Resistance in forex or stocks
Negative VaR equivalent Volatility (VEV) and its meaning?
Modelling approaches for interest rate risk in the banking book (IRRBB)
Portfolio forward return
Upper bound option price in volatility dimension
Volatility scenario generation for value-at-risk
Prove the given stochastic integral are equally distributed
What is the industry standard way of calculating and annualizing performance metrics?
Futures Exchanges and marking to market
Change of numeraire in options with currency exchange features
What vol to use when implying strike from delta?
What does leverage lower than 1 means for ETFs
Does it make sense to simulate from the multidimensional GBM?
How can I reproduce the experimental verification of the “False Strategy” theorem plot?
Treasury spline curve, practical question
LGD performing model - LGD estimate vs LGD observed
How to choose trades over time when capital is limited
Mapping international firms in I/B/E/S to Compustat
Implementing the Sharpe's return-based style analysis on Python
Can the dependent samples t test be used for this problem?
How to change the YieldTermStructureHandle's referenceDate in QuantLib
Is Yahoo finance volume written in shares per day or $ value per day?
How to make use of sector index returns data to analyze the overall stock market index
Where can I download 10 year Treasury prices in OHLC format?
Forward spot calculation for a dividend paying no-short sell ETF
Heging against stochastic interest rate
volatility for multiple time series
Do CDS have interest rate exposure?
What is considered the risk free rate?
Why is the annuity factor proportional to the CV01?
correlation in time series analysis
Fama and French 1997 Cost of Equity
Calculating Flat Price Risk for Physical Commodity Trades
Futures and Forward Prices vs interest rates
Classifying stocks by industry (free)
Continuous Contract - which bar do I adjust given a roll date?
Beginner question on Black Scholes
Can you clarify Kelly's derivation in Paul Wilmott Introduces Quantitative Finance?
3M FRA futures convexity vs 3M OIS futures convexity adjustment
Modelling EUR/USD rate with Ornstein-Uhlenbeck model
Portfolio correlation of a long-short portfolio
Bond Data on UK corporate
Does Foward Rate on Libor change depending on which day you calculate it at?
Why does the EUR/USD exchange rate is in fact USD/EUR from a mathematical point of view?, why finance does not use the mathematical notation?
How do markets price an interest rate rise?
Which Pivot Point Algorithm Does TradingView Use?
Programmatically detect RSI divergence
Develop a pricing formula for an American digital put option
fx vanilla option's forward delta in single currency
What is the formula for the forward price of a inflation linked bond assuming there are coupons in the interim period and the deal is collateralised?
What is the OHLC of a candle when there are no trades
Calculation VaR on long term period
How to interpret and define statistics of GBM output
OHLC inconsistencies in bloomberg
Pricing and hedging fund-linked derivatives
Chat bot for traders
Does the price of an asset need to be constant in order for its volatility to be zero?
Quanto pricing explanation
Hedger's utility function associated with minimizing value at risk
What to use for Tracking error minimization
How should I convert FX Volatility Surface from one base currency to another?
Summer Schools in Quantitative Finance
Is Red Code unique per derivative instrument
Magnitude of the Diversification Ratio
Automatically get iShares ETF holdings
what is the underling of treasury bond future contracts? and what determine/drives bond future's theoretical/market prices?
why the financing cost of a bond is repo?
How to adjust butterfly 2s5s10s swaps trade for directionality?
Value at Risk of a Portfolio
Modeling exercise notice time using lattices?
Measuring size risk in CAPM. How one could go about?
Best Way of Interpreting Black-Scholes Formula
1y10y vs. 10y1y Swaption
uncollateralised otc derivatives and bank funding costs
Adjusting for term structure of repo rates to get apples to apples picture
Difference Between FRA and IR Future pricing
Problems with Black-Litterman: negative portfolio weights, and very poor returns
Question about derivation of SABR volatility formula in original paper 'Managing Smile Risk' by Hagan et al
Filtering smallest eigenvalues
Calculating Fx Swap from Cross Currency Swap
Market Making Strategies Found by Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman Equation
CCAR Shocks Scenario
End Dates of Financial Crises
Why is my Covariance matrix not positive definite?
Physical Delivery of Single Currency Fixed-Floating IRS
Is positive skewness preferences rational or irrational?
Break even Levels Local volatility
Finding ETF Symbols for alpha vantange
Is options max pain a useful predictor?
How to use Kelly Criterion to place an order in financial market
Barrier Option under Jump Diffusion
Absorption ratio by Mark Kritzman
Benchmarking a foreign portfolio with SPY?
Downloading historical data of "Financial Account Data"
Quantitative Finance education/skills
Correlation between a sector and MSCI ACWI returns
repo rate v.s. reverse repo rate
Difference between Excel's Rate Function and Paul Wilmott's Goal Seek Method for finding YTM
Why are my eigenvalues coming out negative for my positive definite covariance matrix?
Can I use implied volatility of stocks to predict the next days or weeks top 10 gainers and losers?
why the implied repo rate is higher when choosing the last delivery date to deliver rather than first delivery date
Bond SDE under its own forward measure
Seeking papers that deal with stock market analysis
What's the advantages of $EVaR$ over $CVaR$?
Finite Difference with SVI Vol Model
Implied credit spread convertible bonds with negative yield
How to compute the portfolio risk when weights are negative?
How does interest parity work with settlement dates?
How Machine Learning model addresses adverse action concerns -credit scorcard?
Backtest Portfolio Analysis
Literature on quoting vol surfaces in the absence of listed option prices
Antithetic sampling on non-linear payoff?
Pricing Corridor Variance Spreads
Trading Signals with Different Lags
Valuation of open FX-Forward
Studies utilizing Fama French factors
Discretizing a Continuous Time Stochastic Volatility Model
EWMA Volatility vs Volatility of EWMA
Calculating Ex-Post Sharpe Ratio
Calculating the long run average default rate when the portfolio changes during the year
Constrained Optimization for performance attribution
Historical stock data with official open/close
Estimating at-the-money volatility where at-the-money option is absent from the market
Can someone please share examples of machine learning in quantitative finance?
Dubious math in Thorp's magnum opus
How to minimize $CVaR_{\alpha}(\min(X,d))$, where $X$ is a random variable and d is the decision variable?
Is there a standard name for subtracting time dependent risk free rates from PnL(Equity) curve?
Stock forward price argument
Why does the UK government sell RBS shares?
How do orders outside of the market clearing level affect price?
Risk of Put-Call-Parity in practice
Effect of Volatility Regime on Volatility Smile
What is the difference between forward volatility swap and FVA?
Dynamic hedging pnl when pinning
Which of the following derivatives are protected from arbitrary corporate action?
Simulation of a DCC-GARCH
How to compute a single Value-at-Risk (a single quantile) of portfolio returns taking into account correlation between individual returns?
Relation between one touch and binary option
Predicting midprice of FX pair increases in exchange Y if it increases in exchange X
Why the spread is calculated on raw prices instead on the price changes?
Modelling VIX futures backwardation
Is there a relationship between Risk Neutral Pricing framework and Nash Equilibria?
Benchmarking of Portfolio weights
How to calculate $\frac{\partial\ \text{CVaR}_{\alpha}(\min(X,d))}{\partial d}$ and $\frac{\partial\ \text{VaR}_{\alpha}(\min(X,d))}{\partial d}$?
Why should an american option be exercised when its price equals its intrinsic value
Implementing Hanson`s LMSR with Limit Orderbooks
How does REG-T apply to non-standard option strategies
What's the rationale behind having several orders on each each side for market makers
Reverse convertible quanto decomposition
Calculating Total Risk and Idiosyncratic Risk for individual stocks?
Markov Decision Process in which actions don’t impact the system
Preference between low (zero) and negative correlation
Options Pricing
Calculating daily underlying move from options volatility?
Can GARCH volatility simulations generally be applied to return-modelling models?
Deriving the long-horizon predictive regression and hypothesis testing
Struggling with tau in Black-Litterman
Fallback Interest rate volatility for OAS model
Application of Vibrato Montecarlo methods
Mid-curve swaption
credit spread ajustment considering currency
Relation between BDT volatility and Hull-White one factor Volatility
Fundamental factor analysis using portfolio construction
Options volatility margin
How to interpret the accuracy result of the forecaste?
Why Girsanov's theorem used here?
Value at Risk for normal r.v. with shock (regimes)
Large Differences in Open Interest between Similar Strikes
FX hedging: forward rate and implied forward rate
Why is the expected value of bias statistic one?
Understanding Forex HFT Arbitrage with different counter parties/ Brokers/ ECN
Calculating PnL on Swap Spread Trade
OpenGamma's Strata - Computational Overhead
How to compute bond drawdowns?
Interpretation of PCA for commodity futures
Return Contribution for Annual Returns
Backtesting Fundamental Equity Strategies in Python
Why do CDS Spreads differ by currency?
Difference Between E-Mini SP500 Cash Future And Closest Expiring Contract?
Extension of HJM to multiple factors
Measure theory in quantitative finance
Forward implied volatility
Risk attribution model without weights data
Market Maker portfolio management
Finding Equity Volatility for the Standard Merton Model of Corporate Debt
What are the impacts of the discontinuation of benchmark Interest Rates?
r: analyse series of historical positions as portfolio using 'standard' tools
Joint hypothesis tests
How to model High/Low prices for Stocks with Monte Carlo
Black-Scholes for Binary Option
What does $\int dS \phi (S - K)$ mean in Gatheral's book?
Why is Overnight LIBOR lower than BoE Base Rate?
Retrieve EBIT from XBRL documents
performance measure using pnl series
Testing the statistical significance of alphas in the CAPM
different Z-spreads for a same company
What is the risk neutral density and how is it estimated?
QuantLib in Python : Execution time with OISRateHelper compared to Swap/Deposit RateHelper
Where can I find data on US bank interest rates or 4-week T-bill rates dating back to 1970s or earlier?
Quantlib derivative valuation from zero curve
Why is the SOFR par coupon rate trading higher than Fed funds?
Pricing a Path-Dependent Option with Heston
Dynamic asset allocation strategies using a stochastic dynamic programming approach
Question about calculating asset volatility using Black-Scholes and the Merton Model (Differentiation Question)
Exotic derivatives - Replication
Choosing the Correct Periods for Yang-Zhang Volatility
Reference request: Terminal wealth distribution including deterministic contribution
Understanding Leverage specifically when there is loss
EOD historical data
Black-Scholes pricing of binary options
Multi year performance evaluations
Assessing goodness of a Technical Trading Rule using a ROC model
Why is spot FX standard if overnight forwards are available?
Vega of exotic options
Drift of Local Volatility Model - Dupire
Convention for Discrete Asian / Lookback Options
Forward looking estimation of market price of risk of stochastic volatility
Any Suggestion for Credit Risk Measure for Banking Industry in Turkey?
Statistical methods to compare two financial series data
How do I calculate bad debt on revolving credit?
The positivity of the market price of risk
stochastic fast vs. williams r
Annualising Data
Identifying primary share class of U.S. firms and deleting excess observations
Portfolio optimization with non-linear cost
Binary Options: convert from "Cash or Nothing" to "Asset or Nothing"
Dual Curve Bootstrapping - When to OIS discount?
Given historical performance of a financial index, how to categorise different historical periods depending on the market regime at the time?
Piterbarg's Rates Squared - Quadratic Models and Arbitrage
Calculate tenor wise DV01 of a Swap in Quantlib Python, i.e. Key-rate Duration
calibrating two (or X) equity diffusion trees
Utility Maximization on a finite Probability Space. Possible mistakes in a paper?
Bucketed gamma for swaptions
Log Differences vs Percentage returns
Extrapolating implied dividend yield
Is an ISIN unique per company (or what else is)?
Tracking when/why datasets are removed from Quandl
Estimation of the variance risk premium via VIX
If you have normally distributed returns, shouldn't you have the same adjustment factor as lognormally distributed?
How to determine incorporated funds from the CFI
Generating Correlated Quasi Random Numbers
QQQ fillings history
Choosing programming language for the next generation of a pricing library
Did Google Finance API Go Away or Just Change Signature?
Option greeks as dollar P&L
Cash Flow News and Discount Rate News + Return
Determining the probability of arriving at a price by a time T
Zero Beta Portfolio in R
Data for daily real interest rates
Relationship between BBB credit spreads and rising interest rates
Australian Treasury Bonds - Price Calculation with Accrual
20s30s curve convexity
Pricing options with 0 or negative underlying values
How to Determine the Last Stock Price Before We Begin to Liquidate the Position on Interactive Brokers?
Sequential Optimization
How to simulate this Gamma expansion in a Python way
Minimizing variance when searching for Cointegration
Finding MBS OAS in practice
Significance Of Missing Data for RMSE Estimation
Quasi Monte Carlo
Finding the distribution and moments of returns with GARCH models (in R if possible)
Does Chan use the wrong state transition model in his Kalman filter code?
Zero Coupon Bond Price under Hull White Model (One Factor)
Repo advantage relative value (Treasury)
Probability of Implied Volatility Move
Event study : multi-country and multi-events study (CARs - cumulated abnormal returns)
Black-Scholes: Delta/probability of exercise increases with volatility
Hybrid Heston-Hull White Model
Alpha vantage API Not working for NSE while the same query is giving output for NYSE stocks
Correlation among different sectors of the market
What does leverage have to do with beta?
Equivalent martingale measure in time changed Levy models
Different versions of sticky strike, moneyness and delta
Separate market and limit orders from market depth/tick data
Seeking papers on multi-factor models on the equity long short hedge funds
Market, Limit and Cancellation orders
What is the optimal approach to "backcasting" alternative asset classes (i.e. PE, Hedge Funds, Real Estate)?
Determine the right order size with market making strategy
Sharpe Ratio with Stochastic Interest Rate?
Control Variate Barrier Basket Option
Does it make sense to calculate an option price in future (at t+1)?
10 years intraday for a single stock
How to measure the Sharpe Ratio of a high frequency trading strategy?
Minimizing Correlation to Index
The utility function in Betting Against Beta
Do you receive premium from selling VXTY futures?
Limit and Market Order for training a ML model
VaR for Options portfolio
Duration: Parallel shift in yield curve assumption
Newey-West standard errors in Fama-MacBeth regressions
How to deal with missing value in a time series stock market data?
Calculate Idiosyncratic Risk?
Compo Feature in Asian Option on Futures
A basic question about short-rate models
Exclusion of Utilites and Financials in Magic Formula
Credit Spreads and Relative Value : floating vs fixed bond
AFV Model Implementation for Convertible Bonds
Characteristic Portfolio for an Attribute
name of this portfolio optimization strategy
Bootstrap daily OIS forward rate
Examination of Betting Against Beta
Interest model calibration and binomial trees
Has work been done on PID controllers for optimal trading?
How to calculate the normalized value of a changing stock portfolio?
Pair trading strategies in fixed income
Market Making Strategy to Interact with IB API
What's the most accurate benchmark index for US corporate and treasury bonds
Comparing two regressions that differ by a few data points
Which method would you use to compare if a time series of financial returns has more "clusterized volatility" than another?
When converting Tick to OHLC, which field do I use for Open and Close: bid or ask?
For a fixed-fixed cross currency swap, can I use a curve with two floating legs to discount the cash flows?
Crowding in factor investing; Solid metrics
How is breadth for Information Ratio Calculated
How to calculate RSI while considering market close and holidays?
How to compare bonds in terms of volume traded in Bloomberg Excel Add-in?
How to calculate implied repo of a hypothetical bond that has not been issued?
What is the strategy for this piece of information
Estimation of market price of risk of short interest rate under the Hull-White model
Perpetual Put vs European Put
SABR Normal Volatility when F = K
Definition of Arbitrage
Pricing default risk in cryptos
Definition of Arbitrage
Portfolio Analysis Interview Question
What's the slowest frequency over which bid-ask bounce effect are observed?
What is meant by "replicating an American option"?
From Butterfly Price to Probability of $S_T$ Falling within a Range
Simulating trading strategies
Is there any literature on how stock exchanges guarantee consistency?
Ho Lee model in Baxter&Rennie
What is this function in the Longstaff-Schwartz paper?
How to debit user balance on market buy order?
Vasicek short rate: Risk-neutral measure into real-world measure
Hedging Ratios for Fixed Income Instruments
Why Arent There Long Rate Models?
Single Model Accuracy Estimation
Analyst Calls Conference Transcript Database/API
"Dusty Corners of the Market" and Limits-to-Arbitrage
option price change
Is there a python library to generate performance metrics from returns of the strategy?
Cointegration on prices or difference of prices
beginner portfolio statistics - annualized volatility of multi-asset portfolio
Total Variance of an asset in case of stochastic rates
References for Monte Carlo in insurance
Separating industry and market effects for an equity factor portfolio
Multi-factor models on equity long-short hedge funds
How could one trade volatility skew if you think it's too flat or steep?
Error distribution assumption in a simple ARIMA model
Using Geometric Brownian Motion for Index Options
What would it take for quants to use "quantlib"
Klein and Chow Orthogonal Transformation - Lowdin Orthogonalization
Quanto Factor - FX Forward
LIBOR Market Model (LMM) - references
forex backtesting spread cost modeling
Fama French paper regression questions
Pricing caplet with Bachelier (normal dynamic) using forward measure
Why is LIBOR rate smoother than the US treasury rate?
Does Black Scholes need to assume no arbitrage?
Distribution of data for GBM
Interest rates forward implied volatility models
Origin of the term Modern Portfolio Theory
Difference between constraining pre and post optimization
trying to better understand copulas
4 Leg Synthetic Stock Options Strategy
How do I calculate the zigzag indicator?
standard brownian vs brownian motion
Discount Factors to Zero Rates
Return on a CDS portfolio
How to deduce the formula of the wealth process of a stochastic volatility model?
How skew in vertical put spreads change the payoff?
Black Litterman - numerical instability
Option Strategy: Python Implementation Advice
Confusion regarding the risk neutral and physical measures
Machine Learning Algorithm to find backtesting parameters?
Alternative to tradertest.org for mental math practice
Fitting hedge fund returns to probability distributions
Simulating Taxed Equity Return Series (U.S.)
What are the units of the variance of returns?
How to calculate correlation between commodities with forward prices?
How to Calculate Stock Return with Stock Bonuses and Rights?
How to calculate the multi-asset class portfolio vega?
Total risk from asset allocation and security selection
Importance sampling procedure
HJM or Short rates model?
What is the impact of inflationary expectation on stock price?
How to measure the impact of regulation on fund fees?
Getting index sectors historical weightings from Bloomberg
Swing option pricing in QuantLib-Python
Does predictability in a VAR process imply mean reversion or momentum?
how to price barrier option under local vol model using QuantLib
Country allocation -optimization 3 countries
What's the correct graphical comparison in a GARCH fit?
Euribor 3M exact definition
Double sign for the error term in an ARMA-GARCH model
Why a currency is not considerend as a numéraire for a risk neutral measure
Using interest rate as a discount factor in dividend discount model
Negative signs in GARCH equation
Exchange Infrastructure
"Standard" Model for Effective Fed Funds Rate
basic difference between interest rate models
random walk with drift and absorption barrier
Finding parameters of a function for optimal market making with real data
how to change the value set by the addFixing method in QuantLib
P&L Calculation of Option Strategy
What are trade markouts?
Spreadlock derivatives
What is the formula for calculating fair value of currency futures?
Conditional Probability - Geometric Brownian Motion
GARCH fit: "failure to achieve convergence"... a problem?
Curve steepner and convexity
Industry standard for interpolating FX volatilities
Calculating Mutual Fund Returns
Checking arbitrage for the SABR model - analytical vs numerical approach
Capital call VS Capital Commitment
Asset price simulation under Monte Carlo for option pricing using market data
Libor Market Model (LMM) under risk neutral measure
Are there methods of calculating Implied Volatility in the stock market, other than Black-Scholes?
USD Swap day convention (IMM) Feb 19
In CVA simulation, timesteps vs number of simulations?
Structured Payoff Scripting in QuantLib
Zero Coupon Curve and Floating Rates Notes pricing
Strategy in steepening curve environment, stable spreads - HotS interview problem
Showing the Gaussian shift theorem for bivariate case
Benefits of systematically trading OTC options instead of exchange-traded options
Create Tick Bars with R
Buy and Hold P&L for options
How to have an unbiased estimation of the standard deviation when using rolling returns?
ATMF FX straddle delta
Measuring correlation between random variables when they are not normally distributed?
YTM of "very-seasoned" bond issues
Is the assignment of exercised options "truly" random
Are the explanatory factors for a firm's expected returns and its expected earnings/valuation multiples the same?
Why can't an options writer volunteer for assignment on exercise
sharpe ratio from regression
Present Value versus. Future Value of an Annuity Due
Parametric VaR assumption question
Strategy to write uncovered put and call
Rough Volatility Prediction - Gatheral, Jaisson, Rosenbaum Paper
Filling a few missing data in time series?
Dividend paying asset, why can't be taken as numéraire?
Long Horizon Regression, stationary variables
Which interest rates (maturity length) should one use for calculating interest rate differential of AUDUSD?
Units of Modified Duration and Macauley Duration
Risk management tools for long term Gamma/Vega sellers subject to margin calls
Understand the white noise condition in Vector Autoregression
Bootstrapping and Curve Calibration Objective Function
Why is Fama French model a risk model
How to calculate Market Return based on an own sample?
How to obtain data for Benford's Law analysis?
What are the benefits of using Dupire model
Estimating French and Fama 3 - factors for global markets
SABR ATM volatility
Certifications or training for a market maker
Mutual Funds: NAV vs Price
How should we calculate the duration of a convertible bond?
Demand Function
Is my coding for my kalman filter off when testing this specific set of pairs?
Crash cliquet price
Fama French sorting
Brownian bridge with time varying volatility
The duality of the free energy and relative entropy used to deduce deduce the stochastic game between an agent and the market
IBrokers: How to assign trail amount for order type 'TRAIL'?
How to show that SABR is log-normal for $\beta=1$ and normal for $\beta=0$?
Forward implied vol vs Instantaneous vol
The leverage effect for futures contract
tracking error or R2?
What are the known flaws and limitations of OptionMetrics data?
Using above par zero coupon bond to build a zero coupon curve
Oscillating errors in finite difference Black Scholes
Dealing with weekends/gaps in financial data
Overlapping Data
Local volatility implied by implied vol surface
Markovianity of the short rate process in the HJM framework
Monte Carlo model with multiple assets step by step
Forecasting time series data using auxiliary information and associated questions
Can prediction of realized volatility for next day improve delta hedging (gamma scalping)?
Why is the number of accrued days equal to one on coupon dates for NL/365?
A question about stationarity and ergodicity
Option price of a future
Implied AUD Interest Rate from USDAUD FX Swap and USD Interest Rate
Why do we need to calibrate vega?
ESTER replacement for EONIA/EURIBOR
Kenneth Frenches Data library return data to price data?
Returns vs log returns formula
API for Earnings date
Option order imbalance
Equal Risk Contribution portfolio scipy optimization not working
Cost of equity proper way of calculation
Infinite horizon agent in Avellaneda-Stoikov model
Comparison of normalization methods on market returns
What is the difference between a moving average crossover and a moving average of returns?
Expected value of delta-hedged portfolio
Calculating historical Volatility for the Black Scholes Model
How to prove the following relation of Conditional Value-at-Risk and Value-at-Risk?
Why futures pricing not calculated like options?
Integral of Brownian Motion w.r.t Time: what is wrong with this solution?
heding bond risk with swap
Usages of variance swap
Which areas of statistical physics do not get enough attention in quantitative finance?
Why can a deterministic portfolio only grow at risk free rate
How is internal risk transfer different than moving from banking book to trading book?
Estimating realised gains given growth rate and churn
Inherent Limitations with Respect to HFT Hardware
Order books theoretical price
Remaining variance and historical variance in Black-Scholes with term structure
Alternatives to Elliptical and Archimedean copulas for modelling dependency structure between stocks
Does historical backtest data mean anything?
Basic Replication of European Call Option
What discount rates should I use to price municipal bond with unknown market price
Procedures to follow when VaR model fails backtest
Bond and Stock Relationship
What is the Probability Distribution of Max-Drawdown?
Exact definition of effective daily federal fund rates
How to use QuantLib in C# easily?
Why do we require a continuous volatility calibration while pricing Options
Blockchain real life applications
EURIBOR zero rates vs forward rates to project future income on a bank's loans
Methods to improve systematic strategies
reconstructing Russell 2000 returns
a property of zero coupon bond in Brigo/Mercurio's "Interest Rate Models"
Should factor signals decay?
Verifying that the extreme value copula is indeed a copula
Calibrate SABR-LMM using only data from Bloomberg?
Market impact, why square root?
How does inflation impact stock returns? Academic examples
CAPM: Bond index as proxy for Rf
Lottery calls on municipal bonds
Unconditional correlation in CCC GARCH
When to Choose FX Swap or Forward
Price of a stochastic game between an agent and the market
Why do Treasury Futures settle at maturity with higher yield-to-maturity than the corresponding spot rate?
Future expiry day of month rules
Why do we need approximation in option pricing?
Pricing methods in the real world when there is more than one free arbitrage price
Xccy without back notional exchange
Utility functions, are they used in the real world by hedge funds, banks, etc?
How is FX cross rates options are priced?
Replicating portfolios
Daily idiosyncratic volatility?
Is forex trade set up where profit target is twice as far from stop loss is good strategy?
Need help to interpret the definition of a diffusion process
Approximate Hagan formula for SABR model with negative beta
Kurtosis in GARCH
MPT Efficient portfolio /Asset allocation
How to calculate "portfolio cumulative return" from individual price data and weight of them?
Compound 3-year returns to obtain 10-year returns: How to do?
Mean-Variance portfolio: How do I compute the variance when the portfolio is normalized
How do I calculate the spot rate?
VaR calculation using excel gives different value than VaR using R at all c values except at c=0.5
Research on the performance of listed subsidiaries
Pricing a call option with pay-off function max{$S_T - S_{T/2}, 0$}
Prove that a market is arbitrage free
Private Equity Fund Return (IRR)
Swap Curve and Forward Libor Rates
Bootstrap zero curve source of information
Credit Default Swap transaction data
Risk aversion and risk-free rates
Deriving Dupire's Volatility Formula : Why $\lim_{s \rightarrow \infty} (s-K) \frac{d}{ds} \big[ \sigma^2(T,s)s^2\phi(T,s)\big] = 0 $
Questions on CDS
suggestion for NDX volatility index prior to 2000
Intuition and reasoning behind conversion factor calculation for bond futures
Value simple chooser option as a sum of call and put options
Cumulative Return on Futures
Calculating excess returns
Cash-or-nothing and Asset-or-nothing price derivation
Relation Between Yield Curve, First Order Derivative of YC and Forward Rate
Barrier Shifts - necessary for up-and-out call / down-and-in put?
Change of numeraire between T-forward and Bank Account
Calculate drift of Brownian Motion using Euler method
Correlated GBM and OU processes
Why does computing correlation between index levels vs. percentage changes yield completely different results?
Historical tick data level 1 and level 2
How can currency (USD/TRY) be going up without having a candle before that would close under it?
Quadratic variation of an integral of a function of a Brownian motion
How is forecasting volatility useful?
How to calculate riskless profit out of call options?
Is there a proxy for S&P 500 market/pricing inefficiency?
goodness of fit metric
Theoretical distribution of (geometric) Brownian motion (with drift)
Spot/Next and Tom/Next FX forward swaps
Regarding the post-facto predictability of stock market returns
Fourth moment of a itos integral
Simulation VaR and CVar assuming Normal Distribution
Probability Density Function sign problem when using Call Price
Headquarter Relocation and Stock Return - Influence of Universities
Futures options data
Volatility clustering and Behavioral Finance, possible explanation
What if CAPM cost of equity is negative?
How accurate are Black-Scholes estimates of Vega, Volga, Vanna
Convert Short rate from HW simulation into Swap rates
Difference between settlement of Eurodollars and FRA
IRR for irregular cashflow in and out
From one period to multi period risk neutral pricing
Average monthly exchange rates causes translation error in consolidated books
Valuation of repurchase agreement (classic repo)
Why is Ito applied this way?
Why my implementation of CRR model does not converge?
selecting key performance indicators for a stock
Why Can I not estimate a CVAR from Heston Model
Convertible bonds pricer - implementation
Interpretation of IV and its use in stock movement prediction
Pricing Uneven FX Swaps
continuously compound forward rate formula
Determining the Relationship Between Monte Carlo Breaks and Model Volatility
Relation between OIS rate and discounting rate
Hedging with machine learning
Of what use is this implied volatility formula?
What is the value/price of a bond paying floating rate
Inflation Lag Bond Valuation
Hull White help needed
Why we can't lower a volatility of a portfolio (without changing expected return) by substituting a zero beta stock with a risk free asset?
Calculating Sharpe Ratio with dynamic position sizing
How are FDE's implemented when one wants one particular price?
How likely it is that a strategy profits are explained by luck?
Cointegration between daily time series and intraday time series
Does Academic Research Destroy Stock Return Predictability?
How to calculate the expectation of Poisson process when its intensity is also stochastic
if the​ risk-free interest rate​ increases, and nothing else changes, is the market portfolio still efficient?
Calculation of Information Ratio
Predicting stock returns with GARCH in Python
Approximation of Forward Rates in discrete time
Consumer Price Index (CPI) Inflation Impact on Price of Securities
Euler discretization with jumps
If by selling short assets, you get extra capital for your longs, can you actually be dollar neutral?
How to get historical fed funds futures data from Bloomberg?
Volatility Index for Industries
Why does it make sense that $S$ and $e^{rt}$ are solutions to the Black-Scholes PDE?
How to apply derived beta to daily change?
Which stock price to take for historical ratios in stock screener (EPS etc.)?
Using Bloomberg API on Excel to find a stock ticker change/acquisition
Annualized actual probability
How are Interest Rate Swaps Quoted
Geometric brownian motion and sudden price drops
Which securities have expirations more often than monthly?
CNY IRS Fixed Vs 3 Month SHIBOR. Can any one please confirm the curve practices ?
Markowitz expected return time
condition of risk neutral pricing
Gordon's dividend valuation model: Ignoring optionality
Static hedge forward swap using zero coupon swaps
For using finite difference on PDE, what should the grid be?
Comparison of various improvements to Hagan's SABR formula?
Swaptions Gamma Interview Questions
Why z-spread differs from CDS spread in 1 period example
Extreme Value Theory for Value-at-Risk: Advantage versus historical simulation?
What is the instantaneous FX rate and used for a FX Forward?
Delta neutral strategy using a combination of put and call options
Duration split: treasury curve vs spread duration
Collateralized Bond Obligations History
Contribution to Return - from security to portfolio
How long is considered `long-term'?
Python package for option pricing models?
target correlation for portfolio
SDE for option value
SABR: implied vol formulas
Cash deposit in replicating portfolio for BS equation unnecessary?
Suggestions of papers for computing market implied probability distribution function
Question about quadratic form of f* in the Continuous Kelly Criterion
Differential of integrating factor $d(e^{at}r_t)$ in Vasicek model
Track an index with futures only: what to do with the cash?
Proof Black Scholes Theta
How does Kenneth French create the industry portfolio returns?
Should there be a relation between stocks when used as input data for integrating Technical Analysis with Machine Learning?
Differential product Correlated processes
Bloomberg's Open Market Data Initiative
Calculating Compound Annualized Rate of Return (Negative Mantissa)
Finite difference: move forwards or backwards?
Daily returns to monthly basic question
Expectation of option value
Find a relationship between the present value and future value of an annuity
Creating value weighted portfolio returns. How to handle missing data?
When estimating P/L through greeks based on zero rate curves, does it contain time (theta) PNL?
Bond PDE under an Affine Jump Diffusion model
Delta One Trading business
Duration of a FRN in continuous time interest rate model
Discounted free cash flow valuation
Estimating daily volatility of unevenly/irregularly spaced time series data
What causes the spread between WTI and Brent
Arbitrage free smoothing of volatility smile - cubic spline - implementation procedure
Decreasing value of the Put option with increasing Time to maturity
Delta-Gamma VaR question on inputs (do I need only one delta or the delta for the past 500 days?)
Variance-Covariance VaR: how to get the volatility?
Expected VIX at different levels of SPX
How is payment calculated for a mortgage when already missed one payment (D30)?
Fractional Brownian motion references
How is the performance measure computed here?
Implied volatility for American options- time to expiration?
Hedge ratio with non-whole betas
Choosing observations/sample selection in behaviour credit scoring models
Unit exposures to Country,Industry and World factors in Fundamental Factor Risk Models
Total Returns From Adjusted Close Prices
Linear interpolation of local vol no arbitrage
Computing Montecarlo VaR for a single asset
Limit order book cancellations
How to identify buy walls and sell walls from a limit orderbook?
Model of asset substitution/risk shifting in continuous time
Wrong understanding of implied vol cannot be linear interpolated
Imputation of missing returns
Markowitz optimization - can two sets of returns produce the same set of weights?
CVA - Where does the default probability (PD) come from?
What does risk tolerance represent for utility-maximizing optimization with linear constraints?
Intuition for the Effect of Vol of Vol in Heston Model on Volatility Surface
How to calculate the covariance between two stochastic integrals?
pricing a CMS Swaption
Barra covariance matrix construction
Analytical formula for the moments of SABR model?
How does an exchange guarantee both legs of a calendar spread are executed atomically to give a specific spread?
Discrete time option gamma hedging
Market Invariant for Commodity Futures
Why 10-year versus 2-year spread?
Correlation sensitivity of Rainbow options
Forecasting default rates using a macroeconomic model
Why are interest rate swaps the most popular interest rate derivatives
Vol surface from Bloomberg API
Is there an arbitrage strategy if short selling of a stock is allowed?
Reconstruct yield curve from principal components
How many decimals of accuracy can I expect from FDM and MC (both valuation and risk)
Arbitrage from ATM option trading?
Risk neutral valuation formula
Position Sizing Algorithm for Multi Asset Portfolio
Time series analysis for stock prices
Calibration of parameters of implied vol smile
Realized volatility forecast vs Implied volatility
How to add Ticker column to Quandl API call?
GARCH(1,1) and Value at Risk: Rolling window or non-overlapping samples
FX Hybrid Model with Smile
Asset pricing model factor need to be excess return?
Covariance and Beta: can anyone explain this calculation?
Interpreting ACF
How can I estimate the time-varying θ term in the Hull-White one factor model?
Derivation of CIR interest rate model
Interpreting the ACF graph
How to understand the role of stochastic differential equations models in finance, in particular in managing portfolios?
Black and Normal Model for Caplet using Python
quant software for trading, one in all or pretty close to that
Showing that a market model has arbitrage and describing martingales
Confused on Portfolio's Net Exposure
Options on realized volatility / variance
Pricing LIBOR options
Fama MacBeth cross-sectional Regression
Positive theta on a long put?
Hedging jump models with a infinite number of derivatives
Relationship between asset volatility and debt and equity value
Issue with chart.RiskReturnScatter in performance analytics, need finite 'ylim' values error
Is the Market Portfolio on the Markowitz Efficient Frontier?
Equivalent martingale measure exists if and only if $a < S_0^1(1+r)< b$
PE ratios in regression models - How to deal with unprofitable companies?
Can two bonds have same yield and price but different convexity?
Hedging Value-Financial Mathematics
Regression techniques for bermudan Monte-Carlo
Construct a butterfly interest rate portfolio to eliminate PCA exposures
Natural Gas Modelling
Does GBM stock price model have E[S(t)] unaffected by volatility?
Clean vs. Dirty Price and its impact on duration
Where can I download for free the entire price history of the nasdaq composite and s&p500 indices?
How to calculate "Differential Sharpe ratio"?
Eurodollar Future Key Rate Duration
Determining cost of carry for a future in Euronext.com
Ito isometry of variance of integral on interval [t, t+1]
TermStructure/Evaluation Dates in Quantlib
Duration adjusted credit spread
Sending order to Forex or Stocks from Python strategy
Modern market conventions for interpreting interest rate swaptions quotations in a negative interest rate environment
How to price a barrier using monte carlo when return distribution is not iid?
Interpreting Fama-French factors for the German stock market
Why isn't a quanto adjustment needed in this case?
Effect of mean reverting Volatality in Black and Scholes?
Calculate unsystematic-risk of a firm in a regression with SD or R2?
Alternative derivation of the Black Scholes formula
What exactly is meant by a parameter in the context of algorithmic trading?
Simulating assets of different currencies
QuantLib: BondFunctions.zSpread does not match clean price "exactly"
Pricing a Double Knock In Option
Multi Period Return Table
For equity options, does the implied vol change if the price of the underlying does?
Is short-gamma inherently a losing strategy?
Expectation of the product of two Brownian motions
Time to maturity of a bond not divisible by payment period
No-arbitrage in term-structure models
Bond Index Return from Yield Curve Data
Optimal allocation problem by finite differences
To what extent are Lévy processes used in financial engineering?
Sample from aggregate portfolio distribution versus individual asset distributions
Why are there so few published research papers that apply Deep Learning to Algorithmic Trading?
Explanation of VWAP
Characteristic function of CGMY model
can a country replace its debt with a low interest loan?
Scenario generation for Value at risk: How to interpret the scenarios
Compute tangency portfolio with asset allocation constraints
ESG score for shorted stocks and for long-short portfolio
Getting over bid-ask bounce
Arbitrage possible with negative rate of interest?
How to construct a risk parity Portfolio by fixing the portfolio volatility on a desired level?
Which market developments are we likely to see within the next years?
Fractionally Integrated GARCH
Some questions of precious metal Futures
Are Kenneth French Research Returns log-Returns?
How does one price the market value and estimate the fair value of a bond futures roll?
Sample distribution of cross-sectional statistics of returns
Kalman filter state/measurement noise
Market making: Predicting when to submit a bid at the ask
Practical applications of financial instruments with infinite lifetime
Why does the YTM equal the coupon rate at par?
Do option contracts inherit the currency and exchange of the underlying?
Variance of integrated dynamical system
Transform Fama French Returns to Euro
Ho & Lee yield curve fitting with zero coupon bond market prices
How to Parameterize a Bond Yield Curve?
how to trade interest rates outside G10
How to go about computing RSI?
Zero Coupon Bond prices in One Factor Hull White model
R: backtesting with path dependencies
How to hedge a short VIX position with SPY
Variance Swap : dividends and rates
Why does an increase in eviction court filings result in an increase in REIT returns?
ATM call option delta with low volatility
CME Eurodollar Option qoute
Reference: Journal on Risk Measures
Loan Level Data for Residential Mortgage Backed Securities
why bridgewater filing only shows 10 billion in AUM
Can you take the mean of risk-free rates in (ex post) portfolio optimization?
Log returns of individual assets and calculating portfolio returns
What is, here, the relationship between "compound" and "arithmetic return" and "volatility"?
Question regarding coupons for government bonds
When modelling ARCH/GARCH effects, do we use excess returns?
Given a factor which is correlated to price, how to generate trading signal?
Black-Scholes IV from Characteristic Function
Why are implied volatility and the volatility required for an option to be profitable two different things?
Probability of default: issuer vs volume weighted
Statistical estimation vs Stochastic calibration of models
Removing stocks from simulation based on long term out of sample performance
Autocovariance of increments of a semimartingale
Testing which index is a better benchmark to track stock prices
Calculating idiosyncratic risk of stock without beta or risk free rate
Cointegration and Ratio Pair Trading
Black Scholes on Eurodollar Options
What does instantaneous forward mean?
What's the logic behind 3-10 UST yield inversion predicting recession?
Why do most interest rate formulas, and indeed finance in general, add 1 to a rate and then subtract afterwards?
Mean-cVaR model: How can one include transaction cost
Datasource of all scheduled news events for S&P 500 stocks
Libor Market Model Implementation
Paper recommendation with examples
Auto-covariance function of station time series
Quantitative impact of Dodd-Frank Act on risk management
Does the Asian Option (average Option) depend on the forward implied vol
implementing Volatility Managed Portfolios
Differences Between Portfolio Daily Average Returns
What is the influence of inflation on the Wacc?
Delta hedging with futures
What is the logic of the eigenvectors of the Johanson cointegration test determining hedge ratios?
For the Brownian motion integrate
Portfolio Weight Sum and Negative Weights
Convexity adjustment--Assume sport and futures rates move together?
The deflator of reinsurance market is unique
Characteristic function and distribution of a random variable
How does LR binomial Tree Model handle input values which would cause NA result?
The same expectation means martingale?
Bayesian trade probability with factors
Asian basket option variance reduction control variates monte carlo
Question about Stochastic Calculus,(change of measure)?
Why rise in repo rates leads to increase in forward bond prices?
Basic questions on options, implied volatility and SPY
Merton's portfolio problem with constraints
Bond Overall Return vs Yield to Maturity
Heston model computations
CIR calibration
Insoluble Enigma
Arbitrage on Libor and swap market
Prove unique arbitrage-free price implies attainable
"J" message type in Nasdaq ITCH Totalview sample file
Collateral Mortgage Obligation Z-Tranches
arbitrage free volatility surface
DB quant research
How to interpret CDF($d_1$)/PDF($d_1$) from BS model ?
Interpreting the bid-ask spread calculated by the Corwin and Schultz (2012) method
Calculating the diviend yield for a sector?
Solving BSDE in R
What's a reasonable way to extrapolate a bond curve?
Levy process and random measure
Is there any open source library for commodities trading (pricing/risk managment)?
Derive a mathematical equation for Eurodollar future rate
Synthetic equity index futures calendar spread using options
What is the use of undiscounted Futures/Option Prices
Most profitable? High % but low probability or Low % but high probability
Why is there a convexity adjustment if the payment date differs from Libor end date?
How to calculate monthly momentum strategies J6K6?
How to justify the martingale condition
A hitting time of an open set for a càdlàg process is a stopping time
Bond is maturing in 10.25 years, YTM calculation
VXX Put pricing
Vasicek model: joint simulation with discount factor
Bulk Volume Classification Algorithm
Interpretation of Market Price of Volatility Risk
What actually drives a stock price up ou down?
Resource to learn about Long / Short Commodities portfolio
When a stochastic volatility model is calibrated?
Yield Curve Trading Strategy Explaining Books
How to compute gamma for at-the-money regular calls and puts when they approach expiration to avoid explosion of portfolio's gamma?
Crossing the spread as a ML signal
Filter options used in the construction of implied volatility surface
Properties of an iTraxx index
How to match future price from the market with the one computed with a model?
Value at Risk Calculation
Black-Scholes to Diffusion Initial Condition
Tracking historical short interest
Who trades exchange options in practice (Margrabe's formula)?
RiskMetrics VAR calculations and conditional distribution of sum of log returns
Are bitcoin futures daily settled at T+1 or is there another mechanism?
Confused by Solution to the Expected Profit when Hedging an option using Implied Volatility (from Wilmott 2006)
Valuing stock employee compensation securities
Johansen Cointegration Test in R
Swaption annuity factor
Why should we use log returns? Log normality
What are common risk controls banks use when utilizing Trading Algorithims
Integral of Wiener process over time
Compute distribution of a stochastic variable
How to find basket of stocks that are the inverse of yet another or ETF (never short)?
Is being a quant as easy to look for high paid jobs as before
How to calculate annualized simple returns and annualized simple standard deviation given historical daily data
Fama Frech SMB factor and testing for size-effects on the market
How to calculate number of round trips given volatility?
About buying and selling a cumulative parisian options
Is R suited for a Quantitative Finance executable application
Data request: Option prices for a liquid index/stock
Random Walk with normal increments and n time periods why is the increment $\sqrt{(t/n)}$?
Search for all bond with particualar fields in bbg terminal
SEC TO-C filings - existing sites that compile these filings?
What are the benefits of publishing papers in mathematical finance/trading?
Why can derivatives be viewed as a portfolio of the underlying and the riskless asset?
variance unsystematic component
Risk neutrality coherence with risk aversion
Short position returns with negative NAV
Basic question on USD Interest Rate Swap
Shrink covariance or correlation matrix
Most Recent Stock Return for a Machine Learning Project
Simulating compound Poisson jump-diffusion process with time-changed jump frequency
implied volatility indice and implied volatility
Basic Question on rate hikes priced in through Eurodollar futures (EDF)
Splitting theta from vol carry
QuantLib - Synthetic deposit/FRA rates in yield curve
Multivariate Hawkes Process Simulation
How to determine the cross rate in a triangular arbitrage
How to buy a stock as close to the marketopen price as possible in NSE?
Merton's Jump diffusion model: Specify poisson rate
Black Scholes to Heat Equation - Substitution
Work hours as a quantitative finance worker
Why do constant maturity bonds account for modified duration?
How to reasonably aggregate returns across both different assets and different time-horizons?
Getting rate from a share's given futures price, with known dividend information
How to determine the optimal start capital for a strategy?
Discounted asset price is martingale in BS model
Positive convexity swaptions
Uniqueness of Risk-neutral measure: Probabilistic view
Keep Saved IB Historical Data Accurately Adjusted
Least-Squares-Monte-Carlo by Neural Network Estimator for pricing American Option Python
Continuous Time Asset Model in Higham
Technical Analysis in HFT
Full Revaluation vs Factor-based Model for risk management
Kelly criterion for normally distributed returns
Looking for a paper related to tail risk of hedge funds and its decomposition
Distribution of time integral of Brownian motion squared (where the Brownian motion occurs in square root time)?
Calibrate a SABR model?
SSVI parametrization motivation , SSVI implementation
Mean Variance Investment problem
CAPM - market portfolio vs real portfolio
Mean Variance optimization on hourly data with gaps
ATM strike Heston model
Monte Carlo VAR with differente asset classes
Why does Kelly maximise $E[\log\space G]$ rather than simply $E[G]$?
Calculate asset allocation given "long and short" optimized portfolio weights
Financial forecasting and Optimal order submission
Poor results forecasting stock price volatility using Python's GARCH model
Value-at-risk and Equity delta
Markowitz portfolio risk with PV01 instead of variance
Fair value of a binary cash-or-nothing option with a barrier
How rapidly should estimated volatility and volume change for estimating market impact in small markets?
Modeling independent variables that have an asymmetric impact on the dependent variable
Good references on Heston Model?
Fama French 3 model factors for German equities
How is volatility different from variance?
Can you model the LIBOR rate as a geometric Brownian motion?
Delta hedging/Gamma PnL
The choice of portfolio in the proof of the Black-Scholes formula
Intuition behind one factor Merton model for probability of default?
How to express a process using Itos formula
Can the historical probability be the same as the risk neutral probability measure?
In search of nice (approx) function forms of the volatility of cumulative simple returns
how to derive the cost of carry formula
LIBOR Market Model - tenors?
why gamma decreases when option is deep in the money?
Probability ITM formula for options
Portfolio Variance - Explanation for equation : Investments by Zvi Bodie
Calculate New Portfolio Weights Given Today's Returns
Iron condor with positive vega
Reference Request: state of the art references on risk measures
Monte Carlo simulated price and Black Scholes Price are giving a huge difference in my Matlab code
Market Portfolio Optimization
Do you use seasonally or non seasonally adjusted index in analysis
Application of Ito's lemma
How to check if $ E [\exp \{ \int_0^t \frac{Y_u^2}{1+Y_u^2}du \}]< \infty $
Difference between volatility measures of a basket of assets
Smoothing of Implied Volatilty
Python book on derivative pricing
Modelling HFT data
Quant Interview Course
How did Dickey and Fuller know something was wrong?
Seagull Spread payoffs
Volatility surface fitting, interpolation and extension from sparse data
Implied Equilibrium Returns Example
Rolling Winsorization for Time-Series
Short sale and zero investmest strategy
What are the underlying events that the random variables map to the real line in the derivation of the Black-Scholes PDE?
Which stock tick has its geometric asian call?
Transformation of random variables and second-order stochastic dominance
Trade sizing with market making and the volume of uninformed trades
Show that $(W_t, \int_0^t W_s ds)$ has a normal joint distribution
Arbitrage-free calculation of flat term structure out of normal term structure for e.g. pricing european options
Best database source to download large number of stock prices
Which proxy is the best to calculate daily risk free rate for a capital asset pricing model?
What do I call the combination of two or more prices when doing arbitrage?
How modern portfolio theory(MPT) and CAPM are related?
Calculating beta when holding market portfolio
Volume or Dollar bars vs. volatility normalized and demeaned financial time series
Dealing with Inventory Risk - Paper
Fama Macbeth regression and portfolio sort result contradiction
Is Ledoit-Wolf Shrinkage with a Constant Correlation Prior Reasonable for a Stock/Bond Mix?
VaR of ARCH model
Bloomberg SWPM: Day count to calculate discount factor for US0003M
Is this the correct way to forecast stock price volatility using GARCH
Reference request for research on the maximum drawdown **ratio** (NOT value)
Justification of Levered ETFs?
Literature on return sensitivy in respect to: growth, risk and profitability
Calculating value of bond
Butterfly Arbitrage condition
Proper maturity in the Merton's model
ETF Replication
Do you optimise models on bootstrapped time series?
Commodity Asian Swaps
Free E-books for students on Volatility Models
Bachelier Pricing Formula for Interest Rate Binary Options
Any research on label/target variable design for ML training?
Getting option volatility off vol surface
"Where is my money": CDS Sensitivities, Spreads and PnL Calculations
Estimating an GARCH(1,1) model? Long hand method
Interactive brokers historical data availability
What is the Brownian motion in the model for the return of a stock price trying to capture?
What is forward moneyness and how to calculate it?
definition of mid price in literature
FX Average Forward Pricing
Difference between Stop sell and limit sell
bootstrapping bloomberg
Machine Learnign for Factor Model python
How did this after hours massive NFLX short/long strategy make a profit?
Parameter Estimation of any model
Stochastic integral representation of $F(T-s,X_s)$-type equations
How to derive no-arbitrage conditions w.r.t. the variance of a trinomial tree?
How to prove that $X_s=\int^s_0 f(u)dW_u$ is independant from $X_t-X_s$
pricing of futures
Getbars for matured interest rate products
Equal Weight better sharpe than Tangency portfolio
Arbitrage argument and Market Quotes
Which methods are there to determine the price of futures contracts?
Is it possible to calculate the equity required (or expected) return using Black-Scholes option pricing model?
Where can I get historical data for crypto currencies with one minute interval?
Black-Litterman implied returns using rolling window
Drop NaN in a for loop for each column
Do Reuters or Eikon have intraday exchange rate data for minor currencies?
Examples of discrete math within quantitative finance
Algo trading execution simulation
Rolling sum of conditional variance
Pricing American style Asian option
Pre-requisites for Finance Mathematics
Why Quantlib Option NPV does not change when repricing?
Intuitive description of the Spillover Index by Diebold and Yilmaz
Log likelihood function, GARCH(1,1) with asymmetric term
Stochastic Differential equation: CAPM
European put options
How can I approximate the hedge ratio for Inter Commodity Treasury Spreads?
Position sizing for a mean reversion strategy
Retail Algorithmic Trading
Good References for Treasury Futures Spreads
Bond ETF vs Bond Future for longer term holding
How to calculate risk of portfolio in last part
Are Credit Default Swaps used by B2B Service providers or Vendors?
Algorithmic Trading: Normalization and Selection of Technical Indicators for Artificial Neural Networks
Can you use GARCH-MIDAS for intraday data?
Pricing an Asian style forward contract with early exercise feature
How to calculate market capitalization weights for a currency portfolio?
Black Scholes Replicating Portfolio Riskfree Asset
Trading against a loser flow
GARCH Parameters Standard Errors
What are the trade offs when choosing a long term bond future to trade?
How to measure the practicality of a market portfolio for long-term investment?
Black-Litterman proof with P=I and Omega=tau*Sigma
Question about inverse leverage etfs
Expected turnover from rebalancing
Creating yield curve from exchange-listed products only?
Value function does not converge when applying the general value iteration adaptive dynamic programming
When does funding cost of a portfolio enter into the portfolio's present value?
Monthly Discount Rate in NPV Calculation
explanation of factor tilts that uses mathematical notation
Single vs Multi factor interest rate model
Rolling forecast using GARCH model
Is there a quantitative definition of a Quiet, Moderate or Accelerate market conditions?
Change of measure price put option
How to count [and report] the values of significance at 1% and 5%?
statistical arbitrage using PCA
Cross Product Ratio Analysis
Binomial Model Implementation Trouble - American and European options come out equal
Holding Period Return abnormally high
Is it possible to estimate the average convenience yield on brent crude oil for 2018?
Limits of integration when applying stochastic Fubini theorem to Brownian motion
What is the economic reason for the equality in value of an American call and European call?
Bimodal option pricing based on P.D.F
Hong Kong stocks and HSI - Turnover and market cap in HKD?
Benchmark values for exotic options with highly nonlinear boundaries
What is the benefit of High-minus-Low as in Fama French model?
Historical intraday data
Pairs trading strategy: Portfolio returns and NAV
Dependency of an option price on time till expiry
negative values in geometric brownian motion
What is the order flow imbalance?
When calculating theoretical futuresprices for oil, how do you calculate the storage costs?
Return on Investment for rolled options position on margin
Does the CAPM use the single index model?
Do linear combinations of two efficient portfolios cover the entire efficient frontier?
value of forward contract at inception
Maximum Sharpe Ratio Portfolio
replicate option by dynamic hedging
SquareRootProcess in QuantLib - Python
Why no prepayment fee for the reverse mortgage?
Vanilla Option Prices from Local Vol Surface (using neither MC nor PDE)
Investment evaluation benchmarks
Understanding and simulating the jumps in Merton's Jump-Diffusion SDE?
Term structure of the ATM implied volatility of short term weekly options
Why does a higher stock value imply a higher call option value
Monte Carlo simulations of stock price percentage change rather than stock price
How to calculate mean and volatility parameters for Geometric Brownian motion?
Calculating the pricing error in Fama-Macbeth Regression for Fama/French 5 Factor model
Drift term in rough volatility models
Conditional Expectation with Indicator Functions for Poisson Process First Jump Time (Option Pricing PDE)
Shifted Log-Normal model
Market Making in Long Only Dealer Markets/Odd Lots
Best features and tools over a short time interval
FRTB SBA Delta calculation for GIIR
Does your Parkinson volatility ratio work as Taleb explained?
Evaluating Fama French 3 factor model Using Fama Macbeth
Expected shares filled from a limit order
Simulated Sharpe Ratio Calculation for Leveraged Portfolio
Produce volatility smile/skew with G2++ model
How to test the linearity assumption of a model?
Greeks and options hedging
Why "profit factor" is used to compare trading strategies?
Hedging treasury bond with Eurodollar futures
Reference books for interest rates modeling?
How do I change the time zone in the interactive brokers API?
Comparing short selling profits across positions
Why is the yield return preferred to the price return for selecting hedges for bonds?
Book recommendation on portfolio managment
Barrier Option from binomial tree
If the value of a call option is not dependent on the drift of the stock, why does a higher stock price mean a higher call option price
Put Call Parity Arbitrage Question
Volatiliy in a at-the-time call option
Fixed Income portfolio type
How do I compute Value at Risk of a European call option?
why $f(t,u) \neq E_t^Q [r(u)]$ when $r$ is random?
Functional Analysis or Ordinary Differential Equations?
How does the FED calculate SAAR for GDP?
CDX funded vs unfunded returns timeseries
Decomposition of interest rate risk
Co-variance of Portfolio A with Portfolio B
Methods for calculating Expected shortfall
Portfolio Delta - long call, long put and short call
How to modify binomial tree to incorporate one more asset?
Failing Jarque-Bera test but residuals looks normal on q-q plot and histogram
How do you numerically solve the Dupire Local Volatility PDE in log moneyness-time space?
The "Universal Model" by Justin Sirignano and Rama Cont
Alternative Method for Determining Option-Implied pdf
Interview question on interest rate spread trade
Trades vs Cancel orders
Is the sharpe ratio calculated taking the standard deviation of the portfolio or of the excess return?
How to determine the risk-neutral measure in a Heston model?
QuantLib CDS pricing error: negative time given
Trading Jargon - Interest Rate Swaps / Bond Trading
European put price when stock price is 0 before maturity
Formal proof market incompleteness under jump diffusion
Whats the big deal between volatility and the risk free rate?
How to measure effectiveness of CDS hedging
Is studying R quantstrat worth the effort for an individual trader?
Zero-rebate barrier option pricing under the Heston model
Reason for stale sovereign CDS spreads (e.g. Greece)
Is there a more efficient data structure to implement binomial trees than 2d array?
Risk-neutral density from spot prices?
Markowitz portfolio optimization and CAL
QuantLibXL no intraday pricing, even with QL_HIGH_RESOLUTION_DATE enabled while compiling
The conditional mean of a product of standard Brownian motions
Convolution of generalized hyperbolic distribution
Another variation of the 'Sharpe ratio' in CVaR-based portfolio optimization?
Predicting microstructure momentum in market making
A positive Sharpe ratio when portfolio loses money, can that happen or bug in my code?
Binomial correlation measure in the trivariate case
Hedging a CDS sold
Black Scholes modified boundary conditions
Valueing a Short future contract with dividens
Value-at-Risk for a portfolio model with Gearing
Creating a hedge portfolio out of 10 assets
Transform of payoff function $w_c=(\sqrt{y}-K)^+$
Expected payoff at future time
Do *all* non-dividend paying assets have the risk-free instantaneous return rate under the risk-neutral measure?
What are the different indicators to measure historical volatility for stocks on individual basis?
What should the half-life be in EWMA when calculating VaR from EWMA?
Variance swap volatility - ATMF vol, Skew and Curvature
Curve Building + Swap Pricing
Does it make sense to subtract VaR from spot shocks?
Martingale positive price process
Principal Components Analysis on overlapping contracts
Convert Continous Signal to Discrete
Markowitz models with uncertain returns
What is the trickiest thing to get right in Rates Quant recently (2019)?
Does WACC not depend on the cost of debt?
Inflation of Bitcoins
Measuring bond fair value (richness/cheapness) using basic regression models?
Implementing leveraged Risk Parity Portfolio using Direxion 3X ETF
Derivative of the stock price and volume at time t
What is the best source to get 10 milliseconds time-series data for numerical computation?
Some definitions in the BARRA Predicted Beta model
How to interpret DV01 in terms of PCA equivalent?
Disalignment between global standard deviation and mean of rolling standard deviation
CMS Pricing - Convexity Adjustment by Replication
How to perform cross-sectional asset pricing regression?
Getting a list of all trading days?
Why Good forecasting != Good trading?
Does a shift in prices effect Margin on Futures and their options?
Calculating Risk of Portfolio of Futures/Future Options
Filter the NASDAQ stocks for investment
Detecting leading stocks using lag correlation
kolmogorov backward equation intuition
Maximum Sharpe portfolio (no short selling restrictions)
Bond dynamics in Ho Lee model
Why is there inconsistency in WACC vs unlevered return?
Stocks listing inside a Google SpreadSheet
Ultra Powerfull Vibrato Montecarlo for delta sensitivities of a not regular payoff
Errors on Finite Differences + Implicit Scheme + Black & Scholes
After hours data - Interactive Brokers
Stock spilt not reflected in historical data
General to specific approach to modelling
How to estimate market based PD and LGD for small enterprises?
What kind of ARMA-GARCH model is that?
Residuals Fama MacBeth Regression
Conceptual explanation of the relationship between gamma and vega plotted against delta for a European call option
Do you have any examples of 2 assets that are non linearly correlated? And any models that calculate portfolio risk based on non-linear correlation?
Why use par-value weighted average when valuing portfolio of bonds?
Positive quadrant dependence
Why don't I get this right $\frac{d}{dt}\mathop{\mathbb{E}}\left[ e^{-\int_t^Tr(s)ds}|\mathscr{F}_t \right]$
Why was a buy position not closed at the seller's price?
How to derive and interpret the duration of a call option?
why calibrate volatility and fix the mean reversion
Is SABR being used in practice for Equity options
Risk mapping a zero-coupon bond portfolio
How to check if a portfolio has momentum bias
Random variable minus Integral of Ito Generator is a Martingale under what conditions?
How to take back-tested code and convert it to forward-testing code? (in Python)
Are Fama-Macbeth R-Squared (R2) just assymptotically correct?
Bid-Ask spread in Roll's model: Negative autocovariance of returns and informational content
Standardized numerical values for ratings
What are industry-standard terms for MBIS "situational bid"?
Naked options selling
How to calculate one-year forward one-year rate?
Calculating WACC for Google, What should be Market Risk premium
Binomial Tree Option Pricing Model. Lets talk dividends and futures
How can we compute the daily drop in gross basis?
(R-studio) Incorporating overnight returns in high-frequency data
Any video lecture on copula function, a statistics concept for measuring dependence?
MLE error in R: initial value in 'vmmin' is not finite
Arbitrage when risk-free portfolio earns less than riskless portfolio
Data Sources for Timestamps of Individual Trades
Relationship between diversification and standard deviation
How to calculate the fair value of a futures roll and what are the practical uses?
Greeks Intraday Characteristics and PnL of options
How to compute cumulative performance of a portfolio with two equities?
Carry and Rolldown of a Premium bond
Error in QuantLib-Python when I use function "Bond"
What preprint repositories are available online?
Is there a robust way to calculate stock beta or factor exposure that's specific to crashes?
Finding the limit $\lim_{n \to \infty} P_0^n$ for a European Cash-or-Nothing put option with $P=K^2\cdot \mathbf{1}_{\{S_T < K\}}$
Estimation of Risk-Neutral Densities Using Positive Convolution Approximation - Python
PCA for Risk bucketing
Criteria to assess the possibility of corporate bankruptcies in U.S. equity exchange markets
Backtesting :: Migration to Simulated / Real-Time Trading
Basic book on stochastic calculus, Itô and jump processes and Brownian Motion
Cash vs Deposit Rates
What is the reasoning behind 'terminal time' in market making literature?
RQuantLib: BermudanSwaption(): effective date later than or equal to termination date
Preferred Stock pricing model
Defining an objective function for machine learning task of trading
Group name for currencies, equities and other financial products
Bounded solution for a SDE
Is American option price lower than European option price?
forward + displacement
Face Value of SOFR futures
How to find the tangency portfolio using quadprog in R with different risk free rates
Are Indices Regulated
Valuing an interest rate swap using a par swaps curve?
A Soft Problem: Application of Stochastic Differential Equations in Hilbert Space Beyond HJM Interest Rate Model
Fractional cointegration in R
Dynamical Behavior of Hurst Exponent
Optimizing Investment Portfolio
What exactly is a contract's "trading class"?
continuous stock price
Longstaff-Schwartz, special american option simulation using Python (numpy package)
Efficient frontier doesn't look good
Example of Coherent Risk measure with Compact Representation
Threshold to consider the daily change of a bond price unusual?
Monte Carlo VaR w/ Multivariate Normal vs. Parametric
How to compute the dynamic of stock using Geometric Brownian Motion?
How to calculate the price of an asset using Black-Scholes equation?
Bayes Theorem with change of measure
American-Bermudan-Asian option fixed strike using finite differences
How to get the probability of exercise call option in Black-Scholes model?
Can the value of a swaption at any time become more negative than the swaption premium?
portfolio information ratio calculation on daily returns including hedged strategy results interpretation
Are there recommended books/readings for advanced option pricing
Why can only non-dividend paying assets serve as numeraire?
Fitting Function for Skew
Sticky Strike or Sticky Delta
Risk neutral modelling of a stock
What is the true "value" process of American derivatives?
What is the second derivative with respect to price of a put option?
Effective Annual Interest Rate (EAIR) in a 12-month loan
Asset pricing and dividend discount model
Where can I get some Inflation Option example quotes (year-on-year and zero-coupon)
Hidden Markov Models for Higher frequency trading
SABR Question: Why does the market take the beta parameter as a constant?
Finding Lead-Lag Relationship
The VaR of a portfolio with Student t returns
Binomial Trees vs FDM
Why currencies and futures contracts can be considered as assets with known yields?
Calculate the True daily Time Weighted Return
Is there a way to pull SPX index option open interest daily data?
Why is it more accurate to simulate ln(S) rather than S?
The Free Boundary SABR: Natural Extension to Negative Rates
QuantLib FuturesRateHelper how do I input Future type = 'ASX', the 'IMM' date check is causing Runtime Error
Volatility surface tenors
Optimal Portfolio from Efficient Frontier
Flattening a Credit Loss Curve
Mixed local-stochastic volatility model in Quantlib
Explicit Euler stability for the Heat Equation (FDM)
Correct beta weighted delta options formula?
Question on bond pricing
Data: Why is a firm stock delisted?
Getting $df(t,T)$ when given $d\ln P(t,T)$ and $f(t,T)=-\frac{\partial}{\partial T} \ln P(t,T)$
Rebalancing order on trading pairs
Basic fixed rate bond pricing issue in Quantlib
Nonlinearity in returns?
Alpha decay for strong vs weak signals
Standard GARCH(1,1) model with external regressors
Granger Causality Equation between daily Carry Trade returns and daily Stock Market returns
Compare portfolio variance using different regularizers
Option value with different spot prices
Differential of integral of Wiener process over time
Replicating the EIOPA equity index for the symmetric adjustment of the equity capital charge in Solvency 2
How can I calculate the amount of volume to use to ensure highest profit on an arbitrage trade of two Constant Product Market Making exchanges?
Measure of a Brownian motion = normal distribution?
Regularizers to compute Minimum Variance Portfolio weights
Why does risk-neutral price processes do not, in general, compose all arbitrage-free price processes?
Port a model dependent swaption sensitivity to a new model
Mixed-Frequency VAR -packages
Historical VaR for shares in foreign currency
Understanding how to calculate Hedge Fund Net Asset Value (NAV), and getting a better grasp of the business purpose of a Hedge Fund NAV
Which data provider do you recommend?
US 10yr future and ED future
Using QuantLib Python to value FX options using stochastic volatility
Is there an advantage trading options based on deep in the money Open Interest Volume ratio
Question about Fama Macbeth Regression (Confusion about paper)
Advantage to access "non-display data"?
Hedging strategy for American Option
Barrier Option Valuation
Which performance evaluation measure to assess "Connectedness Matrix" based porfolios?
Stochastic Long-Run Mean Instantaneous Variance in Heston Model (and extensions)?
Derivation of VIX Formula
Market Making Algorithm/ Strategies
HJM model Baxter Rennie: differentiating the discounted asset price using Ito
Equity Derivatives Question
Probability and statistics in Quantitative Finance
Compare two distributions for forecasting returns
Probability of Default from Altman Z-score
GJR-GARCH model using garchFit function
Stateful Technical Analysis Indicator Libray For Python
Most significant research articles for practical investors with research perspectives
The VIX Flip Indicator
R: Calculating cumulative return of a portfolio
What is market standard model in equity, FX and interest rates exotics?
is relating bounds to relation between time to maturity and european put option price correct?
Question about co-skewness
John Ehlers - Forward Reverse EMA indicator calculation in pandas
Multi-period portfolio allocation: Time-inconsistent approach
Quanto basket payoff
Exotic option arbitrage
IMM Swaps - Accrual & Fixing Schedule
Approximation of CRR as Black Scholes PDE
Architecture of a global pricing library with immutable payoffs
How to Compute the payoff of Var Swaps, which I have replicated
Monte Carlo Method for American Call Option (No Dividends)
Bond discounting conventions
Relationship between CML and SML
Concentration risk in Rates
How does one make money from CVA (Credit Valuation Adjustment)?
On quadratic covariation
Feller Condition (Cox-Ingersoll-Ross) source
Tick Imbalance Bars - Advances in Financial Machine Learning
Calculating weights of tangency portfolio
How to hedge a perpetual barrier option?
Deriving default probability from CDS spread via stripping
Fama-French 5 factor model interpretation of coefficients
Using SVI model for IV surface
Neural Networks for Estimation of Unmarked Private Asset Returns from Market Data
SDE of futures price under non-constant interest rate and volatility process
Quantitative model for investing in ETFs
Black-Litterman risk aversion
Inverse Problems in Finance
Is it Possible to replicate SPAN?
Spread Duration weighted OAS vs. Mkt Cap Weighted?
Comparing Values of 5s and 7% Notes (Security Analysis by Benjamin Graham)
estimate cost of equity (Re) / required rate of return using DCF
Prove ρ(X,Z) = ρ
Calculation of duration based on spot rates
USD OIS curve. Why is the the bid bigger than the ask for maturities > 7 years?
Deriving sources of return (over.) extrapolation from surveys
Adjustments for Multicollinearity in Returns-Based Style Analysis
stress testing zero coupon yield curve
Ito's Lemma for this problem
Spread duration and spread risk for a T bill
Are extended SABR models useful for options with non-negative underlying
How to hedge PLN account on Interactive Brokers
What is a counterparty risk trading desk
python scipy optimize minimize arguments for Implied Volatility
Pricing an fx option in the same currency
Negative theta in Log-linear stochastic volatility model
calculate portfolio return with one long position and one short position
Correlated stock prices and geometric Brownian motion
CRSP VW index price data (not return data) - where?
Multivariate Markov Regime switching GARCH
Constraints for a Long-Short Mean Variance Objective Function
Break-even volatility for delta hedge portfolio
What is the intuitive explanation for the spot risk in an FX swap?
Risk-return ratio using ML default probability
Effective duration and recalibration
Annualisation of Downside Deviation
Change in CDS and counterparty
What does Volatility Smile tell?
Why can the t-bill rate forecast stock returns?
Uniqueness of the Hedging strategy
Should one calculate CVA even when exposure is negative?
LSV model calibration with only few quotes per maturity
How to numerically simulate exponential stochastic integral
QuantLib - Discreet Dividend Binomial Two Rate Option Implementation
Probit and Fama-Macbeth procedure
Fitting Gatheral's SVI model
Value-at-Risk theory papers
Option pricing models relation between theoretical and actual price
How to calculate the daily rate of return for an actively traded account
What's the difference between the short rate model projection and the 3M forward curve?
Forward rate versus 10 year constant maturity swap
If S(t) is geometric Brownian motion, what is the distribution of S(t+h)-S(t)?
Return On a Spread
Calculating the interest portion of a loan between two dates
Replicating the square of an option $C^2 (S,K,t,T)$
Spot trading: exact mathematical definition of the positions for a portfolio
How to solve for K when setting the differential of a vega option with respect to K equal to 0?
Permanent or long-term (months) market impact of large trades in stocks / equities
Portfolio Risk-Return
city level data in bloomberg
Expectation and variance of standard brownian motion
Get data from Yahoo or google finance
Is every filtration a natural filtration of some stochastic process?
How equity dilution could be profitable for short sellers?
CDF&density of stock price modeled by standard brownian motion
Simulating stock prices with and without intermediate paths
Objective function: as close to equal weight as possible
Importance of filtrations that are NOT natural filtrations
Two barrier options puzzle
What is the price of the European option with the payoff of $\max(S^a-K,0)$?
American Option Exercise
Is it possible to model path-dependent clauses using finite difference methods?
Difference between timing option, end of month option and wild card option of bond futures
Statistical procedures on comparing the four Asset pricing models
Reference material (EV/ betting game questions) for Quant Hedge Funds Interviews
How can we value NPV for a standard FX Swap?
Historical options data for FX/FI
What are some unanswered questions or unexplored areas in financial mathematics?
How do you interpret Level 1 data to a list of transactions/trades?
Deliver Futures before last trading day
What is the purest way to get exposure to Jump risk premia, is there a jump swap
Extract historic share prices for certain securities at certain points in time with Bloomberg Excel Add-in?
How to perform Shanken (1992) correction for errors-in-variables issue?
Profit and Loss on delta-hedged portfolio
Raw interpolation when the desired term is out of the know originals
Calculating QuantLib IborCoupon with / from given index fixing
Pricing an exotic with barrier at discrete times
Call Option Overvalued and put-call parity
Application of Itô's lemma - Forward process
OIS, Fed Funds Rate and Working
Kalman Filter for Multiple Regression?
Moneyness for Cancellable Swaps
Can we generate(in high dimension) uniformly distributed variables in a finite volume other than a cube?
Quantlib-Python: use zero rates to get the originally bootstrapped curve
Termstrc data preparation from Bloomberg terminal
CDS ISDA model/Bloomberg
How to optimize a series of equations whose outputs are a variable of the subsequent equatinos
High-frequency history of oil prices
Autoregressive Distributed Lag Models (ARDL) results analysis
Should Put/Call Parity result in Zero Return or the Risk-Free Rate?
Monte Carlo for Asian Pricing
Inherent volatility of selling longterm options and buying short term options
bayes theorem probability Jar
Eurodollar Futures - ED1, ED2 etc. How to build series?
Quantitative strategies in the Fixed Income space
Options Delta Meaning of Term
Sum disappearing when we assume constant some elements to be constant over time
Possible application of Polya's Urn on Portfolio's Investments?
Any papers on use of convolution neural network for predicting price and hedagability when market making
Tick Imbalance Bars - clarification on T index
Jarrow-Yildirim $\sigma_I$
Interest Rate Futures Question from Hull, 8e
Monte Carlo computational cost
Holding Period Return
ISDA CDS model Upfront Fee
Delta Hedging/ Exchange for Currency Options
Classifying groups of stocks beyond Market Cap/Industry/Sector
Proving Flow Property of Stochastic Differential Equation
Why historical volatility is calculated as N-days annualized?
Finite difference methods for (continuously) strike-resettable American options
Volatility surface for Swaptions
Calibration of Theta, A(t) and B(t) of Hull White 1Factor model
Fitting a forecasting S&P500 roll volatilities
How can I conduct a basic Monte carlo simulation on 2 stocks?
For an Ito Process, $d\ln{X} \neq \frac{dX}{X}$ and $(d\ln{X})^2 = (\frac{dX}{X})^2$, but $d\ln{X} \neq \pm \frac{dX}{X}$
Calculation Error or High Vega? How to interpret?
Backtesting model results, but backtesting output sampled at different frequency than model output
Implied Funding/Borrow Costs in Short-Dated ETF Option Prices
change of measure expectation
synthetic convertible dynamics
Market making in one tick markets?
Need explanation on weird Gamma Behaviour Black Formula
Black-Scholes equation to Heat equation .(Boundary conditions)
Calculating YTM, OAS, etc. in QuantLib with given bond price
Can I make the simple moving average less lagging by this method?
RUGARCH (output) and Residual Resampling using GARCH(1,1)
spline Interpolation on volatility surface not smooth
Interest rates, effect on call price
Pricing Knock Out Barrier Options by solving Black Scholes PDE (MATLAB)
Performance Call on a Futures
How are asset backed cryptocurrencies priced?
Credit default swap replication by corporative bonds
Short time to maturity behaviour of implied volatility
CFD broler spread as indicator for stock market
Is there such a thing as resonance in economic underliers?
Quarter-end repo spike (Why not lock in longer repo)
Bloomberg - Index Constituents over a period of time
Gaussian copula: contract price
Some basic examples for Granger causality
How to get historical daily index values from Bloomberg Terminal?
SABR for swaptions
Distribution of simple returns vs logreturns
Generalization of Macaulay/modified duration under non-parallel shift of spot curve
Introduction of a stochastic discount factor in martingale pricing
Calculation for WACC for commercial banks
Expectation in a stochastic differential equation
Change of measure from physical to risk-neutral under Radon-Nikodym and Girsanov Theorem
Function price output hops around sometimes due to rounding
Optimal stochastic control for geometric brownian motion with numerical solution?
Efficient computing of stock returns taking dividends into account
Avellaneda-Stoikov empirical estimation verification
Why is Plain-Vanilla Bond most common bond in the market?
Papers on synthetic options
Convert Geometric Direct Alpha PME to Arithmetic Excess IRR (PME Alpha / Implied Private Premium)
Information Driven Bars (Advances in Financial Machine Learning)
Do correlated assets affect the price of a portfolio of derivatives?
Strategy for implied volatility
Applying portfolio variance weight based on logarithmic returns?
IPO Valuation: Share Pricing and Number of Shares
Replicating PNLS of FX Portfolio
Difference between tree and lattice approach
Pricing in the Heston Model
What is the fastest common moving average?
How to understand firm option expiration cycle?
How to compute the Carry + Roll-down of a bond with QuantLib?
Annualising standard deviation (monthly, quarterly data)
Running regression to analyse how leverage changes around
QuantLib XL Swap Valuation Fixing Dates
Determine the maximum arbitrage profit from the given contracts
Black Scholes- Options and OIS
Feynman-Kac to derive stochastic representation
Strategy if dividend is lower than expected
Vega for long long-term ATM call and short short-term ATM call
Why is there no parameter for the estimated economic growth of a company in the option price model
How to prove that the expected squared error associated with the optimal combination weight is smaller than the minimum of 2 forecast variances?
American put option. Exercise time is a random variable, calculation of expected payoff
Mean-variance maximization
Factor model and trading strategy in options market
Zero Coupon Volatility data
Achieving desired fx exposure with using minimum pairs possible
Compute the VaR from NPV (Net present value)?
Metric for measuring the "spread" of a copula
Logic behind calculating a Carry Multiple associated with Startup Valuation
Compare ex-post Sharpe ratio of multiple portfolios?
Need help figuring out probability that price will be touched in a specific time period
Funding Treasury net basis trades and balance sheet
fiscal period end date
Rare Events in Normal Multivariate distributions
QuantLib - Asset Swap Cash Flow Final Period
Numerical simulation of Heston model
Understanding the link between inflation and credit spreads
Short rate models
Hull white model Monte Carlo simulation Zero Coupon Bond
Basic CDS terminology
Give the formula for following resulting portfolio process
What is the best GARCH model for forecasting daily stock return and why?
Quantlib CDS model
Copula Correlations
VaR equivalent volatility meaning
R Equilibrium FX using VEC or Behavioural Equilibrium Exchange Rate (BEER)
How to calculate implied correlation via observed market price (Margrabe option)
Static hedge for up-and-out Digital Call
Bjerksund and Stensland model, reasonable minimum value for Volatility?
Formula in Markowitz Optimization Problem (without riskless asset)
Can implied volatility be 0?
What happens in the binomial model if the real-world probability is $0$
How to quantify the coupon effect?
Can someone confirm if I am correct about these numbers on companies' financial documents?
Implied volatility in Monte Carlo models
Asian Options Vs Bermudan Options
How to compute the Net Leverage Ratio for a mortgage
Poisson parameter in Merton's Jump-Diffusion Model to price call option
Dupire Formula question
TWS API Python_Remaining Positions
Looking for a Book
Construct a portfolio of European call options with a certain payoff function
Estimation of Radon–Nikodym derivative from hisotrical returns and option price data
Indian Securities Sector and Industry performance history data
zero-shift SABR vega and re-calibration of SABR
Why Jarque - Bera values are so high? Is this normal?
How to calculate/estimate CLV for our odd subscription-based business model
When to stop training?
Risk-Neutral Pricing with Regime Switching
Does it make sense to combine different modified durations?
Geometric Brownian Motion with Dividends
How to obtain annualized IR from t-monthly IC?
SMB data for 3-factor and 5-factor are different on French's website
Ito Diffusion with Change of Measure
Show that the variance of the portfolio market portfolio is function of the betas of its consituents
Verifying two properties of the Clayton Copula
Cross-Sectional Multi-Index Model
Bermudan Swaption
Commodity Selection Index Derivation
Where to Find Foreign Countries Index Option Data
Efficient Frontier Graph
Can I calculate Sharpe ratio by running over many samples?
Is there a straightforward way to get a "family tree" for a stock?
Are all changes of measures for continuous diffusion processes given by the change of drift?
Milstein discretization of the CIR process
Looking for a dataset with historical SP500 (100) components
Mathematical models for personal finance decisions
Proof of no arb condition after shifting SABR’s rho
Can anyone explain to how Hull get's from the stock returns to continuously compounded stock returns?
Residual Risk and Variance
Deriving interest rate term structure in a short rate model
How to convert a vector of bonds ZC Spreads into default spreads
Alternatives to implied or historical volatility for calculating implied correlation
Duration and yield
Is there a simple, intuitive derivation (using Taylor series) of the following approximation to Vega-weighted Implied Volatility?
Detect trend of an index
Solution to a Geometric Ornstein Uhlenbeck Process $dX_t = \kappa(\theta - X_t)dt + \sigma X_t dW_t$
bond yield forecasting
Should the sum of daily returns be close to monthly returns
Derivatives Trading Jargon
Which are the practical implications that the continuously compounded rate of return can be smaller than the expected rate of return?
Bond spreads - SQASW
Derivation and expectation interchange
Brownian motion for modelling future asset values
Where can I get large dataset
R: Book with extensive examples for either portfolio optimization or volatility forecasting?
Calibration of 1-factor Hull-White model using Jamshidians trick - see my code
Using variance reduction on only some models
Find the brownian motion associated to a linear combination of dependant brownian motions
How much senior debt could be issued?
Using CFNAI index for identifying sample periods
Predicting portfolio returns
Calculating Ex-ante Sharpe Ratio in multi-period setting
When $E[f(\alpha,X)] = f(\alpha, E[X])$
Statistical distribution of MACD
Gueant-Lehalle-Tapia, reproducing figure 4
Errata for Mark Joshi's Concepts and practice of mathematical finance
Difference between IRS and OIS
1 day VaR vs 10 day VaR
Pricing a callable bond
How to build an inflation term structure in QuantLib?
Is it possible to create an instrument on the amount of beds sold within the real-estate market
how to simplify Inflation year-on-year option to Zero-coupon option
Portfolio volatility - Real life application
does anyone calculate substitution risk?
DeMark Indicators
Is there an inverse relationship between (future-spot) price and yield?
serial correlation and CUSUM results
Scenario Analysis - Real life application
Calculation of Bond returns
Solving for Implied Volatility Vega gets stuck at 0 (Python)
Distribution of portfolio values with constant spending rate
Risk Measure-identication
How is a LIBOR Market Model volatility skew determined?
pricing deliverable vs non-deliverable fx forwards
Calendar roll terminology (buy vs sell)
American look Back Option (put)
How to hedge x gamma in callable prdc?
Expected value of stochastic optimization
Local Volatility calculation in Python
Computing FX forward returns using spot returns and an existing term structure
where to download current composition of popular indexes?
Achieving an even distribution of orders in the queue
how to test OMS functionality via FIX?
Fixed Income Attribution
Monte Carlo simulations in Python using quasi random standard normal numbers using sobol sequences gives erroneous values
Rationale for describing kurtosis as "peakedness"?
Finding B(t) in the Vasicek model relating to the bond equation, more specifcally from the initial condition
What are some beginner quantitative option trading strategies?
Opposite of Value-at-Risk. Criteria for Optimization
Need to solve the stochastic differential equation of Vasicek Model
Binomial tree for elementary security
Prove Subadditivity - Entropic Value at Risk
Infinite Binomial Pricing no arbitrage
Black-Scholes volatility implied by stock prices only
What is "Lambda" in Heston's original paper on stochastic volatility models?
How to get Forward price based on Put-Call parity?
Extend mean-variance optimisation to fama five factor
DATA for Backtest
Bitcoin dynamics - C++ Simulation
Binomial model option
Question on Gÿongy' lemma proof
Calculate the implied loss rate on a loan, given the interest charged
A quick and dirty loss distribution and Credit VaR
Linear Interpolation around End of Month (EOM) for IRS with standard rolls
CDS Credit Default Swap PnL
Can a stochastic process be neither adapted to filtration nor previsible?
Definition of the field YAS_RISK for bonds on Bloomberg terminal
Novikov condition for Vasicek process
What's the difference between instantaneous forward rates and observable forward rates?
PCA predicted yield curve moves do not match (closely) realized yield curve moves
stochastic volatility and smile
Jump Diffusion Model - Volatility and Mean of Jumps
Modified Sharpe ratio
Historical quotes / prices of multiasset options
Philosophy of Financial Risk
What's the difference between demand elasticity and demand volatility?
Which Maximum Diversification Approach in MATLAB is correct?
No-arbitrage and the sharpe ratio?
What's the logic behind binomial model ups and downs?
How do I calculate from discountfactor to zerorate in Python using Quantlib
Log of square of Geometric Brownian Motion
Self financing strategy and repo rate
Gold forward price
Transactional costs for shipping in % based on futures market price
Error in Yahoo! adjusted prices - The case of AAPL
Options on EuroStoxx Dividend Futures Data
Sharpe Ratio - How do I calculate my risk free rate from daily yield data?
Extract market features to decide when to deploy or stop strategies
Bregman Mean of a Distribution
Sharpe testing in R
Theoretical justification for why estimating intrinsic value of a stock price can be different under FCFF and FCFE approaches?
Fair price of a coupon paying bond
Replication of "A model of competitive stock trading volume"
Estimate the off balance sheet exposures of a banking book, based on limited data
What is a quick way to estimate the haircut on a collateral that is actively traded
Geometric Brownian Motion unable to model / predict jumps
Volatility smile shows individual Put and Call IV or combination
Utility-based portfolio optimization
Does E[max(x, y)] equal to E[x|x>y]*P(x>y) + E[x|x<y]* P(x<y) when x and y are not independent?
Maximum Diversification Strategy without risk free asset
Backtesting EGARCH-NIG CVaR in R
General assumptions for var swap replication
Exposure at Default (EAD) models with and without the Credit Conversion Factor (CCF)
How to calculate the Maximum Drawdown for a portfolio in MATLAB?
Risk-aversion parameters estimation in utility functions
Proof that IRR(A) < IRR(A+B) < IRR(B) ? Ie that the IRR of two cashflows together must be within the range of the IRR of the two cashflows?
Possible first rate cut by Fed - spot vs forwards
Calculate forward discount factors and forward reference rate when discount factors are known
How to migrate Octave Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm to Accord.Net (C#)
How to calculate Spot Rate with interest rate
Free Call Option
Why do we have to use in-the-money paths in LSMC, and how?
Predicting stock returns using principal components of macroeconomic variables
How to calculate leveraged ETF rebalancing?
Tools related to Granger Causality
When should we delta hedge?
Local volatility model equivalent reformulation
Can we get the portfolio size approximation from the PnL?
Deriving the risk neutral probability with the arrow debreu Price vector
Analyse correlation between LIBOR (quote in yield) and MSCI AC World (in dollars)
Multiple layer Monte Carlo Option pricing
Interest Rate Sensitivities of a FRA
Please explain Heston Model parameters meaning
Put call symmetry of put
Is there an arbitrage free option model that treats volatility as a deterministic function of strike?
fPortfolio specify our constraints for efficientPortfolio
Combine fundamental and market data into one ML model
Question on earning per share
Lower MSE results in less profit when using Machine Learning
Why are thousand-ish-factor vendor risk models not extremely overfit and inaccurate?
simple question on bond futures pricing formula assuming continuous compounding
ETF performance/returns
Why can't I take the Value at Risk "VaR" as a a risk objective in PerformanceAnalytics? (it does work for "ES)
The conditional expectation of a geometric brownian motion
In Arrears Swap - what accrual period applies?
Problem with Hurst exponent estimation for ARFIMA models
Can you derive fx correlations given the historic correlations of base pairs
Do daily price limits on futures lead to loss of momentum in the spot price of the underlying asset?
when a co-integrated times series pair has broken the leash
Connections between logistic regression, information value and Kullback-Leibler
MBS Market Duration & Convexity
CMS BondEdge "cash flow testing" (forecasts) and market values
Risk/Return Paradox in Markowitz Optimization?
Why are KRDs calculated by shifting the par curve?
Fama-French 3, Carhart 4, Fama-French 5 Factor models return borderline 0% R2 (max. 6.6%). Time series regression
Ho-Lee short rate model under the Heath-Jarrow-Morton framework
Discrete term structure models - generalized procedure to ensure positive probabilities across multiple measures
How to calculate YTW (yield-to-worst) in QuantLib?
Why do some exchanges require clearing participants to post margins for cash products?
Pricing a power barrier option
FX Rates and Bond Yields
Getting Dow Jones 30 components data
What is a robust method to determine if the stock's market price is below its intrinsic value and can be bought in a Fundamental analysis perspective?
Bootstrapping - why PAR instruments
Would it be fair an exchange where priority in the order book is the fee paid per share in the order?
What should I learn/know before reading Investments by Bodie Kane Marcus?
Hull-White zero-coupon bond price does not depend on the volatility?
S. Bossu's Correlation Swaps Model
GARCH(1,1) one-step ahead volatility forecast biased, higher than Parkinson's HL volatility
Security value based on futures contracts of a traded and non-traded assets
How to determine the order of convergence of the Euler-Maruyama method?
currency pegging & FX reserves of central banks
Dependence of implied volatility on spot-vol correlation
Expectation of Gamma times S$^2$ in Black-Scholes model
Financial Statement Analysis
Convexity Adjustment on sensitivity computation for Futures
What adjustments need to be made to Heston model to price futures options?
Unconditional Expectation vs. Conditional Expectation at time $0$
Misunderstanding of time series autocovariance
Negative vega on IR swaptions mid curve
Is this a good (partial) autocorrelation or bad?
Regression model: short vs long history
Log transformation of TS-stationary time series
Question on Local Volatility
Implementation of Generalized Hull-White interest rate model
How to compare performance of a German stock
Averaging Correlation Matrices based on different Periodicity
Practical Use of Copulas and Sample Generation
Negative rates, what is assumed for short caplets to derive implied volatilities on long maturities
Effect of Vol-of-Vol on VIX
How does this transformation for Euler Scheme in mean reverting SDEs alleviate instability?
Why isn't this IV calc correct?
statsmodels's granger causality tests return value
How to improve fitness and turnover in websim?
Convolution of Dependent Random Variables with Copulas
Treasury Futures Wild Card Option equation
How would you do valuation of a bear put spread?
How to account for intraday seasonality in GARCH model?
Macaulay Duration Calculation on LIBOR/Swap term structures
Compute Utility From Portfolio Holdings Over Time
Kirk Spread Approximation, Greeks by Finite Difference
Why does Black Scholes formula give inconsistent dimensional analysis result?
How do market makers manage to sell a large number of shares at the end of a trading day without a significant reduction in their price?
CFTC Futures Market Positioning
Jacobs and Levy: Enhanced Active Equity Strategies
How to measure specific risk charge?
Problem finding correct SDE for Stochastic Process
Continuously Compounded rate less than a discretely compounded rate
Deriving the black-scholes formula for the European asset-or-nothing call option
Source for derivation of acquisition price for given IRR and cash flows
One Period Binomial Option Valuation Model
Implied volatility as break-even delta hedge volatility
Determinant of index implied vol
Pricing forward start Cliquet option with implied volatility with Dupire
Geometric Brownian Motion - Price Probabilities
Historical Simulation of Bond, Stock and Option Portfolio
Python libraries for Monte Carlo simulations?
Fit a copula model in R
Longstaff Schwartz algorithm
Calculate best share based on return of investement and standard devation (Without risk free rate)
PCA: How to select a smaller set of the original features that best represent first PC with minimal contribution to the other PCs
Ito`s Lemma problem
Volatility of a stock basket
Understanding delta based strike selection in an Iron Condor
How to find sector/industry and market cap for securities in my portfolio using R?
Forward Start Spread Options
Calculate return for a set of securities downloaded using quantmod
Are there any quant strategies which do not involve simultaneous buying and selling of two or more assets?
How can I manually calculate the VAR of a call and put portfolio?
Calculating spot rates from forward rates
Calculation of Combined IRR
Hedge cost Exotic payoff
Generate scenarios of multiple related parameters
How/Why Markowitz model is normatitive while CAPM positive?
Accuracy of Euler Monte Carlo discretization without knowing exact solution?
Different Forms of Geometric Brownian Motion
Parametric Simulation of FX forwards
Negative Cost of Debt
PCA on a portfolio of spot and forward contracts
how to avoid building a strategy that depends on very long trends
rationale for maturity adjustment formula in basel IRB formula
Constraints by estimating GARCH, EGARCH, GJR-GARCH models
GARCH, EGARCH, GJR with different distributions
sharp ratio/sortino ratio for options portfolio
Tangency portfolio with constraints
Expected Payoff of stock using risk neutral Valuation
Value of a put > strike?
Calculating the max. risk free interest rate with two given options
How does the Black Scholes Model Incorporate Log Prices Into Model?
Reducing pricing errors (Alpha) in the CAPM with Bitcoin
Using Non-Risk Neutral (Risk Natural) Parameters to Price Options?
Delta hedging pnl to recover option price
Why financing costs are ignored in capital budgeting of projects?
ARCH; Expectation and Variance
Perpetual bond valuation between coupon dates
Pricing a transfer option for oil
A volatility model developed by JP Morgan
Rationale for likelihood function parameter choice in Black-Litterman model?
Numerical Solution to 3 Dimensional Backward BS PDE
Are pure PIK bonds' payoffs known from the start?
Multi-legged Swap pricing
Finding the extrinsic value of an option with conditions
How to calculate a prepayment penalty on a mortgage
Calculation of Conditional Expected Value and Pay-Off Diagram
Python Numpy FFT array size limit?
What is the model behind Heston-Nandi functions in the fOptions R package?
Log Contract payoff function
Time weighted Vega for a VIX future contract
Why not just be long VIX and wait for the next volatile period?
CRR model arbitrage free
Expected value of exponential of hitting time of GBM
Cross currency basis swap for bonds
Term structure model for exchange-traded STIR futures and their options
Discontinuous derivative payoff approximation
Stress Testing approaches at Pension Funds/Asset Management companies
Finding optimal trading of option on a foward
Quantitative Finance books for Practitioners
Cross currency swap basis with USD added on the covered interest rate parity (CIP)
Hedging with different volatility (Ahmad and Wilmott paper)
Why not discount the dividend in the european put lower bound condition?
In-sample volatility measurement
Does Vasicek interest rate model had any derivation that follows from a list of assumptions?
How to apply multiplicative price seasonality to bond prices in quantlib?
Pricing under risk-neutral probabilities for weird derivatives?
Leverage constraints
Why don't we build the discounting curve and projection curve from bonds
Calculating PD of commercial bank loan
Mean-variance portfolio optimization: methods for superior estimates of returns
How do you hedge with delta futures if payment is unsure?
Transaction costs in option market
Pricing call option on bond under CIR model by simulating noncentral chi square distribution
Portfolio - Default Probability
Is it necessary for $P(K, t) - P(K + s, t) \geq se^{-rt}$ to hold?
Understanding the ZABR model (an extension of SABR)
Longstaff Schwartz with future conditional coupons
Forecasting a seasonal series with R
When a bank enters a swap with a counterparty, when does it decide to use a OIS curve as its CSA Term, versus a counterparty specific "CSA Curve"?
Is it possible to adapt Fama French Model with a 6 factor Model?
Distribution of the Information Ratio // Mean and Variance Product
Covered Interest Rate Parity with FX Spot-Adjustment
Constructing Portfolio Beta
Why can we assume that asset return rates are normally (or lognormally) distributed?
How to add Risks-Not-In-VaR (RNIV) to VaR under Basel III
Why no median-CVaR optimization for portfolios?
Approximation of portfolio VaR (after mapping) when Delta and Gamma both equal zero
Brownian motion from price-series, what is the time step?
API returning company tickers found in provided news article
Relationship between Tracking Error and Beta to benchmark
What are some scenarios where trading a risk reversal makes sense?
Best practice approach for computing beta
Problem in copula fitting
Do companies' Reuters Instrument Codes (RICs) change over time?
Solving the sde under the Bates Model
Vasicek and Extended Vasicek Model
How should one hedge option positions on the date of expiry?
Relationship between tick size, tick value, and contract size?
Risk neutral interest rate calibration
From risk limits to pnl projection?
What's Hedge Curve Template
What stochastic process produces Student's t-distributed returns?
Real World pricing of a Constant Notional Cross Currency Swap
Stochastic solution (mean, variance) to lognormal drift and normal volatility
Portfolio calculation for 20 currency pairs
Floating coupon rate based on sales?
Preference Shares and free float
Predicting time series using Jump Diffusion model and Neural Networks
Wheres is this method/notation of option portfolio payoff design from?
Filtrations and the different "kinds" of pre-knowledge
How to create an Efficient Frontier graph with one constant asset at 5% of the portfolio and two other assets fluctuate between remaining allocation?
Why are FRA/futures convexity adjustments necessary?
Ito formula (lemma) problem
Correlations between different baskets of assets
Extreme Value Simulation from Copulas with Monte Carlo
Issue involving arbitrage conditions
Fitting to Market Data in Extended Vasicek / Hull White
Parameter estimation and calibration
Delta hedging theta pnl
How to work with vine copula in R?
Barra Equity Risk Model Methodology
Joint time series model of dividends and stock returns
Pair trading: Hege ratio by price ratio or by regression on the stocks
Why quote call options in terms of implied volatility of the Black-Scholes model?
How can I graph futures options profit/loss when the options have different underlyings?
Expectation of $\frac {S_{T_2}} {S_{T_1}}$ at $T_0$
Sticky Delta Property - Heston Model
How to verify sticky delta property on a stochastic volatility model
Value of a European Call option with Infinite maturity
Calculating historical volatility and returns from bond yield
What are the go-to textbooks for advanced quant finance topics?
Condition expectation calculation examples and theory
Calculation of IRR Given Stage Assumptions
Fractional derivative returns on a VWAP series?
Correlation between Two Factor Gaussian Shortrate Model and Black Scholes Model
Anyone need a daily Ticker to CIK mapping?
CVaR formulation
What exactly does shifting a barrier in a barrier option mean and how does it hedge delta?
Factor-Based Equity Investing
What is the earliest mention of ROE as an asset pricing factor?
Effects of hedges on counterparty exposure used for RWA computation
Correlation between stock prices given correlation between returns
PD for ECL modelling
simple SABR model & negative strikes
Understanding methodology behind the covariance bucket vega
Vega computation in a stochastic volatility model
Model calibration volatility surface
Transforming non-normally distributed interest rates for OLS regression
Square Information Ratio
Average portfolio correlation vs. external metric
How to retrieve greeks and IVOL historically for listed options (using Bloomberg)?
Is there Carry Effect for Cash Settled Bond Future
Crisis in in-sample period
If historical returns are no indication of future returns, why are they still shown to investors?
Fama French Three Factor
Deriving Single Index Model (Market Model)
Random Portfolios vs Efficient Frontier
Which machine learning model rely on the normality assumption?
Standard ways of simulating order books
Basic question about swap/swap spreads
Option price with underlying growth rate distinct from discount rate
What 10 year bond data to use when making a risk/return scatter plot?
Expanding window vs Rolling window z-score
Brownian Motions theorems
Arbitrage strategy one-period model
Swaption : Bloomberg Black implied volatility quotes and pricing in the Black model
ARMA-GARCH estimation with EGB2 distribution
European Knock-Out Option with European Barrier
Extracting Risk Neutral Default Probabilities using Option Adjusted Bond Prices
Calculating dealer gamma imbalance/exposure for an options strip
Optimal investment mix of equity and debt in a single company, HY vs IG
Estimated betas and optimal portfolio
Which convention drives what the result of "30 august 2017 + 6M" should be?
Small difference in IRR, big difference in NPV?
Do cash accounts contribute to exposure?
Determine same issuer from a list of ISINs?
Proof of the Hull & White Model calibration
CDS, default probability and bond price
Equal weight correlation swap payoff derivation
Treasury futures cost of carry and P&L
Swaption valuation across time using vcub
Widely accepted methods for coming up with the co-variance matrix of assets?
How to calculate optimal portfolio using sector constraints in python
relationship between notional amounts of volatility swaps and variance swaps
Difference between local volatility and implied volatility
Forward swap rate calculation from the market
Credit Scoring model IV max value
How to price the american options using local volatility
Is there any good research on daily technical indicators?
What type of fund is this?
How to properly hedge a short vol taking into account hedge stop loss?
Hedge ratio: hedging a portfolio of global equities with futures
Options Pricing and Mean Reversion
Correlation of spark spread
Stochastic process with determinstic frequency of regime changes
Price at equilibrium in a market with arbitrage opportunities
Alternatives to irr function in Matlab to calculate internal rate of return
Why do I get a curved line when I plot "implied interest rate" on the strike price?
Retrieve SYC from Par yields
Standard Deviation: Probablity analysis
In sample and out of sample in Mean Variance Optimization
linear model of price changes
Proving that YTM > Current Yield on Discount Bond
Help understanding methodology of doing market expectations error analysis
How would one go about verifying a factor model
Continuous formula for the price of an asset paying one terminal dividend?
Interpretation conditional volatility plot
negative correlation between EBIT and sales in Altman's Z
Calculating Correlation of Two portfolios?
Exponential Smoothing - Alpha greater than 1
What is the effect of covariance on the dynamics of a price
suggestions for improving monitoring of trading bots?
BHAR Event Study Data
How underlying asset price variance is connected with time
How to use both yield curve and discount curve to value call in QuantLib
Is there an asset pricing model that actually works? Can you point me to research that test APMs?
How to programmatically define financial leverage?
Testing pricing errors on the SML for significance with R
How can stationary time series data be used as input in an ML model?
When to use which zero curves
What are the main problems for calculating the implied volatility of in the money American put options?
Fast implied volatility for american options
A crash course in pricing
Efficient market hypothesis vs random walk
Does adverse-selection have a time-frame associated with it?
List of interesting Quantitative Finance podcasts
Gatheral's SVI implementation in Java/Scala
Estimating monthly GDP growth based on quarterly data
Crank–Nicolson for Discrete Type Barrier: Backward propagation
In a multi-curve context which numéraire is used to change to the payment probability of a forward asset X paid at time T?
Convexity in interest rate curve bootstrapping
Valuation of Callable Bonds
Pension funds co-investing with private equity?
Term structure equation in the Vasicek model
Where can I get the actual info about how many stocks are there in markets all over the world?
Least Squares Monte Carlo
Is there a method to interpolate the volatility smile?
Modeling mortgage loan defaults
How to solve these SDE Problems
Newbie question on Net Present Value with Constant Growth
Units of measurement for Minimum Variance Hedge Ratio
Calculating management fees paid during the last 12 months
transactions costs and leland modified volatility
Mean directional accuracy and zero
Fixed Income Portfolio Optimization
Estimating a Yield Curve in a country without Bond Stripping
Is the undiscounted value process of a Euro call option under Bachelier model a Martingale?
Why do Factor Models set up their factors differently from regression?
How to comprehend this notation?
Does EFP (Exchange Futures for Physical) Involves Cash Exchange?
How to prove martingality of forward rate under T-forward measure
How to calculate necessary gain to compensate a loss in a financial transaction?
Are questions in Joshi's book really asked at Quant interviews?
What is the easiest way to learn Option pricing with PDE?
How is hypothesis testing work in population sampiling?
Annualization of higher order Co-moments
Why the variance of a process is $\left( \frac{dS_T^2}{dt}\right)^2$?
Why is the volatility of an Ito process not the square root of its variance?
what are the underlying transactions for SOFR?
What mathematical theory is required for high frequency trading?
BHAR Event Study - Index
Getting sets of random correlated variables
Proof standard Brownian Motion under change of measure
American Put Option Pricing
Hull White Equation Derivation
high quality daily data
How would one go about pricing a FX future?
How frequently is local volatility calibrated to implied vol surface, in practice?
Dependence modelling in Finance
Practical Skew Model For Equity Options?
Yield Curve Flattening Trade
Pricing structured products (Mortgage Backed Securities)
Why doesn't tenor of Euribor index change spot rate in Quantlib?
Option Prices on Thomson Reuters Eikon Database
What is the basis for the ansatz here?
why we seldom see application of copula-garch model in macroeconomic
Geometric Sharpe ratio
TurnbullWakemanAsianApproxOption function in R not very clear to me - tau
Multi-factor vs Single-factor interest rate model for XVA / CCR
From Libor Curve rates to "forward" zero-coupons
CDS Quote Conversion - Quoted vs Par
Has there been studies done on changes in model performance post-crisis?
Discounted self-financing portfolio still a self-financing portfolio?
One-day Binary Event Implied Moves
Interest Rate Assumption (Ornstein - Uhlenbeck Process)
Simulating from a multivariate clayton copula
What is upper left vol?
Strange results in Fama-Macbeth regression estimates
Reference on Futures basis trading strategy
Why do we need to borrow money in the call-put parity?
Max allowable return in Markowitz model
Choquet integral risk measure
Half life of Exponetial Weighted Moving Average
How to create a volatile market, by combining less volatile markets?
Symbol "." in the derive of Quanto Adjustment
How is Kalman Filter used to estimate Term structure Models
Difference between modelValue from HestonModelHelper and NPV() from VanillaOption
American Perpetual Put Option
Black's Approximation - Discrete dividend for Put Options
How to forecast monthly volatility with daily gjrGarch estimates
Using AlphaVantage For Japan/Shanghai/Hong Kong/Shenzhen stock exchange data?
In-sample and out-sample backtest performance, how to do this?
Constant Maturity Swap dates and conventions
Simulating volatility process in the Heston model using the relation between the CIR Process and Ornstein–Uhlenbeck processes
How would one sell a security that they don't own?
Free dividend data API for non-US stocks
How to interpret the (expected) exposure and CVA of an option or a single share
What are good TEXTBOOK on stochastic volatility and interest rate theory?
Why can't we create a "magic" basket of options to sell for no-arbitrage pricing in SVJ model?
Pricing bond backed by collateral
Find arbitrage opportunity in the given market model
Wave Method and Implied Duration
understanding Value-at-Risk correclty
How are open and close price of mini snp futures determined
Barrier option on a basket with arbitrary stochastic process
Don't know if it is obvious, but how do I fit the following model in R?
Is the implied volatility surface relative or stationary?
How is the Fama French 3 factor model used for portfolio construction?
Vasicek model and spot interest rate parametrised by reversion rate
Bootstrapping spot rates based on swap rates using QuantLib
Pricing barrier option under Levy process: Biased estimate?
Value of portfolio with fixed discrete dividends
Risk-neutral pricing and statistical arbitrages
What's the interpretation behind this GARCH modeling?
Data Vendors for Equity Risk Premium, Risk Free Rate and Equity Index Price
Strategic asset allocation research
2 ways to calculate profits, which both seem legit, but produce different results - what am I missing?
How can i fit the following regression in R? Why is the coefficient [second Columns] for R so low?
Investors degree of risk aversion in capm model
Portfolio return with changing assets over time
Antithetic sampling Monte Carlo
FX Forward last day first day premium
Naive question: how do factor models inform portfolio construction?
Measuring returns
Computing option price with rates only
How Free Of Payment (FOP) trade works? How it impacts NAV and P&L?
Equivalence of Put Pricing Formulas
daycount of the yield curve
PCA in PRIIPs regulation for simple floating interest rate
Measuring implied move priced into an event
Building a semi-discretionary system
"BTP ITALIA" Inflation Linker Pricing
Extended Hours Percent Change
Problem at deriving Bachelier formula with interest rates
Equivalent of recovery rate
Sharpe Ratio - Linear Homogeneous
Add a country OAS to a government bond model? (modelling returns of the bond price)
Stock Market API (time and sales)
Is there an official way to access all SICs code for a huge list of CIKs code from Edgar?
Domestic and foreign interest rate; dividends?
Risk-neutral pricing the "un"guaranteed benefits of an insurance policy
Super-replicating and sub-replicating portfolios and hedging
Block maxima estimation of Expected Shortfall
What is the shape of the delta graph of the binary option?
Definitions of bubbles
Poisson distribution and counting process
Why does Yahoo finance give wrong data?
Forward Volatility vs Spot Volatility in Option Skew Models
Developing Markov Transition Matrix
Cross Effect in OLS
Books and techniques to hedge options that expire tomorrow?
Where does this inequality come from?
Factor Loading with multiple exposures?
Why does risk aversion use variance instead of standard deviation?
Treasury Futures Basis Trade - Funding enhancement
intro book to learn trading desk basics like beta, gmv, Sharpe, etc
Why is Delta Hedging a Hedge Against Short Position?
When interest rates go up, why do call option prices go up?
Put-call parity for equity share and debt share
Example of complex structured products on FX market?
Does a combined Portfolio always performs like the average of the merged subportfolios?
Having only 2 Industry risk factors?
Futures data on Quantopian
What models are used to determine credit limits for credit cards?
Has anyone _verifiably_ duplicated Yahoo's real time technical market indicators _numbers_? If so, how?
Definition of an European Option
Credit spread model
Where can I find historical compos for STOXX?
cashflow for floorlet option on 1 month Libor under Vasicek
Testing the significance of active trading strategies other than stocks
What's the point of stochastic volatiliy models if you can use local volatility?
Leverage and Tracking difference
Sharpe Ratio and interest rate
Measuring corporate size relative to world GDP
Is it possible to transform arithmetic-average strike continuous sampling Asian Black-Scholes equation to a heat equation?
How to predict insample volatility with rugarch package?
Simulation scheme for SABR beside the standard Euler discretization
What is the recipe for deriving a PDE for the price of an option?
Is this the right way to compute "realized daily market return variance, annualized, over the preceding 126 trading days”?
analytical formula for FV of fixed rate of a IRS
Vega for Constant Maturity Swaps
Squared returns and volatility
Most efficient way to find Option IV using binomial/BS model
How can the forward risk neutral measure be used to derive Black's model?
Deriving the series for federal funds rate expectations using federal funds futures
Dominating credit risk modeling approaches for capital calculation in banks
Interview Question - Card betting
Constructing an FX forward curve
How to derive portfolio weights from risk budget
Price Alignment Interest(PAI) Convexity Effect
Can an individual hedge inflation that exceeds CPI-U?
Why do simulation schemes have difficulty in pricing options with low spots?
What discount rate should I use in domestic/foreign context?
Volatility Skew Theory
Roll Returns vs Total Returns
What is the best book to learn about local vs. stochastic volatility, modelling and pricing of Exotics?
Possible to have different collateral for each party?
Why does it make sense to be long deep OTM calls on a stock if I expect the share price to jump in the near term?
How do i calculate Monthly French Fama RMW and CMA?
Variance of cash gamma (or dollar gamma)
Why does it make sense to delta hedge a deep OTM option given the very low delta exposure?
Par Yield, Bond Yield and Zero Rate
What are quant trading competitions besides IQC?
Any good book recommendations for learning The Greeks?
In search of double barrier out option on a BM
Does someone share the code about the time-varying copula?
generalisation of cointegrated stock pair strategies to multiple cointegration
What is the cause of a "broken" volatility surface?
Matching the yield on a bond with the zeroRate on a curve in Quantlib
Discrete vs continuous
Pull IDX stocks with alphavantage?
Interest Rate Models cheat sheet - Need for advice
Constructing USD 1M Libor Forward Curve
How good is a "good accuracy" in pricing?
Show that the variance of the market portfolio is the weighted average of the ovariances between each constituent and the market portfolio itself
What exactly does after tax "charge" mean?
Given multiple strategies with their ER, volatility, how would I calculate the combined Sharpe?
Collecting historical coupon data on sovereign generic bonds in Bloomberg
Bond-price dynamics in the Vasicek model
Taylor expansion of stochastic variables with dynamics of the form $dX_t=b(\sigma_t,X_t)dW_t$
Double Heston Model - Gauthier & Possamai prices
Can I use 1M Libor monthly data to estimate Vasicek parameters and use them to price quarterly swap
How do I, as a student, discover whether (new) papers consist of important contributions?
Framework for analyzing transaction history
Does high levels of vol-of-vol parameter in SABR lead to Arbitrage? (Something seems wrong with Hagans formula)
Interest rates impact on forward prices
What is the reason that an American option has a lower volatility than an European counterpart?
Mark-to-market cross-currency basis swap valuation
Prove the following Call and Put relationship:
Intuitive view of conditional expectation
Calculation of the risk free rate
Finding 3month TBill given daily rates
Is there a way to find the settlement date of a coupon bond given its dirty price?
Simple Relation between Put Price and Zero Coupon Bond Price
Determining parent issuer from ISIN
Risk neutral measure & change in numeraire
Variance swap correlation trade
What's some good literature for Fourier transform methods?
Adjust the Capital Market Line For Margin Interest
Dorfleitner's Standard Deviation
Implementation of the Hull and White short rate model
High Frequency Trading in LoB - Sasha Stoikov and Marco Avellaneda
Swap Pricing - Using forward rates vs using par bond after first floating payment
How do Repo traders use OIS and Fed fund rates
API for Stock Exchange and their Indexes data like Bloomberg
Interpolation of SVI Implied Volatility in parameter space
What are the industry standards and rules of thumb when it comes to numerical methods?
What is Yield To Convention?
Zero-coupon bond price under Rendleman-Bartter Model
Expectation of Stochastic Differential
Implied volatility of Treasury options
Compute implied volatility surface of a put option from a call option
Realized Option Return as a Function of Moneyness at Expiration
Day OPEN = prior day CLOSE in S&P 500 index historical data
How much math is needed to understand Fourier Transform methods for option pricing?
Backtesting with Stock Indices, how does one deal with it?
Basic FX-Forwards trading Guide
Labeling Returns in 5 categories based on BL view approach
ISDA SIMM swap sensitivities
Where do the zero returns in QMNIX (AQR Market Neutral) come from?
Ito's lemma for special case
Black Scholes Replication If Underlying Does Not Move?
Equivalence of formulas for pricing the Delta of a European Call Option?
Where can I find the formulas to compute the Greeks for European Call and Put Options Assuming no annual dividend yield?
Swaption pricing and strategies
OIS vs Libor for cross currency
Overlapping vs Non-overlapping returns
Pricing eurodollar futures
Reading List (Advanced Alpha Design)
Intuition behind Implied Volatility Surface
FX Options Greeks: Is there a meaning in converting the sensitivities values in different currencies?
Monte Carlo Simulation with varying expected returns and volatilities
Control variate for pricing a best of assets option : $\mathop{{}\mathbb{E}}[ \max ( F^1_T,F^2_T, ...,F^N_T )]$
Framework for hedging fx and utilizing correlation between asset returns
Pricing with local volatility for derivatives beside options
Duration. Floating rate note
Trading Vol with options
Is $\sigma_{1} = \frac{\sigma_{\tau}}{\sqrt{\tau}}$ suitable for volatility scaling?
Why did high yield corporate bond ETFs tank during the great recession
Will the Delta of an Option always be the same irrespective of the underlying stock price?
Chorent risk measure with superaddative
$\beta = 1$: Simulation of SABR and whether a solution is *exact*
Why does an American option on a continuous dividend paying stock have a critical price above which it is optimal to exercise early?
Portfolio Return Decomposition
Cash Flow Hedge Accounting
Is there any funds that do market making?
Is the Non-discounted Bachelier call option price a Martingale?
Advantage of continuous time stochastic calculus over discrete version?
Spread vol for interest rate spread options in normal environment
Generalisation of calendar arbitrage condition to options on futures
Portofolio optimization using ARMA-GARCH-EVT-Copula
is there a specific design pattern in C# to model a yield curve into the NS model?
Valuation of Cash-Or-Nothing option
Bootstrapping with QuantLib using deposit rates and Swap rates
Arbitrage price and American option
FX Futures pricing formula
Model-Free Option Pricing
Market maker's Operating Model
Really simple question regarding options. (Amateur level)
stock specific volatility
Subadditivity of cvar(R)، R is random vector
Random Forests - Trees vs Predictors
How does the efficient market hypothesis fit with the rapid changes in prices?
For Ito Integrals with respect to a Brownian motion, why would the amount of stock held be a stochastic process?
Momentum factor (mom) weekly
Who came up with 3/2 SV model
Operational Risk Loss Distribution with Insurance
What's the formula to compute the divided difference approximation for the third order greeks?
Black-Scholes vs Blacks model. Which one to use with SABR?
Portfolio Values based on reference interest rates
Do Perpetual American Options have closed form functions to compute the Greeks?
What variables are important to describe a loan dataset?
Why the weight vector of 'global minimum variance' the 'eigenvector' with the minimum eigenvalue?
Applying Interest Rate Shock to Equities, FX, etc
Varswap replication product
Fama French Three Factor Model: How do I get the risk premia?
State price deflator in the Vasicek model
Why does an exchange (IEX) need connection to other exchanges (like information about average prices)?
Why do these Monthly vs. daily plots differ?
Performance Analytics SnailTrail Chart subscript out of bounds error
Useful Book for starting to programming quantative Finance
What data should be used for short-rate in simulaiton?
Local Volatility with Monte Carlo Simulation
mean reversion model estimation - what method?
Tickers of companies included in Euro Stoxx 600
CDS pricing using intensity models incorporating liquidity
Probability that the price of stock following a brownian motion goes under a certain value
How is the pre-tax and post-tax return calculated?
Nearly replicate a basket with a few of its constituents
ETF Market Making
Stock prices and PCA
What methods of Data-Screening are necessary before starting an analysis with Thomson Reuters Datastream?
Hindsight overhedge for pricing path dependent options
How to calculate premium in Black Scholes model with quantlib?
Asian option, portfolio of calls control variate
Market Maker ETF Hedging Strategy
Jensen alpha estimation
Why use the risk-free rate for discounting in a risk neutral world?
What does A(B) mean in time series
How to handle Holidays in Time-Series Datasets?
Nasdaq price index, dividend yields and dividend
Exotic Trading Basic Questions - Banking
Beginner FFT (Fourier) transforms on closing prices for Apple
Rolling seasonal and seasonal reversal patterns factor investing
Insight on how factor models achieve dimensionality-reduction?
SABR Implied Vol: Normal Approximation vs Log-Normal Approximation
How does the implied correlation change when the spot price of the Basket Call/ Put option goes up?
Bootstrapping zero coupon rates
Rationale of Fama Macbeth procedure
Intrinsic value vs Time value of an option: what's the purpose/motivation for their definitions?
OTC Derivatives Moneyness Conventions
Modifying Basic Black Scholes Equation For Time Dependent Variables - Per Wilmott?
How is CPR (re-)calculated for fixed fully amortizing agency mortgage pass-throughs given prior partial prepayments by mortgagors in the pool?
Which curve does the interest rate risk fall in?
Alpha estimation from factor models
Negative Libor Simulation
Currency Hedged Excess Return
Converting 30day annualized vol to 2day annualized vol
Trading 3 stocks X Y Z where X cointegrated to Y, Y to Z, but no other cointegration is available
Binomial Option Pricing Model
Mapping internal ratings to external ratings for a scorecard
What are the best relative value frameworks for Corporate Credit?
How to measure synchrony in financial time series
How do we calculate option payoff before expiration?
Convert volatility to yield
Sensitivity Approximation - Crank Nicolson
The error term of Hagan's approximation of Black's vol in SABR
How to Risk and Return using Carhart 4 factor model
Why do we need event-driven backtesters?
Can someone explain to me the intuition behind the discount factor for this simple payoff?
How to normalize stock exchange indexes
How to quantify the Variance Risk Premium (VRP) with probability density functions?
Switching to forward measure
How can I forecast the Exponential Moving Average of the next day?
Option quotes or trades: Which one is more informative?
Stochastic process for interest rates allowing negative values
Measuring liquiduity of a portoflio of bonds
How to calculate a weighted payback rate and period?
Dendrogram/cluster analysis of correlation matrix
Yearly ytm calculation on stock using binomial model
Barra model: why standardize the fundamental risk factors?
Is it possible to compute implied returns from volatility?
stochastic interest rate in binomial pricing model and in continuous models
Are total return indices adjusted for tax?
Can MACD be calculated for values other than 12 and 26?
Option and probability of finishing in the money?
Role of the evaluation date ( ql.Settings.instance().evaluationDate )
Portfolio allocation methods based on returns forecast
How to modify EMSR when capacity for each fare class is different
How to calculate value at risk in accordance with Basel?
Roll Down of Forward Starting Interest Rate Swap
Procedure to estimate time dependent volatility of forward exchange rates using correlation matrix of the same
Price moneyness vs spread moneyness for credit index options (CDX HY)
B-S derivative with another boundary condition
Why is put-call parity defined differently by CME and Wikipedia?
Daily accruals - when does it accrue?
Where can I find a clear explanation (brief derivation) of N(d1) and N(d2)?
EMTN with two barrier options and pricing by Monte Carlo method
FX Volatility smile interpolation delta or Log moneyness - which is better?
Interpolating the swap curve
Implied volatility equality for deep in/out-of-the-money put and call
How to model the maturity term of non maturing deposit accounts
Calculating theoretical spot rates of treasury bonds beginning with treasury bills
What is CMS Spread Option Single Look? In what ways is it different from CMS Spread Cap/floor?
Increase short positions in futures on oil
Deriving Theoretical Result - ERC portfolio
Not clear on an SDE solution example on YouTube
Which dates are optimal for monthly rebalancing of a futures portfolio?
Position sizing in algorithmic trading
Rainbow option pricing formula under *Bachelier* model
Interest rate swap valuation date convention
CME Treasury future tick value vs tick impact on invoice price
default protection seller long or short credit risk?
How to determine expected returns of an options portfolio?
Recommended Instruments (and sources) for Constructing Money Market Yield Curves
how do factor models in equity portfolio management add alpha?
Aggregation of $\rho$ and $p$ for a vasicek model
Cross Currency swap - Bond Yields arbitrage
Modelling Order Flow
IRS Valuation to calculate the expected exposure
Replication of a dividend swap
Can increase in volatility reduce the price of a deeply in-the-money European put?
Anyone know if this daily report discontinue to publish? Goldman Sachs - "Global Index Volatility and Correlation Monitor"
modelling known regime shifts
Cash Flows from Operations in Compustat
Understanding VWAP and DMA in EMSX Bloomberg
Absorption Ratio
Why does nasdaq.com have such high Put IVs?
Pricing a government bond
Cancelable Forward
Why files in this SEC filing is not downloadable?
LIBOR Market Model implementation in R
Why assume stock returns are normally distributed instead of just adjusting the kurtosis?
How do I derive a blend of a 3Y future and 10Y future risk?
How to annualize sharpe with non-continuous trading days
How to simulate market data and test strategies?
In BS option pricing, why is the drift rate of GBM equal to risk free rate for all stocks in risk neutral?
Baxter and Rennie: A question on Notation
Do quants need to know bloomberg terminal and VBA?
Interest rate equation from bond price?
Finding Jump Probability For Time Series Data
For a Floating Rate note, is there a way to convert the Discount Margin into OAS or Price?
Which rate to use as a risk free rate in emerging markets?
Is there any source where I can find historical data OR beta for Indian stocks based on their ISIN numbers?
List: Behavioural characteristics of key Ito processes used in finance
Optimization of Take-Profit and Stop-Loss
Why do higher interest rates increase the value of the currency?
Correct Discount Curve for Exchange Traded (Centrally Cleared) Products
How do I know what my portfolio weight constraints are given to me by my broker?
What is the difference between Rolling Returns and Moving Average and how to calculate them?
What are your favourite benchmarks for signal (pre-trading strategy) backtesting?
Zero-coupon bond pricing equation derivation
Availability of GC Repo Rates for Different Maturities
Bloomberg tick data timezone offset because mismatch in bloomberg api and excel bloomberg
How to understand interest rate bid/ask and apply client mark-up in Tom/Next Rollover Swap Point Calculation
Reference for pricing geometric-mean basket option
Negative 2y swap spreads
Discretisation of OU (mean reverting) process with a jump process
RQuantlib not returning greeks for options
ARMA+GARCH day-trading strategy
Basis calculation
Extreme Negative Gamma
Why does the ultra long-end of a yield curve invert?
what happens when a stock price gaps over buy/sell stop order?
In literature, is IV constantly adjusted during option delta hedging?
List of European banks by assets and/or deposits
Jensen’s Inequality for returns on short positions
Interactive Brokers: Is Flex Web Service with Paper Account possible?
Volatility Skew fitting in R; Calculate option delta using various volatility dynamics
Why is the CAPM Beta defined this way - Beta hedging
Average interest rates by currency (Basel SRP98)
Why is the value of the Brownian motion bounded by the maximum value of this square difference?
Coding Skills required for Quant Trading Interviews
Can someone explain rigorously Taleb's criticism of Nate Silver's election forecasting?
How do I export data from the volatility lab?
Half of the bid-ask spread as transaction cost
Can someone provide a good definitive explanation for rho in relation to option risks?
Calculating Cross Currency basis swaps
Why is it better to use evolutionary algorithms than OLS for solving index tracking problem?
about CDS data from Bloomberg
CVaR is concave risk measure or convex?
FX Correlation Risk from cross ccy pairs
REMIC vs MBS Bonds
How to calculate the expected stock returns for an individual stock?
Integration and expectation of geometric Brownian motion
Definition Of A Portfolio
How do I calculate option payoff before its expiration date?
To calculate the Hedge Efficiency and Optimal Hedge Ratio with BEKK in R
Entry price to consider while doing a forward/backtest test?
How exactly are corporate bonds priced at issue
Calculating a trading profit rate
Libor Forwards from Swaps
How to Mathematically Prove Markets are Price-Discovering?
What is a good reason to accumulate a stock that is going to be delisted?
Possible interference of Cross-Rate inaccuracy and CIP Deviations
Why does VIX need to calculate the Forward term?
evaluation of option pricing models based on Greeks empirical hedging effectiveness
option model value vs market price
Is the ACT/ACT.AFB convention meant to supersede the ACT/ACT convention for interest rate swaps
How can one effectively approximate the fill portion of a limit order in a FIFO order book given it's recent state?
Arbitrage bounds on volatility of price of binary option?
Single-step Monte Carlo in Excel
Calculating average Momentum from multiple daily stock returns
Finding the redemption yield of a bond given a capital gains tax
What is the difference between the total simple interest and compound interest earned on a sum of money till any year?
I am trying to solve this question about optimal stopping theory. I don't know how to get started. Any hints would be very helpful
Cega - Correlation Delta from multi-asset derivative
Covariance matrix from GJR-GARCH?
Gibbons, Ross, Shanken Test derivation by MLE
Where to get MSCI World Index constituents (+ weights)
Good benchmark for european Flexible asset allocation funds?
Clarification on certain finance terms surrounding bonds
Bates Model Jump Percentage Parameters
FX Spot Delta market standard calculation (Trader View)
Confidence Intervals for ARMA+GARCH forecasts
What does "Gamma profit/loss" mean?
monte carlo simulation
Negative drift when calibrating GBM parameters
Can we use Black-Scholes to price path dependent options?
How to find the right Shift for the SABR Model
How to implement Time varying EWMA cross correlation in STATA?
International Baccalaureate - Balance Sheet Format
What is the annualized realized volatility of simulated Brownian motion paths?
Does banks' profitability really suffer under low interest rates
Question about volatility surfaces
How does one calculate the duration of a cash flow
How does duplicate data affect backtesting?
Solutions for Paul Wilmott Derivatives Book
What NPV value to expect with X% success?
Difference between Predicting stock returns and Forecasting stock Returns?
Sum of relative weights in portfolio equal to 0
Stochastic volatility with Bayesian inference in Python
impact of bond futures conversion factor on calendar spread trading
looking for a simple realistic parametric volatility model
EONIA capitalisé jour tr eur: can't find index data! Do you know what kind of index is?
How does the volatility skew/smile relate to hedging/trading vanilla contracts?
DCF Valuation Models
How does buying a CDX and then taking a short CDS position generates alpha?
Tangency portfolio with two additional constraints
CDOs before the 2007 crisis
Discount drop calculation for a Treasury Bill
How can the BS riskless hedge break down when volatility changes, if a random walk can produce any price history?
Supertrend indicator formula
Do we need to assume underlying returns are normal in BSM model, given Central Limit Theorem?
Problems with Performance Attribution Analysis
How to set parameters and datatable for Modeling in Python
Wald-Wolfowitz runs test on different time frames
Stress testing fixed income Yield curve with Nelson Siegel
Anywhere to find historical float shares (or restricted shares) of US stocks?
affine function of random variable
Carry & roll - question regarding the repo transaction
Hedging convexity for long-dated fixed cashflows
Settlement of currency options
What is the appropriate benchmark for a Long/Short VIX futures strategy?
Serial Correlation in Rolling Change Linear Regression Models
Why do coefficients flip after the including a lag in the optimisation? implied volatility/skewness/ivspreads
PV01 of Physically settled Swaptions contrat
Relation between low rate and credit risk
CAPM - Expected vs. actual returns
Relationship between correlations of long only and short only portfolio with long-short portfolio?
How to price a phoenix and snowball type autocallable options?
Does convexity in the IV space means convexity in the price space?
How would I develop confidence bounds for a function of 3 random variables, 2 of which are correlated?
Monte Carlo (resampling) in m.v. portfolio optimization
how to model NGARCH using 5min frequency data?
Which technique determines if var x1 leads var y? Assuming var x1 may need to be transformed
Cointegration between prices and dividends. How do I get the following expression?
Beta: Cumulative vs. Simple Returns
Calculating the fundamental value of house price to separate bubble component from the price
Expense ratio in ETF price
Hedging an option on a non-traded asset in BS world
Covariance time frequency
Pair trading - short / long the spread
Black Sholes option pricing with all but Delta
Questions about beta, correlation, and covariance
How should I interpret the (insignificant) coefficients of Fama-French 3-factor model?
Normal default probability vs forward default probability/conditional default
Variance swap = delta hedged strip of options
Calculate the conditional variance-covariance matrix to optimal hedge ratio bekk
Change of measure for BGM (LMM) Model
tick/book data vs bar data, worth the infrastructure investment?
Numerical Solutions to PDEs with Financial Applications
Banks' use of written interest rate options
How to make profit from your own portfolio
Classic dynamic delta-gamma hedging in Python
Questions on Option Greeks
Why does the coffee price tracking index Dow Jones-UBS Coffee differ so much from the actual coffee price?
Composite portfolio performance
HJM in infinite dimensions
Dimension reduction for worst of basket on $min(S_1, S_2)$
The Ho-Lee Model (1986)
The Riccatti equation for The Cox-Ingerson-Ross Model
single period security market with two assets
FX curve stripping beyond one year (with CCS and NDS)
Why should a self-financing strategy be previsible?
Autocorrelation in daily bond returns
Serious: What does a quant trader/statistician/mathematician exactly do while trading?
How is indirect cost added to the product cost?
How to calculate the risk neutral probability of the underlying price always exceeding the lower barrier K during a given time?
Identifying the same company behind stocks traded in different exchanges (e.g. CUSIP and WKN in 1990ies)
Adjust calculation of Sharpe ratio when portfolio is subjected to cash outflows
OTC equity option under foreign currency CSA
Under what conditions is someone required to be registered or qualified with the SEC or CFTC?
SARIMA+GARCH model
Physically settled Swaption PV01
How to calculate Information Ratio?
Free DCF model database
Does Adjusted Closing Price take account the Expense Ratio?
Gamma PnL Formula and Break-Even volatility
How to explain the asymmetry of vanilla Volga?
Difference in utility of cap/floor and FRA
Hurst exponent of stock using R/S analysis
How to calculate the multiple integrals where the integral domain is based on the sum of normal distribution random variables?
How to build state of the art implied volatility surface for equity options?
Optimal asset allocation
excel algorithm help
Optimal asset allocation in three-asset portfolio
Expected currency depreciation given sovereign default
Expected return
Allow drift in weights in a risk benchmark?
No risk free security?
Proof that we can price any derivative as the discounted value of its expected return under the risk neutral measure
What are known algorithms to detect potential wrongdoings in funding distribution?
Estimator for Conditional value at risk (average value at risk)
Why is change in risk premium not a violation of the Efficient Markets Hypothesis?
Hedging Strategies involving Forwards and Options
Why do we fit volatility surfaces implied from a option pricing model to the empirical data?
Investor rationale behind inverted yield curve
Is it possible to price a double barrier option which one barrier is monitored continuously while another barrier discretely without using MCS?
Eliminating factor risk?
Optimal Weight of Risky Portfolio
Basic question on Plain Vanilla Interest Rate Swap pricing
Factor model alternative?
How to derive the half slope rule from asymptotic relation between implied and local volatility?
Difference between FRA and a zero coupon swap
Non-redundant asset?
Risk neutral valuation
How I can calculate index bond market
Why might these options price so far from the square-root of duration?
Vol surface fitting to options on commodity futures
model high frequency bitcoin volatility
Sign retention in mean variance optimization
Mean Variance Optimization vs Risk Scaling
What class of derivatives satisfy the Black-Scholes PDE?
Parameters used by brokers when executing large institutional orders?
Bond strategy in rising rate environment
carry for a sovereign bond
How to conduct an event-study for a single index (i.e the DJIA) with multiple events
What on earth is an Alpha Model in the quantative investment process?
Exposure/Factor Analysis on a loan portfolio?
Why not to maximize Sharpe Ratio directly when computing optimal allocation of an order?
Portfolio & Asset Returns across Multiple Periods
Fastest way to calculate YTM from bond price
How to calculate interaction effect for my Performance Attribution?
Stock Volatility with Uncertain Probability
Finding historical sector p/e ratio averages
Using the Fama-Macbeth Process to Test CAPM
Interaction of SPY etf with futures?
CRRA Utility Function Problem
How to price, hedge ESG-dependent products?
Arbitrage pricing models
How do flat demand curves for stocks allow for price changes?
