download kernel source code : error : Not enough diskspace (900MB) on /root
Openelec, transmission-demon not starting on boot
RS-485 and Raspberry Pi
MAX4466 recording sound
How to receive data via bluetooth on Raspberry Pi and transfer it to USB port
Automatic start of python script after just plugging the power supply
Connecting to relay via GPIO not working
Raspberry Pi and Arduino communicate over RF?
How do I change the default OS to start with NOOBS Dual Boot headless?
Housing and temperature
NOOBS and Raspbian
How can I install jython in a r-pi?
Simultaneously using GPIO 4 (Pin 7) while playing Audio
Customize bashrc in OpenELEC
How do I run a command line command in a Python script?
Need a beginner test program written in Python for audio (sound) output
Connect keypad in Raspberry
RFID reader for Raspi
PANIC: VFS: Unable to mount root fs on unknown-block(179,2)
Is there any generic cheap RF module
Under what conditions is the system clock running?
Physical switch that can be toggled by Raspberry PI
How do I run a script (that needs WIFI) on shutdown before WIFI is down
Why does this device always reboot at 21:17?
Raspberry Pi as smartphone
simultaneous audio output from two external sound cards connected to a usb hub
IO Expander runs very hot
RF transmitter and multiple receivers to led on/off control
How to connect the connect to a PiHUB?
Can I use any GPRS Arduino shield with a Raspberry Pi?
NXP Explore NFC using libnfc on Raspberry Pi
What's the most ideal way of communication between an Arduino and a Raspberry Pi?
Using OpenCV with RasPiCam and python
Wi-Fi adapters supporting monitor mode with Raspberry Pi
How do I install pandas on Raspberry Pi?
ServoBlaster problem (auto rotate)
Access Volumio via No-IP
RaspberryPi & Zabbix server
What is the best way to help my Raspberry Pi manage itself unattended?
Can't connect to WiFi from D-Link DSL-2640B router
Controlling Buzzer Module - No sound
Raspberry Pi and the USB to TTL Serial Cable on Mac
Why does "free -h" show less total memory than assigned by splitting?
Gstreamer with gst-omx Raspberry Pi
Relays are isolated or can they cause any harm to my Pi or connected electronic device?
Run Raspbian "Wheezy" in QEMU on Windows
What is the standard file system that a SD card have to use before write Raspbian using dd command?
2.8" TFT Touchscreen with pygame script from console
Reboot via cronjob does not work, it just shuts down without booting up again
Ultrasonic sensor get distance with java
ImportError: No module named Adafruit_I2C
plan9 official image won't boot raspberrypi
Some doubts about how write RaspBian on SD card using dd command?
Zoneminder image problem
Raspi+Arduino+RS485
Is it okay to operate relay boards with less than voltage specified?
GLIBCXX_3.4.19 not found
How can I increase USB voltage on multiple Pi's?
model a with opencv
Issue with hard drives, wifi
How to connect my RaspBerry Pi directly to my PC using ethernet cable? Don't work
Set location of Java user.dir on startup in init.d to path where .jar is located
ifconfig don't work with cron
How to start making and designing a raspberry pi "shield"
More control of serial?
How to add isolation between raspberry pi and relay board?
Some doubts related to first **raspi-config** execution?
Why wget can't work when I perform it in SSH?
Are there any GPIO pins guaranteed to stay low during startup?
Why I can't update kernel version?
Can I use Raspberry Pi with PiTFT and Wolfson Pi audio card at the same time?
What's the difference between Rpi kernel source and Rpi distro kernels?
Starting an application when a certain port on the IP address is accessed
Big ask: could anyone give me a tutorial to compile entangle 0.6.0?
Why do I get this error trying to install TP-LINK (TL-WN725N) wireless adapter driver?
Netflix on the Pi with XBMC -- any improvements?
Raspberry Pi will not boot or display activity of any kind
Why wireless connection stop to work?
what's the purpose of objcopy command?
LED lights on pin 1 but it fails on other pins
Connecting a PS/2 mouse to Python
CCTV housing that fits the Raspberry PI
Why I can't compile and install cgminer on my RaspBerry?
Choosing RC car motor that can be driven with the Raspberry Pi
Best Media centre setup?
raspberry pi won't boot after some bootcode.bin update
Identifying USB devices
How to enable Wifi direct on the Raspberry Pi using the TL-WN721N wireless Adapter (Noob instruction)
Use GPIO as GND
What's the process for developing in Python on my Macbook, to run on my Pi?
Can I perform a total backup of my system on an image file?
Using Watchdog to reboot in case of overheat
Can I control this ESC/Brushless Motor with a Raspberry Pi and/or Arduino
RaspiCam spot metering: where's the spot and how to move it?
File sharing between OS X and RPi: Finder won't notice changes
How do I display an image file (PNG) in a simple window?
Trace raspberry pi booting process
No signal on TV and Computer Monitor
Raspberry pi reboots when usb wifi (Edimax EW-7811UN) is plugged without usb extension cable
Temperature Effects
Raspberry Pi's analog audio output in watts
Set default baud rate on /dev/ttyAMA0 and keep after reboot
"Home Server" + XBMC
How long does a pi last with an 8 gb sd card?
Manipulate RSSI value
Hardware-accelerated h264 encoding possible?
How to solve: locked out of sudoer rights and root account on Arch linux of RPi
Why are the Raspbian repositories so out of date?
python 3.2 and pirateradio on wheezy
Can not read SD Card anymore
Network Interfaces Plugging skip eth0, skip wlan0 ...done. (wlan0 unreachable)
Trouble with rpi-source (hello world kernel module)
RasPi and XBee communication
Problems configuring samba server on RaspBMC
install MATLAB directly on raspberrypi
Is the RPi enough to host a web application with pictures and videos?
WiFI connection keeps disconnecting
Not able to ping Raspberry via Mac
Shared Windows Folder
Connection for 6 raspberry pi camera modules?
Should the Pi automatically connect to an ethernet connection with a default Raspbian install?
Syntax error near unexpected token 'GPIO.BCM'
Having a Cook server send signals to Pi
Raspberry Pi with boots up with Rainbow screen
Suddenly got an I/O error from my external HDD
How do I improve Raspberry Pi Boot Up Time?
Raspberry Pi will not shutdown/reboot
How can I install the latest version of Chromium?
Powering Pi with a 5V regulated power supply
How to install RetroPie using/alongside NOOBS?
PyInstaller fails
Wiring up a ILI9341 TFT Screen + Touch
Powering an amp and a Pi from a single 12V lead?
Pi randomly rebooting
Raspberry Pi Camera, what's the big deal?
USB to Serial converter / connect to pi?
Are there any alternatives to the Pi Camera?
Wifi dropping on load
Strange problem enabling transmission as boot daemon [Rasp B with ArchLinux]
I have a Raspberry PI, loaded Debian, loaded mysql, loaded RVM, trying to run Bundle install --without production
how to turn on and off an led with only a tactile button
TFT screen setup troubles
Adding and Cascading Ethernet and USB Hub LAN9512 to Raspberry Pi
Raspbian wifi connection problems
How to fix boot section / firmware and keep user files
copy/paste from local windows to Raspberry Pi TightVNCserver?
The 'ACT' LED is not blinking and the CPU is overheating.
Forcing one of two wifi dongles
Radio connection - NRF2401A
How was the raspi-config GUI made?
Debugging headless install
How can I permanently fix /dev/vchiq permission errors?
Why does Raspbian disable fsck in fstab by default?
Why won't SDL 2.0 give me an OpenGL ES 2.0 window?
Sending and receiving SMS via a huawei 3g Dongle E220
Receive data from uart with Raspberry Pi mono c#
No input on FTDI / Serial on raspberry
SSH into Raspberry Pi times out, ping can't reach host
GPIO switch relay 12V AC
Output Audio To Sony Gold Wireless Headset (Non Bluetooth)
No address associated with hostname when using pip install on raspbien
When I run a process in a detached screen section it becomes very slow
Ethernet video input to RCA composite output
Memory addresses
my hard drive makes a clicking beeping sound when conected to Pi,but works fine on laptop?
using php_exec command to play audio on the Pi - no audio group
About website do I need to download Jquery on my Raspberry pi
How do I set Raspbian to use the wifi even though the ethernet cable is plugged in?
pylirc returns none all the time
How do you wire 2 stepper motors to a Raspberry pi with a ULN2803?
Is there a console-only (no GUI included) distro under 1 gb?
USB camera originally designed for PC hardware and kernel 2.x
Start Tightvncserver service in raspberry
Booting up a headless Raspberry Pi using Mac OS X
Could not find CURL (missing: CURL_LIBRARY CURL_INCLUDE_DIR)
Raspberry Pi arkOS terminal Password not known
Power external hard drive though USB -- safe to use USB charger?
ArchLinux Qt eglfs
How to set up LightDM in Arch Linux?
What type of SD cards can handle a high volume of read/write?
Multiple Inputs through GPIO
Streaming from the camera only when required?
Raspberry Pi freezes during boot
RedHat distro on RPI?
Pygame + RPI-Camera Container
What is the life expectancy or which component is expected to fail first?
write issues with samba on raspberry pi
I2C LCD w/ buttons - C
If I were to set my RPI up as a webserver, what security issues to my home network should I be aware of?
Is it safe to use the GPIO P6?
Stepper motor troubles
SD card fragment in card slot
Can't Access TTY: Job Control Turned Off
Ethernet not working on Raspbian
Simple LED code says that object has no attribute output?
Does backfeeding the pi allow me to draw more current than normal from the other free usb port?
Dnscrypt doesn't work for me
What bug tracker can we use on a Raspberry Pi?
Sonic Pi returning errors for crucial functions
Unable to install the required packages for developing Maynard desktop
I have 2 raspi on the same LAN, How one of them have to pick up a picture from the other
Raspberry Pi SIM card, tethering and internet possibilities on the run
ssh into pi from Mac over direct ethernet connection
Need to initialize serial connection with screen
How can I download packages to windows so that they can be installed in raspberry?
Interrupting a Program with a Button
Mesure weight using force
Connect to OLED Display Module
IP camera using a USB 3G Modem using same IP address on every boot
The tilde directory is no the /home/pi directory
GPIOs are put at 0.6 V during boot
Connect R-Pi to different networks with different protocols
Is there a way to automatically activate a script when a USB device connects?
How much normal Linux can I do with OpenELEC?
local and global variables in bare metal programming
Red LED only staying on momentarily during bootup?
Error when trying to install XRDP from Putty
How to get kernel source corresponding with the kernel installed by rpi-update
Turbo doesn't kick in
Flashrom and the RaspberryPi
Speed problem using an R-pi to run python-whiteboard and xournal as a home-built smartboard
How do I write my temperature data to Windows Azure's Sqldatabase?
Take picam image while motion is running
Frequent "Bus error" and "Input/output error" problem
Music, stored on the Pi, played over HDMI with visualisation, controlled from mobile phone
Can Sonic-Pi play a continuous MIDI tone/note?
Stretched image on display
show data online
Fresh Raspberry Pi with Ethernet only. How To?
is it possible? share TV over LAN via raspberry pi (as server)
Raspberry PI Audio Input
Do I need female to male jumper wire because I have a jumper cable
Can't WRITE out a text when running Python Shell
Android commincate to Raspberry Pi through otg
From python script to Kernel Module
usb soundcard losing power
SSH/SOCKS/HTTP Proxy
Connecting multiple light sensors to one port
How to cut power, especially by sleep mode and disabling peripherals?
Does the Raspberry Pi camera module have any power saving modes?
sshd not always available
How to set real time clock in Raspberry PI instead of setting fake clock
Transmit music to multiple iPhones
How to configure a Web Server that can display data from my Raspberry PI?
Connecting RTC DS1037, Pin 5 already occupied
Auto Connect to Public Network and then "Accept TOS"
Opencv configuration issue
Picamera as streaming server
USB card as my default Audio Device
RaspPi / raspbmc is turning on my TV
Using incrontab to read GPIO's
rdesktop from osx to pi running arch linux
Will pulling pin 5 low will make the pi boot up again
WIFI reconnect script with static IP address on my PI
WIFI dongle extension cable problems
Connected to 2 networks cant access the internet
Trouble finding Wi-Fi Adapter
Raspberry Pi Speaker
How do I debug avrdude?
Low latency audio streaming with Icecast2 and mpd with raspbian
Any IP cam image distribution available (that fits in 1Gig)?
Raspberry Pi Compute Module schematics
USB disabled when ethernet is plugged in
Best method to test if the Pi is stable after overclocking
Airplay not working - OpenElec/Gotham/R-Pi
GPIO pin - possible floating voltage when used with a transistor
Trying to understand Auto reconnect WIFI method
RPi GPIO as a high-speed square wave generator
How to set ID for multiple sensors like LED, Temperature Sensor and etc?
Raspberry Pi is unstable on a single projector, appears to be HDMI related?
Unmet dependencies
How to enable ssh on raspberry without screen?
Operational error when writing to database in Raspberry Pi's Python
Trying to understand this WIFI script
Trying to understand this bash wifi reconnect script
Raspicam Web Streaming
Is there a problem with no-ip.com
Active USB-Hub, letting the + and - open?
Running a PHP Mailer Script via Cron
Pi in "meshed" wireless network
How to display database in plain HTML or PHP from Python
Import composite/ntsc-signal
How long does the RPi last on a battery?
Problems with Pifm legality
Build a multi os rpi build vm?
Setting camera module to /dev/video0 to scan QR Codes using zbar
Could not find driver when I trying to display my PHP
How to use flash storage as blackout-proof volatile memory?
Difference between pi camera & usb HD cam
LED not lighting in circuit to blink LED and display Count on I2C 16x2 LCD
Raspberry PI connect with Analog Devices ADIS16227
Connect an LCD with Ribbon Cable to Breadboard
WiFi ONLY works if Ethernet is plugged in
Minimal setup to output 30V through GPIO
How can I change the locale?
Weird SSH problem
how to install a program on a USB
Using the Raspberry Pi with a Touchscreen Monitor
How to copy data from USB to RAM
Monitor CPU voltage and overclock
Using EDIMAX EW-7811UN WiFi Dongle and Mouse freezes RPi
How to run python script on pi without logging in everytime
Raspberry Pi SSH connection broken - IP address changed
Whats the optimal temperature for the Pi's processor to run at?
IndexError DS18B20 Temperature sensor
Mac OSX CyberDuck Upload Failed
Using Raspberry Pi as print server
Pi not Connecting to Wi-Fi
How to check whether a Webserver is Installed in Pi or not?
Cannot update or install DBus
I2Cs for temperature senors and multiple PWM outs
Build something that requires dh-python
Bypass in-browser authentication to connect to internet
Using PiPiper to control Energenie's Pi-mote
cifs mount window share stopped working
Raspberry bare metal boot even with entry different from 0x8000
Raspberry Pi GPIO randomly triggered
Raspi not 'accepting' JUH340 USB Hub. (Raspbian OS)
android device as USB Mass Storage
I don't get 24 frames per second
Powering 3.5 inch LCD screen and RPi with 7.4V Lithium Polymer Battery
Raspberry-pi mqttc.publish() to node red overflowing after 20 entries
Raspberry Raid 0 gains
A Shortcut For Checking Temps?
How to create a REST services using Node.JS in Raspberry PI?
Powering a floppy drive with the 5V GPIO pin
Plant watering installation
Embedding video player on RPi
Java Eclipse configuration for raspberry-pi
How to get a specific kernel version for Raspberry Pi Linux?
Is RaspberryPi OpenCV fast enough to run eye blink recognition?
Why the Raspberry PI loses the ethernet connection?
raspberry Pi and processing problem with Camera Capture
Unable to expand filesystem on SD card running Raspbian
i2cdetect-ed address shifting with each detect
Keyboard is disabled on boot up
My RESTful services can't work
AF_BUS on Raspbian
Raspberry Pi Recipes
Access external HD formatted as Mac OSX Extended (Journaled) from Windows PC
WiringPi vs default Raspbian RPi.GPIO module
Is swapping to the network a good idea?
Raspbian boot logo edit
Using a switch, not push button, to play mp3s
How to prevent python script from running more than once?
NOOBs Install. SD Card What File Format?
Raspberry Pi won't boot and red light shows
How to write an IP change notifier script in Xbian?
Playing a DVD ISO on the Pi
Logging faces with OpenCV
Running the PC version of Minecraft on a Pi
Fast os for Raspberry Pi
Hdmi Coupler as a cable?
Suddenly can't connect to raspberry pi using ssh in xbmc
Running Ghost on Raspberry PI getting error
C shell doesn't work properly
MVC design patterns and framework for embedded web apps
Turning on HDMI programmatically doesn't work
Take images in a short time using the Raspberry Pi camera module
WiPi not working, repeatedly crashing boot, think it's busted
Disabling rainbow splash screen does not work
My pi with berryboot with vnc enabled wont work
Whenever I connect a usb device, it shuts down and won't boot for 3 minutes
How to remove the first line on the MOTD screen?
VNC Server failling to start at boot
DHT22 code not working (datasheet instruction and xenomai)
Can't PWM LED on pin 18
raspberry pi python-tesseract install
Has anyone bought one of the new model B+
XBMC compilation error
sending live data reading from raspberry pi to internet
playing wav files with pygame bad quality with noise
Raspberry unbootable after unexpected shutdown
Home Automation, Mechanical Relays and Physical Switches
Raspi as web server without router
Hosting NAS, a sql database, and streaming to chromecast all over a home network
Raspberry Pi to Arduino (Leonardo) avoiding latency
Can I display video from a Canon PowerShot Pro 1 on a raspberry pi?
How to set up data plan for 3g modem for raspberry pi?
Insert data to phpMyAdmin mySQL database from Shell Script
Powering a 3-12V water pump on raspberry pi
Kernel module doesn't call probe function
Airplay Mirroring XBMC addon
Prioritize different network connections
One Wire Temperature auto setup while booting
Disable UDP on raspberry pi and only use TCP
Can I use TI Launchpad's JTAG debugger to debug Raspberry Pi over JTAG?
pi4j provisionDigitalOutputPin without setting state low
Can I transfer programs to my RPi via a USB stick from Windows?
WLAN or LAN, where is the bottleneck?
Will a script keep running even if I SSH in separately?
GPIO goes high on first initial run of script - please help get my ECTO 1 on the road!
Connect Raspberry Pi to MacBook air over USB ethernet adapter and use the WiFi connection on the Mac
Exposure correction via Picamera module
Mobile to Raspberry PI audio streaming
4€ remote socket. The best idea ever?
save the serial data in text file raspbian
Pi and Python - Cannot connect to SSL from Pi - works on Win7
Raspberry Pi and Arduino bluetooth communication
Cheapest presence sensor for a door
Can't SSH into Pi
Ways to restrict internet access via MAC address with a RPi
Text to Speech Using Apache Web Server
Arduino Serial Port via Raspberry Pi SSH
Move 16GB SD NOOBS Raspbian to 64GB Micro SD for a new B+
How do I transfer files from SD card to windows PC. No network or memory stick!
Ethernet not working when powered over GPIO
5 Ghz Wifi on Raspberry Pi
Multimeter functionality for raspberry pi
Is there any GUI mode for omxplayer?
cant create shared library on RPI (Raspbian)
Can a 74LVC8T245 be used for 5v inputs all by itself?
Executing remote binaries over network
Display USB webcam video to composite output
interfaces - Connect to unencrypted network in raspbian
Why does sudo not work in this case?
Raspberry is stuck at boot
Problems trying to expand USB file system
Powering a RPI with its circuit from one wallsocket
Touchpad the works well with Raspbian
Ethernet connectivity issues. My fault or the pi's?
Connection refused when I try to connect my pc to raspberry pi via internet bridge
Xbian unable to mount external hard disk
Is it possible to toggle individual USB ports?
QEMU Raspbian on OS X
Pi Camera Module frames directly to OpenCV lib for processing
Remove Maynard and cgroups
Raspbian GUI Headless
How to get in the raspbmc console if exit and esc does not work?
Is it fine to use an ASUS Memo Pad power supply on a B+ RPi?
How to avoid page with properties when printing?
Configure a Raspberry Pi for wifi from an access point by USB wifi dongle
AP with tl-wn725n v2
Can the new raspberry pi B+ act as a usb sniffer?
SSH slow to ask for password
'Safe' temperatures for use
ssh: connect to host ... port 22: Connection refused
Camera module "crashes" Raspberry Pi
How can I get Raspivid to skip h264 encoding? (getting rid of 5 second latency streaming video)
Why can't I remove Apache?
Disabling DHCP Server
MCP3204 ADC with low sampling rate << 100kSps
Mount NFS Folder share on RPi from a synology NAS
pcm512x module problem, blacklisting it doesn't help
Boots only when USB key connected (fstab related)
dhcpd after reboot (Arch Linux)
Adafruit 16x2 RGB LCD scrolling down?
USB modem not switching from mass storage to modem mode
Delay running of python script on boot until desktop is finished
Jasper Problems
Wi-Fi on a network with SSID Broadcast disabled
same problem, camera rpi not works ENOSPC
Home Automation and Dimming
Mult-head micro-usb cable
Preventing SD card corruption in the event of power failure
PI4J: Multi-threading when listening to Pin Interrupt events
Error on displaying mySQL records in my REST API
Raspberry Pi w/ 2 ethernet ports
Wolfson audio card not working after rpi-update
PIC Microcontroller to Raspberry Pi Communication
Wi-Fi dongle not working
Using a Generic Switching Power Supply
Why is there a difference in USB HDD speed in my two Raspberry Pis?
Can I automate raspi-config partition resize?
Why do people use powered USB hubs?
Using the UV4L driver to stream video from the raspberry pi camera to android phone
wiringPi interrupt not working
Shell and ssh locale issues on Raspbian
ssl certificate on apache
Type of cable needed for new audio/video port on Model B+?
how to read from a GPIO pin when it changes?
Raspberry Pi as a internet radio server?
Sound card for raspberry pi?
What's the difference between the Raspberry Pi 1 Model B and B+?
Rs232 - Why do I read what I just wrote?
Error git clone git@github.com/felixge/node-mysql
ecryptfs on raspbmc
Automount NTFS HDDs in specific locations and share them in LAN
Official MongoDB Repo for ARM Processor for Debian base
apt-get can't find packages
Colored screen when booting raspbian from noobs
Run Hamachi and Tightvnc on startup without logging in on raspberry pi
Can I use auditd on a Raspberry Pi?
Shutdown, reboot not working
What power supply should be used for the B+ model?
Small display with no assembling
Wifi connection stops working
Permissions & Scripts
Trying to install Apache Traffic server armhf to raspberry pi
What hardware do I need to turn Raspberry Pi into a TV remote controller?
Can I use my Raspberry Pi as an AirPlay receiver?
Play video from ssh to TV
Raspberry Bluetooth dongle not detected by Android phone
ImportError No module named thread
Processing keystroke input on startup
Curl/wget over wifi sporadically doesn't work
External Hard Drive not recognized on reboot
Choosing an OLED / LCD Dispaly
Arduino-Raspbery Pi bridges
Should I remove fake-hwclock because my i2c RTC isn't always plugged in?
Boot Problems sh: can't access tty: job control turned off
Is the Raspberry Pi suitable for use as a commercial WiFi Router?
Using battery pack as a UPS
Breadboarding: pins connection
How to stream high res pics from RPi camera?
how to access local GPIO from remote Django/apache server
Raspi periodically unreachable via SSH
How to debug avahi-daemon? Hostname not coming through
Is PiGlow compatible with model B+, and will both fit inside a Pibow?
RF24 communication with Arduino
How do I mount to SAMBA drive on boot with raspberry pi?
Need help in my LED Switch REST API
Powered off w/out shutdown now getting file system warnings
Maximum current from usb (model b+)
Why does't eth0 come up?
Hot plugging the GPIO cable
wlan connection not working
How do I keep my system up to date with Raspbmc?
Pi as a USB client
ws2801 Wiring Problem?
Power on from idle with gpio3, undocumented?
Graphical Programming with WebGUI
Need advise for Web Control REST LED Switch
Smallest interval that RPi can record
Samsung Printer in CUPS rastertospl failed
PiFM using microphone
Why are system logs not rotating?
opencv and cv2.so/libcv2.so setup for python
Can you loop a animated gif via mplayer to display on adafruit Pitft
Can't use vim as root
Network Won't Work Even When the Ethernet Cable is Connected
low resolution displaying on monitor in raspbian
Xlib: extension "RANDR" missing on display ":1.0"
7.2V battery with Raspberry Pi
Failing to boot Kali on B+ model Pi
i have connected webcam to raspberry pi and now i want to get mpeg stream from webcam to my Laptop ?
Pi Headless: How to confirm that the Pi is shut down
Not sure if serial connection is working
Disabling IRQ #32
Viewing Pictures from the RPi on my computer
HTML Button onclick function()
autorunning a python script at startup not working
Using Raspberry Pi as a router connected to an access point device
using the temperature command in a bash script to affect gpio
ssh into Raspberry Pi connected via a Huawei E3131 USB modem and prepaid SIM card (orange)
Slice of Radio and Ithobox
Power Pi from Li battery?
apt-get update/upgrade fails on fresh image
Raspberry Pi network can't be accessed outside of network
Optimising ImageMagick Conversions for Raspberry Pi
Usb_modeswitch doesnt seem to work in raspberry pi b+
Raspberry-pi not detecting network when connected to a router via Ethernet cable
Connecting 3g dongle requires it to be replugged
Using Qt5 on PiTFT
Accessing a SSH shell session between Rpi and computer from another computer
Noob question- PI wont boot
Unable to compile libfreefare
How to detect specific string over serial using C
Is it possible to format RPi SD card remotely?
HDMI out not working
Raspbmc slow networking issues
Raspberry pi as a tmc server
Extra power to usb port on raspberry pi
How can I turn my RPi into DHCP server for my router?
Powering a 24V 1A device
Banana Pi memory bus clock speed
raspbian wheezy: Package 'i2c-tools' has no installation candidate
Locale errors when installing packages
Raspberry Pi Kernel Compilation issue - fixdep permission denied
Reading HC-SR04 echo with wiringPiISR()
Headless Pi server over Wifi
Raspbian/OctoPi File Recover
Running a webserver unikernel on RaspberryPi
Can I use GPIO to close a circuit on a RC sender PCB?
USB bandwidth for the RPi model B+
How can I connect to my raspberry without using a screen?
OpenVPN as a background process
Accessing SPI flash from /dev
Stereo camera frame synchronization/genlock (video or still image)
Kit for beginners
Snort on Raspberry Pi w/ Arch Linux
Is there some trick to getting aplay audio output working?
pymodbus rtu RS-485 communication
Raspberry pi and Arduino mini 05 connection
How much power can a Pi deliver to a SD card?
Raspbian apache2 virtual host
Fullscreen browser for Raspberry Pi
HDMI -> VGA idle power?
Does the Pi use all the ethernet pins?
The keyboard & Ethernet not working together
Why is pin 5 in the Ethernet connected to 3v3? is it safe to disconnect?
can I mount the same network drive on two PIs
raspberry Pi and robots in one toolkit
ntpq -p reports all available servers have stratum 16
Raspberry Pi Camera Module, Time Lapse Photography
Python script to control GPIO
Is there a way to get a list of what has been installed from a specific repository?
Web Client for Raspbian MiniDLNA
"Easy" Headless File Transfer
Quadrocopter Motor Movement
How do i save pic to the same png rather than creating a new png each time a pic is taken
Raspberry Pi wireless AP problems (static IP address)
Tablet Monitor + Touchscreen connected to raspberry pi
How can I connect RPi camera to desktop computer?
Should I be worried if my SD card has been corrupted?
Why I blew up my brand new B+
Raspberry pi shut itself down without warning and now refuses to boot an operating system?
apache2 password protected directory
20x4 LCD with Python - Threading because of different update intervals
PiGlow LED went out
4WD robot platform turning problem
How can I save my SD card without to make a too big image file?
USB HDD Spindown
Espeak not working on raspbian
UPS for Raspberry Pi and router (TPLINK TD-W8961)
Can't log in via SSH using keys - fails at preauth
Trying to setup raspberrypi emulation with qemu on ubuntu 12.04
Why ACT led is blinking and raspberry not booting?
Can't get Raspberry Pi's IP address (Headless Method) Unix/OSX
How to use usb ports on raspberry pi?
How to make Raspberry shutdown when I unplug the ethernet cable
How to fully control Raspberry Pi over Wi-Fi?
Raspberry Pi Camera Module As A Streaming Webcam Commands
Needs some ideas to trigger silicone rubber buttons
Extremely high Raspberry PI Model B SD Read Speed
Serial connection Woes
Multiple interface with multiple wifi network
Connecting a garage door opener remote directly to Raspberry Pi
Raspbmc is freezing while navigating in the menu
Is there a way to compile Android apps?
Playing mp3 with go on pi
Problem with iptables - can't DNAT or use --dport
crontab not starting command on reboot
how do I install the djpeg binary?
how to install libtbb-dev in raspberry-pi
How do I install java on my Raspberry Pi
eGalax Touchscreen support, without kernel recompile, raspbian OS
Can a Pi back itself up?
EmulationStation hot key buttons not registering
Connecting to WPA2-Enterprise Wifi Network
Ssh over wifi drops the network
Raspberry Pi B can be seen on LAN but no Video output on either HDMI or RCA
Remove script from bootup into console
What values in the DMA TI.PERMAP field map to each field?
Intermittent Slow SQLite Inserts
Connecting two cameras into a PI
PPPOE does not connect on boot
I've locked myself out of SSH and my pi while trying to set up public keys
Control liquid solenoid valve with raspberry pi and RTK-000-001
Is it possible for me to play the game Hearthstone on a Raspberry Pi?
How to choose system to boot up without monitor?
free rtos raspberry pi
Share WiFi connection through ethernet
Boot order of programs
Serial string not being read consistantly
Reducing 24V to 5V for RPi PSU
Chinese language support for Raspbmc
How do I choose an SD card for the Raspberry Pi?
Does the Raspberry Pi need a cooling system?
What is the best way to let website users control devices on the Raspberry Pi?
can someone explain lambda functions?
What does T mean in file permissions?
Raspberry Pi finer servo control
Remote control application
Minimal Raspbian with X GUI
How can I turn my Raspberry Pi into a wireless receiver for a Microphone?
From raspi to laptop python3 vb.net/c#
Write to USB stick on specific USB port
Using other camera modules to build custom webcams
How to measure mains frequency safely via GPIO
Want to stream just captured audio using VLC media player as HTTP or RTSP
Internet connection failure
Permanent serial connection to Raspi
Why did my wireless USB adapter suddenly stop working on a powered USB hub after it worked for weeks?
Custom White Balancing with picamera
Wipi monitor mode?
Unresponsive USB on a Raspi Model A
Where to add a folder on a Pi sd card to put movies from my Mac?
Issues with Raspbian installation
How can I exit a while loop at any time during the loop?
mount_afp - failed to open /dev/fuse: Permission denied
State of art in performance of Raspbmc
Pi B+ with TFT running Kali
Best approach for real time operating system on Raspberry Pi
If I mount a SD reader (for external storage) will I be able to access any SD card in the same way?
WiPi not going into monitor mode
Minecraft server on raspberry pi cluster
Can Windows XP run on Raspberry pi?
Should I power my Pi and USB hub through the same power supply or separate ones?
In monitor mode but not sniffing packets :(
WebIoPi buttons don't show up over Internet even with port-forwarding
Accessing OwnCloud from the WAN on my Raspberry Pi
So is there any C++ alternative for PiUi?
Transparent Bridge from Wifi to Ethernet using Raspbian
How to do the Raspberry Pi emulation with QEMU on ubuntu 12.04
slow network performance samba
Python: Is there any way to get a list of IPs connected to a network
What size screws does the Raspberry Pi board use?
Raspberry PI will not boot unless I apply pressure to SD card
On RetroPie is it possible to speed up the time needed to switch from an emulator back to emulationstation?
Can't install software in raspbian
Connecting to Pi over the internet - Already tried a lot of things
Keyboard wrong characters output, ssh works well
Does the kernel support a BMP180 BMP85 digital pressure sensor out of the box?
Transmission web GUI wan access
Pi NAS: Access over internet
How to connect to 802.1x EAP wireless network with (debian wheezy)?
RaspberryPi camera rev 1.3 cross section
PWM Control on Raspberry PI
Install a third-party OS image using NOOBS?
df says free space, but no space to create file
Local server running on Onion Pi
Calibrate overscan settings
Render a HTML5 Website with no interface
Stop Pi from searching for ethernet connection on startup
Can I Use this Relay Board with pi?
SIM900 to Raspberry
Android XBMC Remote with Raspberry Pi Hotspot
Raspbian Linux: No WiFi scan results from “iwlist wlan0 scan”
Failed to open vchiq instance- RPI on qemu, linux kernel, mac
Does Raspberry PI Model B+ Works Over 24*7 and 365 days continously?
Defining PWM ports to be used on the GPIO
How can I get tightvnc to start automatically on startup?
BLE receiver-transmitters
Error running a simple python script at boot
Reading NOOBS SD Card on my Mac
Raspberry might fail to boot after a power cut, why android does not have problems with this?
proper apt-get configuration for epiphany browser
Best practices for "hardening" an RPi for embedded applications (unattended operation)?
How do you make the raspberry pi ask you a question?
Raspberry Pi GPIO Virtualization possible?
Scanning, OCR and adding the scanned numbers using a Raspberry PI
My Pi can boot but extremely hot. HELP!
gpio /value file appears with wrong permissions momentarily
Is a digital lens possible?
model B wrong amount of ram displayed
"Could not resolve" errors with wicd-curses static configuration
Powerless RPi blocks CEC commands from TV to BD-Player
how to install cross-compiled OpenCV's libraries on raspbery pi
UPS for raspberry pi
How to stream video from Raspberry Pi camera and watch it live
NAS + Torrent + XBMC?
My 3V relay doesn't work on GPIO but works on 5V pin with resistor
Autostart Midori with multiple tabs
miniDLNA & srt files
Can Raspberry Pi B+ use a card (with Debian) configured/used with "old" Raspberry Pi B?
Web browser on OpenELEC
9 One-Wire Temperature Sensors - Intermittent Response
Why my time is not correct, it is always 12 hours late
site-packages dir empty but OpenCV works...what the?
Why is my RTC DS1307 not being recognized?
universal media server on RasPi
Another pi freeze question
Running a Qt5 application not full-screen, use VNC
Beginning with servos and PWM
Running Python script From php that create a thread and then kill it
Pi not recognizing USB ports with an adequate PSU
Connecting B+ to Serial Port
Remotely fix Raspberry Pi boot problems
Touchscreen support
Script to retry wifi 10 times then force reboot if connection cannot be established
Bad magic number in super-block when trying to resize RPi image
Installs node v0.10.31, Gets node v0.10.29
Using Raspberry Pi as an SVN server?
What methods are there to connect arduino to a raspberry pi
Do I need to install the Raspbian image BEFORE RetroPie?
Heatsink too big
Where is the /boot partition?
transfer files from mobile to raspberry pi via Bluetooth
Is there a way to detect if a PiTFT display screen is connected?
PiTFT: broken C4 resistor
RetroPie missing 'emulator' folder
Cannot find -lgcc -lc
PI webserver domain name issue
cec-command to switch to TV 0 from raspberry pi not working
Failure to boot Raspbian for first time on 64GB MicroSD Card
Is it safe to post entire syslog to the net?
What format should my SD card be?
Bluetooth Discoverable Raspberry Pi
What wiki can we use on a Raspberry Pi?
Replacing an old lab PC with a raspberry pi
16 channel relay for RPi
Using Raspberry Pi to make Internet TV box (Power on/off issue)
Is it possible to use GPIO's simultaneously?
5.3V power source w/ 24kohm resistor
U-boot for Rasp, what stage would be?
Help with Shell Scripts, creating a list of options for users
Show higher resolution on small screen (scale down)
Is it possible to power a raspberry pi using android phone in USB host Mode?
static eth0 adress
mounting content of pendrive to mobile phone via bluetooth
Use raspberry pi 3.5mm jack as line in
Python Syntax Error Hello World
How to enable or fix the TTL console connection on the Raspberry Pi?
Best way to report all GPIO Interrupts?
Running Windows CE / Windows Mobile applications on the Pi
TL-wn725n V2 driver needed for Linux 3.12.28
TeamViewer on Raspberry Pi
Connecting RPi GPIO into a relay that draw high ampere
Python serial permission issue
No wifi connection after bootup, again
sshd stopped accepting external requests
WiringPi + softPwm calculation to determine duty cycle
Building a remote drone with a pi
NoIR raspberry set the blue filter
How do I connect to my router through wifi?
Root file system corruption of RO partition
Live audio streamed over wifi
how to get rid of colored grid on 100% cpu?
How should I mount a raspberry pi model B rev 1
Did my Pi lockup or was it halted?
Too many texture accesses
cheap low light display for PI
Emulate GPIO activity
My sdcards won't boot
16GB Micro SD Card, but out of space.
Is Raspberry Pi powerfull enough for commercial web development?
How can a USB Bluetooth Dongle be used as login TTY
Problem recording video with audio from usb soundcard using avconv
Data transfer from arduino to raspberry pi wirelessly?
Autorun script blocked me out
Simple Relay Control
Should I buy my Pi from Element 14 or the Raspberry Pi swag shop?
Can I use the GPIO while the Raspberry Pi is powered on?
How to import Xbee to Python?
Raspberry Pi B+ not visible on Windows Workgroup
Major trouble with nRF24L01+ controllers and the RF24 library
Raspberry Pi B+ CPU clock manipulation
What emulators are used with Emulation Station?
When booting with rootfs on NFS, where is the best place to put swap file?
Strange wifi/ethernet behaviour when plugging in/out ethernet cable
Camera doesn't work with GPIO PIR Sensor
How to run a (java) application at boot time on RaspberryrPi B+?
Remove repo from Raspbian
Usage of graphics core for headless XRDP server
Web Browser Performance
Reading pin state whether it's input or output using Python's RPi.GPIO
Establish connection between Qemu Raspbian machine and Host
Can't shutdown eth0 interface
TTL serial connection weirdness
RPIO does not work on Python 3, only in Python 2.7
Control sensor: SainSmart TGS-2600
Can't get Wi-Fi dongle to work
Arch Linux login password?
Raspberry Pi disable ssh without screen
Is it possible to power a model B+ via the 5v pins on the GPIO header?
How to switch my Raspberry Pi B+ with OpenElec on and off?
using a SSH and can't login on my raspberry
How to write to /dev/servoblaster from Python script?
Why were camera and display adapters not incorporated into official IO board?
How to setup eclipse CDT to cross compile the kernel for the Raspberry Pi
Motion - grey screen with camera module
Can't find the menu for adding an usb game controller
Cross-compile OMXPlayer
Node.js node-gyp error: gyp: Undefined variable module_name in binding.gyp while trying to load binding.gyp
Raspberry Pi SSH works fine, but console commands not visible on HDMI output
Supporting multiple monitor EDID override profiles
Taking a video stream with io.bytesio() and accessing frames during recording time
Raspberry and sessions - unusable slow
Hide navigation bar after page refresh in Midori
Raspberry Pi B+ direct interface with usb camera
Soldering Components onto RasPi headers
How long have you run your Raspberry Pi since its inception in 2012
How many ultrasonic sensor can a Raspberry pi B+ can handle?
Is anything getting written to the boot partition?
Opening the upnp stream from command line
I have tried to connect my Raspberry Pi using the HDMI lead, but it says no signal on the monitor and on the tv
Real time Sound output over USB
Connecting a high range (atleast 10m) RFID reader with Pi
Raspberry Pi Refuse to Set GPIO Value
Cannot find a LSB script for mopidy
Simple Buttons with GPIO, not working
Control dc motor using GPIO.PWM problem
How do I stop a python script from running via a webpage?
USB Modem rebooting problem
Test connectivity of a Interface
Powering Raspberry pi with 12 volt input
wpa_supplicant crashing(?)
How to share my internet connection on a (Windows) computer with a Raspberry Pi?
Installing opencv (C++) on Raspberry pi and other misc packages
No Video - Not Booting (But micro SD partition changed)
Raspbmc windows installer "Does Nothing"
apache subdomain setup
Control your Raspberry Pi with the TV remote
Force 1080i VGA on hdmi output
Use of 'sudo' for part of a Python script
Model B+ i2c issues with 7 segment display
[C++]Trying to control GPIO pins but I get a Device or Resource busy error. How can I stop Raspbian from hogging the GPIO?
Good way to start python script at startup with automatic restart if it crashes?
Install Raspbian packages directly from Ubuntu with chroot to Raspbian file system (on SD card)
Is raspberry Pi Stable enough
Installing python packages in the correct version
Interacting with a RJ11 "phone" / Hardware
Portable power supply for a PiHub?
GPIO pin PULL_DOWN would
Does the Raspberry Pi manage hardware interrupts?
Problem with underscan
Does my raspberrypi take up resources if I startx but remote ssh into the machine?
Edimax ew-7811un not operating at 5Ghz - Do I need to configure this?
Raspistill slow to trigger?
Using the camera with uv4l
What is the maximum number of DS18B20 probes that can attached to one input port?
Power on pi and cpu heats up very fast
Sensor to detect water/liquid level
Raspberry Pi + Gertduino
Can I connect Garmin Oregon 600 to my Pi B+
What happened to the i2s pins which are in RPI B board and not in RPI B+ board
Motion disable during the night
How can I put RaspberryPi to Shut down and wake up later?
Raspberry Pi B+ usb port disable
Is it possible to make a fully automatic installation of raspbian?
Sending i2c commands from arduino to pi
unmount root on headless pi
Optimising raspbian performance for python script
I2C and ST 24C64 (5V problem)
Manually install xserver on Raspbian
Viewing battery status Archlinux arm
Trying to create headless Pi through Mac
How to know which revision the rpi board belongs to using c language program
How can i detect which board i am using through the i2c of the raspberry pi
Shrinking partition for backup
Problem with debconf when trying to upgrade
Make sure the Pi won't waste internet bandwidth
Raspicam API cannot compile programs
RFID and MFRC522 library
Use interrupts in i2C between Ardiono and Raspberry Pi
Catch "switch on" TV signal
RPI B+ with connected servo is twitching
Logging Clients (and sites they visit) while using Raspberry PI as WLAN Hotspot
How to make an kiosk type application for the car?
Pi not booting properly
Appletalk access to root
PiCore not working
Fast image array processing with Pi NoIR camera in Python using picamera module
WiringPi: Random Interrupts caused by PWM?
How can I access my Pi that is connected to a 3G network from the outside Internet?
Would a Raspberry Pi be strong enough to work as a web filter?
Android on Raspberry Pi
Duplication a program from one PI to another
Same SD card working in one PI but not in another
Control LCD brightness?
Barcode Scanners compatible with Raspberry Pi
Motion works on one PI, but not on another
GPIO communication between 2 Raspberry Pis?
how is my IP being set?
Interfacing with a Winbond W25Q64BV flash chip via SPI
Bluetooth serial failure
Basic hand (touchless) gesture detection, solution needed
Controlling a Raspberry Pi with DMX
startx command fails after deleting /tmp folder
Measuring current using test points
How do I delay video from the raspberry pi camera module and output it through hdmi?
Pi wont load. Boots but doesn't load
How to display black screen on raspberry pi
SSH networking issues on raspbian
WiringPi Interrupt Problem
OpenCV. Can't open video from usb camera on the screen
Problem with network when external HDD to be mounted at boot is absent
contact pin 1(3,3v supply) pin 6(0v ground) reboot
How do I fix this 'transmission-daemon: command not found' error?
Raspbian won't boot
Can connect two bluetooth devices to the Raspberry Pi B +?
Force IPv4 address
Raspberry Pi with gertduino to use the rtc
Question about ssh
Connecting a 12V USB device to Pi
Kernel compilation failed when enabled DEBUG
Corrupted SD Card - RPi does not boot
Airplay plus Bluetooth Speaker
Cronjobs not working
RaspberryPi Timer Interrupt with WiringPi
The Composite Video on my Raspberry Pi isn't working
raspberry pi web server using USB HDD
Is it possible to use the Raspberry Pi to automate backups from Dropbox to an external hard drive?
Raspbian can't forward port to a ip in lan
Paired down version of RasPi
How can I make sure that wlan0: becomes ready before it tries to get an ip from DHCP on boot?
Connecting to an RC522 RFID reader
Headers to connect xtrinsic sensor board
sleep() affecting only one certain output
Fast OS for embedded system
How to drive nitinol (flexinol, muscle wire) through RPi
all raspberry pis connected to same breaker box are having their inputs pulled high or low randomly
Webcam capture into mp4 or mov (ffmpeg is very slow at this)
Does anybody else experience micro-freezes with the Raspberry over wifi?
static sound when recording with USB sound card mic/input on a B+
Will attaching an Adafruit TFT consume/block all the GPIO pins
Precautions to be taken while using the GPIO pins
pyspi and file descriptors
Optimal gpu_mem_512 split for headless server
RPi B+ not booting and green led flashes 4 times,with 4 different micro sd
Activate RPI-cam with rfid signal
Why is netatalk not updated?
Lamp or language best for raspberry pi
Noob here, how can I rig up a button to the GPIO, and set it so that it will trigger a key press?
hostname.sh ... failed!
How do I get my raspbmc to open a stream (such as mmc) on startup?
TFT 2.4 blank screen
cec-client works when run from cli but not from cron
Connecting a Long Stem Thermometer to a Raspberry Pi to automate the recording of temperature in an experiment
Can I use the output of one pin as VCC?
Authenticate Motion video stream via Apache web server on my PI
Is it normal to irssi freezes when receiving dcc?
only got 56mb left on 8gb card after RetroPie install
Compiling WiringPi (GPIO input) into raspistill/raspivid
Turning LED light on with Pi
Can the GPIO`s pins be used as another RX and TX?
Power supply for raspberry pi model b+
How to get RPi to generate a triangle wave, then outputting a PWM signal
Using python with bluetooth to communicate
Raspbian XBMC volume down alone not working. Why?
Is it safe to delete stuff in /usr/src ?
Streaming live video to websites?
Maximum number of Sensors supported by raspberry pi
Installing Tracks 2.2.3 on Raspberry Pi
Connect screen to rasp
Updating EmulationStation
UPS with battery reading
What is a failproof method for testing a GPIO pin?
Determining position with motion detection - Camera Module
Node.js v0.11.14 exits with "Illegal Instruction"
Speed up game ROMs with RetroPie
Netflix on Raspberry Pi (2014 version)
Connect RPi to laptop through Ethernet cable
GPIO Pin 17 does not trigger RPi.GPIO callback
How to use NTP on Raspberry Pi by local NTP server
what is the use of this patch 'ASOC: dapm: add code to configure dai link parameters from "rpi-3.12.y" '?
RaspberryPI and MAME ROMS
Mount windows share: Bad UNC
Off-the-shelf synthetiser solution for MIDI piano
Raspbian: Download sources of older packages
Kernel .config necessary options
MicroSD correct partition to edit config file, problems in Windows
Raspberry Pi Surveilance Cam online
Controlling omxplayer with frontend-term
How to install stripped version of GTK (without *dbg files)?
Streaming Audio to Multiple Wireless Speakers
PWM-based controlling an LED-strip using transistors, circuitry problems
GPIO interference
Why is GPIO 16 on at boot?
Unable to share attached hard drive with samba
Unable to install packages after updating Raspberry pi
Install Arch Linux from osx
Installing MySQL server in latest (NOOBS) Raspbian
Starting raspberry pi from button
Develop Raspberry Pi setup on the PC and then flash the SD card?
Multiple Wifi Networks: Connect to Strongest Signal
How do I run Piscope
Using motionPie: I'm stuck trying to install a camera driver
Run Chromium (in Kiosk mode) Without Startx Loading the Desktop
One wire temperature sensor DS18B20 sudden precission drop
Facial Recognition on Raspberry Pi using GoPro
'var gpio' INVALID SYNTAX in IDLE3, Raspberry Pi
Web server autostart
PJSIP cross compilation linker error unresolvable relocation
Wake up 'sleeping' wlan-connection
Best way to stream video over internet with RPi?
Recovering a borked /boot partition
change keyboard layout in console
Fail to print using python-cups: "client-error-document-access-error"
Raspberry PI B+ color screen and NOOBS
Turning on Camera with code
How can I schedule a task to power down USB HDD and USB Wifi?
RPi with openELEC - hebrew subtitles are seen as jibberish
How can I refresh image displayed by fbi without black screen transition?
How to get microcontroller connected to WiFi - no keyboard, screen, or native app
How can I detect if specific USB port is being used, and then command an action?
Can't make change to "route" stick
Raspberry pi B+ first boot
How to add os manually to berryboot
GUI for Pi - Python or Java
Streaming Audio and Video from a remote Raspberry Pi to my computer
alsa cannot read control invalid argument
How do I monitor the temperature ever 3 seconds without entering new commands?
Can't capture info from omxplayer
Car computer how to connect to car battery and also not drain battery when the car is switched off
Connect mac to multiple raspberry pis with desktop switch
Webcam Philips SPC230NC not working
B vs. B+ power consumption
raspberry pi rebooting all the time
Simple wifi-independent way of connecting to pi via ethernet
Powering a stack of Raspberry Pis
Raspeberry pi b+ wifi connection
Picamera taking pictures fast and processing them
Execution time performance when counting up to 1,000,000,000
Install Adobe LightRoom on Raspberry Pi B+
Raspberry Pi News Ticker
USB ports unrespnsive after dist-upgrade
Detect Power Loss in AC outlet
Turn LED on and off with switch
Getting image data from raspberry pi camera module in OpenCV with Python
How to setup DNS server on a closed network?
Can't get PyAudio working with Raspbian
TP link wn725n Wifi getting disconnected on Raspberry Pi B+
SPI to soft UART
Arch linux soft shutdown
node.js installation error
RPi can't connect to internet via Mac internet sharing
How can I save images of the RPi camera on a network drive?
Disable bcm2708_fb, the HDMI framebuffer device
pyramid framework on raspberry pi
motor and audio
SSH From outside the local network
5.3v power source into the GPIO
Raspberry Pi and lirc communication
Raspbian - Network-Manager 0.9.6 or newer?
Raspberry Pi kiosk mode
Should SD card be removable with little pressure?
Can't open Midori
Can't format my Raspbian SD Card
Samba configuration file
unable to resolve host
How to setup XBMC for BTSync?
Send SMS using Pi
Why don't I get all available packets from apt?
How do I stop two wireless dongles switching between wlan0 and wlan1?
PIGPIO: Can child process use the parent initilized pigpio library?
Driving 12V relays from Raspberry Pi
shell creation report boost::interprocess::bad_alloc error
Troubleshoot monitor resolution scaling/overscan
How to control multiple raspberry pi's at once over ethernet?
External USB 2.5" HDD's with the Raspberry Pi B+
Xenomai to Raspberry
Watterott RPi-Display TFT no output
Java 8, jfxrt.jar not included?
Getting a return from the terminal in c
omxplayer video position and dimension
Can GPIO measure 3-10ms input spike?
cannot connect ssh between wifi and ethernet
Dynamic compression / limiter of MP3 audio playback?
Can we now use the DSI cnnector?
Speech Recognition
Run script at bootup
Raspberry Pi camera for underwater movies and pictures
Can't connect to Ethernet port on RPI
i2c connection to mopi not working on one image
PS4 HDMI Video Streaming via Upnp for access on other devices
my RPi connt connect to the internet even it is connect to the network
Raspicam C++ API mmal linking
Two GPIO-based TFT screens?
Boot config.txt is ignored
Should I expect an error message if booting without SD card?
How to view videos played on omxplayer via ssh or vnc?
NFC emulate TAG ID to Keystroke
Getting 3 new entries in /dev/ttyUSBx for each 3G dongle connected
UART cannot send
Will reformatting external hard drive to Ext4 from NTFS speed up data transfers?
Is it possible to add an ethernet port to raspberry pi a+?
Rasp PI spectrum analyzer led strip length
How do I connect my raspberry pi to an app?
Check whether an I2C slave device is ready or not
I2C receive handler, as seen on I2C for Arduino
Run a python script from terminal
What are the improvements included on the Raspberry Pi Model A+
Cross compile problem with libsndfile in QtCreator
RTL8192cu wifi Authentication request to the driver failed
How to measure DC current RPi?
Stereo vision with raspberry
How to update multiple Pis at once?
Cross Compiling Protobuf for Raspberry Pi
Where is the default error log for upstart in Raspberrian?
Monitoring Network Traffic
Cannot ping gateway
How to write raspistill image to usb drive
Troubleshoot USB RFID desktop reader ACS ACR1281U
Write full frame images or video at 5fps
Daisy Chaining MCP23017 & Addressing
GPIO problems, when run infinitely goes to the right
Filtering noise w/ pi as FM transmitter and sound source
How can you preset the IP address (and other parameters) of a Raspberry Pi?
Change incoming downloads folder in OpenELEC
How can I combine many inputs on one pin?
CUPS referencing old Gutenprint version
eth0 interface not starting on boot
RPi compile under ubuntu
Play music stream via node
ADC to capture speech (8khz, 16bit)
Stackable real time clock?
Stream and capture video when necessary
How to connect a 12V fan sensor wire to the Pi
Mount error (112) : Host is down
Is there a display that can be turned on/off via a Pi?
crontab versus /etc/cron.d
Java app won't start after updating
No Video on 4.3" TFT using RCA composite cable on B+
PySerial not responding after 10 seconds of inactivity
What's the best way to interface RPi with an Android app?
24 bit recording in raspberry pi
I2C problem reading data - only sometimes
rPi B+ Arch Linux running Java application
Which cloud storage service will be better for my needs?
Board-to-Board (B2B) connector for Raspberry Pi
My Pi and external hard drive only connects occasionally (other linux machine can read it)
Read load of battery via USB
Connecting RFID reader over USB
Resistor calulation for two LED
Default resolution change between firmware versions
may connect 26 pin touchscreen display to a 40 pin raspberry pi A+?
Pi dead: U3 IC gets extremely hot
ttyAMA0 disabled but still shows one boot message
Pi Permanent Wiring
Play MIDI from Raspi using external controller
RPi freezes after booting
Send linux command between 2 pis on same network
How to get an IR sensor and motors to work together?
External shutdown (properly) button?
Rasperry pi cluster
Pi as WiFi Repeater
RetroPi on B+ - Slowness, music glitches when WiFi connected
Fibaro Wall Plug FGWPE_F-101 Node has failed
Configure USB port as a network
What register do I use to control the PWM clock on the BCM2835 used in the Raspberry Pi?
Weak performance during motion detection with picamera and python script
Would that work: install a VPN to watch foreign TV
Measure SoC (Juice left) in battery
What steps can be taken to use the Pi as mission critical hardware?
Is it possible to update SD card image over network
Progressive JPEG hardware encoding
Switching power source from power bank to mains without interrupt
What is the best power supply for the Raspberry Pi B+?
Lowest latency - video from CSI to screen
Push buttons getting too many events
Why there is only Raspbian in NOOBS 1.3.10?
Can I connect two Linux systems via USB?
Virtual machine from SD card
What do the LEDs on the B+ mean?
Problem using startx on raspbian
How to do a repeated start with the Raspberry Pi to get the MMA8452Q accelerometer working?
Pins I2C cannot be used as input
Why is Python the preferred language for the pi
Interference with Freeview box
Beginner Question - Reading Temperature, Opening Water Valve, Status LED
Automount USB as read only for MP3 player
Can I connect a Raspberry Pi to the VGA port on my laptop, like a projector?
Java ME embedded has no effect on the raspberry pi's gpio
Unstable perfomance with Seagate external HDD
Update time whenever possible
Serial console cable choice
how can i connect to internet via usb dodge of a wireless keyboard?
Rpi+, Volumio, 64gb micro SD and PiDAC+
Enable GPCLK line for 1MHz (or greater) clock
Sensor minimum/maximum operating voltage
Create Startup Sound
Force Minecraft-pi to use PiTFT, not HDMI
Headless RaspberryPi Network Login [Proxy]
HDMI Passthrough on TV
Determine if running on a Raspberry Pi in Node.js
My Pi noIR camera with additional IR led lighting gives me totally black picture
"PulseEight CEC Adapter - Configuration updated" crash the network
Assembly - set gpio as input
Issues with multiple SDA sensors
Deleting and transferring files remotely on OpenELEC
Settings for Transmission reset after reboot
Multiple Arduino-Raspberry Pi serial
Can't run Fuze Basic remotely with tighVNC
Using git to version control the Raspi OS
I2C device inside case + GPIO ribbon outside case
Using Raspberry Pi as a Tunnelbear sharing device
Raspberry Pi as an ASIC
How can I use SDI-12 to communicate with a sensor?
Running RPi on Solar Panel and battery
Transmission not reloading after reboot
Raspberry pi servo motor angle calculation
Change/reset password WITHOUT monitor/keyboard
Raspberry Pi, GPS (adafruit) and ntp does not work
Control audio file with one button
Finding a relay capable of being constantly switched?
Why am I getting the warning Hardware is initialized using a generic method in alsa setup?
apt-get install/upgrade 403 Forbidden
Unmount NFS shared drive without stopping nfs-kernel-server
Systel level differences in making a GPIO high in Raspberry PI vs Beaglebone
Hardening Raspberry Pi performance for reliable 24x7x365 use
model B goes offline after a few days, power light is dim, V(TP1-TP2)~=2.6, but Voltage across power supply reads 5.12V
Multiple instances of /usr/sbin/ifplugd and high CPU usage
ssh to raspberry pi with laptop as monitor
9 Data Bits on UART pins?
Measuring frequency via GPIO
Connecting Adafruit NFC breakout and serial console at the same time
Torrents Tools web keeps crashing
What is the significance of .y and .y-next in the Raspberry Pi kernel branch names?
I want to set the alt function for the gpio in raspberry pi
Serial line hangs after first call
How to setup a Host-Only network for RPi
Is it safe to connect arduino with motors to pi via USB?
Monitor/Debug SPI using another GPIO Pin?
automatically restart service on boot
How to configure a Pi model A for OTG usage (as a USB slave)
Gertboard to control 4 servos?
What is recovery mode?
Can the Raspberry Pi power this 2.5" drive without a USB hub?
Is it possible to run only the kernel?
Raspberry Hardware simulator to practice on
Eject ipod from Rpi without disconnecting
What's the fastest way to upgrade multiple Pis?
Executing bash script in python language
Simple solenoid valve control troubleshooting
ARMv6 Instruction set for getting timestamp counter (TSC)?
Raspbian often boots to a blank screen, however the Pi is responsive and accessible from SSH and the network
I am getting ghosting/bouncing on my digital input
How Can I Help My Community?
Plymouth on Raspberry Pi
bad_alloc error
Raspberry Pi in 24/7/365 production
phpMyAdmin MySQLi extension error
raspberry pi os programming
Can pins 18 and 21 be used to power two DC motors with one L293D
On-the-fly CPU overclocking
Proper hardware debouncing my interrupt driven digital electrical meter input?
How to connect to a headless Raspberry Pi A+?
How to start up with a raspberry pi b+ with a laptop
Is there a power-safe way to upgrade the Linux kernel?
Buildroot on Raspberry, IPE R2
programming raspberry pi with C/C++ simd instructions
Raspberry Pi GPIO input fluctuating
Install golang the easy way
Can Raspberry Pi drive a PCB speaker directly?
Sync Audio & Video From Pi Camera & USB Microphone
Running raspbian from usb stick, does it matter what kind of usb stick I use?
Controlling a brushed motor ESC from the Raspberry Pi
Output SDL to TFT screen from console
Is it possible to use the mini UART and PL011 UART together on a rpi B+?
How many GND does a RasPi model B rev.2 P1 header have?
SSH only works with monitor connected
AC 230 V dimmer for Raspberry PI?
RPi B v2.0 not accepting keyboards
RPi B v2.0 P5 header on RPi B+
How can I tell if Java is performing properly?
Default duty cycle of hardware PWM using wiring-pi
Install GNURadio on Raspbian
Full duplex Audio With USB Sound Card
Compiling TP-LINK TL-WN725N v2 Drivers - make errors
Resolution properties for python's OpenCV and uv4l camera driver
Can I run a LAMP server with a webmin interface on my raspberry pi on raspbian?
Is there a way to make a Transmission Torrent Server from a Pi?
Raspberry Pi + Qt4 + Opencv cross compile from windows
Can I use Google Translate to make my Raspberry Pi speak in different languages on demand?
Is it possible to expand the PWM signal?
GUI over SSH problem
How can I access Raspbian Jessie packages from Wheezy?
How to stream Internet videos (e.g. Netflix) on a Rasberry Pi media player?
My raspberry pi is having issues booting (It kinda boots) (Need help please)
xbuild fails to build .csproj on raspbian
problems running XBMC on 2011 Raspberry Pi
Why does plugging a usb 2.0 memory stick into a 2011 raspberry pi running openelec cause it to crash?
Designing Raspberry Pi Compute Module with Ethernet capability
Resolving Windows Shares
Is my Pi's GPIO damaged?
Power on 5V GPIO power pin at boot
How to create regular backups of my PIs
How to setup Emacspeak on raspbian OS
Completely copying a Pi over SSH
Connecting LED to GPIO pin without using jumper wire
How much current does the Raspberry Pi can handle?
Raspberry Pi Drum Module
MP4 player for Raspbian
Building a two DC motor robot cart with rpi
Flowchart software for Raspbian
Troubleshoot MCP23017 and LEDs
Make 'ifup eth0' permanently UP
Getting started with raspberry pi B+
i am unable to boot with my latest rpi-3.18.0 kernel and enabling the device tree?
How to package Shell Bash files for apt-get
SSH: connection refused - Server started but sshd not running?
Root access , nightmare when TRYING to learn the basics
Python in the latest Raspbian Wheezy
Raspbian /sys/bus/w1/devices/ is empty when having multiple 1-wire DS18B20 temperature sensors
How can I create a gui for PiTFT?
RPi Model B 512 MB--FreeBSD--text running off screen
Raspberry PI digital signage solution
Moving files on OpenELEC
Change video source on TV using SCART
Smoke detection using raspberry pi?
Want to run a simple C program on startup of pi
Is there any way to record audio output by using command line?
Executing a command via PHP
Cloning SD card causes "interface eth0 does not exist"
Make a web server accessible only to specific MAC addresses?
how to receive incoming data from tcp socket
Start raspbmc to commandline immediately
Count RPM/Frequency/Pulses on GPIO ports (Maximum?)
Get Data from Pi without Network
HDMI sound: omxplayer works but not aplay
Is it possible to break a DS18B20 temperature probe via a software bug?
ASM - how do I write graphics straight to the screen
GPIO pins: (3v3 and #pins) not providing power
Can't access web server via hostname
Raspberry Pi cluster running as gaming server (TF2 modded minecraft)
Connect a Bluetooth Device as a COM Port
rPi model B + MCP23017 + relay board. GPA0 pin low output not close enough to 0v to trigger relay
Extracted SMS body and passing it in a condition (Python)
Connect my raspberry to my pc by usb
Cannot connect to DHCP server running on the rpi
Raspberry boot files
Access motion server from the internet
wpa_gui fails to fetch wpa_supplicant status
How can I send audio to BOTH headphone jack and HDMI?
Cannot get mpd to hear mpc commands from localhost
how to generate smooth frequency ramp
Motion-Mmal: I want to disable live stream capabilities
Arduino to RPi serial Communication
Problem configuring WiFi
bridging RPi wlan0, eth0 and getting internt through eth1(USB Modem)
Raspberry Pi as near real time digital signal processor
Confast WIfi Adapter WU810n for raspberry pi B+
Raspbian lxde desktop misbehaving
raspivid not saving metadata
Is it possible to use VPN on the PI using WLAN?
Baking Pi Lesson 02 does not work on B+
cannot setup remote platform for Raspberry Pi B+ on Netbeans 8.0.2
How is it possible to make hardware pwm more precise?
Looking for a simple/minimal telnet chat service
Is it possible to use Haskell on Arch Linux ARM?
Extend IO pins to 256?
Unplugged pi while installing LibreOffice, now won't load desktop environment
Constant Stream of Distortion/Noise from 3.5mm Jack
OpenWrt to Raspberry Pi
Compile linux device driver in Raspbian
Can't find the right SD card slot
RetroPie no HDMI output and "The disk you inserted was not readable by this computer"
Raspberry Pi backup server (windows & mac)
Driving LED stripes as non-root user
Routing Video Feed Through Computer
Update Python version on Raspbian
how to use Pi-cam module as webcam
Can't make two network interfaces at once work properly
Problems connecting XBMC v13.2 (GOTHAM) to wireless network
installing wifi adapter driver in raspberry pi
115200 Baud Rate Problem for Raspberry Pi /dev/ttyAMA0 vs /dev/ttyUSB0 with XBee Radios
Drivers for dwa-171 wifi usb dongle
Is there an alternative to the "Pi Store" for Raspbian?
Midori prevents Facebook Log Out
Raspberry Pi B+ not displaying screen
Sharp 50LD264E CEC not working with OpenELEC on RPi
How do you hook up wifi to it? I keep trying and it will not work
Not enough power to the Raspberry Pi B+
Accessing predefined kernel virtual address in raspberry-pi
Best HDD for NAS server?
Cannot use particular pin in GPIO
Do I need a soft-float/"armel" installation to run a soft-float/"armel" driver?
Delay in Communication Between Arduino and RPi
Update of raspbian downloaded to Ubuntu
Checking all the specific GPIO pins if it is HIGH or LOW and putting it in a CONDITION
Disabling start of services at boot
LED wont light up
Controlling a official lego servo motor via Raspberry Pi
Shutting down Raspberry Pi with PHP
Sound is being cut off
Cannot install TightVNCServer
Raspbian - SSH timeout from outside LAN
How to replace a rootfs with another one?
What is the right value of GPIO_BASE in Linux kernel for Pi?
Can I swap OS SD cards among Raspberry Pi?
USB drive is rejected
Monitor temperature in fahrenheit
Level shifters for serial communication to an arduino
Error when running a program to test library that write values on GPIO
No display on Benq GW2255 model for Raspberry Pi Model B+
Raspberry Pi does not start up, green LED flashes 2 times
Reliably Reading from the Serial Port in Python
VMware across clustered Raspberry Pi
GPIO - output pin signals fed back to input pins
is it possible to use in the same raspberry pi x10 heyu system and use it as a server to access from a app?
Move OS to new USB stick in Berryboot
Failed to run camera app. Please check for firmware updates
Problem installing aircrack-ng
Unable receive character properly in UART
GPIO Connections
Raspberry PI A+ Power requirements
Installation of “monitord” under Raspberry PI
Automatically starting VNC server doesn't work
does the kernel.img file loaded at physical @ 0x00000000 or 0x00008000
USB Wifi adopter Comfast CF-WU715
Apache internal host of repository for Raspberry Pi
Can the Exposure or Brightness of a Pi-cam be adjusted without interrupting a running process
Ext. HDD I/O Error - suspends, power issues?
Loading the NOOBS image for 1st time -- What's the purpose of the "Data Partition" selection
Use a servo right from the GPIO without a breakout board
How to Connect Raspberry Pi with GSM sim900a mini rs232
The pi as a mobile, off-grid outdoor device
How to add thing to the tool bar application launcher
automatically uninstall all non essential packages
gpio pins stop working after connecting to a relay
VPN - Route some traffic not through VPN
How to use headerfile from diffrent libraries in same code
Homemade Raspberry Pi television remote?
No connection to xrdp after changing from dhcp to static IP
Raspberry Pi High-Quality Sound Recording
How to run 2 scripts together?
Is Raspberry PI appropriate as gift for a non-english speaking person?
Image Backup size doesn't match size on the card?
Difficulty running python from command line
Dumbing down HDMI control on a openelec Pi
SPI sclk no output
Permission denied for GUI operations
What are the Specs of a 2011 Raspberry Pi?
How to make PocketSphinx use ALSA? (instead of pulseaudio or jack)
Epiphany Browser is unable to display HTML5 Video
Installing the "Inconsolata" font as the default console font - or any other font
Current draw for +/2/3/0 models
My raspberry pi only have the green led on (model B+)
Redirect boot messages to file
Webserver wth phpMyAdmin running. How Do I Connect to the database I created?
How should I install drivers for my wireless adaptor on raspi B+ mode?(raspbian OS)?
Would OpenElec Run Faster Off an External Hard?
design a hardware whether to base on arduino or raspberrypi
Wireless button
Build a Bluetooth gps receiver
Can touching the back of the Raspberry Pi Camera to the GPIO pins of the Raspberry Pi cause irreparable damage?
How to share internet connection from ubuntu with RPi using Ethernet Cable
Is it possible to connect zigbee and a GSM modem over the same RX, TX GPIO pins of Pi?
Remote Connection to Pi to same Display as HDMI Port
Connect DVD Drive to Rasberry Pi and Share
Is it possible to flash the Pi's firmware live?
What is the maximum frequency to count the pulses?
Applications menu
Remapping keyboard
raspbian: Launch a program when X starts
USB wifi won't connect after reboot
How can I test if the serial / UART is good on a Raspberry Pi?
How do I pass a variable to a python script run from crontab?
Power LED is very dim on RPi B+
Disable samba encrytion on OpenElec
Raspberry Pi as an captive portal with CoovaChilli
raspbian MIDI connection script at autostart
i2cdetect strange output
Monitor an outlet to see when power switches on and off
DS18B20 not listed in /sys/bus/w1/devices
Mounting the Apple Time Capsule from Raspberry Pi
Is it possible to create a keyboard shortcut that acts as an on/off switch?
how to autorun a python program in raspberry pi when power supply is ON
Programming SPI display on Raspberry Pi
Connecting accessory for Arduino with RPi B+
wlan repeater ip-address difficulties
What else can I do to maximize the RAM left for my application after all the services are started?
wireless was working but now the adapter isn't even recognised
Edimax 8192cu wifi dongle can't connect to hidden network
insmod segmentation fault error each time I insert a basic module
Fitting a CPU Cooler on a Raspberry Pi
What is VideoCore MMU used for?
Popcorn-time or other media streamer
Cannot get IR-LED transmitter to work
Modern way to stream H.264 from the Raspberry Cam
Using ASUS USB-AC53 Dual-Band Adapter with raspberry pi
Unable to send file from Raspberry Pi to my system through SSH
I can't access the internet through my raspberry pi when connected through ssh
Running two cameras at the same time (Pi Camera & USB camera)
Pi B+ as a 24v motor controller, code written in C#(Mono). Power concerns
How to decide the amount of resistors for gpio
Why do I have to "flash" the operating system onto the microsd card. Why can't I just copy and paste?
BCM2835 Event Detection
Can there be an active input to the pi's GPIO before i/o set-up?
avconv version 9.14 streaming video (using UV4L driver RaspiCam) and video (using ALSA) to ustream, no audio
Will any external battery power a Raspberry Pi?
Connecting a pi to an LCD monitor screen
What is the Raspberry Pi power supply connector called?
Can I record a 24 hour video on the Raspberry Pi with camera module?
GPIO pins on Raspberry Pi B+ not responding
Access denied when starting systemd service
Gameport to USB?
How do I link against a non-default build of GTK2?
noise on the analog jack shadowing the RPi activity
Which addressable RGB LED strips are beginner friendly and Raspberry Pi friendly?
Do we need to put i2c code into kernel?
I'm looking for a serial input type "polychromatic" LED as an output for my raspberry pi. Does such a device exist?
How can I get a clock in C accurate enough to control a servo?
How to keep my Hard Drive safe (physically)
Why are blue LED's glowing brighter than green and yellow LEDs?
DS18B20 not fully working on Raspberry Pi
How to connect to internet from archlinux and install python
Raspberry Pi Wifi hotspot without DNS resolution
NTFS with high CPU usage
40Mhz pulse counting and storing count value
Simple DC Solenoid Valve Circuit, How to size components?
Wifi stops working just after unplugging rj45 cable
Sending data to a 1602 LCD in Mono C# over i2c
Pi works, GPIO part will not cooperate
Kiosk Webclient
Auto startup of the Midori web browser is not working on Raspberry pi
Best way to create a web frontend for Python-based automation project
How can a read-only SD card get corrupted repeatedly?
Permission denied, logged in with root user
Wake up TV once browser webpage is changed/updated
Will a Duracell 9V battery power my Raspberry Pi for 24 hours?
How to use Jack (or similar software) to route music played in the Pi as audio input (like a microphone)?
3V3 to 5V logic level shifter - looking for alternative to 74AHCT125
USB modem stops wlan0 network and crashes rpi
Connecting to Pi via SSH over WiFi - Does WiFi shutoff after no useage?
Check for I2C device presence
Western Digital Elements not recognized
PiCamera not Working
Raspberry Pi vs BeagleBone torrentbox
Possible to reinstall X server and use graphical after having removed it?
Theoretical maximum data rate of GPIO pins
E: Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1)
Controlling Pi via PC through TightVNC
What firmware parts non opensource (yet)?
Programming a non-audio headphone jack peripheral
Can I get better performance on Raspbian if I blacklist a lot of kernel modules in raspi-blacklist.conf?
QEMU installation error
What happens if ~3.3v is connected to a GPIO set as output?
use initrd to fastest boot time
SSH Connection refused after startup
Can I use PS/2 barcode scanner with the Compute Module?
Triggering python code arrow keys
I think I broke it, the GPIO
Touchscreen Pi GPIO Connection
Boot Raspberry PI with Full Screen Epiphany Browser & Disable Screen Sleep
Raspberry Pi remote desktop
Wifi troubles on RPi A+
Output power of the Raspberry Pi Transmitter
My external USB HDD doesnt spin down
Case for x200 Expansion Board & Raspberry Pi
How to install emacs24.4 on a Raspberry Pi Model B+?
Rapberry pi camera module vs usb camera
Broken pipe when SSH using Mac OS X
Raspberry pi sound level
Getting a Runtime warning and a Traceback warning
Would a powered USB hub for Model B work to power Model B+?
Kernel not updating on Raspbian under QEMU
Connecting Raspberry Pi (running Raspbian) to open WiFi using only the command line
ssh stopped working randomly
Web based IR/RF device control over long range
Manually dialling a USB 4G modem
Why does ssh return "no route to host" unless tshark is running?
How to export repaired ext4 filesystem to SD card without reinstall?
GPIO Temperature Sensor not Recognized
what would be the simplest way of reading about 50+ gpio inputs?(momentary buttons)
HDMI to micro usb?
Why my Raspberry Pi cannot find Si7021 (temperature and humidity sensor)?
How to record a video automatically with an embedded system
Where can I buy Compute Units?
Can Compute Modules provide clustering and high availability?
Node.Js on raspbian not found with Sudo
Npm Install failes von raspbian
change directory on boot and run script on boot?
Raspberry Pi as a link between a scanner and cloud storage
Why I cannot read the temperature/humidity sensor sht20?
Headless wifi configuration ( AP mode )
GPS Add-on GPIO Board Prevents Pi From Booting
How to create an GPIO event loop with C (Or Objective-C)?
Which one to choose for project work?
Multiple Display Screens
Shutdown RPi by plugging power (SD card mounted read-only)
external power supply to sensors
Reset Pi Noir Camera
raspivid - h264 video doesnt have any duration data when playing footage
Network Manager - VPN add button enabled but inside of it everything is grey
How is Raspberry Pi "open source" if it uses ARM?
Has Anybody Built A Raspberry Pi Inside A Mouse Yet?
Why do I get a 'Connection timeout'? - And how to fix?
GPIO general use pins stuck in HIGH position
Raspberry Pi kernel compilation adding Galaxy touchscreen drivers
RPi freezes during boot (bind9 samba)
Pi running a midori fullscreen dashboard and wifi check cronjob keeps running out of memory
Mounting one USB stick to multiple locations
What is the resistance of the GPIO outputs?
Is there a way to display images from raspistill on a webpage without saving them on the file system first?
Network drops after 10 minutes of moderate activity
USB Issues with recent kernel build
Connecting a Wii remote to the Pi
Raspberry Pi remote connection using Xming and putty
record and stream video from camera simultaneously
Can I use Raspberry pi as NAS with Raid 1 and encrypted file systems?
I2C PIC18F2520 and PI
rPi with two video signals
Input device to enter a number between 0 and 99?
Gertboard programming atmega328p : can't define "board" to program
Soil moisture sensor compatibility
How to compile OpenCV software on Raspberry?
"…relocation truncated to fit: R_AVR_13_PCREL against symbol…" using PlatformIO on Raspbmc through ssh
Keyboard and Wi-Fi dongle don't work after updating kernel
My speakers don't work on my raspberry pi but my headphones do. Why is this?
Error while loading shared libraries: cv2.so
Firmware 3.18.x breaks I²C, SPI, audio, lirc, 1-wire (e.g. /dev/i2c-1, No such file or directory)
Integrated Pi Laptop with the Atrix Lapdock
kodi (xbmc) on raspbian can't activate keyboard or mouse
How to stream raspivid to Linux and OSX using GStreamer, VLC or Netcat?
Raspberry Pi USB Devices
External FDX and LNK LEDs
Custom Splash Screen not working properly in Raspberry Pi B+
Display raspicamera on PiTFT screen
Can I wire a relay AND a breadboard?
High Resolution cycle counter for Raspberry Pi
How to make folders writable?
Trying to use Pi as a bridge between 3G dongle and Ethernet
Flashing raspbian-netinst image results in "Superblock last mount time is in the future."
ImportError No module named utils
How to SSH into rPi in this setup/config?
Has anyone found a method of streaming netflix to a RaspberryPi (Raspbian, Raspbmc, etc)
Minimum filesystem for the tar command to run
Control DC Motor with Servo Controller
Ant and termite detection using PIR
loading programs onto SD card and installing. No Network
How Can I Uninstall Shairport?
Limelight - Read timed out
RetroArch Skips Random Frames in RetroPie
How to hook up an AM2302 temperature & humidity sensor several feet away from the Raspberry pi?
why two RPis show quite different ntp results?
Automatically synchronise time with mac on local network without internet access
Dual displays using gert vga 666 adapter and hdmi output
readonly filesystem after reboot
Cross-compiling with Windows using Eclipse
compile package python-lightblue from source
Creating a 0-10V voltage range for ballasts using Raspberry PI and amplifiers
Issue with MT7601U usb dongle wifi driver
Using Ralink RT5370 on Raspbian is causing hangs and kernel panics
Bluetooth Input Not Outputting High Quality Audio to FM
Automatic mounting of NAS drive fails
OpenELEC on Raspberry Pi B+ hangs after reboot
Adafruit GPS module (plugged in via SMA to u.FL adapter to usb) is preventing all of my other USB devices from working
Cannot Get PiPlay (formerly piMAME) to work
Can RPi dynamically switch between HDMI and NTSC output, or does this require a re-boot?
what is the differnece between the gpio interrupt and hardware interrupt?
Raspberry PI B+ GPIO not responding
spidev.xfer2 in python gives IOError: [Errno 22] Invalid argument
Uncompressed Video recording
Raspberry Pi as music proxy
cherrypy on raspberry very slower than pc
WLAN Access Point (bridge) freeze at "nl80211: Set beacon"
Unmodified Linux Distro Install
Controlling a continuous servo with raspberry pi
installing OpenCV 3.0 on raspberry pi b+
Let PI ask a new IP address every time the ethernet cable is plugged in
SSH host unreachable on PI
How do I get monitor to display true black?
Python script always throws exception the first it is ran after reboot
Not clean NTFS filesystem hangs command
How to control omxplayer via LIRC?
GPIO 5V max mA usage
New Raspberry Pi B+ is dead after 30 minutes, any ideas?
Is the new raspberry pi 2 software compatible with the old raspberry pis?
Change the GPIO pull_up_down=GPIO.PUD_UP to GPIO.PUD_DOWN?
Raspberry PI2 what is the maximum sdcard speed?
OMXplayer: scale strange rtsp stream
Do the GPIO registers have the same addresses on the new Raspberry Pi 2?
Stop while Loop by GPIO INPUT in Python
Raspberry Pi NoIR hangs. Only a physical power off solved
Delay Problem in Audio/Video when Multiplex in One through Python
Cloning SD card on the raspberry pi
Can't connect Raspberry Pi to TV over HDMI
OpenELEC and Kodi 24/7
How do I port my game to the Raspberry Pi?
Edimax EW-7811Un Frequently Drops SSH Connection
Looking for Optically isolated input board for Raspberry Pi
New Raspbian(Pi2) Image on Model B
Which graph database can ran on a Pi for small website?
Is there a Low-Def HDMI monitor for Raspberry be that is not more expensive that RPi itself?
Is there a 802.11ac dongle with drivers ready for the raspberry pi?
Playstation 2 emulation
Raspberry Pi 1.2 GHz kernel panic
update apps distributed to client raspberry pi
Atrix Lapdock Mounting Solution
Does Raspberry PI 2 supports H.265 hardware decoding?
where are rapsian files located?
Can MINIX 3 work on the Raspberry Pi 2?
Why is my Raspberry Pi 2 with OSMC slow?
Problems with installing Node.js NPM package
Raspberry Python Libraries
Unable to find a compatible palette format
VPN Not launching on boot
Cannot update Arch Linux
My external harddrive has semi dissapeared?
cvlc hanging my pi
Raspberry Pi GPIO pins stuck high after using L239D chip
Cron for Raspberry Pi
Getting "sh: can't access tty; job control turned off" with fresh NOOBS
Reboot to a specific distro from ssh
Raspberry Pi newcomer questions
Use OR Operator Between Two GPIO on python
CEC complaining without monitor
How can I get my init.d script to be the last startup item on runlevel 4?
BlueZ installed on Model B doesn't transfer to Model A
Streaming from RPI over VLC
Faster Way To Transfer Video FIle
Available memory on Raspberry Pi 2 (missing 240 MB)
Sampling on the Pi using MCP3004
Raspbmc not booting on Pi 2
libCEC not working on LG TV (LD330)
GPIO won't work with Pure Data extended
Ideas for limited camera pan and tilt
ImportError: No module named GPIO
TL-WN725N v2 WiFi adapter not working on Raspberry Pi Arch Linux
Minimize Kodi to run full screen X on OSMC Alpha 4
How to display kannada fonts using TFT display
GPIO pin already exist GPIO 1 error
Configure Xbmc/kodi via command line
Recording Temperature and Humidity Data to a Memory Stick
Raspberry Pi not showing on network
gpio write doesn't work
Switching led over gpio
Raspberry Pi B+ Stuck at 2 volts output
Do I still need to purchase the MPEG-2 and VC-1 license keys for the Raspberry Pi 2?
controlling rgb led strip via spi and node js
Raspberry pi ventilation needs when in enclosure
Power regulation circuits on B+ vs 2 (light sensitivity)
Is it normal Raspberry CPU load above 1?
Missing log file
Get libstdc++5 on Raspbian
Odd ethernet problem - slow write speeds
Will gcc produce ARM7 code
Using Noobs on 8 GB SD card not using all space
Wifi Dongle not appearing in lsusb
Streaming From Pi Camera Module
Raspberry pi 2 1024M Increase Gpu Memory to 512 at least
DS18B20 Sensor not detecting
Where is cmdline.txt located on the NOOBS SD card?
What is windows 10 like for the Pi 2?
WiFi disconnects after period of time on Raspberry Pi, doesn't reconnect
Cannot connect to mirrordirector.raspbian.org
Raspberry pi power cable is unstable
MPU6050 gyroscope not responding
How to install and use GStreamer on latest Raspbian?
PiGPIO Library Example for Bit-Banging a UART
Raspberry pi boot stuck at udevd
How To Start Learning Python For Raspberry Pi?
Samsung Multifunction Printer with CUPS failing to print
How can you mirror the raspberry display?
Raspberry not booting w/ older Raspbian Release (only Red LED)
Powering 5V Fan GPIO 1 & 3
fsck crashes when booting from USB
Frame rate of h264 video?
Poor wifi performance after upgrading XBian with TP-LINK TL-WN823N (rtl8192cu)
Upgrading from Pi to Pi2
How to use OpenGL via SDL2?
running MonoGame on Raspberry Pi
pigpio import into Python and dc motor pwm control
Emulation of the Raspberry Pi with sensors
Raspberry Pi 2 GDBus.Error on start up
Can I use Fedora on the Pi 2?
Noir camera not disengaging when program closed
How to use a gpio as an interrupt?
HDMI works only in safe mode
Is it possible to connect to a display port?
Connect an android tablet touchscreen to a pi?
Is cooling needed to be able to overclock the Pi further?
How to auto start chromium after boot on the Raspberry 2 (2015-01-31 debian wheezy)?
RStudio Server on Rasperri Pi - dependency psmisc error
Switching between monitors
Leafpad edit over SFTP connection
How do I delay transmission-daemon startup until all shares are mounted?
Dropout Wi-Fi USB dongle
GPIO does not work on reboot
How to open terminal then run a program on the terminal simultaneously on startup?
How can I connect a kinect to my raspberry pi
Raspberry Pi Ethernet port not working after thunderstorm
How to control piTFT backlight in C code?
LXTerminal pegs my CPU at 100%
bluetooth transfer speed is very slower than windows ... why?
Can I write and read the pins of the GPIO just by using the shell?
I couldn't see cmdline.txt in my mac
how can I install php5-readline in Raspbian?
How to run the NTP daemon automatically?
Using a Raspberry Pi as a Media Player for Digital Signage and Local Video Streaming Solution
Question about Breadboard positioning
Raspbian dialog package problems on boot
How can I send commands from Arduino to raspberrypi
Does a browser exist for the Pi 2 that supports both WebRTC and HTML5 Canvas?
Raspberry 2 and Raspbmc not booting
Raspbian: Start X11VNC on boot
Raspberry pi as public web server
Boot from usb if available
/sys/devices/virtual/gpio dissapears after installing RPi.GPIO on Archlinux ARM
How to stream video from raspberry pi?
Epiphany & Proxy Server
Why are some GPIO pins not available?
How do I discover and control what channel my WiFi adaptor is running on?
Raspberry Pi 2 and its FPU
Can't find file 'whichopensslcnf' while it's there in OpenVPN
Problems getting NOIR camera board working with OpenCV2
Auto start TightVncServer on Raspberry Pi 2
sudo rpi-update freezes, help
How to play Akamai adaptive HLS stream in fullscreen mode with auto start on boot
How to set up visual studio to write programs for the Raspberry PI in c/c++?
Dual Channel Relay Python Script
Stream Logitech C615 using mjpeg-streamer
Automatically restart Tomcat on system reboots
Can't mount network drive - Permission denied
Is setting `max_usb_current=1` to give more power to USB devices a bad idea?
External HDD not always detected
How to install Waveshare SpotPear 4 inch LCD in RaspberryPI 2?
Is the Docker framework planned for Snappy Ubuntu Core on the Pi 2?
Raspberry Pi 2 refusing to boot after first few reboots
How to install Windows X on Raspberry Pi 2?
Powering several LEDs from GPIO output
PiTFT doesnot work after rpi-update
unable to open video device and grey screen
extend the current for PWM LED Control
Simulate GPIO pins
H264 IP camera stream by Raspberry Pi 2 with OpenCV and GStreamer: Gstreamer unable to start pipeline
Raspberry Pi Apache Server .htaccess
DS18B20 temperature sensor not registered - debugging?
VPN on RASPBMC on Raspberry Pi
Kivy, KivyPie and PiTFT
Which is best for Raspbian, 'udev' or 'mdev'?
read a RFID card MiFare 1k classic through a PN532 uart reader with serial.read()
Raspberry pi 2 has a unified RCA and audio jack. What cable should i use to connect to an analog TV?
Cannot execute binary file from USB drive
problem with LED matrix setup with raspberry pi model B+
Raspberry Pi failing to read sensors in -20 degree F
Detecting if speaker is active
Errors installing XWiiMote
Time is most important thing in my project
Cannot ping localhost
What is the default cmdline.txt?
Playing YouTube videos on slow internet connection
Sharing a DS40 Printer with CUPS
How can I access to /etc/network/interfaces in my sd card?
Should I provide additional parameters for make on Raspberry Pi2?
Command apt-get upgrade crashes Raspbian
Using gpio-admin errors: no such file or directory
Minimal RAM requirement for raspbian os
rpi 2: Unable to change irq affinity
TLC5947 with a Raspberry Pi
How to use apache to reach pen drives
Garden Automation
Pi not reading file using Bash script on startup
System writeprotected all the sudden
Write floats to gpio
Getting a 1.44" TFT ILI9163C screen to work with SPI
Snappy Ubuntu Core In Debain Qemu
Special PWM files are not found on Raspberry Pi 2
gstreamer 1.4.5 slow on pi
Problem with Crosscompiling (std, string) for RaspberryPi from Ubuntu
Update using apt-get failed: "Connection timed out"
Upgrade to Raspbian Jessie
Creating an Android "remote" app for Raspberry Pi (Raspbian)
Re- Wire a DAC for newer GPIO pin layout
Can I have multiple Pis chained together?
Finding IP address using NMAP6.47 for Raspberry pi B+
Can I run a terminal command from ssh to open the browser on X server?
Isnt Raspberry PI Fully open source hardware yet?
XBMC Sleep Mode
Video and audio out of sync when playing 1080p 60fps on Raspberry Pi 2
RF Communication between 2 Pis
How do I send data from my pc to my raspberry pi?
Internet TV streaming fails after 10 seconds with Omxplayer
Restart NOOBS downloading process?
Running a python simple script at startup/boot
Utilising extra memory on SD card
USB power cycling problem
Pin Prick ACT LED Flashing at 1 second interval
Rasbian can not mount WD external HDD at boot
Unable to connect Seagate external drive
How do I create my own package from a compiled source?
Power a 5V relay from GPIO pins
Raspberry pi first boot, IP address
How can I use my laptop as a screen?
Using a class function as callback
How to customize LXPanel/LXSession for a VNC connection
VM software for raspbian?
433MHz receiver, flickering LED/signal, how to wire up correctly?
RaspberryPi 2 and GitLab: "No such middleware to insert before: ActionDispatch::Static"?
Node.js controlling GPIO pins
lxde-pi-rc.xml empty
How to change gpio directory for node.js pi-gpio?
baudrate config changes only after starting x
Why is my usb flashdrive automatically mounted, without fstab?
Making opencv2 work with NOIR camera board problems
How to reach my mopidy server without port?
Specify port number with hostname
Internet and Remote Acess via Wi-Fi & Ethernet Cable
Power a docking speaker directly from raspberry pi GPIO pins
Cron error with Python script
Retropie Retroarch Emulator PSX and N64 too small resolution
Raspberry Pi static IP address Ethernet timeout
Controlling Raspberry Pi GPIO ports using node.js
Tiny picture using opencv2 and v4l2 driver
Assigning write permissions to a group
Mirror pc display to the raspberry pi
Raspberry Pi as USB serial device
Is the B+ model strong enough to play Vob files on OpenElec?
Raspberry Pi sees HDD as an "ntfs" drive, despite being formatted
How to play video files on Raspberry Pi using push buttons?
Is there a way to see if a GPIO pin is on or off using the python RPi.GPIO module?
Faster display shut off
Reading Frames of uncompressed yuv video file?
Power led randomly blinking every 1 minute on b+
RPi b+ randomly close the browser on a few
Driving mini stepper motors from raspberry pi
Streaming from gstreamer to omxplayer
Building a Raspberry Pi network monitor. My code is not working
Pi 2 CPU Documentation
Raspberry Pi OS for a project
Install (or build) experimental Debian package for rpi (NetworkManager 1.0)
Raspberry pi web server use cases
HC-SR04 distance sensor doesn't work
can't ssh to pi via wlan0
Users and permissions on a Raspi which is both a home and an owncloud server
How do I remove JDK6 from my pi
Can I connect 2 pi's together via Ethernet cable?
Disable Raspi-Config
How to create a shrinked image of my working Rpi SD card
"Unable to run arch-specific checks"
Power off/on display via ssh
Syncing backups to cloud storage
How to U-Boot for Arch linux over NAS?
sudo apt-get install python-dev mirror error
Does Raspberry Pi 2 support RTOS?
How can I modify interfaces file of Snappy Ubuntu on raspberry pi 2?
How can I automatically resize the root partition on first boot?
Direct connection Ethernet
How can I quit omxplayer in full screen?
Why does inserting a USB device trigger activity on the pins
External HDD will not spin down
Raspberry Pi Camera - When is it ready for next frame
How can I record audio from my RPI and save it to my PC (server)?
Will I be able to install the latest version of Chromium or Firefox on Raspbian?
my usb wifi dongle only turns on when pi is also connected via ethernet
Where can I find good Open Source UAV software for a raspberry pi?
Is it bad for the PowerSwitch Tail 2 to turn on and off frequently?
GPIO is not working, 5V working, 3.3 V working, Raspberry Pi B+
Can I use a power only USB lead to connect Rpi and HDMIPi?
Unable to access internal website from internet
Can I make a bridge between GSM Arduino shield with a Raspberry Pi?
Simple Custom 1-Wire GPIO Communication Protocol between Master PI and Slave PI
can't install npm onoff on raspberrypi
Using Raspberry Pi with Arduino GSM/GPRS Shield
Raspberry Pi 2 ITX motherboard conversion
Downloading Pictures From iPhone 6
ImportError: No module named HT16K33
TightVNC connection refused
Raspberry Pi kicks itself off of networks when joining a new network
MCP3008 alternative
Audio and microphone configuration of usb sound card on r-pi
Raspberry Pi 2 - Model B - no boot with Raspbmc
How to set the CEC name?
Rasberry pi noobs sd card shows /dev/sdb6 with fdisk when there are only /dev/sdb and /dev/sdb1 exist?
Receive FM Radio on Raspberry Pi
Connect to Raspberry Pi from Windows phone through Bluetooth
Speech Synthesis issues ? Dalek / HAL
Boot stuck at [ ok ] Staring enhanced syslogd : rsyslogd
Python and OpenSSL error on import
Install NZBGet on Raspberry Pi 2 on OSMC
Rasclock does not store the time
Raspberry Pi starting programs automatically on startup
PiTFT - See Previous Image Behind Next Image
Dynamic DNS Cron Job (duckdns.org) root or user?
Retrieve RTC time from DVB-C
UART serial output pin held high, can't read usable information
Safest way to switch off uncleanly
How much performance do I lose, when running the desktop (but not using it)?
Does SPI port work on Raspberry B+
gpio get value of pin
eth0 not coming up after usb disconnect
Take snap from Raspberry pi using motion
RPi HDMI to RCA
Raspberry Pi to sync lights to audio input from PC
Raspberry Pi with ESC and PS3 Controller
Raspberry Pi USB Soundcard - Outputting from multiple programs
dd for image backup
Emulate the Raspberry Pi on OS X 10.10 Yosemite (Xcode 6.1.1 with Command Line Tools)
Periodic Polling - Minimum Resources During Sleep
Raspberry Pi Frozen
Developing for the Raspberry Pi
Raspberry images while booting
What happens if I try to read an analog pin's value?
Could a Raspberry PI 2 with a RTOS read about 18 MBytes/s of data by GPIO?
EDITING RC.LOCAL for NZBGet and Sickrage at startup on OSMC
Two Pis communication via Bluetooth: Can't connect RFCOMM socket: Connection refused
Cannot ssh via ethernet, but can via wifi
LAN on RPi2 not working
infinite loop while building script for kernel
Fastest 2-to-1 simplex connection of 3 pis
Python script with loop that detects keyboard input
Multiple (dumb) wireless buttons to one RPi
DWA-171 using 8812au.ko does not seem to work on Linux kernel version 3.18.8+
Can you use a micro SD card from raspberry pi B+ on the raspberry pi 2 model B?
What's the problem with backfeeding?
How to use raspberry pi to remotely view a mac
Raspberry PI 2: Installing mysql-server
OSMC has mounted 2 versions of my External HD
RPi use in inverter
How do I turn off my Raspberry Pi when it's connected to a battery pack?
How can I connect an EasyADC board mikroe340?
How to safely do a headless Raspbian install with WiFi only network
Share ethernet connected printer with CUPS to Wi-Fi
What is the current working method of installing deluge with WebUI on a Raspberry Pi2?
Displaying image from PI via ssh and xming on my PC
What do I need to do to stream two USB webcams with my Raspberry Pi B+?
Raspberry pi with PS3 Controller
Does RPi 2 like android USB wifi tethering?
Pi 2 + camera module = 90 fps - more?
Pi2 won't start when connected to breadboard via ribbon cable and gpio-to-breadboard interface
Load limit of Raspberry Pi 2
"Inappropriate ioctl for device" error since upgrading Rasbian & firmware
Stuck at 100% on the Noobs Installer
Installing PS3 controller with RPi
What are the possible OUIs for the Ethernet MAC address
How to control pi HDMI output from laptop via VNC
Glade UI Python serial read loop
ESC Control with PS3 Controller using Python
Using Android phone as microphone for R PI B+
How to backup my running Pi to my NAS?
Run a minecraft server at boot
Syntax error: word unexpected when compiling for Raspberry Pi 2
Unrar error code: 10
Recover Console Text Output after Using fbi App to display image on /dev/fb0
Can you use a Raspberry Pi to write code that powers an onboard LED or motor or fan?
Stream video from raspberry pi via a Ubuntu server
PulseAudio undefined symbol after compiling from source
code works on windows laptop but not on PI
Raspberry pi 2 - Multi purpose > Media center + other task
How to wake a Volumio screen
How to control an L298 dual H-Bridge motor controller with GPIO
Comfast Wifi Adapter WU810n - Raspbian
Does this show PyAudio is unusable with RaspberryPi's built-in audio?
Developing drivers for HATs: is this a good practice?
Extension board for network router building
Raspberry pi camera module very slow with SimpleCV
Linux terminal on OpenELEC?
"Waiting for /dev to be fully populated" takes long after upgrading to Debian Jessie
Electric Sheep on Raspberry Pi
rPi B+ will not boot according to Arch Linux manual
External hd won't automount
Piezo wiring for Raspberry Pi
Xbmc plays audio but does not play video
Can I view/copy the contents of an img file from Windows?
RPi camera module with opencv
How do I specify the layout for my 78 key keyboard
Mount HFS+ under Arch Linux ARM
Connect on Raspberrypi:0
having problem with GPIO switch
How to run a script on LXDE startup in Wheezy?
Is there a way to shut down safely without being logged in?
Change Raspi distribution without removing the micro-SD?
cgps : GPS timeout
Camera NoIR with powerfull illuminator not giving good result
SunFounder Raspberry Pi CPU/RAM Display Mini LCD 84*48 PCD8544 Shield For Model B+/B
Writing OpenELEC Image on top of NOOBS
Fire event on HDMI connection
Analog psp thumbstick not working with analog to digital converter on Pi model 2
Mouse flickering on certain programs
How can I use Pi4J as a non-root user?
Is it possible to use a Pi to "look" for other devices on the same network?
LIRC / Raspberry PI 2 , No input
EGL and OpenGL ES forwarding via SSH
USB hub not working after boot
I created a GUI with gpio access in java and tested sucessfully in netbeans IDE. But when I runs in Raspberry pi it showing the following error
Running a JAR file in Pi results in following error "can't find the main class"
How do we connect many microcontrollers together?
Problem when transferring to a bigger SD card for my Raspberry PI 2
Audio cracking with VLC and Bluetooth, but works with aplay
New PI 2 B+ unusably slow, CPU and RAM not being used?
Pi 2 odd behavior of power system
Anyone have luck doing bare metal development for the Pi 2 using the tools from Xcode?
is SDIO used while the raspbery PI is in operation?
How do I get Python to recognize that it is running on a Raspberry Pi
write protect modular plug
How can I connect am RPi A+ to a Macbook Pro with a USB/Ethernet adapter?
I have just searched for a usb Y cable to power my HDD from another power source but also transfer data to my Raspberry Pi
Unable to see Temp sensors at /sys/bus/w1/devices which was working until SD card got corrupted
Controlling kernel interface 4DPi-32 display
Led connected to pin is always on
How to recover all FAT partition files on NOOBS Raspberry card
Raspberry Pi 2 - Are 64GB UHS-I Class 1 SDXC cards supported?
LIRC with Raspberry PI , problems
Python Script Stops Running After about 3 Hours
hwclock -s in rc.local wont work
controlling 12 V RGB LED strip with raspberry pi
Is there a Win32 Disk Imager equivalent, or an easy way to create .IMG files with a GUI on Mac OS X?
Is the 26-pin Pi cobbler compatible with the 40-pin Raspberry Pi?
Can't get bluetooth headphones working
Raspistill strange file format
Is it possible to interact with the NOOBS install remotely (VNC, SSH or other)?
Can I connect my Innolux LCD to my TFP401 HDMI/DVI Decoder 40-Pin TTL Breakout?
How do I install Haxe Neko on a Raspberry Pi?
How much power can the Pi supply?
KeyboardInterrupt Handling with picamera
Extremely slow wifi, wired connection is fine (OSMC)
Controlling Arduino from web?
png file in same folder as pygame file but not working
FREAK on Raspbian
Hire PI Developer to develop an analyitcs box based on raspberry pi
Timestamp of the image being captured?
Qt for Raspberry 2
Installing Tomcat 7 - no JAVA_HOME while JDK is installed
Resource Monitoring
QEMU for Raspbian Wheezy on Ubuntu - host is 'none', no job control, invisible text?
How can I wire this SD card reader to RaspberryPi?
Accessing ADXL345
Cache filled before reaching required amount in OpenELEC
3 Camera Interfacing on Raspberry Pi B for Live Streaming
apply video settings for specific monitor model
Raspberry Pi 5GHz Dongle
Raspberry PI NOOBS first boot screen only three options. No OpenElec option
Reading GPIO status only works outside of PHP if statement?
SSH keys not working on OpenElec (login without typing password)
Can't connect to hidden WPA2 hidden network
Raspberry pi 2 shuts down when TV does
Raspberry Pi Select Correct Network Interface eth0 ppp0
What can I use to program a basic game in Python?
How to set up MPU6050's registers properly?
Is it possible to make Javascript interact with the GPIO pins?
Can't get wifi working in non-gui environment
Wireless USB Mouse Stopped Working
Noobs boot - no other systems visible internet connection through WiFi
brushless motor speed control
Installing an ISO from USB
How does the Raspberry Pi differentiate between multiple expansion boards?
Should GPIO pins 13 and 14 be soldered together?
Arch Linux ARM does not boot with QEMU
Ultrasonic Sensor isn't consistent
How to access SPI on Raspberry Pi B+
rc.local only runs manually, not on boot
Setting up a Raspberry Pi for Wi-Fi streaming video access from a kite outdoors
Changing from spi bus to i2c bus to transfer register data of wm5102 in raspberry pi with wolfson audio card
Why doesn't GPIO commands work?
Multiple servo control RPi
Keep Wifi Alive after 1 hour
How to get a read-only Raspbian not to corrupt SD on power-loss
What's the smallest amount of memory that can be allocated to GPU?
Underclock raspberry pi without rebooting
Receiving junk datas from the serial port of raspberry pi
Can't login via SSH after restart
Wifi disconnects when a new network adapter is activated
SPI problem when install CAN controller driver
Using Wi-Fi Adapter reboots Pi
Run two python script automatically on Headless raspberry pi project
How to change the default baudrate of raspberry pi's serial port?
How do I increase the speed of my Python OpenCV program?
what if my charger output is 5V 750mA for pi 2?
Redirect script output to /dev/tty1 and also capture output to file
What is the meaning of put a docker in the PI?
Record Video using a for loop
Taking advantage of multiprocessing with OpenCV on raspberry Pi 2
Cannot Install Upstart on Raspbian Jessie
Is it possible to control the pi onboard light programmatically?
Raspberry Pi B+ serial port console garbage at boot
TV mentions Raspberry Pi 2 with OSMC is outputting 1366*768 on HDMI
TV probably doesn't have HDMI CEC - Unable to control OSMC on Pi 2 thru TV remote. Help
Struggling with installation of Raspbian on SD card from a Windows 8 machine
Raspbian Jessie - How do I properly setup A2DP with Bluez5 and PulseAudio
Neato Lidar to Raspberry Pi?
SSD1306 as a framebuffer with fbtft driver on a raspberry pi 2
Raspberry Pi Frequency Calculator
DS18b20 temperature sensor not found
New Raspberry Pi SPI Interface Question
Which raspberry pi model for playing with electronics, maybe more?
Host Authenticity is questioned in terminal while trying to SSH
How to wire up a DHT11 temperature sensor
Reading from SD card all day long, risks?
How to prevent network configuration from blocking boot - modifying ifup
RPI 2 vs RPI B SD compatibility issue
Developing a replication process
Edit startup services for reboot?
Pi / Pi 2 using modern 'smart' USB Power Adapters to supply power to the Raspberry?
How to stream movies from Google Drive to XBMC
How do I install the matching kernel sources for raspbian?
Issues with Network Connectivity with networkd on ArchLinux
Which web-browser in Raspbian works best with GitHub?
Need a password to decompress NOOBS ZIP file
Is there a difference from one GND pin to another?
GPIO pins turning on unpredictably
can't make my RPI booting
Is there any way that you can receive radio signals on your raspberry pi?
http streaming functionality with password
I2C LCD detected, code runs, but no display
How to start an X session on RPi via ssh
View raspberry pi screen in web browser
Locally static IP address
Setting up wifi on network with no passkey
Bluetooth scan usin "hcitool scan" returns no results (Hama 00049229)
433 Mhz transmitter on RPI always sending 00000000
How do I compile gcc 5 for my Raspberry Pi 2
How could one automate the raspbian raspi-config setup?
Edimax EW-7811UN not detected by Pi, works fine on a PC
Is raspberry pi 2 model B a good candidate as a "Download Box" or NAS
KODI pulseaudio installation broken. pactl and pacmd do not work. How to fix?
How to get the most out of the raspberry pi 2 GPU?
Mounting NFS Share: Special Device Does Not Exist
Python serial script prevents android connection
Network interface doesnt update
Can't connect to some WIFI networks
Why Does my Keyboard have the Pound Sign When It's the Hash tag Sign?
My 4T disk with ext4 does not work for more than 5 minutes
How to connect 7-segment 4-digits display with Pi?
What does raspi-config do when you enable i2c?
Playback over UPNP (provided by miniDLNA) stops when new file added
ptxdist and Rpi
Analog audio output produce noise around the sampling rate of the audio
Why Raspberry Pi camera "no device found" in Cheese or IceWeasel?
I2C not working as expected
Multiple partitions on Raspberry Pi memory card
How to make ssh process not end when connection is lost
Unwanted multiple presses when using GPIO button press detection
How do I prevent the Raspberry Pi from changing the HDMI input on television?
How to compile Zoneminder source files
configure timezone and DST settings
Emacs documentation missing
Do I need a current limiting resistor in series with a magnetic door sensor?
Simplest way to play videos stored on a NAS
RPi A+ and Pi noIR: How to update just the camera driver NOT OS
pymodbus to read temp from device
Resetting I2C? Or did I break my chip?
PiTFT: Cause terminal blanking to disable screen backlight, let touchscreen wake terminal
Raspberry Pi stream video over RF
How to blink LEDs on/off continually, while continuing execution of a script?
How can I use a LCD display with a I2C adapter?
Where are nslookup and dig gone?
Using 2 wifi adapters on raspberry pi b+
Autoplay on USB hotswap
What software do I need for Raspberry PI 2?
Which version of java to install on PI?
How to debug without "Program received signal SIGILL" using the 3.18 kernel (3.12 works)?
Is there a way to Mirror the HDMI TTY Terminal over the Network (i.e. Not Desktop and Not SSH)
Static over composite audio
How should I properly communicate 2 Raspberry Pi via UART?
Can't run python script from cron
Uart TxD & RxD voltage
Locating I2C pull-up resistors for RPi2
Unable to access BtSync process website running on RaspBerry Pi Model B+
Using LED strips (many!) and mutiple power sources wiring up the ground?
Must I keep mouse and keyboard plugged in
Memory sharing for multiple PI logins
Why does my Pi NoIR camera stop working at 23:59?
Problems Bit-Bashing an I2C Slave
No input after ssh login
Raspberry pi always stops responding to SSH after some hours powered
How do I make a copy of a NOOBS SD card?
How to send Data
Delay between bytes using py-spidev for SPI communication on Raspberry Pi
Trouble cloning an SD card with Recovery partition, so that it boots
Adding hfsplus file system to fstab
Import image to python program
Raspberry Pi not getting DHCP lease
How do I read a car turn indicator is on using GPIO
Move (not sync) files from Raspberry Pi to some cloud solution
Smallest possible baudrate for i2c?
Advice on Using the Pi2 as a NAS vs NAS device with Pi2 attached
Pi 2 Model B, display and TNC-Pi
Process terminate with SIGILL using valgrind
Using old alarm keypads as displays
Using the headphone button with the pi
R-Pi network doesnt work unless hdmi plugged in
Problem when trying to get a DC motor to run using the L298N H-Bridge?
Raspberry Pi 2: HDMI resolution to 1280x1024 60 hz
Modular Raspberry Pi Model
Wire a PCB SD card reader to USB or another interface
Trouble running Pi NoIR camera board at documented speeds
Reg. /etc/network/interfaces file
Python - cannot import OpenCV module?
using gpio for positive and neg outputs
javafx freezing on rotated display
Screen Flashing
Not able to fetch register values using Mike M's BCM2835 C code
System information on ssh-login suddenly disappeared?
Pi is not working properly red led not glowing and green led blinking
External Hard Drive loses connection during read/write
Keyboard and mouse stopped responding in GUI after apt-get upgrade
Stuck in boot after trying to work with init.d script to run at boot
UHF RFID Reader with Raspberry Pi
Working Rpi Hotspot but can't get ethernet/internet to work
GPIO input using a banana?
raspberry pi A+ boot from usb
Is it safe to read/write register values without Data Memory Barriers?
Access pi from the outside
Re_expanding the SD-Card after raspberry pi start-up
Can I use a standard PC power supply to power a Raspberry Pi?
Deluge on raspbian: adding torrent through web ui is awfully slow
Pulse width modulation gpio and headphones
R8188EU: ERROR indicate disassoc
How to force rsync upgrade
MongoDB on Raspbian
SSH time out and connection abort
How to shutdown GPIO elegantly when using kill to stop Python script running in the background?
Making batteries last for pi outside
How to remote-control a linux-desktop-pc from a Raspberry Pi?
No network found on new Pi 2 but works fine with B+
Having problems installing therubyracer and libv8 on Rails4
Copy Protection, Intellectual Protection and Deployment Issues
How to hook multiple SR04 Ultrasonics without soldering or using resistors / parts
Data collection from raspberry pi and send to computer (without using Ethernet or Wifi)
Rasplex HDMI Audio
Raspberry Pi & HDMI Switches
I want to run a tkinter script on startup without desktop
Unable to open port 7077
Detect stall current from motor and send gpio signal
Which Midori to download?
unable to change wlan0 mac address on raspberry pi 2
Raspberry Pi 2 Windows Emulation
Can I control this Pololu VNH5019 Motor Driver Carrier with a Raspberry Pi?
Raspberry Pi does not start
Can't access motion server
GPIO not working after installing the webiopi
Opening ports with iptables
RASPI cannot detect LCD resistive eGalax Touchscreen
Wiring TFT Display to Raspberry Pi 2
Maximizing the performance + life of an unsupervised RPi
Raspberry Pi boot script saves file to root /
Is there any versions of NWJS and Atom-shell available for Raspbian armhf?
Print output not shown when run Python script CRON
Why is my Webcam image all black?
Need help finding problem with webiopi GPIO header
apt-get install and resource temporarily unavailable
RISC OS on Raspi
RTNETLINK Error with spi communication
Raspberry Pi 2 Model B 1GB not booting - RED and GREEN LEDs ON
which windows 10 is for the raspberry pi 2?
Raspberry Pi 2 b+ + windows 10
Webcam works for a couple of hours, then Pi refuses to detect it
Raspberry Pi 2 max USB current
Move menu bar to the bottom of the screen
Wirelessly transmit sensors status
How to make backup Raspbian image?
fbcp reads wrong primary display resolution (RPi2)
How can I add another Operating System onto NOOBS?
Share Raspberry Pi writable folder on network
Owncloud fails to create data folder
Paper printable case for Raspberry Pi 2?
What are the RUN pin holes on Raspberry Pi 2?
Determine current download speed using ssh on Openelec
Keep process running after close session
Set some GPIO pins OFF during boot, and ON later
When I connect to the SSH for the first time
Raspberry Pi and Amazon Cloud Drive, is that possible?
Is it correct to power the Raspberry Pi this way?
Change GPIO pin mode to ALT with Python RPi.GPIO
Can Mike McCauley bcm2835 C library access all 26/28 GPIO pins on Raspberry Pi 2 Mod B?
Shairport make error on RetroPie
Python taking pictures with raspberry pi camera
mplayer doen't show webcam
QML based programm on TFT
Upgraded installation from Wheezy to Jessie; unable to SSH into Pi now
could not get status from wpa_supplicant signal 15 received
Difference between Piclock and Pi Camera Clock?
make boot disk on disk with failed sectors?
Midori change URL without new tab
Strange IP connected to ssh?
Using Python to control the Raspberry Pi Camera
Non-internet local Wifi network
JIRA: Syntax error: "(" unexpected when installing on Raspberry Pi 2
How to upgrade my Pi to a new major kernel version?
Erase (correct) partition and then resize
What bitrate can I get from an i2c bus?
Powered USB HUB in India - F4U016
How to start vnc on boot
Installing a music server on raspbian, no stand alone
How can I remotely shutdown a Raspberry PI from my network via a Web Interface?
dt11 is not detected on raspberry pi 2
Problems triggering via GPIO
Compiling TV Card Drivers on Raspberry Pi 2
Mopidy installed from source not running on Arch Linux
Tightvncserver stopped to work (black & white "rasterized" screen)
Permanent Fix "error in check_disks" on reboot
connect to server option in PCMan?
BMP180 allow to read calibration but fail to read data
how pifm pwm modulation works?
R-Pi regularly becomes unresponsive
When i set the GPIO pin as output in my python cgi script, after that line my browser does not execute the cgi script. Why?
I loose my node i2c on each reboot /dev/i2c-1
OS from scratch on the Pi 2?
How to use pigpio to control a servo motor with a keyboard?
Python attribute error with Raspberry Pi Camera
Support for 4oD and 5oD on openelec
selinux can not be mounted on booting?
Stranded connector cables with raspberry pi
Captive Portal using DNSMasq
How to connect into spotify
GPIO Input fluctuating between high and low when no input is received
How to measure the frequency of the audio output
How can I set up a bluetooth PAN connection with a Raspberry Pi and an iPod?
Soil hygrometer without adc
Bad performance transfer file with samba
Changing the aperture of the raspberry pi camera in python
How to set the log file path for transmission-daemon?
B+ Pi hangs what watchdog settings do I need?
Videos show nothing on Kodi 14.1
What do I need to set up to be able to output my desktop PC's audio through my Pi
Native C access to wiringPi from PI4J
Raspberry Pi: ssh connection refused
Sending Raspberry Pi Camera preview to a laptop running VNC Viewer
Drivers for TP-LINK TL-WN723N v3
Motion filming can't get on real speed
ruby on rails in RPI
Can't get GPS to automatically work after reboot
How to initialize an ESC with Python code
Kernel Configuration for CAN-Bus
OwnCloud 8.x update on my Pi got stuck!
softPwm of wiringPi for servo ... where is the problem?
Persistent rainbow test pattern
Webcam color issue with mplayer
How to have a Raspi trigger a Remote Control physically
Multiple WiFi-Connections with static IP
Boot error (PREEMPT ARM) and screen freeze
Raspberry Pi modem connection
USB camera compatibility
Problems Regarding Raspberry Pi Project with MQ-2 Gas Sensor
IR Remote Not working with Raspberry Pi A+
Arch Linux ARMv6 (RPi B+) boot issue
RPi2 Or ODROID-C1 for better OpenCV performance?
USB slave emulation
Rpi GPIO 40 warning channel is busy
e-ink display for raspberry
Snappy Ubuntu - reasons?
Is it possible to have two distinct video outputs or add a second HDMI port?
What is Iced Web Control Panel
SSH into my Raspberry Pi 2@Optimum WiFi
Troubleshooting MCP23017 based display
Process stdout/stderr still showing up on monitor
How to relogin to same session
Can I open a JavaFX dialog in my Java app?
gpio export works, but gpio write wont
How to change the clock to 12-hour format in Raspbian?
Working cvlc A/V stream
GTK 2.0 cross compile for Raspberry Pi
Keeps getting disconnected even when working on the 'Pi'
Serial LVDS camera interface
Remote control is disabled after reboot
Install latest version of a package
How to Connect 9 Volt RS232 to Raspberry Pi GPIO
Installing Affix on Raspberry Pi
Motion (daemon) as webcam, picture on command
Raspberry Pi Mini-fan not working
Samba and usbmount: can't write on automounted device
What is the trick to determining what your /dev/mmcblk0p* is going to be when booting?
What configuration setttings need to be made on a raspberry pi so as to add it to a new network?
Hostapd stops working after 3G modem restart
Power Raspberry with LiPo battery
How to connect Raspberry Pi to home network using laptop's Ethernet port?
While loop used to work, now returns empty string
Get time using NTP from LAN PC
hello world booting using raspberry pi B+
Raspberry Pi Recognizes Logitech C920 Webcam But Can't Do Anything
How to update Bittorrent Sync ARM on Raspbian
How do I access the Wii Nunchuck using WiringPi
Headless installation: able to ping, unable to ssh (locally);
My Pi won't boot after battery defect
Rasbian: Does it include a Serial Terminal to connect to the hardware serial port?
RbPi2: Kybd does not reliably wake screen, where's the file?
Can we determine the mode of a GPIO pin?
Gpio state can't be changed when connected to a DC motor or led
Understanding the library from MCP3002 ADC chip
Does Adafruit's Wifi adapter work with Ubuntu on Raspberry PI 2?
"Panic:VFS: Unable to mount root fs on unknown-block(179,2)"
How to boot my Raspberry Pi into the GUI without raspi-config?
Raspberry PI as middle man
The Current in mA at 3.3 V When Using the Internal Pull-up Resistors
How can I charge a jawbone up using raspberry pi?
SSH Security warning after trying to connect to Raspberry Pi
Install Ruby for root
Raspberry Pi Freezes after running Python script for a few hours
No internet access when using wireless
How to setup Network Manager on Raspbian
How to make a remote pigpiod socket call?
Cron job will not run from boot on Raspberry Pi 2
New to Raspberry Pi -- Won't boot after a shutdown -h now
Connecting Kindle's E Ink display to Raspberry Pi B+
Power Bank + raspberry pi 2, any throughts?
Have images for Windows 10 IOT been delivered yet?
Determining correct J3 jumper setting on Compute Module IO Board
How to add usb wifi adapter support to android build?
Is it possible to rename interface name programmatically in raspberry
Can't activate I2C on my B+
Cross-compiling to Raspbian
RPi can't access files stored on USB-drive from CLI
ssh Permission denied (publickey,keyboard-interactive)
How do I upgrade to Mathematica 10.1?
Boot FAIL Message
Share USB over network
Will RPi 2 with Ubuntu Snappy Core boot without monitor and keyboard
How to check ipv6?
SSH terminal plugin for OSMC on Raspberri Pi
Why is I2C disabled by default?
On-the-fly / mounted volume encryption for RPi
Webbrowser plugin for OSMC
Cannot connect to RPi with SSH
Linux within the confines of a Pi-based system
How to build Native WebRTC?
Android can't find Raspberry Pi with Samba/ Zeroconf Avahi
Advice on 3.5inch GPIO Touch Screen
How can I mount or otherwise read the raspbian image on Windows?
RGB LED is not lighting up
Is it possible to install pcsc-lite 1.8.13 on raspbian OS?
Pi boots to a white login screen instead of desktop after making tightvncserver boot at startup
What is the difference between running Linux a Raspberry Pi VS a regular system?
Ethernet configuration not working using DHCP
Powering the Pi with 2 AA batteries
Sending text on android phone commanded by Raspberry pi USB, WITHOUT internet
Stability when taking power from Raspberry
Connecting to a second network after first one is down
Raspbian wpa_supplicant fails, which service to (re)start?
GPIO Voltage Thresholds
Change wallpaper in LXDE through terminal
installing RASPBIAN 3.18 + additional packages into Raspberry Pi
Mopidy - exception in HttpFrontend
VGA to HDMI Converter
Installing puppet 3.7 from the raspbian repositories
Can I stream video call from pc to pi?
Experience with Plugable USB Audio Adapter for RPi audio?
How to connect to Bluetooth LE devices without being root (via sudo)?
Are RPi peripherals from version 1 compatible with RPi B?
Broadcast UDP Message from Raspberry Pi to other subnet in the LAN
How to format drive after installing berryboot
Reverse the expand root FS
Raspberry not working though ssh and cannot mount with usb
Modifying GPIO memory for one pin turns multiple on
Raspberry Pi passwordless SSH - refusing key
Webcam doesn't work on Raspberry Pi VIDIOC-QUERYMENU: Invalid Argument
Screaming Jelly Baby program problems
Microstack Accelerometer not working. I2C issue?
Service like TeamViewer for Raspberry Pi to access without IP
Task reservation
RPi crashes randomly after 1 to 2 days
Port forwarding router for outside local network access to pi
Pigpio initialization failing with init mbox zaps failed
real time pedestrian detection on raspberry pi using opencv and C++
What firmware version will rpi-update install?
How do I find the firmware repository commit which matches the firmware version reported by vcgencmd?
RPI Screen Setup
Infinity cascade IO expand module
Power over USB vs from Raspbery
A way to solder composite video directly to RPi B+ board?
WiringPi and CGI in Python
Are there alternatives way of power a Raspberry Pi 2 except the microUSB connector?
Official Resellers of Raspberry Pi Boards
Portable Power Supply
Raspberry Pi 2 - HDMI not displaying
RPI .img or .dmg unrecognized
First Time Boot Screen Configuration
Camera Interfaces can be used with Raspberry pi
Is it to possible to have parallel access of Pi's camera to take stills, when it is streaming through FFMpEG video streaming?
Run Windows XP in qemu on Raspberry Pi 2
Invalid module format error on Raspberry. Kernel 3.10.25+
Pi to connect to any WiFi without any command line
Raspberry PI 2 Model B Not Detecting ds18b20 Sensor (Tested with Multiple Sensors)
Safely transferring specific content from a raspberry pi to my mac
Resolution for Waveshare SpotPear 3.2 inch LCD with RaspberryPI 1 Model B?
Raspberry PI not booting Snappy Ubuntu Core
Network issues with huwaei USB 3G modem
How do I install/get the Flash player on Raspberry Pi?
How do I retrieve data from another Pi on the same network?
Raspberry Pi Raspbian Multiple Desktops
Control Pi Audio via bluetooth from phone
R-Pi 2: Repeated clicking sound on speakers (via 3.5 mm jack)
How to automatically mount a samba drive on boot?
Mobile power source for RPi?
Raspberry Pi as slave
i2cdetect -y 1 detects my driver the first time, not the second. Code generates i/o error
Make VNC login as User Pi rather than ROOT
Official Cam vs. Web Cam
Raspbian OS vs. Mainstream Linux distributions
CPU Performance Graph
Epiphany Browser in full screen mode
NOOBS Where is Config File
How to program an interrupt that is not dependent on GPIO?
Is it possible to install the Plex Media Server on the Raspberry Pi?
Is it possible to use Qt Media player on the Pi?
Choosing the right converter
Raspberry Pi as a PS3 controller
missing crypto kernel module on Raspberry Pi 2
What non-viral-licensed free open-source OS to use?
Share connection From RaspberryPi to PC
Raspberry Pi 2 Broadcom BCM2708/2709 I2C Driver Source File
Connect raspberry pi to pc (ubuntu) with ethernet
Why do I have to connect from my RPi via ssh to another device, before I can connect to my RPi from that device via ssh?
Raspberry Pi static IP failed. how can I get dynamic back
Unplugged HFS+ USB Drive from RPi is corrupted
OSError: libportmidi.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
Has anyone used a Raspberry PI as a double-slope integrating analog-to-digital converter?
libacsccid1_1.1.0-1~trusty1_armhf.deb or similar version for Ubuntu trusty 14.04
SSH freezing randomly
ESC control by Raspberry Pi B to manage brushless motors via Python
Changing next boot option for multisystem RapsBerry Pi 2: Is there any grub-reboot command equivalent?
Piezo with Python
Raspi Type B with MQ sensors (updated)
designing a traffic controller based on traffic flow and it runs on infinite loop
The .img file transferred to SD Card generates no valid partition table
What distro is Wake on LAN capable the RapsBerry Pi 2?
Extend my project to multiple remote Pis
GPSD Data Receiving Issues
lan card doesn't finds my ssid network name
Can the Pi run an embedded RTOS other than Linux?
The distorted audio issue if I set low volume
Using the Compute Module/Compute Module IO Board as a USB hub
Need more Space, deleting other distributions, how?
RPi.GPIO under Python 3
Arduino sends different numbers over serial to Raspberry Pi than Linux/Mac
Compile linux module on Raspbian error
Use an Android tablet display with Raspberry Pi
I2C rpi i/o error
Internet through ubuntu PC
Led - Manual control of WS2801 chip
Raspberry Pi Raspbian OS Simulator for Windows
Is it possible to make the raspberry pi add to current cpu of ubuntu laptop
Ideal etc/network/interfaces file for static IP ethernet AND wireless
How to disable a GPIO pin?
Connecting Rpi to laptop
Is it possible to use an external hard drive for Raspberry Pi & Xbox One?
wpa_supplicant.conf for android hotspot
Raspberry Pi 2 stuck on boot
How can I convert a .img.xz file to .img to transfer it to my SDCard?
remote deploy .NET on Raspberry Pi 2
Raspbian SD card boots up Raspberry Pi model A, but not model B+ or Raspberry Pi 2
Auto-Boot to Desktop Makes Pi auto login to "Pi" User
Installing latest Chromium with version 1
Playing sound through /dev/dsp?
How to make 3.5" Resistive Touch Screen Usable
TightVNC to Windows 7: Password?
Do Google Play Apps Work on the Pi
Raspberry Pi (compute module) Keyboard Suddenly Stops Working
Terminal command will not execute after boot
Raspberry Pi (compute module) stopped turning on (no LED's turning on either)
Kernel panic not syncing with keyboard plugged in
Pi NoIR Camera is dead?
Error when installing Flexget
Raspbian: reduce number of tty
Stream using VLC and fifo file
Where is the Raspberry Pi 512 MB memory located on the board?
Is the memory stacking order different on rPi B vs rpi 2?
No SSH/Telnet after reboot
Raspi with readonly fs, does power loss still do damage?
A/V port on screen use with Pi A/V port
Create a home network monitor
Streaming the video being recorded to remote computer?
Kali & NOOBS in pi
QtPy5 on Raspbian, getting ImportError: cannot import name QtCore
RaspberryPi A+ USB Data Lines shorted
Raspberry Pi streaming without being connected to Monitor or TV possible?
How to echo to a remote Raspberry Pi terminal over SSH
Controlling 64 parallel LEDs using using Raspberry Pi
Raspistill image tinted
Pi nRF24L01+ error
Stream from PC to the Raspberry
Timeout issues with Raspberry Pi 2 on network
Cannot open 12V Solenoid Valve
What does it mean if both LEDs are lit up?
Unable to Find RPi on Network w/ New Router
Raspbian network-manager-gnome
Is there any way to limit data usage to xMB in sd card?
HemantSinghdahiya
Installing another version of motion on the pi
Networking issue after update to Jessie
Controlling 12volt off road LED lights with Raspberry Pi B and touchscreen
Get Raspberry Pi to automatically recognize USB peripherals
Error “error in check_disks” on OpenElec reboot
Trying to turn off X11 in Jessie
How to turn Raspberry Pi off when HDMI is disconnected?
RasperryPi freeze after boot: can't login
How do I make a linux image which is of my current system?
Playstation Eyetoy with Raspberry Pi
Best way of communication for embedded RPi
Shutting down USB HUB hangs my R-Pi
How is a Raspberry Pi different from an old phone
Problem installing Clonezilla from desktop repos on Ubuntu and Kali Linux
Importing Lepton Thermal Module video feed into OpenCV on Raspberry pi
omxplayer (sound) hangs
Raspberry Pi Won't Connect Through Ethernet
Stream audio from PC to Raspberry Pi in realtime?
GPU accelerated Video decoding on a browser. Is it possible?
Raspberry Pi2 crashing when running camera (streaming video)
Powering via a motion sensor using a battery pack
gcc -L .so and .a files
Help understanding + hacking spi-bcm2708.c
/dev/lirc0 does not exist
Keep state of GPIO pin
How to connect Relay module to a Power Strip Outlet
Raspberry wont boot using SD card prepared using dd on Ubuntu
Proper configuration for wpa_supplicant.conf
Using PWM in a Windows 10 App with the Raspberry Pi 2
Raspberry Pi 2, Windows 10 IoT Core, 433Mhz Transciever
Let two RPi's communicate over the internet
Broadcasting Raspberry Pi Camera Over Hotel Wireless Internet
udhcpd init.d script makes trouble using RPi as WiFi AP
Raspberry Pi has two ip addresses
Pi stuck in a DHCP loop
Executing commands on terminal via SSH from Android application
init.d possibly caught in loop
Won't renew ethernet connection after rebooting modem
Thermistor, Wait until GPIO is High in Windows 10 IoT
execute GTK app from SSH terminal
Raspberry Pi Over the Air Update
Encrypting Data sent to Server
Why does my pi disconnect from the internet after leaving it on for a day?
Random Freezes on B+
Mac firewall settings to share macintosh wireless with Raspberry Pi ethernet
Pi Compute Module, can I leave the unuse DAC reference and output pins floating?
Pi-Camera Stream not visible on TightVNC viewer's window?
can't install node epoll
Not all devices that are connection via I2C are showing
What instruction set is used on the Pi's ARM/Broadcom chip?
Raspberry Pi - Arduino connection can receive not send
What file is responsible for the login script
How to change raspberry pi 2 overclock to default on Raspbian
Raspberry Pi 2 flashing Rainbow Screen during setup
GPIO Signals Over Long Wires
Output video with 6 ch audio to HDMI stereo
Can Raspberry PI act as a server for streaming videos?
RetroPie only has 6 emulators
How do I install the Zenvoid desktop on Raspbian?
Pi Shows Different Files on USB HD than Windows
What are the possible ways to control raspberry pi over internet rather than static ip?
Network doesn't work, new raspbian on pi2
SPI Interfacing of MCP3903 with Raspberry pi Python Library
Power on display results in blank screen
LIRC - Unable to load module
Raspberry pi B+ freezing while update
GPIO protection diodes, maximum input current
Pub/Sub between computer and Raspberry Pi
IRW does not show any thing
Raspberryi pi doesn't show i2c address
Problem wpa_supplicant rapsberry pi 2
Picamera Module not imported?
Singular access to the NOIR board from a server and a motion script
Is it possible to install Qt5 on Ubuntu MATE or Raspbian with Raspberry pi 2?
WiFi turns off automatically on raspberry pi
How to specify hostname in NOOBS installation files?
Input and output parallel data over long distance, shift register or alternatives
3.5" Touch screen loss
Alternative methods for auto-refreshing midori web-browser
Is it possible to create a script that runs after a NOOBS installation?
Is it possible to have a 3G and bluetooth on a raspberry pi?
Is it possible to install gns3?
Errors with ZTE modem on Raspbian/RPi2
Is it possible to wirelessly turn the raspberry pi on/off?
Focus of Raspberry Camera is too close
Capturing Video in Low light?
Error "/lib/modules/3.18.7-v7+/build No such file or directory" when compiling drivers for wifi dongle
Raspberry Pi Rapid Development Shield-Atlas Scientific-Reading Two(2) Sensors at the Same Time
Start Kodi when HDMI changed on Smart TV
Why is Real Time Software an Issue?
wpa_gui no adapters
kernel Disabling IRQ #49
GPIO Pin Explanation
Has anyone successfully used I2C repeated starts on the PI2? My scope says they are broken
RaspberryPi (Rasbian) name resolution does not work in a non-internet network
Is it safe to run Raspberry Pi on 900 Mhz all the time?
How to run 2 servos with wiringpi2 on Raspberry pi 2
How do I set NTP time on my PiCamera/camera.py video feed?
Input/output error while receiving the string from arduino via i2c
OTA Update of Multiple Raspberry Pi's
Alarm System - Detect 2.5V or 5V
Using Irdroid with a raspberry
Vibration sensor / accelorometer capable of measuring vibrations caused by trains passing by
How to measure Power Supply without Extra Hardware on B+ and RPi 2
Bizarre SDcard MMC errors
Raspberry Pi kernel image installation on new SD Card (no pre installed Raspbian or NOOBS in it - it's free with no partions)
Seeing open windows via SSH and putty
Raspberry Pi multiple NFC readers
Optimal boot time
Multiple Raspberrys for different services
wpa_supplicant.conf with two network cards not working when wpa-roam
Available GPIO Pins for Transmitter
When Raspberry Pi is shutdown, server send SMS to it to boot it back up
Raspberry Pi server to avoid Packet Loss?
Establish PPP via serial cable
NRF24l01 Raspberry Pi and Arduino
Buffer I/O error on dev sda1 - not a hardware problem
Add delay to video stream?
What is Mathematica for?
How can I interface a serial GPS receiver with a Raspberry Pi?
Truncating SD image
Momentary switch as GPIO input - Trouble with code and bouncing/floating
Securing GPIO groups vs gpio-admin
Centos and raspberry pi 2
Python as web server cgi and request response cycle
External Hard Drive does not show up in devices though it is adequately powered
How do I generate/configure config.txt for raspberry Pi2 using Yocto?
Reconnect of multiple RTSP streams on omxplayer and screen
Auto Start a .py file with LXTerminal
How do I interpret the Volts and Amps on my Raspberry Pi Power Adapter?
How to install cakephp on Raspberry Pi?
ethernet usb ports are dead
Ethernet and wifi together
Idle Can't Bind to Ports
Using Raspberry Pi to measure power consumption
Access exposure control in USB webcam
SD Card RPi 2 - why the SD card won't work
Raspberry B+ remove USB ports
Can I login using something other than a password; i.e. a keypad using GPIO pins?
IOError exception not handled within signal handler
How to play songs using bluetooth from mobile to XBMC
Raspberry -> multiple arduino's cross communication
/dev/null folder doesn't exist. Should I create it?
How can I get an SPI ADC (MCP3002) on RPi2
Output Pins not showing in Sensors
si7013 driver install raspberry pi
Connecting Pi Video composite to a multicamera-system?
Measure the frequency of a 555 timer
Connect RFID/NFC reader/writer using UART or SPI?
How to unregister Automatic execution
Add more than 2 SPI slaves
Use a USB MIDI controller as an input
Internet connection with SSH
Would it be possible you create a retropie cluster that would run the different processes on each individual pi?
Retrieve printing data from old security system via DB25/LPT with Raspberry Pi
Emulator to write a program without a physical raspberry pi device
Raspberry Pi RFID interfacing
Use raspberry as audio sink
GPIO.cleanup() on RPi2
Cant get RASPI pin to toggle
Functions and limitations of Windows 10 IOT for Pi 2
How to install Programs on Pi Without Pi Store
Off logic with Pi and Picamera using GPIO
redirect input audio to output with USB sound card
Error when trying to mount harddrive
Retropie 3.2" tft screen not working
Can't install any program on b+
Raspberry pi Model B - Control a mini fan
Network server with raspberry pi
LXDE autostart procedure failed : file not found
Wifi raspberry pi 2 problem
Remove GNU licence and 'no warranty' thing when logging into ssh
Making phone calls from a Raspberry Pi
Disabling Auto-Login when normal ways don't work
Electronics of a water pump
Cellular Modem Data Usage
Cannot connect to wifi using wicd-curses
Using a power supply to power Pi and Pump
GPIO23 (BCM) is busy when using /sys/class/gpio but I am able to use wiringPi pin 4 (GPIO23)
Is the Raspberry Pi suited for sensor and voice recognition project?
Under Upgrade of Raspberry Pi - "This likely means that your installation is broken"
SSH works only with public IP but not with dynamic DNS hostname
SPI communication with the MCP3008 in C
Touch Screen Window Size Adjuster
Raspbian LXDE Seperate Wallpaper for each Workspace/desktop
How can I sort out a Raspbian/OSMC scenario?
Trick kernel into having a connected keyboard
Is Raspberry Pi 2 better than Raspberry Pi B+ for controlling RGB LEDs via software PWM
Voice recognition on arduino or raspberry pi?
Install PostGis on Raspberry Pi from a compiled PostgreSql 9.3 installation
How do I replace Berryboot boot partition with a regular one?
Raspberry pi shutting down randomly
Time between power on and kernel starting
How to remap Caps Lock to ESC
RPi + GPS + Arduino Shield
How do the Raspbian and OSMC repositories differ?
Using Rpi with serial debug ports
Whitey, yt and Device Support
UART Configuration for custom bittage
Stream audio and video
External Hard Drive with HFS+ file system mounted read only in OSMC
What to buy to build a simple robot with Raspberry Pi?
Raspberry Model B rev2 - fan controlled by relay
Update MATE Desktop Environment on Raspbian
Issue keeping the chip select asserted low during transfer
how to start xclock (or something else) to be displayed on my HDMI device on Raspbian console session?
Problem connecting 3G Dongle that works without dialer
Why does shairplay quality on raspi decreases when using system wide airplay?
Controlling a fan on a relay with python
Script Installation Problems RP 2 | iojs | node | npm
Can I use the 3.3v pin instead of the 5v pin?
How to set up .profile for RasPi VNC desktop
SPI Channel 1 with MCP3002 in Windows 10 IoT
Read-write filesystem + no problem when halting the Pi by removing the power cord?
How to configure my raspberry pi to connect to network?
Controlling servo with pi-blaster works but pi-blaster.js does not
Can header pin 11 be used as GPIO17 in Windows 10 IoT?
Raspberry Pi Sound Issues
What is needed to set up a Pi as a local server?
SX300 Expansion Board and SATA devices
pi-gpio does not turn on/off the pin
Can a 10 node raspberry pi cluster use a single hardrive as storage
Emulating raspbian with QEMU
Getting a deb repository error for collabora
BCM2835 GPU interrupt handling with FREERTOS
Turn TouchScreen Backlight Off after Shutdown
Touchscreen Software Keyboard
What does following msg/error mean: GDBus.Error.org.freedesktop.PolicyKit1.Error.Failed: Cannot determine user of subject
How to install python 3.4 on pidora
LM35 temperature sensor not listed
Can the Pi Emulate an HID device with via USB?
How do I write the RetroPie img file to my SD card?
PiTFT tactile switch #17
Stuck with the "No access to /dev/mem. Try running as root!"
Memory split - How much is the GPU responsible for?
Run node server on boot
VLC RTSP stream works with GUI but not in CLI
Is it possible to have separate settings for composite and HDMI video?
Keyboard doesn't work in initramfs
Using kernel debug symbols on Raspberry pi
Compiling a custom RPi kernel for QEMU
Is this a bug in sysfs? - GPIO access control problems
System cron jobs are not running
2 scripts need every frame from NOIR camera board at same time
RPi restarts when driving 28BYJ-48 (ULN2003) stepper motor through LM2577 Step-up converter module
Run code on Raspberry Pi without gui
GPIO ground on adafruit TFT hat screen
How to access xbian partition?
How do I do an internet speedtest from CLI on Raspbian?
File Transfer Problems
Realtek RTL8153 Ethernet Doesn't work on Arch Linux
Make a dumb TV smart with Raspberry Pi
Raspbery pi aneometer
Symbol lookup error when pressing button on raspberry pi breadboard
Problems installing build-essential in RASPBERRY PI 1 MODEL B+
Any code for testing touchscreen controller STMPE610 on RPi?
Install additional packages that provide Bluetooth low energy and router capabilities
Initrd and btrfs raid at rapsberry pi 2
Is this possible to read internal CPU temp sensor directly from cpp code?
Performance of a raspberry pi as a firewall
Setting PN532 operating mode
What would I use to let me use the GPIO pins on my RPi without soldering directly onto the pins & without a breadboard?
Make Custom OS For Raspberry Pi B+
Max number of RC motors controlled by Raspberry PI
Can Raspberry Pi be used as a desktop virtualization server?
Trying to install Wolfram Mathematica on Jessie
Setting up Dualshock 3 controller with retropie
Why can't I extract a tar.gz file?
LCD(20x4) module with 2 sensors
OS is hanging after a cat of a file (DS18B20 probe) -- How can Python break out of the hang?
Safe shutdown button not working
Easy Raspberry Pi Method of transferring picamera h264 files to computer
Fail to load Chromium with URL
Multiple webcams - cannot open in openCV & corrupted image
How to trace the path on a command
Micro pc to control scenography, shutdown
NFS booted Pi hangs if booting while the server is not ready
Startup Problems
Self healing SD Card partitions
How to create serial cable for Paspberry Pi with arduino micro?
Enable PL011 UART transmit/receive FIFO
Raspberry Pi Connect to 3G modem instead of ethernet
How do I fix cracking sounds?
G++ 4.8 optmization for compile on Raspberry Pi 2
Fastest storage setup
How do I change operating systems. From OSMC to NOOBS on Raspberry Pi 2. Both OS are on one sandisk
How to query GPIO's value?
Windows 10 IoT on RPi2 as a small HTTP / REST Web API Server
How do I get my Raspberry Pi to get data from my Parallax RFID reader
SSH into Raspberry Pi with 3G modem connected
Is my code too intensive on the cpu?
How to increase the camera exposure time?
Simple temperature monitor Raspberry Pi 2 + GPIOs with DS18B20 on WIndows 10 Universal App
Are there any wifi/bluetooth combo adapters that work with the Pi?
Raspberry Pi's apt-get cannot find repositories
Access to my raspberry pi with samba over the internet
How to diagnose problem with OpenCV face tracking
Spi and WS2801 problem on the raspberry pi
PIGPIO stream pwm data over websockets with nodejs. GPIO
exec command on reboot
SSH after typing in "ifdown --force eth0"
Red LED blinks twice on boot with 5V/5A power adapter!
Raspbian ~/.xinitrc File Missing
Problems FT5306 USB Touchscreen
USB Bluetooth dongle shuts down after Bluetooth serial port disconnection?
raspberry pi relay switch to ouput bulbs/other devices diagram
Which one is faster? A NAS device or a web server on RasPi B+
Connect GPIO output to second Raspberry Pi input
reboot raspberry remotly from webserver
How can i connect Note 4 camera module (16M OIS) to Raspberry Pi?
USB Bluetooth dongle loses its "PSCAN" state when connected via Bluetooth serial port
Error when running pyaudio test file
Is Raspbian Xorg server built in static form?
Does the Raspberry Pi 2 support 64-bit integers?
Low light condition video
Raspberry pi with python speech_recognition having error
Raspberry Pi 2 low bogoMIPs number
pi locked out after trying to autorun a script
Is it possible to setup a wireless file server and access the drives from a Windows PC?
Not able to use Raspberry pi as a FM transmitter
Switching Between Languages
Why does the Raspberry Pi not have a power button?
SSH not working
Olimex monitor should be 800x480; is 656x512, yes overscan is on
I2C device not showing
Power and Internet over a 15m distance
I2C and camera issues
Boot issues with 64gb sd card
Multiple IP addresses being assigned
Touchscreen with Qt QML eglfs
How to make a high powered USB hard drive work with the Pi?
all commands in raspbian terminal stop working
Wire 5v to raspberry pi b+ without microUsb
Will there be backfeed problems if I use a powered external HD on RPi 2?
A great rdp client
rPi2 + Sandisk Ultra/Extreme plus/Extreme pro: would it work?
Is it possible to power 2 devices using a powerboost charger?
Pi 2 usb camera stream hosted by third party
Can I host a MineBuilder server?
Stepper motor ROB-09238 & RPi2 what driver do I need, really need one?
Half size breadboard problem
Raspberry Pi unreachable over network
Best wi-fi dongle for routing
How to make the Raspberry Pi consume less power
Are there any damaging effects to leaving the Raspberry Pi on all the time
I can't login as Pi anymore
When will a new Raspberry Pi be released?
How did the Raspberry Pi get its name?
How to show audio signal on the screen of raspberry pi? and how to input the sound signal?
RPi2 raspbian I2C error - BMP180 sensor
How to connect my external drive with my raspberry pi?
Specify interrupt in devicetree overlay
Share Wi-Fi Internet access via Bluetooth on Raspberry Pi
Power with batteries on 3.3V
When using display_rotate=1 half the screen is black
Issue scheduling a task in raspbian to email my out facing ip
Trouble with motion on_event_start parameter
On OSMC, how do I get to NOOBS?
Difference between raspbian and other armhf OSes for Rpi 2
Raspbian image based on Debian 8 (jessie)
Timezone correctly set but incorrect output
Display works for a few seconds, but then tells me there is no signal
SSH to RPI using android hotspot and PC
Locale incorrectly defined or undefined in startup script
Stop restart OSMC on exit
Need help creating a python script to access an HTU21D
Sonic Pi Application Open But Not Listening to 4557 Port
Why are some GPIO pins HIGH when the Raspberry Pi boots up?
Large Monitor on Ubuntu Mate
How to synchronize multiple video displays?
Raspberry Pi network crashes but can still ping
Node-Red TypeError
BMP180 wrong reading
What are limitation for making a Web Server with RPI 2?
Do I Need To Replace My Raspberry Pi Camera?
Connect 2 different sensor to same ground
"can't read superblock" when trying to mount usb drive
How to get write access to an sd card which already has an image burned onto it.
OpenCV cv2.VideoCapture(0) is not working well with webcam
SD read only - how to make USB automount read write
Best way to use Raspberry Pi as a 5-drive NAS with RAID 5
How to install a cross-compiler for the Pi on OSX
Setup microphone stream and turn your raspberry pi into a baby phone
Seafile Client does not connect to server with HTTPS anymore
Change default HDMI mode of monitor output
Load kernel image and file system via a boot loader
Access my camera from the outside
Question about screen rotation in Rpi
How to use E18-D50NK on a Raspberry Pi?
Connecting a SainSmart 9-in HDMI Touchscreen?
RPLCD libary not working
USB HUB module for Rasberry Pi A+
Audio amplifier hardware
Script to change desktop background
Adafruit FONA 808 GPS
How to enable sound on HDMI?
i2cdetect shows every possible address
How to enable aufs support on raspberry Pi, specifically, raspbian?
MCP3008 returns sinusoidal values
Uninstalling maynard desktop on raspbian
wiringPiSetupSys - input pin state does not change
How to install omxplayer on minimal distros?
can't load IA 32-bit .so on a ARM-bit platform
raspberry pi 2 raspicam auto start problem
When is it safe to switch power off after halting Pi
How can I install PHP 5.6 (instead of 5.4)?
Where can I find mysql-devel?
Using my Raspberry Pi without HDMI TV
NOOBS preloaded SD Cards and OSMC
Install omxplayer on the commandline
Trying to auto run an application on boot
Which minimal Linux distro for RPi will fit on 16 MB SD card?
Can I determine the MAC address without booting up?
Hacking my alarm clock, how can I use it's built in display with my raspberry pi?
Prevent Pi from sleeping
Sound glitch when playing video with Pi 3 and omxplayer
Save an image of a RPi thats booting from a hard drive
ARM ELF file in IDA Pro
Where are the python picamera docs?
Mosfet layout, Arduino and RPI
How to resize epiphany web-browser
Switching between TV's displaying OSMC on Raspberry Pi through Mobile Apllication
RPI 2 B freezes when Wi-Fi dongle is inserted and doesn't detect it
Wifi Problem with a B but not a B+ on Google Fiber
How to unbind i2c bus 0 from the i2c driver?
Controlling Stepper Motor Responding Strangely
Importing RPi.GPIO
Running a Raspberry Pi off of a Wii Balance Board
LIDAR Lite giving random address
send gpio commands from rpi python script to another rpi
How to configure pi to preferentially choose network adapter on startup on Raspbian?
Connect usb camera to gpio pins
Running Google Now on Pi - possible? Or use Windows 10 Cortana?
Latency variation
Raspberri pi 2 desktop toolbar flickering over xrdp
Can't see video files in NFS Share (haneWIN)
PI 2 always got filesystem errors
Plug a 5 V fan to GPIO 1 and 2
Camera, Ubuntu, modprobe bcm2835-v4l2 ERROR: could not insert 'bcm2835_v4l2': Operation not permitted
How to debug crashing Pi?
Error on sudo apt-get update
Raspberry Pi 2 does not recognize USB memories
crontab job not working properly
How do I connect a raspberry pi to a hidden network with no passkey using a static ip address
How to switch the current draw to 1.2A instead of 600mA?
using GPIO Reading from 4 inputs give me non accurate output
10 second delay on Post Request from Midori with node backend server
Using SSH and VNC Viewer over the internet
Why does the SD card random write performance for record size 8-128 kB drops below the performance of record size 4 kB?
Using a raspbian image, on various raspberrys
Can we use usb webcam with picamera?
How to mount NTFS drive on a Raspberry Pi B
Raspberry Pi B possible sd card issue?
Can't get VGA monitor to display anything with passive adapter
Script works on laptop, but not on PI
Is there a program (like Filezilla) to transfer files by schedule to the Raspberry Pi?
How can I terminate program running continuously via rc.local?
Error loading bc2835-v4l2 driver, Raspberry Pi and OpenCV
Convert the frame data from recording into a numpy array
Issue with python subprocess
Output text over MIDI to DX7
Raspberry Pi Linux, Android, and bridging it all together
TL-WN725N not working
Why is my Raspberry Pi 2 so hot?
Power led is not up when powering from power bank?
Raspberry Pi - HDMI damaged?
Cron job doesn't work, but runs successfully manually
WiringPi: using interrupts with Python
Choppy playback Kodi on Raspbian RPI2
RetroPie - I can't see the NES emulator
Compiling source code fundamentals: general steps to compile some program for any Linux
Pi camera synchronization
Purpose of " 127.0.1.1 raspberrypi " entry in file /etc/hosts
Raspbian, no audio HDMI, have tried all the troubleshooting I can find
Ridicoulus File Server performance
Buffering issues with kodi (on openelec)
External USB drive changes to read-only
Is it safe to leave stuff connected to the GPIO pins when the Pi is powered off?
/etc/network/interfaces missing on Raspbian
Problem installing usbip on Raspbian
Access the display from a python app running as a service
Installation OpenCV 3.0 on Raspberry Pi running Debian Wheezy
How can I use MonoGame/OpenTK with good performance?
Distributing a Raspbian image
Raspberry Pi crashes when setting servo pin high
How to boot Ubuntu 14.04 for Raspberry Pi 2 under qemu?
Can't edit files on SD card
Cast full OS X screen on RPI
How to read Analog 5V sensor ouput with Digital 3.3V GPIO?
New Project: Video intercom using two Pi's/cameras (with separate audio)
Setting a homeserver with Rasberry PI 2
How to use a RPI to do port forwarding?
run tunslip6 on bootup
Samba shows an extra shared folder
Kernel throwing up all kinds of errors over night
Problems in getting two camera feeds via an OpenCV python program
Don't show preview window for Raspistill?
Modifying "hosts file" on "Windows 10 IoT"
How to Add Delay at Boot
Auto start timer program with remote overide
RCA output of Pi in black and white
FFmpeg with x264 NEON support
SSH into Pi using Laptop Screen
mounting a SMB share onto Raspbian
Why don't I have permission to cd to a partition on my SD card?
How to set a fixed Frequency and change duty cycle from 0 to 100 in Raspberry Pi hardware PWM?
SSH to raspberry Pi with Ethernet connection through wifi
Need 1 more 5v Pin - what to do?
Terminate an auto run script safely on abrupt power off
Streaming from the pi camera to a website
Pi2 has no red light
Problem with version MQTT
Minimum latency to acquire an image?
Cannot open "idle" in root mode using python
Cannot send data from RaspberryPi to Arduino using UART
Light an LED in parallel with trigger switch
HDMI TO SCART via VGA Converter (15KHz)
Problem “RTNETLINK answers: File exists” when running ifup (WiFi + Eth)
HDMI switching Board
Python script stops running after 15-20h
How to add a package to official raspbian repositories?
Raspberry Pi JDK7
Raspberry Pi 2 + WD My Passport (external 2.5 USB 3.0)
nginx 1.9.2 on raspbian
Packet loss when receiving UDP stream
i want to use raspberry pi as a router to access zigbee end devices
Raspberry as dialin-server
Save picture/video to Windows 7 file
Problem in connecting to Wi-Fi ,what is PSK?
run JavaME codes directly from raspberrypi
Not booting when wifi is plugged in
My Pi2 won't boot. How do I check\measure the voltage on a Pi2
Is it possible to control a stepper-motor with javascript?
Raspberry Pi2 not booting when I reference the USB drive by UUID (works fine when using /dev/sda1)
pi2 stopped working
My Pi2 doesn't cognize One-Wire
Launching a python script in IDLE3 works but in terminal I get an error on a ConfigParser
Raspberry Pi Camera Module distorted colours
using the xboxdrv exec function
External SSD or External HDD more suitable for Raspberry Pi 2 Model B?
is there a way to play two sources ( a wav file and a samson meteorite recording) at the same time?
Raspberry Pi 2, PIR project, all pins always get GPIO.HIGH value
copper plate came with raspberry pi
Touchscreen Keyboard for the Mentally/Physically Challenged
GTK+2.0 and GTK+3.0 Installation issue in Raspberry pi Wheezy
Reboot after some times a GPIO output is on
Problem with my reboot-on-wifi-lost script
Sending an authorization/credentials header with the Adafruit FONA
Does the Raspberry Pi or Pi 2 support Ethernet Flow Control (Pause frames)?
Dhcp udhcpd is not starting on boot
Failed to connect to wpa_supplicant - wpa_ctrl_open: No such file or directory
Raspberry Pi as Tor Router
Using python on raspberry for leds sometimes not working
Error is raised when I compile simple driver module on Pi itself with a corss-compiled Kernel
calibrate touch screen (Raspberry PI 2 b+)
Share Raspberry pi's internet through router
Is it possible to trigger 10 (or 100) Raspberries to take photos at the same time using WiFi?
Apple Macintosh 1984 OS 0.8.5/or similar on RPI2
Could picamera capture images without adjustment?
Can this motor shield be used with a raspberry pi and not an arduino?
Log in to Pi static IP, but no monitor
DS18B20 way too high temperature values
Chromium **No sound** or/and **"Aw, Snap!"** message when initiating a WebRTC session
What are the steps to port a edited Kernel to a newer version?
RPi Motion FFMPEG Recording falls behind
8 Bit / 256 Colors
picamera's analog/digital gain adjustment for fixed object
How to view outputs in a terminal window of a Python application launched at start-up?
USB / RS485 converter static mapping to /dev/ttyUSB
Calculate Raspberry led strip's power need
Cant git clone from my raspberry
How to setting up wlan0 that automatically turn on when eth0 is switched off?
Setting up a WebServer on the Raspberry PI - Suggestions on approach
Is there any "industry standard" for single-board computers?
Touch friendly OS or desktop environment
AdaFruit PiPlate(LCD+Keys) + PWM port + DS18B20 temp sensor
Bit banging SPI
Continues graph print like in Oscilloscope
cannot start ssh in raspbian
How to power Raspberry Pi 2 B with a powered USB hub that also powers peripherals?
Mount exteral drive on startup RPi 2
Develop a Raspberry python script from a windows
powering raspberry pi B+ through the USB port
Taking images from raspicam at 100 fps
Strongly typed language for the Raspberry Pi?
Outdoor Pi Security Camera
How do I add a task to Crontab
zImage install on Raspberry Pi 2
What kind of USB extension cable (3m) to power up raspi B?
Kodi: Seperate latency settings for audio output HDMI+analogue
Do I need a resistor while connecting a Raspberry Pi to a breadboard?
Raspberry dead?
Ethernet not working on Raspberry Pi 2 (Model B+ or B) running latest version of Raspbian
Are there already "official" DSI screens available?
reconfigure locale failed
Firmware modules not available in Raspbian os
Recommendations for a case to 3D print: Pi B+/Pi 2
How can I install the KY-001 temperature sensor on my Raspberry Pi 2 B?
How to create DYI female jumper cables from male cables?
I broke C13, is it serious doctor?
TFT Buttons on SainSmart 3.2" LCD
unable to connect to wifi using raspberry pi
Raspicam C++ library -- captured image requires several grab()s to be properly bright
How to stream video and audio from one Raspberry Pi to another Raspberry Pi
How to install NoMachine (NoMachine.com) on Raspberry 2
Help on powering 3.3V fans
Raspberry Pis failing on HDMI hot swap
Raspberry Pi 2 does not start SOMETIMES
Can I use Java SE libraries in Java SE embedded on a Raspberry Pi?
Wake up Windows PC via USB event from a Raspberry Pi
Rotary encoder/monitoring multiple pins with Raspberry Sharp
How to connect a 24V input to my GPIO?
How to manually start uv4l MJPEG stream for embedding in a web page?
Connect to Raspberry Pi over ssh: connection refused (from putty)
I can't SSH or connect my Pi via Ethernet
Solar Panel + Raspbery Pi B+ Revision 2 compatiblility?
Connect to Tablet for Display or as a Display unit?
Removing a delay function while capturing image using c++ API for picamera gives me completely black jpeg images
Transfering mp3 files from a remote server to the RPi via cronjob without overwriting
Pi not responding
Dist upgrade broke the kiosk mode
Is there a way to do a slient install on a raspberry pi, but to also include setup information while installing?
Login screen returns after entering login and password
Where does the Raspberry Pi store its network configuration?
Npm install starts printing warnings about common.gypi
Scanner not found through SaneTwain/SaneWinDS/XSane
HTML5 Video options
How to use floating point support in raspberry pi 2
Access Raspberry pi (connected to Router) using hostname in Browser
Installing node.js on v1 Model B - segmentation fault
Read status of power led using sysfs
Cannot install Puppet 4 on Raspbian Jessie
Running idle, with root privileges, while using TightVNC Server
Using I2C in C++ on Raspberry Pi
SD card need to be ejected and pushed back in order to boot
Raspberry pi internet through ethernet cable
Raspberry Pi 2 B with Raspbian hangs during boot
Create my own Linux using Ubuntu Source
Can I design the program via JAVA on PC then transfer it to a Raspberry Pi?
OpenElec on raspberry pi 2 B struggling to play 1080p
How to use python to design a graphical user interface on raspberry pi?
Pi draws too much current
I have problem in connecting with an open and hidden wifi to pi using GUI and command line
Open Elec phantom screen
How can I put in the "@" sign on your Stack Exchange log In from a Raspberry Pi?
Connecting multiple devices with UART
what app should I use to run a slide show on the HDMI out?
Replace /boot/cmdline.txt on RPi2
Raspberry Pi 2 will not boot Hyperion
Use laptop screen without dismantling the screen
RPi to emulate a USB mass storage device?
Having two microphones on a Raspberry Pi
HDMI broken after VUSB was shorted for approx. 500us
largest raspberry pi cluster
Accessing a Pi connected to a router via windows
xinit not displaying to the PiTFT touch screen when call from the rc.local script
Raspberry pi location detection
Upgrading from Pi B+ to Pi v2
Trying to shortcircuit a computer motherboard pin with the Raspberry Pi
GPIO's firing every ~3 milliseconds
Trouble ssh-ing into Raspberry Pi from Mac
Wi-Fi dongle with RTL8188RU chipset scanning but not connecting
Time and date on clean install of raspbian is very wrong
Infrared detection
RPIO.GPIO on RPie vers 1 B versus RPi.GPIO on Rpie vers 2B
Wifi cuts out after a few hours, have to restart Pi
Kernel/Firmware as Debian package
Securing the PI against an attacker with physical access
PI 2 - GPIO pin stays HIGH even when I toggle ( in Java)
Can't apt-get install libssl-dev
Corsair Voyager Air 2 not showing up when on battery power + USB 3.0 connector
Huge delay when running networking commands
Minecraft Pi - name 'block' is not defined
Is it possible to shrink the root partition?
Powering Pi from Ni-MH batteries
Starting lxterminal in default directory
Run Minecraft Pi on Fedora 21
Raspberry Pi and read/write on NTFS with Raspbian 5/5/2015
How do you decide between communication protocols?
Sonar interfacing with Raspberry Pi - getting problem with C code
Installing Kali Pi using all available storage space?
How do you use GPIO output with RPi and Google Coder?
Install PHP 5.6 on Raspbian version 2015-5-5
PiTFT 320x240 Capacitive Touch and Raspberry Pi 2
PHP or jquery to execute python scripts for GPIO
How to Upload Files from a Raspberry Pi to a File Sharing/Transfer website
How can I trigger Pi Camera to take time lapse photos every day at sunrise?
Multiple wireless magnetic reed switches
Control LCD brightness via Raspberry Pi
How can I use my Raspberry Pi for distributed building?
connect the pi to a windows 7 shared drive via wifi?
Raspberry Pi and iMac display
Unable to test SPI interface
lens for raspberry pi 2 to expand the field of view
Which hardware platform to use for measuring hypervisor performance on ARM?
Controlling many stepper motors (not necessarily simulataneously)?
SSH starting raspbian
Arrow keys output scancodes in ucblogo
Flashing pixel on desktop and Kodi
Wifi Network connection along side USB tethering
Resetting a Raspberry Pi from a USB (CH340G) UART
AODV Routing protocol on Raspberry Pi model B ?
Can't connect to the Pi after cloning the SD card
Precision ADCs for Raspberry Pi to minimize Gibbs phenomenon?
Can't turn off network
Control the inclinometer with RS232 or UART
How can the playback button on YouTube videos, be eliminated during playback?
Accidentally edited the etc/network/interfaces without sudo
Raspberry Pi's Power LED does not light, heat and no boot!
Kernel log ONLY on serial console (UART)
ALSA device order versus USB port location on Raspberry Pi 2
How to achieve Low Power Consumption on Raspberry Pi via Software and Hardware control
using wiringPi and bcm2835
How to setup hostapd as service if "hostapd: unrecognized service"?
Raspberry + OSMC + NAS
Redirect output from SSH to local TFT screen
How many DHT22's can be connected to a RPi?
RPi not visible from LAN but works as an AP
Can I install Raspbian through terminal?
The power LED will not light- power supply is fine
pure python mjpeg streaming?
Can RPI be connected to 3G network 24/7
How can I virtualize an OS for a Raspberry Pi computer on Windows host?
sudo without password: More of an issue on Apple?
What version of Raspbian?
Issues connecting via ssh to raspberry pi
How can I make my raspberry PI like the one that was sent into space?
Wifi speed is only 5Mb/s for different adapters
How to set up an LCD touch screen? I have a tinylcd35 touch screen
Suddenly unable to get usual static IP over wifi
Where is the space in my SD card?
Serial port connection problem
Connecting an Apple mouse and keyboard to Model B+
PHP controlling LED through a script. Can't get it to work
Multiple webcams on a single Raspberry Pi
Moving files from SD card to mounted USB drive using FTP client
configure setup to install apache, php, and then copy in /var/www/
Play system mp3 through web request
How to convert h265 videos to h264 videos on pi2
Can't Connect to Raspberry Pi
Use /boot/cmdline.txt for creating first-boot script
Why will Pidora not run on my Raspberry Pi 2
Side by side camera module preview?
Using I2c port as standart GPIO
Some error happened when running a python program on raspberry pi
Kolab on the Pi
Trouble with rpi-source with kernel 4.0.x
Windows 10 IOT Core, Fails to connect using powershell (Objectnotfound measure-object:string)
X11 using xming and PuTTy: “cannot open display” problem
Cannot get ultrasonic sensor HC-SR04 to work(maybe I broke it with wrong wiring?)
cron not running @reboot command
Can't connect to raspberry pi 2 over bluetooth with MIT App Inventor app
Controlling Servos with a Raspberry Pi
MCUFriend LCD on Pi2
Pi B, Raspbian Jessie. Watchdog doesn't start at boot
RPi web browsers that work on YouTube
Can I execute a script before every login
Multiple camera processes running at the same time
How to measure the distance from pi NOIR CAMERA MODULE and the object
Missing Colors Raspberry Pi 2
Cronjob: Visit a webpage everyday
Raspberry Pi and the ACS ACR1252U USB NFC Card reader
How to automatically connect to a new network?
"shutdown now" or "shutdown -h now" to power off Raspberry Pi?
AirCrack-NG suite: besside-ng not installed on Ubuntu 14.04 for raspBerry Pi 2
Remotely multi-booting RaspBerry Pi 2
Make a Raspberry Pi reliable on remote place
Lock down pi UI
I am attempting to create a WiFi gateway
Failed install of Python3.4.3 on Raspberry Pi
Error installing OS with Noobs
Where is the cronfile located at?
SPI library installation error
Midori keeps opening a faq
16x2 LCD displaying blocks when connected with MCP23017
How many buttons at once?
Connect to Raspberry PI Behind Private IP MiFi
Raspberry Pi 2 B will not display video and PWR LED will not turn on
Adafruit 16x2 LCD not displaying properly
GPIO HW PWM @ 143Hz and 20-80% duty cycle, with WiringPi's gpio utility
Raspberry Pi shuts down when not in use?
If I use a ribbon cable with my PiTFT, is there a maximum length?
Output from pigpio unexpected
Dnsmasq DHCP not giving IP address
Attempting to ssh from Mac Terminal
How to use JSN-SR04T on a Raspberry Pi?
How to override wifi broadcast speed limit?
Is Fedora REMIX being supported anymore - is a updated Pidora release available?
Is it possible to shut off a Raspberry Pi 2 b using the GPIO pins?
GPIO - RuntimeWarning: This channel already in use, continuing anyway
Can the raspberry Pi 2 B be used as a media centre with Windows 10 IoT?
Raspberry Pi 2 wont turn on, just blinking green
Python Serial library for RaspberryPi2 tutorial/command list
Automatically copy files from Raspberry Pi to Mac
How to read Wiegand card ID?
Raspberry Pi jumper
How to install PyQt5 on Raspberry Pi?
Getting my first TWI program working?
Listen to 433MHz signals in the background
Operating system?
Raspberry Pi 2 and SH1106 OLED
Grab HDMI/VGA in video feed
Connect to public wifi hotspot
How likely is a Pi to be damaged when it is plugged out
Motors have stopped working
Syntax error: word unexpected (expecting ")") ERROR when run : python configure.py
Providing correct access to git repository
Can I get some help wiring up this GPS unit?
openalpr error -bash: alpr: command not found
Pi does not boot
How can I change the mouse cursor theme in raspbian?
HDMI to VGA adapter power
Pluging an Adafruit touchscreen on a HifiBerry DAC+
Can I use Raspberry Pi in commercial production?
Is it possible to install or move my installed Linux to another partition?
How can I run Spotify on a raspbery pi with the official Spotify interface?
Upgraded to Pi2 - no network connectivity
Web relay switching keyboard shortcut
PowerShell can't connect to Windows IoT
Raspberry pi autostart terminal running nodejs for LXDE environment
Raspistill parameters for shaky camera
pigpio returns -999.00 from pin 18
Is there a way to connect an I2C RTC using pins 17,19,21,23,25?
raspi A constantly unresponsive
unar: symbol lookup error: unar: undefined symbol: main
How to send data back and forth between the Pi and a C# application on a Windows PC
Emulating a bluetooth from a Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi USB microphone 1 Khz background noise interference
Eth0 gets static IP even without cable
Mouse is not working on being connected. How to solve the issue?
How to force RPi to wait for data from UART?
How to auto start a script in Raspbian
Amazon IR emitter and a PI 2
Accessing YUV data in openCV on the RPi
Minibian SSH enabled by default?
libmmal_core.so missing
Access numpy array in openCV
Raspberry Pi ESC speed control
Help to fix: INIT: Id "1" respawning too fast: disabled for 5 minutes
gpio library on windows while developing
How to install git in PI snappy
IEEE80211n message transmission between 2 Raspberry Pi
Raspberry pi stops process after a few hours!
SSH into Pi, why static IP 169.254.149.192 always?
SSH takes long time to connect
How to hide PWM.add_channel_pulse(dma_channel, gpio, start, width) output?
Problem in 'make' for installing CP210x driver to my Raspberry Pi
DS18B20 not visible
I accidentally deleted the Wifi icon on my desktop. And now I can't find how else to connect to a network. Can you please help?
Modified RPi.GPIO package causes "'module' object has no attribute 'RPI_REVISION'" in camera.py?
Cannot get graphical program to start up on boot
Change wifi SDIK and password on Windows
RPi cold boots into low resolution (LCD)
Remote Control Raspberry Pi
Cannot compile anything on raspberry or works code I compile in another linux
Installed node package cannot be accessed
making GPIO 5V tolerant
How do i install pifacecad?
Can zram improve performance when running RPi2 OS partition from USB?
Resistors vs. Jumper Wired
How many simultaneous users can a Raspberry Pi handle?
Problem configuring touchscreen for Raspberry Pi
How can I install git 1.9.4 or above on raspbian?
Is it possible to control 6v dc motors with pi?
issues installing cross-compiled kernel onto blank SD card
A suitable OS for running a Java application which captures photos and prints them
Connecting to laptop wifi via ethernet
Alternative of sudo in Raspbian
Cannot install code blocks on Raspbian
Is the download "Electronics -->Arduino" on the Raspbian OS, the same as the "Electronics -->Arduino" on the Kali OS from Offensive Security?
VPN gateway connection partly disables internet connection through wifi
Can't push qemu Debian image to Pi
Emulating a keyboard with the Raspberry pi Issue: Bluetooth instance has no attribute 'cinterrupt'
using os.path.expanduser("~") I am getting /root instead of /home/pi
Why is everything a background process?
Timeout when connection to a page but ping works?
Running Adobe Flash application on Raspberry Pi B+
Temperature Sensor for use with Nagios
RaspiMJPEG could not creat camera
How many devices can connect to this Wireless USB Adapter on Raspberry Pi?
Raspberry Pi project with sound concatenation based on date/time and events
Zeemote js1 connection
Communicating with a Raspberry Pi that is underwater ?
Will this work on a touchscreen?
How do In open IDLE?
Raspberry Pi's clock and perfect timing
ssh "Acess denied" password doesn't work (B+), have tried new charger, sudo passwd pi, etc
send_packet: Network is unreachable Huawei E3351 3G Dongle
dc motors not responding to gpio's
Remotely connecting to the PI to download images
Install Custom Kernel
Special characters show as question marks in the shell
Control a small motor
Wifi shared through ethernet cable [Ubuntu]
Need to connect 60 input LED and 60 switch
Raspberry Pi 2 Smoke Detector Circuitry with MCP3008
Reading incoming voltage
xterm-256color behavior on Mac OS X
"Segmentation fault" error when using Gstreamer on Raspbian
Programming servo - What to use?
How do you Headlessly SSH in Desktop Mode?
Wifi adapter detected but doesn't work
White screen on touchscreen display
Can my RPi B+ control a Apto® CAN-BUS Shield for Arduino?
Switch on openbox window manager
Write text input using the touchscreen?
model B+ config and ssh without mouse and keyboard
How to upload program from web server to Raspberry Pi?
Postgresql startup seems to fail with network start
What is the relationship between camera.analog_gain and camera.digital_gain?
Youtube on Raspberry Pi 2 (Model B)
Undervoltage rainbow despite good power supply
Can I re-use the GPIO pins that are driving an LCD display?
PWM on Raspberry Pi 2 and Windows 10 Core IoT RTM
USB Wi-Fi dongle listed in lsusb, wlan0 OK in ifconfig, but no address and all RX dropped
Apache server control Python script
My Raspberry Pi 2 isn't connecting to the network through an Ethernet cable. What do I do?
PIL.Image from picamera.capture()
Can not Headlessly connect to Pi through LAN without wifi and internet sharing
Unable to connect to internet on RaspberryPi
Why does my raspberry pi keep halting?
Raspbian without a GUI and other programs I don't need
camera.resolution issue using the picamera module!
How to capture keyboard in Python?
Install older kernel (3.6.11+) on Raspberry Pi 2
Android on Raspberry Pi 2
How to make an external monitor working while lcd display is connected?
Raspberry Pi 2 i2c-dev kernel module not loading
Upgrade raspbian to jessie
Where is the best place to share RPI Image files?
Windows 10 WiFi Adapters
Why cleanup the GPIO pins?
SPI SDA GPIO Rspi
Phonon video player getting stuck on Raspberry Pi
Can I use usb port for display purposes?
Raspberry Pi 2 (programmer) can not detect my Arduino via USB, even with alamode installed
How do you reconfigure the keyboard?
Does RB URF02 ultra sonic sensor give false readings?
Hard drive disconnects with with my NAS pi seedbox
Counting (multiple) pulses on a pi
Attached LEDs to GPIOs 18, 23, and 24, using JavaME 8. 18 and 24 work, but not 23. Why?
Which port of Debian Jessie to install on Raspberry Pi 2?
What bare minimum knowledge should I know before working with hardware on the Raspberry Pi?
Minecraft Pi Edition Performance on Pi2 Compare to Pi1?
Does PI go to sleep or does it stop supply to USB if the drive is not being used for some time?
Use iPhone/iPad or Android phone as a Raspberry 2 display?
Does Windows 10 IoT support Java on the Raspberry Pi 2?
Serial device is not detected by pi
Touchscreen LS-7 Windows IOT issues
How to use internet in raspberry pi when it is directly connected to my laptop via Ethernet cable?
GUI on HDMI monitor doesn't work after installing the LCD display drivers
Raspberry Pi as an Upscaller
USB drive not automounted when booting from external HDD
Sending image to a Bluetooth thermal printer using python
How can I make the ITEAD PN532 work on the R-Pi via UART?
Can't get a CIFS network drive to mount on boot
Pi2 + pigpio + overclock + spi_read
Raspberry Pi 2 not booting connected to network
SSH Internet Connection
Does Minecraft-pi Require an Internet Connection
Picamera stream frame
How do I use different DNS with multiple networks?
Can I safely remove non-free software on a Raspberry Pi 2 running Raspbian?
Touch screen (the film) acts like mouse. How can I make it swipe?
Testing Raspberry Pi scripts on a PC
Raspberry Pi not booting and all LED is dead (also the red LED)
can't install locales HELP
How connect NFC Module ITEAD PN532 to the new Raspberry Pi 2
Why my raspberry does not respond?
Determine which USB port/RFID reader the data is coming in
How to use the water flow sensor with raspberry?
v4l2 on RPi not working in avconv stream
ERRORS when Installing mongodb on the pi
Raspbian/Octopi and the TL-WN725N v1 wifi adapter; drivers included?
Raspbian technique to connect to any strong open wifi signals?
Connecting WS2801 LED strip to my Raspberry Pi
how to install netctl on lastest raspbian pi2
After Jessie upgrade: "A start job is running for dev-mmcpblk01p1.device"
Node.js and its require() function is too slow
Raspberry pi model b waveshare spotpear 3.2 inch lcd touchscreen is not working
How can I avoid wearing out flash memory by frequently changing symlinks?
how to skip NOOBS boot menu
What's the best way to control a Matrix of 10 x 20 LED with Raspberry Pi?
What things I can use for turning on a relay?
Enabling promiscuous mode (not monitor mode)
Python, Pi Camera and Keyboard input
using try-catch to catch gpio interrupts
Raspberry pi Webcam stream with ffmpeg
I need help powering a raspberry pi by a solar panel
serial device communication problem with high baud rate
Real Time Clock Module Will it fry my pi?
Can I use the HiFiBerry DAC+ to create constant output voltages?
Control physical switch with raspberry pi and read the state of the switch
Compute module 2D Drawings (dimensions)?
Raspberry Pi LCD TFT not working
how to connect to the Raspberry Pi through 3G dongle?
Does a Raspberry Pi 2 Model B (quad-core ARM Cortex-A7) have 4 program counters?
Using a keyboard/mouse with an xbox 360
Safe operating parameters for GPIO pins
How do I create a virtual serial port for me to use?
I want to get tor-browser-bundle to run on an RPi2 B. What OS can I use? What are the steps?
Is Raspbian big-endian or little endian
How to backup Pi microSD card intelligently
Using QEMU to run and configure Raspbian from its microSD card
How to click on browser page while emulating touch with Chromium
Raspberry pi does not receive nRF24 payload
RaspberryPi 2 UHS-III SD Card
How can I make ftp created files have the correct permissions for www-data to read
Several USB camera does not work, but Raspberry camera does
pigpio and 1wire working together
Python run script in new console on startup
Can't send data via serial port from Rasp Pi2 to Dell D630 laptop
Python Subprocess Error
Questions about wiring raspberry, l298n, SG90 and HC-SR04
Can I Execute a Jar-File that contains JavaCV 1.0 on a Raspberry PI?
Create a connectable accespoint on Raspberry Pi
SPI module on Raspberry Pi 2
Is it possible to build a Raspberry Pi yourself?
Can't connect via HDMI cable after setting the touchscreen
I get error while installing Raspbian
configuring network access via wifi dongle (adapter) FAILED
Y value of image obtained using Picamera Python documentation fluctuates wildly
Output video on an external display without installing a desktop environment
Pip exception while installing matplotlib on raspberry pi
Custom HDMI mode Raspberry Pi 2
B+ Crash After Launch Pure Data (DAC issue)
Missing 'combined' file in '/sys/module/i2c_bcm2708/parameters' directory
RuntimeError: No access to /dev/mem. Try running as root!
Increase raspberry pi voltage
how to ensure that burned sd card image will work
Sip client raspberry pi
Raspberry Pi 2 stuck on rainbow screen
Seeing "modprobe: not found" using nodejs and raspi-io
can't run udev script when insert usb key
No internet access when connected to network via wireless and wired connections
Need to know requirements for lcd module connector for raspberry pi 2
boot up rasbian into gui program, no interaction
XDM display manager builds but does not run
How to ensure that Terminal runs when I start X?
MPU6050 Python Library
can't launch two device at the same time (hifiberry dac and mcp3008)
cross compiling fails. no rule to make module install
Why does PiCamera take so long to capture?
How to connect the Pi to a PC?
./configure Permission denied - Compiling Qt
How to make IO Error: Decoder jpeg go away?
Is raspbian for the Raspberry Pi 2 B 32 bit or a 64 bit OS?
Can my Pi run constantly, playing a video, all the time?
Install gstfft for gstreamer-1.0 in Raspberry Pi 2
RPi not booting from SD Card
Raspbian not booting, possible file corruption on SD Card
Using a tupperware as outdoor case could mean an static electricity problem?
How to do QEMU emulation for bare metal Raspberry Pi images
The R-PI can't handle improper shutdowns?
Wifi getting connected but not optaining IP address
Rpi2 raspi-config Kali : Overscan
Controlling brushless motor with ESC and Raspbery Pi b+
camera board colors issue
Serial vs I2C speed
Mounted drives show incorrect size and free space
Why is Internet connection slower on RPi2 than on Win PC?
Can I use 2 microphones with pi? & receive those two input-signals respectively?
Debian Jessie or Raspbian Wheezy for Raspberry Pi 2
Touch functionality on 3.5" LCD Touchscreen not working
WIFI - DNS works but internet does not
Pi randomly dies after few days, stops responding and blinking green LED continuosly
Pulled out sd card while doing silent install
Increase Performance of 4x4 LED Matrix (Multiplexing with pi4j)
What are pin headers and what are they used for
Raspberry Pi 2 with 2 or more HDD
Pi NoIR Vs Regular camera for face detection
Raspberry pi froze, unplugged it, and now nothing is working
Alternative to java for an embedded system
How to disable Wi-Fi Dongle sleep mode
Set up on Adafruit Motor Hat
RPi B+ with WiFi clients
Vehicle detection (OpenCV). Arduino or Rasp Pi?
No sound with Rpi 2
RPi powering camera with pan/tilt bracket
How can I connect an internal 3.5'' SATA HDD to Raspberry Pi
Install network printer to Pinet on Ubuntu
Random Perl error occurs when trying apt-get upgrade
How to find distance and direction of IR signal?
Pifox on rasberry pi 2
Failed to start package Window10 IoT
3.5inch RPi LCD display - detach from RPi2
Raspberry pi: Inconsistency detected, assertion failed
Serial console unreliability woes
Use ethernet instead of wifi for Samba
V4l2 video streaming on Arch with RPi2
Epiphany browser auto refresh
Easy Data exchange between Windows PC and Raspberry Pi?
OpenHAB to I2C instead of Internet/Ethernet
Emulating Raspberry Pi 2 (ARMv7) on OS X
Connect Raspberry Pi to NRF24L01+
Kiosk with camera Internet calls
How to troubleshoot power issue on RPI2?
wrapping GPIO.add_event_detect into a try except stops it from running
kernel panic not syncing: VFS unknown-block 179,6 after cloning SD
May I redistribute Windows 10 IoT?
What are some commercial products today that are based on the Raspberry Pi?
RPi.GPIO error: Name error: RPi
Connecting Multiple Raspberry PIs via LAN and Known which Port it is connect to
Using digital microphone with my pi
Problem with HTTP server, port forwarding and WNR614 router
cron job for gpio 1-wire sensor fails at 17 minutes past hour
Cant mount samba share hosted on Debian 8/samba 4.1.17
Raspbian reboot failure - wpa_supplicant but there is an ethernet connection
How do I make hostapd run at startup?
How to remove and add features from OSMC and Openelec on RaspberryPi?
WIFI issues on Boot, wpasupplicant failed to start on boot
Will this PSU be enough for Raspi 2 B & WD extern HDD?
Wifi not working on startup
How to stop omxplayer from a JavaFX application?
Raspberry Pi GPIO pin layout + Cooking Hacks Shield
Combining two Rasberry Pi's together for single application
How often can I switch the micro SD card?
Pi loses connectivity and stops running scripts after a few hours
Run Windows 10 IoT app at startup?
Running Simultaneous Processes
How can I configure PI to connect through WiFi dongle to a network while still using direct cable connection?
iSight Camera A1023
PIL Module not found even though it is installed
Load and Clock Speed vs Power Consumption
RTL-SDR with Raspberry Pi?
Pi is connected to laptop via ethernet cable, but ifconfig is showing only l0 and eth0 , not wlan0?
Importing a C++ code in Python
Reed switch wiring
Which PSU should I use? 5.35v 2A or 5.1v 2.1A
AP scan leads to no results
Is it possible for a bluetooth dongle to receive audio input from two different devices at once?
Autorun Script Now Automatically Shuts Down
ssh: connect to host "raspberry pi IP address" port 22: Operation timed out
Turning to HDMI dongle for hdtv's
Bridge eth0 and eth1 and run dnsmasq
VNC server run at boot - authentication problem
Unable to connect pi to windows laptop
External SSH to Pi not working from Android
qt5 adafruit touch screen on raspberry pi moves pointer too fast
Power supply for Raspberry Pi 2 Model B
Cross-compile x86-64 code on Raspberry Pi 2
How to install fresh Raspbian Jessie on Raspberry Pi 1B
Tapping into 5v power
Using RPi.GPIO in Django app
My pi 2 doesn't fit into my B+ case
USB External drive access over network is too slow
How to start a Python app from the Windows 10 IoT remote Powershell terminal?
mini display with OpenGL support to run Qt gui applications
Raspberry Pi 2 : DHT11 : Oracle Java ME Embedded
Multiple wlan DHCP
Programmatically transfer the file/data from Raspberry Pi to android phone
crackling sound RPI2 analog output
How to use two HC-SR04 Ultrasonic sensor modules with Raspberry Pi
Why it should not be possible to back feed a modern Raspberry Pi?
USB compatible with Topping VX1 USB DAC Amp?
Error starting remote access for ssh
Can connect to PI via eth0 in SSH but not wlan0
Clone OS to new micro SD for Raspberry Pi 2
Would booting off of a USB hard drive increase the responsiveness of my Raspberry Pi 2?
Run GUI application using sudo from a tightvncviewer
Rsync listed unchanged file for transfer, but they had no change to them
Wifi dongle for internet and Ethernet for SSH to Raspberry Pi
RPi B+ How to expose status LEDs to outside of chasis?
Raspberry Pi 2 model B CPU temperature
Conditional rooting from USB or SD on Pi 2?
Chromium OS for RPi2?
How can I get media files to display in a library style?
Unable to succussfully execute pair request from phone to Raspberry Pi
PHP USB serial port call from Windows to Linux
Raspberry Pi battery state?
Measure where someone is standing?
image very small and time to build too short
Problem with WIFI dongle going to sleep
How to change the language in XFCE 4 on Raspbian
How can I compile raspberry2 drivers?
How to clear part loaded operating system
Able to ping IP-8.8.8.8 but not DNS- google.com, after sharing wifi internet connection with Raspberry Pi 2 - MODB through LAN (Headless mode)
LCD file not create in /dev/fb1
Raspberry Pi 2 beeps when overheating?
Can't get Ubuntu Mate on NOOBS?
Trying to use TMP36 via MCP3008 on Windows 10 iot
Where can I download previous builds of Windows 10 IOT Core
How to force Rpi to use usb soundcard
Locking a C++ binary to the RPi serial number
Open tty1 with another shortcut
How to get remote controlled raspberry pi to play music/video out of its OWN speakers
Raspberry Pi Ethernet connection
fatal error: bcm_host.h: No such file or directory compilation terminated
Keyboard not working on Raspberry Pi 2 Model B
Raspberry Pi B+ relay state reading via GPIO pin
Momentary Switch Auto Activating Pull Up Resisitor
Bluetooth Audio Re routing - Separate Input and Output Dongle - Pi B+ AND Micro Bluetooth USB-Stick V4.0, ASUS USB-BT400
Access my Pi from another network for file transfers
Where to put heat sinks on Raspberry Pi?
Forgot my password
How to: Raspberry Pi Cluster
Touchscreen drivers disable GPIO interface in Python
Why does ssh drop out when traffic stops?
Why won't Linux Applications run when the file is executable?
Bluetooth doesn't seem to work with iPazzport dongle
Windows 10 IoT: Serial UART I/O missing. Solutions for RS485 serial I/O?
Sharing wifi connection through Ethernet
Why won't my RPi 2 won't connect to wifi?
How many sensors I can connect to one breadboard ? (raspberry pi 2)
How to always allow share camera in iceweasel?
how to create new user in Raspberry PI who has equal privileges as default user: pi?
Can Raspberry PI function as SPI slave?
Midori Dashboard (autostart) - no JavaScript
Is there a way to build or install and run an app running in OSMC along with the normal media center?
Max gpio input voltage
Strange WIFI behavior on WPA2 Enterprise network
Extracting Images from SD Card on Windows
Pi not booting, no ACT LED, not the polyfuse
Is it possible to store data in Raspberry Pi?
May the Pi2 have a MongoDB 2.6 bamp, please?
Why is Component not working for Raspberry Pi 2?
Raspberry Pi - 4 blinks
Version for `uname -r` remains despite successful rpi-update
How to use logical operations with GPIO of raspberry pi
SSH connection and filling out a field in a browser
Add notification for events on my Raspberry Pi
SSH not working with Raspbian
cannot increase UART clock frequency
couldn't install libusb library
XBMC w/WD MyCloud (NAS)
Mirroring the RPi onto my laptop
Power Pi from 7A power supply
Windows 10 IoT Core Simple Serial Sample not working
Could an old Raspberry Pi 1 (Model B, rev 1, 256MB Ram) view YouTube video smoothly?
Serial communication gives incorrect read
Can I prepare an Ubuntu SD card for my Pi 2 B on a Windows 10 machine?
Torrent client on Windows 10 IoT
Simple "plug'n'play" motor?
Why does GPIO not supply voltage when a battery does to my circuit?
snappy ubuntu's ssh password not recognized
Wall-Mounted Board Help
How to make raspberry pi a wireless monitor
I can access my Pi through the network on one PC but not on the other
Can't use azure servicebusservice with python
Force Raspbian to display everything a little bit smaller
Shutdown Raspberry over ssh
Mounting local filesystem... : Volume was not properly unmounted
Mounting SD Card after Installing Raspbian on it
Creating GUI window visible above RPi Cam preview window
Python - GPIO PWM control backlight LCD display
How can I use a usb barcode reader with my raspberry pi
Can't Shutdown or Reboot from GUI after making new user
Applications that can utilize raspberry pi 2 Model B's GPU
Provide power via GPIO
Installing wifi network adapter
Keyboard not working after running SDL2 based program
Cannot access raspberry pi by hostname
interrupts gpio debounce java
FFMPEG stream video and audio from USB capture
Error While Deployment; User Code Not Handled
3.5mm to RCA/composite video cable not working?
How can you SSH into your raspberry pi with x11 forwarding enabled on mac?
How can I install Teamspeak 3 on Raspbian?
Raspberry Pi 2 pinout - what are GCLK, SPI_CE0, and SPI_CE1?
Detecting and installing wifi adapter
Getting YL-69 Moisture sensor to work and display analogue input
L9110 H-Bridge module @ 12V with RPi2
Raspberry Pi 2 and DS1621
Openalpr compiling error
My Pi shorts every time I run my program. [PiFace]
Openalpr Languages error
Canakit Raspberry Pi 2 model GPIO pins are always High
Raspberry PI 2 Wi-Fi Sleep Problem
Install.sh asking for password in driver installation
Connecting Raspberry Pi to Arduino via USB port. Run python scripts with PySerial
which ubuntu version to install
problem with driver when upgrade to jessie
Pulling GPIO pin to ground
Why won't `gpio` work from an init script?
Interfacing RaspberryPi 2 Model B with Nokia 6260 Camera
Controlling external appliances with external switches?
How can I play different videos at same time?
Raspberry Pi with WLAN adapter breaks WiFi network
Development on Raspberry Pi
how can i make my python program run as raspberry pi boots up?
possible to ssh with Ubuntu MATE
Build a patch panel for the GPIO ports on a Pi
Compute Module Serial Interface
Is it normal when a pin goes low it triggers a interrupt on an another one?
Packet time is measured different timing by Logic analyzer during Ping are different?
Problem with LCD display programming
pwm fan on pin 18 help!
Rpi to arduino via USB
I'm looking for a wifi "open" plug
Can't write at GPIO pins
Where is the clock?
Analog input with MCP3008
Ubuntu Mate WiFi configuration
Cannot Install Node.js. Error: "GLIBC_2.16"
Displaying still images controlled by GPIO buttons
Help mounting a network drive
Wifi Hotspot, adding VPN breaks DNS?
Protect my motion webcam stream with a password (motion.conf)
How to shrink an image file after allocating full space
Advanced IP scanner unable to detect Raspberry Pi
How can I properly test the official 7" Touchscreen?
Can android os support lcd display with spi interface?
How to repair login loop bash error
LCD display not working Raspberry Pi
What am I doing wrong? IR Emitter with Raspberry Pi 2
System for 2 Raspberry Pis to wirelessly communicate about 100 meters apart
change display_rotate at runtime (for kodi)
Official 7in display touchscreen not working
Controlling a PC with a Raspberry Pi
Wi-Fi Adapter problem
How to download an XML content to string variable from web address on Windows IoT
navigator.mozGetUserMedia() returns "Starting video failed"
stty command lag and queue issue
How to continiously monitor Wiegand readers using pigpio library?
Wifi dongle - wlan not listed
Power usb short circuited my raspberry pi
2004-LCD with PCF8574-I2C and wiringPi (Python)
Properly wiring a solid-state relay to the GPIO pins?
USB DAC not listing as playback device
Raspberry Pi 2 Error accessing GPIO with SUDO for AdafruitDHT and AM2302/DHT22 sensor
Sonar 3D Mapping
How can I replace "Wireless Remote Control Switch" with Raspberry Pi?
calling Python script with GPIO module over apache2 web server
Unable mount SD card and access files on Raspbian partition after one successful mount
Can I use the Ethernet (RJ45) port on the RPi to place telephone calls?
WebRTC on Raspberry Pi 2
How do I modify a passive HDMI-VGA cable to an active one?
How does BerryBoot work?
Pairing the Pi over BT 4.0 LE to a MS Universal Foldable Keyboard fails
No picture on new RPi Official display
Connect Adafruit Ultimate GPS Logger Shield and Raspberry Pi 2 B
List of pi camera settings that can be adjusted during recording
VPN connects, but no internet access
One channel relay control
Connection to raspicam as event trigger
RPi not booting into system
Wifi Not Connecting
Running Deluge as a non-root user
Set pullup from command line
Raspberry Pi B+ dead on arrival
Run 2 os's (raspbian and kodi)
How can I preconfigure wireless?
ERROR - A transport exception occured
Trying to get Raspberry Pi 2 B to share internet with laptop running Windows 8
Corrupted `sudo` command?
Trying to use Raspivid into ffmpeg, says "failed to open segment"
GPIO.setup not working
Installing python-blosc on arch
Pulling Data from Python Script for Webpage on RPi
Connect Raspberry Pi2 to Windows 10 Shared folder
Open Web browser on OSMC
Running wireless access server where the server is node.js
hostapd configured with wpa but running with wep
RaspPi and PostgreSQL
Hotspot from wlan0 to wlan1 2 wifi adapters
Is Asus USB-N10 Nano compatible with Raspberry Pi 2?
Database for raspbian accessed with the same raspberry pi
Raspberry Pi 7 inch capacitive touch drivers
Can I use a Galileo Gen 2 6 pin FTDI 3V3 Serial to USB cable with the raspberry pi?
Hide Complete Boot Message from RPI booting
Motion configuration: on_event_start not working
How to control a solenoid using the Raspberry Pi
Advanced servo control
Raspberry pi frequently disconnecting and reconnecting from wifi network
Raspberry Pi (raspbian) tick rate in HZ
How do I boot the RPi into a python GUI instead of Raspbian desktop?
How to build a WiFi repeater using the Raspberry Pi
Reseting Bash Prompt Text(Not the color) on RPi
Raspbian login to GUI requiring password?
How to view .h264 video clip
Can't connect to my RPI access point
How can I get a Raspberry Pi to monitor a large number of Switches and Relays?
How to use Raspberry PI 2 without screen and keyboard?
Linking a Home Alarm Siren to Raspi
startx -- -layout HDMI -layout TFT # at the same time?
How do you setup a Raspbian Package Repository
No video output for raspberry pi 2 model B with Jasper image
Can't run idle3
WiFi Edimax EW-7811UN down after Router Reboot
Best way to access GPIO through a nodejs script - without root
Can you daisy link a Raspberry Pi and Banana Pi?
How do I use the @ symbol on the Rasberry Pi?
Interface SIM 900A GSM MODEM with Raspberry Pi 2 Model B via I2C
wifi stops working after a few seconds
Compile MJPG Streamer Error
Replacing damaged ethernet port
Controlling a Solenoid With GPIO Output Using a Transistor
Converting Pygame.Camera or PiCamera image to something zbar can read
Why did my stepper motor drivers fry my Raspberry Pi 2
Is there a way to get a usb external drive automounted on connect and boot?
Enable monitoring mode for RTL8188CUS via USB on Raspbian
How best to extend the PI with hardware decryption/encryption, TPM/HSM?
Connecting Monitor via HDMI->DVI Cable does not work
How can I change the HDMI resolution when also using the PiTFT?
Controlling LED results in flicking
Magplug substitutes for PI2 PoE adaptation
Limiting GPIO input voltage
Nature / street sounds recording
Backlight control for official Raspberry Pi 7 inch touchscreen
Touch gestures in Raspbian
Database/Webserver Alternatives
Cannot select wifi network from drop down menu?
Fast reinstall of rPi with desired dependencies
My GPIO is not working correctly
Multiple independent TTL input counters with Raspberry Pi?
Unable to connect to Apache 2 server on Pi externally
Can the Raspberry Pi display video from a webcam on a screen with minimal delay?
Under powered Raspberry Pi B+
Can rPi control a computer and provide backup?
How to detect specfic items?
Connecting to breadboard over long distances
Automounting USB drive on boot
Transmit RF signals (433Mhz) with Windows 10 IoT Core?
Windows 10 IoT Core Needs Explaining
Get an init.d script to wait for internet?
Airplay on Raspberry Pi with minimal software
Help with a python script using pull up resistors and long presses of momentary switches
I cannot run my cpp file to connect mysql in my raspberry pi card
Toggle on/off with a push button (WiiMote)
Switching Micro SDs
GPIO pins NOT working when using touchscreen
Taskbar flashes grey
Why is my Raspberry Pi model B overheating?
Why are my LED colors in GRB and not RGB?
How to start core 1,2,3 in Raspberry Pi 2
Can't Mount Folder To Network Share
Not getting 3.3v from GPIO Pin
Pi won't start Raspbian
Cannot find package openjdk-7-jre
With this /etc/network/interfaces configuration file attempting to create a static IP, my pi connects at two local addresses
GPIO Wiring Check - Am I doing it right?
How do I get the configuration and Module.symvers for a Raspbian kernel to compile a loadable module for my RPI 2?
Build a web program with raspberry pi,offline
Getting a Raspberry Pi and an Arduino Uno to Work Together
Raspberry Pi have ONE IP Address
Receive file using Bluetooth and wifi
Raspberry Pi unreachable from network
Python Serial library returning unexpected characters from USB RFID reader
Getting UU when trying to read from SPI on Pi
What is the name of the GUI that comes with the standard raspbian distribution?
Can I use I2C to connect multiple Arduinos with Wireless Connection
Stop raspberry pi rc.local executing
Activate virtualenv & start script on boot - RPi
Network bridge from win7 to RPi
How to setup Airplay on a headless Raspberry Pi using OSMC over ssh
Garbled Text using Serial to USB Connection
Problems with TPLink wifi dongle on Raspbian (linux kernel 4.1.8+)
SD card questions
Working with RS232 and USB
What is the difference between Raspbian Wheezy and Raspbian Jessie?
Converting 3.3V input to degrees Fahrenheit
Run brushless motor with esc
Why is the L2 cache disabled by default on Raspbian Jessie?
Pi-mote sockets not picking up signal from RPi
Use ssh to control hdmi tty
Baking Pi OK05 - Why "ldr" twice to make the pattern work?
how to get a raspberry pi to autologin via SLiM at boot?
Real risk of not shutting down properly on openelec
Using only TXD, without RXD?
Plugging Pi into portable DVD player
Ubuntu MATE image wont run
how to change read channels on PCF8591
Python GPIO not reading inputs
Connecting a standard telephone through GPIO
PWM Fan causes clicking sound
SPI I2C SDO Question
Maximise GPU usage on a headless Raspberry Pi
Static IP internet connection only connecting to router on Raspberry PI
RPI2 Kernel module compilation (kernel 3.18.11+ vs 3.18.11-v7+)
Using Pi to read 1 MHz Analog Ultrasound signals
Serial Console Forwarding over wifi
Getting RFID-RC522 to work with Raspberry Pi 2
Touch screen works in X, not in Kivy
Object Tracking with Simulink
Rpi2 - Samba with multiple clients performance
Output Voltage Booster
Raw video dump to file using no encoding with usb webcam
NRF24L01 multiple transmitters, one receiver
Storing data from input pins
Arm ESC RPi.GPIO
Problem controlling dc motors through gpio in Raspberry pi?
Cannot connect Raspberry Pi 2 to my computer (Ubuntu) using USB-to-Serial. No prompt shown
Force Custom Refresh Rate Through HDMI
Using an L293D chip (to control a motor) with a separate power supply
Reading temperature of CPU crashing eventually
Raspberry Pi home automation
Python GPIO buttons blocking Lirc
Connecting Android Tablet And RPI Using USB Cable
Issue with internet when direct lan connect to Pi
Windows 10 IOT with RFM12B Module
Problems with OWFS over the w1 kernel module
CPU on Raspberry Pi is Spiking
How do I display a message on the screen
Unable to power up new RPI 2
SDL2 performance
OMXPlayer not exiting after playing mp3
Shairplay drops frames
Creating FTP for my public web server
Number of maximum inputs i can get on a Raspberry pi
How to make xtightvncviewer fullscreen
Coin Counter in Raspberry Pi
Understanding how to wire a component to a pi, COM-00097 Switch
RPI2 USB webcam capture low FPS
GPIO kills Pi when connected
Controlling a stepper motor with javascript
Raspberry Pi is *sometimes* unreachable via the network
Enable 2 screens on raspberry pi2
How to detect, if something is not working properly?
Change Volume via single command?
Image Processing With Windows IoT Core
Where is syslog being written?
Where is the home directory on the sd card?
PI static LAN IP weird behavior (going to DHCP)
Raspberry Pi connected to internet but can't SSH or Ping
Packages included in the Arch Linux ARM image
Why aren't the current kernel headers available via apt-get
Raspberry Pi 2 boots but crashes after a random amount of time
DS18B20 no longer working
Raspberry Pi 2 Functionality
Getting more voltage/amperage from the Raspberry Pi 2 GPIO pins
Error compiling kernel using guide provided on Raspberry Pi website
Best way to setup USB mic as system default on Raspbian Jessie
external disk unreadable - driver bug?
What factor might have affected SSH host authentication?
Bluetooth serial communication
Unable to get arcade controls passed as keystrokes to PiPlay
Control pump via raspberry pi
Transferring files to a USB attached drive
Count Pulses Width on RPi-GPIO
Raspberry & DNSMasq
Raspberry Pi Wifi
Can CrystalFontz 634 LCD display work with Raspberry Pi 2?
Disable UART at boot time
Connect to Raspberry from outside without any access to the Router
What's wrong with this Pi?
Remote login on raspberry pi using sim900a module
Install new heroku-toolbelt in raspberry pi
How to connect to MySQL from Python (3)?
Using WiringPi with Jasper (voice recognition)
Is there any way to read/get pin mode using python (and wiringPi)
Segmentation fault caused by libmysqlclient.so or libcofi_rpi.so
Vibration sensor - What I am doing wrong?
Can I run Python 3.3+ on Raspbian Jessie?
I can't expand my root space
raspberry pi 2 model B hdmi to vga converter
What sort of sensors can and can't be connected to the Raspberry Pi
Locking up when using USB terminal between MacBook AIr and RPi2
Automatically play a UDP video stream using KODI
PL/SQL in Raspberry Pi
alsa-base.conf non existent in etc/modprobe.d
Distortion while moving objects in Portrait mode
Can't install Flask-Bcrypt: `libffi` is missing
Raspberry pi 2 B + and DS18B20
How can I list the usernames in safe mode?
Raspivid : start / stop with a buffer
Measure input voltage of Raspberry Pi B+ running Ubuntu
Status of audio solutions for RPi, including audio in
How can I enable javascript in the integrated Epiphany web browser?
How to control a 3V laser from GPIO
Raspberry pi 2 heats and does not boot (Power LED doesn't glow) after over-current dmesg
Controlling a backup battery after shutdown
WebIOPi can't be downloaded from The Pi Store
Strange things in my logs
Can i fit a 2x5 pin crimp connector on the raspberry pi pins?
RPI2 raspban wheezy on can't install autoconf
Rpi not connecting to wifi
Global name GPIO is not defined errors on WebIOPi
Raspbian - unable to locate package mysql-server-5.6 after adding repo
Adding external video source to RPi Cam Web Interface
Raspberry Pi (Low) Power - Damage?
How do I setup a Raspberry Pi 2 Model B to do a network install via TFTP?
sCommand not found
How to use raspistill on Ubuntu
Open ELEC iplayer
Have people tried doing comparisons between Intel Celeron and Pi Model B+?
How can transfer files between RPI and Windows PC via Bluetooth_OBEX?
Error installing OpenVPN - Files missing
How to upgrade VSFTPD on Raspberry Pi to latest version?
What toolchain to use? Any real difference?
How to program a Raspberry Pi 2 (Really basic question)
Rpi Slave and Arduino Master
How to quickly capture images with raspistill
Upgrading to the Latest Java JDK on Raspberry Pi
RPi.GPIO mysteriously crashing when setting up pin
How do install Chromium on openELEC?
Using Wiringpi in crontab to control GPIO pins on RaspberryPi
Is it possible (doesn't completely break your system) to use stretch (Raspbian testing) now?
how to get touchscreen coordinates
After Jessie upgrade: Console clears and logo disappears
How to install a cross compiler for Raspi 2
How do I setup RDP server for the Windows 10 OS?
Serial communication on Raspberry Pi - can send data, but cannot read data
Which OS would run faster in image processing? Is "RISC OS" is well suited for this task?
what happened to /etc/inittab?
.profile/bash script only run locally
How do I create a custom OS image to be installed on several Raspberry Pi?
Start/Stop a script based on GPIO
How do I install the Non-Raspberry Pi Foundation maintained verison of Raspbian
Spotify 'one touch' player for disabled user
Proper way to prevent dnsmasq from overwriting DNS server list supplied by DHCP?
GPIO doesn't work, error: "Error when trying to open pin 11"
No wireless firmware found from a Wi-PI on a Raspberry Pi?
Fixing comxaudio decode timeout
USB passthrough with monitoring
Multiple differential air pressure sensors using I²C bus?
boot script is not called on boot
VPN PPTP Connection with only enable CHAP
How can I stream the display from the raspberry pi so that it shows on my windows ten laptop
Defect Raspberry Pi as source of fire
Adafruit Retrogame library will not send character press events
Can I use airmon-ng via SSH?
Jack server not working on Raspbian
Changed to static IP in Raspbian, yet old IP address continues to exist (alongside new)
Cannot add aria2 to auto start. Failed with crontab, systemd and crontab
Kivy and 3.5PiTFT
Raspi suddenly not booting
Keyboard layout reconfiguration not working with raspbian
http://ip doesn't work, while https://ip does. What do?
What h264_freq do I need to to improve video latency for h.264 on rpi 2 B?
Why did my Pi die?
Should I entrust a home server role to a Raspberry Pi 2?
Minimum gpu_mem on π2
Differene between Pidora and Fedora ARM?
OpenCV release vs development version
Strategy for controlling one Pi's outputs from another Pi's inputs via network
Boot error when attempting to install Kinect driver
Raspberry pi2 'freezing' no activity from crontab, no logging and no server activity
XBee connected to ttyusb0 reconnects to ttyusb 1
Samsung Portable DVD Writer
LIRC coflict with device tree?
How do I use the /sys file to control the GPIO pins
Raspbian Custom Folder Icons
Epiphany browser error
lxsession/LXDE/autostart is not running my script?
How to reduce capturing time in raspberry pi camera?
Any way to receive DAB radio on the Raspberry Pi?
Local network between two RPis?
How to connect TFT screen to Rasberry PI?
How to troubleshoot a headless Pi that boots into emergency mode
Raspberry Pi 2 Raspbian WiFi Setup
Raspberry pi 2 not detecting my Seagate External Hard Drive
How to connect a regular CPU-Fan to the Raspbrery Pi 2 B
Default NTP server on Arch Linux for rPI 2
Raspbian doesn't find external hdd at boot
How to make a clean python installation
What is the difference between $ sudo reboot and $ reboot?
I want to start my wlan0 on boot
Sending IP by email on sturtup
LIRC no output from irw
--banner-colour not working on fswebcam
Where do I find the linux headers for an image?
How can I disable autoconfigured networking on Raspbian?
unable to fetch some archives 404 not found
How do I read the GPU temperature in C?
Cannot access wifi with Raspbian
How do I get access rights in Raspbian
How extremely may I fight the Pi's non-hotplugability?
TFT Kernel module not loading on startup
Connected to internet via WIFI but not with Ethernet
Can i make Pi be seen as wireless projector and stream 1080p video, but not sound to it?
Alternative Storage Options
Very high camera latency with OpenCV
Share only one drive on my network
How should I connect the power?
Detect 240v using GPIO
Router not recognising Raspberry Pi 2 B
Installing new OS over ssh
When using display_rotate=1 the screen tears
Raspberry pi custom SD card image
Use PuTTY & winSCP to SSH using .local domain
Raspberry PI 2 as screen mirroring adapter
Raspberrypi as a network monitor without installing pfsense
ACT LED is not blinking but it is blinking for another RPi inserting same sd card
noobs reset password Debian
How to get devices IP address in Windows IoT C#
How can I use sql Lite Database in IoT
Raspberry Pi Camera Rev 1.3 is not detected
Ssh connection refused
How do I use the I2C bus?
How to enable Digital Clock Preferences in LXDE
Can't get Raspberry Pi to Control LED Lights
Automatically run Pelican on system boot
Best way to make python script and server communicate
How the data transmission of the non-ir-filter-cam works
Can I suppress the text that aplay outputs when you play a .wav
Raspberry Pi 2 and JavaFX8: Can't render small images without more GPU RAM
How to write device tree overlay for analog device touchscreen ad7879 i2c
How do I setup my Pi, so it bridges eth0 to wlan0?
Rasperry PIs for NOC displays
Raspberry Pi 2 rewire power input
Serial Connection on Win 10 IOT
RBP 2 Power supply and outputs
Java GPIO options other that PI4J?
Ubuntu Mate not using all its storage
How can I derive the Oracle build number from the Raspbian JDK package?
Connect dead laptop display to Raspberry pi?
i used 16 gb sd card for raspberry pi 2,now its showing very less memory,when i want install opencv it is showing out-of space
Spotify for RPI
Wiring Pi interrupt not working
RPi2 Windows IoT and UWP
Raspberry Pi sensor error with high CPU
Setting system-wide path not working in /etc/environment
Media center with offline database?
Is it safe to drive a current between a GPIO output at 0V (LOW) and the 3.3V supply?
can you ssh from 1 raspberry pi to another raspberry pi?
xpra server error (error accepting new connection)
Migrating SD from Raspberry 1 B+ to Raspberry 2 microSD
How to use i2c_gpio with Raspberry Pi?
Pointer moving randomly [Touchscreen TFT]
Turn LED on after a particular time for a particular time period
Raspberry Pi only red power light after sometime?
Which components are required to connect a display to the Raspberry Pi?
SenseHAT: get_pixel() function
Cannot get Synergy to start with Raspbian
How can I use other GPIO pin for I2C
Custom splash screen on Raspbian Jessie?
How to connect Speakers to multiple sources over Wifi?
How to view boot up log (scripts/daemons)
Official WiFi dongle - No Blue light
GPIO High Low not switching in Python
Raspberry Pi with external USB drive attached as SMB share: share disappears
Cross compiling Java application using different APIs to access device's peripherals
Raspbian watchdog fails at boot
Backup Raspberry Pi automatically, with incremental backups
Connect to mySQL from Win 10 IOT
pigpio's spi_xfer and spi_open functions
Touchscreen doesn't work after installing CarPi
System.Drawing DLL loading problem
Raspberry Pi Voltage Input
strange behaviour
cannot install python-dev
Is there misscompatbility between different RPi boards and camera revisions?
How to set up a RaspberryPi(B) as a 4 year-old's PC?
Raspberry Pi with iRobot Create 2
Connect a servo to explorer hat
Raspberry Pi 2 B CSI camera multiplexer IC design
Raspberry pi port forwarding with nodejs server
Powering Off RPI when on UPS
RF transmission on 314.88mhz
Raspberry Pi and serial only working one shot
Web browsing to local hostname
Using raspistill with parameter -tl and -a produces the same date each time
How to record video with Raspicam on Raspberry Pi model B+?
Freeing up cache when memory is low
Setting up static ip address on Raspian jessie
GPIO cleanup via terminal
How do I set up networking/WiFi/static IP address?
Raspberry Pi 2 not booting, USB port appears to be dead
Official Touch Screen not working with Raspberry pi B+
Blank screen on first boot, screen appears in second boot
Raspberry PI Video Camera Board on Windows 10 IoT Core
Raspberry PI and UBLOX Neo-7N / I2C Connection
The project need to deployed before Windows IOT
Counting Pulse Length Using PiGPIO
Libssl-dev installation error
How to measure the energy performance of Raspberry Pi against a task?
Can I use any GPIO pin as an input
No IP obtained on Edimax EW-7811Un 802.11n Wireless Adapter [Realtek RTL8188CUS]
Is it possible to connect a raspberry pi to an apple cinema display?
GStreamer 1.0 (gst-omx) does not show jpeg images
How to install InfluxDB and Grafana?
Changing hostname undone on reboot
configure monitor to allow rotation
SSH over internet. Connection time out
GPIO interference input
Kodi - Play Music and Minimize
OpenVPN on startup fails
Powering and controlling hundreds of LEDs with a Raspberry pi
Raspberry Pi 2 Model B - No Display, But Steady Lights
cannot ssh to raspberry pi - connection refused - How to setup raspberry pi without display?
My Pi keeps crashing — where should I look?
Combine aspects of two disk images of two OS files
Cannot Emulate Raspberry Pi using Qemu: Kernel Panic
Run on remote machine results in error DEP0700
Power on/off button
Compile GCC for Raspberry Pi 2B - Patches required?
locale settings Issues
How to turn Raspberry Pi into Wi-Fi router?
3.5 mm jack starts to "hiss" after sound is played
Disable console autologin on Raspbian Jessie
Kali linux GUI won't start(among other things)
Bios not booting on startup, monitor displays black/white lines only
chrome store says my version of is not supported
pitft r28 display does not turns off after shutdown command
WiFi drops out when I remove ethernet cable
Gstreamer sink play always goes full screen
Raspberry pi 7" LCD display adapter
Did MySQL server cleanly install?
Change GPIO pin for DS18B20+ One Wire Digital Temperature Sensor
How can I send the same PWM output to multiple connections?
RPI - Which GPIO pins are 0V at statup?
WiringPi - GPIO Output Vs PWM
Raspberry Pi - Rainbow screen
2 B static IP not working
Shairport and Shairport-Sync problem
Can I transfer an SD used on a B+ to an A?
Stream Airplay Video to Raspberry Pi without raspbmc
Cannot use SSH with OSMC Kodi
Can't SSH into Pi Model A from PUTTY on Windows (even though I can ping from cmd)
GPIO - Is there someway to make the GPIO mode permanent?
16x2 LCD Display - no output
How do I tint my monitor red for nighttime use?
WiFi Hotspot is not working with LAN and wifi configuration in interfaces
/etc/inittab not found in rpi
How to use Bluetooth to send audio on Windows IOT
Connect two different RF tranceivers on Raspberry Pi 2
How to install Raspbian without an SD card reader
Setting up Raspberry Pi to share an ethernet connection
PI Camera and Bitbanged GPS -> Fluctuations?
Getting a command prompt on OpenELEC
How To Install touchscreen drivers on a raspberry pi
Invalid Sample Rate
ifconfig is showing etho an wlan but no lo?
Backup power for pi 2 model b
My password doesn't work over ssh
float, stream and toolchain
My Raspberry Pi freezes sometimes
Easy way to switch on and off of 12V DC current
Rfcomm0 Console Over Bluetooth
Raspberry pi 2 with new raspbian can't startx
How to reorder the index for mic on new Raspbian Jessie for PocketSphinx?
Do I need a usb hub for self-powered usb drive
Playing silverlight video stream on osmc
Windows IoT Core GpioController - assembly 'Windows' causes a cycle
Is it possible to Flash VideoCore ROM?
Static IP address with wheezy 3.18.11+ and dhcpcd.conf
Raspberry Pi Tor router without WLAN
How to install Real Time Clock (RTC) on Raspbian?
Which gcc compilation flags should use for RPi1 model B ? what is the ABI, architecture and CPU?
Is there a component out there that can push a button i.e. will extend a rod about 1 inch and then retract it?
Strange issue on UART (via FTDI USB <--> RS-232 adapter)
Raspberry Pi 2, not booting, PWR & ACT constantly on
Pi camera no preview & omxplayer fail to play
Raspbian Jessie+ breaks SPI (RFID Reader MFCR 522)?
Connect Motorola SE3300 imager (part of barcode scanner) to Raspberry PI 2
Check performance of SD card and USB flash drive
Does a RasPi case exist that utilizes a key and lock for unattended datacenter usage?
Creating a new user and starting a graphical session causes black desktop
"Segmentation fault" everywhere
Getting a video error after writing Ubuntu Mate to a SD card
Robot running off Raspberry Pi A+
Is it possible to have multiple audio outputs going to different speakers at the same time?
Used raspi-config for i2c option
XTightvnc font path error
How to display real time on a Pi
How to capture picture with button only when another button is held to show camera preview? (Picamera, Raspberry Pi)
Jessie read-only FS problems
How can I use RPi2 only to download Steam games?
Disassemble i386 in Raspbian?
Need to connect 2 Raspberry Pis to send to each other HD video - what is the best way?
RPi 2 SD card becomes write-protected
I2Cdetect doesnt detect my I2C device
How do I control gpio pins through an email?
How do I control GPIO pins from anywhere in the world?
Installing Wine on a Pi 2 running Raspbian
Power on but fail's to boot
When raspberry pi is connected via ethernet cable and wifi?
Raspberry Pi Wifi not scannning
How to send audio to BOTH headphone jack and HDMI simultaneously?
SDIO on GPIO 22-27 - what about SD-card-detect?
Taking raw images don't work
motion.conf missing webcam
Raspberry Wifi Dongle + Arduino fails when I connect one servo
How much of core is used for nfs transfer
Can I run TensorFlow on the Raspberry Pi?
Data logging during power loss
Windows 10 iot, Raspberry Pi 2, DHT22/AM2302 Sensor Not Receiving Data
Diagnosing a problem with a PI2 media server running KODI, stuttering issues
Communicating with RPi at home without port forwarding
Get files from raspberry Pi SD card
Error when attempting to create Python GUI using Tkinter: "no display name and no $DISPLAY environment variable"
libCEC fails to turn on my Philips av receiver
Wifi connection problems (different behavior with / without cables)
Formatting sd card for Raspberry Pi
3G Modem that supports INBOUND traffic
How to know if network interface is in dhcp or static ip using command line?
Where is my SQLite database location on RPi2 SD card (Windows IOT OS)?
UARTX Rpi Arduino Communication
Connect two devices to the same GPIO pin
How to read/write directly to SD card, using Windows 8?
Raspberry Pi lifespan reliability
What pin is the select pin sd
How do I make a fast NAS setup using the PI and a Mybooklive?
GUI on Raspbian OS
When to call script that can capture IP in python
defaultServiceProvider::requestService()
Trying to connect over spi
SD card corruption
Is my raspberry Pi dead
smsc95xx 1-1.1:1.0 eth0: kevent 0 may have been dropped
Unable to connect WiFi to the Pi
Which GPIO pins on previous modela are equivalent to those on the B+ model?
Read GPIO.output to make something happen in PyGame
Input / output errors with Samba
Is it worth it to upgrade to Jessie on a headless Pi2?
How to display a GPU surface on a afafruit TFT screen?
Raspberry Pi 2 7" touchscreen display white screen error
ADC - ADS1115 I2C library to ADS1118 SPI library Python
Measure Voltage with Raspberry Pi? Using a MCP3008?
Error while trying to compile RStudio
Wireless LAN no longer works since dist-upgrade
Why can't the kernel7.img be replaced with a kernel from Fedora's arm builds?
Why wont my LEDs display when Brightness is turned down using Hzellers library?
Issue with pigpio. Can't set GPIOs
Run minicom after auto login and store serial data to a file
Touchscreen - configuration issue?
WiFi not working on Raspbian Jessie
SSH connection refused windows 7
Trying to render image from grayscale camera with OpenCV in C++. Hangs after a few frames
Undefined reference to raspicam::_private::Private_Impl[...]
How to display graphical text without X using C?
Using the Raspberry Pi as Webserver and btsync
Mount.ntfs using 99% of my cpu with Transmission
How to run a Python script on a raspberry pi via webserver?
Recording 2 USB cameras using Motion
Raspberry pi stopped working
RPiB wifi fails to connect to wireless network
using laptop display with raspberry pi using HDMI connector
Unable to SSH to raspberry pi from external connection
raspberry pi2 photogate
solid red + solid green on bootup
Virtualisation on Raspberry Pi
"mmal: No data received from sensor" error
Setting Rasp Pi screen resolution remotely for remote access
Project text-to-speech for a blind parent
Recording video using Motion regardless of motion detection
How to change the GUI theme on Xinit / X11 / X display / Xorg?
Changed the fstab file, now stuck in a reboot loop
How to programmatically determine the name of a connected HDD?
How to start OpenVPN at boot on Raspbian Jessie
Automating my fan based off of the CPU temperature
Play videos from Hrad Drive in TV using a Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi IP keeps changing when directly connected to Mac
Long Folder Names with EmulationStation and DosBox
How many devices can a Raspberry Pi provide power to?
How to detect wlan network is out of range
Boot of device is slow when previous connected wlan network is unavilable
Raspberry Pi 2 as Car-PC: Shutdown when ignition off & boot when ignition on
bluetooth connection with Iphone
win32diskimager not enough space
Auto reload new images in feh image viewer
Java is crashing my Pi
Python Raspberry flow sensor
trouble with 2nd AP/DHCP Server
Auto-start chromium on raspbian jessie - 11/2015
I Cannot Change the State of the GPIO Pins
Using an I2C Battery Fuel Gauge Device Driver
Wifi adapter found, but disconnected during boot due to link not ready
I2C MCP23017 intermittent problems
New to Pi: "Association request to driver failed"
apt-get connections time out when updating
Epiphany crashes
16*2 screen - Join the 5V pins together
SPI (spidev) Communication with PLL
Raspberry Pi component compatibility with other models
Web-facing Server Backup
Can I watch website video with Silverlight based player on Raspberry Pi 2?
DS18B20 not detected by Raspberry Pi
Overlay a plot of sensor readings on video output
Data Exchange Between two Raspberry Pi?
SSID retrieving in raspberry
i2c wait until Arduino is ready
RPI Forever On?
cmd does not show actual ip adress
Can the Pi Zero act as an USB peripheral device?
GPIO stopped working under Python after using SPI
Raspberry Pi Zero usable with fully free software?
IDLE not opening from terminal
Schematics/Drawings of the Pi Zero?
Raspberry Pi Zero actual price?
What will happen if I accidentally connect GND to VCC and VCC to GND?
Which RF transceiver to use for a network using Rpi or Arduino?
How do I restore the Application Launch Bar in Desktop GUI (LXDE)?
Static IP adddress on Raspbian not using dhcp service at all
How do i force the Raspberry pi 2 to use the 3.5mm 4 pole video out
Camera through HDMI?
ping request cannot find raspberrypi.mshome.net address
What's the cheapest way to get network connectivity to the Pi Zero?
PiCamera motion array structure
How to set up the RPi as a DLNA client
True 9-bit serial port data?
Can the Raspberry Pi Zero be powered by a real usb port?
pigpio Can't lock /var/run/pigpio.pid
OpenVPN Site to Site client on raspbian
Should I generate SSH keys for accessing the Raspberry Pi?
Raspberry Pi Zero with Ethernet Over HDMI
Cannot install bluetooth
Black screen on first boot of ubuntu mate
X300 extension board wifi
What can I remove from raspbian to boot faster?
Rotate Display Depending on HDMI or Composite Output
Will downloading items to a network location wear on the SD card?
Rsync daemon not succesfully starting on boot
Making a plug and play setup for devices connecting to the Pi
Are the same microSD cards compatible with the Rasberry Pi Zero?
Raspberry pi shows black screen for the desktop
Pi as HF ham band transmitter and FM repeater
Camera wake up timer
Getting current servo angle with GPIO
Remote controlling the PI
Confused about TL-WN725N
Saving a file at root
How to set Raspberry Pi GPIO pins to input or output using clean C?
Is there an addressable LED product that I can wire to a Raspberry Pi where all the LEDs are separate?
Any remote sensors for the Raspberry Pi?
Connect Nexus 7 tablet to Raspberry Pi Zero
ADC with Raspberry Pi (16 or 24 bits) with sampling rate of at least 1 MHz
how do I setup the C-Berry TFT Screen with my Pi 2
NTFS USB HDD Read-Only - How to enable write permissions
PiFm dBµV/m without an antenna
Can I power two RPI2MBs via an Orico 10 port powered usb hub?
Dimmer - How synchronize PWM with 230V power supply?
Why can't I connect to my Pi via VNC?
Create a watchdog for RPi using Arduino
Where do i get drivers for a BCM 43143 dongle
Pi Zero BOM component temperature range concern
Real time audio input/output in Python with PyAudio
ALSA - piezo buzzer directly on PWM pin?
How to speedup raspi boot when eth0 not connected?
PHP doesn't work on Apache on RPi
Pygame axis values
How do I add analog audio out to the Raspberry Pi Zero?
Streaming offline
Establishing a network video stream between two RPi
APACHE : Permission denied
Powering Raspberry Pi Zero from a USB Power Bank
Raspberry Pi 2 low volume on headphone socket
How can I set up a chain of these RGB Smart Neopixel LEDs?
Can raspberry pi 2 take more than one input
What is "HAT Compatible"
Pi Zero: Any way to solder on an Ethernet Port?
raspberry does not start
Enable num-lock at boot Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi Compute Module Product Open Source License Considerations
What's the smallest wifi connector for the Raspberry Pi Zero?
RPi not booting in NOOBS or wheezy
how to connect raspberry pi with composite in crt monitor?
Powered USB hub for Pi Zero
Connecting more elements to Raspberry pi servo hat
Pi Zero Video out header
touch screen for the pi
Raspberry Pi Multi-node PC?
Lightdm logon problems
Face recognition with USB Camera
Synchronize Pi Camera and LEDs
Voltage conversion & input circuit for Raspberry Pi
Connecting DHT11 sensor
RPi pin being tripped by static electricity?
How to connect Raspberry Pi Zero to PC
Serial Communication C/C++
How to recover when WiFi drops?
How to prevent /etc/resolv.conf from being overwritten?
Can the Raspberry Pi Zero boot from the Raspbian SD card image?
What is the cheapest and smallest way to add USB ports to the Raspberry Pi Zero?
Larger worlds in Minecraft Pi
Install PyQt4 for Python 3.4
I have followed the Adafruit Tutorial for using the LED matrix Backpack But Get "No module named Image" error
Pairing my Raspberry Pi with my Mac
Cross-Compiling kernel can't find gcc
WiFi dongle for packets sniffing with Raspberry Pi
Issues with Shift Registers and 8-Channel Relay on the Pi
Raspberry Pi Operating system transfer
Can you use the same SD card on 2 different Pi's
Rainbow square and influences of disable_splash=1 (or: how to get rid of the colored square)
Script to suspend USB no longer works
raspberry boot from different partitions
how to inspect Rasperry Pi 1A from Laptop (Ubuntu Linux 14.04)
Binary garbage on the UART when powering the RPi
Using SPI with pigpio to transfer data to Pi from an ADC
Recording video in Python and storing it in any format until I press 'q' or 'Esc'
RPi.GPIO not working
Overclocking capabilities of pizero
sudo: effective uid is not 0, is sudo installed setuid root?
GPIO Broken - cannot power - depower pins
Camera input from phone to Raspberry Pi
Phone-like keyboard program?
How to use both WiFi and Bluetooth dongles at once without powered USB hub with Raspberry Pi Zero?
Framebuffer over i2c
Raspberry Pi; blank desktop
Is there a webkit for the RPi?
How to make the DHT11 sensor work with the sysfs gpio manipulation method?
install LIBEVENT&LIBOPENAL
Win10 doesn't boot
kodi (OpenELEC) is not showing the mouse pointer
No Internet Connection
How can I count pulses using Pi GPIO
Is it possible to run the raspbian based Kano OS in QEMU?
How do I set my Raspberry Pi to automatically update/upgrade?
Unable to locate package python-gpiozero
Pi reject ssh connect after pi idle an hour
Fully Bit-Banged SPI
Is it possible to use an RPi as a local server (I think it would be considered that) for your PC, but all local -- no internet connection?
Memory mapped IO - RPI2
Convert python to rpi-gpio nodejs
Autologin into a webpage via the default GNOME-Webbrowser
Alfa AWUS036NHA not recognized as interface
How to build My own OS for the raspberry or configure an existing one
SD card not accessible since writing image with dd
Driving a Sainsmart Relay using Raspberry Pi
How to make servos not jitter without extra hardware
Minimum TTL 5.0V signal duration
Motion Sensor Doesn't Work using Pins #2 and #3?
Are the SPI pins 5V tolerant?
Raspberry PI not booting and no lights
How to use 2.4" TFT LCD Shield with Raspberry Pi?
Voice changer/distorter script "invalid syntax" error
Stepper Motor Not Responding. Wiring Issue?
CEC-Client does not find devices but RPi controls my TV
Realtek USB wifi module - RTL8188EUS is not working and also it is disconnecting LAN connection as well on Raspbian Jessie
GCLK and GEN pins
USB power doe Arduino
pigpio = DHT22 humidity sensor + TMP36 readings PROBLEM
Problems with my 24h torrent box project (maybe related with ExFAT)
Install Opencv on an external Hard Drive
Direct SSH from Mac to Raspberry Pi on its own wifi
Check if ethernet port has died
How to emulate a Raspberry Pi on a Mac? (without assuming previous command line knowledge)
Minecraft-pi on headless pi using ssh -X
Raspberry Pi wifi won't work
No audio output using raspberry pi and pygame.midi
Mac El Capitan X11 Forwarding not working
SSH connections (port 22) refused after updating to Debian jessie
Auto starting apps in LXDE doesn't work
How does one clear the bash history?
Edimax Wifi Adapter won't work
Raspberry Pi 2 Model B no image
Pi2 SSH Connection refused
PiTFT - How do I have access to the PuTTy terminal while the GUI is running?
SSH hang and packet loss in local network
'Failed to add edge detection' -Python Script
Is there a Raspberry Pi emulator?
Raspberry Pi 2 With Chromecast 2
Raspbian Jessie can't log in SFTP as root
Music/Sound Visualizer. How to determine noise level?
Verizon router ignores Raspberry Pi /etc/network/interfaces config file
USB Cables... Why are some of them bad for Raspberry Pi?
Nebeans + Tomcat dying constantly
GPIO keeps flickering on start/restart, how to stop it?
PiFM on another GPIO
Program won't run after tightvncserver auto start at boot. No probs if started manually
Javascript pm2 fails to persist my scripts at RPI boot time
Can I use a cable such as the ones linked to connect my Pi Zero to the network?
How to install Ubuntu MATE without HDMI output?
What's the maximum safe power supply voltage through GPIO?
How do I bind ftp client to a network interface
Pulseaudio stuttering when playing local audio file using paplay
Underclocking PiZero for power saving worth it?
GTK+ with Broadway
Proper way to connect 5v device out to 3.3v RPi input?
How do I start two different Python scripts with rc.local?
Writing a measurement to a file using python
My Pi freezes during install
Use Rasberry Pi's Usb Ports for Broken Computer
Java Servlets and Raspberry Pi IO
VPS on clustered Pi
Two PPS inputs for accurate time
changes in config.txt are not applied
Raspberry pi doesn't recognize HDD NTFS
Getting error while running Raspberry Pi Camera
Webserver & GPIO python script (No access to /dev/mem. Try running as root!)
What operating systems allow ssh connection on first boot (with no configuration)?
How to use ssh X11 forwarding instead of VNC?
Why is there no sound while playing audio from a SSH session?
Raspbian Jessie unable to log in after password change
How to detect what kind of HAT or GPIO board is plugged in - if any?
Cannot get on local IP network, but static IP assigned
Raspberry Pi did not autoconnect to ethernet
Raspberry pi direct connect over ethernet
Raspbian, SNMP, physical switches and Log files
Access shell while music playing
How can I stop the auto login console and getty in Raspbian 8 (Jessie)?
Raspberry Pi Wifi at Boot
Raspberry pi in the car
Energy profiling tools for linux
How to setup a TV set-top box using raspberry Pi?
strange characters (@) in .dtb files in /boot/overlays/
alsa-base conf file missing
how to use overlays for ads784 joy-it 3.2 " tft screen
Difficulty installing Custom Raspbian on Raspberry Pi 2 [USING WINDOWS]
How to make the DHT11 sensor work with direct memory access(dev/mem method)?
Cron Job running, but python script not executing on my RPi
Button Interrupt Doesn't Work
15V to the GPIOs: Blown the PI?
Is there a way to disable the LAN9512 on Raspberry Pi 2?
16gb image to a 15.9gb card using windows only
sudo apt-get update does not connect to 10.10.5.18
RPi as Internet Gateway/Bridge
High CPU usage after Raspi Upgrade
Can i install a whole debian8 for arm in raspberry pi?
Raspberry Pi 2 Boot problem
Connecting smartphone to raspberry pi via usb
Raspberry pi GPIO value is always LOW
How to resolve a short circuit?
No rule to make target error
On-board LED connection to GPIO
Updating BlueZ 5.23 => 5.36
Powering the Pi from battery (power consumption)
How to determine the problem in HDD reconnection?
How to control the 5v output from raspberry pi to open and close a relay
Help with FTP server management on Raspberry Pi
Wifi occasionally stalls
Is it still safe to use pidora?
I want to boot to Epiphany and have a dropdown list of webpages to choose from
How to setup tvheadend on raspbian so that I can record TV shows streamed by HDHomeRun?
problem with gpio write
TLS handshake failure for VPN
Pi Wordpress asks for ftp credidentials
'make' command does not work while installing wine from source on pi 2
Adafruit Ultimate GPS HAT Connections
Openelec(Kodi) Amazon Instant video?
Raspberry pi 2 not being able to connect to WI-FI
My Rpi 2 vnc doesn't run but puTTy is running after chmod u+s /bin/ping
Do all GPIO pins have a internal pull-up/pull-down resistors?
External HDD stopped mounting automatically in Raspbian
Recover files from corrupted SD card from Windows
Button Interrupt Problem
Kodi on raspbian running external programs
Wifi passphrase
bash: tvservice: command not found
GAWK for the Pi without the internet
Motion can't find wireless camera
cUrl WebIOPi error 403: Request Forbidden
WebMIDI on Chromium?
Reading 3.4v pulses from RPI pins, with a micro controller?
Installing ESP8266 SDIO driver; "make" command gives "Kernel build tree not found" error
Minecraft portfowarding
Where can I find a linux tar file for MySQLd to go with MySQL 5.5 and Python 2.7?
Jumper function on relay modules
how do i add a .img file to my sd card that has the OS?
Is it possible to access the built-in serial and the gpio ports via powershell on Windows Iot?
Set up chrome remote desktop in raspbian
How to prevent card SDcard file system corruption when power is abruptly removed or system is improper shutdown?
Set KivyPie image to German keyboard layout (PipaOS)
Mirror/share Android screen to raspberry Pi b+ Openelec
Compatible microSD Card SanDisk
/etc/init/d/tightvncserver script fails at boot
What is the byte order for the WiringPi 16 bit I2C reads and writes?
Holding the PI in reset?
How to Configure OSMC to output composite video on Raspberry Pi 2?
Cannot access internet via WiFi, but 'apt-get' works fine!
Detect if device is connected to GPIO
Can i make xserver stopped immediatelly when the application exits?
Can't stop script from running at start up
Raspberry Pi 2 and thermal printer
Raspberry Pi GPRS Connection: Unable to browse after ppp connection is established
Pi connected Screen blackouts
Problem with QinHeng CH9200 driver - Pi 2 (4.1.7-v7+)
Raspberry Pi 2 - MsVsMon.exe not running
Reading an analog signal into the raspberry pi 2
Why is my LED display code so slow?
Cannot make Pi visible on network
Correctly partition 4TB drive with enclosure using Pi
12v+ on Raspberry Pi Ground Pin
Is there a way to set a Raspberry Pi as a mini Server at home?
How do you connect 81 LEDs to as few pins as possible?
Raspbian Jessie SSH cant connect
With Raspberry Pi is the Linux OS running in the firmware?
Can't get '~' using shift-` but shift-\ gives tilde
Raspberry Pi Email Notifier Python Script not working
Can Win10 IOT automatically connect to unsecured / open Wifi?
What GPS dongle / device works with Windows 10 IoT and Raspberry Pi 2?
How to stop Car Alternator audio noise / buzz?
Raspberry Pi2 not booting when linux being ported using buildroot
How does init get to know about power events?
Static IP not set after reboot
Mount AirPort Time Capsule - Raspberry Pi 2
Samba not authenticating
Raspberry Pi Cluster Computer
HDMI to VGA converter
I have applied both static and DHCP simultaneously and I cannot access my RPi now. What do I do to fix it?
GPIO Display an Buttons dont work
Where does 'Motion' web cam interface store image files?
Adding python module to raspbian
Windows 10 IoT Core can't run any application
Using serial data to change between two images
Timer to Reset System
wiringpi2 digitalWrite() has no effect
ssh: no route to host
HiFiBerry Board compatibility
Serial connection Arduino - Pi
Rpi can't see external hard drive
Wired 360 controller doesn't seem to work with C64 vice emulator?
How can I make Voice distorter with RPi
how to create a restore point before an apt-get install to effectively remove the package
Black screen after deleting 'pi' user
conflicting dtoverlays
Raspberry Pi NAS Permissions
Messed up auto login
Build custom Raspbian Jessie distribution image from source
What is the difference between Model B+ v1.2 and Model 2B v1.1
What can damage my Pi or make it unusable?
ethernet internet connection stopped working
Possible to power a Raspberry Pi Zero or B+ plugged in via an Ethernet port?
Can't restore raspberry OS from img created with dd command
Can the OS run from a write-protected SD card?
Make iw work on Raspbian
Powered USB hub not working with Pi zero
How to connect Raspberry Pi and Arduino with SPI?
Can Privoxy analyse or log all accessed files/addresses for further analysis?
Deluge with samba disk
Online Storage that I can mount on my mac
How to make startx open new X Session in tty7?
Raspberry pi power
Sharing internet with Rpi
How to use I2C SSD1306 as Framebuffer
Adafruit LED Backpack with Windows 10 core
Configuring uv4L for webRTC using USB camera on RPI2 raspbian
Powering Raspberry Pi Zero and a HUB with one charger (3 in 1 cable)
Installing MongoDB On Raspberry Pi 2
How do I show the menu bar?
Raspberry pi zero not connecting to TV
URL to grab stillshot from camera?
How to change the font size in Raspbian LXDE
Pi 2 - Debian (Noobs) Desktop missing
What settings are required for Windows IOT Core HDMI to TVs/Monitors
Can you put Windows 10 IoT Core on Raspberry Pi Zero?
How should I connect GPIO pins to leads to my sensor in a permanent Raspberry Pi deployment?
3 Pi's connected to separate USB ports - how can I direct VNC to connect to specific Pi?
Embedding live video stream to a html5 webpage; both camera server and webserver hosted on pi
Display goes blank periodically on LG TV
How do I use a Bluetooth keyboard on bios
How to connect a headless Raspberry Pi at coffee shops?
Installing OS on separate Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi as router for WLAN -> Network and IP-Adress issues
Can't get LED to turn off
DS18B20 temperature sensor not found in folder
How can I use multiple LCD with connected via I2C on same Raspberry project?
How to Compile and Install PHP7 on raspberry pi?
Pi2 Flashing Green Light Only
Differences between /etc/dhcpcd.conf and /etc/network/interfaces?
Essential parts for booting the Raspberry Pi 2
Connecting a PIR sensor and a screen
What is a raspberry pi useful for?
Raspberry Pi Zero - Is it USB OTG, or just a female micro USB connector?
Possible to do bare metal programming on Pi?
Rasberry Pi 2 analog inputs
Ds18b20 not detected
How to get an output from microstack GPS with an C# application?
Is Raspbian Wheezy Compatible with the Pi Zero?
Wire switching on Raspberry Pi
Can't access command line of Raspbian/Kodi on boot by pressing ESC
IOError: [Errno 5] Input/output error Randomly
Raspberry Pi 2, Alsa PCM 5.1 Surround
How much current should I supply my 2 model B?
How compile a loadable kernel module without recompiling kernel
Pi Ethernet to USB router
LIRC With Multiple IR Emitters
Binding a command to a button
Door unlock with key (multi-point locking system)
Getting Frequency of an audio file per second in Raspberry Pi
wifi dongle not working (rtl8712u firmware issue)
sudo apt-get update continually errors, despite reboots
Raspberry Pi 24/7, does it need cooling?
Raspberry Pi 2 Model B and External 2.5 USB3.0 HDD
Keyboard config not working
Is there a tool to read and write data using I2C?
Any way to run Python and Node.js in unison?
Stuttering playback of certain .mp4's
GPIO.cleanup() doesn't clear my screen
Is it possible to control an active application using an Android phone?
How to avoid screen turning off
Image not found web.py server
Make sntp run on boot in Jessie
Dial up HSF usb Conexant modem linux driver for ARM architecture
Boot the Raspberry Pi 2 with custom kernel and initramfs
Different addressing systems
Raspberry PI USB Webcam - Logitech Quickcam 9000
Computer PSU 5v Output direct with Raspberry Pi USB
Unable to set default input and output audio device on Raspberry jessie
Faint PWR LED, doesn't boot
Differences between Raspbian Jessie and Raspbian Jessie Lite
How do I install/run kodi on raspbian?
How to resolve Invalid sample rate -9997
Why there is a collabora.list on my raspbian wheezy source repo?
Prevent repeated keystrokes from VNC (Windows)
Raspberry Pi 2 works with 1A supply but not 2.5A or 3A supply
Raspbian boot process and the partition table
Touchscreen w/ HDMI output only when a display is attached?
No internet with pi directly connected to Mac OSX
pigpio PWM and ALSA
Sensor Question
About Raspberry Pi mote in Contiki OS
Desktop changed to black?
No ad-hoc compatible Wifi dongle
Installing GitLab messed things up, how to get it out?
recovery console - worked once only
Access denied when start, stop or restart iot service on Raspberry Pi
How select lircd.conf location using ssh in OSMC?
SCP File Transfer Between Pi and Windows
Raspberry Pi B+ can't install node-red
Can I SSH into my pi via a USB-to-USB connection with my laptop?
How to run X server without LXDE?
rPi 'no installation candidates', updated repositories, no change
Resetting the Pi's main Power Supply polyfuse faster
Why are static IP Addresses in Raspberry Pis frowned upon?
Raspbian Jessie: GUI tool for ethernet settings?
Corrupt JPEG data: extraneous bytes before marker, OpenCV C++, Raspberry Pi
Read sht31 sensors by I2C
Wi-fi doesn't work on my Raspberry
Raspberry pi with drone for live streaming
Error when trying to install mysql-server
What types of keyboards does the Raspberry Pi 2 B+ board support?
Raspberry Pi B+ (LCD-display 16x2)
Measure WIND speed with GPIO.wait_for_edge (What to do when there is no speed)
Raspberry Pi clock speed won't increase
Can't connect to raspberry pi 2 over bluetooth with MIT App Inventor
startx command not working
Having trouble starting Jasper in RPi 2
Output Accurate, Detailed PWM signal
How can I safely remove a cobbler from a Raspberry Pi?
Nothing displaying when connecting Pi 2B to TV
Can I connect my Windows 8.1 laptop to my Pi via WIFI?
How do I find out the IP address of my Pi?
Bonjour Not Resolving Hostname
Getting error - "tightvncserver: Could not create /home/pi/.vnc"
Pairing retropie with controllers: what does this error mean?
Unable to switch to normal user in command line
Can I edit cmdline.txt on a Mac?
Issue connecting to internet after proper wifi configuration
Raspberry Pi, LM35 and MCP3008
Using BCM GPIO pin numbers with wiringPi C library
No-IP + extenal IP not even pinged
# symbol not on my keyboard
MOLEX to Micro-USB to power Pi
LM35 long electric wire
Make Raspberry Pi 2 into a video capture card
Raspberry Pi hangs on USB activation
Problems with changing mac address of pi 2
vnc server fails to start with I/O Error
Android tablet as second screen via USB
Pin applications to task-bar on Raspberry Pi 2
Log correct boot time
For communicating with a modbus rtu slave using rs485 to usb converter, does Raspberry Pi require any configuration?
Help lighting LED via GPIO pins
TV screen is black when using analog TV via yellow video cable (with or without scart adapter)
Is it possible to run Minecraft on an emulated PI?
Raspberry Pi GUI
Access GPIO pins without root. No access to /dev/mem. Try running as root!
Asus USB WiFi driver install
How can i make a GPIO F5 Button
How to stream video file to RTMP server with gstreamer on RPI2
Java GUI app on Startup
Native GBA Emulation
Will either of these two hubs supply enough current?
HDMI Output Not Working on Raspberry Pi2, model B
Analog camera possibility?
Can the GPIO interfere with the PiCamera and cause an error?
White TFT LCD touchscreen isn't functioning on Raspbian or Ubuntu on a Raspberry Pi 2
How can I drive a RGB led strip on SPI with chip select and another SPI item?
Update Kodi (OSMC) video library using iOS remote
gpio not working
Google Hangouts
Ping not working as excepted
unable to launch usertest.sh
Need libraries and code for LED dotmatrix driven by MAX7219
Problems with Pi Model 2B Boot
Headphone's Crackling
What software images are there for Raspberry Pi to act as a Wireless MeshNet connected to the internet?
Can I get the full version of Windows 10 on Raspberry Pi
Could not locate bindings file
Cannot get my PiTFT screen working
Connecting RF 433MHZ receiver to a raspberry pi 2
How do I get RCA video out of OpenELEC/LibreELEC?
QT 5.6 QBluetooth: Either no Qt D-Bus found or no BlueZ headers
What does ^[[A mean in the terminal?
Install of Raspbian Jessie does not work
Using jumper cables to turn on LEDs
Problem using Buttons to swich LED's on and off
Can't edit/copy files with Samba on Raspberry Pi 2
What can I use to power my Raspberry Pi Zero with rechargeable battery?
LIRC remote keypresses send to shell?
Is there a way to attach multiple serial port devices to a single raspberry pi?
usb 1-1.2: device not accepting address 44, error -71
Can I use an FT232RL USB to TTL adapter with Raspberry Pi for a GPS module?
convert a pic to bit stream and write it to gpio
Pi 2B not producing picture on screen
Cause of PiFace Output LED Noise
Kodi & RetroPie on one box
GPIO odd behaviour
Pinout difference
Using RPi as internet accessible backup server for multiple PCs
Share internet between 2 RPis
NDVI image without filter
I'm having trouble setting up my config.txt file to work with hdmi display
The transfer of files using the afp:// protocol from OSX10.11 to a RPi using its root password
How to pulse DS28E04 with owserver?
OpenVPN won't start on boot (OSMC)
Very small sized battery for RasPi Zero?
How do I view gpu / h.264 block usage?
Java and DS18B20
Raspberry Pi B won't recognise DS18B20 sensor
Can ssh internally, but can't externally: port 22: connection refused
How to find the config.txt on noobs
Make permanent change in the routing table
Learning about GPIOs
No sound when using sudo in Raspbian
Connecting to rpi through wifi
Low-level PWM driver that works with the Raspberry Pi 2
Mega splitter amplifier for audio out
pigpio - set_PWM_dutycycle vs hardware_PWM
Stream replication of a postgres database on one raspberrypi2
SSH to Pi through putty Connection Refused (Raspbian Wheezy)
Wiping an SD card using my Raspberry Pi
Set Resolution for Old Sony TV
I short circuited 5v & gnd of Rpi
- XS1OC - MicroSD card - Raspberry PI2 Model B
how to swap dbus versions in rpi/linux?
Transmiting Small data over 400 ft
Visibility in network after internet sharing
Failed to start job for vncserver@1.service
Use Arduino code on raspberry pi?
Unexpected shutdown when running GPIO script
RPi2 bare metal blinker
Unable to connect to wifi--does nothing
Error installing chromium on rpi 2 with raspbian
Use existing OS or create a new one?
msvsmon.exe not running on Windows iot
Will this DC step down chip allow me to power Raspberry Pi using AA batteries?
Different audio output on hdmi and jack
How can I add an On-Off switch to my Raspberry Pi 2
Connecting Raspberry PI 2 to WIFI
RPi2B redlights when trying to boot into RaspBSD
Raspberry PI 2 can GPIO Pins 29-40 be used GPIO_GEN input output configurable in Python?
How can my Mac route to the Raspberry Pi with the command?
Raspberry Pi 2 and Retropie from Mame cabinet to Pi
Is there a modbus rtu tester for Raspberry PI?
Unable to record and stream screen with ffmpeg
Can I use the Playstation Eye webcam's microphone with Raspberry
Watch for GPIO button while running a timer
Multiple OpenVPN clients on Raspberry Pi
Can I control the volume from my phone when using shairplay with optical output?
Error in reading data with pymodbus
useradd prints usage intead of execute. Debian Jessie
Cannot get USB audio (Generalplus Technology Inc) to work
Retropie Retroarch not accepting keyboard keys for hotkeys
Disk full but NCDU shows only 22.2 mb used
Cannot update due a Claro Colombia ISP issue
Mysterious RPi wifi problem -- No wireless interfaces found
Max current from a single USB port
How do I remove OSMC from a Raspberry Pi 2?
reverse engineering: Transcend digital photo frame display to Raspberry Pi
Logitech K400 Plus
Autolaunch Programs on LXDE startup
Expanding size of the root / using external HDD
Game Server Lag Every 2 Minutes or So on Raspi 2
How to play a file on my cirrus audio card?
Is there documentation for RPi.GPIO
Can I use an Apple charger to charge my Raspberry Pi 2 Model B and PS4 Controller's Mini USB?
Reading Data from 315/433MHz RF Module with Raspberry Pi GPIO
Can I use a DC-DC step up module to power a Raspberry Pi from 2AA batteries?
DS18b20 address finding
Connecting with VNC causes white flickering menu bar
TightVNC starts fine locally, won't autostart
How to change permissions on external hard-drive connected to Raspberry?
How to extend screen with a Raspberry Pi 2 with PiTFT?
Raspberry Pi Model A+: I2S ADC and DAC connection
How to enable auto-login?
OpenVPN setup issues
What is the function and purpose of the GPIO connector on the official display?
Are there any compact microphones compatible with RasPi that can fit inside a typical enclosure?
Keyboard not working on kodi, rpi 2
Raspberry pi USB webcam problem
Max safe current and power requirements for Raspberry Pi 2 Model B?
Will this setup be sufficient for a HTPC
OpenCV display image: window system doesn't support opengl
Faster way to use Pi camera module with OpenCV C++
Low-latency SPI for MCP 3008
transmission web interface not allowed
Unable to shutdown Raspberry connected to UPS
How to read values from an clamp-on ammeter with an raspberry pi?
My brand new raspberry pi 2 b will not start up
Can the Pi "official" WiFi adapter do simultaneous Client/AP modes?
Mute TV with HDMI CEC Raspberry pi
Allow root to run games?
Gertboard or similar for Raspberry Pi 2?
Auto-execute on new USB volume
random GPIO voltage?
Reverse SSH to remote host
High PPI 2.2 inch TFT Display shield for Raspberry pi 2B/B+ With 6 Keyboards and Remote IR
Log output of background or boot script
No disk space after switching from B+ to 2 model B
ARMv6 optimized x.264 compile fails; any ideas?
/var/swap file abnormally large
Run armv6 software on raspberry pi 2
Failed to cross compile Qt 5.6 on RPi 2 (fatal error: bcm_host.h: No such file or directory)
USB Wi-Pi not connecting to WiFi - 4-Way Handshake
Button.watch() not watching
How do I get Sonic Pi 2.9 working with Pi-DAC+?
Raspbian: Is the filesystem table name /etc/fstab hard-coded or is it a default that can be overridden somewhere?
Strange fdisk output for USB device
Which software packages would allow my RPi to alert me to mentions on "The Bakery" RPi chatroom?
Having issues controlling a servo from pi-blaster
i2c random write failures errno 5
Raspberry Pi as a Wireless Wake-On-Lan Server
Setup gpio 23 as shutdown & startup
Java native code
Two Raspberry Pis with the same SD card image
How to check if Edimax EW-7811Un driver has been correctly installed?
Disable LEDs Pi Zero
Disable LED for Edimax EW-7811
IP Forwarding and Routing RPi 2B Jessie
Best Portable Power output for Raspberry Pi 2 Model B
Cannot enter fdisk utility on my external hard drive
Maximum camera frame rate
Please help - How do you get Raspberry Pi out of the rebooting screen and onto the desktop?
RF or WiFi for remote lighting?
Is Raspberry PI 2 B suitable for a real-time audio effects application?
Is there a Pi Simulator application for Debian?
RPI 2 with NOOBS won't boot but I can still SSH into it
Response timeout for webserver from public IP - Raspbian
Raspberry Pi with 4 cameras and Multi Camera Adapter Module
Access Windows 10 IoT device from internet
PHP-version on Raspberry Pi different in phpinfo()
Stop video playback when turning TV off
Slow transfer speeds to RPi usb hdd over network
Mounting larger roms using smb/nfs performance
Wi-Fi not reconnecting after rebooting the router
Motion sensor does not detect motion unless "shaken"
Using Electret Microphone to get Audio-Input on R-PI
raspistill annotation timestamp not updating
RPi 2 - size between screw holes
Basic question on powering multiple Pi's
Raspberry seems to ignore static ip setting
Raspberry pi 2 wont show anything on screen, help?
Setting up a kiosk with Chromium
Problem with ESC, brushless motor and Raspberry Pi
Restart mplayer stream process on loss of internet connection
How can I use youtube in pi?
Raspberry Pi Space Recovery
Can I backup my SD card with Disk Utility on OSX?
How to disable Screensaver on Raspbian Jessie?
Upgrade from one Jessie to another
Unable to make write only smb share
Pi freezes while "Updating SDK" with ACT light on steady
Audio goes in and out on Retropie
Sound disappears in I²S
Cross compile kernel error
How to reinitialize HDMI without rebooting the RPi
How often to reboot raspberry and is it even necessary
How to serially communicate between raspberryPi and arduino using usb to serial converter?
Raspberry Pi install screen - Internal Error, ordering was unable to handle the media swap
Cannot connect to raspbian jessie lite but to raspbian jessie
Starting Browser from terminal and being able to control it via Python
how to forward specific port from wlan0 to eth0
Recover pi 2 from wrong kernel build?
Unmount USB Camera
Raspbian Jessie boot issue after dd image install from Arch partition
Raspberry Pi 2 support PXE booting or network booting without an SD card
Cant login to rasberrypi
auth.log sshd entries
How to install cups-driver-gutenprint?
Ad-hoc WLAN configuration with 2 adapters
PWM control of motors with PHP front end
Changing RFID key for RFID-RC522
Jessie: cfg80211: Calling CRDA to update world regulatory domain
Jessie: Default route fail when disconnecting eth0
detailed instructions on how to change the dns of the Ethernet i am using
Is it necessary to resize the file systems on Ubuntu MATE?
How to configure touchscreen for taking input and displaying output
How can I install Lantern on Raspbian?
VPN + IP Route headaches
Can I use my old smartphone like raspberry pi by installing raspberry pi OS to it
Raspberry Pi Touch LCD Screen problem when GPIO connected
Tkinter on linux start up
USB Rx from GPIO
I have an LED scoreboard that no longer connects with its remote, would it be possible to mod it to run over wifi being controled by a RPi
Pi DNS Resolution
Problem Installing Ralink Firmware for Belkin F5D7050
USB camera recording using avconf
Raspberry Pi IR Sensor stays HIGH when it shouldn't
Can't install O/S from NOOBS
500 Internal Server error when logging in to Raspberry Pi Store
What compatibility is there between Legacy Pi and Pi 2?
How can I use older versions of raspbian on RPi 2 B?
Raspberry Pi 2 browns out during boot up
Audio with very much noise except for OMXPlayer
Raspberry Pi 2 B GPIO pwm and interrupt pins
Moving Wi-Fi driver module to another OS
Getting touchscreen to work in raspbian / kodi
proper installation of 5inch lcd on raspberry pi B+ running PWNPi
How can I power the pi safely?
Unknown fuse blow out in custom power board for raspi B cluster
RPi 2: spi_bcm2708 or spi_bcm2709?
Can't open pwm pin
How do I configure my sound for Jasper on Raspbian Jessie?
Raspberry Pi CUPS printing canon MG5660 not actually printing
Is 8gb enough to support Ubuntu MATE without storage issues?
SAP error on bluetooth service status
Can only SSH into Raspberry Pi from Ethernet cable
How to update the tomcat-verstion 7.0.28 to 7.0.67?
Colored console over serial connection?
Is the resistor needed to connect 3 pin 5v buzzer (RP2b)?
Kernel panic-not syncing: VFS: unable to mount root fs on unknown- block(179,6) running Raspbian on top of NOOBS
JAVA: no such file or directory (libjli.so)
Can a Raspberry Pi Zero be used as a Wi-FI Access Point?
Raspberry Pi Noobs Static address config
Adafruit servo hat connections
SSH session keeps exiting my terminal
Connecting RPi to an iPhone through Bluetooth using an iOS app
How to run a mono exe file?
Nginx "Out Of memory: Kill process"
How do I set the input focus to my SDL2 app?
Unable to execute tightvncserver: No such file or directory
CMake error while doing yotta build on Raspberry Pi
Adafruit Lesson: Playing sounds and using buttons with Raspberry Pi Error message
Differences of Raspberry Pi models in GPU computation?
LXDE menu goes empty after using Main Menu Editor
Using RPi 2 over WAN with PuTTY and VNC
WittyPi board keep turning off Raspberry
How do I get OMXPlayer to run in the background on Raspbian Jessie?
Jessie and Motion software dont appear compatible
RPi auto-wifi configuration
Java headless or headful?
Do You HAVE To Use SDFormatter Before Installing NOOBS?
Windows 10 Iot HDMI CEC
Mysterious filesystem issues setting up web server
Connecting raspberry pi 2 to pc without internet
Re-configure Raspberry Pi as if it was new
How many AA batteries do I need to power a raspberry pi zero and for how long does it last?
picamera on startx returned with GDBus.Error
Does Fun Tak work as a temporary solder alternative?
Raspberry Pi 2 Media Server
How do I stop HDMI powering my Pi?
Where to find libraries for using existing popular sensors?
Minidlna doesn't refresh files
Resizing a SD card with NOOBS installed
RPi2 not booting when the HDMI is pluged in
luakit browser installation fail
Air pressure switch for balloon
Access network Samba share from Pi client
How to simulate the performance of a RPi in a VM?
Problem with DLNA video streaming
Pi won't start properly after dd backup
VNC problem on Mac and Pi 2. No .xsession file
Advice on designing a game
How learn about TightVNC on a Pi
Can I connect any ADC to RPi?
Sensors With Raspberry pi Model 2
sh: can't access tty; job control turned off
Pi GPIO to another GPIO?
Puzzling problem with Arduino on USB at boot
GPIO callbacks in any language
Creating Disk Image of SD Card
How do I use the command line to check which WiFi network I am connected to?
Unable to mount root fs on unknown-block(8,1)
I changed my Raspberry Pi default keyboard settings. How can I reset this change?
Overscan only on login screen
Appearance Settings and PiX theme missing
How to speed up wifi (usb dongle)?
Sensing soil moisture levels with the RPI - ADC/GPIO & ADC/USB solutions anyone?
Caused by: java.lang.RuntimeException: libname: linux-arm.lib not found
Setting Raspberry Pi Zero to access multiple routers
Headless bluetooth pairing on a raspberry pi zero using a pin?
How to make application run from python code Raspbian
How do I configure wpa_supplicant with default iPhone SSID?
How do I configure Ubuntu to recognize raspberrypi.local?
arecord: main:722: audio open error: No such file or directory
Configure Wii Classic controller on DOSBox
Set up RPi2 as a local website for I/O control
How to set up a water leak sensor?
Sequential Control - time and signal based in C
Raspberry Pi is not found on local network
How to know the input voltage on Raspbian?
Raspberry Pi suddenly reboots while idle
Switch off daylight saving time
Sparkfun ADXL345 wiring issues
Raspberry Pi Model B USB controls power?
Raspberry pi class 4 vs raspbery pi 2 class 10
How can you setup wifi without a usb hub on a Pi Zero?
No Internet Media Player
Dreamcast Pi Emulation
Using Raspberry Pi as Android Tablet
Raspberry Pi 2 As Inbetween From GPIO Device To PC
Recorded Audio not recognized by Google Speech API
setting up a USB mic on RPi
Raspberry pi 2 touch screen is not full screen
GPIO library for C
What are the limitations of PiZero GPIO?
Is Raspberry PI 2 B suitable for a real-time audio effects application?
Virtual keyboard activation
Problems creating desktop shortcut to Tkinter script
Yocto based linux (jethro) and playing fullHD video
ultrasonic sensor stops after giving some reading when running in thread on tornado websocket python
How To Switch On/Off A Circuit using GPIO
How do you find the I2C address of the Pi?
Install chromium browser without internet
How to install Arduino IDE on Raspberry Pi
Not able to install Pi Store
How to setup resistive LCD touchscreen over SPI
Timelapse without using storage for jpegs: pipe the raspistill output directly to mencoder
Raspeberry Pi 2 is not using the full resolution of the screen
Manually mounting ext hdd works, mounting via fstab fails
Robot doesn't move when on floor, wheels spin when off ground
Raspberry Pi out of disk space
Unable to locate "fim" package
Raspberry Pi Model B 1GB version has both solid lights without SD Card
Raspberry PI Debian multiple network interfaces WiFi and LAN
SD card cloning: 32GB to 16GB SD card?
Is it possible to speed up code processing time by increasing i2c baudrate?
Getting the latest version of R on the Raspberry Pi
Owncloud Not Accessible by Ip on Local Network
max length of wire w/ 3.3v or other issue
nl80211: Driver does not support authentication/association or connect commands
Pi not recognising 2.5" HDD over powered USB Hub
Switching a Circuit on/off with a MOSFET
Expected performance of Raspberry Pi as NAS with software RAID-1
looking for a compiled version of postgreSQL 9.5 for rpi 2
How to check backup restoration on SD card
How to find a robust power adapter for a Pi running 24/7?
Pressure Sensor BMP183 and Raspberry Pi 2B
High frequency data reading from Raspberry
Project needs multiple PWM
Slot car races time recording
how to run GDM on raspberry pi 2
Why can't I get my LCD1602 with a HD44780 controller using I2C with Windows IoT to work?
Ethernet from computer
SD-spring broke and short circuit, what can I try?
IOT hacking electricity safety
What is needed to get I²C working with Debian Jessie?
XBee and Zigbee Door Lock Software Design Issue
Can't access Pi websocket server from client
RPIO Module installation
Problem when saving many files in Raspberry Pi
Allow sudo only to run one Python script that accesses GPIO
Raspberry Pi Camera Module slower than Desktop Webcam
How to switch on LED by php interface with Raspberry | Arduino
Is there a possibility of GPIO failure?
Nginx Default Sever Config
How to create a custom image for raspberry pi 2?
How do I maximize windows in games?
Troubles WebIOPi get values from sensor DS18B20 without modify config file
Selenium Script on Startup
How do we interface barcode reader and raspberry pi
Ethernet stuck in cycle of "carrier acquired" and "carrier lost"
I2C using wiringPi or IOCTL in C, more than 2 bytes
Preparing/setup a SD card with NOOB using Linux
Raspberry Pi Zero and Waveshare 4 inch IPS screen
NOOBS multiboot - resize partitions
Are there any practical benefits to using a U-cobbler vs. T-cobbler and vise-versa?
Qt5 & RPi 2 -> "failed to add service - already in use?"
Configure Mic and USB speaker Jessie
Windows IoT on Raspberry Pi: how to eliminate huge variations in reading pins values? (C#)
How to start Motion in daemon mode on RPi running Raspbian Jessie
Screen gets black after raspberry pi has done the boot
How can I stream my audio to my Sonos speakers?
Pi4J and Mifare RC-522 via SPI
Block Access to raspi-config
Why df -h is showing wrong size in raspbian?
I need help to finish installing the latest version of Chromium
Issue with lighting 15w bulb using raspberry pi & 8-pin relay
What is the minimum power supply needed for PiZero?
Getting started with image processing using opencv in windows and using in raspberry pi
FFMPEG and RPi picamera mp4 video recording
taskbar got hidden after raspberrypi update
Pi with Arch Linux and OpenCV: errors when running cmake
TLC5940NT using TLC5940NT Raspberry Pi library
Wifi hotspot with redirect to HTML
Chromium OS, is it possible to make it work with Raspberry Pi Model B+?
Data Communication between two raspberry pi's via GPIO
Universal USB Charger for Raspberry pi 2
Pi2 with Kodi, output to composite video only works in some cases
Git clone without internet connection
Why a resistance between signal and GPIO - External power source
hdmi2vga or raspberry problem
How to add a fan to the Pi
Trying to communicate over a serial connection between RPi and Picaxe 18M2 Microcontroller?
Xbian update apt-get
Run GUI app from command line
Why can't connect to RaspberryPi on different network using the same static address
Graphical demos only show on display connected to rpi. I want to see them headless (on my mac pro)
Does "Connection Refused" and success of PING command means that RaspberryPi is connected?
Monitor resolution is not properly adjusted
Using flask to play videos
How can I switch between a built in display and HDMI?
Resin.io connection error
Selfi-Kiosk with Kweb and Camera - how to show preview image
Wireless vibration sensor
Reliable browser/OS for use of showing webpage?
Raspberry Pi Not Working
Two Wi-Fi networks. One preferred. Connect when it comes in range
Raspbian Jessie Lite Boot time fast?
How can I boot into GUI after changing the default user (no longer working)?
Changing the port that pure-ftpd uses
Rasp Pi PPTPD Service Not Starting on Boot
I am using hih9000 series temperature & humidity sensor in that first 2 byte for humidity data and last 2 byte for temperature how can i decode that
Cannot find Arch Linux .img download
JDownloader: "Invalid download directory" error
Cronjob is set to run every 5 minutes but runs every minute
SpiDev - spi.xfer([xxx]) -> Invaild argument error -> what?
How to access Raspberry Pi when it has a private address while using university Internet
Can I get elementary os freya on my raspberry pi 2 model B?
Raspberry Pi 2 Arduino Mega USB Communication
Why can I not access my raspberry pi over usb whilst using my wifi dongle?
Pack a uncased 2.5" HDD with a Pi 2 in one case
Allow remote users to shut down Raspbian jessie
Raspberry Pi 2 overclocking settings
Rasberry Pi's usb limitation when using web cams
How to measure battery voltage?
How to know if you're writing on your SD Card?
error while configuring Raspberry pi B+ wifi on Raspbian
Figuring out the manufacturer of a 3.5 inch tft?
2 amp power supply for RPi2. Too much current?
Custom Encoder, unable to record video
Low Energy Consumption Kernel
Stop lightdm/x hanging pi on boot - boot to CLI only
The following packages have been kept back: mopidy
CWiiD doesn't detect wii remote but hcitool and blueman do
making WiFi adapter run in dual mode - STA and AP
Raspberry Pi camera randomly freezes / crashes SoC
GPIO Callbacks and How to Use Them
Raspberry Pi Robotics: How to follow line?
Connect desktop wifi chip onto raspberry pi 2?
My Pi stopped connecting to the internet by ethernet
Running emulationstation from remote laptop
USB Serial Port Configuration
Meccano + Raspberry Pi + Arduino
Material that can be used as a switch for an LED
How do you refresh an OSMC skin?
How to connect and use ssh without a screen using BUILDROOT
Jessie read-only won't autologin in lightdm
can't find ipaddress of my raspberrypi
Can't turn off gpio pins
GPIO stuck in High Mode
How to route ALL traffic through Privoxy?
What vulnerabilities, if any, are inherit to an open samba share on a home LAN?
Using Pi 2 as a media center AND git server
Auto run program on boot as root
Why doesn't Pi browse the internet? I get the "Oops!" comment
How can I fix hanging SSH on Raspbian?
For bluetooth connection using PyBluez, socket is not getting bound to port with traceback..bluetooth.error: (13, 'Permission denied')
share a screen via ethernet and RPi
Two servos connected causes shaking
How to use cheats in retropie?
Why can't I SSH to Raspbian anymore?
Trying to port an Eclipse RCP application to Raspberry Pi
Is it possible to access Raspberry pi 2 ubuntu 14.04 without usb-keyboard?
Installing Chrome on Raspbian
ssh: connect to host pi adress port 22: Connection refused
How do you get C# onto your raspberry pi?
How to connect a graphic card to Raspberry pi?
Which version is pip?
wireless Controlling of a servo motor using Raspberry
Bcm 43143 Hostapd Driver Problem
Common ground with 9V?
Error when running dnsmasq
Crashes under load – how to investigate?
Why does apt-get upgrade cause blank screen after reboot on Raspbian?
Change permition of a mounted external harddrive for all users?
serial port problem
Converting to SquashFS for BerryBoot
Wiring-up and testing a sensor via Serial-to-USB
Windows 10 IoT Dual Boot
Is opencl supported in Raspberry Pi for stereo vision applications?
Alternative way of providing uninterrupted powersupply
GPU Unified Memory?
Raspberry Pi 2 Won't Boot
Exit to shell during boot, Raspbian
How raspberry pi talk with its HAT's
RPi 2 isnt booting, Green and Red light ON
How to install midori?
Raspberry PI Zero no HDMI output
Minecraft for the Raspberry Pi 2 cli download
Pidora speed on Raspberry pi 2?
USB Bluetooth data
Any tutorials for the 10Dof DfRobot IMU? ADXL345 - HMC5883L - ITG-3205 - BMP085
Kivy buttons don't work when launching app with 'sudo python'
Optocoupler to control pi power supply
Rotating Display on Raspberry Pi 2 B
Boot straight to movie collection
Verify working of I2C bus though command
C# implementation of MS5637 sensor with I2C on IoT
WiFi with Ethernet?
Lxpanel crashes on vncserver startup
Mac Clone SD with dd failing during boot
mutek usb smartcard reader not detected(Probably missing drivers)
Control PiFace via telnet
wiringPiSetup: mmap (PADS) failed: Cannot allocate memory
Will expanding the file system affect how wear leveling is implemented on the SD card?
more than one bluetooth adapter on RPI 2
Setting up WiFi on a RaspberryPi B with an Edimax EW-7811Un
Configuring Raspberry Pi 2 to use USB Microphone and Headset as default device on Jessie
Unable to mount a network drive
getting issues when interfacing plc and raspberry together
Trouble with Alias directive on apache2 server
Visual Studio Code & .Net Core ARM support
My weewx weather station software ftp uploads fail due to time outs
Why is very little capacity available on my 8GB SD card?
Unable to save password for xtightvnc viewer
what is required for automation in plantation?
Foreign characters showing from gcc compiler output
Failed to connect to SDP server on FF:FF:FF:00:00:00: No such file or directory
Issue with reading GPIO pin with GPIO.IN
RPi Model B, Node.JS, Express, NGINX very slow response time
Temperature differences between CPU & GPU
Playback of 720x1280 shows color artifacts
composite video on boot
Camera Module take pictures every 30 sec to SD card
Problems with SD card
How to install seafile client
How to Pre-Share your Key for WiFi password protected connections
Embedded Xinu for RPi
Pi2B - Wifi plus ethernet - one or the other not both
Retro Pi expand filesystem keeps reverting
Overclocked pi too much
Local LAMP server slow on mobile devices
Apache webserver can't access USB device
I am able to pair my Android phone through bluetooth in RPI but I couldn't able to connect through it
Selfie camera using raspberry Pi
Adjust bluetooth adapter transmit power
fm_transmitter is not working with other wav sound
Is there a way to add power button on RPI 2 Model B?
While statement checking for button press while accepting raw input
What are the differences between the models A and A+?
Raspberry Pi 2 - Help with Wifi Access Point
Can I power a DC motor with the Pi's 5 volt pin?
Raspi won't start apache2 after I power cycled
noob trying to get his usb audio to stay as default
What version of Android can work with decent performance with Raspberry Pi Model B+?
Initial setup without a monitor or keyboard
How to setup hama keypad 00053224 on RASPBIAN JESSIE
What components are required for connecting servo motor to PI?
How to make a simple bluetooth connection on Raspbian?
Adding a servo to existing project with two motors
Not able to Install openCV 2.4.9 on raspberry pi 2 model B
GPIO True and False seem to be reversed
Open a URL in Epiphany Web Browser from Python Script
Reading Arduino weather sensors via RS485
How to abort or cancel LSB job on boot?
Syntax error in /etc/sudoers
Raspberry Pi 2 shows grains on display and reboots repeatedly
Raspberry Pi 2 and Adafruit Thermal Printer 597
Should running VNC on Jessie Lite "just work"?
How to use the Display - O - Tron 3000 with the hc-sr04?
Push Notifications on a Button Tap event
Communication between radio transmitter (device A) and receiver (raspberry)
PyAudio playing audio in Callback is choppy
Chat on raspberry pi using ssh
Touchscreen display turns off whenever audio plays (RPI2, DAC+, PITFT)
SpeechRecognition / PyAudio OSError: [Errno -9997] Invalid sample rate RaspberryPI2
Direct network access (ethernet) to RaspPi2 from PC Linux
allow other user to run wiringPiSetupSys()
Can I run Ubuntu Server on an Raspberry Pi 2 Model B?
Run multiple python programs at once
I need to control 8 LED's but I can only control 3? [helpful pictures attached]
x2x on Raspbian
I2C repeated start with BitBanging not working - Pigpio library on Raspberry Pi B+
Automount various USB stick file systems on Jessie Lite
USB hub/c-media combo - audio device not recognised - hub won't allow allow other usb audio either
Any efficient RTOS with display support present for Raspberry Pi 2?
sudo apt-get not working
Error on Boot. 'No working init found.'
RaspberryPI with Windows 10 IoT Core can use Silverlight?
Raspberry Pi OS is not starting after executing bad Shell Script
RPi not re-connecting to network after MacBook connects to Network
Wifi or LAN access for Android 6 on Pi 2
Raspbian jessie - cronjob doesn`t work
RPi2 stuck in boot loop
Turn on TV without HDMI-CEC
Module loads with modprobe but doesn't in boot
Initial startup blank screen
Wooden clock with LED: which components?
Raspbian Wheezy config.txt overclocking
Why is there a frown icon on the screen when I re-boot my Rpi 2 with Windows IoT
Where to set TCP server and where to set TCP client?
Cross Compile Error Using arm-linux-gnueabihf-gcc
Installing VNC on a new headless Pi 2
Raspberry pi won't start after 'segmentation fault'
How is ifplugd already running for wlan0
Apache server "403 forbidden, you don't have permission."
Is the GPIO configuration changed for Raspberry Pi Zero
4 inch Waveshare + RetroPi + fbcp
Wake Raspberry using PS3 controller
Can I power a Pi with a ribbon cable AWG 28?
How to connect a servo feedback potentiometer?
Wifi Adapter issue
Doesn't having pull up resistors in the I2C pins disables their use as GPIO?
Configure Alt GPIO using sysFS
Error : DEP0700 : Registration of the app failed
how to make radio wave with pi2
Why do I need to connect servos to the ground of the battery and the ground of the RPi?
How to get kodi to play m3u8?
Wifi randomly not working and working (carrier lost)
Can I use the Arduino IDE to compile an Arduino sketch to run on the Pi?
/dev/ttyAMA0 only working when another USB/RS232 converter plugged in
Can I use a Y-cable or Dual-Power cable to get additional power for a single USB powered hard drive?
Raspberry pi 2 encoding problems which not occur in Mac OS X?
Using SignalR Client in UWP running on Windows IoT
Background Task on Raspberry pi windows IoT
Raspbian Jessie (Debian 8) not displaying startup services and messages
long distance measuring modules - experiences: ME007-ULS V1
Can't connect PS3 controller to Pi using Sixaxis
Raspistill stops working after 3 hours of continuous shooting when writing to network share
Performance with an encrypted disk
Wireless networking of multiple Pis without internet
cec-client on Wheezy (retropie) not finding TV
vsftpd permissions trouble
Adhoc ports unavailable
Having two 2.5'' drives makes one turn off the other on plug
Wiegand GPIO read not working all the time. Works most times but hangs on some reads
Using Unpowered USB
Is it possible to install .exe file in Raspberry Pi running Windows 10 IoT Core?
Static vs Dynamic IP for Pi
Only 2.5 MB/s transfer rate on WiFi
Access forbidden after using FileZilla client
Raspberry Pi IR Transmitter does not work
Raspberry Pi hardware ID
Will the Raspberry Pi Camera Board output to the Raspberry Pi 7" DSI Screen when using the picamera library?
Driving a 4 digit 7 segment common cathode from GPIO
Windows 10 IoT Wrong Time
Keyboard and mouse stops working after connecting usb hard drive
Running Raspbian Jessie from SD in Mac OS
Use ssh as substitute of serial
Can I create a web hosting for my website on raspberry pi and let it run 24/7
I need it to do a few specific tasks
Red LED after `sudo halt`, may I unplug?
Secugen Hamster Plus Fingerprint Sensor Raspberry Pi Integration
Detecting Pi has been unplugged instead of shutdown
Getting kernel headers for raspberry pi 2
Port forwarding / XBIAN
Raspberry Pi with camera module as webcam?
HDMI input raspberry
RetroPie pre config image
Video output not centered on TV screen
Are there any battery packs than can act as a UPS?
Can I use the USB Hub to power the Raspberry Pi Zero?
Perm Denied, when trying to copy files from flash drive
cansend to a CANBus device doesnt work
Apache "404 not found error"
Persistent names for usb-serial devices
Accessing files on Pi over HTTPS
Connecting 32 pin LED matrix to Raspberry Pi
File transfer 8 GB to 32GB SD card
Laptop display connection
Make programs start on boot on jessie such as samba/apache with webmin?
CentOS Development Tools "No package kernel-devel available."
Default username/password for CentOS 7 on Raspberry Pi
Installing CentOS 7 on a Raspberry Pi
Espeak not working with jessie
Use Pi as internet gateway
Disk Migration between same model rPI
Pulseaudio / A2DP Bluetooth don't work in system mode, but work work fine under "pi" user
Forcefully erase Raspberry Pi 2 micro SD card
Pi can't find Wifi Dongle Upon Turning On/ Rebooting/Ifup
Serial write 1,000,000 baud slow
Network through USB?
Can't compile OpenCV 3.1 on Raspberry PI: Missing videoio.h, videodev.h,
Force HDMI output
Putty error while connecting Raspberry Pi to my computer
Non-crashing web page display?
PiCamera and Flask - Start and Stop Preview/Record
stream games/screen to kodi
Chromium/Epiphany boost javascript/transformation performance
Tips for keeping a motor in sync?
Running spotify on Raspberry PI
What's the difference between aplay -l and aplay -L?
SenseHat; Random Pattern using FrameBuffer: No Error?
Raspberry Pi- Arduino Serially driven servo problem
Pi 2 Question about power
What does this mean?
Win10 IoT +Raspberry PI 2 official touch display support
Very odd... Pi will not auto login or allow me to manually login as 'pi'
Realtek 8192eu driver on Raspberry Pi (Xbian)
real time clock puzzle with new rasbian jessie
DS18B20 Temp Sensor Stops Working While Streaming Video
Optimum memory split for a RasPi 2 streaming movies
how can I clear the serial buffer prior to logging data from it?
For how much time does a 600 VA UPS run my RPI 2?
Port forwarding on a tethered RPi
Shutdown Raspberry Pi 2 with SenseHAT via Python script?
How to load modules on startup?
Raspberry Pi Zero not booting?
Using Raspberry Pi as a Wi-Fi Scanner/Analyser
Berryboot fallback partition
My USB2VGA is working - How do I configure X to use that screen?
Blinking LED - start and stop
Raspberry Pi Time is off by 45 min
Raspbian ignores /etc/network/interfaces
Connect a processor board to Raspberry pi
Fax server email
Problem in executing gpio shell via PHP
What is the best supported microSD card's with it class for Raspberry Pi2 Model B?
Wifi stick for Raspberry Pi 2
Measuring 10 volts?
Struggling with Raspbian Bluetooth communication
Exiting OSMC to RBPi Terminal
Audio ADC hats? I only need *inputs*
NFS mount at boot with autofs on Raspbian Jessie
Full screen browsers vanish randomly?
I compiled and installed PHP7 but still see 5
Is it possible to play audio though the aux. port without starting 'x'? (pi 2b)
How to kill LightDM?
I have a regular flex-cable, which I want to connect to a computer via USB
Rasp Pi 2: HDMI audio goes fuzzy temporarily
Aircrack monitor mode disconnects other dongle from Wifi
PWN PI Setup Error: LIBKMOD Error c:554
Power consumption of Pi Zero in Headless mode
How to execute Java command which would shutdown Raspbian Operating System?
iwspy does not work
How to install GitLab on a Raspberry Pi 1?
GPIO=webiopi.GPIO, attribute error : module object has no attribute 'GPIO'
Does (raspbian) automatically renew DHCP lease when there is a problem?
Setting up raspberry pi for bluetooth low energy (bluez, bluepy)
Web controlled OMXPlayer
Driving 32x32 LED grid via GPIO preventing other processes from running
starting and ending a script with a buttonpress
What is the pixel per degree ratio for the Pi cam?
Using INT interrupt line on PCF8574 I2C 8-bit IO-expander on Bit-banged RPi GPIO?
Python Winapi Equivalent for Raspbian? (For automatic mouse movements)
Accessing GPIO from lighttpd server not working
Sending IP address by email on boot by executing Python script
Wifi refuses to stay connected, DNS errors
Does it matter which pins are used when powering the Pi from the header?
Can I use a GpioPin as a PWM pin safely on my Raspberry Pi 2?
Using a relay to bypass a button
How do I download and install EPICSQt on a Raspberry Pi running Raspbian Jessie?
How to indicate read / write disk operiation via LEDs connected to GPIO
Can I power a 3V water pump using the 3V3 pin?
Install Porteus Kiosk on RPi
Want to put a variable into os.system command on Python 3, but it doesn't work
Multiple Raspberry Pi as kiosk
Remote develeopment with Netbeans: debugger goes to disasembly
OS and script advice
Can RPi2 be used as an IP cam viewer?
Kodi on a GPIO screen
Sonic Pi, defining my own classes
how to create an id system for raspberry pis that is not hardware dependent?
No /usr/sbin/vsftpd found running; none killed
Terminal sudo commands not showing output
How do I downgrade Raspbian?
How to fix error code for Raspicam (0x4f525245)?
Share a folder between three accounts created on the Raspberry Pi
How to run a java serial data command with arguments on start-up
I am trying to boot android lollipop on raspberry pi2
Raspberry Pi - TSL2561 Lightsensor
Correct wiring for 433MHz transmitter/receivers?
Wrong IP assigned to raspberry PI
Ralink 5572 hostapd fails at 5 GHz unless first run in 2.4 GHz band?
Accidentally Removed SD Card
Bad mirror when installing package
How can I develop a touchscreen GUI in Python?
Simple circuit for audio amplifier
add second controller to pizero on Retropie
Autorun browser kiosk with Jessie Lite
How to start a single GUI application from command line?
Pulse Audio has no output but Alsa does?
Rasp's ability on running setup.exe file or windows software
Raspberry Pi 2B+ Boots once
RPi Streaming Audio Server
PI2B safe shutdown procedure on low battery and auto start
RPi2 - No HDMI signal only on monitor
Internal IP address of Raspberry Pi is changing
Roaming Timing Optimization
PHP Script to Change DHCP Configuration
Amazon Instant Video on Raspberry Pi?
problems with chromium installation
RPi OCR or how to read a number from the camera
Couldn't find Transmission's web interface files!
Has anyone managed to get SDL 2/3 working, without X, in Raspbian?
Is there a max current that can be supplied when powering the Pi from the pins?
Raspberry pi autostart of LXDE does not work
DHCP failed on wlan0 (keep getting 169.254.x.x addresses)
Static IP (wlan0) initially not reachable from other intranet machines
How to connect with SSH to RPi through hostapd hotspot?
Cannot install A.L.F.R.E.D on Raspberry Pi 2
Greek (non-english) characters on Raspbian Jessie when fstab
Assigning 5 mics to GPIO for voice activation
Can pulling the power cause any problem *except* with the SD card contents?
Smartcard Reader not detected on boot
node-gyp how to configure it with a compiler who support C++ 11
Cant type in CLI
Trigger cameras on a multiplexer at the exact same time for all 4
Can different raspberry pi models share SD cards?
Launch terminal ro run hangoutbot on raspberry start
Raspberry pi computer monitor
Why can't I set my app to run on startup with Windows IoT?
Deploy Qt 5.6 onto rPi2 with Jessie
How can I disable GPIO warnings?
Can a raspberry pi hw/sw combination retract and extend a linear actuator?
Ignore pin input while code executes
Sending data from serial port
Installation of Zbar failed
getnameinfo() always rises "Illegal opcode" error from Valgrind
IPv4 forwarding from RPi 2 to RPi Zero via OTG cable
How to start communication between pi and GSM add-on V2.0
Raspi Config on Ubuntu Server 14.04
Raspbian Jessie Lite Boot Delay - Long Wait for DHCPCD
500 OOPS: could not bind listening IPv4 socket (vsftpd in raspbian)
Transfer time, weather and notification data from Android device (rooted)
Reset Wi-Fi dongle
GPIO TXD0 vs RXD0 vs SDA1 vs SCL1
Raspbian v4l2loopback
L296N to Raspberry Pi pins disanbiguisation
Purple Haze while recording from raspicam and picamera
Install Qt Framework on Raspberry pi 2 B+ on Windows 10 IoT
Wiring diagram software
I2C device detection on Pi A+
Installing Raspbian shrinks SD card
Raspberry Pi sudden shutdown, excessive heat
Which Raspberry pi OS images support ENC28J60 ethernet port natively?
Can the Raspberry Pi Zero run Java 8? And on which OS image?
How to fix glibc vulnerability CVE-2015-7547
How to use Pi to remote control a cell phone in another country
Streaming Raspberry Pi camera to HTML webpage using picamera and Flask
wifi game controller
Apache2 apparently not working
L2TP/IPSec VPN Client on Raspberry Pi Jessie?
How to compile boost libraries
Camera on Raspberry Pi Zero
Modules not loaded at boot time
Installation of node-red contrib nodes
Synchronize two PWM signals on two Raspberry PI
Is it possible to send keys to a computer via USB?
Open elec can't connect
wlan0 suddenly jumping away from static IP
Different voltages across circuit when 3v3 to ground than when 3v3 to GPIO in
How to switch terminal emulator for locally connected display?
Need help on GPIO pins for Raspberry Pi 2
A/V Jack Turned Black
Removing HATs from the Pi
Using two wifi dongles at the same time
Threading with GPIO and Buttons
Why cant I get forever to run on my Raspberry Pi 2 (node 0.10.2
Can't connect to Pi through SSH (Putty)?
Epiphany Browser Kiosk/Full Screen but has a 1px white border
I want to switch between versions 2 & 3 of Python. Both are installed
Blink script gives me "name error 'BCM' is not defined"
OMXPlayer script exiting with "have a nice day"
How to forward traffic from tun0 to specific IP behind eth0 (iptables)
uvcvideo: Non-zero status (-5) in status completion handler
How to check how much battery is left on my Raspberry Pi in the terminal?
is it possible for the raspberry pi 2 to disable usb interface rx and tx?
Controlling a common RC car
Peephole Viewer Project, Model B or B+? Accessories? Feasibility?
Network Wide Security / Access Control Software
Speech Recognition ERROR
Unable to stream video on Raspberry Pi 2
Would LXC work on Raspberry Pi 2 using Raspbian Jessie or some other latest distro?
How can a raspberry pi get time from another pi
Fire OS on RPI?
GPIO.wait_for_edge on 2 channels at once?
Can't understand the function of cleanup()
Difference between Servo hat and driver?
Multiple keyboards for different purposes
Do I have to buy a powered USB hub?
High amperage power supply/powered hub
How to stream low-latency video from the RPi to a web browser in realtime
Picam noir issue
Typed in startx and now I can't log in
Controlling multiple Digital LED light strip through Servo hat/driver
Which sensor should I use to detect a table tennis ball bounce in a table?
Apache Server - Hosting 2 domains
R-pi2 Raspbian (Debian Jessie) won't connect to the wifi hotspot it finds
Show login prompt on boot
Is the Raspberry Pi capable to pass audio from an input to an output, visualizing along the way?
Which Pi can emulate a custom USB Client?
Using two Raspberry Pi to display an output on the monitor wirelessly
Install git Raspbian Jessie lite
Pi does not pick up my Wi-Fi but sees neighbours Wi-Fi
How to get HDMI sound with RPi2 Raspbian (Debian-Jessie)
How can I use SPI to communicate with 3 or more Arduinos?
How to safely switch off the Raspberry Pi?
Raspberry pi 2 blinking ACT LED at boot
How to find out the default init system of my raspbian?
Running a Java Swing GUI on start up
How to manually install dhcpcd?
Automatic shutdown of Pi Zero on low battery
Is this the correct usage of rsync to create a Raspberry Pi backup?
Clone Raspberry Pi SDCard to file on Mac OS X?
webiopi simple 3 wheeled robot, not functioning
Servo motor using wiring Pi problems
How to make a Raspberry Pi SD partition accessible from windows and raspbian?
Issue keeping attached HDD online
Server os for original Raspberry pi B+
Cannot access internet wlan0 WiFi Adapter
How to install node.js with GPIO
High CPU utilization from kblockd
Kodi won't start as "kodi" user
Raspistill: use existing photo to define shutterspeed and iso of new photo
Making input device for Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi A+ is saying WiFi is connected when it isn't
dchpcd[PID]: eth0: {IPV6} is unreachable, expiring it
Raspberry pi error while String piped to minimodem in python
Lighting 5050 led and learning to use SPI
install pm2 or nodemon or forever on raspberry pi2 ArmV7 raspbian
Wifi Hotspot problems with wifi driver
In Opencv, after padding zeroes the output image is like broken and stretched, but the same code works well in Windows. How could we resolve this?
Pi2 does not power up. Is there anything I can do?
Apt-Get Remove Does Not Fully Remove
Couldn't establish bluetooth connection with phone
Cannot deploy to Raspberry Pi from Visual Studio
Need to install a package without updating OR How to remote access RPi over the internet w/o updating RPi or using port forwarding
Can you connect multiple GPIO pins, to one ground pin?
DS18B20 w1-gpio Device Tree gpiopin NOT = 4
Does have Raspberry Pi enough performance for Computer vision process in c++
Kiosk mode, but URL from a file
Need a way to pull MAC Addresses from my Router for a "Who's Home" project
samba server - share root
Minimal projector for Raspberry Pi
How to make Zero-config networking with Avahi work on RPI2/Jessie without first joining network
minimal delay on waking monitor via GPIO/HDMI-CEC
How to connect Pi to 3G
WiFi adapter detects all Wifi Hotspots except WPA - Entreprise ones
how to use two rfid rc522 nfc tag reader with a raspberry pi?
Raspicam images are way too dark when raspistill is not used
Is UHS-I U1 or U3 a useful feature for a microSD on Raspberry Pi 2 B?
Raspberry Pi : listen online radio streaming
Programming MSP430 with Raspberry PI 2
AP and WiFi client at same time
Using avconv with os.system to create timelapse
Raspbian boot issues
CAN-bus board w MCP2515
Streaming iTunes Library from Raspberry Pi to AppleTV
Files on OS SD card
How can I connect the H-bridge L9110 with the Raspberry Pi?
Has the Raspberry Pi already been used to build a proprietary product?
Difference between .../thermal_zone0/temp and .../thermal_zone0/subsystem/thermal_zone0/temp?
Should I expect major differences between Raspbian and Ubuntu?
Turning off the blue status LED on the logitech C920 usb camera?
Ethernet not working because of power supply wire length
Streaming Audio From Raspberry Pi 2 to Bluetooth Speaker
Raspberry Pi 2 - power circuit
No HDMI Audio Until an Emulator (N64, SNES, etc...) initializes it
Easiest way to listen to analog connection?
Micro SD card overheats Raspberry Pi 2 Model B
Error The action "Run Shell Script" (Image to Card)" encountered an error
How to turn on 3G connection after reboot automatically?
Postfix/Dovecot Email Server (on Raspberry Pi) - Unable to configure POP3S connection with Gmail
PN532 Unable to wait for SPI data
Slow Hard Drive Speed
Securely Mounting LCD Display to Pi
How do i install Chromium on a Pi Zero?
Pi killing SD cards?
Raspberry Pi issues with Powerline Ethernet
Can the audio jack of the Raspberry Pi 2 play ultrasounds?
Using mopidy to stream audio to MPoD
Raspberry Pi showing 0 Available space
SD card is titled “RECOVERY” and only has 1GB after using RPi
Raspberry pi execution time calculated is different on the desktop terminal and command line?
Sound Quality: Does the choice of operating system or software affect quality of sound?
create a remote pc cheaply
RPI freeze with external HDD
Ultrasonic sensor code disambiguisation
Hostapd No such device
Unable to clean up mess surrounding `./usr/lib/gcc/arm-linux-gnueabihf/5' before installing another version: Read-only file system
Is there an official Raspberry Pi site for computer scientists?
How likely is SD card corruption?
What are the differences between the Model 2B and 3B?
linux-imag-?-dbg and linux-headers package missing
How to use the perf utility on raspbian?
OpenCV Installing (make) errors on /modules/objdetect/
i2cdetect shows all possible adresses
How do you compile a c++ programs to use Hard Float in Raspberry using Debian OS?
Modbus on Raspberry Pi
Volumio on Pi: Webserver for both WebUI and Cover-Art
Run a script on Raspbian startup but not on terminal open
Connecting relays to a Raspberry Pi via radio
omxplayer doesn't play audio when streaming
Network unreachable error + can't add Gateway IP
USB Drive I/O is Slow
Why my HDMI->DVI converter works only when powered from PC?
MMA845X accelerometer mapped at 1C
Unable to connect to Pi over SSH (no keyboard, no monitor)
'Zoom out' on 3.5 inch LED screen
Raspberry Pi 21, 22, and 80 Ports Acting Up
Raspberry Pi Mesh Network
Permission denied opening UDP socket with static IP
Speech to text conversion for Raspberry Pi 2
powering RPi from touch screen usb out
Virtualization on Pi 3 Raspbian
SPI module on Raspberry Pi 2 not working
How to use both USB Mic (in) and on-board sound (out)
Windows 10 IoT / Raspberry Pi 3
Raspberry Pi 3 vs Pi 2 power consumption and heat dissipation
Air-gapping the Raspberry Pi 3
MySQL 5.7 in Raspberry Pi 2
raspicam and uv4l-server as netcam on Motion
RejectedExecutionException in pi4j
Display device choice for bathroom mirror HUD (pi-zero)
Raspberry Pi Model B 3 Overclocking?
Questions about multi-boot
Does Pi3 Wi-Fi support 5 GHz and does it need an extra antenna?
Add an external antenna to a Pi 3
Will Tails OS work on Raspberry Pi 3?
Raspberry Pi 3 audio input?
Raspberry Pi 3 Web Browsing
Raspberry Pi USB Bus Speed
TypeError: __init__() takes at least 3 arguments (2 given)
Triggering two USB cameras connected with single Pi at the same time
Windows IoT core watcher empty
Connect ELM327 (WiFi interface) OBD-II scanner to Raspberry Pi
How can I fix this spidev time out error?
RT patch is freezing
Qobuz or Tidal streaming on Pi 2?
Using a Raspberry Pi as a "desktop" for a UHF RFID device
How fast can I read two analogue sensors using MCP3008 ADC?
Bluez 5.37 install problem
Low voltage and debounce issues in an industrial environment
What are the cooling requirements for Raspberry Pi 3?
Connecting to universities WPA2-Enterprise Wifi Network
Install libapache-mod-fastcgi on RPi 2
OpenELEC for Raspberry Pi 3
Performance of the Raspberry Pi 3
SSH into a running instance of an application
What is the Limit of the Broadcom Architecture?
Signal from Pi not recognized by DP monitor
How can I connect a Raspberry PI Zero to a Windows Computer via USB?
tmux not executing particular line
Powering multiple PI's with one power source
CENTOS7: Gnome Desktop for Pi2 (xorg-x11-server package Missing)
Setup pi before first boot
Running NWN1 (x86) on Pi 2
How to write an init script
What does libcofi do?
CUPS doesn't work
Raspi Vnc connection refused
Windows PC tether for internet connection over USB to micro USB without any adapters?
Problems with Kali on raspberry pi, plus some mac issues
Use different sound card for microphone vs audio output
Ultrasonic Sensor HC-SR04 Lag Problem (20Hz only) in PID control loop
How to include GStreamer 1.0 in Gtk2
How to determine why Raspberry Pi 2 restarted
Raid 1 using the same HD
Does the BCM43438 WiFi chip in Raspberry Pi 3 support "monitor" mode
Raspberry Pi will not Boot after some days of working
Python : determine which Raspberry Pi Model it is running on (etc)?
Ethernet port on Zero and A+?
How to make a distribution bootable on raspberry pi / package migration from 32-bit x86 Debian install?
Create a boot disk which can be SSH-ed into via WiFi
chmod not working on USB drive on Raspberry PI
import _tkinter # If this fails your Python may not be configured for Tk
Stream video from camera using ffserver?
Raspbian Recovery Mode withought NOOBS
How to write python to open the another program
UV4L MJPEG Streaming
Unable to Compile and Run Object Files on an RPi
Why are there only 2 overclock options when there's supposed to be 5?
Does the BCM43438 WiFi chip in Raspberry Pi 3 support power management setting?
How to enable Wi-Fi channel 12 on Raspberry Pi 3?
Is Ubuntu Snappy compatible with Raspberry Pi 3
Can not make directory on my USB disk connected Raspberry Pi 2?
Raspberry Pi 3 usable with fully free software?
remove Pi hut / adafruit adjustable PIR plastic cover
How to free the UART pins of Raspberry pi B+ from acting as a kernel console?
Read value from IR break beam
How do I output audio via USB?
BTSync update: 2.0.93 => latest
Pi3 wireless drivers
After upgrade to Jessie, crashes when external USB drive is connected
Running node.js script on start up
Controlling a water valve
unable to install 1-wire temperature sensor
Add own key=value pairs to config.txt to use it with vcgencmd get_config
Sub-process /usr/bin/dpkg returned an error code (1) on apt-get upgrade
Raspberry 3 - Boot From USB - but how?
Raid 1 and Owncloud
Eth0 doesn't keep it's settings after reboot
Maximum current on each GPIO pin for Raspberry Pi 3 Model B
Why is python3 stopping without an error message durring a spidev xfer2 call?
Cores on the Raspberry
Jessie in Kiosk mode on the Pi Zero, the proper way
Unable to reconfigure locale in raspberry pi
Can't mount volume encrypted with aes-xts-plain64 after upgrading to Jessie
Raspberry Pi 3 - eth0 wrongfully named 'enx...'
Send and receive 868Mhz radio signals
HifiBerry DAC+ or Digi+?
Raspberry Pi 3 - internal Wifi wont connect to network
Screen is not working please help ;-;
How to download Iceweasel
RPi2 starts but no display
Can I Install Debian 64 bit on RPi 3
HC-SR04 ultrasonic sensor reading becomes highly unusable when PWM is active
How to set-up HOSTAPD?
Raspberry Pi-2 with mainline Linux kernel
Raspi Pi connect to TV not HDMI-CEC ready: What can I do to make my remote control work?
Audio input to Raspberry Pi
What could be causing "over-current change" all the sudden?
Running multiple servers at the same time
Raspberry Pi 3 micro SD card speed
Linux headers generic package not found
Pi 1 B, Jessie Lite, SPI doesn`t work
Dnsmasq DHCP Server Not Assigning IP Address
Weird SSH behaviour
Pi 2, keyboard/mouse not recognized through USB hub
Sonar & Rotary Encoder processes running at the same time, in the background (multithreading? subprocesses? asynchronous?)
Circuit to Interface 12v DC motor with raspberry pi2 using L293d ic for Forward,reverse,Stop function
Sending files (Documents, videos etc.) Raspi to Raspi
Make sure serial data sent
How well can you run OS X on a Raspberry Pi 3?
Bluetooth Devices List not being remembered on reboot
Missing Microsoft IoT Extension SDK in Visual Studio 2015
Raspberry Pi 2 doesn't boot correctly
Connection between multiple Rasp Pi based on win10 IoT
FFMPEG from Raspberry Pi to YouTube plays too fast, then buffers?
What is the maximum number of modules I can connect to Raspberry Pi 2
Interfacing DS18B20 sensor to Raspberry pi in long distance
How do I to get a Raspberry Pi IRC server to work?
Local apt mirror just for a single release
Wi-Fi Setup Raspberry Pi 3 with WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) not working
How to connect to my isolated RPi
web.skype.com for Raspberry Pi Zero
Scraping game info in RetroPie
i2cdetect on Raspberry Pi kernel 4.1.18-v7+ takes 115 seconds
PWM - What does pwmSetClock() and pwmSetRange() mean?
Is it possible and reasonable to use a i386 rpm driver on Raspbian?
Using the uv4l driver to stream and record to a file simultaneously
BLE alternatives to Beacon transmitter - Pi2
Does RPi 3 have the same bandwidth for ethernet and USB?
I couldn't use apt to update, upgrade and install on raspberry wheezy
Disable WiFi (wlan0) on Pi 3
Headless on RPi - checking boot screen messages for jackd
SSH hung after entering password just when using wlan and disconect eth0
Using Pi 2 as feedthrough of mouse/keyboard to computer
Cross compiling cross-compiler for Raspberry Pi
Connection to/from Pi 2 very slow
Ffmpeg Piping output to pifm
How do I change runlevel on model 3
How to remotely access a database on the Raspberry Pi?
How to read data from arduino with raspberry pi via I2C
Do I need to use a heat sink?
Drawing 0.6A from one usb port on Pi3?
Connect via SSH to the main display active terminal
facing problem with keyboard, buttons exchanged
Preventing my rasberry pi 2 from routing traffic over the internet
Car Parking Management using Raspberry Pi
Error to make libfacerec-0.04
Pi 3 Boot with UART console
PWR LED is off for a specific power supply but everything works fine. Does this indicate a problem?
Raspberry Pi 3 Polyfuse rating?
Could not identify manufacturer of Pi TFT LCD screen
Wiping SD card won't work
Why is the Raspberry Pi Camera Shutter Speed Limited to 2 Seconds
How to Copy files Off a Raspberry Pi
Screen resolution
Apache web-server interface to schedule GPIO tasks
Problem installing Bluetooth Dongle on Raspberry Pi 2 running Windows 10 IOT Core
Cannot perform echo command to load driver for rtc module
Which GPIOs are OUTPUT and HIGH at startup?
How do I make a device tree overlay for just a single GPIO?
GPS from cell tower/GPRS to Pi
How to use UV4L to realize WebRTC on Raspberry Pi？
Does BCM43438 Wireless chip in Raspberry Pi 3 support ad-hoc networking?
Connecting GPS Breakout to Pi
how to control 12v 600ma motor using raspberry pi
Cannot SSH to my Raspberry Pi over Wi-Fi
Problem with playing live video on YouTube on Raspberry Pi model B
Can I use the SD Card with which I have installed OS as an external storage device ?? If yes, is the stack for it inbuilt?
startx: command not found
Google cloud messaging on Raspberry Pi
DC Current Monitor (Datalogging)
Can This UPS(UNINTERRUPTIBLE POWER SUPPLY) Run a Raspberry Pi for 24hours?
Florence virtual keyboard won't start
How to run HostAPD?
Problem with DHCP on wlan
What is the operating humidity of the RasPi?
why has ssh stopped working on my raspberry pi?
Physical on off switch to digital
Raspberry Pi VNC no action from keyboard or mouse
How to connect to L2TP/IPSec VPN server?
Automatically running a python script after boot
Can Raspberry Pi B+ run Kodi efficiently?
Is there a library for neural networks that works with the Pi?
Raspberry Pi 3 Bluetooth
Booting a Raspberry Pi from an Encrypted SD Card
Windows 10 Core IoT Insider Preview 10.0.14279.1000 Bluetooth support
Using GPU to decode QRCODE
USB driver for HP C4280
Setting up the RPi in a VM beforehand
CP2112 USB->I2C bridge not appearing in /dev
Raspbian moving to 64-bit mode
I2C not working on RPi 2 B
Install GPS Receiver - GP-735
Max current from 3.3v power pins (for RPi model B+) - Higher Than You Were Told!
How to locate files for GPSD in Raspbian?
Raspbian Jessie LUKS Encryption?
Raspberry Pi3 Bluetooth
Is it possible to use Raspberry Pi as keyboard/mouse/joystick to control a Windows PC?
Can't Connect via SSH
Can I use my raspberry pi 2 OS for raspberry pi 3 directly?
Can my pi 3 be damaged by cutting the power suddenly?
Raspberry Pi Sense HAT on Rpi 3?
Windows IoT RPi3 Install Error
How to use the Pi as an Access Point?
Problems with OpenGL driver
mencoder Raspbian Jessie
No video output on Raspberry Pi Zero, LED flashing
gstreamer video output on pi framebuffer without X
External hard drive shutting down?
USB to LAN adapter not recognized on boot
'xeyes' : how to start 'undecorated' : and at boot?
Raspberry Pi 3 home automation project
Wi-Fi on RPi3 not working
Control PWR and ACT LEDs on Raspberry Pi 2 B from Python
How do I install the Android Debug Bridge (ADB) on a Raspberry Pi?
Jessie: RPi 2 - USB audio input does not work (output works)
How can I mount image file in Raspbian?
Zero unused blocks on a scheduled basis?
Switch to newer kernel installed via .dpkg
can (and how do) android and pi intergrate?
After power outage, my NAS drive isn't automounting
can i connect this to the header?
I am looking to control an inverter with Raspberry PI
Run node.js app at startup
On the Raspberry Pi 2 Model B, Where do I plug the Energenie module?
Can only ping through access point, no browsing
I can't get three LED lights to turn off and on in an order
My Raspberry Pi loads up and I can see the colorful screen, but I am not able to see anything after that
NGINX and uWSGI work but don't begin at startup
Raspbian Jessie Lite doesn't boot
omxplayer alternative or subtitle support
Having trouble installing Raspbian
Using GPIO pins 14 and 15 as general purpose
Raspberry Pi cannot create temp file for here-document: No space left on device
DHT22 temp sensor. Randomly dropping
Universal serial bus Flash drive
Turning WiFi Access Point ON/OFF
Scoring a Higher Baud Rate in Serial Pi to Pi Communication
Processed live video via Ethernet transfer
Raspberry pi 3 - why the FAT partition?
Raspberry Pi 3 not booting
Settings partition on eject menu
How do I install Apache2 and PHP without the internet connection?
Changing the user and directory in Apache
How do you stream to a bluetooth speaker?
What is the power supply protection on the Raspberry Pi 3?
Can Raspberry Pi 3 do 4K Video?
Raspberry Pi 2 SoC support in Linux 4.5
Long distance file transmison
DS18B20 temperature sensor not working on Raspberry Pi 2 Model B
Can't Emulate Raspbian Jessie on QEMU 2.1.2 (Debian)
What is the state of accelerated 3D and 2D graphics on RPi Zero?
After I installed raspbian, it did not ask for default login. It goes straight to desktop
Wireless issues headlessly setting up Pi Zero
sudo apt-get update Not working
Can the Raspberry Pi 3 be used to create an iBeacon?
Can a Raspberry Pi handle 2 external HDDs and a keyboard/mouse?
Dual booting a Linux and Windows OS
Upgraded from Pi2 to Pi3 - Internal wireless adapter isn't working
How to make my raspberry pi download my files at specific time?
Youtube TV - HTML 5
Upgrade fails at unpacking perl
Who owns /var/log/tor logs? Can`t start tor
Verified 4G USB dongles
Windows IoT: Deployment on RaspberryPi 2 gets ignored
Is audio card necessary for audio input from USB webcam?
NXP XTRINSIC-SENSE-BOARD using C
Ethernet set up for VNC
How can I control the red LED again
Run something after login
Connection guide for GT-511C3 Fingerprint Scanner and Raspberry Pi 2 Model B
How to use remote debugging on RaspPi using PyCharm with X11 forwarding
RPi 2 and 3.95 TFT ili9488
Host Unreachable until I send some pings
WiFi country code resetting
Switch between AP and client mode
Raspberry Pi Apache Server and Force HTTP
How should I connect a pH electrode to my Raspberry Pi 2?
USB ports stop working after a week, needs restart
Could not write pid to lock file
Can't reach port 9050
Rpi 2 wont start after 3.3v and 0v short
Installing Google Chrome
WNDA3100 Drivers
What is the best method to convert analog to digital as well as level shift the signal?
GStreamer H264 UDP stream from RPi Cam to Windows 7 Machine Hangs, "Network is Unreachable"?
Pi unbootable after restoring image to SD card
Shuffle function
OSMC Direct Title Playing Via SSH Command
Problems with network configuration
Raspbian migration from Raspberry Pi 2 to Raspberry Pi 3
Is there a way I can install matlab support on Raspbian through command line and access it through matlab?
Pi Crashes After Reboot
Pi as wireless extender
startx through SSH gives 'not autorized error' although 'allowed_users=console' is set
Exteral HDD problems
Raspberry Pi Zero and USB camera Issue
Raspberry Pi 3 isn't finding WiFi Networks
Geting errors with c++ using opencv on raspberry Pi
Pi 3 unable to resolve host address
Raspberry Pi 3 Cannot Find SD Card After First Boot
switching between multiple keyboard layouts
Reading 'Weird' Serial Communication GPIO
SPI: Raspberry PI master and Arduino slave
How do I reach my pi once I've set a static ip address
Default gateway gone after restart
sudo apt-get update error
RPi 2 GPIO LED wont turn off!
Forwarding audio signal through GPIO
LCD-32 3.2 TFT no longer works after kernel update
Berryboot and adding partitions
Raspbian Jessie SystemD service - How to not depend on Networking
RaspBerry PI 2B loses ethernet connection
Can not use GPIO pins when Official Raspberry Pi screen is connected
Preparing MicroSD card for Raspberry Pi 2
Over 20 Independent Buttons to Single Raspberry Pi with timer
Having trouble with audio through the 3.5mm jack on the Raspberry Pi 2
Connection refused when trying to control remotely
Error when installing OpenCV on RaspberryPi 3
Raspberry Pi 3 Windows IoT Core
Raspberry Pi 2 Pin once set to high does not return to low
How to install OpenCV 3 on Raspbian Jessie
Windows 10 IoT reduces the disk size to 64MB.
Is it possible to run Raspberry Pi 3 with a 64-bit kernel and 32-bit user space?
X Server Not Starting on Raspbian Jessie
Audio sampling using SPI interface
java code help for temperature sensor(DHT11)
What can make DHCP fail?
Raspberry Pi 3 can only click on current application. Can't click on toolbar
Using Raspberry Pi with XBee
Create network if one doesn't exist
Trying to install W10-IoT on my new RP3-B.
How can I get Belkin N600 DB adapter to work on Raspberry Pi?
Using I2S microphone with Raspberry Pi
using python 3 to code for a LED
How to get Chromium on raspberry 3
Is there diagnostic software to perform a general health check of RPi components?
Raspberry Pi 2: Using WiFi on BerryBoot
Is it possible to build a raspberry pi video player that connects to a TV via composite ports?
Raspberry pi causing network to disconnect from internet
pigpio: PWM range for quadcopter ESC(electronic speed controller) command
Cannot install Apache2 on my Raspberry pi
Raspberry Pi randomly crashes due to python script
Eleduino 1024x600 IPS HDMI Capacitive touchscreen shows only line patterns?
Can't access gpio with sudo, still have Make sure program is run as root with sudo
opencv raspicam configuration C++ Example
Polling GPIO pin from C, always getting immediate response
Camera suddenly stopped working on B+, still works on Rpi 2
How does the ultrasonic sensor HC-SR04 work?
How to Create shortcut that appends text to /boot/config.txt
I deleted /lib How can I get it back?
How to connect a Raspberry PI 3 to USB TTY cable
Detecting 5V output from USB charger via Raspberry Pi
Does WiFi on the Pi 3 reduce the Ethernet bottleneck when using USB device?
Accessing Excel sheet using python in Raspbian
Current concerns regarding Raspberry Pi
Why can't the Pi 3 receive FM radio by itself?
Is the Raspberry Pi 2 Model B or B+ case compatible with the Raspberry Pi 3?
Can I run Octave by using Raspbian jessie lite os image on Raspberry pi b?
Peripherals not working after install of Raspbian
Can't send data from the Raspberry Pi via rs485 and serial port
Send values through POST each X minutes to a server
Forwarding data between NICs on Raspberry PI
Cron not call sh script
Understanding the top command %idle value
Ultimate GPS hat gets a lock, but no data shows on ttyAMA0
Cannot save changes to config file in /etc/kbd/config
KODI and analog audio
Having an issue with Bluetooth Manager/Pairing on the Pi
Where can I find Raspberry pi 3 complete data sheet
Lost all file changes after reboot
How does Raspbian Jessie set the hostname during system startup?
Using RX, TX pins with IoT Core
How can make a wireless connection between two Raspberry Pi in distance of 500 meters?
Vagrant on Raspberry Pi
Installation of Safari on a RPI 3 model B
Strange rebooting on RPi 3
Bluetooth AutoConnect on reboot , car setup with scripts
Jessie: v4l2 streaming works with RPi 1B+, but not with 2B or 3B
Playing various video formats in Raspbian on an RPi 3 B
SSH to Raspberry Pi Remotely
How can I confirm if my audio output is defective (on RPi3)?
Bridging wlan0 and eth0 with pi 3 on Raspbian Jessie
FTP file upload
how to change kernel zImage for raspberry pi
raspbian - sudo apt-get update not working
Pi 2 Raspian @ on keyboard not working
No display output from Raspberry Pi 3
No space on 8gb usb stick shows 100% du shows 3.5mb
Unable to boot with RPi2 from a USB stick
How to save files from RPi 2 to USB stick ( vfat )?
Can not save sources.list
FreeBSD and Raspberry Pi 3
Unable to mount USB on startup
USB camera with new Pi 3
Raspbian Jessie and OpenCV 2.4.9 "get_buffer() failed (-12 (nil))" error
Long distance use of an RPi 3 B
Raspberry Pi Business use VS Personal use
No signal from MCP3008 to RPi 3 using Python
How to use internet using PPPD and SIM800 GSM addon?
openvpn client setup
Do these results demonstrate hardware accelerated crypto is enabled?
Pi3 Lirc problem
Connect Android to raspberrypi to use it as Camera
Raspberry Pi Connect to PC via Ethernet
Raspberry pi camera module libavformat
GPIO status after python code is closed
How to add ppa entries manually on Raspberry Pi
Unable to mount NAS
What areas of the Raspberry Pi are useful to analyze with an oscilloscope?
Making Raspberry Pi 3 a wifi hotspot
Can I use a relay board safely without an external power source?
Packager forgot my files
Dual boot for the rpi
w1-gpio issue with Waveshare 5" LCD touchscreen and Pi 2
bdaddr is not changing my Bluetooth MAC address
Looking for a simple RaspberryPi keyboard with USB hub to connect mouse to
How to build a directional antenna for a Raspberry Pi
GPIO output working, but not?
Raspbian Jessie Static IP Config
uart interbyte time too long
Move a raspberry disk image from sd card to .img file with only linux and boot partitions. Not the empty space!
How to save video from usb webcam in Raspberry Pi by simulink?
Python script stopped writing to file overtime
Raspberry Pi 2 model B green led is blinking 8 times
R-pi Booting Issue
Playing MPEG files?
Anyone know if there's a way to re-purpose Nexus 4 parts to use with Raspberry Pi?
How to get RISCOS running on Raspberry Pi 3?
Noobs won't boot on my PI2 - Debian image works fine
Can I control a DC 3-6v Gear Motor without any driver?
Getting video to work on RPi 2 model B
"/usr/bin/ld: cannot find -ljvm" error when trying to install javabridge
Running a Script 5 Mins After Bootup
Pi 3 WiFi with airmon-ng
Screen APP - Using a Cellular as a screen
Pi 3 does not boot
Install Webmin on my Raspberry Pi 3 B Stops
False positive press of a button
Set external usb mixer as default
Can't start Transmission as user Pi
Drawing 5V from USP Pico when Raspberry not powered
How to give web server (Apache) privileges to execute shell commands
Issues with Sunfounder relay board
Unable to link Bluetooth keyboard to Pi 3
Raspberry Pi 3 first boot issues
Add your own bash commands?
Jasper on RaspberryPi2 not starting
How to secure my offline Raspberry Pi LAMP server against manipulation and copying?
Pi 3 has Wi-Fi country code reset problems
Monitor data sent to 74HC595
How to run an installed program that is not in the main menu?
Can PaPiRus serve as normal display for Raspberry Pi? (ePaper / eInk Screen HAT)
How does the Arduberry work?
GPIO expansion and screen - First project questions
Is there a way to use Raspberry Pi for a pinball machine?
Can I connect Raspberry Pi to laptop screen?
avahi-daemon fails to start at start-up
Where has all my free space gone?
Why do I have so many RAM disks?
How can I install the bootloader manually?
wiringPi cleanup command
Ethernet port acts weird
Shell_exec is not working!
In-Car Distance Tracker
Why does audio playback seem to depend on GPU memory?
USB Hub to power 8 Pis
Increasing image processing speed in Raspberry Pi
Why do I need to run SSH first before RasPi2 running Raspbian Jessie can work normally
What is this strange rectangle?
Raspberry Pi on an airplane?
Static IP address problem
How do I make “startx iceweasel” launch full-screen?
Use a program on a Raspberry Pi without an OS
Pi power from a PC?
Error when execute sudo vi /etc/modules
How to transmit a binary bit stream from a GPIO pin?
Pi hangs when booting
Can't install iceweasel on RPi3 using apt-get or aptitude - Failed to fetch
How to find out my Raspberry Pi IPv6 address in local area network?
Aggregate multiple internet connections
Unable to execute WebIOPi
RasPi sees keyboard but does not accept input
how to save IP address of raspberry pi to a text file
Issue setting up Wi-Fi on Raspberry Pi 2 (Model B)
Error in installing i2c-tools
Windows IoT application on Raspberry Pi - scheduled application restart?
Cannot loop mount Raspbian backup image after running raspi-config
dual usb power supply for 2 rpi
Expanding a File System on BerryBoot
Access Windows 10 IoT partition on SD card
How to connect landline phone
MySQL 5.7 on Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi and Arduino Notification System
Connecting a 16-channel relay to my Pi
How to set pull up/down resistors in a kernel module
Raspbian - problem installing mplayer-gui
Updated Raspbian Wheezy and now some services don't start on boot
Create WiFi Access Point with Hostapd
WEP with Raspberry Pi 2 (Model B)?
Where can I find a python example for the Parallax MS5607 Altimeter?
Cannot ssh to or from Raspberry PI 3
How to know register for I2C communication in pi
Pi3 onboard wifi disappeared, possible hw failure?
Connect more than 6 DAC using Raspberry Pi 2
config.txt : Hostname
Running Node.js with Forever
9 bit serial communication and parity error detection
Where can I get FULL mechanical drawings of Pis?
How to install Tor on Raspbian such that I get an icon?
How to create a Raspberry Pi Zero chip at home?
UV4L MJPEG stream gets stuck after a while
SSH to Kali on Raspi doesn't accept the password
Full CentOS 7 image for Raspberry Pi 2 B?
Why are one wire temperature sensor readings so slow?
How can I remove a one wire temperature sensor
No audio out from Raspberry Pi Zero HDMI output
How much current can I draw from each model's HDMI socket?
Getting the active source via HDMI-CEC doesn't seem to work
Can the Pi 3's internal Wi-Fi chip act as an Access Point?
Operating system for Raspberry Pi
Garbage on Raspberry Pi console
Linux headers in Raspbian Jessie
Why doesn't the Picamera suffer from a CPU interrupt made by linux?
iPhone music sync
Python Face Recognizer Error
Raspberry Pi 3 software compatibility
Terminal Block Power Supply
Video transmisson using NRF24L01+?
Changing default Wi-Fi interface [command line]/automatic one with best connection
Sharing Laptop WLAN through Ethernet with a Raspberry Pi
No sound over HDMI with WindowsIoT icw Pi3
Building a WAN emulator
"chmod u+w config.txt" results in "Operation not permitted."
Raspbian wpa_supplicant problem
.pwd: Invalid argument and Illegal Instruction errors
PiTft problems see below for more info
Raspberry Pi HDMI not Working
Crontab inexplicably restored to default
How can I run my windows application on Raspberry Pi2.?
how to measure length
How to enable WebGL in the electron browser?
RPI Router DHCP Offers delayed by many minutes
Using GPIO to emulate another device
Enter key not registering on other computers
Using /etc/rc.local to execute an .exe
Space of filesystem on SD card used for a Raspberry Pi
`arm_freq` in config.txt on Raspberry Pi 3 model B
Raspberry Pi 3 SD card not 'clickling'
Created 1.2GB PI partition, but WinImage makes a 5.2GB image when I backup
How to upgrade bluez to 5.37
Raspbian won't boot when hard drive is connected
Raspberry Pi 3 onboard Wifi only slow bitrates
Raspbian installation fails: Bad archive mirror
Connecting Airmar 200WX to Raspberry Pi
Using the Raspberry Pi to build consumer products
execute cpp code written with visual studio on the Raspberry Pi 2
Email Notification on RPi_2
Script not running in Motion
Access Raspberry pi from remote network
Why do the USB ports and Ethernet port share the same controller?
Can I use a DHT22 sensor with the servo hat installed on my RPi-3?
How to disable DMA when using UART on the Raspberry Pi 2
Loud click when playing sound files
Install Chromium on Ubuntu MATE (Raspberry Pi)
MOSH shell and Raspberry Pi - cannot connect
4 way infrared sensor board interfacing with Raspberry
i2c problem on Raspberry pi2 running Raspbian Jessie
Cannot mount raspberry pi's sd card
Solder USB to Raspberry Pi 2
Raspberry Pi 3 - No Wifi
Set up C-media USB soundcard for microphone input on Raspberry Pi 2 with Raspbian Jessie
sense hat sample "snake" returns "event device not found" error
Use raspberry pi 3 on-board wifi module with Windows 10 IoT
Copying files from the Raspberry Pi to a USB drive
Green LED never lights up
Error: Couldn't resolve host
VPN for gaming using Raspberry Pi/any other hardware for Civ 5
How did this ruin my pi?
Amazon Basics Powered USB Hub not Powering Pi 2
Can't connect to Pi on local network via hostname.local on Windows
1000 GPIO Pins Microcontroller
Can Raspberry Pi 2 connect to a printer directly via ethernet?
Wireless Mac Keyboard Acts Sporadic, PI3
Amazon Basics USB Hub, disable Backpower?
Create a script that connects to network and if it fails fallbacks to ad-hoc network
Is there any way of setting an android tab to act as a raspberry pi keyboard through a usb to micro usb cable?
error in sending e-mail on motion detecting
Bluetooth audio without pulse?
Qt 5.5 application using usb device as keyboard and hidraw
Why my RPI in showing black screen and two icons?
RPi 3 SSH error- Destination host unreachable on Kali Linux
Raspberry pi 3 analogue (headphone jack) audio output and usb microphone as input
Bluetooth import for Python Raspberry Pi 3
RPi 2 boot stucks at rainbow color screen
Raspberry Pints will not unzip or transfer from computer
How to read a long int via i2c?
GPIO Output Backwards
Kali Linux Wifi Monitor Mode
Emulation Station set up
ITEAD PN532 on Pi 3 with libnfc
Is it possible to use External Accessory Framework to make iOS device a console?
World Record Raspberry Pi
Retropie USB Gamepad not configured
How Can I Properly Ground My RPI To Avoid Static Interference?
Remmina client connect from RPI to Windows 10 Home
Raspbian Auto Login
What OS's work on the Pi-top?
Cant record 16bit 16000 Hz audio in Java (Raspberry Pi 3)
How to Program for an Atlas Scientific Temperature and pH probe
How to get xbox 360 wired controller in retropie to control Kodi
Cannot keep a device connected via Bluetooth
AWS IoT on Win 10 IoT
Is there any limit for micro SD card size in PI3?
Install Newer Node Version on Pi 3
How to browse the internet using Epiphany web browser
forwarding ports from eth0 to wlan0
What happens if I put 3.9V into the GPIO Pin?
Samba installation nightmare
Set multiple static ip in dhcpcd.conf - Raspbian 8 (jessie)
NFS transfer speed Raspberry Pi 2 vs 3
Unable to install SimpleCV on Raspberry Pi 3
how to use the microSD adapter?
Adafruit DHT22 measurement problem
how to stop adafruit-webide service from autostarting
Install NFS server
Start python script at startup using SYSTEMD in RPI jessie
RPi GPIO initial working but output not
PiCamera Multiple Video File Recording H264
How to install hhvm in raspberry pi 3
Google Voice to Raspberry Pi
Why won't my Raspberry Pi display?
Update time again with terminal or Bash after bootup
Raspberry Pi Won't Login
Can I plug GPIO pins directly to a breadboard?
How to set up KODI (OpenELEC) for any remote to control the media player
Microphone via SPI
How to Check GPIO pins simultaneously?
sudo does not require password
Cannot find device "wlan0"
Slow Boot: Ethernet Wait
Auto-login on desktop no working method found yet
Controlling/switching on/off devices via relay board
What could account for different behavior over ssh vs local
802.11ac and 802.11n at 5GHz on Raspberry Pi with Windows IoT
Installing rethinkdb/ any diff. equivalent db
Omxplayer failing on Raspberry pi 3 with Jessie OS
Is the Raspberry Pi safe
A simple display for Raspberry Pi 2 B+
Control Raspberry Pi with Android app over Wi-Fi
Hotspot for ssh control at boot
SuperTuxKart and 0 A.D. in Retropie
How to connect 6 pin connector to Pi 2
RPi 3 ad-hoc network to configure WiFi credentials
Connect to Raspberry PI 3 over Wi-Fi direct
RetroPie | Display main screen on vnc viewer
which is the correct why installing python-openssl on rpi getting error unable to locate package python-openssl
Samba + Mac = Problems
Raspberry Pi 3: wrong tx-power in iwconfig
Kernel panics on Raspberry Pi 3 after update/upgrade cycle
VNC: GDBus Error:org freedesktop.PolicyKit1 Error.Failed; An Authentication agent already exixts for the given subject
Connect raspberry pi to 20 arduinos
Expected time to complete dd operation for restoring RetroPie image to microSD?
Can the code running on Rpi1 run on Rpi2?
raspberry camera module cannot be opened with device ID
Cannot connect to raspberry pi using ethernet cable and putty
How to read voltage using expander pi?
Raspbian Jessie and an Xbee
What can Raspberry Pi do that my Linux desktop can't
How do I access the serial ports on the RPi in LXterminal?
Using Raspberry Pi 2 B with Pan Tilt and OpenCV 3.0.0 for the 1st Time
How to configure and select USB Microphone
PN532 in Raspberry Pi 3 is not working
Can I forward/mapping remote /dev/gpiomem to local
How to uninstall python apps?
125 kHz USB RFID
Add extra partition in Raspberry pi memory card
Cannot SFTP into Retropie
Can't connect via SSH to Raspberry pi 3
How to kill startup script?
Safe to solder directly onto Pi GPIO pins?
NOOBS doesn't work! The worst! (My research!)
Python console works - but file isn't for Pi-3 camera
Setting up RPi 2 Model B on Windows 10
Login automatically as root at startup
Trying to use serial devices with webIOPi
How to connect multiple Pi Zero ethernet gadgets to a Pi 2?
Cannot boot up initially
How do I make serial work on the Raspberry Pi3 , Pi3B+, PiZeroW
need help getting the pi to work as a bluetooth source
How to Get Device Name of my Raspberry Pi2
Running 64 bit Ubuntu on the Raspberry Pi 3
Disable or catch touch screen events
Laptop and Pi directly connected via LAN cable, how to make the Pi give the Laptop a static IP without setting it on the Laptop?
Differences between Pi's made by different manufacturers?
The purpose of the orange tape on the HDMI connector
touch screen not working
Packet radio (modem)
YouTube error with XBMC Kodi
raspberry camera module feed is slow with Opencv using v4l2
Blinking PWR when not enough current available?
Max SPI transfers / sec speed using WiringPi
Is there an Raspberry Pi OS designed for a small screen
Is Raspbian signal(2) handling persistent or non-persistent?
Connecting to enterprise network wpa_supplicant
Latest BerryBoot 2.0 Bluetooth issues
Windows 10 IoT to play videos?
C Program compilation problem
hostapd status active(exited)
SSH file transfer between Pi 2 Model B and Windows 10 computer
PiCam Not Working (At All)
How to drive two stepper motors simultaneously
ifup wlan0 error messages with Edimax EW-7811Un 802.11n Wireless Adapter [Realtek RTL8188CUS]
Too Zoomed In On HDMI
Pygame from command line vs GUI
how to conect raspberry standard monitor to the pi?
How to simulate Ubuntu ARM image on Raspberry Pi with Virtualbox?
linux system file writes to flash card, efficiency and flash endurance
Which Miniconda version should I use with Raspberry Pi 3?
Multi Display configured to cube like format?
current and voltage sensors for the raspberry pi
How to run a Raspiban in QEMU
New OpenGL Driver Sleeps on HDMI output
My rpi connects multiple times to the router
How to install OpenCV3 for Python 3 on Raspberry Pi 3?
Raspberry Pi Model 3 Overclocking Settings?
"Failed to open video device /dev/video0 no such file or directory" with normal working usb camera in motion
Read Supplied Power to Raspberry Pi
Black screen after boot
Kodi update for complete novice
How can I set 100 kHz on Raspberry 2 SCLK pin?
GPIO pin Status
Micro SD card slot on Pi 2
how to keyboard setup in raspbery?
How do I unzip a file?
Python script will not write to file when run on boot
Python: Use SPI with WiringPi
Unable to run upgrade on Raspbian
Looking for lab test results for the PI's random number generator
How to transfer files from PC desktop app (written using nw.js) to Raspberry Pi?
Finding /dev Mount Point for Sensor
Removing Chromium B.S.U
network does not see my Rpi 2b
I want to use a common power supply to pi and sensors BME280 and BMA180 (sensor modules). Is it possible?
Problem about installing mysql in my raspberry Pi 2
Pi3 built-in WiFi and buildroot
Raspbian fails to boot after fresh install
Razer Kraken with Pi 2
Boot up issue with SD card
Where can I find the documentation for the BCM2837?
HC-05 Bluetooth with Raspberry Pi
Hacknet on Raspberry Pi 2
Why can't I connect to the index page of WebIOPi?
How to wait for networking on login after reboot?
Lots of static on RPi2
raspberry pi 2 is unable to read input from PCF8591
remote into Rpi get a wall of text how to remove?
How to monitor and analyze screenshots from multiple Raspberry Pi kiosks?
RF Transmitter and Receivers for Raspberry Pi
Windows 10 IoT and other OSes on NOOBS install list
Why does the Sense Hat / Astro Pi show the wrong temperature and humidity?
Could my RPi overheat in the summer?
GStreamer video on DSI screen without X
How i can boot Raspbian from USB?
Can I use Win apps on Win IoT on RPi3?
fidisk is successful but partitions do not change
Crontab on Rpi not running Python script
When a device says it's "Linux-compatible," does that mean it is compatible with Raspbian?
How to properly use suid on bash scripts?
What Raspberry Pi should I buy?
Launching applications from GPIO button presses via a python script
Disabling Hat EEPROM scan
Does the RPi support hardware virtualization?
How tp get USB to USB UART console without linux
Is it possible to let my rPi connect to a Wifi with a given SSID without a monitor, keyboard, mouse and LAN?
erroneous pipeline error on rpi camera moodule with gstreamer 1.0 with vp8enc and rtpvp8pay
Rpi2 image on a Rpi3: Module spi-bcm2708 not found
Python script using SPI as a service on boot
Why does my RasPi Model B (256 MB) have low voltage?
Is there way get the GPU-load average per second?
Kernel Panic on Raspberry Pi 2 on the 2. boot
DHCP on USB0 of Pi Zero not working
Is my RPi3 damaged? [IT'S WORKING NOW]
Multiple questions about power and USB hubs
Error while using IMAPClient "ImportError : No module named imapclient"
New Touchscreen Project - GPIO or HDMI
No wireless interfaces
Trouble receiving UART data?
Record 1280x720 Video at > 3 Frames per seconds
Is it possible to host Discourse in a Raspberry 3?
Failed to set up alexa on rpi3. I get just one final error at the end despite build successful
Black frame around 1080p screen
Finding workgroups on a network
Get device names of connected clients to the router on Pi
Will this ODroid-C1 3,2" touch screen work with Raspberry 2?
How to turn power off on 5V dc gpio pin with python
Raspbian graphical login screen stuck! Can't login!
Using external cellphone backup battery as "UPS" for Pi?
RPi 3 NAS vs WD EX4 vs old Desktop
Hat for shutting down the Pi with a button
PIR Sensor Consistent False Positives
Wire raspberry pi tft display, so as to keep the GPIO pins available for use
Launch RetroPie from Pygame script on PiTFT?
Is it possible to use any virtualization technique with the Raspberry Pi 3?
Running Multiple Programs at once
Has anyone managed to run Raspberry Pi 3 with KVM enabled?
Is there a breathing sensor for the Pi?
Kodi doesn't play all formats.
How to automatically run a python application on boot to desktop?
Issues with first-time boot of OpenELEC on RPi1
Brightness control or toggle of backlight on ads7846 TFT touchscreen?
How can i set up a point to point connection over wifi, without a router or pre existing network?
Does omxplayer have a silent mode?
Taskbar flashing white after firmware update (4.4.7v7+)
Play music from raspberry pi to pc
Show mouse x11vnc server
Detect milisecond on hardware
Very Cheap Camera Module or Lens for Raspberry Pi
Why after adding GPIO.cleanup to my code it still show the GPIO channel warning?
Raspberry pi as vr headset
How do I update Java 8 in Raspbian
Is there a drone kit that connects to a raspberry pi?
"sudo python anyfile.py" not working in LXTerminal
voice communication between Raspberry pi and PIC through UART
Running a CoAP client on Raspberry Pi
Compiling git: Unable to find remote helper for 'https'
Unable to install an SD card with usb-creator-gtk, unetbootin and dd
Raspberry Pi 2B not powering up
What games can be run on the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B
Controlling an Arduino UNO from Raspberry Pi 3 (Controlling not programming)
How to stop auto program raspberry pi
Open RTSP stream from IP camera and save video files to NAS
What kernel modules and other setup are needed for using the RPi3 built in Wi-Fi?
LED on gpio from old pc
Blank Gui screen, mouse pointer ONLY!
How to solve `Segmentation fault` error on every sudo action?
How to communicate between Pi 3 and an Arduino using UART from GPIO?
Using a wifi adapter with the raspberry pi
Can I use a SMPS for powering pi and sensors connected to it
How do I know which USB device is my device?
Why is my Raspberry Pi not using swap space?
Activate virtual environment and run python script on RPi startup
Raspberry Pi 3 getting hot
SoC/CPU and Ethernet controller internal connection in Raspberry Pi 3
control external peripherals over serial from Raspberry Pi 3
Composite video out not working
Rpi 3B no HDMI output
Powering up a WS2812 led strip with different power supplies
Green Tint Raspberry Pi Camera Outside
My Kodi was working fine then it stopped working.
LAMP Server Questions
Connecting a Raspberry Pi 3 to Intel IoT Analytics
rPI access point devices can't see upnp devices, but can access by ip. Missing iptable or incorrect interface setup?
RPi 3 WiFi configuration from Android
20x4 LCD Shield for Pi?
Is a motor driver required for BO Motors?
Error after (trying to) upgrading Raspberry Pi 1 from Wheezy to Jessie
Does the Raspberry Pi 3 support UHS-II microSDHC cards?
FATAL: Module bcm2708_wdog not found
If Raspberry Pi 3 is connected to PC over serial, then are both devices able to connect to each other simultaneously?
How do I get USB speakers working on my Pi 3?
Can't setup AP with Ralink RT5370 and hostapd
Detect HDMI and Start GUI
Wheezy -> Jessie: Command Line Slow to Appear
Disable RPi 3 Wifi
Serial sniffer?
ModBus RS485 adapter for GPIO
Unable to deploy to Raspberry Pi from Visual Studio with error DEP0001 : Unexpected Error
How do I mount my NAS?
Rpi3 missing spi-bcm2708 module
Regarding assembly language programming in Raspberry Pi
NOOBS on Raspberry Pi 3 not starting
Remote Control a Raspberry Pi (currently behind a restricted wifi network)
Enable wlan0 and wlan1
How do I get weight sensor's data to Raspberry Pi (HX711 Load cell)?
cutting the 7" TFT screen
How can I triple boot operating systems?
Does the Raspberry Pi support I2C multi-master configurations?
Pre-loaded SD: Is Raspbian installed?
can't work xx.py using crontab
raspberry emulation / nested virtualization - issue when booting with qemu-system-arm
How to find my web server FTP Info
Connecting a 24v appliance(solenoid) to Raspberry Pi
Switch from RPi 2 to RPi B+
Adjusting the Brightness of the Official Touchscreen Display
Cannot boot raspberry Pi 3 connected to DVI with SDXC class 10 sd card
boot raspberry pi model B which is not reading SD card
Berryboot stuck on rainbow screen after update
SSH into Pi always fails on first attempt
Kano OS with BerryBoot
Download Problems
Pi 3 GPU overclocking ability
Sensitivity of GPIO pin
How to send temperature and humidity sensor data from a raspberry pi to a pc wirelessly?
accessing internet via 3g dongle: pb with port 443
Restore PI from Pi itself
Why can't I control solenoid valve using Raspberry Pi?
Automount not working
Powering up the Pi 3 with Samsung ICR16850 LiPo battery
Fastest Hardware Interrupt software?
Open dhcpcdui from commandline
Python API parse JSON request error
Where to buy Raspberry pi a+?
Write interrupt data into a Raspberry pi Register on C?
How to connect 4 PIR Sensors to a Raspberry Pi?
How to automatically mount a drive?
WiFi through ESP8266 for Raspberry Pi Zero
wav files play error on Jessie
Apache2 Fails To Start Second Time After Install
Can't read inputs on Raspberry Pi 2
Crontab does not execute python script
How to access a Samba shared folder from a Pi
Raspberry Pi 2 GPIO and 5V HC-SR04
Serial Port on Raspberry Pi 3 ttys0
Despite having powered USB Hub, Raspberry Pi 2+ doesn't detect Seagate 1TB HDD anymore
Is it OK to install Jessie Lite on a Raspberry 1 model B?
Spiral of death after kernal update 4.4.8-v7+: How to restore Kernel with no internet connection?
Error Install OpenCV 3.1.0
SSH via Raspberry Pi's working Domain
Python code for SW-420 vibration sensor
How to run an Eco Server on the Pi
Increase current output at USB for Raspberry Pi 2
SignalR not working on raspberry with windows 10
Having difficulty getting transmission to work on headless pi
DHT22 code problems
Performant way to dump DS18B20 data to Mongo
Raspberry Pi not booting and may be damaged
Veracrypt installation a nightmare on Jessie
Pocketsphinx with raspberry pi 2
Headless Torrent Server - Permission Denied
Powering the Pi through GPIO
Camera modules v2.1 - what's new?
How to get smooth mouse acceleration?
GPIO to hifi amplifier's trigger input (remote power on). Protection? Circuit?
Raspberry Pi network configuration issues
Use Touchscreen and MF-RC522 via SPI simultaneously
Clustering the 3.3v and 5v rails
Issues with Kivy on Raspberry Pi 3 with 3.5 in Touchscreen
py-spidev and ADNS3080
LED button doesn't work
cost of Windows 10 on the Pi
Measure RPi3 power consumption without external hardware
Don't I have an issue with the partition of my sd card?
How do I install chrome?
Controlling multiple Pi's over a network
applied Linux Kernel, got pcm512x error
max_usb_current possible values
Setting up a Huawei LTE stick e3372 on a raspberry
Maturity and usability of retropie project + kodi VS kodi + Rom collection
pi zero with LAN Ethernet Network Adapter Dongle with slow speeds
Reduce Ubuntu mate 16.04 img file size
RPi camera v2.1 not working
Which data base consume less resources?
recording a video with picamera
After my Pi boot and enters the desktop, the screen turns blank moments later
USB to Serial console communication using Cable
Pi-3 discarding ARP replies with link local addrees in IBSS ad-hoc mode
How does RPi "know" when it hasn't got enough power
python library to generate pulse frequency of "n" hz
My tv loses the signal while playing retropie
WiringPi traffic light in C
How to use eth0 for local internet access while using wlan0 for ad-hoc network with DHCP?
Graphical interface
Traffic light in C wiringPi
School is blocking outgoing SSH: "handshake failed" error
File Manager PCManFM Documentation
GSM/GPRS & GPS Expansion
Can I use Raspberry Pi as an 9-bit async serial sniffer
Can I use my old HDD as a boot device for the RPi 3 model b?
Issue with apt-get update, Jessie repeats
undefined reference to QCamera constructor
Kiosk python app shutil.copyfile files empty on restart
expand file system kali linux on SD card of 16GB
Raspbian removes .git from /
Raspbian removes dotted directories from /, why?
Accessing Windows 10 shares from Raspberry Pi 3
Mailing to remote domains not supported
Using hardware PWM and audio at the same time
compiled btrfs into kernel: even as root: could not get lock /var/lib/apt/lists/lock: Permission denied
PHP stopped working after installing sendmail on raspberry pi
PI 2 + .net - missing coreclr.dll
NOOBS doesn't boot when fan is plugged into GPIO
Whats the difference between NOOBS and Berryboot?
Windows 7 drops connection to shared folder on Raspberry Pi
Python script works in Desktop mode, but not in console mode
Sudo not working - No valid sudoer sources found
RF communication between Pi and Arduino
Raspberry Pi Stop Motion Animation software
How to specify fps (frame rate) when streaming video with uv4l?
Deluge fluctuating download speeds
Hosting Webserver with 3G connection
Make the raspberry Pi speak its dynamic IP address
GPIO pins stay on unless being used by a program?
Changed sources.list, but still updates from archive.raspberrypi.org
How to operate a cooling fan using GPIO pins, RaspPi2
Open a single application on Raspberry Pi2
Running a application made for Ubuntu 12, 14 or Windows on a Raspberry Pi
Sending extra power to PI3 over USB, will it damage the device?
lighty-enable-mod: command not found
Is it possible to add RAM to Raspberry Pi?
Raspberry Pi 3 - WiFi Stopped Working - How to debug and fix without restarting
RPI 3 doesn't see my wifi
Making a setup for other Raspberry's
What does mkknlimg exactly do, and what is a trailer?
How do I detect the type of camera installed?
Connecting Raspberry Pi3 to L9110S H-Bridge
Serial communication with two devices at once using pigpio?
How to install upstart on raspberry pi 3
Audio not coming through to external earphones
How to control ACT LED on the PI 3B
How to stream video with RPi 3 and a common webcam?
I2C cannot get data
How to connect Solid State Relay
Does the Raspberry Pi 3 have wireless display capabilities?
What are the clock codes?
Black screen brand new raspberry 3
Most efficient way to play music with floppy drives
Raspberry pi connection trouble
Connect to Raspberry Pi via SSH
No monitor input using a HDMI to DVI adapter
Can I power a RPi3 from its USB ports?
Physical stress testing a Pi
Composite Video And HDMI
Access GPIO Pins in OpenELEC
Johnny-Five vs onoff on a Pi3 - seeking advice
Raspberry Pi SSH and ping not working
Wifi Tethering error on Pi 3 OSMC
how to setup raspberry pi A+?
My django project is working noormally with raspberry connected to screen but when I run it with vnc viewer it returns a problem?
Win32 Disk Imager creates a corrupt file of my SD card
2.8" Resistive PiTFT plus not working with Raspberry Pi 3 and Retropie
Trying to use PiGRRL 2.0 Custom Gamepad PCB but there's no documentation on how to program the buttons
Choppy sound on MPD + Airplay, working pulseaudio
Why did my code not stop when I closed the terminal window?
How can I put GPIO.HIGH in a variable
sudo apt-get update issue & error
Compile and run Qt5 webengine on rpi2/3
RPi3 is not booting after editing /boot/cmdline.txt -- also unplugged the power after rebooting
How to communicate with a raspberry pi cube satellite?
Why raspberry has 5V output rail if gpio only works with 3.3V?
Connecting raspberry pi to CPU via HDMi and getting display on monitor
Why do the Pi GPIO pins use/give 3.3V and not 5V?
Problem on enabling desktop boot in raspi-config: error displayed
Lirc as a Raspberry IR blaster
Powering RPi3, 3G Dongle, DC Motor HAT and DC Motors
Portable solar-powered .gif frame
Not able to SSH in Raspberry Pi 3
Sending call over bluetooth from phone
Taskbar has bluish flicker when Pi boots up in 1080p
Is it possible to limit the bit rate on the BCM43438 chip via the BRCMFMAC driver?
Power Raspberry Pi 2 From vehicle battery
Raspberry Pi 2 Motors Moving on startup and Shutdown H-Bridge Chip
USB Microphone Raspberry Pi
Can you run 32-bit IceCat or IceWeasel on Raspberry Pi 3?
raspbian : How do I both enable built-in wifi and SPI interface for pi3?
how can i solve problem of raspberry pi window starting?
Raspberry Pi resetting across reboots
How to execute matlab code on a Raspberry Pi?
Weird corruption? Showing garbage on command-line?
can't save video with opencv 3.1 windows
GroveGPS to raspberry pi
Video presentation on RPi3 with SDL2
Red light only when plugging Pi2 into AV-Receiver via HDMI, TV works
Why Does raspi-config Depend On triggerhappy?
Monitoring a Generator, Send email per relay state
Python script runs in RPi 2 but not RPi 3
Unable to get Raspberry Pi IP
saving GPIO data to sqlite using python, retrieving dynamically using php
Raspberry Pi 3 WiFi Driver
Can you change the mouse focus?
SSH does not show prompt after successful password exchange over WIFI
Python 3.5 and pip on Raspberry Pi 3
Send uart commands through bluetooth
Does Raspberry Pi 2/3 supports PNaCl?
When I compile with arm-linux-gnueabihf-g++ version 4.7, I get error while loading shared libraries: libstdc++.so.6
clutter deprecated
ble modules/libraries for python 2.7.9 on raspberry pi 3 for scanning beacons
Raspberry Pi 2 Camera and Alpinelinux
GPS Hat readings and speed consistancy
Error: Cannot move to subdirectory of itself ? Raspi 3
Networking in raspberry pi over Ethernet and UART at the same time
Raspberry Pi 3, can't connect to more than one bluetooth speaker via pulseaudio
Bluetooth can't hold connection for more than a few seconds
Sharing ground with the outlet power source
5V Pin and i2c (GPIO Expander MCP23017) acting VERY strange
How to enter Recovery Mode without USB keyboard?
How long to short RUN pin on pi zero to initiate boot?
Is it possible to fix the "cannot find -lgcc" and "cannot find -lgcc_s" error messages when using arm-linux-gnueabihf-g++ as a linker?
SPI using SpiDev with LIS2DH sensor, need to send 2 repeated bytes in spi.xfer2 to get data valid back
Boilerplate c pocketsphinx mic input
Problems with GPIO Edge Interrupts
Css3 animation don't go well with Raspberry Pi 3
Launch python file and run continually at start up and reboot
How would I make this python script keep running and not just stop after running once?
Raspberry Pi 3 Model B Raspbian not booting
Raspberry Pi Power usage monitoring
unable to set GPIO 17 as an output by assembly program
Connecting multiple devices via I2C
Controlling Raspberry pi from website
Pi not working with shellinabox or ajaxterm
Flickr Photoframe
Can I set the number of threads for FFMPEG on the Raspberry Pi 3 to 4 since it is a Quadcore?
NodeJS + Say does not work if run with sudo or on startup
Unable to integrate Fingerprint sensor in Raspberry Pi2
Installing OSMC as an executable instead of OS
Can't access to ssh after configure OpenVPN Client
Problems getting df to update on my raspberry pi
I2S microphones on Pi 2 and 3?
What can I use GPIO pins for?
Xinit/matchbox remove border
recording video with opencv
OSMC / Raspberry Pi 2 dual display w/ HDMI and Raspberry Pi Touch Screen Display
IOError: [Errno 5] Input/output error Raspberry pi B+ model + Adafruit LCD + Keypad
Faster long term exposures
motion detection and recording video with webcam
How do I disconnect from wireless after exiting the browser?
Setting Raspberry PI 3 as wireless access point without internet access
How do I do ssh "passwordless" login with raspberry pi?
Simultaneous SSH and monitor
Highest safe temperature for overnight operation
Kernel-panic after swtiching from uClibc to glibc
vsftpd: unable to write/mkdir at any folder even within 0777 folders like /tmp
Losing access to Raspberry Pi after bridge br0 comes up
Accessing gpio not working as non-root. "Can't open /dev/mem: : Permission denied"
Printing with HP Envy 4500
Apache 2.4: AH01630: client denied by server configuration
Can the Pi camera module be used with a longer cable?
Pi camera Runtime error: unable to shutdown and save
Raspberry pi 3 power supply and HDMI
Missing pand command: which package does it belong to?
Boot error: mount: special device /dev/sdax does not exist
hcitool scan says No such device
Add ciphers support?
wiringPi and crosstool-ng
Using Python with Bluetooth on Raspberry Pi 3
Python : using data with both index and attributes
Raspberry pi2 can't boot from sdcard
Raspberry Pi Direct SSH, unable to ping router
Raspberry Pi USB 3 HAT or alternatives
over_voltage possible values
How to install python-mysql on Raspberry Pi?
What is the mother-site for the Raspberry Pi?
Raspberry Pi 3, wifi goes to sleep?
Help to build Mini PCI-E add-on card for Raspberry Pi 2
PI 3 OrCAD schematics
Problem with MQ2 Smoke Sensor
Simultaneously use a HAT and breakout on a Raspberry Pi 2
Play Video on PiTFT instead of through the HDMI
SPI control of WS2801 LEDs, fails when using GPIO interrupts
Where is Bluetooth pairing stored
Pi broken after trying to connect to neopixels
Giving a process exclusive use of a CPU core on a Pi 3
Emulating with Qemu: why the extra kernel?
Raspbian root default password
GStreamer playback on a Raspberry Pi
Can two push switches be used as 2 keyboard inputs?
Raspberrry Pi 3 as a RAID
How to use PI4J with a brushless motor?
Hifiberry or Standard out?
Using Kodi to access the internet
HTTP Server stops after some time
A guide or layout for the Eleduino GPIO Extension Board Layout?
Using an Android earset and button on the Raspberry Pi
Is there a way of using both the 7inch touchscreen and a hdmi tv as a dual screen for the pi
Shutdown Button for Raspberry pi
Window IoT Core stuck while booting on Raspberry Pi 3
Arch Linux SSH access, but no internet (eth0/DHCP)
Setting separate usb cards for output and input on Raspbian Jesse
Pi's static IP causes ERR_TOO_MANY_REDIRECTS in my router's config page
Emulate a Bluetooth Keyboard with a Raspberry Pi 3
Hardware UART 9 Data Bits
PIGPIO Stream Incoming Data with a timestamp and in Hex to a Laptop with USB
How to automatically connect to Wifi on boot for Pi2?
Restart Pi if not reachable (3G)
Connect IRF520 MOSFET Driver to a Raspberry Pi 2
Editing the settings that are available through raspi-config without using raspi-config
Reading / writing to USB storage on a Pi
H265 decoding performance on a Pi 3
Use PHP to get callback from GPIO in
Controlling servo SPEED with either pi-blaster or pigpio
Processor under high load when using multiple GPIO
Read audio output from a TV to a Pi
Automatically accepting Bluetooth connections on a Pi 3
Dual touch screens , one for input and a second for output
Raspberry Pi Zero as Hardware Bypass
How to connect a 12V Solenoid electric door lock to a Raspberry Pi?
Multiport power supply for powering multiple Pi's
Running Visual Studio Built C# GUI on Raspbian Jessie
How to insert RPi 2 microSD card into RPi 3 without upgrading to Jessie?
Segmentation fault while reading water flow sensor
Router blocking outside connection
Does the Raspberry Pi 3 support RTOS?
Conveniently devolop Java on my Desktop PC and testrun on Raspberry PI 3
How configure Xorg to disable DPMS completly on linux w/ SATO desktop
How to get the accurate temperature readings from DHT11 sensor on GrovePi+?
i2c on a rpi-basic-image created with yocto
How to PXE Boot a Pi 3?
How to setup a Pi for a static Ethernet IP address and a DHCP WiFi address, while using both simultaneously
Unable to receive anything with 433 mhz receiver connected to Pi 2 or Pi 3
Can't decode barcode using Zbar
Busted USB port on a Raspberry Pi 3?
Powering a Raspberry Pi from a vehicle battery 24/7
Execute Python Script in Chrome
Pi camera viewing angle
There is a problem with my python source
What distribution supports recent PulseAudio and Kodi with GLES?
Static IP for eth0 not working
Only root and pi user have audio
Issues in cross compiling buildroot for Raspberry Pi 2
Pi3 and mini-UART bt
Wrong date after reboot ... always the same... 2016-10-02 (future!)
Unable to use SSH from internet though it works fine over local network
Raspberry Pi controlling 5v Fan using Transistor
Media center and web server at same time?
How to install kodi on Raspberry pi 3 with Raspbian?
Answers to PWM and ESC
New raspberry pi 3 issue with trying to boot of fresh raspbian image
javafx 7" touchscreen blanking
What happens if you try to power a Raspberry Pi 3 with a <=1A charger?
Hooking up a speaker to the GPIO
Copy multiple partitions to one .img file
iptables allow only SSH and VPN
Problem with Raspberry pi camera
Taskbar not working on Raspberrypi over xrdp
How to update Minibian OS to the latest framework?
Raspberry Pi model b+ has stopped working
Motion goes active (exited) after a few minutes
Multiple VLAN interfaces on Raspberry 3 WIFI chip?
Streaming USB Webcam to YouTube Live - Raspberry Pi
Creating simple http request in node-red
Pi4J ESC brushless motor is not running stable
Pi 3 amixer error
Can I use 'dd' to clone the Raspbian image on the Pi itself?
No output of commands on SSH console since Jessie was installed
Raspberry Pi not booting after I tried powering it through the USB port
How can i use 2 temperature sensors with raspberry pi?
UART problems on my Pi3
I can't upgrade!
Emulate an SD card with a Raspberry?
Adding Python functions to be called when motion is detected
Adding AT command to Raspbian
How do I setup wifi on without being able to login?
Detect GPIO button press within time limit
Controlling a Motor with a Raspberry and a Joystick
Realtime streaming video to HTML5 with RaspberryPi, gstreamer
Reliablity for devices produced with a raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi 2 - bare metal DMA
ALSA channels count error while using simpleaudio with USB DAC
Raspberry Pi 3 - omxplayer from python 2.7 - how to check if a video finished to play?
How to compile gutenprint in Raspbian?
How can I connect to WI-FI network when I can't put WPA2 password using the GUI?
Raspberry pi 2 with Freertos
Will the Pi Zero version 1.3 require a new case
Can I power Raspberry Pi (newer models) from 3.3v Supply Alone?
Reading 2 bytes at a time via I2C on Rapsberry Pi + ADS7828
Where are packages installed in Raspbian
3V3 enough for a 5V relay?
How to turn off / let float a servo attached to GPIO
Iceweasel very slow when running youtube fullscreen
SD card not booting
Output of thermal_zone0
GUI program for turning on/off a projector via RS232
Permission denied on everywhere
Is any of the new build of Raspbian, supporting multi core for the Pi2-Pi3?
Set up SSH from internet - is there more than static ip and port forwarding?
GUI on Raspberry Pi cluster
How to set non standard serial port speed
Motion camera not showing video in browser
What is the best way to send Data from Raspi(linux) to Laptop(windows) in realtime?
Has anyone found a tutorial on reading info directly from a Kill-a Watt with the Pi?
RPi 3 B - On-Board wifi not present
understanding 'close' and 'unexport' of i2c and gpio
How do I program a Raspberry Pi obtain information from PLC's registers using Modbus TCP/ICP?
Connecting RaspberryPi to the network the static way
Where has the menu item for downloading games and apps gone in the Jessie update of Raspbian?
Mirror image output from v2 pi camera in motion
TFT screen without X
Is it possible to switch an SD card from one Pi or another with an OS already set up?
Add/Remove Programs...I'm not sure what to make of the programs listed...
No methods for running python script on startup are working
LED Toggle Switch with GPIO
Overscan resets
How to fix no internet access but WLAN connected?
Raspberry Pi: Unable to reboot (unable to mount root fs on unknown-block(179 2)
Raspberry Pi won't update time
Provide WLAN Access Point without loosing Mobile Internet on Smartphone
300 MHz (3D core) / 400 MHz (VideoCore IV) difference?
Raspberry PI + MotionPi and sensors
Who controls what software is on raspbian & apt-get?
Low-power options for powering RPi for long period of time
Using the Old Camera on a Raspberry Pi Zero
Make a Raspbian repo clone from windows
Is there a Disk imager designed for use on raspbian itself?
Raspberry PI multiple high frequency pinout
G++4.9 not found, Raspberry Pi Jessie
high frequency GPIO sampling raspberry pi
Insert RPi 2 microSD card into RPi 3. How?
Is my Pi dead after plugging in four USB hard drives, if the power and ACT LEDs still light up?
Creating a static IP address for an highly secured Raspberry router to navigate anonymously
Configuring isc-dhcp-server.service on Raspbian Jessie
Unix Domain Sockets: errno 111 Connection refused
Raspberry Pi 2 Not outputting sound to DVI TV
Why do I get an error message: 'Inappropriate ioctl for device' with I2C connection?
Can I install Chromium or Iceweasle onto my Pi
How to make motion camera secure with a custom login
Raspberry pi setting up static IP - address changes but no internet
HDD 2.5 with Raspberry Pi 3 Model b
OpenWRT 'radio2' is disabled with RTL8192cu wifi dongle
VNC on Raspberry Pi will only show desktop for root user
Raspberry Pi - sending data using mobile data to closed wifi
DS18B20 temperature sensor not working on Raspberry Pi 3 Model
How to automatically force audio through headphone jack?
Using RPI2 model B to read multiple IMU units
Raspberry PI Uart: pi to pi communication (B+, B2, CMIO)
Raspberry Pi 3 KeDei 3.5" TFT LCD Version 6.0 driver problem
Why my program won't communicate through ttyAMA0 on Raspbian (Jessie)?
Can I connect a laptop and a raspberry pi using a cross over cable?
Why can't I get input from /dev/ttyAMA0?
"RNDIS/Ethernet Gadget" Share Internet
Largest micro sd card
How to use a microphone with Raspberry Pi 2
Setup a RasPi for remote access before moving it to another network
Can the RPi Camera cable be folded/creased?
Autorun Python script with shell
I am having one problem temperature sensor in Raspberry Pi3
Sound output of the Raspberry Pi
Act like a bluetooth midi module
migrate a PI-2 bootable sd card to be PI-3 bootable
Setup Raspberry Pi 3 as bluetooth speaker
Is it possible to write data directly from a mobile to a PC through the mobile's SD card slot?
Read linear encoder with 40.000 pulses/second Raspberry Pi B+
Cheap USB hub with Pi Zero?
Is pigpio wave generator suitable for Position PID?
Why do I need to run GPIO as root even with GPIO Ver 0.6.2?
Why Are The Network Files Changing? - Can't Connect To WiFi After Reboot
Configure 2 PIR sensors to activate
WIFI setup with EDUP EP-N8508GS on Raspberry Pi 2 Jessie
Remote restart after -bash: fork: Cannot allocate memory
How does a Raspberry Pi deal with high temperature?
Run a command when wifi adapter is disconnected?
How is the USB power regulated on +/2/3 models?
Usb permissions
Does Raspberry Pi hold any data without a SD card?
Wi Fi issue on the Pi 3
Cannot ssh out of RP with fresh Raspbian install
I want to go back to Raspbian Wheezy: is it possible?
mpg2 license on RPi3
SyntaxError: can't assign to operator
Can't get port fowarding to work no matter what i try
Disable auto file system expansion in new Jessie image 2016-05-10
What is "action 17"?
What is the skipping frame pattern and how to name the images captured with a sequence of numbers using Raspistill command in Raspberrypi?
Using audio-output of raspberry from apache server
Raspbian Wheezy, Raspberry Pi 3 and HC05
How do I undo this command?
Can the L298N be powered solely by the Raspberry Pi 2B?
How to specify the I2C device address in Libnfc?
Power multiple sensors with external power source
I²S Pins on Raspberry Pi 3
Vnc and Port Forwarding - Port and Display Number
Raspberry Pi 2 model B both lights on
Raspberry Pi 2 Audio vs Video Clash
A Newer Version of LXDE on the RPi 3
How to prevent autologin of GUI?
Installing Raspbian: Missing Configuration Step?
update-rc.d: error: insserv rejected the script header
max_usb_current uneffective?
Shutdown Button for Raspberry Pi with HiFiBerry Amp+ HAT
TV as Plex Client
Establishing two-way audio from android to Pi
Cloning between RPi (different gen), other preparations
Raspberry Pi Feature Requests?
Pulseaudio to ALSA output gets stuck
XBMC on HDMI while Xorg on Official DSI Raspberry display
I2C bus with alternative power supply
Cannot use apt-get, 404 not found on Pi 2, Model B
Why is Windows 10 IoT Dashboard unable to find my Raspberry Pi 2?
Software Flow Control in Serial communication
Raspbian Jessie GUI hangs after running matchbox-keyboard
Jessie USB mic in and on-board 3.5mm jack out
Raspberry Pi not booting whn etxernal disk fails to mount via Fstab
Forwarding GUI applications to Raspberry Pi
how do i proceed with SPI on raspberry pi 2?
What can I do if I can't use chromium?
How to resize partition of a micro SD card. 32GB to 8GB card
VLC does not release webcam resource
PiFm RDS cuts off after a few seconds
TypeError: not all arguments converted during string formatting Raspberry Pi
How can I run smartctl in Raspbian?
I can ping my pi by ip address but not by hostname
Creating a pre-prepared SD card image
GPIO control relay with button
Raspberry breaks SD card -> 31 MB RAW
Detecting red contours
Sense hat install to non-Raspbian distro?
Slow TCP throughput with zd1211rw USB WiFi
Raspberry not booting correctly (mmc0: fsm1, hsts 1)
What does the yellow square mean?
Can I use my MacBook display as a monitor for a Raspberry Pi?
How do I create a second wireless interface?
Interfacing PIR motion sensor with Raspberry Pi
sakis3g on raspberry pi2 not accepting any other interface other than ttyUSB0 or ttyUSB1.. how to make connection on other ttyUSB*
USB devices gets new ttyU* while still attached raspberry pi 2
USB HDD on Raspberry Pi 2 Model B?
Remote debugging with Visual Studio 2015
Generating alternating current from GPIO – is it a misuse?
WLAN access point no internet connection
Do you know a way to record vibration with a Raspberry?
Help with getting linux Gpib on pi
Raspberry Pi 3 Power supply - chargers for mobile phone
Video on splash screen not appearing Raspbian
How can I stay updated with ownCloud with apt-get?
Detect water level
How to quit pocketsphinx_continuous?
Transfer driver in Raspberry Pi 2 Model B with Screen Kedai 3.5
Raspberry PI 3 Model B+ resetting after every reboot
How to capture images from 2 webcams parallely using raspberry pi?
Can't SSH into RPi over through Wifi router, direct LAN connection works fine
ssh: Permission denied, please try again
Raspberry pi 2 - Check if anything is connected to the pin
Booting to LXDE instead of Raspbian desktop
Raspberry Pi3 - XBee not working
Rx/Tx login issue
Raspberry Pi 2.8" TFT Add-on just displays white
Advantages of Raspberry Pi 15-pin MIPI camera interface (CSI) connector cameras above USB webcams?
Package jetty is not available
Connecting external Hard Drive to Raspberry Pi 2
SenseHat reporting temperature incorrectly - Can it be calibrated?
Application to know how long my batteries will last?
Pi Zero Raspistill error: Camera is not enabled in this build
GPIO not working as i want
Where to find old Raspbian release?
How to login as root remotely?
Getting multiple errors while Installing Scipy
Cannot SSH FROM Raspberry Pi to Xubuntu machine
Can the rpi get audio input through usb?
libkrb5.so.3 Missing
Raspberry Pi 3 wifi, is it dual band?
Custom Splash Screen Video
How to create a virtual microphone that reads from a file?
Can not ssh on remote host
setterm: terminal xterm-256color does not support --blank
Alternative to mencoder and ffmpeg for timelapse in Raspbian Jessie
GPIO unexpected behaviour after 10 hours of running python script
What is the alternative IC to LAN9512 or LAN9514? this chip too HOT
Best partition size for Raspbian Lite (Jessie)
Set up webcam microphone for raspberry pi
Open Source Raspberry Pi software and SD card libraries
Raspberry Pi sensor
Will this MicroSD card work with my Raspberry Pi 3?
Raspberry pi connect eth0 and wlan0 simultaniously
Can I use more than one USB Gadgets with the raspberrypi zero?
ownCloud setup: Can't write into config directory!
How to reliably change MTU size permanently
Mounted folder changes name after reboot
Pi3b vs hostapd: invalid/unknown driver 'nl80211'
Is it possible for motion to process an mjpg-streamer live feed and send alerts to a client viewing an NGINX webpage live? Is PubNub a solution?
Add RasPlex to existing Raspbian install?
How to type hash ('#') in the boot config
Raspberry Pi 3 Connecting to Bluetooth audio device on Raspbian Jessie
I am very confused about HDMI to VGA converting. Will this cable work?
Can't Access TTY: Job Control Turned Off (Sense Hat)
Post Aptitude upgraded and my pi is unable to boot up properly
Compile JInput on ARM
Benchmark on one machine too extreme
How to get sure that the Internet connection has been correctly transfered?
How to configure auto-mounting of USB HDD
How to run a script (when usb memory is plugged) automatically in Jessie?
Is it possible to control DC motors without an Integrated Circuit chip?
Console output + Terminal on TFT
Raspberry Pi Camera Module as webcam
Raspberry pi 3 Model B no autoconnect wifi when I shutdown
RPI 3 as a wifi access point, performance question
Win10 IoT weird boot
Python vlc bindings & raspberry pi HW acceleration
Playing audio file with Hifiberry amp+ and shell script
Set permission for /dev/ttyAMA0 on boot
Pin GPIO5 set to output by default with constant 2.4V output during and after boot
Is it possible to send notification if Pi gets unplugged
How can I measure current with RPi at high voltage/high current (100-120V / 0-30A)
Raspberry Pi 3 Bluetooth "No default controller available"
bluetoothd or bluetoothctl?
Where can I find the source code of Raspbian Jessie?
What's causing these crashes after cross-compiling?
How to enable SPI on Raspberry Pi 3
Boot Options for different OS
How to change the color of boot logs?
Minidlna install error (configure: error: Could not find libavformat - part of ffmpeg)
Auto login in Jessie. How?
Method to find raspi's usb current output
sudo pip install packagename not working
Enable Etho by editing SD-Card on PC
Booting from a USB
Raspberry Pi 3: microSD card vs hard drive
Connecting to rpi2 through vnc on laptop over wifi
Music won't play via shairport-sync when connected to wifi
Illegal Instruction issue when trying to install anything on Raspbian-Jessie
RPi 3 Can't Play MP3 and Some WAV Files
Is it possible to access pi on my laptop through wifi?
Raspbian Jessie, Route all traffic through VPN, Close if VPN goes down
I can not log in with the basic user and password
Raspberry pi time wrong
gpiozero button callback running only once
Can't receive data from Arduino to Raspberry via nrf24l01+
Is there any display bigger than 15 cm (6 inches)?
RASPBMC Web Server Control Via Kodi iOS App
Communication between Raspberry Pi3 and iPhone/Android via Bluetooth
Running Debian (Debian, not Raspbian) on a Raspberry Pi 3
Why won't my pi appear on my PC network in file explorer?
Ubuntu MATE 16.04 not recognising USB hub on Pi3
Install Node.js on an SD card to work on all Pi models
Unexpected voltage drop on GPIO 16
Error while running sudo apt-get upgrade command
Sharing the Pi's WiFi connection through the Ethernet port
How to make speak Marathi/Hindi language in Raspberry Pi?
GPIOZero button not working
Raspberry Pi 2 Model B NRF24L01 Pin Connections
Using PWM on raspberry pi 3 vs pi 2 with bcm2835 library
I2C problem - can't talk to I2C Sensor
Raspberry Pi 3 Windows 10 IoT UDP Recevie
My system keeps locking me into safe mode and boots directly to root shell
Undervoltage warning despite decent power supply
Cannot Get Arch Wifi to Connect
Raspberry Pi 3 On-Board WiFi Antenna on Debian Jessie
Building MRAA for Java on Pi 2 B (raspbian)
Unable to SSH into Raspberry Pi 3 Model B headlessly
Change GPIO Pin usage of PIR Motion Sensor
Raspberry Pi fuse (F1) and cpu (IC2) is so hot and not booting, what's wrong?
nfsroot boot fails - nfs server reports the request
Configure WLAN for RaspberryPI3 using image created with Yocto
How to connect wifi adapter tp-link tl-wn722nc with raspberry pi model b?
Connecting DS18B20 temperature sensor with RJ45 connector?
How to set interface for eth0 when pi connected to laptop?
How do I install MongoDB on Ubuntu MATE 16.04 LTS?
How do I disable requiring a password for rebooting or shutting down
IWebcam recommendation for Raspberry Pi
Chromium on Raspberry Pi B w/ Raspbian Jessie
How do I read just the Pi's serial number with a program coded in C?
Kodi Black Screen, Not responding to turning off Hardware Acceleration
Square wave generator using RPi 2
Script to restart service
What package is /home/pi/python_games coming from?
wvdial NO CARRIER
Raspbian Jessie 4.4 - ttyAMA0 pymodbus not working
./RFSniffer failes on Raspberry Pi 3
Possible to run java UI (AWT/Swing) application on Raspberry Pi 2 running OSMC?
Proper use of a rpi cluster
Bluez 5.40 not reconized when try to install modules
SD Card overheats - Pi3 Model B
Tasks that increase Temperature
Raspberry Pi 3b and and Sunfounder KiT 1.0
Accidentally connected 3.3v gpio pin to 5v gpio pin
lirc error when trying to learn ir code
Using Raspberry Pi to remotely view a website
Sunfounder temperature sensor module
CUPS Printer failing to print out any paper
How do I trigger multiple pis with one button?
Use 3.3V regulator on 5V rail with GPIO
Power USB device over Raspberry Pi GPIO Pin
Problem running C program from rc.local
How to grab video using easycap chipset utv007 on Raspberry pi 3 Model B
PWM Servo - Check availability
Does the "Raspberry Pi Touch Display" work with regular kernel?
Journaling Error while connecting with TTL USB cable
Raspberry Pi 3 and 64-bit kernel, differences between armv7 and armv8
Sizzle instead of sound when recording with ALSA
I have installed node-red on my raspberry pi but it does not start
SD Card doesn't boot to Noobs
Getting a CO2 sensor for Arduino to talk to Pi
Finding Pi kernel 3.10.x or 3.9.x Image to download
Windows 10 IOT equivalent of i2cdetect
Bridge network connections
Simple circuit to check the data flow
Detecting 3.5mm insertion or removal for use in a script
Is there a limited number calling the PWM function from RPi.GPIO and does it interfere with video recording?
Which toolchain for Raspberry Pi 3 and Qt5
raspberry pi ,windows 10 iot core, code c# save file .txt
How can I install and configure windows 10 dll driver onto RP2 windows 10 IoT?
Noobs minimum/maximum partition size
How to use Arduino Motor Shield with Raspberry Pi?
Win10 tablet cannot ping RPi anymore
How to autostart ScratchGPIO projects?
Why can I connect to the GPIO pins using the gpio program, but not with the Python package RPi.GPIO?
Powering the PI 3 Model B with a battery pack
Opengl supported version?
Is rPi3 binary compatible with rPi2?
Lost console log after running any app that takes over the screen (but not on SSH)
The Hashrate of the Raspberry Pi 2 and 3
Why my Raspberry Pi (first version) not boot?
Bluetooth buttons and mpg123
Network ping Problem
How to install Ruby >= 2.1.9?
What is the best connection for Raspberry pi3 model to PC/laptop?
Getting extremely low fps on Rpi 3 while image processing
raspbian + libavcodec + which source repository
Raspberry Pi doesn't recognize HDD in powered USB Hub
Unable to mount external harddrive (Openmediavault)
boot stuck after starting apache
Raspberry Pi Zero only booting 50% of the time
Program will not run from console, works fine from IDLE GUI
E: Package 'mysql-server' has no installation candidate
Install Windows 10 IoT Core from Raspbian
RealBoy emulator a real dud
Installing Homebridge Nest Plugin for Raspberry Pi
How to output audio signals through GPIO?
Connection between Cloud Application and Local RPi
Chromecast as sender to Raspberry
Pi 2 rainbow square when external HDD is plugged
How to create a Wifi Access Point without internet connection?
2D - 3D video conversion in Raspberry pi
Trying to start a script at startup
Error when sending second start command to Cylon.js to blink LED
Pi with C# instead of Python
Weird behavior in Raspberry Pi GPIO
How to connect a transparent Oled display to raspberry pi using GPIO?
pyame joystick button bounce
connect without router cable and without screen
strange sd card behaviour
Minimal Navigation for Chromium Kiosk
Push one button from another button
How do I setup my Osoyoo touchscreen?
Installing Julius Voice Recognition on Raspberry Pi 3 B
How to stop the programming language part from updating?
Ad Hoc setup in RPi 3
Editing config.txt in boot.tar.xz in Windows
I get only choppy audio and no video using omxplayer on Raspbian Jessie
Problems with my DIY floater
How do I install Open cv easily onto my raspberry pi? and so that it works?
Is there a snip equivalent on Raspbian?
Raspberry Pi Zero: act as USB mass storage using power port, use data USB port for Wi-Fi
How to play mp3 on background from command line
/usr/bin/nodejs: no such file or directory
Ping on Raspbian
Chromium 50 WebGL support on Jessie
Consistent False Positives from PIR Sensor
Ralink RT5370 wifi adapter
How to set up external HDD to hold repositories with GitLab
I cant get my Raspberry Pi B+ to connect to the internet through a static ip
Raspberry Pi (with Static IP address) connect to PC (Windows) via Ethernet
FS80H USB Fingerprint Scanner in Pi 3
Is there a command to verify the physical connection of a jumper cable to a GPIO pin?
Custom LEDs from Raspberry Pi 3 with Retropie build?
How dow I install adobe flash player
SSH into Pi3 using WiFi - already set up static IP
Problems updating packages
Whenever I install Iceweasel it installs Firefox instead
FATAL: cannot open /dev/ttyAMA0: Permission denied
Execute a python script at srart up of raspberry pi
Can't get Brother HL-L2300D printer to print from Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi boot error after restoring from image
How to define keys for changing pages of ROM/game list in an emulator for RetroPie?
Parallax RFID + PI only reads first time
Is it possible to add a bacula file daemon to Raspbian?
How to use Arduino devices with Raspberry Pi?
How to restart service
RPi 3 Model B: PSU, Measuring Voltage & Amps
Controlling the motor speed
Creating custom Linux for Raspberry Pi
Chromium Won't Open
Install dotnet Core on Raspbian 8
How to power ten Raspberry Pi 3's?
Can I install Edubuntu onto Pi?
How can I lock wallpaper in raspberry pi?
How to use the same hdd with raspbian and windows?
How do I connect raspberry pi to PC using ethernet for file sharing, while still using wifi for internet access?
Should some GPIO pins read high from start?
Why many RaspberryPi add on has pull up resistors?
Setup of SPI TFT LCD Display
Nginx with RTMP server fail to start on boot on Raspberry Pi
Power up from USB Cable or GPIO?
Official touchscreen brightness
Powering on with both Ethernet and WiFi disables WiFi adapter
Wifi Dongle TL-WN823Nv2 not is recognised
How to stream audio from raspberry pi to android phone?
Why is RPi called 'Embedded Linux'?
What to look for in a large HDMI+USB touchscreen for raspberry pi?
Is Twisted available for Python3?
I cannot change the kernel on 4.4.11-v7+
Shut down raspberry pi cpu and gpu cores and USB ports?
How to stop halt/reboot over VNC asking for password
Docker image to cross compile node modules for RPI?
unable to enumerate USB device
An Android application in an unikernel on raspberry pi
SD card related random freezes
Sending Message to Arduino From Raspberry Pi with NRF240l1
spi stopped working after upgrade
Is it possible to connect a ublox NEO-6Q GPS directly to a Raspberry Pi 2B?
Cannot create new database in MySQL - logging in as 'root'@'localhost'
SSH not connecting with Raspberry Pi3
Is Joan's pigpio rotary Encoder C library callable from python ctypes?
Ubuntu MATE booting into Raspbian lock screen then not starting?
How to test performance of pi as a wifi access point?
Board sign from LED strips
Creating Telegram Bot on RaspberryPi
Connecting Windows 10 IoT Core Pi to corporate domain WiFi
E: Package has no installation candidate
Sending Data from Raspberry Pi to Hosted Node.JS server/Web page?
Does being undervoltage decreases the Pi's performance?
USB Mobile Broadband Modems is NOT compatible with WiFi Dongles? (WIndows 10 IoT Core)
16x2 LCD Display on RPi via I2C/SPI Backpack
How can I use fdisk in a bash script?
USB Transmitter for RasPi, or GPIO solution Thru SPI
How to make my raspberry pi have a constant local ip?
Raspberry Pi shows up rainbow screen on my VGA monitor, touch screen works fine
Want only ethernet working, remove all usb and hdmi port
driver for Ethernet Adapter: cdc_ether: no symbol version for module_layout
Can't connect PI through wifi but ethernet routing is working
Using installed SD Card from B+ in new 3
Can't ping or reach anything outside of home network
Where exactly are these GPIO pins located on Raspberry PI 2 Model B?
IoT Core RPI3 Camera drivers
Controlling 2 motors and a servomotor
Best FFMPEG configuration for recording Video+Audio with RaspberryPi and USB WebCam
Replacement lens for camera module
Compression at Beginning of h264 Clip
Raspberry Pi Access Control System
Soldering question
Is it safe to purge nodejs when replacing "/usr/bin/nodejs" with "/usr/local/bin/node"?
successfully paired bluetooth apple keyboard with Pi but can't type
Is there a way to improve the performance of my Raspberry Pi B+ model
Setting up In-Built Bluetooth from RaspberryPi3 using image created with Yocto Jethro
Raspberry pi's linked together for 360 video recording?
Automatic Cycling Of Virtual Desktops
Raspbian Kernel and initramfs
i2c not detecting any connections
Raspberry Pi 3 Windows IoT Core can't see wifi adapter
Recognize and Install Raspberry as a Printer
GPIO input voltage from sensors - need clarification
Clone raspberry sd from 32 to 16 GB
Raspberry Pi 3 Reboot/Power issue
How to let raspberry pi know if switch on switch board on or off
I2C - I need a 1 second delay between sending byte and reading reading data from sensor
Minimal Kiosk GUI on PI
Running Retropie on LCD
Frequent filesystem corruption (compute module, Raspbian)
Cannot install xpra: unmet dependancies
Python Image Slicer install failing on Ubuntu Mate
Infrared communication between 2 Raspberry Pis
Remote connection to Pi succeeds or fails apparently at random
Mapping key events using evdev
Python doesn't recognize cv2 when running under sudo
MCP3008 Installation Issues
LIRC irsend: could not connect to socket irsend: No such file or directory
Can I use this screen with the Raspberry Pi Model 3 B
Device-specific overclock settings?
Raspberry Pi 3 as Plex Media Server (local without transcoding)
Raspberry Cron don't work
KeDei LCD version 6.0 with Raspberry Pi 3 driver problem
How to access SSH when Pi is connected to the internet through PC?
How do I enable or disable GPIO ports at will?
Thermometer no longer working
How can I control a HomeEasy Light Switch with a 433MHz Module(GPIO)?
OSMC installation fail - cannot boot it with three micro sd card
4g dongle internet connection problem?
Calibrate the screen for shell sessions
Display disappears when I connect external HDD
How do I put these two python scripts together?
Simulate Pi 3 to configure SD card
Raspberry pi openVPN EHOSTUNREACH
How to implement an echo-service over bluetooth smart
Opening Terminal From Kodi (OpenELEC)
Edimax Wifi Adapter does not work with Outsource Powering
Configure the keyboard for console in OSMC
Power an external target
Install Packages on Raspberry Pi2 without wifi
My Bluetooth speaker pairs with raspberry but when i connect it says Connection failed: No such file or directory
Send Data to Arduino From Raspberry Pi via Nrf24l01+
How to shrink down Debian to fit onto 1GB SLC-SD-Card?
Using a Pi B with a 40pin GPIO paddleboard?
Why is DS1302 chip time be offset by 4 hours even though the system time is accurate for the Time Zone?
How to reserve wlan0 for embeded Wifi on Rasberry Pi 3?
Bluetooth device list
Windows PC Network "Disconnect" Button Disables Pi's ad-hoc Interface
Controlling an Electric Ducted Fan via a Raspberry Pi
parse error in /etc/sudoers.d
Captive Portal for my Website Served off of the Same Device as Access Point is Served
I2C LCD with LCM1602 module
No sound on Raspberry Pi Running Kali Linux
What's the better choice to prevent wear leveling?
Using a power supply meant for driving LEDs for Raspberry Pi
Forwarding calls from Apache server to cpp server both running on Raspberry
How to establish an RDP connection between Pi 3 and Windows?
How can raspberry pi remotely communicate with sensor?
Raspberry Attempted to read or write protected memory. This is often an indication that other memory is corrupt
USB/Ethernet Stops Working While Trying to Preview Video
Streaming video on a browser from camera pi
Maximum Wi-Fi clients on Pi 3 hotspot
Why crontab choose to execute one of the command over other?
CentOS 7 on Raspberry Pi 3 disabling NetworkManager.service and enabling network.service
How to know how many registers an I2C slave has?
Reading values from MCP3008
Raspberry Pi 3 Slow on Ubuntu Mate
File Transfer Failed : From RaspberryPi3 to My Mobile on Bluetooth
Use Raspberry Pi to control PC power button
Sound troubles with the 3.5" spotpear/waveshare touchscreen
Arecord not working with USB Microphone anymore
Python picamera exposure_mode night not working
RAW video from PI camera
g++ typedef strange behaviour
RFID RC522 Stops reading data after reading data continuously
SSH and FTP Issue on Raspberry Pi 3
raspivid h264 output can't be played by Firefox video player
Set X background as soon as poosible
How to know when the pi finished shutting down
Problems with adding 4port usb hub to Raspberry Pi Zero
connect the tty1 screen to my ssh session
RaspberryPi image size issues
My raspberry goes to black screen after a while
Raspberry 3.0 apt-get fails
Kodi - music section is empty!
Starting Tor at boot fails: Unknown option 'Kog'
What changed in newest Raspbian to affect sound?
SELinux on Raspberry Pi 3 running CentOS 7
How to connect Rpi-3 and Microstack GPS
Missing build file when building for rtl8812au driver
Running a Teamspeak 3 Server
RFSniffer only responds to some KAKU devices
How do I remove 'Python Games' from Raspbian?
First and Last things it does
Which GPIO pins are used for I2S audio I/O
Extend router network using Raspberry Pi 3 as access point
What happened to Raspberry Pi 2- and 3- Model A?
Rasberry Pi for a tractor
How to Set Up Driver Support for I2S Audio Codec
Fstab: Mount a shared drive using drive name (not ip address)
Stuck in Recovery login after building and loading the Linux kernel
Eduroam, wpa2-enterprise, wifi connection - Configuration options for the wpa_supplicant.conf file
RAW video recording using pi camera generating a choppy video with missing frames
Accessing Pi remotely
24v motor controlled by weather
View images without gui
Change raspberry pi 2 password and Root password on multiple Pi's at once
How to get Rpi 3 to current mode in script
pulseaudio not autostarting on pi 3.
Issue with owncloud and apache
Can I power my rpi with netgear WNDR3700v5 router?
Playing jukebox style MP3 s by GPIO , how does the code/directories work?
Directing mjpeg video to file w/ cvlc
Save to a network location in Python
Can you run pfsense on a Raspberry Pi 3?
I've run out of 5V ports on my Pi 3
Raspberry Pi Zero bluetooth keyboard not acting properly
What is the spec on the MIPI interface on PI Zero?
How to configure UV4L?
YouTube video choppy while playing on my Pi 3 browser
Receiving and sending DMX signals
Raspberry Pi Webcam Motion Snapshot
How to know if DHT11/DHT22 is working?
Is it okay to just pull the plug?
What are the ID EEPROM pins and what can they be used for?
Does Raspberry Pi cluster make sense for a small rendering farm
handle two way of 1080p, 60fps camera feed to WIFI network in low latency?
How can I install web components in firefox?
How do i turn off the raspberry pi 3
Raspberry Pi and Ada Compiler (gnat on Raspbian) - GPIO
Can I use Raspbian SD card on a notebook PC?
setting File Properties does not work
Taking photos when an IR sensor detects motion?
dpkg error on fresh install
Which database on Raspberry for 100,000+ Entries?
Sound has a swoosh noise in Raspbian
dhcp takes so long to obtain IP
Run pygame via command-line without window manager
Can't access to Raspberry Pi 3 via Putty
Execute I2C functions from web page on Pi running LAMP
What are the steps to combine Raspberry Pi 2 and NFC?
How to control servo cam pan/tilt using bash and servoblaster?
pyserial: Force Arduino to /dev/ACM0?
I want to make a wireless prototype of a Light switch using Raspberry Pi
Multiple clock outputs from Rpi
Syslog flooded with messages: dhclient: DHCPREQUEST on eth0 to 192.168.11.1 port 67
Raspberry Pi live stream through webcam to android phone
How to copy micro SD card from a sealed raspberry pi 2?
Add "watch" to start up sh file
Special configuration steps for RasPi 3?
How to use cusom fonts with the Raspberry Pi (using Qt Quick)?
Interfacing with CANBUS, screen and GPIO
How to get input from an USb xbox 360 controller?
How can i discover the current CPU load?
Driving 24VAC sprinkler solenoids through ULN2003A
How To Fix Errors With Simulink Support Package
Pi CAMERA OPENCV my python script test_video.py has black screen
Keeping the ACT LED always on using python
Wifi as Bridge & Private Network
ln: failed to create hard link ‘/boot/initrd.img-3.6-trunk-rpi.dpkg-bak’ => ‘/boot/initrd.img-3.6-trunk-rpi’: Operation not permitted
Problems with RFID-RC522 and Raspberry PI B
How can you recover your password?
Is powering the Pi 3B using GPIO allowed?
Setting a static IP on latest Jessie
Raspberry Pi, SSH, USB MOUNTS, and LINKS
Fixing recursive fault but reboot is needed
Control 434 MHz US remote outlets without spoofing
PICamera - Custom output (start_recording())
Does omxplayer save a rtmp stream output by default?
Connect raspberry pi to ubuntu
Installing user-mode-linux on jessie
Building a simple DIY rc car, am I missing anything?
ACS712 connected to Raspberry Pi through MCP3008
creating command prefix for python 3.4
Error message every time I try to install applications
Need help using Bus Pirate SPI with Rspberry pi
Automatically accept bluetooth pairings
autofocus raspi-cam
USB webcam can't take a picture
Pi hangs after using kodi for about a minute
Connecting a Behringer UM2/UMC22 audio interface
Kivy -- Raspberry Pi not responding
i2c Set Address Pointer
How to emulate raspberry pi 2 on Ubuntu 14.04 PC?
Cannot connect to my pi through ssh anymore after a reboot
Connect raspberry pi to mobile through wifi dongle peer-to-peer
How to display gpsd.utc using paint or similar method
LIRC in python: cannot see any code from infrared remote
MFRC522 Not working over SPI Interface
Connected to network but no WiFi?
Sync Raspberry Pi with NTP Server on Boot
connect to ssh using putty without internet access
How to install Ubuntu on a Raspberry Pi 3
Control USB fan via relay
Problems blacklisting a bad access point
Upgrade PHP 5.6 to 7.0?
Raspberry Pi for connecting two speakers controlled by smartphone
Stream rasberry pi audio to my windows pc
Make a Lightweight Linux
Why is my right stepper motor stuttering?
Check if current if flowing through 220v ac wire
RaspberryPi.Net Libary LCD Display
SI1145 Adafruit UV Sensor Library porting from Ardunio to Python SMBUS
Create a destop shortcut to run sudo apt-get update -y
Running startup script WITHOUT creating a service?
ARPI600 Tutorial
Completely remove mousepointer on Touchscreen
How to change audio levels of sound card with same control names
How do I resize the screen on my LCD touchscreen?
Raspberry Pi as a POS?
Extremely slow download, while upload works fine
Private/Secure port forwarded Apache server?
Fresh guides to build an OS on Raspberry Pi
Making an LED Cube
Internet connection via wired link to Wndows7 PC laptop with wifi connection
What will I need to make display work with Pi Zero?
Microsoft All-in-One Media Keyboard not working at all with RPi 2
GPIOzero motor backward and forward pins
I am looking for a way to use my old samsung galaxy note 3 as the touchscreen for my raspberry pi
sudo raspi-config not working: boot partition not mounted
Both USB & Ethernet NOK on brand new Pi 3 Model V v1.2
Fresh NOOBS install boots straight to Raspbian?
Raspberry pi 3 /etc/inittab empty
Play video on BOOT, not logon
fona 808 gps and raspberry pi
Start GUI while running a terminal aplication
Is it possible to run a teamspeak client on the Pi B+?
Connecting Windows Putty with Raspbian SSH
C++ compatibility
Raspberry Pi 3 wifi cancellation
NAS mounted drive permissions as the www folder
Should wifi be turned off with wired connection
Simple door sensor with notifications suggestions
Raspberry Pi SSH lag slowness
Set up a VPN server that reroutes all traffic
auto-mount USBDrives (vfat) for users other than pi
How to grant amule user to access /media/pi/ USB HDD folder?
POE Switch to Power the PI?
Denied permission to create a directory
One pi zero per customer
Citrix receiver - Auto login
Raspberry Pi3 conflicting overlays
Raspberry Pi 2 is not Booting After "shutdown"
Should I avoid switching a GPIO Pin on all the time?
how to program using registers on raspberrypi with C language?
Looking for a starter kit for my 10 year old
Disabling serial console/kernel messages on Pi B 2 while still being able to write/read to serial port
Build a customized Linux kernel for the Raspberry Pi
R pi 3 headless first boot - cannot get an IP
Connect TTL thermal printer to RaspberryPi2
Raspberry Pi 3 with Raspbian Jessie booting, but no HDMI output. Tried most suggestions on the forums
Raspberry Pi 2 not finding External HD
T2252MTS Monitor - Stops working after reboot
failure to shutdown from ssh when on wifi
raspi-config on Ubuntu 16.04
Is there a way to shut off power to the HDMI output?
Raspbian Jessie - Transmission won't save to Windows share - Permission denied
How can I relay video to a TV (has only RCA input) from RaspberryPI (model B+)?
Activate USB camera connected in Pi through laptop
Lirc - interference from power line
wpa_gui - X11 connection rejected because of wrong authentication
Debugging Unattended Installer, ua-netinst, RPi3Bv1.2
HOW creating an minimal Ubuntu linux using the Ubuntu core image?
Why is my simple HTML Canvas rendering only 11fps in Chromium a Pi3?
XIBO client installation on RASPBIAN - RASPBERRY PI 2B
Raspberry Pi B+; Problems with the autostart of browser
Camera / raspistill - output image is black although preview worked
Emacs Not Properly installing on Raspberry Pi B+
end Kernal Panic - not syncing: VFS: Unable to mount root fs on unkown block (0,0)
How to share iPhone's hotspot connection both Laptop and RPi
Physical address address of SD host controller
RPI 3 as bluetooth a2dp receiver sound cuts intermittently
Get SD card serial / oemid from U-boot on RaspberryPi3
Control USB power from Pi
jack fails to connect to session bus (without error)
Is there a way to recover a closed terminal used to open and interact with omxplayer?
Can't connect raspberrypi 2 with pc using ssh
u-Blox SARA and ModemManager
Noob questions - login to websites and MacOS
raspberry pi 3 - 3.5HDD - USB 2.0?
Description of the Pi's state when there is a Rainbow Screen during boot
Edit FAT16 microSD disk partition
Windows 10 IoT Core, Builtin WIFI
Best OS for Raspberry Pi 3
Arguments for execl compiling with gcc
UV4L WPA Enterprise server
MCP3008 inconsistent reading
SSH Key requiring passphrase when there is none
problem retropie in a 32GB sd card
Unexplained scrot screenshots
Connect headless pi to arbitrary WiFi network
Peripherals power usage
Bridge and NAT with Raspberry problem
raspistill speed
pip can not install pillow into virtualenv
Process readKey with high CPU load
Raspbian, LXDE, Autostart bash script
Measuring voltage and current of battery
Yocto build on Raspberry Pi3 stuck on Rainbow screen
LIRC won't transmit (irsend: hardware does not support sending)
Can not update or install after changing DHCP IP to Static IP
Using a remote control without Lirc
OpenCV camera doesn't work in 'bgr' mode, but works in 'rgb' with inverted colours
Multiple Desktops on Pi 3/Jessie
Unable to connect to hotspot from Android device
Is there a more consistent way to take images quickly with picamera?
Fixing interfaces
Why installing eclipse on raspberry pi required open-jdk?
Failed to Fetch Using sudo apt-get update
w1_slave is missing! Having trouble getting a DS18B20 temp sensor to work on rpi3 with raspbian, help would be appreciated
TightVNCserver issue
Preconfig WIFI on Raspbian Lite
Raspberry Pi Wireless Surround Sound
Raspberry PI Zero won't boot
PHP 7.0 Cron job error
Raspberry Pi 3 with SIM808, 7inch display module issues in communication (UART)
I/O errors on SD-card
Debug: mounting /dev/mmcblk0p1 on /boot failed: No such file or directory
Configuring Kali Linux Raspberry Pi 3 with VNC Server
Raspberry Pi - Raspbian [ls -l dev/]
Resetting password does not work
Control seconds SPI interface with SpiDev
I'm trying to control two 12V DC motors with a RPi 2 using a L9110S H Bridge, but can't make it work
Speakers not working
Raspberry Pi3 as BLE to PC handler
Bluetooth pairing without using bluetoothctl
Share the Raspberry Pi date and time with esp8266 on the same network
Portable HDMI audio splitting?
Interface capacitive digitizer via i2c
Making 7" display work for OpenWrt
Running a webpage on startup
Raspberry does not start after apt-get upgrade
IP routing but no ping?
Pi 2 won't boot to HDMI
RasPi 3 - wlan0 not associated
Raspberry Pi 3 BLE scanning failure
control raspberry pi from pc using usb to ttl cable (python)
USB OTG Hub does not recognize devices at boot
Is there a software to see on my PC that mirrors exactly what I am doing on the Raspberry Pi touchscreen?
Python 3.4 opencv import error
how connect my Pi to Internet through PPPoE connection?
RPi adhoc connection problem with Windows
Transfering to a new S.D card
Raspberry Pi 3 component video output doesn't work
Does GPIO.gpio_function work?
Can I watch movies with the Rasberry Pi Zero?
Can't connect to secure RPI access point
How to use OS X Terminal and a USB cable with a Pi Zero?
Raspberry Pi 3 WiFi, Flight Radar24 -
Command to find source files for apt-get install locations - specifically libasound2-dev
Bluetooth auto connecting to trusted device
Docker on Raspberry Pi 2: Could not reach any registry endpoint
How to diagnosis issues with tp-link wn725n
Overwrite SD card?
Cannot use iw scan command
How do I setup retropie to work with a 2.8inch pitft
Can I use eth0 and wlan0 at the same time in diffrent purpose?
Options for streaming audio from other sources to the Pi's audio jack
Thermal printer with Raspberry Pi 2 outputs only Chinese chars
Raspberry Pi cooling; Blow cold air in or suck the hot air out?
Bluetooth RFComm Android
Raspberry PI 3 MODEL B - Wireless Bridge to ethernet
How do I connect my RPi to university Wifi?
Is there a way to set up a tor-ap and be able to turn tor routing off when needed?
Communicating with a NRF24L01
Is there a small lcd display than can still be used with a camera?
How to disable USBboot?
RaspPi 3 does not boot (no ACT LED); trying to re-flash SD card, it shows up as '127 MB unknown'
"Error" being displayed many times when using Minicom after connecting ESP8266 to Raspberry Pi 2 Model B
can't access R-Pi after setting static Ip
Raspi and device taking turns on the I2C bus
Mount usb hdd with exec
Can I do anything with a pre-wired photo resistor and no additional A/D converter?
Push button + LED + sound
Raspberry Pi 2 no longer connects to screen
Multiple segmentation faults
Why is it necessary to "expand the file system"?
PTT For Radio Using RasPI Using GPIO to Join two wires together
Trying to interface with the serial port with a simple program
Vga 666 dual display with HDMI
Why two ground connections on solid state relay?
IOError: [Errno 5] Input/output error
Temporarily put a Pi into energy efficient mode (disable HDMI, avoid X Windows)
Which bluetooth gamepads are compatible with RetroPie?
Simplest way to grab camera images from Java
Connect an iPhone to a Pi 3B with Bluetooth Low Energy
Python Script Read RFComm Data
DHT22 Raspberry Pi 2/3 questionable humidity accuracy
Wire Button Without Resistor
Ethernet speed / scp
Several devices on SPI bus
Broken Python PIP install; What is the correct way to fix?
How to get one common status for different types of programs
How to connect ESP8266 to RPi2 with Raspbian Jessie
Installing chromium on Raspbian
Switch power banks by temporarily attaching two of them
NTP configuration is not working
connecting multiple boards to one raspberry & design recommendations
Raspberry Pi 3 model B CentOS desktop installation
pigpio wave_add_serial unreadable
pip not working Jessie Raspberry Pi2
Raspberry pi 3 not booting up
Is 'dwc2' limited to USB direct connections?
How can I stop the overlay of images between my pi camera and FLIR camera?
Random IO errors on i2c
What Operating System/Web Browser supports HTML5 video with hardware acceleration on the Raspberry Pi?
How to install camera module ribbon?
Schrodingers PI; dead or alive?
Possible to reduce SD image after it's been expanded to fit SD card?
remote desktop control of raspbian "hdmi" desktop
Mounting using Autofs needs to reboot Nfs-server after rebooting the server
Read notepad text from attached flash-drive. raspberry pi text editor shows 2 or 3 strange characters
Disabling ALL USB-ports
Cannot auto-start Java application upon X session login
multicast and unicast
Script on boot up is not updating between calls
Stereo Vision Using Compute Module: Pi camera synchronization
Does the raspberry pi 3 wifi allows to connect to ad-hoc wifis?
Avoid user change without public key
C# code for reading Grove Pi RPISER serial port
Java Jersey Webservice on a Raspberry Pi
How to tell raspivid capturing/paused state?
How to get rid of this video flickering?
have multiple Pi Zeros talk to a Pi3 via USB?
How do you configure the Pi Zero to act as a USB webcam using the plug in camera?
How do I turn my screen upside down?
Android RFComm VR App
Why doesn't IPv6 over SLIP work?
Windows 10 IoT Core, Pi 3 Config.txt
Connecting a Raspberry Pi 3 to an iMac
Can I power a Raspberry Pi 3 with a Smart TV's USB-Port?
Is it possible to buy the BCM2837 Arm Cortex with integrated wireless bluetooth separately from a Raspberry Pi 3?
Read RF from Remote trouble
Partition Format
Connect sensors to the raspberry pi using the inbuilt wifi
Can anyone tell me what your Pi says?
iptables: nat table does not exist
Setting up ad-hoc wireless
Does WLAN work, when USB is turned of in Raspberry Pi 3
How many of the GPIO pins PiTFT - 2.8" TFT 320 x 240 CapacitiveTouchscreen uses?
Video Composite android tv raspberry pi
Max USB current on a Pi Zero V1.3
fswebcam not working
Why do I keep getting a Certificate Verification Failures when trying to pull a github repo?
PiCamera circular buffer piped to gstreamer
Running shell script in cron
How to orientate camera and keep it steady?
Combination of ServoBlaster and wiringPi won't work
Multi-Cam Module Error
Change openelec settings via ssh?
RPi 7" touch display gives bad touch coord after reboot
E: Package '<any package>' has no installation candidate
Can't change user permissions
Is audio via HDMI and line out at the same time possible?
Dark gray desktop, GUI not started, vnc works fine
Pi 3 using windows iot, deployment failed
I2C windows iot can't connect
Cannot display gpio documentation over "man gpio" command
Raspberry Pi 3 - Keyboard & Mouse Not Getting Power
Raspbian Jessie - static IP does not work
Some keyboard keys not working in terminal
Network names switch on Raspberry Pi
Farming and Aquaponics using the Win 10 IoT Core on the Raspberry Pi
Raspberry + Breadboard externally powered: issue on logic
Where do I put downloaded .tar.gz files?
Two way voice transmission using Arduino or Raspberry Pi
Apt not working
Analog to Digital Converter (ADC)
How to allow I2C access for non-root users?
Setting up Pi AP getting errors
Possible to Interface With ISA Sound Card?
RFComm Channel Cleaning
JHD204A - 20x4 dispay
Fan speed control using PWM inside BASH script
DHT22 not working on Raspberry Pi2
Why Internet is slow on Raspberry Pi 3?
Docker command for activating docker.service
Unable to install systemd on debian 7
Read synchronous serial communication with Raspberry Pi
How to install node-connect on an old Model B?
Cannot connect to PiCamera when using it with Flask
Connecting angular encoder to an INTERRUPT to count cycles
What is rpikernelhack?
I knocked a part off of the Raspberry Pi Zero 1.3. Do I really need it? It boots up without it, is that bad?
Creator Matrix "spi message" IO Control Software Issue
How to set a permission to call a Python script from PHP?
Automaticly startup BASH script stop with work after 20min
Code/Cron to detect low power and safe shutdown on GPIO
Pi 3 CDC using pyserial no data received
Is it Possible to manipulate GPIO pins via a Configuration File (.json, .ini et.al)
House switches light the RPI led strip
UV4L from Mobile Hotspot
how to read rfid tag using RC522 module with raspberry pi 3
Is the new 2nd gen Focusrite Scarlett 2i4 compatible with the RPi 3 B
Movie and TV show streaming solution similar to sites like putlocker
Is the Raspberry Pi 3 compatible?
How to control Smart card readers without card on them?
Which hardware to connect a MIDI keyboard to the RPi?
Is it possible to have a domain point to a plex media server?
How do I free up ram?
Adjust brightness of 7 inch Waveshare display
GPIO pin states on powerup
How to reset a compute module stuck in kernel panic?
Is mirrordirector.raspbian.org IPv6 down?
Video streaming on site
Pi 3 Bluetooth Software Requirements
Homebrew Security Camera Network
Sending data to a raspberry pi over serial connection
Getting a raspberry pi online
Optimizing the code that controls 4-DC Motors using Python Dictionary Comprehension
matchbox window manager can't open display
piTFT 2.8 TouchScreen capacitive display TOUCHSCREEN feature does not work
Remote Raspberry Pi from Notepad++: private key error?
connect raspi 3B with ethercat coupler
AttributeError: 'module' object has no attribute 'GPIO' WebIOPi using RPI 3
Printing state of wiringpi pin onto webpage
2 Raspberry Pi's to 1 Arduino Mega
Receiving serial data from XBee
Mounting case or generic mounting board
Irrigation Alarm System
Ubuntu-Mate Ethernet cable SSH
Web interface to monitor and execute python script
How much mA or A does the USB ports on the raspberry pi 3 supply?
Connect two SPI RFID readers in the Raspberry Pi B +
Generation of clk signal by the use of the SPI Protocol
Using three SPI channels with wiring pi?
Raspberry Pi 3 bluetooth pairing issue with tablet
java aggressive heap floating point exception
Am I using the Correct GPIO Pins?
How to reduce motion video file size and how to auto-delete old files
I lose all audio when I install the Waveshare drivers on my Raspberry Pi 3
Error Installing OpenCV on Raspberry Pi
How to connect Multiple RFID Readers to a Single Raspberry Pi
Bluetoothctl scan response in cluster setup
Multiple Raspberry Pi 3 Server monitoring and job automation tools with GUI
Cannot read 433Mhz data
RPI kernel version 4.4.11
Amazon Echo DIY with Matrix Creator
MLX90615 Sensor for Raspberry Pi 3 Model B
Cross compiler gcc on Raspbian
How to control raspberry pi gpio pins over the internet?
Cannot find arduino using pid & vid
RPi2 not booting when USB stick is plugged in
Syncing Image Capture on Raspberry Pi 3 Using Picamera V2
Capture Video & Audio for streaming & recording. Can it be done?
transmission-daemon.serviceJob for transmission-daemon.service failed
Can't load gui with Raspbian
Raspberry PI GPIO not working
Recommended Accel/Gryo/Compass Sensors for the Pi?
5V relay with Raspberry pi 3 Model B
Raspberry Pi Power Limitations
Installing all python modules
udev rules to auto mount usb storage while already running
Airplay doesn't work on Raspberry pi running OSMC - IOS 9
Launch omxplayer for video from local HTML
Using MacBook Pro Monitor for displaying Raspbian OS
Getting bluetooth to work on Raspberry Pi 3 after a dist-upgrade
Jessie Lite: kernel module knfsd.ko is missing
Wifi Configuration wlan0 unassociated
Using fbi - No such file or directory
Whats the name of the package for grub2
C++ API for Raspberry pi camera not working
My user "pi" is a sudo user but cant run the sudo command in LXTerminal
Building a Camera that tracks a target
Raspberry PI + DS1820 + Led. Resistor confusion (series or parallel?)
SSH and VNC insanely slow on RPi 2
How to get executable code for raspberry pi from arm-linux-gnueabi-gcc cross compiler
socat Virtual Serial Port on RPi3 data issue
overlay from opencv on top of camera stream
How to use Raspberry Pi 3 inbuilt bluetooth for serial communication with PC?
What should I use for wireless communication between an Arduino and a Raspberry Pi
Set Navit's internal keyboard language - Help!
Raspberry pi 2 B won't detect temp sensor DS18B20
Problem with everloop_demo from MATRIX Creator
Hardware Volume Control - Runeaudio - HifiBerry Amp+ - Python
Is there any way to further increase the speed of clk in spi?
Multiple rotary encoder raspberry pi 12C GPIO
How to reinstall 1wire support
Visual C++ Linux Development Environment, Raspbian, and nRF24L01 (RF24)
Raspberry pi 3 no wlan0 listed - no wireless
Using a potentiometer to control a servo HAT
Official 7 inch display with Windows 10 preview?
Port forwarding - Not sure which community to post this in
How can I lower the USB voltage of my Raspberry Pi?
Can I use scratch for generating the script which can use Raspberry pi3's peripherals?
Citrix Receiver & Midori
Steady Red Light With One Green Light Flash After Booting Pi
How do I get the 74HC165 shift register to work with my Raspberry Pi and Java
External powered HDD not listed after boot
UWP app on Raspbian
Permission issues using sickrage and transmission
Raspberry Pi 2 NEON instruction set, vector report generation?
What is the speed of the Camera Serial Interface (CSI) and its cable?
Autorun Firefox on startup...grrrrrrr!
Debugging a RPi using SWD
Making the admatec C-Berry 3.2" display the primary screen
How construct MISO byte order with SPI interface
Use Arduino shields with the Raspberry Pi
Comparison of terminal (non-gui) performance for Raspberry Pi 3 Model B on different Linux OS distros
Use of gpio interrupt 2 rather than interrupt 3
Unable to get audio through hdmi on my raspberry pi zero
Cron jobs and python scripts
One speaker system, multiple inputs
Raspberry Pi stable date time
raspberry pi model B+/ install eCos
Raspberry Pi 3 Bluetooth Baud rate
Raspberrypi 3 camera port
GPIO value change has no effect on the GPIO status
Raspberry Pi Model B+ pins not working with Ubuntu 14.04
Why do I keep seeing a red box when trying to connect my FLIR thermal scanner?
df command - Doubt about free space
Connecting the Pi3 automatically to Wifi
Picamera or Webcam Web Interface
Supply 3.3V via GPIO header (Pi3)
New Raspberry Pi B+ not compatible with Noobs 1.4
want to receive 5 to 6 sensor(connected to arduino) data to raspberry using single devices
Which ai service should I use in for my own ai raspberry pi project? And what are the best sources for learning to build an AI in raspberry Pi?
flashing compute module with usbboot
Can I have one raspberry pi access the memory of another pi?
Pi UART Flow Control Doesn't Work - Pi's Tx to Peripheral's Rx
Mount the FAT32 partition of the SDCard of which RPi is booting to edit cmdline.txt
How to make a python 3 file executable and pause after running
Raspberry Pi3 need to install media
Traditional swap file rather than dphys-swapfile?
Real time depth measurement system
Help with except ValueError:
Read/Write on Raspberry Pi 3 Bluez C/C++
Unable to bring CAN interface up on Raspberry Pi 3
Moving SD card from Pi 2 to Pi 3: only see a "rainbow square"
How to run a script when a device is connected to USB?
Gstreamer player dont play
Raspberry Pi 3B not booting
Hat making I2C unusable
Pairing Problems 8bitdo SFC30 with Recalbox
Raspberry Pi will not boot after configuring it
Raspberry 3 with more than one power output
Simple bare metal code on Pi 3 doesn't work
Screen go blank with WIFI USB Dongle
Raspberry PI Momentry switch - too many presses
How to register new devices with the Azure IoT Hub/How can I send new sensors' data to my IoT Hub without editing my code?
How do I programmatically retrieve a unique identifier for a Raspberry Pi using C#/Windows IoT?
Will an automated scp script share files between Pis without Passwords?
I can't power my RPi 3b with AA batteries
Using a Raspberry Pi to detect activity in a circuit?
How do I setup my Kedei 3.5 touchscreen on my Raspberry Pi 2 model B?
Consistent Corruption of SD Card
Error while updating Raspberry pi 3 running arch linux arm
Red LED on the Camera is not turning off?
Controlling a 5m WS2812 LED Strip. Which power supply?
Using Ubuntu host to create/manage Retropie
changing values on a GPIO input pin via software/script
What is the Maximum Size for an SD Card that the Pi 3 B?
Copying an MicroSD Card to another Card with a different size
Can't install rails3 - unmet dependencies
Rsync command is accessing excluded files
USB hub powering the Pi and a HDD
Wiring a Fan via SSR to a Raspberry Pi3 GPIO
Removing java 8 from Raspbian Jessie adds packages?
RPi 3 B with Raspbian, LibreELEC and RetroPie?
Multiple DHT22 sensors in different sets of GPIO ports
How to change mirror fast and near site from archive.respibian
How to SSH (or remotely connect) into to the Pi 3 though its own Wi-fi?
Syncing multiple Pis operations via GPIO
[PiZero]: How to pair internet over usb (win10) on PiZero?
netflix on kodi/openELEC
Does VLC Media Player 2.2.4 support hardware acceleration on a Raspberry Pi 3?
autostart script stop working
Trade Pokemon RetroPie
How Do You Install Pi Store?
Raspbian-Boot: Failed to start light display
Install UWP application on SD card
Making WebIOPi work on Raspberry Pi 3
How do I start RetroPie
How to change default username on Raspberry Pi when connected via ssh?
How to put Raspbian onto an SD without any third party software?
Is there a way to install "true" debian on a Raspberry pi 3?
How can I wire a separate battery pack and control it with the 40-pin GPIO?
Raspberry Pi Web Server - how to forward traffic from router to RPI local address
Raspberry Pi Receive from Serial Port
Run Program on boot
OSMC- Problem only with music playback
Sainsmart 1.8 inch tft not working
Kernel Panic: VFS : Unable to mount root fs on unknown-block (179,7) after unplugging. Is SD corrupted?
Set static IP and stop DHCP on Jessie Lite
Tablet PC on Windows 8.1 with hdmi like a screen for raspberry
Best hardware+software to read UHF RFID tags?
reading analog not working
Kodi and SNES30 (bluetooth) not working
Seems to work fine, but the red light is sometimes off
Is there a .exe alternative for Raspbian?
TightVNC connection constantly fails
Turning 'tvservice' on and off leaves screen blank
Can PoE ethernet cable damage raspberry pi?
Split HDMI output into two adjacent images
Bad Raspberry boards?
Pi 1 Model B and Minecraft Pi
How to run a golang program in the background?
Thermal printer does not react
Retrieving Sensor data via Xbee
Transfer file between raspberry pi and android app over internet
Pi3 WiFi extremely slow
PiFm on raspi-zero
Simple python web server?
Bash command to append to /boot/config.txt
Starting hostapd with script, interference from dhcpd
How do I change pi-hole's URL?
How to use RasPiArduino on the Pi 3?
Cannot connect to RPi2 if wlan is configured
Using openbox to autostart GUI application Raspberry Pi 3
How to install Google Cloud SDK on Raspberry Pi 2 Jessie
Raspberry pi (running ubuntu 14.04) citrix problem
RetroPie + 4.0" TFT screen not working
Decoding mp4/h264 video frames on the JVM
Microphone Raspberry Pi 3(Jessie)
Raspberry Pi 3 lirc "could not connect to socket"
Light a led without GPIO board
Multiple TwitterBots on one RaspberryPi?
How can I add a custom video stream to Kodi
/dev/ttyusb0 cannot be find while starting script on boot for raspberrry pi
How to permanently hide mouse pointer or cursor on Raspberry PI?
Do motors directly powered by the Raspberry Pi (USB or GPIO) exist?
use d-k i see only usb0
Problem with WebIOPi and Raspberry Pi 3
Parallel data ADC with GPIO
How can you get video display using the FLIR thermal camera
Connect a raspberry Pi to a Apple 30 pin dock (or car)
What can I use for more picamera effects?
Picamera Python Library Alternatives
Disable power on Wifi and Bluetooth interfaces during boot?
Making a simple graphical OS
Anyone know a way to use Chromecast as a screen for my TV
I need the dimensions for the RPI Zero and RPI3
RPi 3 blinking Red and Green light
Problems with a Static IP address
How do you run internet files
2 separate audio outputs sample player
Where can I share my cool scripts?
Safely using the ground pin
Home server setup with Raspberry pi
Why do I get an error message tells me that Pi Camera is not enabled even though it is?
dhcp obtains IP but no connection to Internet after upgrade to Jessie from Wheezy
Can I install the same OS more than once in multiboot mode?
Win10 IoT Screen Orientation Wont Change for Raspberry Pi 3 + RPi 7" Display
Keyboard Layout for Login Screen
Espeak works very slowly
Strange behaviour in I2C baud rate - RPI2-B / PRI3
Unable to get 3.5 inch touchscreen to work with Pi 3B
How change language from keyboard in raspbian
BLE + RPi 3 + Node.Js
Toggle Switch for Flight Simulator
GPIO 02 and 03 seem always high when used as an input (with pull down resistors attached)
Switch to AP with higher priority and get new IP upon connection to new AP
wifi dongle is not supported by Raspbian
ssh_exchange_identification: read: Connection reset by peer
Samsung 3.8 v battery + adafruit usb boost
Pi 3 Raspbian "stretch" (testing) disables wifi
How to rotate motion's output
How to install the MINI4x6 terminal font on the latest Raspbian (Jessie-lite)
Connect Raspberry Pi to Macintosh 128k's cathodic screen
Raspberry Pi B+ Overclocking
Raspi CPU is not working?
Serial not work when running python script at pi boot
Re Establish my Git server
Raspberry Pi isn't connected as a remote debugger?
Microstax GPS - fine then garble
Make a linux to run on ARM architecture
Hardware Issue - RPi3 renaming eth0 to eth1
Control 5m of WS2812 LED Strip: Wire it up
Using Pi 3 Bluetooth with external GPS
Retropie n64 Mario Party Issues
What is the correct wiring using a break beam sensor with a Raspberry Pi 3?
ImportError: No module named Rpi.GPIO
Has anyone successfully ran the raspberry pi camera v2 on Android on the rpi3?
Why am I not receiving a DHCPOFFER, RaspberriPi, DHCP, Linux
Weird output on 7" HDMI/USB touchscreen
I2C fails when pinball machine connected via MCP23017 draws high power
Setting up a WiFi-direct connection using pi3+arch linux arm and Android
i wanted to use an android phone to dispose of a portable display powered over usb. But neither the ssh or the Gui are working>
Automatically connect to available WiFi after startup
Raspberry Pi B+ Overclocking: Force Turbo not working [Solved: Undervoltage Problem]
Adafruit i2c LCD Plate wired to RaspberryPi only shows 2 lines of blocks
Problem using I2C with ioctl() and GPIOs with wiringPi simultaneously
Remote desktop to main session
Turn on a circuit, using Raspberry Pi
Raspbian won't reboot
Reading CAN bus data (OBD-II)
VNC Viewer - Toolbar not clickable
What's the reason that we can't log in to the the RaspPi via USB cable?
Understanding the memory map in QA7 document on the official website
OSX - How to Wipe a SDCard
Trying to SSH in using urxvt gives error
Setting up a server farm with few RPi
loosing static ip when link goes temporarily down
Raspberry Pi 3 Model B - Windows IoT RDP Client
Seeking help for a simple Interval Alarm (Pi Zero)
Changing i2c sda1/slc1 Pin
Under water video streaming
Fonts are not clear on TV display
Pulseaudio 6.0 on raspbian jessi
How to install RTC on RPi3 with Kali Linux as OS?
Raspberry Pi 3B refusing to shut down
Overclocking - CPU Frequency Measurement Accuracy: vcgencmd vs cpuinfo_cur_freq
How do I set gdb's syntax to intel
Automatically connect trusted Bluetooth speaker
Why is boot crashing on preliminary keymap with Retropie? (Pi Zero)
executing terminal command from python takes very long time
How I connect and connect this ph sensor to Raspberry Pi 2?
Raspberry PI 3 Increase Gpu Memory to 944
i/o pins 0 1 2 3V GND ble transmitter and receiver that can connect to the raspberry pi
How to provide a list of WiFi ID's and Passwords to Connect to Various WiFi Routers
Door sensor data sent to pi wirelessly
Very odd and frustrating behaviour of multiple raspberry pi becoming unresponsive
RetroPie + Ultracabs USB 2 player interface
my program wont work when I auto run it
restricted shell (rsh) on raspbian
PWM conflicts with I2C?
Connect Respberry 3 to VGA monitor using HDMI to VGA Converter
Do I need the Connection Bridge if I want to connect e-Health Sensor Shield with raspberry pi 3 model b?
Why do I get "Segmentation fault" while running git clone?
Pi 2 Windows IoT support for onboard CSI camera port
Unable to connect to the internet via web browser
apt-get error while installing software
Rpi3 Access Point/Hotspot Connects but no Internet
Win IoT: Ethernet Config
Configuring NRF24l01 Radio using TMRh20 library takes no effect
Creating high quality video/audio pi stream
Can you replace a DSL modem with a Raspberry Pi?
Raspberry Pi does not boot properly after installing django
How to use Python and PiCamera to capture photos on a parallel process
SSH over Bluetooth with iOS
Edimax EW-7811Un cannot connect to wifi
VNC only display a terminal window
USB HID device not showing up as ttyUSB* that I can draw info from
Can raspberry pi generate many 40khz square wave on GPIO pin using package supported from simulink?
Raspberry Pi control light
rpi lirc_rpi in and outputs wrong
Mounting USB Stick As Internal Storage On Raspberry Pi
Can the pi2go Lite be programmed to count steps?
setting up RPI TFT, GPIO and touchscreen questions
Disable Overscan not working
replicating one Raspberry Pi to many
How to properly Daisy Chain MCP23017 and MCP 23008
Ethernet camera is not reachable
I can't find the Raspberry PI Configuration on my Jessie setup
Installation problems in virtualenv
Setting up matrix-creator install and failling on "Unable to locate package matrix-creator-init"
Build source code of OS to work on pi
Where is the wifi password stored on Raspbian?
TightVNC Server - remove password
Using one Raspberry Pi as the Interface to trigger a camera on another Raspberry Pi zero
PIP package certificate error
RPi2 : Kernel panic after updating, unable to mount fs on unknown block (179,2)
connecting common anode rgb led
Flashing Red LED on RPi2 when relay is switched on
sound problem with DAC on web radio
PuTTY X11 proxy: unable to connect to forwarded X server
RPI as a Cloud Server
RPi Zero unable to boot Operating System
Raspberry Pi Wifi Access Point behind Proxy
Mount error(6) when trying to mount a network path on a Raspberry Pi running Raspbian
Simulated Keypress Event
Code debugging, led control by date from file, Python
Raspberry Pi Auto Mounting to the Wrong Location
Unable to change large desktop fonts
Radio frequency spectrum analyzer for Raspberry Pi
What is Lite-Based pitft OS?
interpret data from universal gcode sender on raspberry pi
Direct two-way communication between a PC Application and a Pi Application
Will a win32diskimager copy of my R-Pi2 work on my R-Pi3?
Is there any peace of DMA code?
How to blacklist devices on a raspberry pi 3 router setup?
Copying files from bootable pendrive to SD card
Suggestions to monitor mains voltage from a heating stat
How to use a 4x4 keypad in Python?
Running Windows 10 and ScrapeBox
Routing problem
Raspbian command usermod
How to write a initial script and let it run a command automatically
PWM output using RPi
/etc/bluetooth/main.conf doesn't include 'ControllerMode = le'
avoid dnsmasq to run at boot
fsck keeps returning “fsck usage: fsck [-fdnypq] [-l number]” on sd card for raspberry pi
It's possible to rewrite sd card image over the ssh
Is there any way to stream music from an RPi2 to an iPhone/iPod/iPad/Other Device from off the network? Like a Plex server, but just for music
How to build a LM393 MQ-2 smoke sensor circuit with a Raspberry Pi?
Wiring a 3 pin toggle switch to Raspberry Pi 3
Raspbian on HardDrive
Optimization of picamera frame decoding for opencv processing
rpi kind of turns off (not accessible by ssh / vnc, red light on), var/log with regulatory domain
How to automatically run a Python GPIO script at boot?
What is the current Pandora TLS Fingerprint for Pianobar Running on the Raspberry pi?
How do I Install Kivy for python 3.4 on my raspberry? Is that possible?
What are the intrinsic parameters for Camera Module v2, or where can I find them?
use gpio out direction with out changing the value
How to set up Edimax ew-7811un on Kali Linux
Unable to create a bootable Raspbian Lite SD card with the `dd` command
When to power GPIO projects from external power source?
Is a 500 watt floodlight compatable with Raspberry Pi Relay Board v1.0?
Why can't I connect to my Pi with SSH from outside my LAN?
Microsoft Xbox 360 pad and Kodi mapping issues - Retropie 4.0
Is it safe to use an unpowered HDMI to VGA converter on Raspberry Pi 3?
Failure to boot after power cycle
Why does Mono distort the rendering of aspx web pages on Raspberry PI 3?
How to backup sd card running raspibian to disk image?
Sense HAT GPIO Pins Broke Off
Sound not working anymore after first use of GPIO
How to detect state of GPIO Pin in Python
How do I force SSH to use password, not rsa key?
How to label micro-SD cards?
GPIO stop working nodejs Raspberry Pi, Gpio no longer enable
Monitor HDMI compatibility
Unable to install npm onoff
why jumper wire are small length?
Does Raspberry PI work with UTC time by default?
Fast Bayer Sensor Capture
Booting with Grub on U-Boot
Pi crashing when powered through 5V pin
Raspberry pins go high and low while booting
Use Android phone as display for RPi3
Way to have auto configured Remote GUI access to an RPi over the Internet? using something like a Remote Utilities tunnel?
Getting Information from one Raspberry to another
LXPanel unresponsive and off desktop
Questions about bus addresses
Transfer file programatically between two Raspberry Pi 3 via bluetooth
GdkGLExt-WARNING **: Window system doesn't support OpenGL
Driving PWM output frequency
Raspberry Pi 3 USB booting
Reason that Raspberry PI running under Mono 4.4.2 requires the MonoApplications line rather than the MonoApplicationsConfigDir line
Error transferring file from Raspberry Pi to other device using Bluetooth
How to make a switch program for GPIO-controlled multi-colour-LED's
Creating multiple SD cards with varying config
What's wrong with my DMA controller code?
Raspberry Pi virtual keyboard for Chromium Kiosk
How Can I Emulate An x86 CPU on a Raspberry Pi with Qemu?
Does Kodi not support ultra HD 4k videos?
basic ssh issue
Why don't LXC containers start on RPi1B (lxc_seccomp policy loading error)?
Use nc pins of 5 inch HDMI touchscreen
Turn Screen Backlight Off?
Capture AV/HDMI and stream over the network? (+IR extender too, maybe?)
tkinter on Raspberry Pi; Raspbian/Jessie Python 3.4
accessing google spreadsheet through python
can gpio pins take time to return values
Make Geany the default
Cant work out problem with python code using GPIO
DS3231 RTC corruption issue @ reboot with raspberry pi3 on 2016-05-27-raspbian-jessie
How do you fix the screen size of raspberry Pi 7" screen
Download video and play on repeat
QML without X11
Converting 24V to 5V for GPIO power supply
Why is my Raspberry Pi 3 display not filling the screen?
Does Raspbian's `/proc/config.gz` contain the running kernel's settings?
Change default console TERM from vt102 to xterm?
Control apartment buzzer
Controlling OWI-535 (Maplin) Robot Arm using GPIO pins and python
How to connect to raspberry pi outside of local network without port forwarding
Boosting FM range transmission from Raspberry Pi
Raspberry pi boots to root user in terminal when mounted USB HDD is not plugged in
Why does it take so long to serve and draw an uncached aspx page using Raspberry PI 3?
can PiNet provide other distibutions than Raspbian?
After boot I have two instances of Pure Data application
SSH into pi via wifi, use internet on pi via internet
What do following options mean in /boot/config.txt?
Automate screenshots of web sites requiring login
Configuring audio to produce balanced mono output
What will happen if I Power-ON RPI simultaneously from GPIO Header Power pins and Micro USB?
How to fix GATTTools GLib-WARNING **: Invalid file descriptor
Sabertooth 2x25 controlled by raspberry pi
Can I use my PC as a keyboard via bluetooth to Raspberry Pi 3 with touch screen?
How Much Current for GPIO Power Supply?
Are Rpi1B 256MB / Rpi1B512 interchangeable using *the same* SD/card (Raspbian)?
TL-WN823N not working with Pi Zero
Checking if a given program is running
New Raspberry pi video output to laptop not working
Problem using /dev/tty1 as a slave device via USB>TTL (RPiv2-B)
raspberry pi as input, changing input value to high
Usb sound inbuilt with camera not detected in raspbian jassie 2016-02-26
xmpp chat client for raspbian to send and receive messages & files cross platform devices
WLAN0 stopped working
pip3.4: command not found
What is range of the in-built Bluetooth of the Raspberry Pi 3?
installing PyAudio on Raspbian OS Jessie
Does Raspberry Pi provide SDK for native iOS development (objective-c or swift) to communicate with each other?
Cannot resolve hostnames
How to display HQ videos on RPI 2 model B Running Fedora ARM
Until when does Raspbian Wheezy receive *security* updates?
Can consolekit sefely be removed, when running headless (no GUI)?
RPi zero ethernet connection via HDMI port using a HDMI to RJ45 adaptor
Rpi zero USB hub (not powered) for 3G dongle and USB to ethernet adaptor
Failing to install Jenkins on Raspberry Pi 3 Model B
Cron job not running ruby script
Wiring Java not always works
Network Configuration Reset & Bridge wlan1 to eth0
Arduino Mega 2560 VS Raaspberry Pi 3
Keep GUI from running at boot in Raspbian?
I want to toggle a pushbutton and display it on tkinter GUI
Autohide onscreen keyboard in Chromium
What is the significance of the X11 ssh-agent?
continue running after disconnect
How to install mpi4py on for Python3 on Raspberry Pi after installing MPICH?
starting wlan0 as default for accessing internet
ZoomFloppy and Raspberry Pi
gpio: command not found
How much force can the ports/ board handle?
Raspberry Pi Control Computer
Mobile Development On A Pi
Internal network between multiple RPis
Raspberry Pi not connecting to Wi-Fi (OctoPi)
Which Raspberry operating systems are there as SD card image?
Raspbian system-wide hang after using "reset" and logging-off from the serial console
Tell apart RPi 1 from RPi 2 via SSH only
Keyboard configuration doesn't work via SSH?
What is the maximum frequency of a pulse width modulation signal for the raspberry pi 3?
Connect a pressure sensor with Raspberry Pi 2
Analog/Digital IO pins
Raspberry Pi support Bootrom USB download?
How to exclude specific folder in rsync?
rsync exclude-from does not work
Inverting iptables interfaces
Problems with server services on Raspberry Pi3
Error updating oauth2client with pip install --upgrade
How do I insert key frames at particular times with PiCamera?
Did i break my new toy? :-(
my asoundrc is modified every reboot
Raspbian Kernel panic
Procmon equivalent for Raspbian
How would one turn on his raspberry over HDMI
Remote desktop connection via SSH tunneling
Live streaming with Raspberry Pi Camera
wiringPiSetup: Must be root (Did you forget sudo ?)
Pyfirmata reading sensor connected to Arduino through I2C
Raspberry Pi Cannot Boot, SD card loaded with NOOBS
Raspberry Pi 3 can't update IP address
Autorun c executable on boot
Check system name and kernel version in script
Digital signal calibration
Find IR codes for a LIRC remote
Raspberry Camera on Kodi
Portable power supply for RPI3 and official touchscreen requirements
Terminal hangs while executing wvdial startup for 3G stick
Fdisk in a script
How to calculate how many watts a resistor need?
Sharing folder with windows computer
Raspberry pi 2 model b+ odd booting issue
I have two MicroSD cards that no longer work in my Raspberry Pi 2
Sensor to activate remote lights on Wi-Fi
Real time adc for RPI
Wiring GPIO pins to the RUN input on Raspi 3
Digital input GPIO
Arduino UNO and Raspberry Pi
How to remaster TinyCoreLinux for Raspberry Pi aka piCore Linux?
Windows 10 IoT Core dies after a few hours
How to read the status of the Power-LED on Raspberry Pi 3 with Python
Raspberry Pi = Chromecast + Chromecast Audio (2-in-1)?
Can the official 7" touch display be used at the same time as an hdmi monitor?
Upon compiling opencv, the pi is reporting that it is out of space
Considerations when choosing the stepper motor for the RPi
HelloWorld web.py doesn't work
What happens when I have the official 7" display and connect a monitor via HDMI?
Can I run a shell script located on /boot just by modifying other files on /boot?
DIY USB 3 Way Splitter on Raspberry Pi Zero
Beep sounds when error using speaker
can i build a cheap linear actuator
getting error on raspbian boot up failing to start Load Kernel Modules
Access GPIO pins through a Flask + Apache/mod_wsgi
How to add raspberry pi / raspbian distro specific build-deps to a Debian package
Exclude kernel modules from plain Buildroot 2016.05 image
Wireless connection dropping after pluging in ethernet
Raspberry PI and RFID within same case?
RPi3 Noobs with Raspbian
Where is config.txt in Arch ARM image?
Raspberry Pi Zero 1.3 Audio pins
can I dualboot kali and OSMC?
How to download and install Python 3.5 in Raspbian
How to connect Raspberry pi to wi-fi network?
Start / Stop mumble server with gpio button press
Even setting a pin to output activates the relay
is ubuntu-on-pi2 able to run gqrx?
Can i develop a wireless/Bt app for smartphone through which i can controll the raspberry pi gpio pins?
Fast interface to computer other than Ethernet
Is there an affordable and flexible API dash button for Rasberry Pi?
Pi gets /24 address on reboot even though I'm running /26
How can I set up a VPN port on the Pi?
How can I send AT commands to raspberry pi 2 serial uart ble module from python script
MPD hangs on song change
running a command on pi boot after IP is assigned
Static IP on Pi3 error
Cannot mount shared NAS directory with ownCloud
encoding problem: unable to find the match text only during reboot
Error compiling and loading driver on the Raspberry Pi
Error synchronising database while installing reviewBoard
Automatically turn on if battery is full.
Can't connect to mongodb on pi locally - can connect remotely
Glype running on Apache2 and PHP 5.6.24 witch cURL enabled can't find the settings file for admin configuration
Force quit Python script / edit rc.local?
How do I pause and stop video of omxplayer by using python script?
wrong date after power supply interuption ( Sun 28thDec 2014)
Raspberry Pi 3 PWM
RPi2 Fronius serialport converter not mapped to /dev/ttyUSBx
Pi-Hole Lighttpd
With RPi 3 cannot write to I2C
Kivy and Raspberry PI
My Display Won't Work
Passive speaker connected to the Pi
PiFM on the Pi 2
MPD Hangs when trying to use JACK
What is the difference between the GPIO pins BCM 14 and BCM 18?
Is there a way to make the Raspberry Pis boot from the network
Opencv on python3
Bluetooth connection from Mac to Pi disconnects a few seconds after successful connection
Can Several Computers be Used as One?
Ubuntu 16LTS OR MongoDB v3.4 on Raspberry Pi 3
Get core temp in Java
How can I upload sketches to an Arduino over a raspberry pi?
Raspberry Pi Zero power with PS4 Controller cable
OpenCV and python3
Using standard Debian repositories/pagackes with Raspbian
Should I go for a power bank that has 5v output and 12 volt output
Implement a GPIO function with a callback calling a asyncio method
GPIO extension board v3.0 on Raspberry Pi 3 B 1.2?
Is it possible to use 1 microphone in 2 applications at the same time
Raspberry Pi won't boot up after installing Adafruit's Jessie PiTFT image
RetroPie & PS3 Controller over Bluetooth
Are all arduino modules compatible with raspberry pi
second virtualhost causes apache2 failure
I cannot call a php-script from bash
Sensor Bus for USB
Wrong colors in webcam picture
Raspberry pi zero not booting
Problem with setting up NOOBS
GUI Python program
What is /dev/vchiq in Raspberry Pi?
connect to host port 22: Connection refused
Python Variable Invalid Syntax
Downloading Raspbian OS
How to allow a program with a high utilization of the processor to run for a long time
Raspberry Pi - Port Forwarding Issue
How to share PPPoE connection via WiFi?
When I try to connect to my Pi via ethernet, it gives me this error
Record two mics via pyaudio
Control browser in fullscreen with python program
boot luakit (or midori) on bare X11 desktop (kiosk app, PI3, jessie)
Problem with sitting up Pi3 (Headless)
How to emulate a Raspbian image on a PC to access the data?
Modifying HTTP traffic when being a man in the middle
Chromium issue on Rpi3 and Ubuntu 16.04
Writing option bytes of STM32F091RC on raspberry pi using ST-LINK/V2
Distance Sensor placement of resistor
Pi Zero with 2 Ethernet ports connected to a Router and a Computer
The mirror that apt-get is trying to use is down
transferring files from remote servers to local
Where can I get a COMPLETE libfcgi install for Pi 3B
Problem with raspi camera recording
Problems making the swift compiler to work
8176 Realtek Semiconductor Corp. RTL8188CUS 802.11n WLAN Adapter
After dd copy image, logging in on ArchArm shows "Module unknown"
Unable to apt-get update but connected to internet?
Cross compile problem?
Piface Digital Master and PiFace Relay Plus Slave
Listening for keystrokes through a GSM module
RPi 3 DHT22 question about the sensor
Unable to repair sd disk partition
LED resistor question
Taking a screenshot of Minecraft-pi using GIMP or scrot doesn't work
Nano Thermal Printer
Training Pocketsphinx on raspberry pi 3
Print to usb Printer (ql700) from python code
Character set change
Livestreaming video and saving it in the lower quality on the sd card at the same time
Installing sublime text on raspberry pi
Can not get Raspberry Pi to send UDP Datagram
Impossible to Close Program
Raspberry 1, no wifi dongle detected (TP-Link TL-WN823N)
Pi running dnsmasq can't resolve own hostname
Raspberry pi to adafruit fingerprint scanner
How to make admin account
adafruit_video_looper pause/resume button
Raspberry get stuck after some days of working
Where is my wlan password located on raspberry pi?
Wireless streaming on Pi
Autorun Firefox in fullscreen-mode on startup
Install wifi on minimum OS
Can't get xdotool to Ctrl+Tab after loading chromium-browser Pi-3 Raspbian Jessie
(xfce4-terminal) Failed to connect to the session manager: SESSION_MANAGER environment variable not defined
FFMPEG Raspberry Pi to Facebook Live Stream
Pi Boot Crash with Disabled Keyboard
ADS1115 PT100 circuit
Connect to secured and hidden SSID without manually editing config files
Raspberry Pi 3 not detected by pc
wifi dongle acknowledged but not transmitting
Noobs Lite - automatically install Raspbian
Preconfigure NOOBS for Wifi
Year Long Raspberry Pi Timelapse
Screen blanks after ten minutes and won't come back
99% humidity during the night and indoors using DHT22
Howto: Power on/off for GPIO3 (Pin 5)
How to get Chromium working on Pi-3
Error Installing libraries for a HMC5883L
PuTTY can't launch X programs when IPv6 is disabled
LCD USB Touchscreen calibration eGalax
Can I use ID_SD and ID_SC pins (GPIO 0 and GPIO 1) for general purpose?
Raspberry Pi 3 Display Cable, what is it called? How to attach?
EEPROM Raspberry pi HAT read
Python code to read raw input until a button is pressed which is connected in gpio
Rpi-update fails with SSL (self-signed) error
Direct all storage requirement to usb drive
low level GPIO programming
Can I tell if NTP Synch has happened since boot?
config.txt - Should I use CEA or DMT for different types of VGA monitors?
Two instances raspberry
Weather Python RPI
How to download and install I2C library on Raspberry Pi?
Raspberry Date and Time
Find what changes took place after apt-get update
Slice of Radio and Wirelessthings sensor timing out when configuring (868Mhz)
Is there a way to make a RP3-B act as a USB gadget/periferal?
Reliable method to differentiate a Raspberry Pi 2 and 3?
Trouble shooting on RPI 3 under Raspbian Jessie (set by NOOBS)
Error installing dependencies of openmediavault
Raspberry can't boot
How to SSH Into Pi Using a Script
Android operating system with touchscreen?
VLC Socket bind error at boot
Can I interface with a BeagleBone Cape from a Raspberry Pi
DS18B20 shows 00-xx0000
New to electronics in general, are these two LiPo batteries identical?
SystemD unit dependencies to start wiringPi GPIO application
Possible to display current time in pi camera recording?
Thread working with I2C blocked
Error while trying to install pubnub using pip
Using Wifi Adapter As Access Point To Ssh To Pi without ethernet
What version of Raspbian will Raspberry PI 3 run?
Bluetooth PAN (tethering) error: 'failed to obtain ip address on bnep0'
Disable expert mode
reading serial from tty, data become corrupted after a certain delay
How do pull-down resistors work?
Will a device designed for the 2x13 pins of Model A also work on Model B with 2x20 pins?
Raspberry Pi 3 Model B Timers
Is it possible to sample 6 microphones at 11 kHz each with a Raspberry Pi Zero?
Why was my last AT command routine is not viewed in the output?
Not Able To Get Sensor Readings on AM2302
Cronjob to send temperature alert via SMS
How to use piscope from my pigpio library on python
Why would my Raspberry Pi only display a blinking "_" after bootup
How to boot with customized image without the text to Console Autologin
LAN or Ethernet on RPI3 not working completely
Devuan for Raspberry Pi 2 Username and Password?
DPKG failing with fail2ban
What python package to use for UART?
RPi.GPIO autocompletion
Aten US424 USB switch and Raspberry Pi 3
Why is my USB device not fitting into the port
Terminal setup of Bluetooth tethering
Have I been sent a dead Pi?
Why ArduPi library does not work?
Bug with writing to file in linux /sys/class/gpio
Block read py-spidev using xfer or xfer2
Install Atom editor on Raspberry Pi
Use RPi to monitor local bandwith usage
Why is my GPIO not switching my attached relay?
Nexio Touchscreen
Raspberry pi, how to debug rx, tx pin
How much difference do the stick-on heat sinks make?
Can't install greenlet==dev even knowing greenlet greenlet (0.4.10) is installed
Securing the Pi for use as a server
apt-get stopped working
How can I run GPIO.wait_for_edge and an GPIO.add_event_detect on the same pin?
How to autoplay an audio stream at startup?
How to Configure VNC to Parrot Security OS?
Sleep when not used, wake up when used!
Surveillance system - SD card corruption/power outages considerations
How to make a custom package available for raspberry pi 2?
raspbian-output-video-camera-to-3-5-lcd
Digital Camera - view webcam (not pi camera) and capture image on button click inside a browser - preferrabily php
Power external devices
Option for Arch Linux not showing in NOOBS. Alternative solutions?
Where delete the parameter that references the UART serial port (ttyAMA0)?
how to add a photo to scratch background?
Reading X axis from i2c library with a HMC5883L
What libraries do I need to write a desktop application for Raspbian with Visual Studio "C++ for Linux" and remote GDB Debugging?
boot_delay, delay USB power on or not?
Question regarding IP forwarding and running services at the same time
Resistors on the RPI GPIO
How to connect about 50 Bosch BNO055 sensors to one RasPi 3?
LEDS with RPI GPIO
How to make a Minecraft door in python on Minecraft Raspberry Pi edition
Apache2 using older PHP version than what was installed
Library to allow use of Pi camera in projects?
GPIO: Warning Channel already in use
Dependency problems with nginx
GPIO LED not turning on
Windows IoT GPIO with VB.Net
VNC on Raspberry Pi 3B
How much space do I need on my SD card for Raspbian?
Mirror display on a TV via wireless HDMI
Unable to connect Pi3 built in wi-fi to any network
Vehicle 12v detection or measurement
How to restore SD card backup?
Can't access SD card contents (Ubuntu) after inserting SD into Android phone
How reduce RPi boot-up time in Raspbian Jessie?
Reasons for Raspberry Pi not responding to network ping?
Fast Copy from Raspi 3 to USB?
Can I boost up the GPIO 5V output to 12V
/dev/ttyAMA0 on RPi2 issues with RX echoing back over TX
Unable to install dialog package
Raspberry Pi 3 POWER REQUIREMENTS
Remotely view a live stream from the pi using 3g dongle
Play multiple different .mp4 videos without gaps
TXD0/RXD0 to D+/D-
RPI3 Windows IoT I2C - how stable is it?
Start NGINX Server at Login?
Need help with interfacing SIM 900A module Python code for RPi 2
Hyperterminal for RPi: data transfer from device to RPi
How to connect raspberry pi to an open WiFi network (like in shopping mall)?
The static IP address does is not the sam as configure in /etc/network/interfaces file
Bare metal: Why does the CPU automatically read instructions from the SD card?
GPIO modes without breaking serial
Help with a small script to start something after network comes back on
Python GUI script at startup
Copy of SD in second Pi - system work but several services do not start
How to set up a router and connect it to another wifi
Raspberry Pi uses wrong network interface
saving pictures file name as camera ID
Accessing a remote Desktop on a Raspberry Pi
Decrease Width of RPi Zero
How to detect if display is turned on?
Benefit of connecting the SCL and SDA to the 7" touch screen
Issue running LED matrix with Fadecandy controllers in Processing
Why isn't gpio_set_debounce working in my Raspberry Pi Zero kernel module?
generated pulse with delay time before it generated
Access SD-Card on windows
What can I connect in ID_SD and ID_SC pins?
How to send serial write command from raspberry pi3 to FTDI using Python?
SQL Statements from multiple RPi to Web server
raspistill timelapse stops working after about 2 minutes
Raspbian Jessie: What do "service --status-all" and "systemctl list-units --type=service" show?
Headless Raspbian Jessie 8.0 keeps crashing days apart
Alsa setup for multiple cards
Can see neighbor's wifi but not mine
Can I transmit I2C over RF?
Raspberry pi 3 boot partition gets corrupted over and over
In Windows IoT i get taskInstance.TriggerDetails is null
Temporary blocking all network access for a limited time while a CPU sensitive task is running
Micro SD card compatible with Pi 3 Model B
Configure DHCP server on RPi with no Internet connection
Trouble with UART Serial Communication with Raspberry Pi and Arduino Mega
Install NetLogo on Raspberry Pi 2B - Advice
device tree and spi controller file
Port forwarding ip problem
Weird behavior of Raspberry Pi GPIO ports
EXT4-fs error on boot, no access to console
Which directories of a Raspbian installation can be deleted safely
Serial Communication between Raspi and Arduino Mega
Tunneling Video Over ssh
How to connect SIM800 GSM ADD-ON to RaspberryPi 3
Is there any way of having uncorruptable storage?
Motion webcam resolution limit
2 wireless dongles in an access point issues
Set up FTP access to /var/www and /home/pi: (cannot upload)
Problem with a button in a script
GPIO pin voltage is too low to energize relay
Face Recognition Treasure Box Servo Issue
Run bluetooth tethering script after login or at boot
RPIO not working on Pi Zero, Pi2, or Pi3
Read keyboad input from background process
Easiest way to delay shutdown by a few ms after power loss
About raspberry pi noIR camera module
Howto connect an ip cam on raspberry pi 3 with fixed ip-address?
Have I destroyed USB power? Ethernet & USB devices powering on & off constantly unless keyboard connected
protobuf 2.5.0 and raspberry pi 3
Unable to delete files from my Pi
change icon image of .py file and make it executable
Restore deleted files on Raspbian Jessie
connect Raspberry pi 3 to internet via GSM module
do I need radiator for Raspberry PI 3 model B
Raspberry Transmission-daemon doesn't restart automatically
Raspberry Pi Accelerometer and i2c
How to run pulseaudio -D from boot
Is it possible to auto mount OSx Extended File system partitioned drive on raspbian Jessie with write permission?
Pi 3 Model B does not boot. Shows only 2 multicolored squares
How much connection speed can I except using Pi 3 in this setup?
Brand-new 32GB flash drive unmounts randomly, in an matter of minutes
Is Chrome (not chromium) allowed to be installed in Ubuntu MATE - Raspberry pi 3B?
Raspbian - new created user cannot perform rised privilegies action from GUI
launching deluge with different user creditential
Switching Audio Sources by time
Is halted a viable state for a battery powered pi zero long-term?
Snappy Ubuntu Core Lose Ethernet Connection After Updating
Connect Raspberry PI 3 B to Bluetooth speaker and microphone
RPi model 2 - USB ports receive no power
Permission Denied - Raspbian
How can I install the KUMAN 3.5 inch-display?
Redirect stdout and stderr to file from background
Raspberry Pi Hangs and SD card corrupts when I execute serial code for SIM900A
Pybluez and Gattlib error
What should the name of my non-boot partition be?
Connect DHT11 and Raspberry Pi without a breadboard
How do I send data to an 8-channel USB Relay device from a Raspberry Pi
Raspberry Pi 3 Bluetooth issue
Automatically start video and/or photos after boot
