Is there software that will run across multiple Commodore 8-bit machines without modification?
Why did base64 win against uuencode?
Why BGR color order
Blue and yellow stripes on the screen when loading from tape on ZX Spectrum
Why is the serial port driver named "/dev/ttyS#"?
What do the "byte-select signals" in the 68000 do?
How old-computer emulators work?
Why did CP/M and MS-DOS use the BIOS instead of their own drivers to access hardware?
What was the purpose and history of the C64's special keys?
What is the starting address pointed by Stack Pointer in PDP 11?
How to write directly to video memory in MS-DOS?
What's the story behind the name "X11"?
Why the "jmp" instruction is not working?
Who decides what is the memory address that the CGA video buffer will be mapped to?
Using a 360k (DD 5.25") floppy with Windows XP?
I have installed MS-DOS 6.22 on Virtual Box, do I have an ISA bus or a PCI bus?
What software stack could I use to get X10 (the version of X before X11) up and running on a modern system?
What was the first system to use flash or beep codes as a diagnostic?
Who owns the intellectual property of Thinking Machines today?
What are all the known file extensions for Atari 8-bit disk/tape/cartridge images?
Were 1541s upgraded with more RAM?
What is the history of data compression tools on personal computers?
What kinds of expansion ROMs and cartridges are available for the BBC Micro?
640x480 color display in 1980
What "Write your own RPG/Adventure game" books were available for 8-bit computers?
Can the BBC Master 128 work fine with no battery?
What's the meaning of __saveds in Amiga C code?
Is it safe to provide 5V to CMOS RAM from PSU instead of CR2032 battery?
Format of "Pound" domains in RFC 821
Was Amiga the last of the home retrocomputers sold?
Connecting an Atari 130XE to SM124 monitor
Are floppy disks used for MS-DOS setup still needed after you install the operating system?
Using the swap space of Windows 3.1 as a MS-DOS 6.2.2 temporary directory
Did the PAL version of the Apple II use a different clock frequency?
Timeline of progressive scan CRT resolutions
Where does this esoteric Pascal operator come from?
How to alpha-sort MS-DOS 7.x directories
Was there ever a division instruction with sign of the remainder following the sign of the quotient?
Was the first ARM "processor" a BBC BASIC program?
ZX80 BASIC checking free memory
Do any mainframe emulators exist with a functional FORTRAN compiler?
Why are the | and ¦ keys labelled the wrong way around?
Transferring files between Commodore PET and IBM PC
Do any Atari 8-bit emulators produce the disk / tape I/O sound?
What is the difference between DriveSpace and DoubleSpace?
What is the origin of different styles of assembly language mnemonics?
What was the first C compiler for the IBM PC?
How to get started writing C for the IBM PC in 1980-81
When does the VIC-II read the sprite data?
What was the first C compiler for the Mac?
What is the relationship between Amiga audio and the MOD music file format?
Amiga Video Toaster support
Insert a row, but only across some columns?
How did DoubleDOS work?
Looking for a specific BASIC music program from the 80s
Why did keygens play music?
Is it possible to adapt a standard PC floppy drive to work in an IBM PS/2?
How many old computing methods are still with us today?
Which tools were used to create the C language?
Is the software available to simulate building a computer from the ground up? For example a system based on the 6502
Trying to build First Mozilla Release (Netscape 5)
When specifying Intel 80x86 instruction execution time, what is included in the cycle count?
Actual resolution of composite video monitors
Dealing with old laptop batteries?
How to compute performance of a CPU in FLOPS?
Windows 95 boot disk cannot detect my CD-ROM drive
How did software engineers test their code in 19xx?
Can someone help me get xROAR to read files? (M6809/TRS-80 ColorComputer)
How did Windows ME "cripple" DOS?
Emulate smooth scrolling
Graphics Editor for 16-Bit Games
When were the analogs of the C operators "break" and "continue" introduced in Pascal?
Are there any public tools for the TMS34010?
How do I troubleshoot an 80 column card on an Apple //e?
Windows 98 Aptiva IBM not booting from CD
How were the first ZX Spectrum games written?
Early Forth for personal computers
How was the first assembler for a new home computer platform written?
Speed of early ROM versus RAM chips
What file systems / encapsulation formats used ASCII?
Original Mac capacitor inspection
What format was used for Exidy Sorcerer cassette tapes?
Can a standard ATX power supply be used on a Macintosh Performa 476?
How long was the production run for the Acorn Electron?
Largest ratio between base and maximum RAM
What's the relationship between early 90s Pentium microprocessor and today's Intel designs?
Screen "garbage" in Acorn Electron games
Since when are Linux drivers loaded as kernel modules?
When did computers start being able to take both 115 and 230 volts?
Using a NeoMagic 256XL with Windows 98SE
Macintosh LC II power supply clicking
Separate code and data address spaces on the Z80
When did 64K RAM become about as cheap as 16K?
Transistor count of early video chips
DIY Project using 1970s 8-bit CPU, is it possible?
What were practical uses of SCSI floppy drives?
Was the Amstrad's file protection considered secure in 1985?
Can floppy disks have sectors laid out without being formatted?
80s DRAM chips: one per bit of data bus width?
What are some programs known to take advantage of Intel MMX instructions?
The history of context switch
What is the difference between the Commodore 1701 and the 1702?
What is the best way to obtain old versions of Windows?
How did Commodore's anti-Microsoft Easter Egg work?
How was the C language ported to architectures with non-power-of-2 word sizes?
Did any scanners marketed as general purpose implement SCSI device type 06h (SGC)?
How did the "rub joystick port to continue" in the Creatures 2 infinite lives cheat work?
What was the difference between the original Video Toaster and the 4000 version?
What was this game with a "Conan" style character on Atari ST?
When was internet access first available to public in USA?
Why did Commodore fill their power supplies with epoxy?
Why does the C64's LIST command choke on REM statements with a Shift+L?
Where are the Colossus schematics?
What is the history of DE-9 joystick ports?
What protocol do Teletypes use?
What interface did Video Backup System use?
What does bold reverse video look like on a VT100/VT102?
Recover files from Dell PP04L Hard Drive
Whatever happened to the janus protocol
What is the relative code density of 8-bit microprocessors?
Creating a new locale.library language support for AmigaOS
Why would a CD-ROM in an MS-DOS 6.22 system not allow file access?
Potentiometer rebuild - inexpensive damping grease?
What is between the sectors of floppy disks?
What computer was used in Weird Science?
What algorithm does Windows 98 use to decide whether to show or hide menus?
How powerful was Knuth’s computer?
Should 486s have a heatsink?
Did blowing into an N64 cartridge really affect whether or not the game would run?
Number of transistors in the C64
PCB Black Spot: Leakage?
Historical cost of semiconductor fab
Was there a 'git' in the 1990s?
A game where you program a robot to fulfill missions
Submarine diver game where you had to collect fish and other things for your aquarium
Early Apple assemblers, getting hold of them
Emulators running on 8-bit personal computers
Educational DOS game involving teddy bears
How to develop software for the Commodore 64 with VICE?
Did any 8-bit computer system / OS have concepts for concurrency and multitasking like we know from today?
How to obtain CPU and other hardware specs for emulator development
What's a safe and easy way to desolder the CPU from C64?
Can we get a complete timeline on the IRIS Operating System for Data General Novas?
What chemicals or materials were used to create the logic for logic gates?
Which material was used for the 6502/6510/8500 MOSFETs?
Why should 2 CPUs ever share the same bus?
Checklist for powering up an Apple IIgs?
How to renew and re-ink old printer ribbons?
Why did Nintendo change their copyright title between Donkey Kong Set 1 and 2?
Pattern matching, which language first had it
How does the MSX2 game "pointless fighter" obtain a graphic above the average?
Old school backup systems: what are they?
How to use BASIC after "LOAD "$",8 on the C64
Where did Fast InvSqrt() come from?
What was the point of Apple Pascal having its own file system?
Sprites not rendering correctly before $2000
Graphics chips in 1980
Using audio tape recorders on non-personal computers?
When did the tower form factor appear and when did it become popular?
Core Memory Stability
Were there any "off the shelf" graphics chips that supported 2D sprites in the 70's and 80's?
What are the major differences between the ColecoVision and the SG-1000?
Reading the program on an EPROM chip
PDP-11 instruction set inconsistencies
Was Apple DOS 3.3 created because of the Apple III?
Executable ASCII files before x86?
How does the Apple II address more than 128KB of RAM?
How could a 16-sector PROM Apple II access a 13-sector disk?
Simulate Repeat/Until in BASIC, and on a single line?
Where do command line switches originate from?
Obscure uses of the Commodore 8050/1541 disk drive
Why does the Z80 have a half-carry bit?
Slash versus backslash as directory separator - what/who caused this rift?
Commercially available computer with single-step feature?
Are there any articles elucidating the history of the POPCOUNT instruction?
Why isn't the approach to lower power CPUs guided by design rather than accident?
Sound chips in 1977
What typewriters and computers are shown in this commercial?
What Apple computers are shown in this MacBook Pro Reveal video?
Floating point performance of classic minicomputers
Serial Receipt Printer Garbage
How did Z80 multiprocessing work in the Namco Galaga hardware?
What was the first commercially available computer with ECC memory?
Copying disk image from HP 9122D drive
How fast is memcpy on the Z80?
Can the ADB keyboard and mouse be converted to the 128K Macintosh?
C64, basic v2, DATA strange behavior
Was there an interactive macro/scripting language named PAGEN?
Game cartridges on the S-100 bus?
Getting a disk image off of a HP 9133 drive
Need help identifying an Apple IIc game/possibly educational with a top-down view
How can I copy files from a Compaq Deskpro?
Cyrillic Ж on IBM 1620?
Primary manufacturers of picture tubes for early monitors
What is this extra lead in my monitor cable?
PET space arcade game with surprisingly good graphics
C64: Why is POS(π) faster than POS(0)?
Where are the blueprints of MOS chips?
What is the title of this Macintosh programming book?
How hard would it be to port Amiga OS4 to x86 or ARM?
Is it possible to chain TMS9918 chips to get better graphics?
Video chip for hypothetical 1988 arcade game
C64: Strange Behaviour on Control Port 1
Collection of older EPROM IC's
RAM contention and what counts as different banks
Why does this BASIC program keep restarting?
Z80 and video chip contending for random access
How can I tell if an Apple II disk image is bootable?
Z8410 DMA chip as GPU?
QEMU with SunOS 4 - how to transfer files
Which pointing devices were used by early laptop computers?
Cost differential between 2 and 4 MHz RAM chips in 1982
Anyone know the specific differences between a Northgate Omnikey 101 and 102?
6502: What does the Predecode Register exactly do?
C64 BASIC: How to suppress the '?' sign when using the INPUT command?
Looking for an easy to use Commodore 64 disk/sector editor
What's with the Atari 2600 colors on SECAM?
Do you need to allocate memory before you use it in MS-DOS?
How were the electronics in the Elektronika IM (Электроника ИМ) designed?
Why does waggling the joystick of a C64 cause errors loading from tape?
Programming on Macintosh Centris 610
How were interpreters loaded into computers?
How was the Microsoft PDP-10 8080 emulator developed?
What's the deal with System/360's "USASCII" mode?
Mapping more than 64kb of address space
Does an ISA card have a fixed memory address?
Is this a UART chip?
Determine Character Encoding used on HP 9000 Model 310 running BASIC 5.1
Was the design of MS-BASIC for 6502 based on MS-BASIC for 8080?
Why did blanking of screen on C64 SAM enable better quality speech synthesis?
Could we change the baud rate for the two serial ports on a terminal and on a computer?
Game from the mid-nineties with hovering vehicles
Why were the /\ (min) and the \/ (max) operators abandoned in the C language?
Start application after Amiga Workbench 1.3 boot sequence
"Holographic"/3D arcade games
The baud rate of which serial card does the "stty" command returns in UNIX V7?
How was the Traf-O-Data 8008 simulator developed?
Creating a PDP-11 bootable disk
Why did Commodore sell CPUs to its competitors?
Mind-Controller User Input from the late 90s
Why do articles use the term "UART" instead of "serial port"?
Maximum size of 8-bit computer cartridges
Apple II: LED near joystick connector?
Why do 3D models on the PlayStation 1 “wobble” so much?
Was Family BASIC for the NES/Famicom powerful enough to create full games and applications?
Commodore 64 Game with Falling Character Scream
Reason for popularity of Apple IIGS
Benchmark between Home computers? What can be a valid parameter for that?
How to check the C64 graphics mode used by Maniac Mansion
Limiting factor on sprite sizes
What are tacts in the context of ZX Spectrum systems?
Identify logic game involving turning things into ladders
Why are some soft switches on the Apple II only triggered with a write?
Transistor count of copper and blitter
PC for DMV knowledge test - since when?
What technological factors drove the rise of "high-speed" modems in the early 1990s?
What is going on in the overscan area of Sega Genesis games?
Does anybody remember a database cartridge for the Commodore 64?
Apple II GS versus Mac Plus cost
Fastest CP/M Z80-based computer ever built?
What modem was a little black cube about 1.25" on each side?
What was the technical reason behind the octal digits used for CompuServe User IDs?
Go program for the C64
Unsigned addition on the 6502
What computer (possibly a PC compatible) rendered a spinning floppy disk on the screen on a boot error?
Why is the RM Nimbus PC-186 not IBM PC compatible?
Need help identifying math game where equations let you move from room to room?
Amiga versus Atari ST computer introductions
Why would Xerox not try to market the Alto to the public?
Old multimedia: Monochrome Macintosh / Laserdisc player
Why are first four x86 GPRs named in such unintuitive order?
Which MS-/PC-DOS version was the first to allow multiple partitions to be used?
How to get Windows XP to detect joystick?
Retrieving text documents from a 2.0Mb/2.0 HD floppy disk?
Is there a database of the box contents for different versions of NES games?
What to do about "Invalid media type"
Why did the EDSAC use mercury delay lines?
First computer with LCD screen
z80 crashes after executing some instructions
What does "Expanded Memory" mean on a Philips Videopac G7000 game?
Are there alternative BIOS ROMs for the IBM 5162?
Choosing a VGA card for the IBM 5162?
What was the block spacing in early hard disks?
Invert LCD screen in DOS 5.0
Why (historically) include the number of arguments (argc) as a parameter of main?
How to do the Tandy 1000 audio mod on a PCjr?
Do all VGA cards implicitly support CGA and EGA?
Custom keyboard layout in DOS?
ST-506 price: wholesale or retail?
Are there any communities who maintain software for the Osborne 1?
What is the necessity of the Signal BLS (Blitter SLow)
Transfer files to DOS over serial cable from Linux?
Were there any LSI-11 like home computers outside of Russia?
Was there ever a kilowatt workstation?
Searching for an old planet shooter game
Why were the SC/MP pointers 12-bit (kinda)?
Does a final version of the IBM VGA XGA Technical Reference Manual exist?
Version Control for AmigaOS 3.1
Windows 98 CD-ROM driver error
How to debug BIOS ROM incompatibility?
Can the system's BIOS come from an ISA card?
How does the 68060 branch predictor work?
Manufacturing cost breakdown for a 16-bit computer
Can a 16K computer be upgraded to 64K?
Is a Heatsink Needed for an Intel 80286?
What makes a floppy disk bootable?
Does low-level formatting improve floppy disk longevity?
2000's RPG PC game
When did CPUs start using page mode DRAM?
Should I start Amiga's copper list using COPJMP1 or is it superfluous?
How to create fast an icon file for Amiga program in WB drawer?
Replacing 80286 with 68000
What was the first game to use humorous progress updates?
What's the difference between "opcode" and "instruction" in this Zilog ad?
How does the SAM Coupé refresh its RAM?
How did an IBM 5150 with 16KB RAM work?
Was there ever a genuine "mainframe-on-a-chip" microprocessor?
Why is the RDY signal on floppy disk drives disabled?
Why might I get "drive not ready" when formatting a floppy?
With better character handling capability, why didn't PC-98 system succeed in rest of East Asia?
Spectrum clones 512x192 mode usable text resolution
Are there any drivers available to use DivMMC on the Spectrum +3e with CP/M plus?
How much faster is the Z80H?
What, if any, routine maintenance does an old computer need?
How to repair paint on IBM PC?
Where did Sony's 3D graphics hardware in the PS1 originate?
Is there a reason to prefer earlier versions of MS-DOS over later?
CPU speedup breaking sound compatibility
Component cost in historical ads versus wholesale
Was the Mac XL hardware different from the last versions of the Lisa?
How did people use ed?
Timex 2048 RAM contention ULA/video output
Is there a way to link object files for DOS from Linux?
How does the 6502 implement its branch instructions?
Are MS-DOS and Windows 9x vulnerable to Meltdown?
How many units did the Victor 9000 sell?
Run 8086 programs in dos using simple os other than any special software
How can I recover the contents from an Amiga HDD using modern Linux?
What is causing the problem with the RAM in this (claimed) Spectrum 48k?
Overclocking an 8-bit computer
Did any computers use the Z80B?
Was the Amiga 1000's front expansion port capable of anything other than the 256KB card?
When did Great Valley Products, stop producing hardware?
How do Z80 Block Transfer instructions work?
Breakeven number of bytes for programmable DMA
Is there a place where I can find 6502 instruction lines by opcode?
How many lines of code were in the first Unix version (with the Thompson shell)?
Is there anything useful for a retro in these cheap Chinese floppy drives?
In what ways is DRAM likely to fail?
Was there a special drive, that saved much more than 1.44MB on an HD floppy disk?
Can the BBC Master co-processor execute a program in the I/O processor's memory?
Using VHS/MiniDV/CompactCassette as digital data storage?
CRT Geometry Adjustment
Magnetic exposure to floppy disk damages file system and requires complete reformat?
Do DD floppy disks need regular full reformats?
DD vs HD vs ED floppy disks: lifespan/writecycle difference? Other differences?
NES/Famicom CPU address range allowable for cartridges
Identification of old text-to-speech voice/engine
How to at least partially read damaged sectors of floppy disk?
Why were floppy drives not any faster?
How long can a HD floppy disk hold 2.88MB before erasing itself?
Is it safe to turn on a 40-year old TRS-80?
Dealing with oversized files decades ago? Data transfer in the age of floppy disks
How does the 6502 check the negative flag internally?
How do I rip sounds from Atari 2600 ROMs and save it in a more modern format?
Measuring CPU usage on an pSOS operating system
Is the Apple II "No-Slot Clock" compatible with the Thunderclock?
Windows 98 SE installation "hangs"
How does a HD floppy drive react to an ED disk?
Which BASIC interpreters support techniques for hybrid programming in Assembly?
Can a HiFi speaker erase a floppy disk?
USB floppy drive emulator, is there such a thing? and if so, where can I get one
Adding the third floppy drive?
How to open a CorelDraw WI wavelet-compressed image
Macintosh Performa 200 Mouse and Keyboard Issue
Weird Brightness Problem On CRT
Motorola MACSBUG source code?
Apple IIgs: Hardware implementation of RAM shadowing
Apple II Plus modifier key doesn’t work
Amiga 500+ does not start up
What options were available for having an Amiga 1000 not be dependent on a KickStart disk?
How do specify drives to mount when Amiga 1200 starts up
How do you find information about your hard drive in MS-DOS?
Amiga ed removes flags
ZX Spectrum tokenisation
High Voltage in Bell of CRT Tube?
Help identifying a very old computer: 1974, maybe an NCR
BBC model B, 20 pinouts port on keyboard below speaker used for what?
Do the cartridges lose your saved games without batteries?
What character is the MS-DOS cursor?
Did any major corporation ever successfully sue Microsoft for intellectual property theft?
How can I adapt a digital CGA/C128 signal (RGBI DE-9) to a modern monitor?
Do I have to use an 8284 chip with the 8088?
Where was the Willowsoft Overture File System (OFS1) used?
What happened to bubble memory - is it still being sold?
How to connect c3270 terminal with hercules emulator?
Why did 80x25 become the text monitor standard?
Apple II bus: IRQ and DMA priority
Where did DOS store graphics fonts?
Was there ever any reason to wait 30 seconds to restart a c.1995 PC?
Is DOS being shipped with or as an installed OS?
Why are punch card readers no longer in use?
The history of the NULL pointer
How widely used was 0xDEADBEEF?
Why were teletype printers not used for DOS computers?
What is stored in IIgs PRAM?
Question about external Gary NAND driving _BLIT in depency of _ROMEN
Behaviour of $D000-$D3FF section on the C64 during bankswitching
I have an old Apple II computer,but cannot find any info on model # A2M001
Operation Flashpoint Laptop
Is there a MIME type for C64 .PRG files?
Is there a way to get code off an old Sharp Wizard?
How did the Address Decode for Apple II Expansion Cards Work?
Formatting a 720K floppy disk over USB fails with Windows 10
Did Hewlett Packard really allow the use of the HP48 ROMs in emulators?
How do I Secure Erase a PATA hard drive without a compatible desktop motherboard?
Landstalker 2 or a "Look Like"?
When did the Z80 compatibles reach very high clock speed?
How can a C64 interrupt let the KERNAL keep operating?
Z80 x 6502 raw performance
What was the fastest third party FPU?
What are some example uses of the Z80's BUSRQ/AK pins?
What limited the use of the 6809 CPU in personal computers?
Understanding INKEY$ in ZX BASIC
SNES / old graphics: merging sprite's with background
TI-89 BASIC Compiler
Did Radio Shack initially attempt to get a monopoly on commercial software for the TRS-80 Model I?
Uptime in ZX BASIC
Was the TRS-80 Model 1 ever actually sold new with that name?
Who coined the nickname "Trash-80" and what was the source of their animosity?
Which computer is used in this NCIS episode?
Make a BASIC TAP file readable on Linux
Unexpected UL error / List problems Epson HX-20
ZX BASIC REM statement overhead
What video connections were common in Europe?
Where was MS-DOS used?
Was the Jupiter Ace computer ever sold by Radio Shack in the USA?
What was the name and origin of this security software?
Reading data over serial from an old punched tape reader
Cannot boot off of Compact Flash card
Why did the IBM PC need a sound card?
How did the PDP-8 handle strings?
PDP-8 transistor count
Why did tactile-feedback keyboards lose popularity?
When did the tilde first start to appear on standard keyboards?
Who were the first engineers to "cleanroom" the IBM PC BIOS?
VT50 Reverse Linefeed
Getting started with CP/M
Identify this Amiga game: It's just like Rocket League
68k macintosh lowmem system globals
How was the first working version of Google written?
Telebit QBlazer modem manual
First commercial DOS game?
When did smart terminals arrive?
What was this old athletics game I played?
How did Microsoft take over Winsocks (Windows Sockets)?
What techniques were used to reduce the required re-rendering in 3D programs?
Best path to learn C64 assembly
Was OS/2 a viable alternative for daily DOS and Windows tasks?
Size of the PDP-8
Why do only the low 7-bits of the R register increment?
Why do all the Speech Synthesizers have that same Voice?
Where can I get the errata sheet for Spectrum Machine Language for the Absolute Beginner?
Who wrote the MS BASIC on the PET/C64/etc?
Getting your Commodore VIC-20, 64 or 128 online
Why does this BASIC program declare variables for the numbers 0 to 4?
How to test an Orange Micro Grappler+ card?
Which ports are which on this Soviet ZX Spectrum clone?
Is the s-video output on the Commodore 64 different from "normal" s-video?
Why did C have the return type before functions?
Carry flag in 8080/8085 subtraction
Can fast page mode depend on the first data retrieved?
How adequate would 48-bit floating point be?
What is the (usually lower quality) "software rendering" mode visible in so many "second-generation" FPS games?
Where can I get icons for Windows 3.1/95-style GUIs?
How do you remove an LCD bubble on an unmodified Game Boy?
How did DOS know where to load itself in upper memory?
Thinkpad 350 keyboard
Why does the C64 have the following palette?
Why did this Hitachi 6301 assembler routine only work once?
Z80 ctc gold ICs speed
Amiga memory bandwidth
PowerBook 145 Screen Issues
A different kind of sprite system
Commodore VIC-20/64/128/16/Plus 4 floppy disk drive replacement
Cambridge Z88 Production Run
In Applesoft BASIC, does combining statements into a single line speed up execution?
How can you connect an Amiga 500/600/1000/2000 to a modern monitor?
Setting up and using UUCP (with analog modems)
(How) can I safely use direct addressing for machine code routines on the Epson HX-20?
Is all 100% of a 64k Apple II memory usable?
File system performance and the Unix API
What we commonly call PCs are in fact ATs, correct?
Why not one pixel per color clock?
Can't get the AY-3-8913 sound chip to work with my z80 (added schematic)
Recovering old Commodore 5.25" floppy disks
Can modern AI be used to program impressive graphics effects on very low performance home-retrocomputers, in particular 'A 3D-rotating-cube'
Didn't people 'back in the day', ever try 'Object-Tracking'( combined with RC ), via their retrocomputers, as 'Home-Projects'
How to transfer files to C64 emulator quickly
When did README files start showing up in software?
Which home-retrocomputers had a 1 single-color( no shades ) monochrome mode, or were by default?
TSRs at top of memory conflicting with COMMAND.COM
Is there really 1MiB of physical memory in the motherboard of a PC AT/XT?
How safe are modern motherboard-cleaning techniques for this 1987 Soviet portable computer?
Native C compiler for Sinclair ZX Spectrum
How does Atari 2600 TIA display multiple resolutions in Asteroids?
Practical uses for Applied Engineering 65C816 replacement for IIe?
Why do C to Z80 compilers produce poor code?
BBC Master 128 not been switched on for over 20 years
No Brightness Controll on a Compaq Contura 3/20 Laptop
Why does the Motorola 68000 series require a kernel to be specified during Linux installation?
Why does the VIC-20 have 5KiB of RAM?
Zilog's relationship with Mostek
Why did CPU designers in the 70s prioritize reducing pin count?
Unused RAM Chips on x86 machines
Why Game controllers changed from righthanded to lefthanded?
How do high-resolution graphics work on the ZX81?
How to integrate an 512kB EEPROM on a A3660 accelerator board at $00F00000?
Manual or jumper settings for mainboard PWA-286C
Why did some early CPUs use external math chips?
How long will SFC/SNES consoles and cartridges last?
what is the model of the cash registers used in Walmart in the mid to late 90's and very early 2000's?
What is the FPD bit on the PDP-10?
Origin of Dongles
8-bit console horizontal resolution
Connect IBM 3481 terminal to RS232?
Availability of 5.25" floppy emulators?
What kind of SIMMs can 286 PCs use?
Why was UNIX never backported to the PDP-7?
Identifying a game from probably the 80s
What books did schools use to teach BASIC?
How can you run a program that is bigger than RAM?
Is There Something Akin to Plato Still Available?
Is S-100 alive?
Did Charles Babbage design three Difference Engines?
Did any pre-microprocessor CPUs have a clock near the toggle speed of the logic ICs used?
Why were early computers named "Mark"?
Jumper and switch settings for 286 Suntac mainboard
Why did Commodore files not include metadata to say where in memory to load it?
Did PATA controllers break backwards compatibilty at some point?
Jumper settings for IDE controller
What are best techniques for repairing a chemically damaged PCB?
Why does nobody attempt to build Charles Babbage's Analytical Engine?
Can 6502 programs be transliterated to the SPC700?
What tools were used in late MS-DOS era for reverse engineering and patching binary executables?
Why was the 8080's JumP immediate instruction placed where it was?
Nintendo 64 Color Depth
Nintendo 64 microcode format
Repurposing the parity bit
Was there any particular reason the 6502's LDX#imm and LDY#imm aren't opcodes A8 and AA?
What determines the color of every 8th pixel on the Apple II?
My floppy drive in my IBM model 8525-001 doesn't seem to be working
Why is the ColecoVision AC adapter so big?
CP/M without floppy drive
Did Microsoft BASIC ever use Z80 only instructions?
Can I install DOS version 6.22 straight from IBM BASIC?
How did the Atari 2600's 6507 handle zero page and stack with only 128 bytes of RAM?
First 80286 Based Computer
What system pioneered displaying masking characters for password entry and why?
The origins of fork()
Is there a non-paging ITS for the PDP-6 or PDP-10?
Power of university computer in the '70s?
Disk drive long storage, with or without disk inside?
What determines which architecture an a.out executable runs on?
Who is credited for the creation of Assembly Language?
Is there a way to execute CP/M binaries on a modern Linux computer
Was photographic film ever used for data storage?
Motorola 6809 two stacks design
Use of PSK for storage of data on audio tape
Timex Sinclair 1500 and screen "jail bars"
Origin of the NZVC condition codes scheme?
Is my opened floppy disk useless now?
How does Notepad store text files in memory?
What DOS software can I test a QIC-02 tape drive with?
Radio Shack computer trainer kit?
What was the value of the HP/1000 repeated indirection capability?
Why is Windows using CRLF and Unix just LF when Unix is the older system?
How did Drive Overlay programs break BIOS disk barriers on older PCs?
Why was Windows 3.1 so dreadfully slow on an Amiga A2286 bridgeboard?
Were the dungeons in Legend of Zelda designed to fit together?
Can't type angle bracket characters in AmigaOS 4.1 on WinUAE
Which Z80 opcodes can I use without a stack?
Game Boy save problem
Intel 8080 - Behaviour of the carry bit when comparing a value with 0
Why was nil defined as a reserved word in Pascal?
Where are the authoritative specs for legacy PC/AT devices still in use in today's PCs?
a learning gomoku in Lisp
Reading both keyboard and joystick with non-KERNAL code on C64
XT-IDE Universal BIOS does not find master drive on XT CF Lite card
How do Amiga "Monitor" drivers work?
Were video chips specific to the CPU?
How to replace battery for old AT mainboard?
Why did CP/M require RAM in the bottom part of the address space?
Can I build a working(ish) vacuum tube byte?
In MS BASIC, why is NEXT faster than NEXT I?
Why did expert systems fall?
Archiving data on a nonmagnetic storage
How to diagnose a failed capacitor on the mainboard?
BASIC-PLUS inline operators, do they actually make sense?
Was it feasible to create Win16 software using pre-existing DOS development tools?
What's a good way to implement this "fade" effect on C64
BBC/Acorn BASIC, what made it so fast?
What specific technical advance(s) allowed PCs to play "Full-screen full-motion" video?
How did Windows 95 verify the Certificate of Authenticity?
Is it possible to use the BRK instruction when ROM is banked out?
How can you reset the behavior of ONERR in AppleSoft BASIC?
How widespread was the 'test' activation code for Microsoft products?
The start of x86: Intel 8080 vs Intel 8086?
Differences between 4k, 8k and Extended Altair BASIC?
What was the 2nd best selling computer ever?
How to create a switchless multi-system 2 button Atari joystick?
3D Printed Replacement Key Caps for Atari 1040ST
What was the name of the object-oriented C language I used in the 1980s on the Mac
What's the fastest Apple II (sans accelerator card)?
Can we express the instructions to the Analytical Engine in terms of assembler or machine code?
How were files transferred between different systems in the late 1980s?
Mysterious things happening to stack when running a debug session
Is it possible to make VICE load .prg files faster?
Fortran variable type defaults - origin
Why does the Z80 include the RLD and RRD instructions?
Is a normal B&W TV good enough for 80-column text?
Testing RAM on a 386
New 6502 BASICs?
Is emulation ultimately the future of retro computing?
Source code control on an MS-DOS system
Connecting Iomega Zip (parallel port) to modern PC
How did the Microprofessor II have space for a Chinese font in the ROM?
Identifying an old one-bit image file format
What caused the demise of BASIC/BASICA in the late 1980's?
Is there any reason to chose ES, FS, or GS over the others in real mode?
How to do I/O with emulation code?
Can the wrong sync frequency really destroy a CRT monitor?
Why plastic cases?
Why did Commodore 64 cartridge games disappear?
ZX Spectrum fault
What are these tiny TSRs doing?
How did 8 bit processors perform 16 bit arithmetic?
Are later 68000 variants backward compatible with earlier ones?
What changes made some Atari ST software incompatible with the Atari TT?
How was microcode implemented in retro processors?
Early game, "Chase" or "Escape!" and many others
What was the AMI SAGA and why wasn't it used it all ZX Spectrums?
What are the registers W and Z inside a Z80?
Installing Windows 95 by floppy?
What are my options for multitasking in MS-DOS 5.0 on an 80186 with EMS?
What did Commodore's AppShell and AppObject do?
How to connect a Tandy Color Computer to a Composite Monitor?
How to spin up 1541 drive without C64
What are the software logos in MORICONS.DLL?
Rainbow Technologies Ltd DRM system for DOS
DTSS software list?
How much did the TRS-80 Model III weigh?
What caused the downfall of Pascal?
Why did F1 become the Help Key?
Uses for the halt instruction?
What was the first piece of hardware to utilise quantum effects?
VIC-II transistor count
Were external floppy drives for Atari ST and Amiga inter-compatible?
Is it possible to bank out Kernal in Commodore PET, VIC-20 or 264 series computers?
What make and model is this 386 mainboard?
Why did common floppies never advance past 1.4 MB in size?
Why is the Z80's supply pin in the middle of the data pins?
Smart computing into MS-DOS? Is it possible?
What are the names of the computers, that were used in the CP/M advertisement?
Why do hard drives not use larger platter sizes anymore?
It's now safe to turn off your computer
An old DOS application that allowed to create cards, posters, invitations, etc
Why were early personal computer monitors not green?
Osborne Turbomate IV Information?
How do I create a boot menu to select between Windows and DOS?
How does JSR actually work on the 65c816 CPU for the SNES (Super Nintendo)?
When and where was the first home computer game convention held?
Why was 2^127-1 an interesting problem for "Baby"?
"Your program is testing for optimal display performance" for older Windows/DOS games
8086 pinout and address space limit
Why not SCART for early color monitors
IBM 5153 monitor vertical resolution
Origin/source of "One Line" one-key game
Why did TI-8x calculator series use the Z80 processor?
Lead Free Solder in Pre-2006 Electronics
Where to buy an 8 bit computer remake?
Contiki on Apple IIe without Uthernet card
On the use of the "Code Improver"
Early 65C816 CPU's SEP and REP instruction are followed by a NOP?
Intel 8080 and Altair 8800. 256 I/0 ports, but only 7 free RST (interrupt subroutine) - how it works?
Were 9.2 file names possible in MS-DOS?
Conventional Hard Drive life-span
Columns of text in early microcomputers
Cost of Apple II switching power supply
What were the selling points of the Atari 800 over the 400?
What is the ROMBO header on a Sun system for?
Why did computers use a power supply with a socket?
Using floppy disk interface on Future Domain TMC-1680 SCSI ISA card
PAL consoles to US HDTV
What was the service offered by US Sprint for long distance data connections in the late 1980's?
History behind the text column restriction
Physically emulate Gameboy cartridge using Raspberry Pi?
Why the switch to "Mickey Mouse" (type C14) power cables?
Commodore Amiga 600 Software Failure. "Error: 8000 0004 Task: 000026D0"
How to tell if glue or electrolyte leak from old capacitors?
What home computer was the first to use a external ROM cartridge?
Who made the Atari 2600 TIA video chip?
How can a Z80/8080/6502 use VGA?
What was the first integrated PC compatible computer?
What was the retail price of CP/M?
CP/M in less than 80 columns
Who designed the Sinclair ZX Microdrive and why?
TI-86 sound capabilities
How was corporate training done before PowerPoint?
Are there runnable Multics systems available?
Turn off Apple IIe sound
x86 as a Pascal Machine?
What was the clock speed and ips for the original PDP-11?
How do CGA emulators for Hercules graphics work?
How can I view an Error Info Block in a D64 image?
Was there ever a compiler type that was just large enough to contain a memory segment?
Why does my IBM 5154 have an undulating wave?
Why didn't the 8086 use linear addressing?
Open source, non-GPL SID emulator
Why do they use CLI in an IRQ routine?
Fastest way to write 0x00 to a zero-page memory location? (6502, Atari 2600)
80286 pricing and availability
Safely adjusting CRT while it's on?
Was the IBM 5100 ever used for codebreaking?
What were the real competitors to the early IBM PC?
Spying on old computer monitor RF signals
Why did Unix use slash as the directory separator?
If the Sega Genesis/MegaDrive could be overclocked so easily, why couldn't the SNES?
When did Multics begin using '>' as a pathname separator?
Anyone here with a Sol-20 or images thereof?
Link N64 object file while preserving relocation data
Fixing the horizontal size(width) of an old CRT monitor (Zenith ZCM 1390-E)
DEX: How does a 2-Cycle instruction affect RCL outputs AFTER it completes?
What is the history of the PDP-11 MARK instruction?
How were individual bit planes scrolled on the Amiga (OCS)?
Why use repeated STZ instructions with the same operand on the 65C816 for the SNES (Super Nintendo)?
1980's ROM used which exp(n) algorithm?
CRT contrast issue: light grey on dark grey
What modern image editors support non-square pixels?
What are the rules for Applesoft BASIC formatting for code?
When did the Macintosh start using four (or more) layer PCB's?
What made channel bleed so bad over coaxial cable?
What Video Chips/Video generation techniques are usable for the Z80?
Total weight of the CDC 7600?
Why did ones' complement decline in popularity?
Daisy-chained cassette drive?
How were Microsoft GW-BASIC "protected" files encoded?
How did the BBC Micro stay cool?
How did the Commodore PET 80 column display work?
How big was WordStar 1.0?
Who established the original F1 desktop BIOS key and why did laptops use a different key?
Visible resolution of C64 video output, including borders
How compatible is the Leningrad clone with the "original" ZX Spectrum?
The almost-was Atari IBM PC
Where did /usr/mdec come from?
PET game, enemies attempt to break through several concentric sets of walls
A fatal exception 0E has occurred at 0028:FF02847B Installing Windows 98 SE
FCC RF limits and wire transmission speeds
How specific was the Apple II floppy disk controller?
How does the SNES (Super Nintendo) calculate the address of a character?
How was the Intel 80486 debugged?
How to use IIgs enhanced graphics modes in AppleSoft BASIC with System 6?
MITS to Dell: the mail order gap?
What were the early PC applications requiring a hard disk?
Early BASIC memory management
How was C ported to architectures that had no hardware stack?
First (3rd Party) Application-Agnostic Home Computer or OS for such
IBM AS/400 connection via SNASW on Cisco Router
How did Apple fail to tap the business and scientific markets?
Can one isolate processes on a 8086?
Why does the ZX80 not produce a steady display signal?
Membrane keyboard robustness
Cost of a chiclet keyboard
How to protect a ZX Spectrum mainboard from "ageing"?
What are the differences between the various 36-bit computers from DEC?
Which DOS for a TRS-80 Model 4P?
Identify this front panel
History of Ctrl-S and Ctrl-Q for flow control
What was "whole-value computation" in early real-time systems?
Why did MS-DOS choose percent symbol to designate variable?
What was the reason for the ZX Spectrum's display bitmap layout?
Labor input for manufacture of early personal computers
When did schools stop caring about form factor?
Hard disks in 1977
Why were floppy disks invented after hard disks?
Retro emulation with perfect V-sync
Why were closed tape loops never a popular storage medium (or were they)?
Cartridge modems - was the Vic-20 a special case?
Which machines, other than the PC-Engine, uses custom-waveform synthesis for sound?
De facto standard width of a business computer
6502 branch offset calculation
How does the PMD 85 display colour or greyscales?
When did 1200bps become the modal speed of installed modems?
How to clean (or prep) Atari 800 or any old computer
Hardware multipliers on classic CPUs
1913 mystery computer below Grand Central Station
What was computer "Fuzzy" logic?
Why was the original Apple Computer labeled as the Apple I?
Smallest/Simplest, modern pure relay computer with at least 4-bits data words
Running European retrocomputers on 60Hz power?
Largest practical motherboard for early computers
What trial-and-error method to use for determining serial terminal settings (RAC2-8-EK)
Do all Econet devices need the same clock speed?
Copying disk images to Commodore 64 floppy disks
When did MOS Technology upgrade to 5µm?
ANTIC on-chip memory
New joystick (or build one) for Atari 800
Is the circuit board in this video a memory board?
Were 64k RAM chips $5 in 1981?
Source code of front-panel entered Altair 8800 programs
Were Harvard Mark I and Mark II using diodes?
Part-bad chips other than RAM
Can DOS boot to a hard drive other than HDA1?
What is the purpose of the ω register of the БЭСМ-6?
Transatlantic gray market Commodore PETs and 220V/50Hz vs. 115/60Hz
Why does the Cray 2 use 400 Hz power, and why generate that from motors?
Developing an application in the era of cassette tapes (audio-tapes)
Turning off the color burst
What happens when PS1's "Fearful Harmony" is triggered?
Why did the Atari 5200 forsake compatibility with 400/800 game cartridges?
Did people back then build powerful computers out of multiple smaller machines?
How to keep the instruction prefetcher filled up
Non-Computer Punch-Card Systems other than Edge-Notched Cards
Monitor Cable for Atari 130XE. Where to buy or how to build?
Where is the literature for Windows 3.1 Batch mode setup?
TED computers and delayed RAM chips
Why aren't each pixel's bits stored sequentially on the SNES?
What's with the name "EmotionEngine"?
Would a C compiler for the Apollo Guidance Computer be plausible?
What do the addressing modes imm, dir, and abs mean for the 65c816?
Why were chips socketed in early computers?
Basic test for a RS232 serial terminal
Why did some Mac computers have two names?
Who or what is the 'AH' credited on the die of the Atari TIA chip next to Jay Miner?
Is there any benefit of using an Apple Language Card in an Apple IIe?
What is the optimal way to store retro computing paraphernalia (games, consoles, accessories, books) on display at home?
Is it known how Space Invaders displayed all the aliens on the Atari 2600?
Do 3d consoles run OpenGL?
What stops an IO device from driving the databus longer than the CPU expects?
How can I view BASIC code hidden by SYS?
I dont know how to install SGI IRIX operating system
What happened to the Apple Device SBC that was supposed to compete with the linux SBCs?
Commodore-Motorola lawsuit in 1984
What kind of keyboard or computer am I typing on?
Commodore 8-bit character sets
Why the disparity between the screencodes and the character codes?
Name this PC DOS Combat Flight Simulator
What was the initial price of the Sharp X68000?
Does the Intersil 6100 do interrupts differently from other PDP-8s?
What's a good way to implement this "splashing water" effect on the C64?
What is the difference between an 8080 and an 8051?
Can a Commodore 64 use two screenmodes on one scanline?
Did the NES do anything special to support coprocessors?
NES PPU die photo
Did the original Intel peripherals use latches as input registers?
Why did the TI-99/4 have two databuses?
Using a modern PC or other digital audio recording device as a cassette recorder replacement
Can't enable list even with “enable run-stop” poke
Proportional fonts on 8-bit computers
Recent article about using Apple II for security purposes
Why were CLIs typically light text on dark background, whereas GUIs typically use(d) dark text on light background?
Role of the Z80 co-processor in GBA games
Did GBA "load" from the cartridge, or was it read in real-time?
Why is the following p-Code generated by the Apple 3 pascal compiler?
Did any retro computers ship with the SP0256-AL2 speech chip or its equivalent?
Use of E,S,D and X for cursor movement
How do I compile C code with the IRIX X Window System?
Help identify old Apple game from 80s (Apple II, Apple IIGS)
1980s game with a guy with an axe on a flying disc
When did green LEDs become as cheap as red LEDs?
Strange "snow" artifacts when dragging a window in 256-color mode
Accessing Old Seagate HDD Model ST4350N
Why the exterior of PC towers and monitors used to be white in the 90's and now is black?
Why were 3D games on the Amiga not faster than on similar 16 bit systems like the Atari ST
Is BX the Base Address Register, and if so why?
How did multiply instructions work in the various 68ks?
Is my understanding right about the actual differences between 240p and 480i?
Why did DOS use dollar-terminated strings?
Origin of "tarball"
Did personal computers ever support 8" floppies?
A different way to share the memory bus between the CPU and the Video
What were other colors beside green and amber for monochrome monitors?
Why did certain color combinations look terrible on the Commodore 64?
How do you put a 286 in Protected Mode?
Is there a reason why MS-DOS didn't use more English words for commands?
TMS9918 with shared memory
On the bbc-micro, a half-size mode 1 screen mode with 16 colours instead of 4 can fit in memory but can the video chip be programmed for it?
Audio from Commodore 64 to line 1/4 inch line level
Where does the hierarchical directory structure originate from?
What is that Slot on the Bottom of an Exidy Sorcerer
How can I connect a modern USB keyboard to a system requiring PS/2?
Reason behind "ASCII Adjust" instructions being ASCII and not BCD?
How did PC boot games handle saving?
Why does Oracle use MINUS instead of EXCEPT?
Did DEC build their early computers out of the same parts?
Did Cray computers use virtual memory?
Why was preemptive multitasking so slow in coming to consumer OS's?
Netscape has detected a /.netscape/lock file
Is it possible to chemically remove spray paint from 1990's PC cases (specifically the plastic front covers)?
Amiga 500+ rev8A, 1 MB chip RAM and 0.5 MB slow RAM
Security Issues with Bootable Games
Was there ever a home PC which ran JOVIAL?
When was Breakout developed by Steve Wozniak?
Best IRIX Integrated Development Environment for C++ Programming
Can S-100 cards attach to the ZX machines?
Why were the data lines of the original S-100 bus unidirectional?
gcc: installation problem, cannot exec 'as': No such file or directory
Microsoft Flight Simulator 1.0 "DIVIDE BY ZERO" command
Z80 16-bit I/O port addresses
Connecting Panasonic "Penwriter" RK-P400C to modern PC using USB to serial cable
What 286 chipsets support UMBs?
6510 I/O port initialisation
Did anyone ever use the extra set of registers on the Z80?
Can anyone help provide more information regarding an operating system called I/OS by Infosoft in the early 1980's?
What instructions for the 8086 and subsequent x86 CPUs are not available in Long Mode?
How popular was the Canon X-07?
History of the demise of Matrox from the world of 3D graphics cards
Why not use fractions instead of floating point?
Who set the 640K limit?
What information exists about WD-xsl?
SYSENTER/SYSEXIT broken on Pentium Pro and Pentium II?
Why did line printers have 132 columns?
Is there a cycle-exact 8086 emulator?
Finding byte boundaries in floppy disk MFM bitstreams
Weak bits on floppy for copy protection
What happened to ZIP RAM?
Was there any indication that video game companies tried to circumvent Game Shark?
FDD data dropouts after changing disks
Why do old computers perform a long memory test on every boot?
Was cost the only reason why demo cartridge games weren't produced?
Does IRIX 6.5 on an Indy support other web browsers other than Netscape? If so, where can I find them?
Were later MS-DOS versions still implemented in x86 assembly?
Trying to identify an Apple II space trading game
How can I use ImageDisk (.IMD) images with VirtualBox, WinImage, etc.?
How does memory addressing/mapping work in 8-bit systems?
Why green phosphor instead of amber?
Commodore C128 MOS 6526A interchangeability?
Acorn System 1 - is it a collectable?
Instruction set support for multiplication with a constant
What to check before powering on TRS80 Model III in unknown condition
What is the instruction set of the Z4?
C-64 Exchange News Service
Last computer not to use octets / 8-bit bytes
What is an "unused" memory address?
First language with C-like memory management
Was parsing or operating systems the first user of dollar sign as end of string/input?
Are Unisys ClearPath Libra mainframes still in use in Australia?
When did Intel undergo the SEX change?
How did the RCA1802 'call' and 'return' instructions work?
How did the ZX80 store both a useful program and screen memory?
Method for adding firmware to a Commodore 64 expansion card?
6502 CMP instruction doesn't compare as expected
Resource for 6502 assembly directives?
Why did PAL Apple //e motherboards have the AUX slot inline with Slot 3 instead of near the power supply?
How big is one word in TG16 hardware?
What is the format of a TurboGrafX instruction (modified 6502 instruction set)?
How to use USB flash drives with Windows 98 SE?
What does "jmp *" mean in 6502 assembly?
How useful were the 6809/6309's indirect addressing modes?
Why was the 6809 so expensive?
RAM for Socket 7 Motherboard - 64MB sticks appearing as 16MB
PDP-11 stack may grow in either direction?
Why does this 6502 code push a function address onto the stack before calling?
Colorful print ad in ca. 1990 magazine
How to install System 7.5.5 on a Macintosh SE/30 using floppies?
What's the relationship between the Nascom computers and the company Lucas Electrical?
How did the early Macintosh computers update the display?
Do TG16 games and software suffer from lag frame similar to NES Super Mario Bros?
Macintosh System 6 on Quadra?
What undocumented 8085 instructions is Steven Morse referring to in "In The Beginning"?
Where can I find macrofun.hlp?
Was 1991's Hellcats the first instance of incremental screen updates?
EPROM software at conflicting addresses on Nascom computers
Using C64 floating point kernal routines with 16 bit integer
When did "Zen" in computer programming become a thing?
How can I debug a Mac OS Classic application?
Can I trigger the Amiga ROM debugger from the boot prompt?
Windows 98 SE PC refusing to network using NIC/modems
MS-DOS, save data from COM1: to file and display on console at the same time
Support for 5.25-inch floppy drives on IBM Thinkcentre 8187 KUR
How many Amiga 3000's were produced?
How do accelerators and CPU cards work on the Apple II?
Why does R.O.B. wear "glasses"?
Possible cause for C128 A/V output containing faintly coloured columns and failing shortly after?
Which CPUs had instructions leaving data registers in an unspecified state?
Which operating systems for 80286 computers allowed a process to use more than 128k data?
What's the difference between Kansas City tape standard and CUTS?
Does the NES handle unlisted processor instructions differently from the Famicom?
Why are different emulators needed to run platforms that use 6502 assembly code?
"Unexpected interrupt in protected mode" after installing 486 DX2
Metrowerks Modula-2 Dev Environment on Mac/SE30 (68030)
Combination of processor and Windows version
Are NES turbo buttons internal to the controller?
Is it possible to make a ROM converter?
How do N64 controller deadzones work?
What limited the use of the Z8000 (vs. 68K and 8086) CPU for 16-bit computers?
BCC LD86 file has bad magic number
When was QDOS changed to MSDOS?
What does "select" mean in a Windows 98 install disc?
How did Konami games recognize the famous cheat code?
First language designed to be embedded?
How do arcade ROMs work
What was the equivalent of "America Online" (AOL) outside America?
What was the typical thickness of fanfold printer paper?
Why was the Amstrad CPC slow at scrolling
How costly is it to put things on the stack with the Z80?
Allocate 64KB in Watcom C 16-bit DOS
Why does the original Donkey Kong update the screen in a curtain closing pattern?
What is the highest version of System 7 that can be run on a Mac SE/30?
SPARCstation 1+ cache block size
Was the character in the Game & Watch series supposed to be his own unique character?
How to express hi/lo byte of a label in crasm
PDP-10 effective address calculation
Is screen wrap on the NES a fault of the OAM?
What is the best way to connect an old Tandberg QIC tape drive using today's computers?
Where was the DOS cdd utility from?
Sources for HP's A Graphics Language?
How did the original TRS-80 generate video?
Cassettes that used stereo?
Is my Japanese Pokemon Red cart fake or damaged?
Is the N64 incapable of 2D graphics?
Does the Commodore 64 have the PHX opcode?
How to put a delay in AUTOEXEC.BAT
Cannot find repGL source anywhere
Which tape drives were the last to offer backward compatibility with QIC-150 Tape Cartridges?
How can I edit CMOS hard drive geometry settings on a 1991 PC?
What did Microsoft customize on Windows 95 installation floppy disks?
How to read disk files using CBM specific functions in cc65 with proper error checking
Looking for a platformer game
Run and Gun game with bird creature as the protagonist
What is this old PC truck game?
Name of Atari ST 3D game?
Seeking source code for Balls (Atari ST/STOS game)
Inglish parser on the Hobbit (1982 video game)
What's the reason for the the Lagonda Series II dashboard to use a mixture of metric and imperial?
Is it possible to upgrade original iMac (1998) memory (RAM) to above 256 MB?
What init system was used in early Linux distributions?
Simplest system to create an emulator for
How to troubleshoot Amiga 600 power issue?
What was the first intelligent digital robot?
The earliest a home-computer or home-robot could be interfaced with a commercially available camera?
Using DRAM as a camera sensor?
Reason for gold lines on old ICs?
Differences between normal ARM7TDMI and ARM7TDMI used in GBA
Did IBM encourage Bill Gates to retain the rights over PC-DOS?
How did overstriking on printer terminals work?
List of Intel microchips
Starting a multi core CPU as single core
Emulating IRIX on a modern system
Process model in early UNIX
Is there a comparative analysis of the evolution paths of chips inheriting from TMS9918?
How did Apple ][ basic programs protect against listing?
What was the first interactive OS to run each command in a new process?
Floating Point on Konrad Zuse's computers
Apollo Guidance Computer and heat dissipation
How does Apple ][gs hardware dithering work?
What is the danger involved in trying to write already closed file with Commodore 1541 disk drive?
What's with the empty space on this die?
Can you tell me more about this robot?
Why did Nintendo commission Sony to create a disk reader if the Famicom already had one?
What is the basic logic behind the setting or ordering of keys in a keyboard?
Cross-Compatibility of UCSD p-Machine Versions?
Purpose of two disk drives on the Osborne 1
In IBM SCRIPT/VS, what does DSM stand for in macros DSMFIG, DSMLIST
what OS runs Zip drives?
Why are the internals of NES Gamepaks so small compared to the case?
How was copying prevented when the first CD-ROM games were introduced?
What exactly did Sony contribute to the original Apple PowerBook?
Symbian emulator to run Ngage games
Ways To Test iMac G3 Before Buying
Can anyone help me identify this computer?
Copying tapes "back in the day"
Did the transmeta processor architecture work by binary translation?
Searching for Swedish Mac game from the early 1990's where you try to sneak out of the house
What was the most popular CP/M terminal type?
Unlicensed home computer ports of arcade games
Name for rotary dial controllers?
How significant/pioneering was the TV Typewriter?
Which pre-IEEE computers had a single precision FPU and implemented double precision floats in software?
Minimal DOS long filename driver
Pirated spreadsheet software introducing intentional errors?
Does the TurboGrafX16 store switches and/or flags in RAM?
How is the 320x200x16 graphics mode mapped in the IBM PCjr?
What was the first mainstream advanced debugger?
What were the main uses of the large CRT and light pen on early PDP computers?
Why was the Hobbit withdrawn from the UK market?
What happened to EYRX?
Patent barriers to IBM mainframe compatibility?
Multiple mass storage controllers on Amiga 500 or 2000
Why did Windows pick 260 characters as the maximum path length?
Why does an instruction include the address of the next instruction on the IBM 650?
Is there a line printer sound simulator?
For fast scrolling DOS games, when was Mode13h preferred over Mode X?
Can you replace an Apple IIgs battery with regular AA alkalines?
Cassette tape storage formats
Why was BASIC on the Commodore 64 one byte shy of 38KiB?
What is the meaning of M in the Z80 statement ADD A,M
Tools for creating disk images on Mac Plus
VGA to CGA (RGBI) signal
Why did SAM on the Apple II use its own DAC?
Can a Harlequin ZX Spectrum clone be modifed to run CP/M?
What's the purpose of HOLD command in 6502 stack pointer
Why does the Galaksija use SRAM instead of DRAM?
What systems had the lowest resolution ever that still allowed games to be made?
Why did the Atari's have such clear displays?
Commodore 64 with red and white RCA cable
How many OS/2 viruses were there?
Operating systems (on support or recent) to install on a i486 processor computer
Which Nobel prize winners names besides Townes were used as code names for Fujitsu computers?
Old C128 - normal to straight away pull 2 amps?
Old grid-based puzzle game with snakes that wake up when on the same row/column as you
How did Parallel ATA/IDE Independent Device Timing work electrically?
Why have "room of dead" in Ultima VII?
Exidy Sorcerer: how can I load a program from cassette whilst within CP/M?
How did Super Mario Bros. 3 create this tunnel vision effect?
When TCP was first invented, was the initial sequence number required to be random?
Connecting multiple computers through dialup
When were other inexpensive computers able to recreate "The Amiga Juggler"?
What was the first publication documenting AT&T syntax assembly language?
Why does the SNES have a separate memory bank for sound?
Did any machines alternate between two video memory banks?
Are there vintage or historical bitmapped fonts available for non-commercial use?
Did any Apple II games use a "timing resistor"?
Were some Atari 2600 games written in C?
Why does the Commodore 64 leave these pointers in Zeropage?
Why did the original Apple //e have two sets of inverse video characters?
How to use the "darker" CGA palette using x86 Assembly?
Opening or converting GFA Basic files to something readable?
USB ports for a 486 laptop (pccard 16bits)
How was it back then in 1984, when the Apple II had color, and the new Macintosh didn't?
Why does AT&T syntax use * and $?
When were sprites first displayed in the border area?
How can floating point addition be so slow on a BESM-6?
What was the purpose of GROM (vs ROM) in the TI-99/4a?
Did CP/M provide compatibility for screen-based programs?
EGA style 16 color dithering
Is it possible to get a pdp7
CP/M SKU per CPU only?
IBM would-be purchase of CP/M
In CP/M, how does control-Z (hex 1a decimal 26) not interfere with ordinary file storage?
Could a 6502 use different speeds of RAM in a single machine?
Daisy wheel graphics using the period?
Why did Extended BASIC on the TI-99/4A only allow 28 of the 32 sprites?
How much did a serial terminal cost?
Were any PDP-11 systems with Corita Kent side-panels actually sold?
How viable is a universal PC parallel/serial connected CP/M disk controller/drive?
What is the 26-pin D-sub (DA-26) connector used for on the Media Vision Pro AudioSpectrum 16 Patch Panel?
How to exactly sync to the raster line for a vertical raster split?
IBM PC expansion card latency
Why separate cursor keys?
Wider tower cases
What do the numbers on the punch cards mean?
Could suitably-written Apple-I software force bytes into the display shift register, and do modern recreations emulate that?
Why not make more use of the video generation logic?
386SX, NES and how much did data lines really cost anyway?
What's the pitfalls when trying to connect a new SCSI hard drive to an old SCSI bus?
Does anyone have an x86 EGA draw pixel routine?
Why did trackballs disappear?
Why did 3.5" floppies win (and not another size)?
Is it possible to switch the interrupt source of the C64 to VIC without changing the IRQ routine?
How was the modem MNP protocol implemented in software?
A game where you could sell body parts for cash
Can DOS 6.22 recognize more than 504MB when the BIOS only supports CHS?
Why didn't Famicom games use the Konami SCC for expansion audio?
When and why did tape recorders acquire a "remote" input?
How to read old 3.5" Macintosh formatted floppies on a MacBookPro
How did the C64 interface tape drives?
Why does Sinclair BASIC have two formats for storing numbers in the same structure?
Are there any old and nowadays active Operating Systems which has only BASIC Programming Language?
When did game consoles acquire battery-backed clocks?
Can escape sequences be entered directly from keyboard to terminal for VT100 and similar?
Accessing DOS USB Drive
Why didn't PostScript eliminate the need for printer drivers?
Did terminals (e.g. VT100) require a terminal driver on the host computer?
Why do we need to acknowledge the interrupt from VIC-II?
How do Bulletin Board Systems work?
Have programming languages driven hardware development?
How to add Final Cartridge III to VICE C64/128 Emulator
What happens when a terminal (like a VT100) is connected to a computer?
Parallel to serial conversion
Why did Apple remove booting from external drives in later IIc ROM versions?
C116 vs C64 cost
Why not constant linear velocity floppies?
Operating systems which have non-x86 instruction set architecture
Can you compile 6502 assembly into a stand-alone PC application?
Amiga floppy disks and GCR vs MFM
How to image a RLL or MFM hard disk on an XT class PC
Logitech drivers from Windows 95 Installer on the actual disk
How big is a mainframe?
Did Windows NT 4 emulate x86 on non-Intel platforms?
Commodore BASIC and binary floating point precision
Commodore Plus/4 60671 bytes free - how?
Did a shuttle launch take most of the world's computing power?
What don't I understand about this LR35902 code?
How old is Perl's "Plain Old Documentation" (POD) format and why was it called "old" initially?
Back in the late 1980s, how was commercial software for 8-bit home computers developed?
WordStar's "column mode"
TCP over RS-232 with Windows 3.1 and Internet Explorer 5 dialer
What was the main purpose of bitshift instructions in CPU?
History of advanced hardware
Single-stepping the Altair 8800
Where was this Grace Hopper/Univac photo taken?
In what way could the Sperry Univac BC-7 computer "speak and understand" English?
ENIAC stands for Electrical Numerical Integrator And Calculator; what made it particularly suitable for numerical integration?
How does the floating point conversion in Zuse's machines work?
Was there a Western computer with blatantly missing instructions in the instruction set?
First Commodore 80-column monitor
How can a peripheral work on both the ZX81 and on the ZX Spectrum?
Is is possible to repair a SE/30 with reversed C2 and C11 capacitors?
What was the largest resolution supported by terminal escape codes?
Will PC-DOS run faster on 4 or 8 core modern machines?
Which was the first programming language that had data types?
How was dataflow analysis performed before SSA?
Which microcomputer manufacturers developed their own Local Area Network systems?
What was the first microprocessor to support full virtualization?
Why does my Epson HX-20 apparently have much less RAM than expected?
What was the effect of the Video Game Crash of 1983 outside of North America?
Cannot get K prompt on Timex 1500
AppleTalk adapters to bridge LocalTalk to Ethernet?
Why are the symbols on the number keys of PC & Mac keyboards different to ASCII keyboards?
Common practices of programming the AY-3-8910 on Amstrad CPC: via Firmware routines or directly?
Commodore PC-1 power supply measurements off
What characters which were in use at the time were excluded from ASCII?
What was the first games console to support linking consoles together for local multiplayer?
What was the DOS FAT12 720k floppy raw disk format structure?
Did any early computers use a different radix to improve accuracy of rational arithmetic?
Comparing Signed Numbers on Z80 (8080) in Assembly
Were there any working computers using residue number systems?
What is the minimum set of Kickstart kernel modules to allow an Amiga to boot?
How to repair an old motherboard
Capacitor replacement on European 220 volt Mac 512K And Plus
How did the 8086 interface with the 8087 FPU coprocessor?
Examples of operating systems using hardware task switching of x86 CPUs
Would a replacement screen from a TRS-80 model 102 work for a model 100?
Was it possible to send data over the phone-line without a modem?
UCSD P-System: Why only 77 files per volume?
Why did the C64 have ← and ↑ as dedicated keys?
Sam Coupé power supply heat
Why is the BBC Micro's Mode 7 so different to the other display Modes?
3 decimal digits per 10 bits
How to convert .ttf to .fnt for use with M10_SCR.COM DOS font driver
Why did the ZX Spectrum use an internal speaker?
Who invented scrollable screens in Amiga?
Attaching a CD-rom drive for A500
Why did the Apple III not support the color red?
Microsoft Mail for AppleTalk
What is the origin of this version of the "Moon Landing" game?
Why did some CPUs use two Read/Write lines, and others just one?
What are Holorydmachines?
Total number of 6502s or 8051s ever manufactured or sold?
Figuring out size of Device Drivers and where they are loaded in High Memory
Viruses for CP/M?
Was the Spartan by Mimic Systems a real product?
PDP-11 JMP and JSR - how was the target specified?
Different escape codes for the same keyboard keys -- where did they come from?
Why can't special controllers or accessories be used with Super FX games?
Create hard disk image
How much data could a home computer store on an audio cassette?
Which communication protocol is used in AdLib sound card?
Looking for a specific 6502 Assembler
Windows 98 SE Splash Screen loads forever
How do you open an Amiga A590 Power supply?
Does fast page mode apply to ROM?
Why are RAM chips 1 or 4 bits wide?
Wanted: 5.25" floppy to USB adapter
What is the origin of Mac OS X?
Did 5.25" floppies undergo a change in magnetic coating?
Does this computer have a steering wheel?
'Swap file' on early time sharing machines
How much time does a Mac SE/30 with 128 MB of memory take for its power-on memory test?
How many transistors in the Nintendo Super FX chip?
Who developed the Super FX co-processor?
Why did the Cray-1 have 8 parity bits per word?
Is the NES controller port identical to the port on a Wii remote?
Identifying an old game from the early 2000s
Can the Commodore 64 display 26 rows of text?
Does the in-code argument passing conventions used on PDP-11's have a name?
What commercial computers were based on the MC88100 and MC88110?
Why did Steve Jobs say that Darwin is a kernel?
What is the timeline of NASA ground control computers?
How to reset/recover password on Ascend/Lucent "SuperPipe 155" ISDN router
Latest web browser compatible with Windows 95 / 98
How to transfer file from one disk to another in Apple //e (Applewin)
Did CP/M support custom hardware using device drivers?
Test emulated 8080 CPU without an OS?
Apple IIGS: Is there a way to boot and run an Apple II OS in E0/E1 in native CPU mode?
SNES PPU die photo
qemu emulating MS-DOS cannot access CD-ROM
When did hardware antialiasing start being available?
(Modern?) Examples of Creative Computing/Ahl benchmark being used?
Did Nintendo change its mind about 68000 SNES?
Documentation for the MIT PDP-1X OS
How do I Interface a PS/2 Keyboard without Modern Techniques?
Gotek drives for MS-DOS (plus few more constraints)
How were early computer monitor signals used to breach security?
Why can't BIOS be accessed in 64bit mode on Intel/AMD chips?
What would happen if the DHR jumper was enabled on a Rev A Apple //e?
Z80 unexpected output
Did arcade monitors have same pixel aspect ratio as TV sets?
What was the first keyboard to have browser forward/back keys?
Where can I find and download emulator of Altair 8800 with Intel 8080 processor for Windows?
Preservation of old Computer Shopper magazines?
Was sneakernet a job description?
Identify this 1990s-era educational game featuring kohlrabi
Which developer set the precedent for use of the Shift key for safety (or skipping) at startup time?
What was the "biggest" or the "greatest" task ever performed by MITS Altair 8800?
Expanded Ram Options for the TRS-80 Model 100 possible into the megabyte range?
DOS networking (Ethernet)
Was the picture area of a CRT a parallelogram (instead of a true rectangle)?
How did the template cache in CFront work?
Vic-20 total game cartridge sales
Did the 286 go out of its way to follow the 8088 bus protocol?
How can I implement the modulus operator in Commodore 64 Basic?
What does ld a,(hl) do in this piece of Z80 ASM code, and why is HL incremented?
Does "Unix" and "UNIX" represent the same thing?
Where does the Z80 processor start executing from?
Macintosh SE/30 cover screw size
When did Lisp start using symbols for arithmetic?
Looking for Complex Algorithms to Demonstrate Ascota 170 Capabilities
How did people program for Consoles with multiple CPUs?
Did any assemblers work like this?
What was the first Unix version to run on a microcomputer?
Were there computers whose text touched( or came close to ) the overscan border?
How does the Z80 determine which peripheral sent an interrupt?
Which Amiga systems did access RAM with fast page access?
Did the PC/AT-bus use its expanded address space?
What's the fastest way to ignore keypresses?
How was the prototype-robot for the Atari 2600 kept in the same position as the robot on screen?
How did the Amiga uses compare to uses for other personal computers in 1985?
Graph of the history of databases
When did computers stop needing to be marketed as calculators?
Why did some early computer designers eschew integers?
Early programmable calculators with RS-232
Data retrieval from 5.25 floppy disks
How can I use the Commodore KERNAL to print a character to the screen?
Why were 5.25" floppy drives cheaper than 8"?
Why was the shrinking from 8″ made only to 5.25″ and not smaller (4″ or less)?
How much RAM did the first version of Oregon Trail on the Apple II require?
Decoding the Workings of the TRS-80 BASIC Game "Escape!"
How to use the MOD operator in TRS-80 model 100 BASIC?
Was the Stack Exchange "Happy April Fools" page fitting with the '90's code?
How many units did TI Invaders sell?
Why don't manufacturers make handheld computers like the Jornada 720 any more?
How advanced was the Amiga Walker prototype?
Drilling 720Kb floppies to 'upgrade' them to 1440Kb?
What was Burst Mode on the 68030 and why didn't the A2630 support it?
How was the 8 to 16 bit transition of data lines managed for S-100
Mac Plus flyback transformer replacements
Were any external disk drives stacked vertically?
How much RAM could one put in a typical 80386 setup?
IBM 5153 vs color TV in actual picture tube
Can an x86 CPU running in real mode be considered to be basically an 8086 CPU?
Why did CGA RGBI output leave DAC to the monitor?
How did 2-chip CPUs work?
What are the HSync and VSync frequencies of these common VGA tweak modes?
Alternatives for TurboVision on DOS
Windows 98 hangs after entering password on fresh install
IBM PC memory map - why RAM at the bottom?
Why was the DEC Q-Bus called the Q-bus?
DOS, create pipe for stdin/stdout of command.com(or 4dos.com) in C or Batch?
DOS/4DOS Prompt with animated characters?
Sinclair ZX Spectrum with DivMMC load issue
How were arcade games developed?
Was Apple's Developer Release DR1 of Copland ever distributed?
DOS, create pipe for stdin/stdout of command.com(or 4dos.com) in C or Batch?
Why could you hear an Amstrad CPC working?
Why did Acorn's A3000 have red function keys?
What role did the BBC have in the development and marketing of Acorn Archimedes computers?
What is a .95END file?
Did any laptop computers have a built-in 5 1/4 inch floppy drive?
What can an 8086 CPU do if an x87 floating-point coprocessor is attached to it?
What was the last x86 CPU that did not have the x87 floating-point unit built in?
Protected/virtual memory support in classic AmigaOS
Why are PDP-7-style microprogrammed instructions out of vogue?
How were Zuse Z22 Instructions Encoded?
Why did the IBM 650 use bi-quinary?
How does a biquinary adder work?
Did Xerox engineers really develop the first graphical user interface?
Did Xerox really develop the first LAN?
What does the "x" in "x86" represent?
IBM 650 - how many logic gates?
What is the maximum voltage of high voltage differential SCSI?
Name this Macintosh music application
Is there a program I can run on the C64 to speed up booting of a game?
When did MS Windows get Dual Monitor support?
What was the first console to have temporary backward compatibility?
Build automation tools before make?
Why wasn't DOSKEY integrated with COMMAND.COM?
What was the first language compiler to support subtype polymorphism?
Did MS DOS itself ever use blinking text?
How can I input a string in ZX Spectrum BASIC using INPUT and not show the quotation marks?
What was the first language to offer "full" structured programming support?
What was the first language to use conditional keywords?
Why weren't discrete x86 CPUs ever used in game hardware?
What was the first time a programmer was able to use the well know block structure for conditional code?
What order were files/directories output in dir?
Did any compiler fully use Intel x87 80-bit floating point?
Is the IBM 5153 color display compatible with the Tandy 1000 16 color modes?
Is it possible to write IIgs floppies from a Powermac 7100?
What is the difference between CTSS and ITS?
What were wait-states, and why was it only an issue for PCs?
How did Elite on the NES work?
Was Objective-C really a hindrance to Apple software development?
How do I connect an IDE hard drive to an Amiga 4000 tower?
How to add an "int" to a "float" in the B programming language?
Are all CP/M-80 implementations binary compatible?
Why did C use the -> operator instead of reusing the . operator?
Refactoring Old Printer Driver for Current Linux Kernel
Was Dennis Ritchie being too modest in this quote about C and Pascal?
What makes accurate emulation of old systems a difficult task?
Identify Windows DirectX game about building a manufacturing business
When and why did "Public Domain" software releases give way to "Open Source"?
C64 cartridge emulation with ATmega
Did the BCPL programming language support floats?
Why is modulo operation an operator for integer types but only a function for floating-point ones?
What was this computer I remembered?
What was the first Intel x86 processor with "Base + Index * Scale + Displacement" addressing mode?
Is there a way to get a compiler for the original B programming language?
How to get a plain text file version of a CP/M .BAS (M-BASIC) program?
Were there actually any games for the IMSAI 8080 computer, used in the movie WarGames?
Does the Apple IIgs FPI assert /CROMSEL for *write* accesses to the extended ROM space?
What connection exists between Facit AB and Sharp on the MZ-800 computer?
HP presage of the PDA revolution
Why did the Apple IIc perform badly in the market?
65C816: Inputs TTL-compatible?
Was the ancestor of SCSI, the SASI protocol, nothing more than a draft?
Was Unix ever a single-user OS?
How-to destroy sensitive data on floppies?
What is the most rudimentary input method a platform has ever been programmed in?
Was there ever a Kickstart that took advantage of 68020+ instructions that would work on an A2000?
Why do we use caret (^) as the symbol for ctrl/control?
What are all the patches that SetPatch applies to Kickstart?
First appearance of the Sieve in Byte *as a benchmark*?
What was the design of the Macintosh II's MMU replacement?
ZSPL language, anyone heard of it?
What was the first programming language to have 'printf'?
Are there any PDP-8 assemblers that create linkable object files?
Why wasn't the Z6 version of the Infocom Z-machine ported to the IIgs?
How do I allocate more memory to an app on Sheepshaver running Mac OS 9?
Can anyone identify this unknown 1988 PC card from The Palantir Corporation?
Where to find QICStream software for reading old QIC-150 tape?
Did any early RISC OS precursor run on the BBC Micro?
Origins of the "array like" strings in BASIC
Was Vilnius BASIC cross-platform?
How to get BBC BASIC to TRS-80?
Looking for a MS-DOS cars game
Backlight inverter failure on TI Travelmate
Looking for educational AI game for classic macos
Was dynamic type check in Pascal commonplace?
Fate of mystery Motorola RMS graphics chipset (68486 + 68487)
Was there ever any real use for a 6800-based Apple 1?
Where to find a ROM dump for the Atari ST cartridge 'ACTION'
XT IDE causes BASIC not to load properly on IBM 5155
Looking for ATARI-ST Graphics Image
Can the quality of a programming language be objectively determined?
Motorola 6845 and bitwise graphics
Were any of the books mentioned in this scene from the movie Hackers real?
How to use ISA card in modern PC
When did game consoles begin including FPUs?
BASIC09 questions
What are the best file formats for backup & emulation of retro game CDs? And why?
How to use TOSEC?
Preventing socketed chip corrosion?
How was the blinking terminal cursor invented?
Largest memory peripheral for Sinclair ZX81?
How to determine PCB revision of a Sinclair ZX-81
Purpose of using REM when running TR-DOS commands in BASIC
Early 1982 PCW article about pseudo random dungeon mapping
Patch BBC Master ROM using Sideways RAM?
Why does the Apple IIgs FPI chip buffer the A14 address signal to the ROM?
Creative uses for serial port?
Why do the i8080 I/O instructions take a byte-sized operand to determine the port?
What did the 'turbo' button actually do?
What is the purpose of the yellow wired panels on the IBM 360 Model 20?
What was the Macintosh's BOM cost?
Can my floppy disk still work without a shutter spring?
Set screen resolution in DOS-only PC
What is known about the internal workings of the Z80?
Compaq Portable vs IBM 5155 Portable PC
Texas Instruments SN502
Why are C64 games inconsistent with which joystick port they use?
When and what was the first 3D acceleration device ever released?
Why does the 6502 have the BIT instruction?
How did early x86 BIOS programmers manage to program full blown TUIs given very few bytes of ROM/EPROM?
What is this side-scrolling fighting game for the Amiga?
What is a subpixel in Super Mario Bros, and how does it relate to wall clipping?
Strange math syntax in old basic listing
Does the Commodore 64 power switch have a history of failing?
Would anyone have made a mechanical, or electronic camera for their computer or robot?
Looking for an old image of designing a CPU with plan laid out / being edited on a literal floor
In the original Z80 layout, where are the "traps" located? And what are their effects?
Monitor for an SGI Octane?
How did the Zip Chip and RocketChip accelerators work for the Apple II?
Atari 1040ST AV video output - blurred and jagged vertical edges
Where are the pullups for the Commodore 64 keyboard matrix lines?
can i build a colecovision ac adapter
What is the best option to connect old computer to modern TV
Apple I and II video output to a contemporary TV set?
Why was it possible to cause an Apple //e to shut down with SHIFT and paddle button 2?
What use are the data direction registers in the MOS 6526 CIA?
When and why would MacinTalk say "open-apple hold"?
Where can I read the article from Personal Computer World, Nov 1978, which introduced the 8th Rugg/Feldman test program?
Did the first version of Linux developed by Linus Torvalds have a GUI?
Z80N multiply compared to MC68000
What LISP compilers and interpreters were available for 8-bit machines?
Was Hurd kernel created as a modification of Linux kernel?
When did Linux kernel become libre software?
When did various PONG systems overflow/crash due to points?
What was the first Linux distribution?
Was the output of the C64 SID chip 8 bit sound?
Why was the Sega Genesis marketed as a 16-bit console?
How exactly do all control signals in 6502 work?
How did old MS-DOS games utilize various graphic cards?
Fixing obscure 8080 emulator bug?
What was the reasons for DEC engineers to choose MMU page size in VAXen?
Why VGA framebuffer was limited to 64kB window?
ISA Extension cards using more than 64kB
Why the DOS extender and DPMI were unavailable to DOS programs on 286 standard mode of Windows 3.0
Mid-1980s 808x computer with 24-bit graphics
What was the first x86 CPU to use a cache of any kind?
90s game about a man with a revolver fighting demons
Paging vs. segments in the Z8000
Can someone explain this algorithm used to compute the auxiliary carry flag?
Pac-Man-like: Playing a Excavator bucket or mining drill on a cable
What are some notable historic keyboard designs with unusual colours?
Desk computer with embedded CRT, 8" floppy
Why did Intel abandon unified CPU cache?
Historical speed of linear programming solvers
Did Apple bundle a specific monitor with the Apple II+ for schools?
Was self-modifying code possible using BASIC?
Why did scandisk exist?
Is there data for programming language popularity pre year 2000?
How did console flexowriters connect to their computers?
ISVs in the mainframe and minicomputer eras
What is this Amiga 1200 mod?
SGI Octane and Octane 2 fail to boot
Why are my VGA vram to vram copies so slow?
Reserving extra directory blocks with cpmtools?
PlayStation 2 Slim with analog A/V output having noise interference issues
What did the 8086 (and 8088) do upon encountering an illegal instruction?
What is this Amiga 2000 mod?
How to teach the Z80 to count milliseconds and microseconds like Arduino?
Why do Early DRAMs (e.g. 4116) have a negative Column Address Set-up Time?
How to load into FAST RAM on Apple IIgs?
Software Failure after RAM upgrade Amitek Hawk
Why does this Apple //e drops into system monitor when booting?
Will the circuit work normally if different chip speeds (eg 8088-2 and 8255-1)
Getting Music Functioning for Raptor: Call of the Shadows (1994)
High-end PC graphics circa 1990?
Tannenbaum paper on constants in ISAs?
What is the oldest commercial MS-DOS program that can run on modern versions of Windows without third-party software?
What was the first third-party commercial application for MS-DOS?
Is there any difference between Т34ВМ1 and КМ1858ВМ1/3?
Parity error under DOS
What combinations of modifier keys can you detect on an Apple II?
Anyone have more information on the "Hammerstein TV Games" 1st gen console?
Why did pressing the joystick button spit out keypresses?
What was the format for .OBJ files produced by M80.COM for CP/M?
How well known and how commonly used was Huffman coding in 1979?
What capacitors to use in Atari 1040STE power supply
Did any mechanical computers or calculators handle divide by zero with an exception, or did they all loop?
Is there any tool to convert .DSK to mp3 file?
What type of video card would be able to drive a VGA monitor that uses a standard HD 15 pin connector with a non VGA standard pinout?
AT system without -5v
MASS MicroSystems MO/128 Magneto-Optic Drive mystery
Atari 1040STFM PSU Hissing, high pitch sound when on
CompactFlash driver for Sony Clié (Palm OS)
A way to connect Microsoft Green-Eyed mouse to modern computer?
Details of video memory access arbitration in Space Invaders
how can I connect a scanner with Centronics 50 output to USB?
Can Access Fault Exceptions of the MC68040 caused by internal access faults occur in normal situations?
How good was Woz's FP code?
Horizontal hold on Atari 800xl connected to flat screen tv
Extracting files from a Windows 3.1 (16bit) install/archive (game)
Single level file directory
Why wasn't ASCII designed with a contiguous alphanumeric character order?
How did Satoru Iwata compress Pokemon GS to fit two regions on a single cartridge?
Integer overflows in MS BASIC
Why wasn't EBCDIC designed with contiguous alphanumeric characters?
Why did the Apple IIe make a hideous noise if you inserted the disk upside down?
What is this tool that was once used to teach beginner level BASIC?
Did this game and computer system from Magnum PI exist?
When did the 65C02 become available?
What was the point of separating stdout and stderr?
Amiga Workbench copy command just outputs 'copy mode'
Old game, possibly called "Demons"
What word processing software was used by the Apple //e outside of Australia?
What was the standard size of a PC clone's badge indent?
pfs3 error when copying files
What was the ASCII end of medium (EM) character intended to be used for?
What kind of cable do I need to connect a Movemaster EX RV-M1 robotic arm to a PC?
Why did moving the mouse cursor cause Windows 95 to run more quickly?
Source Code Archival in early Game Developement
On DOS computers, what would the PARK command do?
First computer to have interactive text on a CRT?
Why has Novell never written its own boot loader?
What's the required battery voltage within a DALLAS DS12C887+ RTC?
Why did Super-VGA offer the 5:4 1280*1024 resolution?
Library of MS BASIC programs in text format?
How did the IEC decide to create kibibytes?
Why didn't the Acorn Archimedes support general purpose co-processors?
How do I use my adapted PS2 keyboard & mouse on a windows 10 computer?
Color Computer Expansion port "listening" bus
Why weren't bootable game disks ever common on the IBM PC?
The IBM RAM with non-standard pin layout
Why was hardware diversification an asset for the IBM PC ecosystem?
What do the stars mean on the Bell Labs Pins (company culture)?
Read HP Basic (RMB) tokenized file into clear text?
Old Conner IDE hard drives that are mistakenly detected as being 2TB, how do I connect to and image them?
Understanding C64 Character Memory
What was this menu application in DOS?
WEGA operating system origins
Connecting SCM Swapbox PCMCIA reader (ISA) to modern PC
Building a Sega Genesis Classic Portable - What kind of display?
How did the Game Boy Advance stretch Game Boy games to widescreen?
Why is the order of the special characters on the keyboard like !@#$%^&*()?
Behavior of the zero and negative/sign flags on classic instruction sets
What made Windows ME so crash-prone?
Dimensioned drawing of 64-pin SIMM?
SYNC and the 65CE02 instruction timing
Does the Intel 8085 CPU use real memory addresses?
Intel 8080-based home computers
Why doesn't the Intel 8086 CPU use real memory addresses?
Why is the Intel 8086 CPU called a 16-bit CPU?
Term “console” in game consoles
What was the difference between a Games Console and a Home Computer?
Locked-up DOS computer beeped on keypress. What mechanism caused that?
What makes MOVEQ quicker than a normal MOVE in 68000 assembly?
Old SCSI controller won't boot on certain PC
ACA1221 cooling
How does the Gameboy's memory bank switching work?
What does Windows' "Tuning up Application Start" do?
Why is the unchangable Nintendo Game Boy logo in the cartridge?
What does a Nintendo Game Boy do when turned on without a game cartridge inserted?
How does the Gameboy address external hardware?
On a Gameboy, what happens when attempting to read/write external RAM while RAM is disabled?
Does switching on an old games console without a cartridge damage it?
Why did modems have speakers?
Why did computer video outputs go from digital to analog, then back to digital?
Non-obvious compatibility of M1297 monitor
String libraries for BASIC
Connecting Computer to GameCube Controller Port
What determined the type of error dialog being shown in Windows 3.1?
What was the rationale behind 36 bit computer architectures?
Long variable names in MS BASIC
How does Game Boy / Sharp LR35902 HRAM work?
Is the Game Boy Sharp LR35902 object-compatible with the 8080/Z-80?
How does states, bus cycles and clock cycles differ in the M68000?
How did C64 games handle music during gameplay?
In what way does the Straight-8 expand on the PDP-5?
Why is the original Altair BASIC (for the 8080 CPU) source code not available on-line?
Does the Intel 8086 CPU have user mode and kernel mode?
Did the IBM PC use the 8088's NMI line?
Could the Intel 8086 CPU have many segments in memory of the same type?
Will any serial mouse connect to Classic Macs?
Was there any VIC-20 expansion to bring memory beyond the default maximum of 40 KiB?
Low-cost sound chip
Interrupt pin type on the 6502
How did the SysRq key get onto modern keyboards if it's rarely used?
Why did Windows 95 crash the whole system but newer Windows only crashed programs?
8086 stack segment and avoiding overflow in interrupts
Are there any CPUs or MCUs object-compatible with the 6800 that have additional index registers or addressing modes?
How did the Sinclair compare on price with the C64 in the UK?
What technologies were used to harden Windows against Bluescreens
What is a more featureful and/or better coded 6800 disassembler for modern machines than f9dasm?
What's the timeline of Motorola 6800-family CPUs from 1974 to 1979?
How was text handled on the Amstrad CPC 464?
How is PETSCII used by assembly-language programs?
What were the first chips with hardware support for SPI?
How did restarts resolve parity errors triggered by broken core-rope wires?
Did any micros use the 6502 BCD mode in their OS?
How do Apple II BASIC compilers compare?
How was concurrent programming achieved on the PDP-10?
IBM mainframe classic executable file formats
Anyone heard of 'something like' EDITLN or EDITLINE or LINEDIT statement in BASIC?
3 beeps on a 486 computer with an American Megatrends bios?
Why were pipes removed from the Lisa?
How to switch an 80286 from protected to real mode?
What was the influence of the 'Legion of Doom' and the e-zine Phrack on early computer culture?
What was the role of Commodore-West Germany?
Is it true that control+alt+delete only became a thing because IBM would not build Bill Gates a computer with a task manager button?
Reference material for building a DIY Stack Computer from Logic Gates
What 486 motherboard is this, with American Megatrends BIOS identifying is DPAQ-6156-043090-KF?
Steps to recover data from Conner CP341
What was the first multiprocessor x86 motherboard?
Identify Toshiba CRT
Why was CPU32 core created, and how is it different from 680x0 CPU cores?
Atari ST DRAM timing puzzle
Why did MS BASIC use the line number for FOR loops?
Unix utility "smiley" to decode emoticons: Where to get it?
How can I extract game data from Nitemare 3D files?
First use of "destructuring" in computing?
0xF1 opcode-prefix on i80286
When was Tantalum first used in computing?
Xerox 3700 Documentation?
Did any devices use the Commodore 64 joystick ports as outputs or two-way communications ports?
Why did IBM make the PC BIOS source code public?
How to write directly to the Commodore 64 (or similar) DAC
Where can I find the Applesoft line-drawing algorithm?
Did DOS zero out the BSS area when it loaded a program?
What are the Ultra-Highres registers in ECS and AGA for?
What should we do with manuals from the 80s?
What's the relationship betweeen MS-DOS and XENIX?
Commercial C64 software implemented in Forth?
What was the intention with the Commodore 128?
6502: is BCD *fundamentally* the same performance as non-BCD?
What programming languages appeared in 1961?
Why were TECO variables called Q-registers?
Sharp Super Scientific EL-9000 English Manual
Could somebody remind me how to access the WAP browser on the Nokia N73?
How do I examine and use the SWTBUG monitor ROM in the SIMH SWTP6800 simulator?
How to setup a teletype to a unix shell
Need circuit - manual step-by-step clock for 8086/8088
What is the hex versus octal timeline?
Were there 486SX revisions without an FPU on the die?
Why did MS-DOS applications built using Turbo Pascal fail to start with a division by zero error on faster systems?
Do AT motherboards (286, 386, 486) really need -5V (besides redirecting it to ISA connectors)?
Is there any music source code for sound chips?
Modern Alternative to Malvino's Digital Computer Electronics
Digital PCB Plans for Retro Computers
Was the Music System for the Exidy Sorcerer as exceptional as I remember?
What are examples of providing non-RST instructions for 8080 interrupts?
GPU chip implementation on CPU - will it be faster?
Arduino Uno (ATMega328) vs Motorola 68000/68010
Are game port joystick button circuits more than plain switches? Is this one just faulty?
Origin of VIC-II (PAL) chip labelled 8656R2?
How to read Microware OS-9 RBF Filesystem under Windows / Linux?
What are the IPSE’s, the ASPE’s, the FRIPSE’s and the GRIPSE’s?
Did the Apollo Guidance Computer really use 60% of the world's ICs in 1963?
Commodore 64 with partly working keyboard (part 2)
Saving screen pixels to string in ZX Basic
What ways are there to "PEEK" memory sections in (different) BASIC(s)
emulator library that allows to partially emulate old games
Discharging an AT power supply for maintenance
Build a hardware clone or emulator of Apple II?
Small RAM 4 KB on the early Apple II?
How did the Altair 8800 front panel load the program counter?
What are the electrical characteristics of a PC gameport?
