Protect data stored in binary
Reducing PE Headers
Reverse Engineering an iBaby M6
Is the security of this .net application flawed?
Why does calling the original function from my hook fail?
Dynamic list of user-mode dlls in windows
How to call idc function with idapython
KiUserExceptionDispatcher hook
How to bypass ZwContinue?
Reverse Engineering of a packet encryption function of a game
Calling functions from IDAPython
Connecting to mac_server with IDA Pro on Windows
Use Android Shared library (.so) files in Linux
Which python library for parsing Linux ELF files?
How to find status and path of the specific module with C in the windows?
Get memory locations using IDAPython
Cross debugging for ARM / MIPS ELF with QEMU/toolchain
Expressing trace semantics as a solution for a fixpoint equation
Processing a handle to a module
IL for decompiler to human-readable format
ELF: How to make IDA show me the correct PLT (Procedure Linkage Table) content?
How to analyze a callback function with ollydbg?
What is the correct disassembly for ARM7 opcode E1F120D1?
PinTool catches instrumented application exceptions
Patching a Mach-O Binary Header to remove a LC_SEGMENT
Address of loaded driver on memory
How to store a string securely inside your app?
How does this version of `rm -rf /` work?
Find out how an Android app controls my AV Receiver
Hash algorithm written in C decompiled with IDA
Remotely debugging Android native ARM library running in Bluestacks
Extracting arguments from IDA
How allocate memory on Kernel mode by windbg?
Counting offsets of structure fields
How can I remove a bbl instrumentation call at a specific address in PIN?
How to create HexRays variables in IDAPython correctly?
NdrClientCall2 fails with STATUS_OBJECT_NAME_NOT_FOUND
Workflow patching Java jar file
Decompile erlang .beam files compiled without debug_info
How to create a IDA FLIRT signature for a PPC library?
Where Ida Pro is using my defined structures
Searching for a sequence of instructions in IDA Pro
identify packer compression or encryption algorithm
How can I detect what's calling an .exe when pressing a keyboard button? (and hook it)
How to go back to main thread?
Packed PE-file, where to start?
Why int 21h/ ah=0Ah doesn't work in emu86
How to get opcodes for assembly using ppc processor (IDAPython)
How I can get the text with c# from Tkinter (python) window?
How are obfuscators detected?
How does my S62 engine utilize MAF sensors to convert voltage to mass flow?
Use OllyDbg to identify what happens when a button is pressed
Decoding binary - basics
Decompress NAND dump (custom LZ77/LZSS?)
Trouble understanding change in number when popped from FPU to CPU Stack
How to find compressed or encrypted parts in a packed executable?
How to retrieve assembly from a raw memory dump?
Saving program execution state for fuzzing
Working with unsupported binary formats
Reverse Engineering a python mac application compiled with "freeze"
Getting "Access violation executing location" error
Set memory breakpoing on access on a section in IDA
Analyze a created thread after main thread
How to extract the SID string?
IdaPro/HexRays type libraries
How can I change the a port a program listens on?
DLL entry point in memory
Anti-kernelmode functions (specifically zwquerysysteminformation)
How do i make gnu as recognize all ARMV7 instructions?
What are the some of the special usecases of general purpose registers
10 years as erp consultant. Is too late to become an ethical hacker?
Turn ¨Assemble¨ option on, in IDA Pro Demo
how to find OEP when packer runs from original code section?
How to connect to embedded device via charge-only USB?
Conditional instructions on ARM
Floating point registers on ARM
Division on ARM
decoding blob into original file
Generating call graph for assembly instructions
IDA Pro: Side effects or disadvantages of "Create function"
Load IE symbols in Immunity Debugger
Methods of discovering the location of nag/pop-up screens besides string search?
Question about dwFlags and IDA (or any simple way to translate dwFlags)
infosec reverse engineering course
Setting name of (newly created) functions via IDAPython
Initial ESP and EBP values (Windows x86)
Reversing Luac (is there a way to get proper variable names)
finding a checksum function using static analysis (IDA)
Tracing function call args with IDA Pro
Generating function signatures based on source code WITHOUT compiling
How to recognize the function call in a dynamic lib?
NetEase Cloud Music: Getting search results in API
I cannot find a text string referened in the the .rdata
Ida Pro: parsig complex operand expression using Idapython
"Sound Box" Custom Message
False positives with conditional breakpoint in OllyDBG
How do I find a collision for a simple hash algorithm
Unpacking abo1.exe advanced buffer overflow challenge from www.binary-auditing.com
How to find out why OllyDbg crashes?
How can I let IDA execute int 2D so that execution transfers to the exception handler function?
Binary diffing: Why moving ebx to eax, instead of pushing ebx?
OpenOCD, Buspirate JTAG reads fail after short time
Finding the h.264 stream in a bytestream
Understanding the loop disassembly
What are the risks of running a decompiler?
How to get value at the current linear address in the IDC script?
Adding new code with Ida
Computing subtracted stack space for a function manually
Adding exception range to IDA
Bypassing CRC check
ADC in ARM : What is the corresponding C?
Calling a function in a MIPS library
Replacing small length instruction with larger length instruction
Offset calculation for branch instruction in ARM
Visual studio memory allocation reverse engineering
How to call DebugActiveProcessStop from disassembled code?
Raw numeric data interpretation in Wireshark
How do I become a Malware Analyst?
Reverse Engineer Float and Double Types in C++
How can I generate a call graph from an unstripped x86 Linux ELF?
Import hexdump into IDA pro
How to analyse a poorly documented DLL API?
JTAG finding BS registers for IC's pins
OllyDbg, breakpoint log and encoding
Beginner buffer overflow - why isn't my shellcode executing?
File reverse engineering - .tbl format
Address is 3 bytes - need 4 bytes to overwrite RET
Why use some cracks a patch and a keygen?
How to read and analyze Intel PIN trace
How can I extend a memory of an analysed executable in IDA Pro?
How to find a verification routine that enables a button and a textbox
How can I decode this php code?
OllyDbg find function by name
C Generated File by IDA Pro
Tools for automated deobfuscation
Help with analysis from IDA Pro Hex-Rays dump
Declaration of a complex C expression
What key is being using to encrypt the key transport in this Zigbee capture?
How to distinguish Functions boundaries, entry points and instructions in instruction trace
How to update the injected calls' address after patching binary?
IDA Plugin/Script Output File Character Limit?
Reversing encryption by analysing executable
Finding address from function name
Problem with IDA Pro Code
Modify code with ILSpy
Debugging Win32.Upatre - why does Ollydbg fail to analyze this?
The Addressing Problem?
Computing the length of a string in ARM
How to debug under Olly the Windows 8.1 Store apps?
Null Byte not breaking shellcode
Patch methods in COM dll
How can I parse VMTs in IDA if I have the base address?
Breakpoint on io file read
Anti-Debugging technique in Os-monitor
Distinguish between local function calls and external(imported) function calls in a dynamic trace
Python library for linux to demangle MSVC decorated names
IDA Pro: Platform-independent way to check if an instruction is a jump
Need advice : Reverse engineering a pdf with shellcode
Breakpoints on ARM
Books on reversing with GDB?
How to detect whether stack or alternative memory access type in LDM/STM instruction?
Defining Pointers outside the Target Proccess Memory Space
How do I found out what register used for stack pointer on RISC architectures?
Output of gdb `info registers`
How to extract the filesystem from a I240w-A firmware
Return address on ESP?
Why does windows put standard functions base address in Data Segment?
Debug binary with GDB & disassembly: File format not recognized (elf headers corrupted)
Which functions of a dll is called in OllyDBG
Patch driver loading process
reversing bytcode - trying to work decompiling expression
unpack a malware manually
Why do i get into endless loop in winapi when i am debugging?
How does PeID calculate entropy?
Figure out the objective-c code from this snipette
Is there a website that hosts the strings application?
AT&T XOR argument at radare2
How to add code to Portable Executable?
Decoding A/C IR Codes
Why can I access FS:[0] in OllyDbg but not offsets to CS,DS,SS?
Can I expand the view of a structure in IDAPython?
What's the use of "Segments Registers" sub view of IDA Pro?
Where can I get Linux malware samples?
IDA Flair all functions skipped when creating .pat file
Setting Breakpoints at functions decoded by Hopper/IDA Pro in an iOS app
How to get same compare result of Eax value in all window OS
How can I use an x64 debugger to reroute a .NET application's logic?
Extract resources from compiled "resource file"
how use pefile to check for NX, ASLR, SAFESEH and CFG (Control Flow Guard) flag
What kind of compression/obfuscation algorithm is this?
Illegal Instruction on sample Buffer Overflow exploit
What kind of knowledge do I need for Reverse Engineering?
IDA Pro: How to set data size and data length in "Watch List"
Getting License Key from Installed Program and Making Installed Program an Executable Installer
Mysterious bytecode (executable?) file from a chinese decibel meter whose manufacturer has been hacked &/or gone bankrupt
Opening program via Ollydbg/Immunity in Win7 causes exception unless in XP Compatibility Mode
How to find "enter" key event functions in games
How do i use IDA for heap search for specific types and values?
hidden module when debug with ollydbg 2.01 with size?
How do I make a YARA signature that does NOT look in the resource section?
What certifications do I need to become a Malware Analyst?
Passing arrays to a function call (Buffer Overflow)
Assembly analyze C system() function
How to debug the DLL of an EXE using IDA Pro?
Tracing variable access/usage instructions
Reversing a 2.4Ghz Quadcopter remote control
Can mprotect set the stack itself as executable?
Loop through letters of a string with index
Can anyone suggest a method to identify the compression ratio used by an image compression app like whatsapp .
Unable to dump a process
Why are PUSHF and POPF so slow?
Wrong default starting address
Finding all API calls in a function
Automating a custom QGraphicsObject control in an external QT based process
gdbserver doesn't trigger breakpoints
Find the right layer header for a corrupt pcap
Reconstruct control-flow graph from x86 instruction trace
Dump global datas to disk in assembly code
Set QWORD with a constant value in IDA Pro
Android priority values
Automatic generation of call graph in IDA Pro
Instrumenting syscall by static binary rewriting
Putting an application in between client and server
Code-Cave Assembly Patching Issue in x64_dbg
adding environment variable to ida pro
Implementation of mul x86 assembly instruction in python
Some help with disassembled code understanding
How to port function names from one exe to another?
Execution failure of shellcode in stack without DEP
API calls documentations in ida pro (fortran)
Intercepting syscall in a shared object (dynamically linked)
Android malware reversing : constant values
How to identify the encryption in packet data using OLLYDBG
Javascript equivalent of JEB
Debug function in MIPS .ko file (with IDA and Qemu)
Red addresses in IDA Pro
Reverse engineer 4-bit CRC in LG IR packet
Reimplementing the x86 AESENC instruction in python
Simple type casting
How to read NSCR1000 data files?
How to change the DLL name in the already compiled application?
How can I find the implementation/source code of an interface in .NET?
Debugging a DOS4GW/Causeway packed program
What does this combination SCAS and STOS?
lldb - breakpoint not reached when attach do process (but executing when set before app running)
Globally allocated arrays optimization
Any tips for analyzing this mips function
Why does not "call 12345678" jump to "12345678" address?
Reading line by line of the ollyDBG instead of looking for specific instructions
Use the functionality available in the unknown DLL
SP analysis failed in gfortran compiled application
Reverse Engineering Firmware
Is there a tool to see kernel space mapping of a Windows exe?
Strings in a function
How to apply IDA structure to a pointer of a structure
Disassembly: Question regarding CMP within a stack?
Prefix REPNE instruction
What does this XOR do?
Is it possible to run a flash memory dump from a production device inside of an emulator/simulator?
Math kernel library applications
Windbg Scripting Issue
One shellcode works, one doesn't - an issue with exploiting a 64 bit linux binary
BSWAP and CMP as obfuscation for Anti-Debugging?
What is the meaning of *(_DWORD *)
Avoid re-enabling patches between reruns in Ollydbg
Undo patch in IDA
One-pass streaming algorithm for detecting bytecode/opcode?
Reverse engineer malware embedded in Microsoft rtf
How does storing values in registers result in a functioning program?
Detection of OllyDbg - INT3?
VirtualKD + VBox > 4.3
Logging COM calls with OllyDBG
Specific byte purpose in header of little endian ARM binary
Taking up reverse engineering as a research topic, need advice
Getting Encryption Method When I Know Encrypted File Name & Original File Name
Is it possible to decompile the password protected rar file?
Techniques for reverse engineering an unknown or protected file format
How to get current PHP function name in gdb?
Why darwin kernel crashes on function call via lldb while debugging the process?
Difficulty of reverse engineering based on target
Malware checks for hwid
Want to get back into reverse engineering havn't for a few years whats a good starting point for getting back into it?
How to find the entry point in LLDB on OS X?
What is EMOD_MULTI evaluation mode in OllyDBG?
How to dump PHP backtrace on live running script in lldb?
Determining checksum algorithm from known values
Capstone Disassembly Engine Issue: OP_Access throws TypeError
Tracing Callstack Despite Paged out Instructions
How to debug binary which doesn't have executable flags?
How to stop debugger right after the execution?
How to run automatically executable from CLI using lldb?
OllyDbg - how to jump to a specific section within a (PE) Portable Executable?
0x09-0x0d not taken into account with scanf
How to generate CFG from assembly instructions?
What is the correct disassembly for ARM opcode E1F322D1?
Finding out checksum algorithm
Radare2 windows unwanted lines during debugging
Assistance in Decrypting Lua script that is obfuscated with Base64 > SSL
Means of generating file hashes
IDA Plugin to diff functions within the same binary
Renaming subroutines in IDA Pro for MIPS
pydbg: Disassemble at $exentry and relative offset from $exentry
Any documentation available for r2 other than official book
Converting Duden dictionaries for Stardict/Goldendict
Capturing OS/hardware communication / reverse engineering drivers
How to trace every instruction that was executed?
What is the average time for malware analysis?
RE'ing a Binary
Anyone had success with IDA & Windroye/Andydroid/BlueStacks?
How do I find specific sets of data when Hex Editing? (Important)
Did Microsoft remove the _PEB and _TEB symbols from the ntdll's debug symbols permanently?
Is it possible to trace data without adding a break point?
How to modify arm .so?
How to display debug register on the register panel of ollydbg
Change block/node color with idapython
Resources for API Hooking and DLL Injection
Hex-Rays decompiler stuck on function
Reverse engineering an application's client connection to a host
Reverse Engineer firmware for Jffs2 filesystem in Qemu
Saving labels and comments in Immunity Debugger
Service for unpacking custom protected exes?
Extracting Firmware problem with Binwalk
Microsoft Sidewinder Strategic Commander (USB Device) - Any open source drivers or tools?
Is it possible to feed data to a function during or outside of runtime using IDA Pro?
How to get a shell on a remote server?
Finding "free" inside libc.so
How to make a valid patch to bypass self checking security measure?
Encrypting and packing at functional boundaries for obfuscation
How do I bypass this comparison?
When anaylsing a PE (.exe) in IDA Pro how can I jump to the 'user code' section and skip all the header/libary code?
Dissassembly when you have partial source?
Freebøx Internet box, how to access HDD , root?
How to find out what encryption/encoding has been used
dlmalloc free pointers
.data symbols equivalent to .text labels?
Where is the function cssyyparse code in webkit project?
Tools for static function discovery
What is _S_empty_rep_storage used for in this code?
What does lea rdx,qword ptr ss:[rbp+50] mean?
Windbg breakpoint counter
Find where a routine pointer is loaded and called
Failure at finding the value of the dereferenced pointer
How to reverse a dll and call its functions?
Is it dangerous to disassemble malware in IDA?
How to access and modify data segment when doing hardware breakpoint crashes the application?
Can I set a basic block's parent in IDA?
Attaching debugger to process IDA Pro privilege problem
What does mov qword ptr ds:[rax+18], r8 mean?
Reverse engineering of some checksum algorithm
How to identify code ran when clicking on an object in a game
mov ecx, arg - How to replicate in C++?
How the signature level set to the process in Windows 8?
What is __alloca_probe_16 and what does it do?
How do I call this function in inline ASM? (MSVC++)
ARM - Is calling function from external static library possible?
Reversing a function, methodology
Anti reverse engineering tools that are easy to set up
Can Reverse Engineering produce code in a different language than the one the program was originally created?
Reverse Engineer Joomla fabrik calculator
How to monitor calls to an external library function?
Does Windows 7 Pro use ASLR for win32 executable?
Trying to obtain embedded flash memory on MCP5554 microcontroller
Does anybody know which tools allow to get (pseudo) code from a Moscow ML executable?
How to change text on the button?
Without push instructions
Android ARM64 kernel disassembly IDA pro64
IDA Pro failed to display the program in graph mode
What knowledge do I need to read "The IDA Pro Book"?
How much time would it take to reverse engineer 100,000 lines of disassembly?
Search via push address in OllyDbg
Reading contents of TIB/PEB
IDA pro CTRL and + keypad whenever debugging
How should I approach decrypting packet protocols?
What is all this code for?
How does scanf interact with my code in assembly
Problem loading dump into IDA Pro
Variable's position on stack
Code generation patterns of compilers
Why dependency walker indentifies an app as Borland Delphi 4 while IDR says Delphi 2011
Find out windows API calls using IDA?
Optimization of strcpy at the assembler level
Decompile binary executable into c / asm code by emulation, is it possible?
Stop synchronizing hex view with disassembly view in IDA
"Incompatible saved desktop has been ignored" in IDA
How do I work out the Ultranet protocol?
Is it possible to make an application skip a call?
How to analyze packets?
Windows 7x86 System Freezes when running assembly program with int 3h
Modify memory without patching the database
Illegal entry point of an ELF file
GUI apps uses registry,how?
How to translate IDA pseudocode to C/C++ code?
Why hook a function rather than set a breakpoint
Debugging third party android APKs
OllyDbg can't run program (breakpoint error, access violation)
PE File can't be run - access violation, EP seems to be incorrect?
Hex-Rays: JUMPOUT statements inserted due to incorrect autodetected function boundaries
What does “mov [edi+68h], eax” mean?
Reversing a Windows service
Automatically decode PUSH+RET call into JMP
Launch pintool expecting user input from Powershell
Can i see non-static members of a class with IDA?
Translate ASSEMBLY to C
A debugger has been found running in your system
Insert a function call in an ELF executable
Converting data to space?
How to reverse engineer a database file format?
How to log every memory read/write action and the registers of the action?
Finding the library an imported function is from in IDA
Identity of a programmer from a reversed VB.NET application (Visual Studio)
Injecting shellcode in ELF binary
Tools to get started with reading memory during runtime
What is the difference between these two function prologue instruction sequences?
How to deobfuscated javascript?
How the dynamic linker determines which routine to call on Linux?
How to deal with code that change its address among different execution
Increase IDA's 256 xref limit
IDA Pro: function to return first valid address
Anti-dumping techniques
Mapping a high level statement back in assembly dump
Opening mono droid .so files in .NET decompiler
Why do we have to put shellcode before return address
How does ECC work with nandwrite/nanddump in mtd-utils?
Debugging digitally signed executable
How to get the address of KiFastCallEntry from windows wdm driver
dps win32k!W32pServiceTable windbg command returning "????"
IDA Array of structs hiding strings
Reverse Engineering Saved File
Debugging a position independent executable ELF
lm command on Windbg is not showing all modules
Problem with IDA pro 6.8 disassemble galaxy s6 sboot
ZyXEL old devices firmware compression method
In which language is the BIOS written?
How To Set Breakpoints On An Assembly Program Not Compiled With Debugging Symbols?
How locate (NtUserUnregisterUserApiHook) function in win32k.sys with IDA
Tools to find base64 strings in binary dumps
How to extract .dfm file from a delphi executable?
Malware analysis - AntiDebugging - Malware slows down the PC while being debugged
Any guides for absolute newbie to start?
Writing an exploit for sample-application
How to modify Data Section of an exe(DD x000455)?
Getting user comments with IDAPython API (user_cmts_*)?
Firmware data in an audio file FM - How to demodulate?
Problem to understand execution of payload (shellcode)
How to decrypt data in binary file by XOR operator using a given key at specific offset?
Assembly - Binary Bomb Confusion
Return by Value/Call by Value internals
Strcpy BufferOverflow get shellcode location for EIP
IDAPython Strings constantly returns NoneType with str()
Reversing checksum calculation of embedded communication
Breakpoint to debug Android Native Shared Library
Reverse Engineering iOS Apps on a Mac OS X
In-memory patching of .net code
Adding automatically standard structs or enums
What does a C++ class look like in assembly
IDA Pro user-defined offsets (again)
Binary Instrumentation of malware binaries?
How to get x and y position from joystick?
Decompiling a windows 3.1, VisualBasic 3 exe. Do I need to decompile dll too? How?
Using MyNav Python Scripts With IDA Pro 6.1 On Windows 7
Retrieving Objective-C Control Flow?
Dump a MX25L12845E with a bus pirate and flashrom
Are vTable pointers always located inside a module?
Wrapping usercall from Hex-Rays
Emulate juan DVR R7816 in Qemu
Cannot understand var passing to function in code compiled with dev c++
Documentation of malware reverse engineering
How to dynamically load address of USER32.DLL in shellcode?
Set Breakpoint at Entry point fails (GDB)
Reverse Engineering MIPS Bootloader
I need advice on how to JTag a Microsoft Band
Chat-avenue.com transcripts
What is the meaning of the ".debugxxx" segments in IDA Debugger?
How does SoftICE stop the windows system?
Decrypt SSL/TLS traffic from a Java web applet
ARM shellcode using r0 without null characters
How can I decompile and inspect a Safari Extension?
Follow steps in dissassembly after application start
How to identify the structure of this specific data file?
Reverse unknown undocumented architecture - a tough challenge
Tools and techniques for analyzing NaCL binaries?
How does a C++ constructor look like on binary level?
Main Thread causes an exception - how to bypass that?
How to view strings in an executable?
Locating Memory Allocation Functions from Static Analysis
building custom buttons or panels to add to IDA
How do I view a kernel routine in Windows
Ollydbg terminated while loading dll
Should these numbers be interpreted as flags or not, or something else?
Jar reversing: Can't open as zip file nor open it with common decompilers
Are Reverse Debuggers Impossible on OSX?
Is it possible to print out the assembly code in ollydbg
how do I debug full screen applications
Help on 7zip PW cracker / Reverse engineering question
Disassemble IOS Kernel Module from jailbroken device?
func_name.part.# in objdump disassembly
Are HBGary FastDump Pro dumps compatible with WinDbg?
Linking entire library statically at exact same location
Patching MIPS binary file on IDA fails at build
Adding a toolbar to IDA using PySide
Disassembling output of searches radare2
IDA scripting - get local variable by its name
javap is not displaying an expected method
How to force run a method triggered with a series of keys in a game?
How do cmd arguments are loaded to process memory before they're passed to main?
how to find gsharedinfo from current memory?
End of central directory signature not found after extracting an embedded zip file
Audio file compression identification
Reversing Hisense TV Firmware
How to decompress SHA1[compressed] executable
How can I further identify a file which the file command lists as 'data'
How to debug (like gdb) with radare2?
Deducing register contents through IDA scripting
How to find WndProc using x64dbg?
Where can I find the 64-bit version of shell32.dll on Windows?
find CRC algorithm, having some input and output data pairs
Implementing call into compiled, undocumented, C DLL; divining exported function prototype
Finding user process for Windows kernel API call
Can a basic-block have more than 2 outgoing edges?
using GDB and dealing with breakpoint detection
Dumpbin: Correlating thunk jumps in .reloc to disassembly
Reversing PECompact packed code (How SEH works)
Variable liveness analysis on binaries
Decoding serial data
IDA Pro monitor applications function calls
What does this code do, and what does it look like in C?
Replaying packets with pyusb does not have the expected output
How to debug with remote binaries radare2?
\xDA\x9Fb - what's that?
Reverse engineering self-checking binary
Understand what it looks like standard lib functions not properly identified by IDA Pro
Memory segment in IDA - ARM kernel
Catch MessageBox call with OllyDbg
what is IAT? and how to find the end of the IAT in packed exe?
Reversing apps with statically linked libraries
Decompiling, changing, compiling and using a program which can damage my computer
Condense pseudocode lines in IDA Pro
What is the difference between Intrusive Attaching and Non-Intrusive Attaching when debugging?
Can IDA generate C code for ASM assembly wihtout the binary
Modern equivalent to rsymtab for reconstructing symbol table for statically linked / stripped binaries?
Find out which libraries were (statically) linked
When to use OllyDgb over Immunity Debugger
Is this code equation solvable?
Analyse a piece of code using FloatingPoint instructions and calculations
What is array of applicable components?
Hiding call to ptrace
How does Windows SafeSEH mechanism work?
DirectX calls not appearing
How to break this reversing exercise
Different basic block count when running application several times
How to create function prototype that recognizes arguments passed by reference in IDA Pro
ImpRec invalid NtdllDefWindowProc_A seem valid
How to recognize PE sections containing code?
Puzzling 16bit checksum/CRC reverse engineering problem
Ollydbg v 1.10 plugin writing
Found function in ida pro, but address keeps changing
An anti debug method on Linux
Chip obscuring epoxy removal for chip identification?
Find a string in an object file
How to decompile this assembly code?
Configure and execute Intel's PIN Tool
Dump router firmware over U-BOOT
Automating a Decryption function call in IDA Python
Reverse engineer intercom connection (22pin internal connector)
Callee's return precalculations
Limitations of capstone's disassembly capabilities compared to IDA
Which architecture is this machine code?
Reverse engineering an hydrometer's Bluetooth communication
Colorize and disassemble byte sequences with IDA Pro and IDAPython
Locate compressed section of executable
Understanding decoding communications over interfaces
Detecting debugger with `rdtsc`
Kernel debugging between two virtual machines not working
How does the INC instruction affect the parity flag?
Adding Features to a Released PC Game
Calculating check sum of m-bus data frame
Which environment are comfortable for RE ( Free tool )
How to disassemble .NET after using Confuser
Show IDAPython prompt
What is the difference between Messagebox,Dialog and ModalMessage?
Stepping through a program to figure out what subroutines are being called?
Good training for IDAPython
How to get the CPU architecture via Idapython?
DOS interrupt problem with int 21h 0ah
IDA Pro: Program parameters
What do the 20 lines of executable code in this exploit do?
adding data and code to existing .exe file on Windows
Global C++ classes/variables, strange initialisation
buffer overflow-seg fault
Unrecognized procedures in IDA Pro
How hard is it to interpret binary data of a new and unknown format, if it's unknown what data is encoded?
Using multilevel pointers obtained via cheat engine in own application
Getting writes on address 0x00000000 while in OllyDbg
Android (4.4+) SSL wireless sniffing without certificate changing
Reverse engineering TPMS sensor data
Is it possible to get address of function that implement virtual
Obtaining memory locations of local variables
immunity debugger MSVCR90.dll R6034
IDA cannot launch debugger for 64-bit exe files
Understanding subtle differences between addressing modes in X86
Load symbols from __objc_* sections in LLDB
How to read these UV coordinates?
Hiding shared library calls from ltrace
How can i get offset of class member manualy(without source of )
Reverse Engineering program written in Python, compiled with “freeze 2 [REWRITE]
OllyDbg plugins not working
How does disassembler really work?
How to get transformation formula comparing two files
How to Fix a memory dump of a dll - so i dynamically reverse it using olly \ ida
IDA Pro and recognized library functions
Redundant mov instructions; Why is this?
How do I set a Breakpoint at VirtualProtect in Ollydbg?
Decompiling/Unpacking a Compiled/Packed File (Or Somehow Inserting a Flag)
How to unpack manually an upx packed elf file
Reversing sha1 hash with 2 captured hashes
Unpacking and the ESP trick
Manual Segmentation of Objects in non-Intel Firmware
Reverse Engineering CD-ROM Firmware
Reverse engineering Earthsiege 2 3D model format
Stopping at the original entry point in a packed file
Analysing eCos image
Trying to figure out the CRC or checksum for a Fluke 233 wireless display multimeter
What optics are used in Microsoft HoloLens?
Decode 96 column punch card
Self modifying codes
Where can I get a dataset of URLs of websites that diffuse malware?
Can't find "referenced string" in OllyDBG
Dynamically v. Statically linked
how to setup IDA pro linux GDB server
Analyzing a Login Process
What's the packer/encrypter used with this file
Hidden code in dissasembly
Static Address in Dynamically Loaded DLL
Is there a way to set the cursor address in IDA Pro?
How can I check if an address contains a pointer?
Reverse engineer StackExchange winter bash
Reverse engineer TPMS sensor data
open source static or dynamic malware unpacker
Why is there no MFCxx.dll in the import table?
Reversing self-modifying code
How to reverse engineer dash cam metadata
How to get a full execution trace with Python gdb?
Find immediate values with wildcard in IDA Pro
Examining memory in radare2
Demangle c++ functions in radare2
Difference between Win7 and Win8 PE loader?
ida decompiler output
Find reference to string in radare2
How can I step through instructions in IDA and know the current EIP?
Help with IOLI crackme0x02
How Can I Debug A Bios Better
Exploitability of Stack-based Buffer Overflows on functions ending with fclose()
Given the files and their parsed content how can I reverse engineer the file format?
How can I figure out what serial port communication protocol is a software using?
How to retrieve native asm code from .NET mixed mode dll file?
IDA/Hexrays SDK: how to preserve lvar names?
How to test if register value is unavailable in gdb?
IDA decompiler macro
ZTE encrypted backup config file
Inject into game developer's console
Catch function flags change event in IDA plugin
what is the meaning of UsrLAsg in assembly?
How to display only the IR for your program code
IDA Pro - Error When Modifying JMP Instruction
Reverse engineering a PXP3 Slimstation
Looking to RE a Ducky Shine 5
Debugging forked child in an anti-debug protected crackme
How can I decompile an ARM Cortex-M0 .hex file to C++?
Reverse-engineering the generation of a hash?
Method disassembly of Objective C Mach-O with Radare 2
iOS Detect Function Hooking
Reverse engineering parameter value on subroutine call
Extract text data from a compressed/encrypted .DAT file
Is there a way to import debug/symbol information of a C++ DOS executable to IDA?
How would I go about finding an encryption key or cipher by decompiling a program?
How to backport Vista program to XP without source code?
Buffer overrun overwrittens dynamic function table
Patching Application on OSX (Memory Protection)
Decrypting IPA Binary on OS X
Detect Debugger exploring Stack
Is it possible to extract or otherwise edit the source code of an .exe file?
How to edit an .exe file without overwriting previous information
Radare2 and Boomerang
Does hex-rays support VLA in any way?
Can I get different thread registers with PyDBG?
Reverse engineering car stereo panel
Finding, hex-editing date timestamp to correct it
Identifying jump table of a switch statement
Which plugin for identifying crypto algorithms in IDA Pro 6.9?
Extracting a .DAT file
How to stop IDA debugger when a register is set to a particular value?
Why is ASLR not activated though IMAGE_DLLCHARACTERISTICS_DYNAMIC_BASE is set?
How can packers work despite mechanisms like Data Execution Prevention?
Changing code to data in radare2
IDA Pro Dump of instructions and offsets
Stack and local variables
figure out the CRC bytes
Get DLL name with PyDBG and System_dll.py?
Can't find the base address of a function with IDA PRO (compiled with vs2015)
Which libraries exist for PDB (symbol file) generation?
Can I extract .txt files from .exe if I know their addresses?
Unable to break at DriverEntry of malicious Driver
Challenging variable-length integer encoding
Java - Decipher encrypted classes in a jar file
Trying to locate activator for function
Android - Analyzing complex hash algorithm
Isolating encrypt/decrypt instructions in an execution trace
How do you calculate Address Start / Size of PE Section like .rdata / .data
How to analyze deeply every single step of a windows executable/installer
How Do I get proficient at Reverse engineering?
How to print from pointers in radare2 in debug session
Examining memory in radare2 using registers
Radare2 forwarding input to scanf from a file
How to effectively bypass GCC stack smashing detection
IDA Strings to Functions (ARM, Protected Functions)
How rootkits hide services on kernel mode?
Reverse Engineering Chinese laser engraver
How I document a extremely large OOP project?
Different disassembly for the same function?
Unpack IpCam firmware - Binwalk extraction issue
Reverse engineer 4-bit checksum (?) in Sanyo air conditioning IR packet
Exe Unpack or Process Spy - Getting process internals
Given a program binary, how can I know which compiler it is compiled from?
Debug an application for analyzing file decryption
I really struggled to figure it out, now can anyone help me reverse engineer this checksum?
radare2 does not show reference to memory address
How to organize vtables in IDA Pro?
is ther a way an app can display a message without the use of messagebox API?
What kind of fuzzer can i use?
IDA pro apply .dif back to database
Breaking on specific API
Discrepancies in function declarations from decompilers?
iOS exploit hunting environment
how to add instructions to executable
Trouble understanding this rop chain
Interpreting variable names in radare2
Compressed stream unopenable with external tools
I need a tool to assist decompiling C++
Hex-Rays decompiles array to int
Recognizing CLib functions in Ollydbg or IDA
What is the command to "go to current statement" in IDA debugger?
How to change address in the hex view in IDA debugger?
How would you protect this Crypter?
How to automatically rename some IDA functions from a given list?
Call function in remote (OpenOCD) target from gdb
How to create empty IDB file with IDApython?
In Ollydbg, how do I change the path to a source code file without recreating entire directory structure?
List arrays (de-reference pointers) in Ollydbg
copy/pasting sections of code or hex in Ollydbg
Creating my own custom structure in Ollydbg
EIP not in known module, under WOW64
How to check if a memory range or an address is DEP-enabled or not?
Ollydbg -how to call procedure in other DLL (in my case USER32.DLL)
Working with Android obfuscation
Advice about first steps on reversing windows kernel
Are arguments of the called function part of its stack frame in Intel x86?
binwalk zlib data
Putting instructions in placeholder code IDA?
Extract decrypted token from EXE
Is it possible to programmatically determine if a crash resulted from a buffer overflow?
Static analysis of Windows executable from a Linux platform
Dumping binary with radare2
Adding/Finding Places for Instructions - Game Library IDA
Log to file WSS Websocket packet traffic
Why is this _DllMainCRTStartup calling convention not as expected?
Can changes in memory (stack or hex dump) be highlighted as are register changes in Ollydbg?
What it takes to write a simple PE file packer from scratch?
Ida Pro compare constants in same function or not
Pydbg setting registers without breakpoint?
XOR Encryption (XPost from Crypto)
KeygenMe - My output has one wrong character
nop with argument in x86_64
Very simple example log file - Recording program execution
Obfuscated AES decryption assembly
Is MD5 hashing of files a valid method of creating an anti-virus program?
Reverse engineering of executable code
What is the average time for "defusing" malware self-protection mechanisms?
Question about Keeloq - A car remote control standard
Possible to Bypass V-Safe100 USB encryption?
Reversing Qt application
RANSOMWARE SCRIPT decryption
Recovering variable name in debugger
Statically detect destroyed Import Segment (IAT)
Detour null function
Idapython: How to get the opcode bytes corresponding to an instruction?
How do you effectively use gdb and IDA together?
Multiple "overlays" using same addresses in IDA
What is a USES Diagram?
Best alternatives to IDA Pro, Immunity and OllyDbg for a blind user
Get bindiff of operating system or modified files post upgrade
Radare2 Flare-on 2015, Why results different?
How to extract code form .exe file having signature Borland Delphi 6.0 - 7.0 [Overlay]
IDAPython loading parameters bruteforce
how to extract a file embedded in an .exe?
Identify targets of a switch table in ARM
IDA Pro can't view part of the file, which I can see exists WinHEX
rasm2 output differs from radare2
What is contained in this transmission? (RF pool-temperature sensor base unit receiver)
Determine ARM architecture from IDA plugin
IDA Pro get line number in main view
IDA: Generic approach to determine if an instruction reads from, or writes to, memory?
Is there an actively maintained collaboration plugin for IDA?
Find main() function of executable with windbg
Figuring out the CRC part of a packet
Find encryption algorithm used by a program?
Why program opened with OllyDbg 2 isn't paused at start?
Android shared Library (.so)
How to get Arg in Ollydbg
Ollydbg:how to let Olly remember a breakpoint for next run
Trying to call function in process via DLL injection, need help in IDA if possible
How to display dump data in IDA Debugger?
What checksum algorithm is this network protocol using?
Java source code deobfuscator?
I'm trying to debug small mips code snippets in IDA with QEMU as debugger, but only NOP instructions show when I start the process
Dissassembling a zip file
What is the "standard" approach to find loop in binary code?
IDA pro doesn't stop on breakpoints with GUI based applications
EXE Encryption Techniques
how can file size and PE size cant be equal?
Running vmlinux ELF under QEMU
Dynamic analysis of malware samples
Memory activity tracking
Help Coverting ASM to C
What are the side effects of setting the timestamp in the PE-header to 0?
SysTracer by SysReveal.com clean?
Byte frequencies in different architectures' binaries?
WinDBG. How to catch first-chance exceptions?
Ida Pro Decompiler Plugin producing way too few lines of code?
Retrieving the contents of PE file sections
Computing function offset differences
Unpacking NSPack v 2.9 based malware to get OEP
Any good deobfuscators for java?
Immunity Debugger on Windows 10?
Basic help for reverse engineering for a newbie
Reverse engineering a hash generated from IP and unixtime - How to approach?
Extracting Opcodes of a binary
Virtual Method that returns <this>?
How find address of specific pool allocated?
Do all drivers exist in Kernel mode?
Backblaze 16-bit checksum ("bzsanity")
IDA Pro 64 bit disassembly error for system DLLs
Ollydbg gives output in which assembly language instructions in Intel or AT&T syntax?
Unknown firmware header for ARM device
Unable to view stack and memory addresses in IDA Pro
Best 3G USB Modem for Reverse Engineering?
Radare2 find xrefs to a function in the import table
What compression algorithm could have generated these strings?
Bypassing certificate pinning in android
Are there assembly instructions which both read from, and write to, memory?
Editing a string in a native dll
Reading stp (Designaknit Stitch Pattern)-Files
I'm decompiling an apk file to learn how the creator designed the UI for their app. Are these layout files obfuscated?
Census world and US population clocks
how to bypass CRC checksum in firmware header
Trying to replicate a serial protocol
Reading stp (Designaknit Stitch Pattern)-Files II
Create unprotected executable for program that decrypts itself at run-time dynamically?
UPX packing/unpacking information preservation
How do malware steal Code signing certificates?
Can I distribute instructions on how to extract a private key?
Help needed: Reverse engineer a DOS executable for a Game MOD
What does mov from hex[eax] mean?
The questions about ADR.W instruction
How to log all memory accesses (read and write) including the memory content in a binary execution trace?
Benign Portable Executables
Firmware extraction problems - binwalk is blank
Patching a string using DLL injection and OllyDbg
run netcat on qnx (armle)
Do I have to consider virtual function declaration order?
What is the protocol for x87 floating point emulation in MS-DOS?
SSL unpinning Twitter android app
SSL Unpinning Twitter app
Cannot find the error message
Defeat rsa hash verification
Where can i download Firmware Reverse Analysis Konsole?
Detect deadloop in PinTool
Memory Read Access Breakpoint Question
Need help extracting YAFFS from firmware .bin file
Calling a function outside the module
Is it possible to use PDB files to perform on the fly binary patching?
Anti-Anti-Dump Approaches
Question about LEA instruction
What checksum is Super Smash Bros. Wii U using?
Call a thiscall method from an injected DLL
Why can't I get the EIP to reflect my input
Simulate Windows menu item activation
Getting list of opcodes from PANDA trace
Fixing corrupt ELF header field "e_shnum" for use in GDB
Identify Jump Statements due to Switch/Case in IDA Pro
Attaching Ida to a process
Legality of reverse engineering firmware
Get DLL from EXE file
How get a full memory dump of a running services.exe instance?
What segment do ELF SHN_COMMON objects get allocated in?
How to propagate an enum type in IDA Pro?
Confused about calling convention in a Windows kernel mode driver
IDA: Extracting functions arguments from stripped binary
Why do Mobile Credit Card Devices use the TRRS connection instead of the Micro USB?
Reverse engineering a base64 encoded number
Displaying IDA names in x64dbg or OllyDbg
Dynamic instrumentation tools which support reverse execution
create pem from ecc signature bytes
How to intercept a call to function with known name from known DLL
Process Dumping and Ida
Visual Basic internal structure
idapython: getting a list of all segments
Intel Pin memory operations tracking
capstone disasm framework - check if argument read/written
Giving labels to local variables with GDB
How return type works
Dll Injection into QT application
Is this a known encoding or cipher? (multiplayer game network traffic)
Legal issue - Game Bot calling functions of copyrighted game
xcList of x86/x64 instructions that implicitly access registers
Reverse Engineering a whole project desktop application
Can a keygen be created for this protection algorithm?
Reversing an MFC application: How to find class memory layouts?
How get a full memory dump of a running specific process from kernel mode by driver?
Intel PIN: InsertPredicatedCall and INS_InsertCall
Unpacking / Decrypting .dat file
Reverse engineering Android vendor system apps
Any easy way to decompile virtual function instances?
32-bit binary stack layout on a x64 Linux OS
Need help with compressed string of unknown format
How to get Waledac and Storm P2P botnets
Intel PIN: How to access the INS object from inside an analysis function?
Is there any free software to open and edit .so files?
vTable size calculation (for MSVC)
What's the purpose of arithmetic shifts by zero bits?
Removing uncalled smali
Collecting malware samples
Does empty enumeration in C structure creates unnamed field?
Where to start with iOS debugging?
How to find all functions in DLL
Collapsing a range into a hidden area, but excluding a possible label at the start of range
Determind length of instructions in bytes
Interact with a 868,95 MHz device
Find messagebox string with ollydbg
IDA:Search for all the occurrence of certain opcode/register in current graph view
Analyzing stack trace for vulnerability analysis using WIndbg
Java byte code equivalent of IDA function signatures
radare2 not resolve XREF
Need help with searching for reference for a string in IDA Pro
Access violation error only when stepping after breakpoint in Immunity
Lifting up binaries of any arch into an intermediate language for static analysis
Is there a way to 'mov eax, ax'?
How can I patch this file?
Modyfying PE file data section
Disassembler for batch/automated processing
Reversing network traffic and rebuild packets
IDApython and IDA-decompiler commenting
Pointer arithmetic in C generated by ida / hexrays decompiler
IDA slow on ~70mb executable
Offset Calculation for a Branch Instruction Thumb
XMPP clubs in league of legends
Need help to figure out a chksum
Figure out whether a function has return value of not?
Lego NXT Exploitation and Vulnerabilities?
How to obfuscate x86 assembly code?
Question of analysing function of DLL and write program to call it
Dump a child process created by malware with an ALTERNATIVE process hollowing process
Reverse Engineering Crypto Methods
how calculate size of memory that allocated from create specific windows object?
Unexpected memory value MOVed from text segment to register in Windows x86 32-bit program
Inserting Win32 controls into MFC application
Router's serial port only outputs garbage
How to get the runtime memory region information when instrumenting using Pin?
How to convert assembly to C code
Table of Function Pointers in .text section
Trace system calls, including stack (and java stack if possible), on android?
Unicorn and QEMU: Example use cases to understand the differences
x86 Bytecode Reference
How is .rdata used within the executable
Error: Invalid PE header machine value with pedump
Is there any windows API to execute thread on atomic mode?
Formatting output of objdump -sj .text filename.exe
Analyzing an APK without tools
x64dbg and ollydbg error not enough memory
QEMU & router firmware
Reverse engineering a disassembled C binary
Is it possible to debug a .Net executable with IDA?
wsasend(disassemblied) function get parameters
Random Key Function
Discovering byte array obfuscation function
How to edit (insert new fields into) IDA structures?
Multiple vendors Misfortune Cookie Router Authentication Bypass Exploit
Reverse engineer checksum algorithm
How to convert this hex into an instruction?
What to do when IDA does not recognize return value?
Identify RVA data in IDA Pro
How can I call a function that acts like __thiscall, except the caller cleans the stack?
Whats going on in this Class Constructor?
Avoid program detecting a thread being used
ollydbg ASLR and DEP bypass without mona
how to calculate this distance?
Trying to reverse assembly code of a game so i can write to memory
How the same executable runs on different OS and hardware types?
Issue decompiling c# method
IDA debugging SSE intrinsics
Find Address of Windows Kernel Functions
Decompiled Java classes span multiple files
How does GPROF hook to the program?
Immunity crashes on start
help getting at encrypted firmware [includes .SMIME and .gz.aes files]
Extracting textures from a file (Gamecube game)
Automated static code analysis
Reverse-engineer digest http authentication
16 bit Dos string concat function
What is the encoding of some old arcade chips?
where i can get android malware samples to analyze?
Obtaining the Pseudocode of a function via a script
Decompiler skipping code it determined cannot be reached
how can one cause heap memory buffer overflow in a worker process by using a specially crafted request?
Sending image to Epson wireless Projector (SOLVED!)
Win32 x86 Prolog disassembly
reverse engineering methodology
Obtaining the argument text from a carg_t IDA Python object
IDA Python - Find highlighted register
Invalid ELF image for this architecture
Does anybody knows a good dataset for malware families?
Help decrypt lua base64
Is there a predictable interval between instructions of main methods in carbon?
x64 Memory Pointer and Addressing modes
Reverse Engineering Android Kernel
Reverse Referencing in IDA
IDA Pro. How to select ARM or THUMB mode when using "Make Code" command
Reversing a serial communication with two inputs
radare2 search first occurrence before
How to pass Obfuscated Elf binary to gcc optimization end
Cannot detect obfuscator of the obfuscated DLL
How do debuggers help one with finding information about how a program does something?
How the asm code can be converted to C Language?
Help locating Serial Port on embedded device
To write a Python file to return a JSON represented list
What does this enum mean (IDA Pro)?
Reliable way to recognize STL template classes?
What is an easy way to update the addresses of hooked functions in an exe
Reverse Engineering 2 byte checksum on RFID card
Help for unpacking software
Hex-Rays and IDA Python plugin loading order
Where do I find a cheap hardware USB sniffer
Target application crashes when using ReadProcessMemory
Mapping Android resource IDs to resource string
Where can be assembly-csharp.dll decrypted?
Compare call graphs of two dll's Using IDAPython comand line
Recognize certain components in the compiler produced assembly program
Segmentation fault while pushing onto the stack
Help deciphering binary that creates 3 passwords
How i can extract TP-LINK firmware from squashfs?
Stack smashing in X86_64 leads to Segmentation fault .
Tracing what references a buffer in memory using Olly?
What is the reason for INT 0x2D byte scission?
Field that is never assigned?
How can BIOS routines be disassemblied?
Any Disassembler for iOS?
Win32 Structured Exception Handling in MS C++ - Mapping compiler code to assembly code
Crash after exe modification
Can Windbg trace function calls within a module?
Extracting threads' stack from Windows memory dump
Mutable parts of PE files in memory
is it possible to decrypt Enigma and RC4 encryptions?
How to get cross-references to a struct type in IDA by IDAPython and add comments to variables of the struct type
reverse engineering a printer cartridge chip
IDA LoadLibraryError
Master of Orion and scanmem
To what points [esp+2Ch]?
Thought I found serial port - broke embedded device instead! Help?
Modification of existing binary firmware update
Wierd names in import table
Unpacking ASpack Malware
Testing for bad characters in building an exploit doesn't seem to work as expected
Reverse engineering Android device framework
help to identify this possibly compressed data header or format
ollydbg plugin patch notification
Randomly picking up a x86 register for an instruction
How to get to daemon source?
Flash dump with encoded firmware
Knockoff CGA/EGA to vga firmware update
How can I control a USB device if I have a driver for it, but no application?
IDA Pro Plugin to add x64dbg
How would I go about getting an application's XMPP request before it is SSL-encrypted?
Hooking in Immunity - LogBpHook not working
Does the order of vtable entries vary depending on the compiler?
How do I log a string in x64dbg?
Why does the C compiler generate integer multiplication with large, seemingly random, numbers?
CreateProcess - First thread routine - where is the memory allocated for the thread?
Extract YAFFS filesystem from binary
Is there a tool to scan for code / functions that can account for different compilers?
Resolving DLL function names using ordinals
How would I go about imaging a propriatary flash or eeprom memory chip?
Recover source code for C# .exe
Using IDA cross platform: VM, Wine, other options?
Simple main program
Reversing code, large fs:18h meaning
Append Code To Text Segment With Global Variables?
Is there anyway to save search results in IDA Pro?
Mach-O functions pointer
How to find address of more complicated, unknown data structures
Edit codes in .Net Reflector with Reflexil (Compile Window)
Decrypting Firmware File
Unknown algorithm in forloop
Function dependencies in static libraries
How to break on a clipboard operation in cmd.exe with IDA / WinDbg?
Using x86dbg valid opcodes produce '??? invalid instruction' output
Why can I not read .so file public functions compiled in C?
[ARM]How does this checksum code works and how to revert it in C?
LE executable Fixup Record Table format
What's the most straightforward way to change a simple thing in Android APK java application?
Driver's Licence Last Name Numbering Format (Ontario, Quebec, New Jersey)?
Has anyone tried ptrace_attaching android unity apps for anti debugging?
Segments start address is different in IDApython when invoked thrg cmd prompt
Arm Assembly: LDRH instruction to C
is it possible to use ROP without buffer overflow
What is the meaning of "^" in the CPU window of the Immunity debugger?
how to get hanging instructions of a dll using IDApython
Reversal of unknown obfuscation or encryption with known plaintext
IDA - Best way to find out type of function parameters?
Modifying PPID to avoid anti-debugging measure
Infrared Remote Control Programming / Development
Ignore Path and Extension in OllyDBG 2?
Hex Rays - strange functions __ROL4__ and __ROR4__
IDA Load Symbols From Static Library
How to search sequence of API call using IDA Pro?
How to quickly distinguish PE/DLL/DOS-MZ files based on magic numbers?
Function is returning to somewhere in stack
Why does program fail to run under several debuggers?
IDA Pro .til files backward compatibility
Is there a possibility to reverse engineer the Masm and Nasm like assembler
Injected instructions hit `bad instruction` exception
Reverse Engineer STM32L151's Firmware
Find cryptography used by iOS applications by analyzing ARM assembly in IDA?
Check for multiple strings in IDAPython
IDA IDC Get memory reference in instruction
how to locate linux kernel module module_init(function), function offset from ELF header?
Understanding STM32L151's disassembled firmware
Extracting information from a windows executable
How can I export a struct in IDA Pro to a c-style struct?
How make old IDA understand wrap-around mapped 68k RAM?
How to get IDA Pro to understand a virtual function table?
Nonsensical disassembled ARM instructions
reverse-engineering to preserve old software
Is it possible to find the changes of the debugged .exe file ollydbg?
Trying to get shell on embedded device. Analyzed firmware update, listened to Android app, no dice. Suggestions?
reversing apk - getting native code in classes.dex
Saving .so file in IDA
SPI device sniffing/mirror feature
Hooking functions in a VMProtect'ed executable
Problem finding correct offset in simple program with IDA Pro
LLDB disassembler not working, using command terminal,on mac el captain?
Reversing assembler DCD directive list into a c++ variable
My Radare2 Installation Not Working As Expected
Hooking offset from IDA throws Access Violation
Automating pattern-based de-obfuscation of x64 code using IDA plugins
Debug android shared library interactivly
Finding function name of caller function
How to DUMP the full hexa of each function extracted by analysis of binary file?
Immnunity Debugger Python API Incorrect code execution order
Dlink DIR 600M firmware decompile issues
Unpacking and dumping executable from DLL
Are there any interactive decompilers besides HexRays?
How to get the list of strings within IDA's string window in my script?
Set register to specific value for use in autoanalysis in IDA Pro 6.9
How to set a breakpoint on a 64 bit process button with x64dbg?
Entry point of malicious child process
Understanding memory locations
Are there Disassembler for Mac which supports scripting
IDA 6.8 SDK change calling convention
Can I extract API call graph from IDA Pro to xml file?
What are the steps, to extract an unknown archive file in this case?
Restoring original stack variable accessing in IDA Pro?
Trying To Read Code From Call of Duty
What are the results of this sbb instruction?
IDA - Is it possible to "add" local variables in pseudocode view
How to connect two Windows VMWare virtual machines over a virtual serial port for kernel debugging on a Linux host
Finding password in disassembled code
What is the relationship between the Windows API and the C run time library?
Obfuscation by changing the order of a malware behaviour
Patch is detected yet hardware access breakpoint isn't hit
MSDetour not detouring SHGetKnownFolderPath
Radare2 to show code hints like IDA Pro?
Immunity Debugger reset windows to default tiling
OllyDbg: how to record all funtion calls for attached process
Why 0xc(%ebp) becomes dword [ebp+arg_3]?
Adding user(/plugin/thirdparty) data to IDB files
How to import Windows DDK headers into IDA?
Reassemble function that has its control flow chopped so that it can be decompiled by IDA
How to list parameter of function from IDA Pro?
Convert IDA listings to assembly without using IDA non-free
Howto setup IDA Pro Dalvik Debugger Process Options to debug APK on a real device
Reversed APK crashes after install
How do I change a string correctly in IDA Pro?
Can benign applications have such APIs?
QtNetwork in IDA's PyQt5
IDA pseudocode: [var*size+ var + offset] to [structure pointer] format
Distribution of malware obfuscation types
A simple reverseme application won't run, always loads the code of ntdll and terminates the app
Decompiling or Feature to Help Reverse FPU Instructions?
program terminates right after opening in ollydbg
Decoding an unknown image format with "DREK" signature (*.drk)
Can this method be hooked in iOS?
Ducky Mini Firmware Hacking
Unable To break TLS callback function using ollydbg
How to simulate responses from the file system
When I start up a remote thread in an application, why does it always crash when it tries to access data in the thread structure?
How to extract debug information from a DOS executable compiled with Watcom C/C++?
Trace replayer won't load binary debug information
How can I read the assembly instructions of a C program from C#?
rebuilding a java application
SSD firmware reverse engineering materials
Firmware-mod-kit says "No supported filesystem" along with strange and long output
Reverse engineering a whole website
Malware samples to analyze with existing disassembly?
Inline assembly does not compile
How can I put a Binwalk extracted firmware back into a .bin binary file?
Why does MSVC x64 Compiler load addresses like this?
Plugin directory in IDA?
Resolving symbols of statically linked libraries in a binary
IDA command bar default language
OllyDbg step over command not behaving exactly as the Immunity Debugger
Immunity Debugger Unable to set Breakpoint
IDA Pro list COM methods
Executing an IDAPython script with arguments within IDA Pro
what means this lines in assembly program (compile from c)?
reverse engineering of electronics of father.io game
How to patch object file in static library / how to extract object file that has full path within archive
Is it possible to change the value of a register when a certain instruction is executed?
Is a machine-readable VMS executable file format description available?
Order of architecture headers in fat (universal) executables
Wapiflapi reverse engeneering exercices
How would I find a color's memory address? (Beginner)
IDA Hex-Rays Generating Redundant Code
how do I bypass ZwQueryInformationProcess as anti-debugging protection
Invalid Win32 application/Not a valid Exe
How does some application get through the block when mobile data plan is exceeded
Base64 encoding with missing padding and many uppercase letters
Reversing a 3D file format from 2001
Unknown variable from asm code
Converting assembly function to c
Capture traffic of android app on unknown port
Understanding FCOMP instruction and extracted value from address operand
Restore function key
Open-source equivalent for FLIRT
Call instruction - preceding ?@_ in references?
How to set breakpoint on C++ symbols?
How to Find All Switch Jump Tables in IDAPython
How do I access the TEB in PIN?
Not enough space for shellcode
Using HEX editor and making 4 chars from 3 chars
Intel syntax - Meaning of jmp/call instruction with $+5 operand
Decoding proprietary 485 comms
OllyDBG translate ASM to C
Fixing weird no-sections embedded ELF binary for decompilation
How can I set breakpoint and get value of a register with IDApython
How to know if PE Header import function is being imported by Ordinal rather than by name
Overwatch Sombra ARG community asking for Cryto/Steg help
Save injected code
Radio Signal 433.92MHz ASK OOK modulation, encoding?
Zte Reverse engineering config.bin file problem
reverse engineering legal?
Why is otkloadr.WRAssembly.1 reference present in a office file?
Limited BusyBox shell
WinDbg - RVA of current instruction
Recognize the library functions of statically linked executable file in IDA Pro
Help me reverse this
Extract firmware of my camera (Lumix MG5)
Control flow graph reconstruction projects
Are .NET DLLs, even the best obfuscated ones, less secure than C++ DLLs?
Unkown Swap Encoding
Certain classes do not show up in JDB while they are present in source code
Reverse Engineering SCE .pkg Files
Where can I find benign samples with a high potential to false positive?
Reverse Engineering a 16-bit CRC algortihm
Are the EU laws preventing reverse engineering of software products?
Suppress IDA welcome dialog in batch mode
Is it possible ( or how) to dump source code/machine code from memory?
idapython - Determine if item is code or data
Is it possible to rebuild an nexe file if I can read at arbitrary untrusted memory addresses?
Get a list of global variables with IDA python
Understanding assembly Hello World
Extracting firmware BIN file
VirtualProtect return value
Do any known deobfuscateors work on Agile.net 6.4?
Reading SCSI Command Description Block in software
How can I determine if a piece of code is an encryption algorithm?
How to multiply an SSE float with a hardcoded value using MULSS?
Allwinner Camera Reversing: Compiling V4L
How can I force-update IDA's action_handler_t object's state?
What is the difference between program slicing and taint analysis?
Having keys and binary, how do I reverse/decrypt a stream encryption?
Anti-theft system rs485 keypad
OllyDbg can't set permanent breakpoint
Reverse engineering camera blobs in Android
Understanding IE11's Ineterprocess Communication via COM
Change number to sizeof operator
Sniffing traffic of Outlook android app
Changes on threads and threading system, in new Windows OS
How to use Hopper to debug wine apps
Are there IDA scripts/plugins to translate/comment instructions to/with pseudocode?
Record-replay tools for Windows?
Finding a place to inject shellcode
Stepping through ARM firmware image
Where can I, as an individual, find clean programs to analyze?
IDA PRO + Windows 10 + WinDbg
Anti-VM and anti-sandbox malware samples
reverse engineering file containing time series data
System programming and reverse engineering
Question about IDA 6.8, also why its creating unnecessary vars
Is it possible copy and save bootloader using CLI telnet commands?
binwalk cannot find gzip sections
Ollydbg| Inconsistent results as compared to the stack view pane
ios jailbreak: command cycrypt not found
Static Linking as an anti-RE method?
How do I evaluate Hex-Rays Decompiler without purchasing IDA Disassembler?
Technicolor TG799vac Modem/Router Dumping The Nand Flash
Getting past a whole lot of anti-debug measures for a windows exe
Get driver binary
How to download Linksys firmware from router
Is it possible to change/disable the keybindings for a game by modifying the exe using x64db or a similar program?
Getting Access Violation when patching a program
All data in IDA Pro turns into zeros when using QEMU
How to manipulate game which loads many dll's
Reversing unknown data in hex string
Immunity Debugger - !mona suggest
Reverse engineering serial communication CRC algorithm
Is it possible to hook CPU instructions without severe performance impact?
Simple carving of zip file using binwalk
open a non-standard compression .tar.lzma file extracted from firmware download
Remove code signature from a Mac binary
Reverse Engineering an APP With Frida
IDA python, list all imported functions
%orig found outside of hook or subclass
IDA python, get address range of specific dll
Intel PIN and nm unable to capture binary symbols
Intel PIN: How to log the value of the fs and gs registers at every instruction?
Automated Branch Input Generation
Using IDA to automatically annote dynamically imported functions in a driver
Is this request mask algorithm reversible?
IDA Pro Debugging Window Closes in a Second!
Mips disassembler
IDA failed to construct correct graph
Reverse engineering TP-Link TD-W8961N
Trouble deparsing Perl encrypted with Filter::Crypto::Encrypt
Call function of injected dll
Winapi ReadFile monitor
Why does objdump show dot dot dot?
Search for sequence of bytes with OllyDbg
how to fix this rsrc data in ida pro?
Stuck in x87 FLD instruction
crash using ida 6.8 debugging on android 5.0
Radare2 (noob question) can't set breakpoint?
How does serial number is checked in this crackme?
Radare2: how to change operand from integer value to (flag + offset) in disassembly output?
Tools for Windows 10 hiberfil.sys file analysis
What is *(_BYTE *), __usercall, eax and edi
Which encryption/decryption algorithm is used in Synology Cloud Sync format 3.0 session key and data encryption?
Is this anti-tamper solution fool-proof?
Reverse Engineering Windows kernel routines
How can I find loading adress of eCos image
How to get a job in the Reverse Engineering community?
Reverse Engineering Exported DLL Function
ARM assembly: Strange instruction pattern (endless loop?)
How to make Freescale imx233 mp3 player boot with identical type player firmware.sb?
Help mounting jffs2 dumped from NAND flash.
Heap address Calculation
Restoring an Infected appending virus EXE file by
What does byte_407030[ecx] mean?
What does arg_0 = dword ptr 4 mean?
idaypthon - how to refresh Choose2 listcontrol once it has been displayed?
Why does TOTP secret change every second?
create a string in ollydbg, x32dbg, immunity or similar
Moving xmm0 onto the stack results in a access violation exception
Programmatically reverse-engineering a dynamic dispatch method
How are the iOS kernel cache and root filesystem decrypted?
Does anyone know this encoding?
Getting pydbg working on windows 10
What values do I use for Freescale ARM imx233 μP in IDA Pro “memory layout dialog” for RAM and ROM?
IDA pro can not resolved section after unpacking procedure
Why ida use redundant registers?
How to find vulnerabilities in stripped binaries?
Add debugging symbols to objdump -d
Checksum reverse engineering help
Finding code in MFC32 binary
Dylib can run without code sign in iOS?
Can my C# program be dumped from memory and reversed into source code?
Advice on creating a reverse engineering introduction course?
Reverse engineer a checksum algorithm from application
Identifying DeviceIoControl argument
Stack pointer values in IDA Pro
Are PATCH shims (.sdb's) no longer functional in Windows 10?
IDA & patching question
Android: How many ways for getting GPS location
Windows XP kernel debugging
How to analyze a child process created by malware by process hollowing mechanism using immunity debugger?
What is this protection that seems to prevent ROP when ASLR in ON?
Frida manipulating arguments - Android
how Can I use a linux so file from a program other than the program it was developed for?
How to find image base of an arbitrary boot-loader image?
Possible to hook an address and directly write to it?
Identify and/or reverse compression algorithm
How would one find test cases for a self-implemented value set analysis (VSA)?
Locate address of function in DLL
Good foundation for reverse engineering malware
disassemble elf file created by msfvenom
How do I call a statically imported function from a Dll? call dword ptr ds <> not working
Reversing Flash Files that use .loadBytes()
What does the number after '@' symbol mean in IDA disassembly?
Do any of these details contradict the idea that theory that this file is encrypted with Blowfish?
disassemble elf sectionless files
Is it possible to get a list of user-defined names in IDA?
Identifying a very weak hash algorithm
"SR" instead of "MZ"
Attach Shared Object to android process with IDA
Compile Hex-Rays code
Is there a tool for proxying a dll that doesn't require IDA Pro?
Patch packed DLL by themida
Calculating branch in arm64
How do I reverse this javascript code? How is it packed?
Analyzing Game Map/Terrain Format
Call Android method without running whole Android-App
Find memory mapped file with x64dbg
Linked list in IDA
Trying to decompile hex firmware
Reverse Engineering Wifi Chip-set Firmware
gdb shows wrong instruction
How to get address where MakeFunction() failed in IDA Pro
igdlh64.inf modify custom resolution
Program gets terminated when debugging
extracting data from binary file
OllyDbg condition based on Windows Message for button click
How can I send a "Break" to the WinDbg backend when using IDA as a frontend?
Am I seeing this dll's innards correctly?
Error: the file can't be loaded by debugger plupin IDA PRO 64 bit
How to extract the OS files from this firmware bin file
move with sign extension in c code
How to copy memory strings on OllyDBG v2.01?
Interpret binary format of matrix files provided (*.mtx)
Trying to decompress a hello world program using OllyDbg v201
Tools for RE OpenCL Kernel
Extract an image out of a application and customize after edited
Is it possible to convert matlab p-code to something viewable?
How to dissassemble Motorola/Freescale/NXP PowerQUICC excutable
DNameNode class from MSVC binaries
How to view system files on Windows Phone
Managing inputs for payload injection?
Possible to get the full url behind javascript button?
How is linux loaded into a closed platform that has been hacked?
Daikin A/C 4bit CRC/Checksum
How to copy API calls names to clipboard on OllyDBG v2.01?
How to reverse engineer hex data on EEprom?
Automatically extract known file types (eg. zip) using binwalk
What does the author mean in these reverse engineering notes?
How to find Bootloader Load Address?
How to capture Data from OllyDbg window?
Getting Memory Map in OllyDbg using OllyScript
What do the unusually named packages and files usually mean?
IDA: View stack frame variables
How to differentiate between while(1) and do while?
Reverse Engineering Legacy iPod Click Wheel Games
IDA Pro does not recognize function
OllyDbg: How to set conditional breakpoint on a register value?
winmain reversing the assembly to c code
Dynamic Analysis Detection
Comparing two UEFI applications?
Understanding bootlog load address
Analysis of SSL traffic from a Windows 10 application
MacOS: Output to console in non-console app
Adding section to PE binary using Stud_Pe
*(lpCmd + somenumber)
Not in a function. Type 'df' to define it here
Can a RTMPS stream be authenticated by a cookie?
What syntax does OllyDbg follow in its dissassembly window?
What are all those instructions before the initally selected instruction in OllyDbg?
dynamic memory allocation
How can a video file cause an iOS device to crash or hang?
The Nokia CA-50 cable has a longer USB port. Does it hide any kind of chip?
(bad) opcodes of objdump
Am I interpreting the instructions correctly or not. (ollydbg + executable)
How to read RAM of embedded system?
Is there an up to date fork of otx?
How to unpack kkrunchy executables?
Stack variable information removed in IDA pro (free version)?
Serial output garbage
How to get a entry point of loaded process with IDA Pro and WinDbg as a debugger?
Is there a way to improve disassembler speed?
Why does vtable function pointers have +1?
What encryption/compression is this, and how to encode/decode from it?
Is it possible to indentify real file format from a 1995 file?
When do rep and stos appear in compiled C?
Relocate ELF symbols
Reverse Engineer an iOS MP4 Bug
Translating x86-64 assembly to C
What are 'var_8', 'var_C' actually mean?
Reverse engineering Lingo scripts .DCR/.CCT files
Hacking Lua - Introduce new functions into built Lua
De-ciphering help needed
Locating entry point in specific firmware .bin file using IDA Pro
How is the first jmp skipped in plt entry
Decrypting assets (json/png/lua)
Immunity Debugger - Memory Breakpoint
Symbols could not be loaded for win32k drivers
IDA Pro addresses of arguments
Recognize this encoding (in a serialization context)?
why 'ni' goes into function in Android gdb debugging?
How to dump Android shared library from memory?
What is the quickest way to run code of my own DLL?
Binwalk and myisamchk Yi Dome Cam firmware
How to find obfuscated hidden command line parameters?
Symbols visible in EXE file without PDB
how to bypass exception to debug EXE
x86 sbb with same register as first and second operand
Bindiff matching algorithm
When to use qemu user mode versus system mode?
Large number of floating stubs in one binary in IDA Pro
Finding out hash type having initial string and hash
IDA Dalvik Debugger doesn't work with official Android emulator
OllyDbg: break on memory allocation?
Flashing firmware on an embedded device
what is COERCE_FLOAT in ida Hex-Rays' C++ pseudocode?
How to load a script in ollydbg
patch function in ARM binary to always return 0
C++ to assembly, GCC vs CL
Control a black box "Traffic Light" type device using USB
C/C++ to Assembly language
Reverse engineer LMTools server status enquiry
Passing argument through registers instead of the stack
Decrypt / Decode / Decompress Proprietary File
Is there something like DVWA (Damn Vulnerable Web Application) for reverse engineering?
Thread local storage access on Windows XP
BIOS code failed to check device and run into a infinite loop
Memory dump analysis
OllyDbg: How to set a conditional breakpoint for a value anywhere in the stack?
How to get Packet Structures
IDA Pro Define Injected Code as DLL
How to reattach tabs in IDA?
Difference between objdump -r and -R switches
.bin files Firmware
What means sym prefix before functions name in radare2
How to reverse engineer a Linux executable to find the parameters?
Where can I find CrackMes for beginners?
PowerPC reversing finding the SDA and the TOC
Binary patching using radare2 in debug mode
How can I extract the structure of an operand with displacement in IDAPython?
edit instructions directly in visual mode
How to fix string structures in IDA
How to find the stack and other info in a memory dump? ARM
Methods for Reverse engineering proprietary protocol
Determine NAND Flash chip type and dump contents
How do I Reverse Firmwares?
Write own obfuscator in Python
Loading a .sys file into Immunity Debugger
Decrypting/Decoding encrypted/encoded data
IDA does not follow relative jump, executable patching
Modify program's registry accesses from HKLM to HKCU in assembly
Reverse a BFLT file
Problems calculating checksum for AirConditioner
How to switch to "Graph View" in IDA Pro while debugging with WinDbg inside a system DLL?
Register Calling Convention: written in stone, or in mud?
IDA Strange exception before code is executed
Decoding Base64 is Garbled
What all are the built-in data types available in IDA?
How to set a label to a memory address in ollydbg2
How to perform memory address translation on x86 instructions?
It's possible call a function outside a original thread?
Reverse-engineering DOS game's data files
What is Executable Compression?
How to find matching braces in IDA's decompiled code?
VirtualProtect a function isn't working.
Is it possible to reprogram an android smart phone?
How can I create an appropriate Japanese .tbl file for Hex Editing?
Unable to call function with CreateRemoteThread
Does pintool work with virtual/symbolic CPU
How to bind two EXE files?
How to know which module am I currently in? (EIP/RIP pointer)
How decompilation works?
which windows API called when execute wmic qfe get hotfixid command?
IDA pseudo code decompilation
Hopper remote debugging
How to decompress a custom game data file?
How can I guess hashing or checksum algotrithm which is used?
Get instruction bytes in JIT mode, Intel Pin
IDAPython can't ignore library functions
Issues rewriting portions of DOS app's assembly
Debug ELF executable
What exactly is this piece of assembly code doing?
Antidebug/reverse engineering targeted for libraries
Change of offset in instruction?
How to distinguish different compiler codes in ASM?
Is reverse engineering possible for old windows kernels?
Reverse Engineering a binary file with no extension
What are @PAGE and @PAGEOFF symbols in IDA?
reversing ios notes file format
How are addresses calculated from the values in x86 segment registers?
How come such large a data region has got the same address in IDA?
How to get the file format via Idapython?
How ret know where eip is saved?
How should I approach a basic CTF exploitation challenge?
Is there any IDAPython API that returns the function which an address belong to?
Where can I get systematic problems and solutions for debugging?
How do I know the bytes corresponding to an instruction in Hex view in IDA?
Using __kernel_vsyscall on x64 linux machine
Does IDAPython define any special environment variable?
Writing own custome syscall/int 0x80 on x64 system
How is IDAPython API structured?
Why can't gdb find symbol which IDA can?
How do I denote and use JMP /5 in byte code
Why doesn't the breakpoint get hit in gdb?
What is the relationship between .NET and x86-64 assembly?
How to programatically extract function names, function arguments and strings from a .NET binary?
GCC change the order of variable declaration
Why is IDAPython decompiler API returning the same effective address for both the current item and its parent?
Cleaning HexRays Output
Removing randomness from program execution
Handling of the communication data I received with PySerial (Python)
How can I see the IDAPython implementation of HexRay's decompiler API?
How can I walk up along the AST using IDAPython decompiler API?
Radare2 console output?
vivisect parse assembly
Question about reading addresses/offsets in C++ within a hooked function
Is there any IDA plugin to display AST?
Lutron Caseta Protocol over HTTPS
How to get Video URL from embedded Link in Twitter
What memory security settings are needed to allow a basic buffer overflow on Fedora 25?
Will jailbreaking affect file system accessibility for all apps?
Can't get buffer to overflow over function pointer
Going around finding a signature used in a .APK file
Is it possible to redirect IDAPython stack trace to console?
How should i read this assembly?
How to figure out which library a native JNI function is calling?
sandbox for analyzing network traffic
Cannot locate a variable on the stack
C# Source Reverse Eng into UML Model Fragment
Emulating Non-Linux Firmware Image of Embedded Devices
My nopsled getting Segmentation fault (core dumped)
How do you find and set a BP on OutputDebugString calls in OllyDBG?
Decompiling 64bit ARMv8 Android .so library
How to patch file by adding a branch instruction to another address in arm
Dumping Flash Memory Using Bus Pirate
Reverse Engineering a Firmware. Someone can help me?
Wiring Flash Chip to Raspberry Pi
Reverse-obfuscated Java code
How to bypass this old windows application's free disk space check?
Assembly and C++
Disassembling an MS-DOS EXE
Can Radare2 support word-oriented architectures?
Make this function return true
IDA Pro Export C style array using Python instead of GUI menu
GNU Assembler - Tricore - how to set origin?
How to sniff HTTPS traffic of apps that ignore system proxy setting?
How to store files on a router's NAND without writing the whole firmware
How to sniff HTTPS traffic of Android apps that ignore the system proxy setting?
What to do with ILSpy error "This file does not contain a managed assembly"?
IDA python : reading n bytes from an offset
COBOLII-MB 2.xx
Decompressing zImage
What happened to woodman.com?
Modifying Windows DLLs
C-sky CPU reverse-engineering
Legal risks of retro engineering a 19 years old game
How to get pointer from byte code
Replace section inside ELF file
xor eax, eax in x64
Getting started with reversing device network traffic
Variable mapping in IDA hotkey change
ARM: understanding MSR/MRS instructions
What is the difference between binary instrumentation and software breakpoints?
Is there a from...import * equivalent of idaapi.require()?
Objdump - How to output text (eg ASCII strings) alongside assembly code?
How to debug packet processing with overlapped socket on Windows
Help to understand some assembly code
How to extract content of NVRAM file?
Can't debug a service
In angr, how to Load and Analyze a binary file that only contain a function instructions
How to determine architecture from firmware file
Saving .so file with IDA
Relocate load address of main module IDA
How does the processor distinguishes processes wrt HW bps?
Run to user code in IDA
3 questions on assembly - syntax, meaning, and equivalent in high level code (eg C++)
Can I know which function from which dll was called at runtime?
Patching a variable's type in an executable file
What type of disassembler is distorm?
Do I have sufficient information to determine a checksum algorithm?
Creating FLIRT Signature Files for new CPU
Extracting classes from running JVM
Renaming entitites in obfuscated java bytecode
What is the format of this time?
3 questions on Assembly - meaning of code, Decompilation in Linux, Higher level perspective,
Add new subroutine using IDA for ARM binary
MSVC Generates Weird Code for Volatile Local Variable
Modifying address found through IDA
Can I reverse engineer a pdf file to identify the creator's name?
Android App's hardcoded local keystore password r3versing
How are Apple App Store Apps encrypted?
Call DLL export in OllyDBG
Identify compression of this ZTE ZXV10 H201L V2 backup config file
No LC_UNIXTHREAD segment in iOS application Mach-O
How can I make these images appear normal?
Log modified memory locations when tracing with Ollydbg
Reverse engineering ARM PIC
Finding hidden string location using radare2 on ELF binaries
How could colors be encoded in these values?
Parseable Windows API documentation
Using IDA Python Iterate Through All Functions and Their Instructions
What does this extra argument for a VLDR instruction mean?
I have a problem with understanding the register %bl
How do I find where a String is referenced in IDA Pro?
GDB find string strange results
Area calculations & what about 12.5m?
How can I control local variable ordering on stack in gcc?
IDA pro and function names/showing names
How to monitor/reverse engineer RS485-connected display device traffic?
Encryption (AES-128) in automatic meters reading
Extract decrypted Assembly-CSharp.dll from APK via IDA
Unpack .apk file from a PC game (NOT Android related)
File Reverse Engineering – League of Legends WAD File Header Hash
Creating basic pseudocode from ARM ASM
Reverse engineering POST request body
How to adjust function type/call parameters to custom structs in IDA Pro?
How to SUCCESSFULLY add a code section to an executable file in Linux?
How can I get the process information in windows without using APIs?
Is it possible to debug an ELF file with a Windows-based disassembler?
How to add standard symbolic constants with bitwise operators (like ORs)
Trying to dump firmware from embedded flash
Elf binary manipulation tool on ARM
How does this local var get assigned?
How can I call IDA Pro's MakeCode for one instruction at a time?
How to crack windowed crackmes?
Behavior of undocumented Windows features
Editing memory in radare2
How to find entry point in .exe?
IDA - Some issues regarding function's/data/code recognition
Got root on IP camera, but init.d overwritten at boot. How to start telnetd at launch?
Are there any static binary rewriting tools？
What is this hidden stack used by syscalls on Windows?
Viewing Physical Memory Addresses in OllyDbg or any program?
PE file format: How can I find the heap memory space in a running WinNT program?
How to dissassemble Cypress MCU based firmware?
Given a heap address, can gdb show which function allocated the heap at this address?
How to extract D-Link DCS-4603 camera firmware
Identifying possible structs in C/C++ disassembly
Extract firmware from STM32F030 using ST-Link clone
Reversing a program with dongle
Doesn't IDA Pro 6.95 support decompiling MIPS executable?
What is a good and reliable C decompiler that support ELF and SH4 Architecture?
Fighting programs that don't respond to Send/PostMessage-based input
basic reversing question about local variable
How to decrypt the config.bin from ZTE ZXV10 H201L
DLink LIF firmware: Error reading block 1191378964 from file. (Success)
How to debug malware that injects itself into another process?
Dumping ipa file on iOS 10.2
Why are symbols with local binding present in the symbol table of my ELF files?
Problem with symbols using WinDbg
How is .NET related to Windows system calls?
what is best forum to ask about hex reversing?
How can i rename Array to API Name in IDAPro?
How to display .text section of a PE in radare2?
Choose a career path
How does Apple enforce the expiration of beta apps distributed through TestFlight
Access violation when reading [OLLYDEBUG]
LD_PRELOAD in QEMU user space emulation
Calling DLL exports in x64dbg
how to translate HEX values into X Y Z
What causes a blank memory dump in OllyDbg?
How can I change the values in esp?
Need help unraveling the format (time, string, float/decimal, integer/float/decimal) in .dat file
Anyone recognize this variant of Intel HEX firmware format?
Basic Buffer Overflow Help
How to debug binwalk tool?
Is there a way to find out which hash standard by studying the source code?
Is there a static data flow analysis tool for .net assemblies?
Buffer overflow on server
Reversing variable origin (pointer chain) in IDA. Stuck on RUNTIME_FUNCTION XREF
edit CMD exe to not wait for confimation
PE Sections Permissions
Dalvik dex file version 036
Basic actions in hopper disassembler
How to assemble back a disassembled ChunkSpy LUA?
What exactly is a SIM card?
I'm unable to copy to executable (ollydebug)
Extracting a NAND flash dump with OOB data
Dumping SQLITE database out of memory and viewing without original DB
Basic clarifications about .hex and .bin file
What are the Vectored Continue Handlers
Why to dump precisely at OEP while manual unpacking?
Which environmental variables can be used alter control flow and keep suid?
Approach to extract useful information from binary file
Using breakpoints from OllyDbg in Windbg
How does a SIM card work?
Python winappdbg getting process name from event object
QEMU gdb server thread problem
Get address of where process mapped in Windbg
COM interface call from managed code
c++ version of MOV AL,BYTE PTR DS:[ESI]
ollydbg: how to set a breakpoint at program exit?
How to run and reconstruct a packed DLL in IDA Pro?
How does glibc malloc work?
Finding What Data Means From File?
Solve problem with debugging Linksys-wrt54gl with JTAG using BusPirate programmer
Making changes in ELF file after dissassembly
How does new operator internally work in C++?
Adding a new PE section for a code cave
Can't extract machine code from Cortex-M3 firmware
Protocol RE, mysterious checksum function
How to identify unknown chip
IDA ignoring register changes in pseudocode
How to get the disassembly line without offset translations in IDAPython?
Help identify missing componant for jtag connection
IDA Pro: how to pass a function a pointer to a structure field
Help editing & repacking (repackaging) .img wi-fi camera firmware
Why is there a difference in offset between ida and gdb?
Safe way to download a malware payload?
Decode Ascii string values from reverse-engineered lua file
How can I retrieve port configs and IDs of a USBxpress serial device from software DLLs?
How .reloc Section is used in PE file?
DGA(Domain Generation Algorithm) based malware files
ZyXEL P-2812HNU-F1, replacing the U-Boot on the board
Need help in understanding the code of a "Malicious" file
lzma: File format not recognized [Details enclosed]
GNU objcopy: elf to hex missing sections
how to overcome setunhandledexceptionfilter in ollyDebugger?
Analog Devices chip identification Y 4 A
Dump data from segments.io /segment.com with apikey
How to get elf header via IDAPython?
Problem with converting hex values to decimal
OllyDbg how to see the main thread (all memory in the cpu)
Fixing dump files in ida
Batch mode of ida pro 6.5
Is stack migration a standard attack technique?
Why the program can't write to specific memory area
Rebuilding a symbol table for a firmware binary
Using QEMU to boot arm uImage kernel
Incorrect semicolon usage in decompiled variables
Reverse engineering binary file to find flag
Trying to identify a string in a strcmp instruction
Is there any websites to get malware files using YARA rules?
What is the name of this technique?
EBP + C what is that?
How XOR works in my code?
Recognizing a possibly obfuscated character encoding used in a database
IDA pro dump memory snapshot to file
Does x86 instruction SHL/SHR actually rotate the bits?
Newbie unpacking diffculties
What is the purpose of these instructions before the main preamble?
How to add a function symbol to a stripped executable with radare2?
What does the `TEST` instruction do
getting the flags of an IDA name
How to get the address of a function definition?
Find string in stripped binary file use gdb
Radare2 C output
Android Native Library - How to match java references to sub_XXX function (static way)
Changing Entrypoint in ELF executable
Why can't gdb read memory if pwntools is used to send input?
Get list of functions (including non-exported functions!) in running executable
Why do I get different addresses for the printf function when I disassemble with otool?
IDA hexrays decompiler
Is it feasible to try write mips unicode shellcode
Mach-O : Convert virtual address to file offset on disk
Reverse engineer encrypted text file if I have both pre and post encryption files
Trying to reverse engineer teamviewer's printer driver
What does 'mapped' memory region mean in gdb-peda?
Why is j_free function and free_ptr pointer needed in glibc?
Netgear n300 auth bypass vulnerability
Is there a way to debug an elf file that runs with no problems with damaged header?
I'd like to ask about unpacking aspack 2.12
How to use radare2 to disassemble an executable file?
whats the purpose of this code snippet?
IDA, how to show ascii comment on immediate values?
How to reverse Engineer a game character position on a map
Need script to analyze process dump file (windows)
FFC on the back of a Chromebook Pixel Display Assembly
Finding base address U-boot Android image from /dev/block/mmcblk0boot0
iOS Position-independent code and relocations
How can I debug android native library with ida demo?
legitimate memory pages that are marked as RWX?
In IDA 5, is there a way to rename a stack variable mid-function
Given a ROM dump file, how do I reverse engineer it to determine the CPU it runs on?
What steps are needed to decode a Base64 binary?
IOCTL Code for Windows driver
Is there an existing method to lift ARMv7 [iPhone] binaries to LLVM IR?
Length requirement on IOLI crackme input
Can corrupted PE files be executed in some versions of Windows but not others?
SHL with 0 operand
Help finding CPU/SOC on a board
What is the pictured x86 technique/area called?
DPFMate Keychain tool
How to debug ServiceMain function of a service?
Running a binary identified as an ARM excutable by binwalk --disasm
Recursive Descent Disassembly
Ways to detect Function hooking?
Trying to figure what kind of compression was used
Possible to execute cgi application locally and preserve the permissions?
How can the problem posed for disassembly by the admixture of executable code and literal pools in ARM firmware be overcome?
DOS Executable Segments
Analysis Apps for iOS10/64Bit
SWF flash analysis
Is it possible to restart over a program by calling an entry point function?
Using the AND operator to find a heap allocation size, Fermin's formula
How to revese engineer a self-modyfing binary
How to read canary value in gdb?
What are ways to find Windows constant macro definitions?
Wireshark - Bluetooth LE decoding a HCI Log
How to decompile a C# .exe on macOS?
reversing without IDA or OLLYDBG
Instruction and memory tracer for executing program on windows
How to find Xref to strings in proprietary binaries?
X64 ASSEMBLY - Cannot run compiled and linked raw shellcode in Windows
Assistance finding CGI files
Copy Export Symbols From Mac to Windows PE
newbie trying to understand disassembled code
explain the vulnerable code used by EternalBlue SMB attack
Crack an executable in PE
Strange File Format: How to unpack a set of compressed files?
Why always get the message "Illegal Instruction (core dumped)"?
How to extract an unknown archive file? Currently Im trying to open *.pak (P5CK)
How to figure out method argument sizes and types in elf32-i386 disasembly?
Anti-tampering techniques in Android APK's
Accesssing xmm registers in IDAPython
IDA Pro: Converting structure to decimal
Unknown record type in Intel Hex file
IDA pro: jump back to previous instruction
Determining an application's library call behaviour
Is it possible to make a string bigger on an executable without breaking it?
Aside from Assembly, should I learn C or C++?
Deducing Protobuf Schema and Datatypes
getting function address by reading ADRP and ADD instruction values
Immunity debugger anti anti debug
Why does clang use ebp relative offsets to put function arguments on the stack?
How to get better in re?
windows kernel debugging on Mac host (using VirtualBox)
How to locate dynamic instructions?
Automated Static Unpacking Binaries
Was PEview developed using Delphi?
Dose PE Explorer unpack upx executables?
Where can I get a good description about windows build-in exe programs like wupdmgr.exe?
What is the encoding format for unconditional Jumps on SPARC/SPARC64?
how do I define an address with a module and an offset in c++
Need help reversing this loop
IDAPython: Change struct member content name
Identifying structures in C++
How can I determine if NAND blocks are good blocks?
reversing on windows x86_64 with radare2
Need help intercepting android application network traffic
Likely malicous Javascript-interested in how it works
What PE anomalies can crash the Windows Loader or cause a file to not load?
Why is IDA call analysis failing?
best c compiler on windows for reversing
Ollydbg: Function name list like in IDA
Disassembled Java class file differs from Source
Simple 8bit checksum
Are Windows Store Apps in a VM and can they be identified by PE header info?
Understanding the variables in stack layout
Is it possible to extract / read a variable out of a running .exe file?
Help reading a variable from an address in an executable?
Two arguments pushed on stack, callee only shows one argument
How to convert the dumped firmware (from linksys-wrt54gl via JTAG port) in an understandable format
Detect a process for being injected with a dll
How does look "this" variable in C++ at the assembly level?
What's the best way of improving already compiled binary?
Anti-Reverse Question on implementing a Shellcode
Tools to support Android native code hacking?
Reverse engineering proprietary database file format .IDF
IDA Pro debugging: follow child process
LEA assembly instruction
What does fs register value mean in x86 application?
Disassembling code with Hopper
ptrace TRACE_PEEKER: Input/output error accessing virtual address contents when traced file is a shared object file
Practicing what SHOULD be a simple crackme. Program calls strlen() but never returns
OBD II scanner reverse engineering
Debug a .dll file within powershell
How to get file back from generated sha256 checksum?
How do I Log a String Referenced within a Method - Smali
Is it possible to Reverse Engineer digitially signed android game & then repack it
Reverse Engineering ZyXel C1100Z modem firmware
Did radare2 remove support of MSIL from some version?
.dat file how to Encryption and decryption?
Reverse engineering ps2 game texture file format - got most of it but a few issues
x64dbg how to debug a DLL called from an application
Why is using a 32bit system over 64bit recommended for people that are new to reverse engineering?
Understanding hashing in cookies
Ollydbg not displaying full info
What is the need of the Rotation Operation?
I have a question about SEH Overwrite
How do people typically RE large binaries with lots of threads and imports?
radare2 ascii graph to image?
Extracting embedded dlls from .NET executable
What additional data does a compiler populate the buffer space with?
Accessing .rodata/.rel.data.ro
"Proper" way to recreate undocumented structs / classes given memory layout in C++?
IDA - call dword ptr [mana+0Ch] - Where is it pointing to?
Modifying a string in a .net binary
Trying to call a function in an unknown DLL
Visual View in radare2 while debugging
Why do simple x86 instructions confuses IDA Pro
Getting REWARDS pintool to work with ELF
Decompiling and deobfuscating APK file
Obtain .exe/.dll/.sys for a given .pdb file
Is it safe to load a virus to IDA Pro?
Debugging MIPS Binaries on Ubuntu 64-bit (version 14.04)
VBA code detection in MS office documents
methods for identifying deliberately unmagiked filesystem
How to find a symbol in a binary using radare2?
How calls work in x86
Reverse Engineering a automotive flash file
MSP430 - IDA Pro Free Binary Dump
Router flash dump unknown filesystem
How to print all functions of a binary using radare2 c/c++ API
What makes CDMs such as Widevine hard to reverse engineer?
Help reverse engineering Linksys E1200 router firmware
Is it possible for a .exe PE file to do something without any imports at all?
Need help extracting JFFS2 filesystem from .img firmware binary
MITM a Connection Between Components on a Motherboard
What does the “Offset to the filename” stands for in an Index Record in NTFS
Changing strings in Hopper Disassembler
Network support when emulating firmware with QEMU
Reading Physical Memory
Reverse engineering unknown RS232/UART binary protocol
IDA Pro - Applying function signatures
library issue when running mips binary in a chrooted environment
Window application - Does the debugger stop the window thread?
Dump Sequence Data from Casio electronic keyboard
Creating a patcher for a mac app
Trying to call DLL's functions from my exe
Calling Swift 4 methods from C
Radare2 - recursive traversal visual mode
Dumping Memory to Raw File
Do TPMs Send Stored Keys in Plaintext?
Viewing 32-bit floats in Internal Call disassembly from .NET 2.0 DLL in x64dbg
Debugger always paused in ntdll
Reverse Engineering visual basics programs
Generating a key for a simple algorithm
Why shell code only with nop slide working for me?
How to find out where an application stores the resolutions it allows?
Unknown CRC calculation
Searching for error doesn't appear in searches to bypass software limitations
How to get API name from address in registry value in IDA plugin
Could not find ld-linux-x86-64.so.2 in strace output
What do the grey dashed lines in IDA's text view represent?
Understanding AutoIT "compilation"
What conditions can create the "Not a Valid Win32 Application" error message upon load?
Is there a name for this kind of "obfuscation" for the machine code from C++?
Crack Me Material
Finding other segments of a manually mapped DLL having found the .text segment
Smali vs Decompilation for malware detection in apk files
Detecting user<->kernel transitions with hypervisor
How to break on a window creation
What does this sequence of numbers mean?
Basic assembly query
A buffer overflow exercise using a shellcode
What is the general term used for these pictured symbols?
68k: Adding 0x100 to 9-bit register and doing BEQ.s - how does it make sense?
Find the code used when you right click and select "Bring To Front" in Task Manager
Auto recognition of Unicode Strings
Recover Library Function ProtoType from IDA-Pro
Reverse engineer the update-binary file in Android recovery update packages
Changing NSUserDefaults of a mac or iOS binary executable
How to hide / obfuscate the function of an IC?
What are these extra members in this derived constructor?
How can WinDbg be used to troubleshoot program loading?
Is there a tool capable of reconstructing structured code from arbitrary assembly code?
Function Address Changes When Gets Referenced elsewhere
What do malicious programs use the ESENT registry key for?
How to debug DLL injection in IDA?
Dump firmware from MC9S08EL32 MCU
How does the different types of executable packing work?
IDA Pro Graph question
Invalid INDX entries for $I30 on NTFS harddisk
BinDiff says Diff Binary does not exist
Changing the format of IDA's Produce file -> Create ASM file
Is there an existing tool to reverse engineer Xamarin AOTDATA files?
Link between C and x86 asm
Inverse And operation
C++ Anti Kernel Debugger?
VST audio samples
Information about packers
IDA doesn't let me open 32bit .exe vuln program
Is it possible to call function in dynamic link library(.so) generated by Android JNI project?
How to decrypt encrypted script files for a game?
What is a free & open source alternative to IDA Pro for MacOS?
Loading user specified IDA symbols in GDB
Can apk files have protection against being debugged?
my question is what means proc near?
Why does IDA identify so many non-existent methods in this binary?
DSi Data Recovery Process?
Translate addresses on stack to the exported function names
strange instruction in IDA when debugging malware
How can I debug this binary (which I suspect does encryption)?
How can I export only the opcodes from objdump (or any other program)
Find changes between two UEFI firmware versions?
Need help for an unknown 7-bit checksum
Trying to reverse function to generate certain color strings from an HMAC signature - decompiled code LOOKS right, but my results differ
How to bypass or block GetSystemTime?
Sniffing https traffic of an android app
Running machine code that I need to execute with arguments. How?
How work this obfuscation, and how deobfuscate?
How to document a reverse engineering operation?
How to call an item of a Javascript array?
Is there any tool to visually see program stack in linux while debugging?
Real-time changes of executable on IDE/Assembler
Reverse engineering a golang binary file
How to edit a type of sound file used with a fruit machine emulator?
Decoding binary data structure
Dumpout Process Memory Layout During Loading Time
Idenifying far call target in protected mode (x86 assembly)
cwa file conversion
How to detect JNI calls from smali code?
RE Tplink TD-W8960N V7
IDA Pro - Stack variable only used in one place?
Manual unpacking petya ransom
Do .NET functions have function prologs?
Defeat RSA hash verification - QNX working example
Any tool for finding IP that a process use/access?
Need help with binary file analysis
Can anyone help me identify and decode this string?
Changing the font in immunity debugger?
How can I insert bytes with OllyDbg?
What compression algorithm is this?
Exports that redirects to other library
Change sending IP of only certain executable
Trying to read/write an Renesas's M30626FHPGP flash memory
Reverse Packet Encryption with server side checks
How to find out which instruction wrote to a specific address?
How can I view the dynamic symbol table of a running process?
How to monitor specific variables in a running process?
How does the 'graphic views' on Hopper Disassembler work?
Need help understanding "garbage" data in https request
Strange bytes in interrupt table
ESP out of range of "Stack View" in IDA
idapython - Get Xrefs to a stack variable
Is it possible to name mona output files?
Optimized vs Unoptimized code comparison
How tools like PEiD find out the compiler and its version.
Understanding an if statement in assembly
How to combine 2 dex files into a single dex file for more complete disassembly by IDA Pro
Identify a 320V DC Brushless IC Power MOSFET(?) Driver
Android Intercepts for log the Funtion Calls to javax
Android debug server protocol version mismatch
Unable to use C++ to read memory image file
How does the Windows Native API communicate with the kernel?
How to generate the call graph of a binary file?
IDA Pro GDB QEMU Tricore setup
How do I decompress a .astc file with an additional .ccz extension? How do I view .lta files?
Packed PE file and weird Header
Radare2 doesn't display the whole function
How can I identify how this string is being encoded so I can replicate it?
How can I get the shared libraries' function calls using angr
Find out how a program is reading a file
Dolphin Emulator Android port modifications
Disassembled code: Find out command-line arguments of program
Does IMAGE_FILE_SYSTEM actually means System file
How to make radare2 work for a large binary?
Disassembling MIPS 32 version 1 binary with the Radare2 Framework
Find what writes to a dynamic memory address
Getting Xrefs to Windows Library Functions in IDA Pro
de4dot and Dotfuscator: IL looks different, not DotPeek decompiled code
Modified dll works as original without debugger attached
Finding variable reference in cpp
How can I modify binary image resource data?
How to perform manual flashing of a bricked device?
ARM "add" instruction with shift
How can I resolve dynamic addresses (for APIs,DLLs etc.) to disassemble in IDA Pro?
How to break when specific text is found
Help me understand how to actually break an XOR/Vigenère cipher
Reverse engineering the virtual machine based crackme
In Memory DLL Injection
Volatility - manually inspect heap of a process
Why does IDA add "db" statements between disassembled code
Opening non-standard PNG files extracted from Android app - missing signature and IHDR chunk
Reverse engineering the PluginKit MacOS framework
Why the assembly instructions also have an adresses ?
IDA PRO: Monitor variable during execution
Disassembling Hikvision DVR firmware?
How to extract contents from this .DIG file?
How to investigate Windows 32/64bit (WOW64) transition
I Need to force windows to the front So I can dump Hasp Dongle on program that runs at boot
Find out the checksum/crc/whatever is used in this file
Slow kernel dbg with VirtualBox and WinDBG
What does NtSetInformationKey do in the Windows Native API?
Calling a function of a game inside a function hook
What is the current state on Christopher Domas' "killer poke" find?
Anti-debug that can broke programm links (branches)?
DLL Injection does not work twice
IDA Pro: Define local variables from non-standard powerpc stack register
Adding section. Error starting the application (0xc000007b)
PDP-11 pure executable - version 16
NETGuard vs ILProtector vs AppFuscator
Security bypass: How to run application in Android Emulator?
What could be the purpose of XORing esp with a global variable? (stack canary protection)
ASM working as is, but not in a C program
gdb-multiarch Segmentation fault
Base address and offsets
Can we decompile an .exe or .dll as %100?
IDA Pro PowerPC Decompiler Plugin supporting Floating Point Instructions
Added instruction to shellcode
IDA: Two calls of a same function
How to find paths from current offset to given address using radare2?
Unpack files from executable
Should the Delay Import Directory contain virtual addresses?
How to demangle symbols with starting with "@@"?
Accidently removed cordova platform ios folder
Unknown comparison
Debugging EXE File in Windbg and How to set Breakpoints in Assembly
Working Linux assembly XOR Encoder/Decoder Failing on Windows
How to Make .text Section in Assembly Writeable for Win7-64 EXE
Home router's firmware reverse engineering
APK Tools for Tinder 7.4.0
Need help reversing an Android Game
MSP430 JTAG FUSE
decrypting a microSD
Does chrome still use NSS libraries
Knowledge about CPU hardware
Opening Windows 10 DMP file
Reconstructing Assembly Truth Map
Why BIOS is not asking for HDD password on reboot but only after power off?
How to do Global DLL injection
Weird looking assembly-code bunch
How to unpack the Fortigate firmware?
Need help disassembling Qualcomm QDSP6
Reverse Engineering A Tely 200 Camera
Where ES/GS/FS are pointing to?
Do you need a 64 bit disassembler like IDA Pro to disassemble 64 bit code?
How do I find address of a global variable in Ollydbg?
binwalk on reversing switch firmware
RE USB-Serial device driver [Canon ES-E1 for EOS-1V]
charles proxy only showing portion of requests?
Change URL a program sends data to
reversing stripped & statically linked binary with radare2
Powermac gdbserver wrapper/How to attach IDA to powermac application?
What does adding 4.294967296e9 to a double do?
Kernel debug - internet explorer in kernelmode?
How do I approach this CTF Debugging Program?
Reverse code check
What kind of assembly language construct is this?
radare2 specifying bitfield or enum width
What process should I follow to sniff USB serial packets and then replicate them?
Unable to boot ARM disk image
Need help with a USB gaming mouse
Understanding ARM64 Obj-C Prolog
Reverse engineering of Managed C++/C# CrackMe
Understanding IDA's netnodes
Radare2 project opening
How to edit and modify a class with ILSpy + Reflexil
How to detect overlay data in RTF files?
What does __CFSHL__ do?
How find all subroutine calls using Hopper?
IDA pro 6.9, what does "lambda" in type notation mean in C++ reversed code
OLLYdbg is stopping on 7000000 addresses on the ntdll and not the entry point of the application
What tool is able to analyze/decompile asm execution trace?
In a native debugger, what must be done in order to resolve ntdll/other API symbols manually?
File analysis with hexdump - unknown container
Debugging with radare2 using two terminals
NFC Tag reverse engineering failed by a non-responding tag
How can I tell if a virus was made by Russians?
How relaunch iOS app once ASLR has been disabled?
What is \Sessions\1\BaseNamedObjects\NamedBuffer?
How to debug a hang application with radare2?
How can I dynamically debug a malicious DLL?
How to decrypt files given access to the decryption formula (bash) and passwords (Mach-O binary)
Pydbg List imported API
Struggling between syscall or sysenter ( Windows )
Debugging a deadlock when the mutex owner thread is dead?
Gaps between sections
Why lldb seems to not stop at breakpoints?
Bypass DLL by returning correct values? Or alternative technique
Help reversing end-of-life'd Logitech Link. How to get Flash Contents
Split view radare2 print heap
Tracing the last written value of a memory location without slowdown
Getting the current process in Windows
Flash Reading by JTAG
There is any way to see the subroutine local variables values and who actually access them?
Extract conditional instructions using IDA python in ARM binaries
STL map and map entry structures for IDA/HexRays
Processor Type in IDA Python
Identify the porcessor type of a binary
How to decompile with Hex Rays via a Python API?
Understanding the output of Windbg's `dds esp`
How do reverse engineers commonly detect the format of binary data?
Checksum in CAN message
Redirecting Program Output from /dev/*char_device* to Text File
Unpacking xamarin mono dll from libmonodroid_bundle.app.so
Identify password generation algorithm
See how classes are used in a Unity 3D game
Understanding gdb output
Patching an exe with NOPs
Where should I put my breakpoint? (USB dongle protected software, probably marx)
Flash reading by JTAG in MPC5606B
Obtaining the decryption keys for Super Mario Run (Android/iOS Game)
Attaching to Dalvik static function using Frida in order to disable emulator detection
Trouble finding the right Checksum algorithm
Give a name to an arbitrary hex value in IDA Pro
Detecting hardware breakpoints
Download and Decompile an Ios app
Basic shellcode doesn't work when read from stdin
Building a control flow graph from machine code
Disassembling at a memory address
Why do debuggers sometimes not show entire call stack?
possible to get reference assembly address in file for special memory address?
Functions window empty for some ipa using ida pro
Why function names are visible in a decompiled iOS app?
Track execution of bytes in a Linux executable
How to hook Windows syscall ntcreatefile an get path to saved file from notepad? Python 3
Reverse engineering USB peripheral driver
Help with LDRD Instruction
reverse engineer BE126 boot-loader
Searching for strings in ollydbg
Faster Kernel debugging for Windows
How can I unpack this archive file?
x86 ASM question about hexadecimal numbers and how to transfer them
Getting MobileCoreServices.framework binary in iOS11
Overriding the second argument with conditional breakpoints
How to check which thread crashed?
Reversing Self-Modifying Malware
What do I need to know in order to reverse-engineer software on Windows?
What are the overall features used in static analysis of malware? Is file property among the features used in static analysis of malware?
How does a Smartcard work?
Is there a method for "guessing" the addresses for unknown areas in bare metal firmware binaries?
Can JTAG and memory protections be glitched over? (regarding silicon construction of a micro)
Emulation Project - GameGuard Protected Client
iOS entitlements for enable calling to private API
Solving method of DLL crackme
How to label local variables in x64dbg
Are there any project based books that teach reverse engineering?
Techniques to hide a process (procmon)?
reverse javascript crackme encryption method algorithm
Animal Crossing: Pocket Camp .zdat File
IDA : trap call
Why does IDA mark this as end of function?
Resolve Addresses To Function Names
JNI_onLoad not presented in .so (Android)
How do I read over an undefined function with IDAPython?
Fixing '__asm' in pseudocode in IDA PRO (inconsistent fpu stack error)
How does a TAP card work?
Erlang Source file generation from .beam file
How can I convert a .bin file to either assembly or C?
Getting the correct memory address for a specific value
Debugging third party apk without modifying apk
ARMCC/C++ Empty Vtable entries
Disassembling VxWorks Firmware
Why does my shellcode work in gdb but not on the command line
Android debugging, stop before app starts on third party app
HexRays: Variadic methods like printf
I'm would like to view this malicious payload, but am having trouble decoding it
How can I receive DbgPrint messages in windbg on windows 10
Decoding LZSS buffer lookup indices
How to decrypt .jpg files of comics app in a C Program?
Log EIP while in a certain memory range?
School project - Cracking a school emulator
How to decompile an exe file?
Calling original function that uses unconventional calling convention
How to track events of any software
IDA Pro's Super-Complicated Function Pointer Definition
Difference between INT 0X80 and SYSCALL
What causes the need for NOP sleds?
My core dump's backtrace stops to a signal handler, what can I do?
Searching for comments in ollydbg
Dealing with instructions that are accessed by multiple pieces of data
Function Pointer Assembly Calculations
Why does this function calls offset move when I restart windows
POC for appleScript injection method
Returning value from faux DLL
reverse engineering a website for the Html, css and javascript
How to build a 32-bit DLL in pure assembly
HighWaterNumberOfObjects/Handles meaning?
How to deobfuscation the public class names .NET
TP-Link encrypted backup file TX-VG1530
How to use Frida on a Java application ? (non Android application)
how to find memory objects using immunity debugger
How do Enigma, Themida and VMProtect compare to each other?
what is radare2's equivalent to GDB's 'find &system,+9999999,"/bin/sh"'
Unable to find Send/Recv type calls in Network Application
Unpacking ROM dump
Extracting Keyboard Firmware
IDA - Create Process Flow Map Between 2 Sub-Routines
Addresses of dlls in Kernel Space
Unicorn emulator: find out if register is undefined
How to change the strings in rdata section of a executable file?
How can I fix an unpacked binary which calls out-of-bounds memory?
what does VA and OEP means? and How does IAT be fixed manually?
Unpacking firmware
Struggling with an archive file format using "encryption"
radare2 get API library and name from address
IDA Hex-Rays suggests an invalid offset
How to step into kernel code from a user-mode code using IDA Pro and WinDbg as a debugger?
ARM ELF Obfuscation
IDA python, write to specific memory location
Can a Data Type Span Multiple Virtual Pages? (Windows)
TOKEN structure in Kernel
how data types and variables are converted to machine code?
Calling internal functions via dll injection - runtime error
DCD data in IDA disassmbed file
where the variable and it's size are stored inside windows executabe file?
What are some ways in which virtual machines make native static and dynamic reversing of a binary more difficult?
Disassemblers resolving (ELF) section names
Inject code into JNI function (Android shared library)
Exe protection by TLS callback, trying to understand the behaviour
Shells CTF segfault - wrong address
What does this instruction pairs mean?
Address to file offset
What is a more efficient way to locate disasm patterns in IDAPython?
How to get a nice stack view in radare2?
How do you rename a memory address operand in IDAPython?
reverse checksum algorithm
What does test bl al, bl al mean?
replicate external bank switching in IDA Pro
If we have IMAGE_IMPORT_DESCRIPTOR, Is the IAT redundant?
Reverse Engineering Windows PowerBuilder Binaries
x64 Linux reverse-engineering - understanding asm code and inject eax
How To Print Addresses in Radare2
IDAPython: How to check if an instruction is a conditional branch or jump?
Generating symbol file for closed-source binary by hand
Import table vs Import Address Table
How can I load C header file with IDAPython in IDA Pro?
Techniques for marking memory changes
Need Help decrypting .luac files
Help with anti-disassembly trick inside a hooked function
Is there a ProcMon style program for Kernel-Mode?
Is it possible to use an xref on memory address in IDA Pro?
Batch disassembling DLL and EXE files?
Difficulty decrypting nested PKCS #7 / AES router configuration file
2 Stage Shellcode Embedded in Doc file [Out Of Memory - Can't extract it]
How to debug Portable executable for AMD64 in IDA PRO?
Call again function with new parameters
IDA Script, Get Function Name That has random Characters involved in name
Using cheat engine to activate a modified version of a lua script
How can an IA-32 program seemingly compiled with MSVC send its sole argument via EAX?
Simple Debugger and Hardware BreakPoints in x64 Windows 10
ARM64 syscalls table
Is it possible to export/import type definitions in Hopper
What compiler uses a calling convention that uses EAX as the first argument, then pushes onto the stack?
Password Bruteforce using angr
ARM system crashes after changing stack address
Why most debuggers don't auto recognize functions?
Debugging Binary using Far Ret to switch Code Segment
Is it possible to completely reset a cached graph layout for a function in IDA Pro?
Decompress and Analyse VMWARE EFI64 bios
What does this assembly instruction do?
Assembly output too complicated
Custom image format decoding
What is an efficient way to scan for a given import function across modules in IDAPython?
Bypassing av signature with Hex editing
Stack buffer overflow SIGSEGV help
IDA Pro 7.0 showing incorrect LOCALS in pseudocode view
windbg stopped after I set up a breakpoint, keeping busing
Unpacking a Themida packed x64 executable?
IDA code highlight?
Finding Addresses in Ollydbg from IDA
What's the difference between an interrupt line and the interrupt number
Following the value of a function in a function
Changing a windows name by patching create window function call
Stone's PE Encrypter v2.0
Bypass IsDebuggerPresent
Working backwards from a popup
Define function in x64dbg
Can we see local variable directly by inspecting the disk image (file in disk)?
Debugging and profiling directx 9 calls?
How to check proprietary firmware for GPL violation
Inject code into exe
Adobe Reader JIT Pages
Using stdin when debugging with r2pipe
How to extract the automatic comment for these data items in IDA?
How is CreateProcessAsUser impersonation implemented in Windows services?
Rebuilding firmware back to binary file
how to represent -1 in assembly?
Strange instructions pattern (lw) in MIPS binary
IDA Pro getting division by zero when trying to debug assault cube
brute force remote nop sled memory address
IDA hex-rays decompiler not loaded
(Hex-Rays) How to define C macro?
[windbg]kd - sxe ld <dll> from a process context won't fire
How to jump to the start/end of a function in IDA disassembly?
Analysing malware in a real environment (non-virtual environment)
Why would a vtable reference the same function multiple times?
Unable to unpack heavly obfuscated malware
Radare2: inspecting renamed variables
Pointer disassembly
Finding the player animation function of a game
How to set bp in a dll which loads later in pykd?
Linux x64 Disassembly: single movzwl operand question
Is there a static address to a pointer on Mac OS?
Avatao R3v3rs3 2
How can I see the heap data in ollydbg?
Dealing with exceptions in x64dbg
Stack buffer size is different between C and ASM
What other methods can be used to find file paths in an executable?
debugging a graphical msdos game
what means ollydbg EIP location?
Flare-ON#3: Problem understanding some parts in the program
Reverse Intel hex to programming code
Help with animation function
Decompiled code calls a function with unitialized variables
Example of key fishing with OllyDbg logging?
IDA makes an incorrect guess about how a virtual function affects the stack. How can I correct/override it?
Entry point for STM32 firmware
scanf return value
Working backwards from window API's
Functions without a prologue and epilogue?
Run PE File - (Executable) From Memory
Tomb Raider I Add Subtitle
Radare2 set local variable
Finding out ARC file entry point
IDA Pro using Brew installed Python
How to reverse engineer a Windows 10 UWP app?
Finding the encryption key in a binary - IDA Pro and how an S-box might be represented in the binary
Trying to identify the JTAG/RS232 port on this board
Reverse Engineering BIOS (AMI A0.57)
Encrypted String?
Identifying Checksum?
Objective-C disassembling - I dont understand this code
Basic tampering protection
Is it possible to (core-dump) recover a video in memory of the player (VLC) started without a debugger?
BasicCompiler: wanted binaries which BC.exe or QB.exe (compiler) generates
Disassemble CC2541 firmware (TI SensorTag)
Running a patched binary within IDA Free
how to deobfuscate Autoit strings?
Identification of D-Link firmware checksum and adding it to OpenWrt firmware
Is it possible to correctly disassemble STL inlines?
Running script on the command line with IDA Pro 7.0
Operand address in Capstone disassembly is not the same as in IDA/HIEW
PE DOS stub content not commands
Tool for JavaScript deobfuscation
Find functions that constantly calls another
Binwalk could not extract the full content
IDA Pro Search classes within a Dex file inclusive of package name
objdump -T gives Invalid Operation on MIPS .so
Reversing PE - which tools should beginner use?
How can I define a struct in x64/x32Dbg?
Need help with a PiWM encoding question
Unsquashfs fails partways with gzip error code -5
Writing data flash of MPC5606B through JTAG interface using Nexus
How to unpack and decrypt malware?
ARM function start points look strange sometimes in IDA Pro
What does the M68k $FBE6 instruction do on a classic Mac?
re-construction of c code: movsx with test instruction
Difference between 'readelf' and 'radare2' addresses
Converting 16 bit long Hex value to a color
Is there a command in Windbg which prints MINIDUMP_MISC_INFO_N from the Windows mini dumps?
What are L and D in r-w-x-l-d segment flags of IDA Pro?
Deobfuscating overlapping x86 assembly instructions
How to generate IDA FLIRT signatures for Qt 5.5.1
Elf file format finding .got and .got.plt segments
Binwalk alternative
REPL for x86 assembly?
Hex-Rays function signature does not match demangled name
Record all calls to specific function? Olly/x64dbg
What is a "goodboy/badboy"
What is an SDB file?
What does it mean when radare2 says "invalid"?
how to find the encryption algorithm?
Is all debug information of VS-compiled PE files contained in an external PDB file?
How to find a fuction hash when manually resolving in shellcode?
What is the difference between a GLOBAL symbol and NONE?
Running just one function from an compiled executable or shared object?
PDB file vs SDB file?
Reverse engineer checksum in AC Sharp IR packet
Time/Money needed for R&D vs. reverse engineering
Appropriate function to set NTFS extended attributes: ZwSetEaFile or NtSetEaFile
Where Is device specific information kept on smart devices
Composition of a Binary File trouble
IDA Python recognize same register
Configuring a C&C for a RAT
Malware static rules?
extract opcodes using radare
IDA Pro macOS kernel debugging and lldb support
Adding additional language to Linux based Firmware of Volkswagen Car Radio
Reversing C# exe,Questions.Help
Assuming you know everything about a hardware platform, can you reverse the BLOB that is required for its operation?
How do you compile a C program with missing symbols?
What is an "addend"?
How to bypass certificate pinning on OS X and Windows
Big patches for memory dumps
Pyemu - cannot use PEPyEmu() module, Python
Decode RubyEncoder
ELF64 Reflective Loading
Radare can't seek to _start symbol
Unknown game file decompress
Is there a way to get the headers with the Radare output?
Can more than one person disassemble part of a file?
Issues with reversing LZSS compression algorithm
Upgrading IDA Free 5 Database to IDA 7 Freeware
How to add code to compiled java class
AT&T - Does assembly code return whatever is in %eax by default?
No apparent entry point for stripped, PIE binary using radare2
Finding JTAG/UART Connections
How can i start the RE process in radare2?(make changes to the registers)
How to change a string in a arm 32bit lsb executable binary using radare2?
Arm hex firmware reverse
Whether samples downloaded from virus share can execute automatically in my computer
PE: Strange entry in debug directory (Type: 0xc)
[B symbol in java bytecode
How to get back to program's main code (user-space) while attaching to de bugger
Find function's caller locations
How to add new language to ARM firmware
reverse engeeneering the 3d file of a game
Failed to use IDA to remote android debug
How to find the name of the method in Managed Code using Windbg and SOS?
can't edit class file with recaf.0.9 without re-compile
hooking sleep & beep syscalls
How do you use the Radare debugger with command line arguments (parameters)?
Which RE tool is missing?
How do I hook API to get realtime stock price data?
IDA search results not showing up in a separate window
explain java bytecode
Windows x86 compability on x64 operating system
How does this EB F2 x86 instruction work?
Decompile lua from Unity Games
serial protocol patterns
Disassembling Hex to assembly, then what?
Object references representation in pseudocode
How to find ELF symbol table reference?
Tools to translate x86-64 ELF to PPC (or i386 decompilation)
Odd convention for accessing elements of an array?
Dis-assamble .exe file to .asm in IDA Python
IDA Pro 64bit offset and opcode issue
IDA Pro Alternative for JavaScript?
How to identify SWD (Serial Wire Debug) pinout?
How should I name static functions in IDA?
What does this line of assembly do ? how am i to interpret it?
How to properly label ALL structure members of C-style struct in IDA Pro
Radare using `pd` without the call graph lines?
Where are the arguments to this D3D11CreateDeviceAndSwapchain call stored in x64?
Commands to step into and step over, outside of visual pane mode
Rootkit.Fileless.MTGen Reverse Engineering
Instruction without "apparent" previous instruction
Binary encryption
Process Memory Viewing Tool
Tutorial or resource for understanding obscure Assembly idioms?
Hex timestamp decode
calc_switch_cases() in IDApython, can't iterate over results
What is the meaning of IDA Pro's Local Variable Syntax?
Radare produces a bunch of `add byte [rax], al`, but why?
What are the .cpp files in IDA disassembly
What are modern techniques of reverse engineering?
How to set breakpoints in GDB on remote target without an executable?
Change binary without damage
How to exploit an suid root application
Magic number in resource loading routine
Converting object file to LLVM bitcode
mov dword ptr[eax], 1 is invalid in Hopper Disassembler?
How can I circumvent rdtsc when used as an anti-debugger technique?
Extract firmware from a usb device like for example a USB stick
IDA: call a function with different arguments
IDAPython: How to get function argument values
IDA: How did you try to change it?
Reverse Engineering 8051 firmware
Finding OEP in a VMProtect v3.0 protected malware
Get original .dll file from .dmp?
How does IDA create COMMON, ABS and EXTERN segments of ELF-file?
help needed to understand this pseudo code from ida and possibly recreate it
binwalk showing "Unix path", how to extract the filesystem?
Compute stack frames while edit java bytecode
Need some pointers to decode/decrypt/unobfuscate JSON files (updated with related scripts)
How to paste 30-(N) number of assembly code to ollydbg
Parsing .rodata (ELF)
How add String.equals to java bytecode (Krakatau)
Do IDA Python plugins work with IDA free or only IDA pro?
What are the unk in IDA pseudo code?
Debug vs Release binaries - Overflow detection
found easter egg (incl releasing trigger) in as code, but no clue how to fire it
How do I resolve addresses relative to a register in IDA?
Can I step through a binary with IDA (eval version), reading registers step-wise?
Tool besides ida to get high level code
Ida- how to find connection between 2 functions
What's the easiest way to remove an import from the import table?
How to find out if PE executable was compiled with gcc or VisualStudio?
Undefined instruction in Go binary compiled for ARM
How does the ldr instruction work on ARM?
What is an immediate value?
IDA pro obfuscation instance
Unpacking UPX OSX files
deobfuscating javascript injected into Wordpress
How to find CLSID from CoCreateInstance in IDA?
Newbie here: hidden values in assembly?
How to patch a binary file and save it?
Does IDA support remote debugging in their Freeware Version?
Macho - remove a LOAD COMMAND from iOS binary
Test malware files in host machine?
running iOS debugserver on non-jailbroken devices
IDA 7.0 not recognizing plugins (Eg. ScyllaHide, IDAStealth)
Static Offset in PE
IDA SDK: Event when database created / opened?
Ruby on Rails Code Analysis
explain c compile code
Patching branch on assembly code
How to modify strings and funtions reference detection in IDA pro?
Tracing function calls in x64dbg
Radare2 create section
loading memory dump into ida pro?
Help in the process arm disassembly
How to force IDA pro to list some bytes as a specified instruction?
JTAG protection bypass
C representation of simple assembly
How to View the Address Referenced by QWORD PTR
How to deal with heavy control flow flattening?
How is a keygen made by reversing a software?
how to find the strings values in a comparision using ollydbg
Need help in compression algorithm identification
Identifying unknown chip - markings erased
De-obfuscation - Emulation-oriented vs Script-oriented
IDAPython Decompile - connect assembly to pseudo-code line
Arm ldr diffrent between # and =
Windasm32 cant allocate enough memory to display 151680 lines
Why IDA shows return statement in separate subroutine?
arm branch calculator
How can I set an address to be a relative offset pointer in IDA Pro?
How can I mark a global variable as an offset using IDAPython?
Does someone recognize this "lookup table"? (used for xor encryption)
radare2- Unable to use wopO command
Alter /proc/cmdline for QEMU emulated process
Is it possible to set breakpoints relatively to the memory block in x64dbg or a similar debugger?
How ida choose arm Thumb/Thumb2
Is this obfuscation?
Run program until completion without debugging step by step
View static field values in dnSpy
Intel PIN (TracerPIN): adding modification of registers
I have an old Macbook A1342 that broke. Is there any way I could repurpose the LCD and give it some sort of video input?
Break anywhere when $r1 equals to string GDB
print [B byte array in frida js script
Dumping dll out of process
Is there a way to see all "values" in memory?
Reverse engineer CAN-Bus checksum
VMProtect keygen, turn off the anti-debugging
Help with a packed date format
CD-ROM CIRC encoder
Why does IDA show wrong function arguments in pseudocode?
Help reversing code which uses ATL::CStringT
Trace back which function called the message box in x64dbg?
Hooking function with C++, IDA and .pdb file
How can I call a function in radare2 debug session?
Is there an IDA disassembler module for IBM 360/370/390?
Edit arm thumb2 intelhex file
How to obtain memory address of string literal?
Remove a mutex on windows (with debugger/disassembler)
How does QPST work and how can I make an app like it?
How to convert pointer and offsets to array in IDA?
Arm function save registers r0 and r1
How does r2dec compare to pdc?
How to tell if a particular .NET assembly was written in C# or F#?
Got `Source Code does not match bytecode` debug a Reversed Android app
How would I begin REing this proprietary model format?
Determining endianness of PE files (Windows on ARM?)
How to find if a given library function is used in a binary?
find equation based on multiple sets of 2 variables and results
IDA Pro - how to export a listing file in batch mode
Why are there absolute jmps in disassembly of position independent code?
Looking for reverse engneer online course
Decrypting SSL traffic from malware
Dynamic Analysis on ELF using IDA
Capstone: What's the purpose of the 'address' argument in cs_disasm()?
How can I deal with exception handler in Visual C/C++ inline assembly?
How can I export only the mnemonics from objdump (or any other program)?
gdb not opening exe file
How to set defualt processor on IDA
would be possible to deobfuscate javascript code?
Break on driver loading with windbg
Finding source of memory modification
Redirecting gdb output to stdout wihile using pwndbg
What is a TROC Filesystem, and how do I mount it?
OnlineDisassembler is down - any alternative?
Changing parameters in an OS X executable
ASM code hook/patching with trampoline function
Disassembler for Renesas RX62 micro
translate arm instructions to hex
Can I provide bytes to Radare to be disassembled?
Disassembly shows `LEA` with RIP?
Printing bytecode in bytes given a string of assembly for Radare to disassemble?
Microcontroller memory dump
Android- hiding private keys in .so file
x64Dbg view jumps to selected command
rasm2 giving different output each time for x64
RFLAGS info and Radare?
Decompile a DLL file from Microsoft Media Creation Tool
Ldr arm thumb2 must be multiple of 4?
What are guidelines to find COM functions definition through a proxy DLL?
.NET: It's possible to recover original source code from compiled .exe when I have all the .vshost, .pdb and compiled files?
How is data transferred from the process’ memory to the console screen?
How do you search for unicode strings?
Radare2- How to see stdout in Visual Mode
Game cheating: Pointers vs Static memory editing
Decoding serial data package
How to list breakpoints in radare2?
Ollydbg to change int length of compiled code
IDA SDK - Rename Variable permanently
Cant debug software with ida
identifying function prototype from dll
Understanding what is represented by function pointers to a block of hex
What does XREF mean?
IDA Pro's Debugger option disssapears
How to update reversed code of an updated application?
FThunks when trying to get IAT
Radare2 Find command line arguments and location in stack
How to extract firmware from a chip ( snarfing)
Start analysis at any position in elf is Entry Point?
idapython：How can I get xref to a stack variable in the form of pseudocode
How to fix anti-debugger with DbgUiRemoteBreakin
Question relating to learning Assembly through CTF challenges
ELF .text infection test
Stripped elf executable with ~3000 unnamed functions
How to skip on int 3 when ida debug?
What is the link between g-recaptcha-response one time token and deciphered audio text?
Cannot debug some drivers with IDA
OSX User level application Preferences (plist) are not loaded after binary modification
Empty Parameter an MessagerBox
Reading logs of commercial app and legality
CRC32 reverse engineer without knowing parameters, but knowing the input value
Failed to set breakpoint (Anti-debug protection)
Binwalk extracted images corrupt?
IDA: Changing type of arguments to local type
Need help with reverse engineering camera-related information in a video game
Radare2 cannot debug on windows 7
Cannot load driver to memory
A newbies question about CFF explorer screen
General x86 to C tips?
verifyError in youtube android app modification
Reverse mips binary with radare2
Best Way to Identify Statically Linked Functions in Firmware
What are the tools use for reverse engineering android apk?
IDA sdk delete user struct member prevent creating gap
Compile C# like C++?
De-compiling a random file format to retrieve the files?
IDC: Get structure id under cursor in "Structures" window?
Split variable in Hexrays decompiler?
Reading params of a text engine function amd86_64
IDA Pro Address doesn't correlate to Immunity Debugger address
During compiling does the compiler add more functions to the code?
"Stepping Into" Exception Handler
bypassing anti-VM inside protected samples
How to reverse engineer mobile app image?
How is the IV generated from a timestamp based on this function?
Why do many imported functions jump to addresses that do not contain instructions?
how to understand branch arm instruction
r2pipe won't prompt for user input like the binary does in r2 debugger mode
Searching instructions in OllyDbg
Question about gdb and memory addresses
IDA Pro: "File is apple protected"
NASM, MASM, Intel, AT&T' syntax?
Cannot Access memory error
Windbg: How to directly view GS:[0x60]
JAVA Decryption - Reverse engineering an Android application
Decrypting SQLite Database with key
Know which bytes are opcode and which operands in IDA
How can i add plugins in x64dbg?
Hex-Rays can't parse switch (bad target for case)
Reverse engineering a USB Fight Stick
What Checksum/CRC algorithm in RF packet?
Some question about IDA
Java Bytecode edit
Identification of AES portion code in binary
How do the new Swedish implantable microchips work?
IDA Pro v7 installation problem in VM
CFF explorer quick dissassembler not showing function name like IDA pro
How to do i fix it when IDA pro mislabels values as loc_
Meaning of code used to find kernel32.dll in shellcode
What exactly is binary disassembly and what it produces?
Fixing IDA Member functions argument order
How can I open id0, id1, nam, so, or til files?
How can I generate the recovery password on a legacy system (Original company is out of business) running on my local machine?
Disassemble/decompile arbitrary JVM bytecode
SAR Instruction
What does _mm_store_si128() actually do?
Basic question: how to input non-printable hex values in GDB / NC?
Identifying code that accesses encrypted overlay in PE
Confused about the value of edx and eax registers used at function entry
Hook function in Linux SO file
Reverse engineering IE thick client
How to specify stack-based return values in IDA Pro (GoLang)
idapython - assign a struct to a stack variable
What are these sub_XXX things in IDA's disassembly?
Backtracing where a register gets initialized
Threads blocking in kernel when I attach, can't control them
Is pointer decryption possible?
Reverse engineering checksum - LG 485 a/c protocol
Decrypting authorization PHP script
IDA 7.0 (freeware) auto-analysis gets stuck in a loop
dnSpy - What do these symbols mean?
Buffer overflow challenge - shell not opening
objdump: can't disassemble for architecture UNKNOWN!
Is there a way to explicitly connect r2pipe to an existing radare2 session that I have open?
IDA: add segments without losing data
Reading from text file and printing it in IDA Pro
Is there an ida plugin that disassemble in visual c inline assembly (visual studio)?
Build Graph Printable String Information in ELF
Position-independent code dectection
WinDbg: Setting a breakpoint on every EXPORTED function of a module
What does _PAIR_ macro do with standard handles?
How do I resolve IDA pro Hexrays aliased local variables?
Why would MSVC pass a constant "2" for an unused this parameter?
Hardcoded addresses in dumped PEs
Parse Opcodes from Binary Code
How do I load an executable into IDA without it correcting relocatable references?
Extracting compressed firmware (NRV) for analysis
Reversing: DeviceIoControl return value
Trying to identify a file format for CTF forensics challenge
ntoskrnl checksum mismatch
Confuse with MOVZX
How to use Hopper Debugger Server
Viewing Radare keybindings for Visual Pane mode (Function hotkeys)?
Would it be possible to reverse engineer a game's rom file to get source code?
Prevent windbg from context switching when stepping into assembly instructions
How do TDBCtrlGrid or TDBCtrlPanel Borland Delphi controls add new text rows?
Basic hello world stack manipulation troubles
Counting number of nodes and edges in IDA Pro graph
How can I fix the problem of IDA view and corresponding HEX view not being in sync?
How to assemble and inject an instruction with GDB?
how can i get real hex values of vdso outputs
What does __return_ptr do in IDA?
Patching a class file inside Jar using bytecode
IDA 7 does not recognize/reference Delphi 16bits Strings correctly
What are the steps to reverse engineering a Shockwave .DCR file?
IDA Pro: Is there a command-line way to generate idb files without generating asm files?
Find out all valid parameters which you can pass to a executable?
help me to understand array?
What are the popular machine learning unsupervised approaches to learning binary data representations?
What is the meaning of single letters in IDA's functions window?
How to override c++ string class with LD_PRELOAD
Map an obfuscated javascript file to the original
Hidden Features of a USB RFID Reader
Help me to understand disassembly MFC or Win32
How to simplify C++ standard template library in IDA?
Explain struct access in assembly?
Decompiling DotNet2JScript malware?
Is IDA resolving ELF relocations correctly?
How to copy binary file with x64dbg\x32dbg after it changed it self
How does a stripped XCOFF binary still remain usable?
Is this Bignum multiplication of 2048 RSA number a Montgomery multiplication?
Automatically find intput required to trigger a specific code path in a program
Shellcode challenge - shellcode works in test program, segfaults in actual binary
IDA: NEC V850. Unable to identify anything
Decompiling or modifying .exe file generated from .jar
Windows 10 v.1803 boot failure after trying to install network kernel debugging with WinDbg Preview
Finding a malware object inside PE file
How to view string references?
Help understand decompiled IDA code
IDA Hex-Rays Decompiler : Show strings instead of offset
Instruction set for code snippet?
Patching a program in memory at a certain point of time
Reverse engineering a VST to learn about signal processing and hopefully help me make my own.
Strange or encrypted ipcam firmware
How to write [sp+local_variable] in radare2
Forcefully interpret code in x64dbg
ARM Thumb2 register usage
Are there tools or plugins for IDA Pro that can find ELF sections?
Determine if an ELF file is signed or not
Trying to understand this construct in Dbgv.sys driver for DbgView tool
Please edit this .exe file. I beg you. At least tell me what can be done(No general answers) Specific please
How do you look for a a particular value at address in IDA
Run a python command with "run" on GDB
sidt, sldt, sgdt, str anti-vm techniques does not work anymore on VMWare 12?
Why is this ARM binary throwing an 'Illegal instruction' error and quitting?
Why SUID Shellcode not working but Basic Shellcode working?
How to view SDK files and is it mandatory to run modified apk on rooted device
Getting R6034 error message when starting IDA Pro
How to add/find parameters to a function declaration in IDA/HexRays?
x86 Assembly Data Types
Unable to use CreateRemoteThread in target process
Movies Anywhere ID?
Reverse Engineering Checksum (RS485 Bus)
How do I find out what section variables and strings are defined in?
Identifying a USB device for a forensics CTF challenge (with no GET DESCRIPTOR)
Can I set more than 4 memory access breakpoints in WinDbg?
Compression algorithm working with bitstream
How can I make sense of an Android NDK library?
Unknown Game Client Data
What does a C++ identifier ending in $_## mean?
What is the info displayed by radare2's afl?
How to make sense of this one pin serial communication
How identify witch cpu run assembly
Android Reverse Engineering Network Traffic Stack Trace
Help Needed reversing a function inside a DLL
Reverse engineering Nord Lead 4 control board
IDAPRO from command line interface: Exporting IDB file to BINEXPORT file
Does Google encrypt APK when downloading it from Play Store?
Hopper: What does stack[xxxx] mean?
How do you print fixed width strings with radare's print format `pf`?
How to unpack Inno Setup bundles with Arc+SREP data?
Radare -c but exit afterward
Radare -Q leaking, and does it even matter?
Question about the limit and base address in x86-64 segmentation model?
Why would an ELF SHT_REL section contain relocations outside the section its sh_info refers to?
Import symbols containing strange characters
x64dbg - see the current position?
Search strings in multiple files/processes/modules (x64dbg)
Radare2 - Insert asm instructions without overwriting
How to detect internal and shared libraries used in an executable file?
How to create executable COM file from hexdump code of msdos 8086
Hooking flash player dll
Fixing up data sections of a malware sample in IDA database?
Finding a particular call to an offset within a vtable using pattern matching
How to identify when a function is being called using IDA?
What is the difference between Windbg and local debugger in IDA
How to reverse a java thread to get its origin
How to hook into OpenSSL shared library?
SPI Flash, how to find the System memory addresses?
How to move one step back in a debugger
How to make type libraries from Windows 10 SDK and DDK?
How do I reset the "don't ask me again" checkbox in an IDA popup?
How to identify known encryption algorithm?
Shellcode issue
How can I access an internal DLL function or piece of data externally?
Which ARM command is influencing the SP position?
Is this firmware using a substitution cipher?
How to get closing message from IDA Pro?
Dump c++ class definitions from .exe + .pdb on windows
How decrypt hexadecimal javascript code?
Is IDA pulling my leg - or can REX.W sometimes not be determined in static analysis?
Translating ida macros and pseudocode into C++/C
Visual Win32 (UI) style?
How do I find all references to an address with a memory segment?
Patching an ipa (iPhone app) using Hopper Disassembler
gdb debug show error "not in executable format: file format not recognized"
Ida break point on address changed
Understand help me array in assembly?
index of array in assembly?
ELF binary corrupted after adding instruction in non-executable section
Figuring out where 2 executions of the same process differ
Resolving FLAGS bits with IDA
more memory allocated on the stack than seems to be needed
radare2 not showing function names
How can I reverse this recursive function?
How to unpack(carve) files from a camera firmware .bin file?
Install and configure script language bar on IDA from IDC to Python
how to calculate max possible stack size utilization
Why is vdso remapped after setting stack space to unlimited?
*.abs (sfw) emulation in Qemu - MIPS (abs = Amiko,Skybox,OpenBox, Cryptobox,... file firmware)
Ignore some locations in Windbg Conditional breakpoints
ODA generates data segment instead of code (8086 COM hexdump)
Is it possible to access the higher part of the 32-bit and 64-bit registers? If so, which ones?
How to solve anti-patch protection involving NtContinue?
Moving integer to xmm register
How do I decode this JavaScript code?
How do I create an ASCII string in OllyDBG?
How to install ida plugin to identify encryption function
Getting to the specific offset in assembly code
How to see ReadFile results with ProcMon
How does array indexing works at the assembly level?
ODBC Finding the password an application uses to access the database
What does this mean in OllyDbg: function+hex value
My Shellcode is in a non-executable part of a Windows executable. Is there still a way to execute it?
Recreating a lzma archive (non-streamed)
frida hook jni not work
IDA - Remote debug on linux
How to find the executable code of the native method in the library * .so? (Android)
How to refer to the same call on separate IDAs
How to debug slow Windows API calls?
How to see all my comments on idb file
How to stop debugging while a specific value is on the stack?
Is there a good place to search information about known DLLs?
Find out where the string comes from (in Browser)
Is there any way to get value from bytecode under JDWP without access to source?
Addition Function Parameter Location in Assembly Stack Memory
Trying to change JE to JNE in x32dbg for instructions that change
What is the format of this binary file?
Lea instruction on datasegment
Radare2 debugging - How to get into lazy imported functions?
Could someone explain how this ARM instructions works compared to the actual Objective-C code?
Why can I see certain strings when PE is opened with a hex editor or a simple static analysis tool but not with IDA?
IDA fixups, why and how
Thread EntryPoint in TLS callback as AntiDebug technique
What location is this and what does it signify - "d:\w7rtm\minkernel\ntdll\ldrinit.c"
(iOS lldb) Unable to debug past a splash/loading screen
How to Modify this Branch in ARM64?
How to find start of .text section?
Radare2 - How to save/restore metadata in debug session (BPs, flag, comments..)?
Radare2 - How to scale panel height in visual panels mode?
How to breakpoint exe tcp packet
does android apk contain game mechanics?
Outputting a patched DLL from x64dbg
Trace back Offset Function
Understanding Program Arguments on the Stack in Assembly
Detect interesting testcases
Installed IDA 7.0 Freeware -- no debugger, is that installed separately?
What are zero terminated strings below vftable in RTTI?
Can AI be used to write better decompilers/disassemblers?
Analyzing a Revit project file
How debug process that not started with ida?
android unity intercept w/ Frida
Why doesn't this retn instruction return from the function?
getting the static address/offset of a variable
Reverse Engineering Challenge 2 from challenges.re
What are these LOAD segments in an assembly ELF64?
Android 7.0+ Monitoring application HTTPS requests
What is the difference between IDA and OllyDbg?
grep -E with Radare2
Interpreting clipboard data from HMI software
Obscure router refuses to flash OpenWrt
How to use Python while debugging in IDA
Can Radare2 emulate null pointer exceptions and others?
How do I tell OllyDbg where my source code is?
Seeking front end for MinGW gdb debugger
Catch connection string between exe and mdb
How to change immediate to reference using IDA API?
Binwalk does not show anything when process binary
Keygenme - Key location
How can breakpoint be set using offset in ELF file, not virtual address?
How to breakpoint atached process with ida when move on
IDA function never called and only cross-referenced as data
What is the difference between xrefs and stack trace?
What are the legal consequences of reverse engineering a program and telling the creator how you did it?
Reversing video protocol for chinese drone so i can view the stream outside of the app
File Decryption Problems
What's the meaning of dword_XXXX and offset dword_XXXX in IDA?
Why doesn't IDA break on the WriteFile function?
Hybrid binary analysis tool
Challenges to learn jemalloc exploitation on FreeBSD
When I write into a memory address in gdb, is it an absolute address or PC-relative address?
Data moved after program rebase
Binary Analysis Tool (BAT) no longer maintained - alternatives?
Immunity error BB010002
Cannot open '/proc/.../maps': No such file or directory in radare2 debug mode
Show parameters stored in stack with __fastcall in IDA
Decipher variable length serial protocol
FLIRT Signature Applied, IDA shows references but no auto rename?
Generate c like pseudo code from objdump output
How to interpret disassembled MIPS code?
Is deobfuscation of my javascript code hard or easy?
Trap Flag - Anti-debugging trick
Why are these 0-byte jumps used as a delay?
Generate this assembly from a c program
Passing a (string) argument via the return address?
multiple base addresses?
What does ds mean in mov instruction?
Missing Map from Java Native Method to C Code
debugger trap with angr
Win32 SEH address
How to watch communication between 2 processes?
Why code subtracts 60 from esp when the length of the variable is 64
How can I view in-memory strings of a process on Linux (Ubuntu)?
extract zImage from MS-DOS executable
Comparison between orginal and modified DLL files with x64dbg
Does x64dbg display the whole memory info even for a simple program opened?
How to find a memory address of variable?
Can't trace MIPS embedded device remotely
Finding RegisterNatives function calls in JNI_OnLoad's assembly code
When to create a keygen versus when to bypass the security jumps
How should I got about working out the format for this psp game?
How to use API monitor on specific process
IDA PRO does miss calls when tracing
Trying to identify block of code which generates 256 bit key
Why is it "safe" to write to ModuleBase.exe+0x100, and possibly other header offsets after PE is mapped to memory?
How can you explore behavior in malware that is not being performed?
Building custom image with firmware mod kit
How do i find the decryption key for a encrypted text file
IDA PRO - .id0: b Tree error: file open error: permission denied
Obfuscated code analysis - can unused variables be ignored?
What is ObjectStublessClientXX in ole32dll?
Load .IDL / TypeLib into Ida Pro
IDA Python call func from idb names with specific arguments
Resource Hacker and IDA PRO
Determining file format of an OBB
How determine correct checksum algorithm for this NFC Data?
Reverse engineer CRC16
Is there any way to call function instead of breakpoint, when certain memory area is accessed or register value is matched?
Using debug symbols of an older exe for a newer exe
What does "Process exited cleanly (number)" mean?
Trying to hook DirectX9 using C++ - Keeps crashing
Missing kernel32.dll in import table
Is it possible to check what engine was used to produce an Android game?
IDA PRO "try{" comment
How to debug a crash in wow64.dll in 32bit process
How to protect memory area, not segment or page!
Is it possible to get the formula out of a blackbox using neural network
Change value of an IF condition found in IDA
Attempting to RE DI-8002W Dlink Firmware. Cannot find file system
IDA PRO run patched program from debugger without creating new exe
IDAPython Code <-> Data
Injecting exe file into process fails on windows 7 but works on windows 10 / Execution library function fails, access denied
How to find V-Table in IDA? (Using class informer)
What are the first 16 bytes in .rodata section?
x64dbg flow-indent style trace logs
How can a Javascript file drop .exe written in Visual Basic without network communication?
Batch rename functions knowing their prototypes in IDA Pro
Do all class instances have a relative address/offset and can i make a copy of any class pointer?
OD mode change from kernel to normal
How to get rid of this error during pointer scan?
Does V-Table patching (via DLL injection) only work for COM objects/classes?
What does this magic number do?
immediate value change when start debugging
Algorithm to find secret cipher S-box in bin file
How to reach functions triggered by non-standard buttons?
Why do we need to know the address of shellcode?
problem with scanf/fgets in angr stdin exploration
radare2 labels are not displayed in jmp instructions
Game's anti-cheat complains when driver test-signing mode is on
Is there any way to access assembly-csharp from installed apk? (unity game, gamedata)
Capstone in reverse mode
Automating bypassing anti-debug checks
Older versions of IDA free?
Proxy debugging tool doesn't capture traffic from some online games
angr multiple reads same variable
GS Cookie and exception handlers
How are images found inside DLLs accessed?
How do I reverse this firmware? 8-bit handheld console
Can de4dot deobfuscate Dotfuscator Professional?
How to dump a firmware from an old cell phone with Linux?
Using ECX after being modified by a function call
How to set hardware breakpoint by value?
How does the XADD instruction modify the Zero Flag?
Why IDA define negative offset?
How to set a Mouse Click BreakPoint in OllyDbg?
How to identify the purpose behind a bitmask?
How do the AI in Pokemon battles work?
Debug a windows service entry without windbg
Instruction counting anti-debug
Are some special chars(<>) in function names not supported by windbg/cdb?
Purpose of test eax,eax after a strcmp
RtlCheckSandboxedToken
What is the difference between stripped binary and obfuscated binary
Guessing checksum 8 bit ASCII algorithm
OllyDBG - Game Hacking
What is _bittest macro?
Find schema and info of MS SQL Server to which I have access to
Understand hardware breakPoint option in ida
Is there a tool to reconstruct .reloc section?
IDA PRO - compare running process
IDA plugin to view hex bytes similar to objdump
IDAPython Script works from "Script File" but not when run with -S from Terminal
Why do obfuscators remove line numbers, and can I safely leave them in?
XMM register instructions and their c equivalents
What kind of date stamp is this?
Headers for `iz` and such in key=value format?
random address in call instruction
Need Advice for the purposes of learning
VirtualProtect failed to revert protections on mrdata section of ntdll, why?
Correct my understanding on a basic allocation memory
Heap Chunk Structure Does Not Contain Previous Section Info
I have control to EIP but no have idea when put the shellcode - not have any dll return adress
Finding a specific malware sample
Where can I find documentation for the name mangling scheme used by SunPro CC
Reversing Arduino mega bytecode
I want to trace all instructions with pintool. Strange behaviour
pintool add metadata like radare2
Windows : Which process sent TCP/IP packet?
Monitor all changes done by function
EDB /usr/bin/xterm
How does U-Boot get from this environment to booting Linux?
What does "Missing cjmp bb in predecessor" mean?
find a dialog in ida using resource hacker
How do I perform concolic execution with Angr and collect constraints on input?
someone can help me recognize the vulnerability
What are the difference syscall and int 0x2E instructions?
How to get execution time of IDC script?
Naruto Uzumaki Chronicles 2 .RAW Files [PS2]
Why having a function with just one instruction
Found the adress of a function LIBC without GDB
Recognizing instructions containing low-level control flows
General unpacking of packed malware
How to get meaning of flags by integer
Get function from memory address with radare2
Disassemble all functions with radare2
Symbolic simplifications in radare2
How to calculate checksum from known data?
Addresses displayed in radare2
Help reverse decrypt function (decode -> encode)
Killing thread/process from Frida trace
.app file firmware unpacking
Syscall from ntdll.dll
WHY and WHEN do we need SEH for buffer overflowing
Disassemble ELF - PC is set to 0?
Android APK reversing - Can't find the Main Class
Reverse engineer a ARM-v7a function
Automating a crackme solving process
ELF - The start address of .got section is different from the entry point address of the GOT(global offset table)
How did this 80286 detection code work?
How to find first/next instruction in IDA trace via IDC
Are the names of COFF Data Directories fixed?
Prevent game from pausing on lost focus (Fallout New Vegas)
Is there any way to capture the state of an application so as to restore execution of it later?
On ollydbg how do I find a string in code that I find on memory map?
Find MFC class memory layout automatically in IDA?
Windbg's "dt" equivalent in IDA?
How do you un-obfuscate JS code that is evaluating your browser environment?
How to know the arguments of a Linux syscall?
Can I see Stack and Heap value/addresses from this simple C# program process?
Remove Binary from IDA Database
Disassembly - Why the CMP instruction is multiplying by 2 the value being compared
OllyDbg "runs away" when stepping over wininet.HttpSendRequestW
How detect version of VMProtect
What is the password to this file? I can't figure it out with radare2 or gdb
Firmware analysis, can't find file system
Joysmade USB/WiFi microscope
How to find out all the locations that call an external function using ida pro?
Can't find the password anywhere in the binary
Extract firmware images from COTS embedded devices
Calculation of jmp address through subtraction
Working with 16bit offsets and segments in Radare2
Extracted router file execution
Getting opcode Length , How to
replacing static value with variable
(MacOS) disable codesign check / run codesign on multiple files
Move twice, from and to the same location
.NET assembly IDA PRO, using LDSTR IL op code, how to patch a string?
Can't identify checksum type in unknown RS485 protocol
RE Zyxel PMG5318-B20C JFFS2 vmlinux.lz
What to do with .dd files?
gdb don't break when I use exec-wrapper script to exec my target binary
How can you get the symbol visibility with radare?
How to convert IDA Pseudo code casts to Array
Need help identifying main processor for Roland synthesizer
how to find private Key and passphrase stored inside a program?
Need help understanding XOR cipher
Explanation of SBB instruction
Extracting SquashFS based filesystem
IDA Debug DLL with non exported function
IDAPython: Get the operand string without any substitutions
How can I decompile the CC2650 .hex file to C?
Is Dynamic Binary Instrumentation legal in UK/EU for malware analysis?
How to get index register from the instruction in IDA?
How to step to specific function call?
What's a decompiler that can be extended to new architecture, and how can I do it?
EEPROM data bytes verification
What is a "trit"?
What does this assembly language program output?
How are __argc and __wargv globals exported from a 64-bit PE file compiled with Visual Studio?
Deobfuscate PHP that contains - goto
Analyze raw assembly using IDA Pro
Need help understanding IDA Pro pseudocode
How to dump firmware from R5F71424 MCU
Recovering data from mystery signal
Reverse Engineering Flat Data File
Radare2 webui - need help setting it up
Is the value of EBP before the main function important?
Inversion of input parameters in ASM
Has there been any success in using deep learning for reverse engineering?
How can you use modprobe nandsim for two chips?
Legal Reverse Engineering for Security Review in US for Korean Provided Module
Figuring out what a segment of assembly code does
C# Hidden Method through transparent proxy object?
How can I convert this assembly code (x64) to C?
Converting Assembly x64 code to C
Importance of Compiler Version in generating a signature
Unable to install ltrace on Kali
.00cfg section in the PE file
Point-to analysis of IDA Pro
Find base address and memory size of program debugged in gdb
SCSI interface through USB
Understanding branch delay slots for reversing MIPS
IdaPython Get Call Destination for Register Operand
How to see all of my changes in idb?
How to execute a specific shellcode with a non executable stack without using format string? (without ASLR and stack cookie)
Why there are two different shellcodes for bin/sh with much different syntax and which one is better to use? (x86)
Radare2 Call $+5 and register-based cross-references not found
Why is the process crashing after executing my injected payload?
getting %localappdata% in asm
How is PTX compressed in a fatbinary?
Wrong RVA values inside IMAGE_IMPORT_DESCRIPTOR
generating byte file with IDA batch command
How are ARMv7 assembly opcodes and operands stored in bytes?
new process id generated during gdb debug
How to search for Opcode 0xFF25 in IDA Pro?
GDB MI output vs. stdout
gdb for main and input parameters
What is this RS-485 communication protocol/
Is there any way to get my own image base without calling any WinAPI functions, such as GetModuleHandle?
RE4B challenge 65: how to determine the first dimension of the array?
Need help to reverse engineer a dog collar transmitter
How can I update IDAPython for IDA Pro?
Reversing characters from argument of the program
x86-64 bit Buffer Overflow, help with overwriting %rip
Reverse-engineering a weird 24-bit possibly not CRC checksum
Payload in simple buffer overflow exploit redirecting %rip on x86-64 Ubuntu 16.04 LTS leads to early (meaning before %rip is overwritten) segfault
What is the OllyDbg SFX Feature equivalent in IDA Pro to find the OEP?
IDA Pro is showing Function names for a Stripped Binary
How many registers does an x86_64 CPU actually have?
Unable to resolve the symbols for a statically linked binary in IDA Pro
Calling undocumented kernel functions directly (xxxSendInput and xxxMouseEventDirect)
Find out string encoding/shift of proprietary binary file format
Where should I hook more to analyze android Bluetooth communication?
Has anyone reversed Wyze cameras?
Reverse engineering Windows Defender's signature for Metasploit Framework's metsrv.dll
How do I view the registers as signed intergers?
Passing input to program in Remote Debugging with IDA Pro
Remote Debugging Linux Binaries - Stack Address Changes?
Does RAX2 support setting bit width?
Need help understanding a complex mathematical password checking function?
XCHG RAX, RAX: 0x03, what does this code do and how does it work?
DLL starting with DCD
XCHG RAX, RAX: 0x09, what does this code do and how does it work?
Reverse Engineering And Rendering Old Image Format .CEL
Changing local variable in caller from callee in C?
Can someone please help me reverse engineer this assembly code to C please!
Windbg Break Points
Finding the main function without symbols
.exe file to .class, decompiled to .java, how to put back to .class?
What does the `$r` do in `pd $r`?
`dmi libc puts~GLOBAL` does not show puts, just putspent?
Multiple decompilation failure with ntoskrnl
IDA 7 handling strings in debugger pseudocode
Blackmagic Pocket Firmware Modifikation
What is the right way to pack a payload with Python3's pwntools
Emulating Routers and other Embedded Devices with QEMU
What does paddr, baddr, laddr, haddr, and hvaddr refer to?
Pwntools shows, "Got EOF while reading in interactive"?
Can I search Radare's help system?
IDA Pro's debugging - Stack view , Register values and ASCII decoding
How to use IDA Pro debug Android Application?
Check if instruction is reached
Intercept traffic from exe to my Java server
Understanding ESIL
Reversing a Java digest function, with known public key and source code
Cannot load a Floppy Disk image with Bochs emulator
Searching for a sequence of bytes in IDA
Reverse engineering key fob checksum
Radare2: pd command ignores cfg.bigendian setting
How to calculate the checksum algorithm with data captures
Manually unpacking upx
What's the fastest way to set a breakpoint when a value I know gets written in memory, if the memory address is different each time due to ASLR?
radare2 difference between function offset and minbound
Find vtable without complete object locator
Debugging a process running in a Virtual Machine with Radare2?
Where to find address of registers populated in a binary
GCC adds code involving `ecx` in main?
IDA 7.0 - combine sequence of assembly instructions to a macro
Is there a way to get an instruction count with Radare2?
Bp on memory access in arm deb
How difficult is to decompile C++ file?
How can I get the byte size of an operand in IDA Pro?
x64dbg how to watch all changes after one step
What kind of code would produce this assemby with loads of jump statements?
Extract data from firmware (.bin) file which is compressed or encrypted
int 2eh instead of syscall/sysenter
Getting a high level overview of comparative size differences of binary files?
How do I read the "ascii-art bar of metadata in file boundaries"?
Does the Radare Debugger support STABS?
Does Radare offer the ability to invoke the linker and disassemble a function (import or reloc)?
Techniques for reversing (basic) hash function
Angr never finishes
How to convert Unexplored data in IDA Pro to code？
How to tell when Cor20 starts for DLL's that are supposed to meet ECMA-335?
Is this a good way to get past anti-debugging measures?
Reconstructing Unity APK
How to save Radare2 Analysis?
Writing a file with radare2 `w`?
Is there any way to export breakpoint with IDA Pro?
Reverse Engineering bios of ATM Machine
Why is the RH850G3K processor missing in my IDA?
Why IDA can't find the function named by windbg
Learning fine grained analysis in Radare with `a`?
Radare's `aaaa` and -AA what does it do, exactly?
I want to decompile a exe and change the code to not need Admin to run
Decompile Python for ELF Binaries
Questions about enabling special pool on win32k
Make r2 -i <script> use python3 rather than python2
What functions (in which modules) can be hooked by Frida to access unencrypted data of SSL connections in Java programs running under Windows?
Is there any JTAG or UART port on the NES Classic?
Run any line/command in x64dbg
How to find which event is bound to which GUI part
Reverse Engineering Linux Core Dump
Writing ELF headers in Radare?
Gdbserver and idapro
How do I know where an Allwinner R16 CPU stores the firmware image in memory?
obtaining string value from Unknown elf-x86-64 binary with gdb
How to disassemble a packed .NET executable?
Reverse crypto algorythm, based on AES
How can I intercept syscall libc function in C++ without writing any code in C file
idapython cfunc_t.treeitems always empty
Get interface definition of undocumented COM objects
Reversing Android BLE Application not showing in logcat
Re-engineering to create UML Diagrams from .NET binary assembly
Any ideas on how to decode Photoshop Liquify .msh files?
How to identify different memory regions of an elf binary in radare2?
How to run ida in windows xp
API to force reanalyze of function (Alt-P)
Is there any ready-to-go malware analysis/reverse engineering OS? (That is capable of installing on hard disk, preferably)
How to see all functions that called with debugger
Is there a way to modify number of reads/writes to/from a memory address?
IDA remote linux Debugger attach to a running process
While loop function disassembly x86
What does fs and gs registers provide in Linux?
Analyzing and deobfuscating complex JS code
Is v8's --print-bytecode safe?
Why do I get e8 00 00 00 00 for all libc function calls?
How to load firmware x86 BIOS into IDA Pro 7.0
Common practices for 'hiding' a class within an Android application?
OllyDbg vs x64dbg - Is there anything in OllyDbg that is not available in x64dbg?
(ILSpy) System.BadImageFormatException: Format of the executable (.exe) or library (.dll) is invalid
How to detect obfuscator (de4dot shows: Detected unknown obfuscator)
(de4dot) The file isn't a .NET PE file
How to remove all goto statements in pseudocode?
Executing MIPS binaries on Ubuntu Linux
Linux Assembly Syscall
What is happening with these exceptions in OllyDbg?
Getting function arguments with IDA: When do function prototypes exist?
mprotect syscall not working
Basic Blocks and Data Flow Analysis
Assemble function of IDA Pro not working properly
Difference between Proxmark3 rdv4 & Proxmark3 evo
Patching an app that updates frequently
View XMM registers in IDA Pro while debugging
Reverse engineering a bar code's check digit
How to locate an specific data structure in an executable?
IDA does not create Vtbl structs for child classes loaded from PDB
Call instruction changed while running
How to convert assembly to pseudo code?
Question regarding ASLR
Extracting Firmware file from Wireshark Dump
Nested Structures in IDA
Problems with extracting firmware
Get Multiple Function Names for One Address in IDA
Manually unpacking DarkTequila, stumped. Can anyone help?
Find address of kernel function
Checksum error when flashing modded firmware on embedded device
How to get the memory-mapping (e.g. library) that contains a given address in Radare?
Reverse engineering Infostealer.Dyre
IDA SDK: How to add a struct (pointer) field to a struct?
How does API call work on Android (NDK)?
Is there a standard character encoding that is ASCII minus control characters?
Reverse engineering Nextbike API and random 16 character pre-shared key
VMProtect anti-debug method
How should I approach reverse engineering this text encoding?
How can I make IDA understand this switch statement with a signed jump table?
moving info from one register to another using dot, powerpc
Radare2 doesn't update current address, when single-step debugging using `ds`?
How to make Radare2 automatically disassemble next instruction after each `ds` debug single-step?
Unable to unsquash from a firmware dump
Analyze all functions with radare2
How is DS register interpreted in x86-64 assembly instructions?
Can't find SetCooperativeLevel call in disassembled program
Why can't I decode this UART signal?
How to patch JNI library to call functions on Linux
Step Over not working in GDB
IDA Dump Memory
Finding decompress algorithm for unknown compression
Reconstruct InnoSetup file with existing CompiledCode.bin
Can't decompress firmware
What is the difference between kernelBase.dll and Kernel32.dll
What purpose of MOVZX EAX,AX after MOVZX EAX, WORD PTR [RBP+ADDR.SA_DATA]?
How to save (trace) the execution route/sequences in debugger and Replay?
How to copy video address from tweet?
Impossible to execute a program with radare2 : TO DO continue
Explenation about opcode and operand
How to run part of exe file that is being reversed
Strange Message after manipulating an exe file
pwntools shellcode narnia2
Instrumentation fail when app use far jump 0x33 crash
dongle check happen before a debugger start debugging
Sentinel HASP Hardlock - Where is the Secure Storage Located on disk
Enumerating (name, addresses) in PLT of an ELF file without elf.h
What is __sighandler_t struct and purpose of SIGTRAP signal handler
Reversing PE32 executable - CTF Question
Can Machine Learning be used to develop better reverse engineering tools?
How do I interpret the mangled functions name?
Find function in a stripped dynamic ELF library
How to decompile ARM (iOS) to Objective-C using IDA?
Help with a pointer
.fpk firmware unpacking
RSA Decryption?
Android APK is somehow verifying package signatures without calling PackageManager.signatures
Can't find debugger in IDA PRO menu
What are those instructions doing?
Issue with debugger - black screen and freeeze after loading game executable
How to wrap dump process and execute it in another PC
Simplifying assembly
How to determine number and/or boundaries of linked object files in a PE generated by Visual Studio 6?
How to reverse engineer a Black Box?
Why does -A (aaa) analysis show much more information, when using the -d (debug) CLI option in Radare2?
Why are there so much more functions in ida than my source code?
IDA Interpreting mov instructions in a unusual way
Confused about a firmware binary
Lots of mov instructions into ebp+offset - What is happening?
IDA rename argument in all xrefs to function
Detect compression algorithm in .NPK archive
Debug point not hit with radare2
Meaning of cmp byte ptr [EBP-9], 0
how to get per-function memory accesses using PIN tool
UE Megaboom serial protocol
How to dump firmware from car head-unit (VW Radio)
Show arguments while debugging
capturing the sub processes's PID of a process
How to identify base64 encode/decode in assembly
Why dont use memcpy?
How to identify which iOS kernelcache is installed?
rip adress not visible with dr command
Reverse Engineering Grocery Software API
IDA - large jump table, missing cases in analysis
Undocumented MSR Machine Specific register
Sniffing serial Bluetooth traffic on Android
How to export function from exe file?
Motorola Freescale mpc564 microcontroller
Identification of RF hash algorithm
Certain bytes in the memory (RAM) get changed after the program starts. Why?
ROP chain: Buffer Overflow Return Pointer
How is the I/O address space on the PC arranged?
USB 3G Stick changing frequency bands
How does this command modify the condition?
How do the PSHUFLW and PSHUFD instructions work?
Print string at address with radare2
how should i change an instruction to NOP in IDA?
angr with a golang target
Understanding Hex-Rays pseudo code
Function names syntax returned by radare2's afl?
Flash ROM has lower max voltage than read device?
Understanding assembly code: "mov dword" and "mov qword" in main.c
Z80 Absolute Jump to offset in middle of instruction
Start Symbolic Analysis at a Given Address with Angr
Debugger Win32 Local vs WinDbg in Ida vs Ollydbg
x64dbg "System" meaning
Help to identify unknown IC from Microchip
Is there any debugger that supports step-back?
Radare2 Disassembler How Do You Organize Visual Panels (V!)?
How int3 looks like in C
Is it possible to add a label to an ELF executable and then call that label? If so, how?
How do I go about overriding a function internally defined in a binary on Linux?
The callstack does not show the message handler
Looking for crackme with full solutions
Academic journals for latest RE/Malware/Exploitation research?
How to see address in Graph view Ida
Help understanding ARM Assembly example code - loops, set flags and code mnemonics
x64dbg - Conditional breakpoint based on function argument
Unable to figure out how to map segments in IDA
WebSocket debugging in Javascript app gives "401 Unauthorized"
How to identify if buffer allocate on stack or heap?
Android application can't open pasted SQLite database
How to decompile a obfuscated mach-o dylib?
Calculate LEA operand
radare2 how to interpret ascii-art color bars?
Finding "controller vibration" function in game
Why stack canary can be brute-force one byte at a time?
how to use core file in radare2?
Extracting the contents of an unknown archive file format
What is a good resource to learn about how the call stack works while programming in C?
Remote debugger for Linux from one VM (IDA) to another (running the debuggee)
How can a segfault happen during the libc exit call on Linux?
How does ASLR in Windows work?
Unknown parameters in custom signal handler on Linux
There is something else than a "DllMain" in a module for its initialization?
Why disassemble multi-thread binary is hard?
why code at .rodata executes
XOR encryption - How to find the key?
ida pro issue debugging issues with ntdll
Decompressing a .replay file
Debugger always paused in ntdll.Kifastsystemcallret
Print opcodes in trace - x64dbg
.NET Method Tracing with Parameters
Why does vmt hooking not work with instance member in the following case?
CRC8 reverse engineering
Process Immediately Killed
finding file I/O in IDA Pro (actually IDA free)
Solve a function with angr
How to detect md5 and sha256?
What's this obfuscation technique?
Emotet invoice, what is the embedded file inside the word document
Weird qemu behaviour with Freescale Coldfire MCF5282
Which operators use sal, shl, sar or shr
How can I demangle the name in an RTTI Type Descriptor?
Are there any crackme sites made for cheat engine or to practice game hacking particularly?
Tracing calls, rets and instructions with Intel Pin
Combine various sub routines into one sub routine (IDA Pro)
Setting register names in Radare2
Significance of link address 2000 8000 7C00;
Set Breakpoint on ActiveX Property Being Set (No Symbols)
Go back to the function call address
Radare2 does not display the entire assembler code
How to print the value of register with Radare 2
Understand the CPU cycles of x86 instruction bsr/bsf
IDA Hex-Rays: How to find all references to the certain field of all instances of the data type?
Solve an angr function with string parameters
What is this assembly code, fld qword ptr code here doing? Also, how do I store my own value?
Firmware reverse engineering
Jump in the middle of an instruction Coldfire firmware
Angr - Solve for function return value
OTOOL alternative for linux
How to convert hex data to decimal degree latitude and longitude?
How to reverse engineer an elliptical trainer?
Extract a secret from an Android apk or .so file
Jump in the middle trick
Generate software breakpoint other than int3
IDA Hex-Rays: How to SAFELY fix incorrect function declarations?
Calculation with not defined variables?
IDAPython modules: Prefer using idaapi or ida_*, and ignore idc completely?
Argument types not identified when parsing declarations
Password is right, but still wrong?
Is PNF's JEB Reverse Engineering platform written in pure Java?
How to set a breakpoint in an execve'd program in radare2?
Compressed PS2 .RAW File
x64dbg - Locating where data is initially written
decomplied apk with bad parameters
How would I go about finding the 'flag' in this QR image(Capture the Flag)?
How to 'hack' the chat box in an online game
Compare two traces from ollydbg
Help unpacking U-boot firmware
When can trapping be used?
Finding lua C functions compiled binary
How to figure out what happens during <ModuleEntryPoint> in OLLYDBG
CreateThread returns true but thread doesn't run
How to load a color theme correctly in IDAPro?
why does the following non stack shellcode load /bin/sh string without pushing it onto the Stack?
Can anyone please explain the following dissasembly codes?
How can I find my variables in the running process?
How to use "handle SIGILL nostop noprint" with a gdbserver?
Legality on sharing rom dumps on abandoned hardware
Idapython: adding links where a function address is loaded into a register
alphanumeric shellcode
IDA Python get struct type with dependencies
REing GameCube model (GCR) and texture (GCT) formats
Likely protocol determination by chip IDs and connections?
What methods exist for adding new windows form controls into compiled assembly using dnSpy?
Glitch attack on a SPI flash eeprom
Identify ldfld reference in .NET when parsing GetILAsByteArray
Taking a luac file and making a modification
Switching from seg to text in IDA-View
Executing CMP DS:[] by inline assembly inline hooks
Finding lua addresses with ida
javascript hook comparisons
Reverse engineering checksum from RS-485 device
(CTF) Speed up assembly by hooking to an static function
Need help understanding basic buffer overflow
Saving IDA Graph to PDF format?
Tricore debugging tools
How can I see specific memory value by using Hex view in IDA?
Windows 10 will not run hex edited application
fakenet for apps using SSL
why saved rip changed by push？
How to generate .TEXT only asm output in IDM?
How to use aaa in radare2 while in -d (debug) mode?
What's this assembly doing?
How can I edit .dlls that I see in VS 9 Object Browser, but do not show in VS 2017(only shows version information)
Dump packed dll
Assembly that just seems to be a jumble
1990s non windows software keys
Finding function call (with arguments) in ELF file
Find functions names in .init_array section in unstripped library
What is this function doing?
How do I set the return type for this type declaration?
What is this assembly in the `__common` section doing?
What does Scylla/ImpRec are doing? How to reconstruct imports?
Which architecture is this firmware?
Reverse engineer 8 bit check sequence for old unkown protocol
Calling imported DLL functions from an injected DLL?
Bitwise operation between byte and 1?
What does layout of Cutter/Radare2's function dissasembly mean?
Handling __int64 in IDA?
Recommended way to modify assembler instructions in IDA
Determining correct javascript file deobfuscation
How to print eax value with Radare2?
Dumping flash from a running Cortex-M
Returning to usermode shellcode from windows kernel (Win10)
Why Ida pseudo-code translate test as AND?
Reverse engineering file format - ImageLink
2byte checksum for serial traffic
debugging with radare2
Trace back function call
Identifying a toner chip and it's communication protocol to re-program it
what does BYTES_REVERSED_HI and BYTES_REVERSED_LO in an PE signify
IDA Pro not undefining assembly?
Decipher hexadecimal GPS coordinates from UDP message
Reversing Arris BGW210 firmware
How to display the CFG of a function in Ghidra?
How to make IDA load headers of object files?
IDA - floating point operand type
How to use windbg to view assembly code of kernel function?
Does a symbolic disassembler exist?
Fork and Waitpid calls in a CTF linux binary
Is there a way to see & keep track of registers in dnSpy?
Can I stop Ghidra from creating extended references?
Is it possible to change a signed byte to an int in compiled assembly code?
Ghidra define c++ string
Can anyone make much sense of this binary for an embedded system?
DT_DEBUG not filled on dlopen
What is causing \r\n in libnotify?
x86-64 CALL opcode + disassembly
How does the x86 instruction, call 135b<__x86.get_pc_thunk.ax> work?
How to increase decompilation timeout in ghidra?
What this "arw" line means when processing Mach-0 file with Radare2 or Rabin2?
IDA map one memory address to another
How to decompile these LUAs from the Bookworm Adventures games?
How the CMP instruction uses condition flags?
Is there any decompiler, which can produce a compilable result?
Is there any way to execute Hopper scripts from command line?
What is this assembly doing?
OPENOCD Error codes: How do I fix this?
Reverse engineer SharePoint hash algorithm
SIGBUS when trying to trace functions?
exit() syscall within shellcode not working
Get all ordinals from local types view
NSA Ghidra 9 - Is the decompiler open source?
Android application fuzzing
PowerPC ELF32 detecting VLE
How to inject JavaScript into a browser with Frida?
segmentation fault at `mov byte [esi+7], al`
How to export a working elf binary from Ghidra?
GDB: Could not load shared library symbols
How is thumb branch calculated
Vulnerabilities of Binary executed by root
Where can I go to learn about decryption?
What's happening in the assembly main function?
How to get IOCTLs from all NtDeviceIoControlFile function call?
Finding the function of test points on a router
Any way to edit an ELF binary without hex?
How do I decode arbitrary data from a raw extracted binary?
Tektronix firmware XOR puzzle
Reverse engineering a compression algorithm to decompress ASCII text (LZ-variant?)
Ghidra Control Flow Graph
Is there a way to generate a PE from a web assembly module?
Startdard singleton class implementation generate access to TLS memory
How to retrace Database Changes from a Software
how watchpoint on register works
Tool to search known hash/encryption algo in files in Windows
How can I convert the following disassembly code to pseudo code or C code?
Decrypt ibt.sfi linux firmware(Intel Wireless 8265 Linux Bluetooth)
Detecting protected processes and critical processes from windows driver
How can I convert the following assembly code to pseudo code?
Decryption loops
QEMU fpu mode error when attempting to run MIPS binary
Lipo alternate for linux
decompiled android application with only one class [DexProtector]
Android how can i hook native exported functions from a shared library *.so?
IDA Pro - Remote debugging suse enterpris server 10 (glibc2_10 required)
How to load symbols from a symbol server in Ghidra?
how to get address of PE section to jump in while backdooring PE binary
Getting a full trace (every line) from ollydbg
Stop currently running Ida Script mid execution
What changed after Android 8.0?
How to disassemble .mbn files?
Defence against cracking
How can I enumerate and hook into a Windows 10 RPC interface?
Does pwntools provide any Radare2 integration?
Is there a way to perform dex/smali/android class verification on linux or mac?
Frida command not available after installing Frida PIP Python package
IDA PRO Tracing stopps
Not able to find Hard coded strings in the mac executable file
How to determine platform from .bin?
Most efficient way to begin analyzing malware binary
IDA memory mirroring
Is it possible to import an open source framework into a closed source project in ida?
How can third party software show their window on a "secure desktop"?
Reassembling reversed ASM
C# Changing method body in runtime
Permanently load a DLL to an executable
Disassembling Hexagon - Corrupted ELF
Detouring with Unreal Engine 4, importing exe functions
GUARD_PAGE memory breakpoints with gdb?
x64dbg how to set conditional breakpoint on WinAPI function
Modify formula by adding a subtraction
Does anyone recognise following (USB,HID?) encoding method?
Use idapython to print register or memory value when the debugger is running
Unable to decompile C Code
Reverse engineering android native packer
Using GDB to trace guest OS inside a hypervisor, the whole running on Qemu - kvm
Finding function at offset loaded with ADRP/ADD
Calculating offset from push instruction in exe to string in data section
windbg - What is the relation between the VAD (!vad), the PTEs (!pte), and loaded modules and sections (lm and !dh)?
windbg - What does the "Commit" column of the !vad command output mean?
windbg - Why does the GS register resolve to offset 0x0?
How to Decipher assembled code?
How to find functions in IDA Pro/x64dbg
Replacing a function call with it's result in a script
How to make proper stubs with Exception Handlers?
Unity3D Application.genuine implementation
How can I dump the output of this register , the MSR - IA32_VMX_PROCBASED_CTLS2 , to see whether unrestricted guest mode is supported/enabled?
How to deobfuscate native Android library obfuscated with OLLVM?
Get and change function definition IDAPython
Anti-disassembler techniques and IDA Pro
IDA pro - strange switch statement
Is there watchpoints in radare2?
How to debug programs that load from another one? with radare2/gdb
Edit an ELF file (language pack)
In IDA, i want to get symbol by using IDAPython
Java obfuscated methods and params
Get stack references in Ghidra of a function from the java api
Stack trace with GdbServer
dump flash memory with CAN BUS
Illegal instruction fault in stack based buffer overflow
How does Ida suspend threads?
Cannot rewrite the rip even after disabling all the security features
IDA Pro how debug constant function returning different results?
The structure of the Python's marshaled code object (or .pyc file)
Passing hex strings to Radare2
Is it possible to build an equivalent function just looking at the input and output of the original function?
deobfuscating/decompiling extremely complicated javascript
How to examine/edit stack memory contents using radare2 in debug mode?
How do I type in hex input into radare2 debug mode?
View Array Type in dnSpy
What's the effect of adding a REP(N(E)) prefix to a JMP instruction?
Best python framework/library for constructing the call-graph from binary?
Decode C# binary serialization data
use ida python to add a remark when calling a function using register
Debugging Ghidra Script
De-obfuscating code ran through JScrambler 3x via Eval() functions
Finding the correct emulator for programming a renesas sh7722 processor
Help determining pinout for communications port
Can I define custom enum-type to be used in Ghidra as a data type?
How do tools like objdump find names of functions and their start address in ELF binaries?
IDA "unk_XXXXXX" meaning?
Windows GUI app without GetMessage imported?
me_cleaner and fwupd, or manipulating UEFI .cab files
Edit unknown binary file
GetWindowLongPtr with undocumented nIndex of -1
Can any one de-obfuscator this php code
Log all syscalls inside a qemu vm
How to run python script in IDA PRO after each breakpoint?
Fuzz Test Suite for C/C++ Command Line Argument/Standard Input programs
Red text Highlight in IDA Pro
When reopening file lose all information in radare2
Bypassing anti-debugging
How to split ARM code/data from binary in Inmarsat Isatphone Pro?
What type of function gets called using a register instead of address in the binary? how to find the address statically?
Changing pseudocode based on FPU fmul behaviour
How can I know what the executable is missing to run?
Help needed to extract u-boot kernel & rootfs - nxp lpc 3143 processor
Is the main function's name in the symbol table of C & C++ programs always 'main'? if not, how to find the name?
How to find the index of static ilbrary functions in the PLT of the binary?
ISO8859-1 serialization for strings
Do all games have static base addresses for values like gold and energy?
Decoding blob data from a sqlite database into readable format
Unable to extract IP camera firmware
Logging the Instruction Pointer Register
replace variable references with its values at once in javascript file
Is it possible to call external functions?
IDA change string in rdata
Constant pool error
crackme disassembly - are these local variables ever initialized?
In Ghidra what do I need to set so disassembler is in Thumb mode instead of ARM
How to write sequence of machine code in radare2?
Can Ghidra show a function footer in the Listing window
Is it possible to recover the key to a decrypted file?
How can I follow virtual function calls in IDA?
Use ghidra decompiler with command line
How to increment and decrement machine code in radare2?
Difficulty in debugging with dnSpy
How to choose a .NET software protector which will have a small impact on run-time performance speed?
Difficulty decrypting LCG string
How to find the starting address of main function when the binary is stripped and _start doesn't push the absolute address value of main?
How to programmatically add HTML DOM breakpoints in chromium?
How to read firmware from an STC microcontroller?
How do I import function signatures to Ghidra?
IDA remote debugging - non printable characters in parameters
Help reverse engineering a small (60kb) .exe file used for extracting .tga images from a custom container
Handling firmware with many copies of the same code/data in different address spaces
Ghidra pseudocode to Java/C
Help investigating a printer firmware image
function call trace with radare2 or break on all function call
Ghidra rename variable below current line
Program closing even with IsDebuggerPresent Patched!
Handling pointer to middle of struct in Ghidra
getting ecx register from caller
Missing Symbols RtlGetFrame, RtlPushFrame, RtlPopFrame
How do I make a hex literal a decimal literal in Ghidra?
Ida - what is Parse C header file
Forwarding Debug messages to winDbg from specific processes
Simplify two 32 bit expressions into one 64 bit expression in decompilation
radare2 shows main function arguments argv as pointer to char on the stack, not as pointer to pointer to char
How to view registers values in string
(Help)Apk Decomplied unreadable files
Detecting cracked Themida packed malware
Can't install sasquatch tool
How can I extract resource images from Visual Basic 6 Malware
Is it possible to detect visual studio version in compiled .net assembly?
Output address path during .exe execution
How to find out address in binary file (like IDA) with python code only?
Changing a string pointer while debugging
idapython - Scan all possible code paths between start and end addresses
Understand DLL function signature from ordinal
what is Ida Name Tab
String Encoding and Decoding Method
Is this really a function IDA could not decode?
Detecting what causes edited Javascript file to crash entire browser tab
WinDbg does not shows all first chance exceptions
Reversing ELF 64-bit LSB pie executable
Can Ghidra show me the p-code generated for an instruction?
How to extract DVB firmware bin file?
How would I sniff kline data packets
Reverse engineering a nexus freescale microcontroller
Using IDA to find pointer passed to procedure
R13 off by 2 bytes. Any help?
Need help : restoring a netgear dgn1000 v3 adsl modem/router
MEMORY macro in IDA Pro pseudocode
How can I spoof WMI data?
Unable to attach java sources to APK being debugged in Android Studio -- Option not displayed
Explanation of heap shaping technique and how it is different from heap spraying
unsquashfs failed to read SquashFS file
Automate looking for calls to an offset of a structure
Sniffing TCP packets using Wireshark
Renaming shadowed variables in Ghidra
Using an arduino or raspberry pi, how can I drive and control a proprietary diehen servomotor?
picoCTF be-quick-or-be-dead-1 dcrypt simulation with python
gdb - searching for pointers to a given memory region
eip register address not matching with address at breakpoint (breakpoint set at main function)
Is it possible to proxify custom windows application without installing any additional software (programatically)
Analyzing Windows kernel driver
Find out if address store in heap or stack
GetProcAddress with 0 as lpProcName
Which file system is this? file type 0x00, folder type 0x01
All referenced strings using ollydbg
Translating a Korean Exclusive PS2 game ~ hangeul encoding?
x86 shellcode leads to segmentation fault
How to export to *.so file after patching in ghidra
How is sprintf() identified by IDApro?
Decompress from file with crush32
Call Stack vs Intermodular Calls in Ollydbg
IDA Hex-Rays Decompiler Generates ASM Code Issue
How reverse a stripped binary (Find the main function)
What does this function actually do?
Reverse engineering .NET malware - iloveyou.exe
Debug program using peculiar anti-debugging technique
What does ds mean?
Storing a string with with x64dbg
IDA Pro Reset All Stack Pointers to Default
custom virtual machine protection
How to return a list of vtable methods?
accessing nt!Kd_DEFAULT_MASK using dbh.exe
Can you change the architecture in Ghidra after importing?
IDA Copy structure from one database instance to another
How does cartridge protection distinguish an original vs fake cartridge?
Changing entry-point of and ELF file
Large number of exports defined in a PE .exe file
Invert stack view in radare2
How to identify memory access locations
I have a .exe program file compiled using Intel Fortran 8.1. for windows 10. Can I edit the code off the .exe file?
Mysterious chunk of code in IOLI crackme0x06 challenge
Find File System in Firmware
How to Dump a locked PIC
radare2 wrong output
How does IDA provide function names to dynamic calls?
ELF x86 - Why is return address pushed twice?
Is there a way to export all the strings for a certain module in x64dbg?
Automatically detecting and carving images from .doc, .docx and spreadsheets
LD_BIND_NOW doesn’t seem to take effect on ELF PIE executable?
How to generate exe from compiled Python files?
Search string in all binary pesudo-code
Disassembling ARM binary
How to guess the key of XOR encryption in java?
How to call WinApi from a breakpoint in IDA Pro?
'local call from' in x64dbg
How to configure IDA to load .pdb files from Microsoft public symbol server?
Can't find any string with IDA, why?
Reverse engineer Apple T2/SSD driver for linux
How to embed PYZ.-00.pyz_extracted folder with entry .py file to generate exe file?
Hex editing a program to change variable types
Meaning of Flags in ELF Section header?
Modifying apk at java bytecode level
How to know what does the function do?
ASCII strings not showing up in CPU in OllyDbg, but rather in dump
Hearts Game Passing Cards
How to inject some code to ARM .so files permanently?
Is there any way to change the encoding of an exe file?
Unknown three part signature
Can somebody recognize this programming language?
x64 hook Fails on Messagebox
Turning p-code generated by VBA (Visual Basic for Applications) back into VBA
Why decrement a hex value in assembly code?
Understand what Ioctl do
How to prevent angr from taking dozens of hours and GB of memory solving a (seemingly) simple CTF problem
Possibility of converting Powershell to a lower level language
Ghidra - Export namespaces
Template code with 0xcccccccc in every ghidra decompiled function for some executables
Reverse a call to mmap()
Reverse engineering non-standard LIN protocol
Unexpected SEGFAULT when there's apparently nothing that would cause it
Determine what architecture a piece of shellcode targets
Reproduce compilation (ASM) output for library detection - identifying compiler, version & options used
Setting a conditional kernel breakpoint in WinDbg grinds the debuggee OS to a halt
Is it possible to hijack a C++ DLL after it has been loaded into the memory space? How?
IdaPython aob search and rename example
ACCESS_VIOLATION when attaching a debugger
How to list all functions and their memory addresses for specific shared library using GDB/GEF?
Find flag from GO binary challenge
pyelftools relocation section symbols
Receiving "Got EOF while reading in interactive" after properly executing system("/bin/sh") using pwntools
gdb list functions names equivalent for lldb
Reverse Engineering (very) old DOS calculation program
LLDB Cannot calculate virtual address from ASLR slide
To find a keyboard shortcut inside an application
Unity game: Assembly dll embedded inside the exe
Intercept zip decryption key or files from an application
Extracting ARM Boot zImage
IDA freeware (v7.0) exporting Hex-View A
How to redirect stdin in OllyDbg?
How to create executable (create build) from original decompiled exe?
Help decoding this UART serial signal
What is an entropy graph
Process terminating when breakpoint reached
vector table address in mpcXXXX microcontrollers
Decode message in esoteric audio file
angr | populate int array with constraints
Buffer overflow resources
Which countries allow reverse engineering for one of their licences when it permits unlimited software copying, & doesn't forbid reverse engineering?
Reverse Engineering Android ROMS to detect malicious code
Illegal instruction error in simple buffer overflow
Avrdude inconsistent readings
Reverse engineering CRC and rolling code
How to speed up panda?
Radare2 show current RIP and current instruction while stepping
Finding address in IDA from address found in Cheat Engine
Reverse Python Bytecode
what's meaning address inside disassembler
Identify function in cpp static binary
How Do i create a simple Detour Library
Is it possible to bypass the microcontroller on this massage chair without removing it?
Reconstructing struct/union-based IPC protocol wire format
Can i trap SIGSEGV (on a linux) and what are are the conditions to make it works ? (for a crackme)
I am analyzing an exe with x64dbg but I dont see the address 00401000
How can I pass input to my program while debugging it with IDA
Reverse Engineering Temperatures (RS485 Bus)
Determining the hash algorithm used
Using Angr in Vulnerability Research
Trouble when reverse engineering a industrial robot software in order to get some values
how can i decrypt huawei HG531s v1 config file?
Why have two symbols tables?
IDA 7 not dissasembling NEC v20 code
Weird IDA/Decompiler floating point output
Reversing AND / shift instructions used in succession
Dump the value of register into file
Android APK debugging: modify value of smali register
ghidra: how to run a python 3 script with headless analyzer
x64dbg stops at question marks
anti-debugger techniques for shared library
How to pass param to execve to execute cat a file in x64 Asm?
When i try to modify an app it gives an error
find a video file in memory dump of a process
Reverse Engineering a Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) encoding
x64dbg (x32dbg) log registers every step like windbg
OllyDbg - After restarting program, breakpoints lost
Can a device be forced to stop using SSL?
Downgrade HTTPS (strip SSL ) to HTTP on Windows (if possible)
IDA Pro jump to offset of DWORD
Calling functions of a shared object (.so) extracted from an APK
Dealing With x86 Segmentation Overlaps
Find Reference To Resource String In Windows 3.1 16-bit DLL with IDA Pro
Save ida64 database as 32-bit
Dumping and reprogramming the firmware of DarenWaves
IDA taking forever to run autoanalysis on remote Android app?
How to find who use these strings?
Building micro controller memory image in IDA
Confused about address being referenced
Why won't IDA let me name this variable?
Find Target to Call Dword Ptr in 16-bit Windows with IDA Pro
Cyber security student wanting to start learning reverse engineering
Obfuscated Config Files: EHI Files for HTTP Injector
What does -c mean in this Windbg Command Syntax?
Exported DLL function has only stdcall with some offset
Parse / statically analyzing .NET binaries using python
Are there any Java decompilers accurate enough that if I recompiled the result, it should be identical to the original program?
Save Ghidra's control flow graph into a parsable format
Any reason why Ghidra is screwing with this byte in this dissassembly?
Split IDA segment into sub segments
What is actually loaded here and different hexdump outputs on util-linux hexdump and on cutter and ghidra's hexdump
Dump value of register using frida
How to identify the encoding performed on this string
Change IDA pro dissassembly to linear sweep
write radare2 output to a file
How to virtualize part of a code like VMProtect does?
Find the call function of a string
Recover data from .NET Perst database file
IDAPython Export All Addresses Called by Specific Call
What is an "mpi register base"?
SqashFS 3.0 file system has 40 "random" bytes of 0xFF in it
Static binary instrumentation
Recreated LZMA differs from the original after 332 bytes
How to reverse engineer the syntax of a bit stream
Bochs x86 16bit and IDA dissasembly
Change instruction test eax, eax to text eax, 1
How to determine target of far call in Windows 3 16-bit protected mode binary
Need help identifying a -possibly- encrypted string
How does windows 10 v.1803 save the password in the SAM file?
Advanced Anti-Debugging Techniques
Firestick get application binary
Can machine learning be used to simulate the working of an actual machine?
Finding out what calls win32u.dll functions
Predicting Memory locations of arguments within a function
Examining Stack Frame in GDB
DLL Injection Call Address In Target
Bufferoverflow Stack
Decrypting Lua Files
How to remove line? [Help with CTF]
Breakpoints in InProc COM object .dll?
Unable to exploit format string vulenrability on Ubuntu 18.04.2 LTS
DEX file referenced type is not defined in file
Trying to understand linkedin's anti-robot system
How to do debug a running java process in linux?
How does IDA apply its FLIRT signatures and how are they licenced?
unpacking Download.img firmware for alcatel mw40
How to change operator by GDB?
How can I emulate Huawei routers HG5xx firmware?
Debugging arbitrary ARM binary image using IDA and QEMU
How to execute an import exe/dll from memory
Remote debugging using IDA, connecting to windbg server (kernel mode)
ECU tune and reverse engineering
how can I know if PE file has appended data or not?
How to extract firmware from a western digital hard drive with custom firmware
DLL obfuscator - what kind of obfuscator is this?
convert NPRG9x07.mbn to NPRG9x07.bin
MakeArray from stack variables using idapython
How to use the book "Reverse Engineering for Beginners" by Yurichev?
Where is Android binary XML format documented?
.NET manifest resource format
Checksum Calculation
faster kernel debugging in IDA (not VMWARE)
how to flash image.bin with uboot using serial or tftp
Decompile large function in IDA
IDA losses renaming and functions border data when debugger starts: is there any workaround?
Can Ghidra do backward symbolic execution?
radare2 (v3.6.0) on windows(x64) not change registers values in debug mode
How do you get the operand data type using idapython?
how can i Encrypt a decrypted zte zxhn h108n V2.5 config file?
IDAPython - Find the start of an undefined code blob
Decrypting Lua Files from game
Radare2 ptrace can not attach
How can I retrieve image files embedded/compressed in a MPL file?
IDA free : How to find a string reference in .text
edit binary (.bin) file
Microsoft Edge and it's related processes may have turned protected in windows 10 1903
What information may supply the uninitialized data to security team?
decrypt config.bin file from Huawei B5328 router i have source files
Checksum field within IR protocol
Reverse engineer CRC or checksum algorithm
IDA and flirt signatures
How to get array size of a global variable using IDApython?
How can I iterate over syscalls (as returned with `axt`) and rewrite them?
X64DBG Invalid memory address after breakpoint?
How to set search scope in radare2
JTAG Dumped Flash is scrambled
How to defeat fake rdtsc driver?
How to find function called by instantaneous event (like mouse press for exemple)
Confusion about LEA and why it means what it does in this context
IDA Pro break on system call to stat64
How does IPA decryption works?
move open new activity to antoher folder
In reverse engineering, what does it mean to "patch a file"?
What does mean cs:Memory on IDA pro?
Which API function is responsible for input strings?
Differences between IDA Pro and Radare2
How to load symbols from Windows DBG file
How to load symbols from a text (map) file
Limited U-Boot options, any memory reading possibilities here?
How to bring the message box other than error message box with Ollydbg
Frida: Make executable immune to updates
How to make IDA processor for file format with tree structure
IDA debugging a packed / encrypted library - retaining breakpoints / subroutine names set in debug segments
Radare2 substituting second operand of lea instruction with a random register
obfuscating mprotect, or run-time alternative
Elf x86_64 adding function
Obfuscate JSON file that is served client-side
How do I find the address of a data location at runtime?
How to wire up a rotary encoder with a "0v" connection?
How to replay a signal on a different frequency with Gnu Radio Companion and Hack RF
IDA Pro - Load data in manually created segment
How to identify/extract relevant assembly from a binary?
Add MessageBox statically modify
How to restore IAT?
How instrument read/write access to local variable in a function
How to set breakpoint with gdb on arbitrary memory location?
BOSCH EDC development
How to change IDA's name representation programmatically?
Understanding (pseudo-)C function from a video game
Identifying Compiler Used for Binary File
UTF8, UTF16 encoding string search
Open a NEC binary in Ghidra
change PE file icon without re-signing the file all over again
PowerPC TOC and SDA
Move focus to Immunity Debugger command line
The executable file makes a unique ID from each individual PC. Can anyone decipher from where the file makes these unique IDs?
What is the purpose of consecutive ADC instructions to a single register?
Info on ProcMon from SysInternals
(Help) APK Decomplied unreadable .pngs
How to find implementation of native method in the library .so (Android)
Ida permission error
When trying to change command line, received an error: "Could not set command line!"
Radare2 - How to debug Android native code (dynamic analysis)?
Extract Web Contents From Cisco Firmware Data IMG File
What types are read from byte array?
Ghidra: Prepend memory segment in assembly listing view
Strings weirdly split in binary
What compression type has been used here?
What the obfuscator? C# application, de4dot can't see anything
Start vs WinMain()
How does ConfuserEx work and what to look out for?
malware analysis
How to set virtual `T` register programmatically in IDA Python?
IDA Xrefs window keep open?
router: how to break into boot?
Why EIP is being overwritten before local buffer ends?
Generating disassembly from raw Infineon Tricore 1971 binary
How Can I Clean Up After IDA Decompation with IDAPython or other resource
Partially correctly decoded strings from pkware zip with known plaintext
How to make a custom window with Ghidra?
Reverse engineering complex GUI desktop application
cracking SHA256 if you think you know its original value but don't know which is it
Getting started with RE, with eventually goal being able to make a keygen
Figuring out correct user input key from final key + generated buffer
What does BindImageEx actually do?
