Stereo camera Vs Kinect
Is our laptop wifi single channel or multiple channel? This is for controlling a bot
Denavit-Hartenberg convention or the product of exponentials formulation, when dealing with the manipulator kinematics?
FRC RoboRio Eclipse can't find edu.wpi.first.wpilibj
How do quadcopters turn left and right?
Can I use a PWM HHO Controller to control a brushless DC motor?
Guidance & Info about Quadcopter Project
Suggestions for beginer in Robotics
Need of Kalman filters in unimodal measurement model
How to get the 4*4 matrix from the twist using product of exponentials, in robot kinematics?
Help with code that is supposed to drive a servo controller
choose ZigBee modules for full wireless mesh
Cheap wheeled robot without tether (does not need to be programable)
Best practice to write a ROS service for a serial-communication class with many options
Multiple limbs on small robots
Jacobian-based trajectory following
What is the best software/package to draw the robot manipulator and indicate DH parameters and different axes?
Is Khepera II still adequate for learning
Ball and plate possible sensors use
Ros, iai_kinect2 issues
how to plot $\pm 3 \sigma$ of a landmark in EKF-SLAM
"Time-varying" and "nonautonomous" dynamical systems and their Lyapunov analysis
Can a quadcopter hover while tilted?
Automatic agricultural robot using 8051
PID control of tank-like robot and IMU
Microcontroller for running Linux RTAI
Are robotic pollenators being designed?
How to get a python node in ROS subscribe to multiple topics?
What dynamic system could these equations represent?
GraphSLAM: why are constraints imposed twice in the information matrix?
FreeIMU External Magnetometer
How to track robot position
Heavy omnidirectional platform suspension
The uncertainty is big while the sensor is rather accurate at measuring a landmark in EKF-SLAM
Do you have to have a rate controller for a Quadcopter?
Drive motor voltage / other specifications of Roomba 650
I am doing a project on robotic surgeries! Can anyone help me and give me some details related to this topic?
What is the difference between motion planning and trajectory generation?
iRobot Create 2 and Open Interface 2 Spec not syncing up with incoming data
How to find the body jacobain, for each link in a robot manipulator?
DC Motor PID control with unstable velocity feedback
Drones and camera streaming
Angles in a Rocker bogie system
Detect human in proximity?
Converting a linear acceleration command into a DC motor command?
I need help with choosing a computer on the board
What is the cheapest way to make led sensitive to sound around?
Is it possible for a robot to navigate through predefined coordinates?
Raspberry Pi quadcopter thrashes at high speeds
How feasible is the idea of operating a robotic arm in a non-sophisticated way?
Minimising lateral drift in a PID (Arduino) controlled quadcopter using a 6DOF IMU
Turning an epilog laser into a 3d printer?
In the PID equation K[((s+a)^2)/s] what values correspond to the PID coefficients Kp, Ki, Kd?
How many methods can I use to acquire depth data?
Does an electronic compass work underwater
Why I'm getting very long terms in the inertia matrix (or dynamics model) of the robot using matlab script?
How do I get MPU 6050 gyroscope data using "MPU6050_6Axis_MotionApps20.h" library
Open Source software for Quadcopters
Magnetometer to measure high angular velocity in small object
Is the crazyflie control board considered a microcontroller
Iron man Jarvis like robot
Sending commands to Roomba from PC
What equipment has been used to design this robot
How to know what type of stepper motors to use when designing a robot
Is it tough to make a robotic workshop of your own
Does anyone have any walking patterns for a Biped Scout? (LYNXmotion)
How can I know which system is easier to control using PID controller?
Unilateral Torque Constraint on the foot-ground interface
How can I filter Gyroscopic data?
Driver Board to Control 16 Brushed DC Motors
Provides a 10 Degree-Of-Freedom IMU reduntant data?
Particle Filter Sampling Step
Determine current roomba state / operating mode
Basic general question about controllers
Remote Control Relative to Driver
Is motor current proportional to thrust?
What is the link between a quadcopter transmitter pulse and the roll/pitch/yaw angles?
How to tune a PIV controller?
Difference between planetary and precision gear motors
Robotics SLAM datasets - scaling factor
where can I get openinterface.py?
Can't connect to BeagleBone Webserver?
Internal Pullup Sufficient for i2c in beaglebone Black?
Controlling an ESC for Brushless Motors with an RPi
Implementation of wall and obstacle avoidance
How to calculate the center of mass Jacobian matrix of a robot arm
Sporadic sensing rates for hc-sr04 ultrasonic distance sensor
aerodynamics of quadcopter
Recommendation for good source of Robotic Components
Datalogging from Arduino Mega to Dropbox
Graph optimization with G2O
I need the specifications for iRobot Create 2
Dock command does not seem to work
the specifications graph showing the battery discharges in volt per time
how to implement tracking problem with PID controller
How to calculate the real time RPM of motor with rotary encoder?
What wireless technology to use to control robots in classroom?
Roomba Create 2 problem reading distance traveled
Controlling the iRobot Create 2 with MATLAB
Monocular vs. stereo computer vision robustness for object detection
Calculating acceleration and velocity
Verifying motor selection calculations
RGB-D SLAM - Compute Information Matrix
Jacobian transpose: how to calculate orientation error
Low power to motors -- motor power jumper issue
SLAM noob here, a few questions regarding EKF-SLAM
Quadcopter Propeller size + Motor
EKF-SLAM, how best to manage the 'P' covariance matrix, programatically
EKF-SLAM Computing the jacobians for landmark updates
How to find theta1 to theta5 after D-H parameter
What is the reduced form of this block diagram?
How do I work out the kinematic solution of a robot arm?
How is it possible to maintain the total thrust when controlling yaw of a quadcopter?
How important are events like "Robocup" to the advancement of Robotics in general?
How to send commands to create 2 over Bluetooth
Simulate IMU (2D gyro and accelerometer) data
Glasses with eye sensors
joint positions of a robot
How to set up binocular cameras on a car?
Dynamically detect changing obstacles
Help to dimension the right controller for the following Tranfer Function
Square with hinge on all four sides
Using a Bitmap maze image to navigate the maze
How to calculate Euler Angles from gyroscope output?
how to make a robot move using arduino other than timing to predefined locations?
using range-only sensors for mapping in SLAM
Micro Quadcopter PID problem
Shallow underwater wireless sensor network
Question about dynamic window approach?
Beaglebone not accessible through LAN?
EKF over-correcting?
Mapping algorithm without noise
Enable Bluetooth Adapter for BeagleBone Black
Calculating thrust generated from electric engines
Detect polyethylene
My PID Controller in Java is not operating correctly
Quadcopter frame design
Easiest way to submit a longer non standard character string via MAVLink
Euler’s Method Or ode45 for solving ODE for control systems
How to decide between LiPo or LiFePo for robot battery
algorithm Simple Stereo Vision
What main factors/features explain the high price of most industrial computer vision hardware?
Simple way of 3d perception
Irobot create 2 C# connection
ROVER 5 with 2 encoders help
How to get the projection matrix from odometry/tf data?
How to tune the two PIDs for quadrotor
Depth of view for a hypercatadioptric camera
Questions regarding 3D scanning and camera choice
How to select the parameters of the Sliding Mode Control of a Robotic Arm?
Locating Omni-Directional Robot
How to control Brushless Motor+ESC with BeagleBone?
How to approach an object
create2 angle (packet ID 20)
What is the technology used for no-resistance robot arms?
How can I communicate wirelessly between a RasPi and servo?
How does the strategy changes in a RobCup soccer competition without connection to outside?
Is GMIS really a breakthrough?
Jacobian for point on robotic arm
make hc-sr04 receive from another one
building a quadcopter using STM32F3 Discovery board
Programable Drone with robotic arm and hand?
Design and construction of universal robotic arm (5kg, 1m)
Depth image sensor for integration into robot
Connecting USB Xbox Controller to National Instruments cRIO
Got Difficulty in reading Specification?
Is it possible to use ROS on RPI with controller like MultiWii or similar?
Building industrial-like robotic arm
read from Ultrasonic HC-SR04
DH Forward Kinematics for a Cartesian Robot (CNC Mill)
What is the RobotC type for motors?
accelerate a stepper using arduino AccelStepper starting with a pre-defined speed
Measuring angular displacement using the TI-SensorTag
iRobot Create 2: Angle Measurement
Using accelorometer and gyroscope to get velocity, spin & flightpath of a ball in projectile motion
Determining a robot's distance from a certain point when the robot's position is constantly changing
(Dynamixel) Inverse rotation direction
Understanding the various attitude estimation methods
Pins in OpenROV that control the motors?
Determining transfer function of a PTU for visual tracking
What is the difference between SAM and SLAM?
Estimating angular speed from position for control purpose
An easy way to exert desired load on a motor shaft?
Is it possible to have A/V feed and serial communication on an RF transceiver at the same time on an Arduino?
STM32F3 timers & computing
C++ and Create 2
Do structured light camera sensors work outdoors?
Hand Eye Calibration
How to implement PID control for robotic arm?
Is this rubber/PVC coupling a good enough for small torque (0.1 N.m)
Need suggestion about which microcontroller/processor and language to be used in my project
Using 20 Servos at once, with raspberry pi
How to test GAZEBO works properly. Save windows don't show any component
Is ROS (Robot Operating System) mandatory?
Is the geometric inverse problem's solution "continuous" for a redundant robot?
What would I need to control a DC servo using a 4-20ma linear analog signal?
Can a Jacobian matrix be used to derive joint angles from end-effector linear and rotational velocity (without a filter)?
create2 reading sensor date does not always work
Cheap and efficient 3D sensor?
Beginner question about software for calculations
Dynamic model of a tank like robot
Pole placement gains tuning
Education sources for robot building?
Building my first quadcopter
recommendation of robot for special education
estimate transfer function of stepper motor?
Arduino-Create 2: Reading Sensor Values
What are the different ways to control distance to be covered by a robot?
Issue with multiple bytes from Irobot Create 2
What is the difference between Positioning and Localization Systems
Robotic winch force sensor
At what frequency should I input and read values?
iRobot Create 2: Encoder Counts
Are LiPo really 100 times more energy dense than model rockets?
how to implement and code inner and outer PD controllers for quadrotor for position tracking
Underwater ROV Variable Ballast
Fast C++ library for stereo vision/disparity computation
Conceptual problem regarding electronic shutters
How many quadcopters would it take to lift a burrito?
Quadcopter - is iPhone the ultimate flight controller?
Is there a bug in the Encoder Counts packets 43&44?
Cool robotics projects
Sensing the level of a liquid in a tube
PID over another module that implements a PID control?
How can I make a quadcopter avoid obstacles using infrared?
What is load current and load speed? Which battery is best suitable for this motor?
How would I implement a following drone with a camera using GPS?
Assuming I have the angle with respect to two beacons, and know the distance between them, can I localize myself?
Adding an Actuator or Force to a (Featherstone) Articulated Rigid Body Model
Odometry vs Dead-reckoning
Linear Motion Control for quadrotor (clarification)
Stereo vision in Matlab
Dispensing precise quantities of liquid and powder
Help with ultrasonic sensors on obstacles avoiding robot
Arm to disassemble and assemble notebook at home?
How to control a dc motor
How can i make a compact soft robot
2Nm small motor
How can I make a motion tracking camera?
Vacuum Lifter: Moving Playing Cards
Position estimation from photo fingerprinting
How to transfer signed integers with libusb?
position control for linear model of quadrotor (problem with tracking task)
Why do my ESCs stop working?
Mechanical design for base of robotic arm
Driving a non-circular timing belt
Image based 3d position estimation with one camera
Arduino triggers a camera to start recording
Suggestion for a camera
Interfacing GPU image processing with motor control at 30+Hz
idea for web application in robotics
What is the difference between Multiple robots and swarm robots?
Electric piston (longitudinal electric motor)?
Determine the configuration space for a robotic arm
How can a memory alloy be used as an alternative to a compressor found in a refrigerator?
3D scanner from Phone Camera
Introduction to Robotics Mechanics & Control, John J Craig., 3rd Ed., Forward transformation problem Examples 2.2 and 2.4
Hector SLAM, Matching algorithm
Fingerprinting/ model matching algorithms for localization
ROBOTIC arm for playing chess
Simple wireless connection between two circuits
Selecting hardware: stereo camera for beginners
Matlab toolbox (Windows) for Sick lasers?
Quadcopter force/torques duty cycle conversion
How do I Program the Create 2
Libusb and arduino communication not working
What is the cheapest way to detect and identify vehicles entering a gate in real time?
Quadcopter PID output and duty cycle conversion
Artificial Intelligence Software Packages: Professionals, University education is oft' a step behind. What's actually being used?
Many to One Bluetooth Communication Link
Is ROS hard real time safe?
What is the achievable stiffness of a impedance/admittance controlled robot (incl. haptic devices), given its structural and control stiffnesses?
How to make a directed graph?
Matlab Control Toolbox root locus
Why PD controllers for quadcopter angles control?
Changing behaviour Roomba 880
Which math course will be most beneficial?
How to use an IMU to hover at a fixed location in a quadcopter in the presence of gravity?
Human arm inverse kinematics
Cognitive Architectures: how do you perform qualitative and quantitative comparisons?
How to calculate quadcopter lift capabilities?
How do safety cages around quadcopter rotors/blades affect lift capabilities?
Stewart platform as robotic wrist joint
7DOF inverse kinematics spherical wrist
Wiring & driving TowerPro SG90 servos
How do I accurately calculate the speed of a rotary encoder at a high sample rate?
Can I control more than 18 servo motor with a Raspberry Pi
How to transform x y z coordinates to Tx Ty Tz?
Matlab: System simulation with dynamic state matrix / input matrix
How to determine how long a battery will power a robotic circuit for?
Understanding how solar panels can supply power to robotic circuits
Wiring necessary to route power from any one of several rechargeable batteries
Discover vector/angle between stereo camera pose and vehicle body
Spring with electronically adjustable stiffness
Torque of coreless DC micro motor
Measurement and physics model fusion
Can I use Bipolar stepper motor driver to drive Unipolar motor in Unipolar configuration?
Control both Velocity and Position (Linear actuator)
Converting a 2D array of bits to a connectivity map (Code Debugging)
Circuit Design and Simulation
Improving Velocity estimation
What are the frequencies used for within drones?
Need help regarding EKF in MonoSLAM
Structuring EKF to estimate pose and velocity with odometry inputs
Calculate required motor torque through Harmonic Drive
Highspeed with gearbox or low speed for brushless motor?
Which middleware for IPC and multi-threading in a autonomous robot?
On-board monocular odometry for quadcopter stabilization
Detecting the presence of a person in a room
Inverting a transform (Reading J Craig's book on Robotics)
Starter Looking For Advice
Lagging sensor data for PID
Question for those who have experience using stereo cameras/module (e.g. ZED, DUO M, Bumblebee, etc.)
Pull-down resistor for inter-chip and sensor-to-chip communication
Mini Recorder from RC Heli Parts
Troubleshooting Xbox Kinect 360
Problems about Complementary Filter IMU tuning
Digital Controller Design for System with variable sample time
How to localise a underwater robot?
How to determine the trajectory reference on the real robot trajectory tracking
Homogenous Transformation Matrix for DH parameters
DH-Parameters for Forward Kinematics for Translatory Motion only
Orientation parameter for quadcopter with madgwick fusion algorithm
Sensors' field of view in car driving
Is Lego Mindstorm a good start?
IMU rotate about one axis, other two angles change too
STM32_OC_Timing and IRQHandler
Extend robotic arm with wrist rotation
KUKA Robotics API IDE
Can ESC be programmed to run full throttle only on one side of a quadcopter?
Raspberry Pi Hexapod 18DOF, Best servo control board?
How to efficiently do 3D mapping of an area on a MAV?
Problem with acceleration sensor
Using 2x UARTs on STM32F072RB
Virtual model in PLC discrete / continuous
what are methods to compare PID controller performance?
Brushless DC motor - Electronic Speed Control - Quadcopter
Arduino original or generic for a beginner?
PID gains for motor position and velocity control
Mapping formats for small autonomous robots
How to use a POMDP-based planner on top of a probabilistic filter
How do I choose the best filter for dead reckoning with an IMU?
ROS Calibration Camera Problems
iRobot Create 2 sensors
How do I control the robotic arm motion?
How does the cliff sensors on ROOMBA work through a glass wall?
PTAM CameraCalibrator error
Implementing a boustrophedon algorithm in a given room with obstacles
How do I work out the specifications of motors and propellers for a quadcopter?
What actuator types exist that remain locked in their last position like hydraulic piston?
where to get this reference about Kalman filter, technical report
Kinect v1 VS Kinect v2
Kinect VS Stereo cameras
Extending iCreate battery power for auxilliary equipment
How to reduce battery power 10v 1.5A to 6v 1.5A
Arduino compatible sensor for motion detection and positioning
Object Grasping Robot Arm Control
What is required to build a simple XY-stage?
Is anybody using robot simulators?
Degree of Freedom
Voltage rpm relation
increase PID sampling rate on embedded system
Low variance resampling algorithm for particle filter
How to make door opening to the top
Formationing Algorithm for Multiple Robots
Prototyping with IRobot roomba
Optimal hardware for linear algebra operations
What type of control law is used in "Reaction Control System" of Apollo Lunar Module or Space Shuttle?
MATLAB 3D Simulation with SOLIDWORKS model
Determine what the rotation axis is given a rotation matrix
Where to make changes for simulation project Bullet/Gazebo/ROS/Orocos
Is it possible to simulate vision (perception) in Gazebo (or other simulators)
Comparing industrial robot arms
Estimation of Battery Life Time From PWM Signals in a Quadrotor
Building parts, and keeping laser alignment steady
Navigating through a Maze using path-planning (Dijkstra)
Mathematical Moddeling of Elastic Robots
Calculus in robotics
Create a simple C++ client Application to control KUKA's Robot-arm LBR iiwa via FRI
Why do we generally prefer DH parameters over other kinematic representations of robot arms?
Blade 180QX :What does this red wire do?
Drone Battery Question
Duty cycle mapping
How to cut throttle signal to ESC properly?
Modeling a robot to find its position
Electric Motor Speed Control - PWM vs analog voltage?
How do I decide the size of the time steps between sensing and control actuation?
Is it possible to do SLAM with few IR sensors like Buddy?
Which joints to discretize for IK
thrust measurement
Can I connect a UDOO to a PC using a straight-through ethernet cable or do I need a cross over?
Calculating Required Torque
EKF-SLAM initialize new landmark in covariance matrix
Gyroscope - How can I remove low frequency component with a high pass filter only?
Robot structure kit or materials
Are there off the shelf solutions for GPS+INS (accelerometer,gyro,magneto) sensor fusion for getting filtered/fused location and speed output?
Displacement with accelerometer
Deciding length of quadcopter arms
Which sensor type most accurately measures position?
What device do I need to project a laser to point at a specific location?
How is a brushless gimbal motor different from a regular brushless motor?
How to program a three wheel Omni?
Complementary and Kalman filter don't work for Y angle
Kalman filter for estimating position with “direction” measurements
Type of servo and torque calculation required for a 2axis robot arm
MCU architecture design
Real-time camera localisation in known environment
EMAX ESC Simon Series with arduino
Olf Futaba Rx & Tx with APM micro 2.7.2?
How to tune PID for a Y(t) = k*X(t) system?
How is the absolute flash size calculated in a microcontroller?
iRobot Create Serial Cable for Turtlebot I
Can RC servo motors continually rotate?
Simple Sensor Fusion for pose estimation
Simulation environment for conducting visual servoing experiment
What commands make the irobot create 2 go left and right not just forwards and backwards?
Original paper of Kalman filter
Forward kinematics: Why ω should remain same?
How do I dispense a greasy fluid?
How to determine x-axis if the two z-axis are intersecting in Denavit Hartenberg representation
How can I get the values of a IMU from the serial message received in Simulink via UART?
Using Blob detection in V-Rep
How to numerically calculate the Jacobian?
Forward kinematics of constrained double pendulum
Beginner Soldering question
IRobot Create 2: Powering Up after Sleep
How to rotate a dc motor at a fixed rpm
How can I tell if a servo motor is capable of being controlled degree by degree?
How can I recognize animals in a video stream or static images with openCV or other library/software?
Powering a Project Tango Tablet with iRobot Create 2
Non linear control system?
Arduino mega shield v2.0 compatibility with arduino due
Telemetry with APM 2.6 and XBee
Inverse kinematics solution for 6DOF serial arm
Robot localization without any sensors
Positioning Sensor
Robot path planning
Can i charge a lipo nano tech battery over imax b3 charger
Multiple EKFs or one big
recommendation for really high precision attitude measurement sensors
Wall following using hokuyo lidar and sharp IR sensors
Compatibilty of my setup?
Why the name "combinatorial"?
Axis of rotation via IMU
Hand Eye Calibration Solver
Book on mechanisms
Tuning PD for line follower
Total Hand calculations procedure & formulaes of Mega-Quadcopter
Orthogonal projection of laserscanner data
What PID values should i keep
What erector sets will function with normal servo motors?
Firmware upgrade for iRobot Create 2
Air hockey with a robot as an opponent
Magnetic, low insertion force connector
How to calculate vehicle detection distance
Why can two Series 1 XBees only talk in X-CTU?
Ceiling depth with a monocular camera
Why can't you buy continuous servos with absolute positioning?
Weave Weld Lincoln Electric Mig Robot
Add hardware reset button for Create2
Quadcopter accelerating or not
Image Based Visual Servoing algorithm in MATLAB
Arduino mobile robot
Complete Quadrotor Tutorial (Text)Book?
indoor positioning system: which is better?
PID quaternion contoller
How to sumarize Kalman filter covariances for display?
What I need to learn to build robots
continuous vs discrete simulation in robotics
Raspberry pi quadcopter drifts like crazy
How to convert between classic and modified DH parameters?
What are the best ways to transmit force through air efficiently?
composition of rotation matrices
what kp,ki,kd should i keep
iRobot Create 2 serial battery power
Maximum ball screw speeds
How to use the Homogeneous transformation matrix?
Motor for DIY Remote controlled shades
What factors should i consider when selecting a motor for a free wheeled cart-pole balancing robot?
Optimal-time acceleration sequence of a line-following robot following a moving obstacle
IR 40kHz receiver
Solution for INS and GPS integration
Mobile Robot path reconstruction by using IMU acceleration and Yaw angle
Could anyone tell me what are these things in a Roomba robot and how to clean them, please?
Wifi module for Zumo robot
Is it safe to give 5v through 5v pin of arduino uno r3 while usb cable inserted
What is the learning (control) algorithm inside Cubli?
How can I control fast real time sensor (250Hz) with slow system display(60Hz)
Robotic legs technologies
Overheating/Jamming MG996R servo
Should a MG996R Servo's extreme position change over time?
2D Positioning of mobile robot
Are there systematic ways to tune the Kalman filter in engineering practice?
How to use specific ESC,BLDC motor through Arduino Uno R3?
Multiple control loops with overlapping effects
Do you know where to get the original iRobot Create?
Covariance and optimization
Device to generate screen tap response
Powering my robot with 12V battery which is charged by a gas/petrol generator while the robot is operating?
Two exclusive inputs control
Can i connect the arduino usb to laptop after the arduino is started
How to calculate the current consumed by a brushless motor on a quadcopter
Why are bipedal robots difficult?
Line following robot path planning
"Ambiguous up to scale" , Explanation required
"Thermal Imaging" with Arduino and/or Lego Mindstorm NXT 2.0?
High-traction thin tires vs Wide moderate-traction tires? [Sumo-bot]
Using DC motor as a generator to recharge battery of my robot
Using SLAM to create 2D topography
Sensor orientation of an external magnetometer
How Should I tie My quadcopter to some thing, to adjust pid on one axis
Can someone explaine to me this code?
When to use multiple batteries vs a UBEC
what's confidence level? and how can we use it for vehicle detection using OpenCV?
How much offset speed of motors on an axis is required before adjusting pid
Robot arm reachability of a pose in Cartesian space
Can digital servo motors be modified for continuous rotation?
image processing
What is the difference between a CNC router versus a CNC mill?
Robot wire follower + how to position on wire
Is there a simpler way than ROS for 5 DOF Dynamixel arm control
How can I avoid Roomba Error 10 Code?
rotation matrix to euler angles with gimbal lock
Choosing motors for quadcopter frame
Camera Calibration fails to run on ROS
Wires or columns which contract on passing electricity
EKF-SLAM: Shrink covariance matrix on one direction
velocity of the end-effector
Quadcopter stability vs (PID error signal lag and sample time)
Two DC motors and single output?
UWSim Pressure Sensor Units
Balancing Robot Control Model
Balancing a plate with an IMU offset from the center
3D Angular velocity to 3D velocity to predict next state
Determining pose from ar_track_alvar message in ROS
choice for camera sensor to be used with LiDAR
How would I replicate a tank/zero-turn steering system in a small robotic vehicle?
Quad Copter flight module can replace with smart phone?
4dof or 5dof robot arm with stepper motors tool-chain for an hobbyist
my quadcopter settling time is very large
For a quadcopter: Premade flight controller or custom made?
Linear actuators in a cartesian robots
How to connect ethernet based Hokuyo scanner?
Aligning datasets with drift
Angular velocities and rotation matrices
Gyro measurement to absolute angles
Accurate Wheeled Robot Odometry
Robotic arm ["FAiL"] error display. - Festo / Mitsubishi Melfa RV-2AJ (Controller CR1-571)
Real-time video processing on video feed from a drone's camera
DC Motors for a ROV?
ROS MoveIt!, virtual joints, planar joints, prismatic joints
Where should I put the angle sensor on my cart-pole robot?
Should the therotical parameters match the physical setup constraints when modeling a robot?
What is torque bandwidth in actuated joints and how does it affect the control systems?
Ways to estimate the drift rate of the gyrometer
How to connect an Arduino Uno to an Android phone via USB cable?
Sourcing motors by physical dimensions
Crock Pot Knob Turner
Are there any aerodynamics modeling/simulation software that is capable to consume a SolidWorks model and to interface with MATLAB/Simulink?
Advanced Line Following Robot of Maze Solving
Need a mobile robot simulator that provides easier odometry funtions
Using Gazebo installed on same machine in MATLAB
What is the difference between path planning and motion planning?
What is the required theory behind building a robotic arm?
Is modelling a robot and deriving its Equations of Motions more applicable to a system that is inherently unstable?
Filtering angular velocity spikes of a cheap Gyroscope
Need an idea: automated sim card switcher
Transforming angular velocity?
Filtering IMU angle discontinuities
Designing a 5 bar linkage robot: Plot Clock
Relation between pole placement and marginal stability?
KUKA FRI program using JAVA
Trying to calculate the Thrust of my quadcopter motors
How much of a pause should there be between messages? (IRobot Create-2)
Changing STM32 Nucleo Board's Microcontroller
differences between SCARA arm design
Need help for a quadcopter PID
Very low output voltage at the output of L298n?
How to drive robot without driving actuator?
6DOF robot arm: Velocity of end effector vs. joint velocities
Cannot command irobot create 2
using a device with os instead of microcontrollers
Solving for DH Parameters
Power on iRobot Create 2 via serial port
Switching scheme for vector controlled pmac drive
Denavit Hartenberg parameters
can we detects animals through PIR(passive infrared sensors)
kk2.1.5 gyro bubble is not at centre
Torque control in eye-in-hand visual servoing
How to make a stepper motor to rotate and come to a position of certain degress (say for 90 degrees) from any initial position?
Optimal trajectory for manipulators using optimal control
3 DOF Inverse Kinematics Implementation: What's wrong with my code?
What is the easiest and efficient way to detect human in close range distance and make the robot follow it?
connecting MPU-9250 GY-9250 SENSOR MODULE to arduino uno
Using an RGB + Depth Camera to locate X,Y,Z coordinates of a ball
How to tilt a camera 180 using mirrors
One propeller Drone?How well it works?Hope
Joint Space Singularities
Removing PCB from a Dynamixel RX-24F servo?
Running my 3 DOF Inverse Kinematics Code: Works in MATLAB, not in Python
Why does it require more force to turn a servo if it is electronically connected to another servo?
I can't get motors to turn with Raspberry pi
Relationship between earth frame attitude and acceleration for a quadcopter
Denavit Hartenberg parameters - 3DOF articulated manipulator
What charger to use with my ZIPPY Compact 6200mAh 4s 40c Lipo MultiRotor Battery
How to use SLAM with simple sensors
Solar panel set rotation: How to achieve both vertical and horizontal rotation?
iRobot Create 2: Can I load the code in instead of connecting cable? (new learner)
Is there a way to turn the sound off of a Roomba?
Quadrotor - Control system, where to begin?
Torque / Current control for BLDC motors
What are hardware components to build a modular robot which consists of several 5x5x5cm modules?
What is the easiest yet precise method one can make a track and a train
Small IR distance sensor that works on black surfaces
Create 2 CAD files
Electronic circuit for heating nylon fishing line muscle
Automatic sliding window shutter
Angular velocity to translational velocity
Sizing high current power supplies for large robots
Dynamic simulation of compliant elements in quadruped robot
Kinematic decoupling
How can I reduce a motor's maximum current draw?
What's the difference between feedback and feedforward control?
Powering 6 servomotors requiring 6V and 2A each
How to build a fast quadcopter
Is there a way to disconnect and reconnect from a Create 2 that was streaming sensor readings without having to unplug/replug my USB-serial cable?
Relative orientation of two robots
Mapping between camera pose and image features in visual servoing
Forward kinematic and inverse kinematic... When to use what?
Lifting robotic leg with only one servo
What are the approaches for indoor robot positioning?
What engineering problems needs to be solved to build a potato-peeling robot?
How to connect absolute encoder on the rotating shaft. Please see the three options?
Getting pitch, yaw and roll from Rotation Matrix in DH Parameter
Fanuc Robot "Heat" control
Recommendation for 3D mechanism modeling and simulation software
Quadrocopter problem with stability
Which USB interface for Android device I can use for motor driver
Which brushless dc and propeller to choose?
How can I increase the resolution of a PWM signal?
Pole-balancing / inverted-pendulum; is there a need for active control?
Modelling Point Clouds for Collision Detection in Gazebo
DH parameters and Kinematic Decoupling
Which trajectory planning algorithm for minimizing jerk
Length and Width of a Line Following Robot
Is it possible to design robot software or AI to function in different devices?
Is Venetian mirror possible in Autodesk Inventor?
Humanoid balancing
Calculate robot heading to follow wall and avoid obstacles
PID tuning for 6 dof robotic arm
Change PWM values according to encoder output
Arduino Power Adapters
ROS and Kinect data without callbacks
How can I measure the actual speed and distance traveled of the robot with an external setup?
How can I measure the height of an object with a single sharp sensor (GP2Y0A21YK0F)?
Manipulator end-effector orientation with quaternions
In order to integrate MCL and Occupancy Grid to implement Grid-based FastSLAM, do you have to record all data?
What can this picture/data tell?
Comparison of lifting systems
ROS + kinect depth data duplication
Choosing a proper sampling time for a PID controller
Mechanical robustness/shock resistance LiPo batteries
Open source implementations for GPS+IMU sensor fusion?
IPhone controlled RC car
Combustion engine controlled with a remote
What is $\alpha \sin(\theta) + \beta \frac{d \theta}{d t}$ in the inverted pendulum problem?
Does C have advantages over C++ in robotics?
Forward kinematic computing the transformation matrix
IMU sensor and compensation
sum_error in PID controller
Discontinuity in device orientation
Is RobotBASIC outdated?
Finding cubic polynomial equation for 3 joints
P gain tuning for quadcopter (Is my perception for a P-gain too high correct?)
Calculating required torques for a given trajectory using Lagrange-Euler
Color sensor alternatives
Visual servoing - tracking a point
Robotic Manipulator
Is RoboCup still vivant and significant robotic issue?
Is there a .NET library for conveyor belt automation?
calculating position based on accelerometer data
Is there a way to use a stress-ball-like device as acceleration control interface
increase current draw from serial port of icreate 2
How do I if know my quad is powerful enough to take off vertically smoothly and how do I calculate max Thrust(g) for given current(A) and voltage(V)?
How to perform odometry on an arduino for a differential wheeled robot?
What exactly are PPM controlled ESCs? Are most ESCs available to build quadcopters PPM Controlled?
inverse kinematics osciliations..
Malfuction in motors using L298N
PixHawk or Naza M V2 for Aerial Imaging of Small Study Area with Hexacopter
Using another device instead of RC transmitter
Problem with HC-SR04 sensor
BiRRT: Getting path from an array of 7 DOF angle configurations
ROS on Raspberry Pi Model 2: UbuntuARM vs ROSBerryPi
How to convert rotation matrix in to equivalent Quaternion using Eigen Library.
3 degrees of freedom analytical solution
Which algorithms are used in autonomous robot
Microcontroller flashing itself
How to have a 'Auto Go Home' feature, like the DJI Phantom 3, on a project built quadcopter?
DC motor shaft and gear installation
Sending commands from Ubuntu
Weird magnetometer values
Could a motor shaft be swapped for a threaded shaft?
Bulding a robot arm for neural networks understanding
How do I go about implementing a Kalman Filter for a pose estimation algorithm?
FastSlam 2.0 Implementation?
2D Robot Motion
Completely autonomous traversal of a planar graph
iRobot Create 2 to Vacuum?
Apps for Pepper robot
Moving a small plate back and forth
Attaching a M5 screw shaft to a cog wheel
Panasonic MSMO22F2G (stepper motor hook-up)
Roomba schedule opcode: 167, byte 1
Are there any Lithium Ion battery monitors designed for hobbyists (quadcopters)?
Best power solution for my robot
Suitable gear construction for a robotic extender - plastic?
See CC3D actual configuration
POM gears and metal fittings
Gazebo or SimMechanics
Will a 5200mAh 30C 22.2V 6S Lipo battery work with
Create 2: Wheel interface board replacement
Accurate technique to locate position?
Arduino project: Turning with a fixed front wheel axis
Orienting rectangular plastic bricks
Does the mAh of a battery mean longer power or more power?
Are joint state vectors limited?
Erratic motor behavior. Is it due to the faulty remote control or Grounding or something else?
q-state vector used to define the transformation matrix? how?
RC car circuit: what does it do?
Path following with precise positioning system (RTK)
DC Motor to open a door
Exchange air and maintain thermal insulation
Tracking objects from camera; PID controlling; Parrot AR Drone 2
Quadcopter Charging
How can I detect ground collision, for an hexapod robot?
imu position without GPS or camera
Angle Random Walk vs. Rate Noise Density (MPU6050)
Tf frame origin is offset from the actual base_link
How can this mobile robot rotate so perfectly?
Need the uav to perform a circle turn
Can i use DC Brushed motors for building a drone?
Canny's Roadmap Algorithm
How to find center of a disk using robotic arm
CC3D OpenPilot - Communication port
Figure out PID values from drone specs
Gazebo: moving joint with model plugin
How a 3d printer moves the header vertically in a MakerBot printer
Quadcopter PID Control: Is it possible to stabilize a quadcopter considering only angle measurements?
SLAM : Why is marginalization the same as schur's complement?
Real-time GY-85 IMU sensor interfacing with Simulink
How do I create a portable solar panel lipo charger?
Inverse Kinematics of DLR/HIT II Hand
Typical Problem in Simple Line Follower Using 3 sensors
How to interpret the result of image rectification?
How to find kinematics of differential drive caster robot?
Quadcopter program execution time optimization using Raspberry Pi by increasing i2c baudrate
how to actuate pneumatic muscle by the signals received by emg sensors interfaced with raspberry pi?
Modified DH Parameters?
How to combine odometry information with time-shifted information from imu
Autonomous robots hardware structure planning
Gazebo laser plug-in fails to publish scan results
iRobot Create 2 IR bump light sensor specifications
Robotic manipulator Jacobian by product of exponentials
Localization with only IMU
mbed dc motor speed control using optocoupler encoder
Wheel encoder triggers interrupt too many times
Establishing Data Transfer between two Raspberry Pi's using GPIO
Software to control an Arduino setup with a timing belt and stepper motors
What to do when position control with trajectories is interrupted?
using the brush assembly and Aerovac bin space?
CC3D - Replacing RC emitter with an RPi
Do these motors really have enough torque to lift 130 pounds
Is AllJoyn a good ROS alternative regarding message passing cross multiple devices?
How to estimate the position of multiple static ground targets captured from a down facing camera?
How does one implement a third order complementary filter for estimating altitude using data from an accelerometer and a barometer?
iRobot Create 2 stuck in Clean mode?
How do I get the Create 2 to communicate with a laptop via the serial to USB cable?
Building a quadcopter, what motors, props and what are the calculations?
Standard equation for steering differential drive robot
In the SLAM for Dummies, why are there extra variables in the Jacobian Matricies?
How to implement transmission in tracked chassis with one motor?
Quadcopter PID Controller: Derivative on Measurement / Removing the Derivative Kick
Robot never goes straight
How to connect Phone to Robot while charging phone from external battery?
Is the distortion introduced by a lens protector significant in practice?
How many DOFs required to define a 3D pose
How does one calculate distance and angle using a target with known measurements?
The logic of implementing an Auto-level function in a PID flight controller
Is there a way to measure 3 axis orientation without a magnetometer?
Cost of material to 3D print
Do walking robots use accelerometers?
How modular arm joints work
What does "6 degrees of freedom" mean?
How to load a PUMA robot in the existing environment in OpenRAVE 0.9
How can I switch between Autonomous mode and usercontrol?
Metal shaft design for a 6mm plastic bevel gear
Joystick Rate Limit Filter For FRC Java Programming
Create 2 Cable with 700 Series Roomba
L293D won't turn motor backwards
Alternative to BeagleBone Black for Node.js based remote control project?
Mass Matrix in Lagrange equation
Is this supposed to be a bearing?
iRobot Create 2/Roomba 530 Screw size/thread?
Analogue video to digital
Determine robot's position in a nearby room
Software real-time of ROS system
PID Tuning for an Unbalanced Quadcopter: When do I know if the I-gain I've set is too high?
Optimal location of the center of mass for an inverted pendulum
Is there an alternative to manifolds when using quaternions for orientation representation in Pose Graph SLAM?
A simple function plotter project
Reference request: Path accuracy algorithm in the joint angle space
Finding Center of Mass for Humanoid Robot
Connecting a CC3D board with Raspberry Pi to get telemetry data
Sensors for identifying stacked books
How to make a Raspberry Pi?
Simple equation to calculate needed motor torque
Sphero's logic, how does it work
Weird behaviour with a Create2 connected via XBEE
Choosing stepper motor for hand
How to compute the error function in graph SLAM for 3D poses?
Choosing the state vector for an EKF
Find orientation through Transformation matrix
Freewheel diode / capacitor with this board?
Can I control iRobot Create 2 with NI myRIO and LabVIEW codes?
How is homotopy used in planning algorithms?
Making a car go straight
List of books similar to Thrun's Probabilistic Robotics for robot mechanics and manipulation
Inverse kinematics after calibration
How to import catia assembly to Matlab. Simmechanics
Multi-Rate Sensor Fusion using EKF
Robot autonomous variable terrain with yaw sensor
Check collision between robot and environment in OpenRAVE
PID Control: Integral error does not converge to zero
Plotting location using wheel encoder data
What kind of sensor I can use to identify which fruit it is (like mango or apple)?
What is the best way to attach a 3D printed part to a servo for robotics use?
How does information gain based exploration differ from frontier based?
EKF SLAM (prediction of new landmarks)
Using genetic algorithm for tuning controllers
Ultrasonic flow sensor
How to align solidworks global origin with assembly origin while exporting in solidworks to urdf
A Vector Field Histogram implementation in Python 2.7
Helicopter Stabilization Algorithm
iRobot Create: Making Noise and Flashing Red Light While Charging
What is the difference between planning for kinematic car, dynamic car, blimp and quadrotor
Programming 4-digit seven segment display using interrupts only
How to communication with old robotic arms from NakkaNippon Electric?
Wind flow diagram of a quadcopter
Solar Cells Charging a Li-Po Battery
Evaluating the similarity of two 7 Degree of Freedom Arms
How to interrupt on a data ready trigger when communications to the sensor are interrupt driven?
Uncented Kalman Filter for Dummies
Syncing camera with other signals
Simulation software for KUKA LBR iiwa robot?
Use MATLAB Compiler SDK generated package in KUKA Sunrise.Workbench
ROS tutorials no longer working
simulation of robots
Quadcopter PID: Controller is Saturating
Pure Arduino Quadcopter
3 way check valve
How difficult it is to build simple robots (for example Line follower) using raspberry pi and ROS?
Topics of object perception for pr2
Are operational space and joint space dependent on each other?
Waiting for the r_gripper_sensor_controller/gripper_action action server to come up
6D localization with 6 lasers
Suggestions on object types (features) to track from ARDrone 2 camera
Action cost to get smooth path
Papers on Algorithms in Robotics
How to guide a camera through a circular tube?
Mobile phone power packs
Choosing a battery: is a harbor freight solar battery OK for a R/C Lawnmower?
Why does my RoboClaw seem to be ignoring the PID gain settings?
Finding rotation quaternion
Finding high torque servo for robotic arm
Direct vs semi-direct methods for visual inertial odometry
Ultrasonic Sensor's Lag (20Hz) effect on PID contol loop rate (150Hz)
Create 2 light red/green
KUKA delimiter .NET
Understanding Drift in Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM)
why is quadrotor motion planning hard?
Having a hard time understanding this equation in monocular EKF SLAM
Lateral load on a servo motor
Quadcopter PID Tuning for Altitude Hold/Position Hold along Z axis
Vision-based Position Estimation for a quadrotor
Jacobian for Inverse Kinematics with quaternion of end effector
Suitable D star variant is for non-holonomic motion planning of mobile robots
Computer stereo vision simulator
Which geo-projection to use for odometry
Pick and place robot
Applying MoCap data to real life robot
Which kind of valve is used for dispensing food grains?
Why does the ESC stop?
Dynamic model of a robot lifted by a balloon (Multibody system)
Difference between an underactuated system, and a nonholonomic system
Relationship between motor torque and acceleration
Thermal Imaging camera activation upon detection
Reliably establishing communication and OI mode with Create 2
Real-time object classification for an indoor autonomous quad-rotor
Measure weight of an object using a servo
PID tuning for Quadcopter
Any books or web resources for robotics mechanical design?
How to make a robot arm follow a shape/path
PID tuning with methods like GA and PSO
Angle to a circle tangent line
Building a robotic clamp
Slam Odometer Requirement
KUKA robot - update coordinates
If I must fly my drone in bad weather, how can I maintain control of it in strong winds?
Choosing motor type for high reliability for many cycles
VEX Cortex Motor Speeds up under load
Why would a drone need a magnetometer? Are an accelerometer and a gyroscope not sufficient?
RRT algorithm in C++
How to decide the battery power for my robot
Why do I need I-gain in my outer-loop?
Pose-Graph-SLAM: How to create edges if only IMU-odometry is given?
What is the common process to place a robotic arm gripper
Can we simulate a actuator with a very strong torque with a PID controller
create2 commands with an app called SERIAL
OpenRAVE ChechCollison command in C++
Name of large robotic arms (two finger) with wrist, arm, hands and spinning shoulder axis
Programming A Rover
What is the correct name for "servo brackets"?
How can we use the accelerometer for altitude estimation?
Building a stationary robot which can talk
Quadrocopter PID
Does a controlling system need to be more complex than the system being controlled?
Remaking an RC transmitter for controlling aircraft
Fastening sheet steel on nylon
Fixed Wing UAV: Do inherently unstable systems desire to be stable for all cases when a closed loop control is implemented on them?
Can you interface to a Braava Jet?
What iRobot products support the open interface besides the iRobot Create?
APM Mission Planner 2.0.18 Install Firmware Failure Mac OS X 10.11
Use data from gyroscope to calculate orientation
Euler-Lagrange systems, autonomous or nonautonomous?
Considerations to design actuators, and loop feedback systems, for a robotic arm
DC Motor Control
Choose and connect a camera to a robot
Difference between g-value and rhs-value in Lifelong Planning A*
Neural Nework code or library for MSP430G2553 microcontroller
Quadcopter propeller physics
Anthropomorphic Arm
Meaning of 'sign' in Writhe Matrix
Meaning of symbol, 'curly N' in the equation of Linear Gaussian system dynamics
Meaning of the equation of graphical model
Enable Bluetooth communication with iRobot Create 2
Autonomous Indoor Positioning System Robot based on CV approach
Reverse engineering commercial drone control algorithms
How is Topology-based representation invariant to certain change in environment
Counting number of people entering a room
Quadcopter PID Algorithm
What is the millisecond rate that robot-create can respond to two different drive commands?
Best sensor to determine "up" versus "down"
What is a CIM motor?
Robotic Arm analysis in Matlab/simulink
Simulating Dynamixel motors in Gazebo
Transfer function of a quadrotor position controller
Create2 Serial. Canonical versus Number of Bytes interface
Ultrasonic sensor range and shape
Servo motors for large scale RC car
Downgrade ROS from Jade to Indigo
Meaning of s_last in D star Lite algorithm
Mechanical odometer with digital output
Hand-eye calibration?
ComputeShortestPath() in Dstar lite algorithm
Quadcopter heading calculation
Quaternion Kalman Filter Algorithm
Most accurate rotation representation for small angles
Motor upgrade to higher torque?
Extracting as many possible end configurations as possible
Mobile robot path following using Model Predictive Control (MPC)
Electric vs. internal combustion engine for propulsion
inverse kinematics for 6 jointed robots
Bayesian filter for 2-D grid localizaton
Quadcopter refuses to fly when the Yaw PID component is added
Regarding Kalman filter and estimating heading with magnetic compass
How do we write a STOP to a continuous Servo?
Steadier wheels - Pin them or lock springs
What's the difference between a holonomic and a nonholonomic system?
What rating Li-Po battery should I get for this configuration?
Smart Home Model with Raspberry Pi
How to know the payload of the chassis from its motors?
Dynamic Model of a Manipulator
how to find maximum force of a robot joint
Implementing an analytic version of an inverse kinematic
Directly observing lidar laser rays
What type of actuator should I use?
Is there a "follow me" Roomba/Create that works like a BEAMBot?
Suitable uC for atonomous robot
Kuka KR16L-2 robot simulation base and wrist rotation inconsistent with original robot
Getting “rospack package not found error” in ROS
What frames are supported by the Dynamixel XL-320 OLLO?
Choosing the right Mecanum wheel
Cannot disable sleep in passive mode for iRobot Create 2
Performing inverse kinematics based on a displacement of the end effector?
Generate transformation matrices for rotating around a object?
How to determine the angles between a UAV and a sphere
Implementation of inverse kinematics solution in c++
Designing Ackerman's Steering Principle for an autonomous robot
How can I improve ZED Camera precision?
motor inertia tensor?
Is my servo fried?
Testbed for testing navigation algorithms
Quality check robot
How to apply A bang-bang signal of amplitude 1 N and 1 s width as an input force to reproduce certain results in Matlab?
How can my robot find its position in any given map without GPS, including when the initial point is not given?
How to check for a sharp angle with a line follower?
Difference between Degrees of Freedom (DOF) and Degrees of Motion (DOM)
How can a quadcopter be made to hover perfectly still?
Quadcopter Flight Controller:Why does Using gyroscope data give better results?
Principle of virtual force - General help in understanding / explanation
Measuring vehicle's forward and lateral acceleration using a smartphone
E: Unable to locate package ros-jade-desktop-full
Are all Flight Controllers and Remote Controls using the same protocol?
Dead Reckoning: Obtaining Position Estimation from Accelerometer Acceleration Integration
Step size in numerical differentiation
Mobile robot algorithm implementation error
Is this a singularity or incorrect implementation of inverse kinematics?
How do I compute the inverse kinematics given a desired transformation matrix?
Perspective n Point - RPnP algorithm
How do the PID parameters (Kp, Ki, and Kd) affect the heading of a differential driving robot when they are increased individually?
What is the wheel base distance of the create2?
How to compensate the brushless DC motor for voltage drop?
Low latency control from a laptop
All-in-one GNSS localization solution (hardware+software)
TCP Communication with PCDuino
Dji Wookong-M - To unstable to take off
Stability of PID values update function for quadrotor
Angular momentum of rimless wheel in Passive Dynamic Walking
Brushless motor from RC car won't spin with even small resistance
What are the biggest challenges to build an highly performant robotic hand?
Which mechanical device could repeatedly present an ID tag to a card-reader
The velocity profile of my robot is fluctuating
Generalized Voronoi Diagram
Path planning vs. linear interpolation?
Path planning for visual servoing
Holonomic and Non-holonomic UAV's: Gliders vs Quadcopters
How do I evaluate the minimum requirements of the processor and camera for a visual SLAM robot?
Maximum distance for robotic arm throwing
Cosine interpolation between two transformation matrices?
Configuration space obstacle - calculating collision
convert toolframe coordinate to world frame coordinates?
Issues with Running Multiple Instructions in Sequence
Computing the Jacobian Matrix -- chain rule?
Using Accelerometer, Gyroscope and any sensor to track speed, position,
Estimating the displacement of a drone in three dimensions
VFH+ (Vector Field Histogram+) : Is it possible to choose a candidate sector without a set goal point?
Solving Inverse Kinematics with Gradient Descent
What's the difference between the term "pose estimation" and "visual odometry"?
Tring to run 12 V DC geared motor using Samsung Li Ion ICR16850 batteries
Change Message Interval ArduPilot
VFH (Vector Field Histogram+): Obtaining the Primary Polar Histogram
Calculate the uncertainty of a 6-dof pose for graph-based SLAM
How to split tasks between interrupts and the main loop on a bare metal controller?
How to find Friction or Viscous force b (nmsec) in DC motor
Do you have to stop first when switching direction for proper encoding readings?
Suggestion for correct battery pack
Quadcopter: X-Y Velocity PID Controller
Starting out, dissertation project using computer controlled drone
Why do series elastic actuators have more accurate and stable force control?
kalman filter with redundant sensors
I'm looking for hands-on experience with different types of leg and hip designs for walking robots
Need help in implementing EKF based SLAM
Linearize a non linear system
Distance calculation with two robots and two obstacles
How to get manufactured part from CAD file?
How to further understand the computed torque model controller
augmenting room magnetic field for smartphone sensors
What software to use to send (OI) commands to Create 2. Using windows laptop and supplied Create 2 cable?
Issue using Digit LEDs Raw (op code 163) on Create2
Can too much input current destroy my motor driver?
Is there an algorithm using the Kinect depth image (not the point cloud) for registration?
How to compile arm compatible binary from an x86 precompiled library on a pc host to be run on an arm target?
Instantaneous velocity calculation from accelerometer?
Why wouldn't my robot stop?
Control of WMR (Wheeled Mobile Robot) in 3D
How to go around in a circle?
Solving Inverse Kinematics with Non-Linear Least Squares
Build a simple robot to learn ROS
How to produce a continuous variation of a discontinuous function?
Stabilising an inverted pendulum
Design in the robotics world
Should I use gyro or encoders for robot moving in straight line?
What is the most realistic grasping simulator?
Raspberry pi 3 location in a set field, no gps
Damping vs Friction
First build - Quadcopter , need help deciding hardware and connections
Handling of a 4WD robot frame as a 2 wheel differential drive
Rotate 3d vector value into a single axis using a rotation quaternion
What information an IMU gives to a drone?
Double/Triple inverted pendulum always on a cart?
What does Simultaneous Localization And Mapping (SLAM) software do?
Position Control vs Velocity Control vs Torque Control
Choice of a motor for robotic arm
In how many ways can a six propellers drone fly or rotate?
Motor Choice given size constraint and load requirement
Rostock Delta Robot 3D Printer Degrees of Freedom (DOF)
How to make a robot?
How are industrial robotics components purchased?
Task space to joint motion space conversion
Locking the yaw direction of a laser pointer
Arduino or Raspberry Pi?
How can I charge a 11,1 volt LiPo akku?
Hubsan x4 drone camera recording black
Ultrasonic Sensor through a column
Is there a way to combine and sync two 2K cameras @ 90fps with ICs
How to use the opcode to start?
Visualizing raw accelerometer and gyro data
SLAM - odometry motion model
How to create a model for temperature control?
What kind of torque is needed for a small 5-6 axis robotic arm?
PID with position and velocity goal?
Detect physical touch/hit
What is the best way to plug in more than 3 stepper motors into a Arduino Uno board?
iRobot Create2: Granularity of drive control?
How does ODE determine contact points in Gazebo?
Bldc motors erratic behavior with Arduino program
iCreate 2 with Arduino (Just getting going)
What are the prerequisites for learning ROS?
Covering Up Ultrasonic Sensor
Switch activated by a microcontroller
Proper naming of PID regulators
Can a robot or mechanical part be programmed to exert a specific force
Create2 incremental encoder rollover method
Using Quaternions to feed a quadcopter PID stabilizing controller to avoid Gimbal lock
Create 2 Reading Sensor Values
The 3 key components of a robot are controller, servo, and reducer. Can someone give us an "official" explanation of what they do respectively?
Triangulation from calibrated stereo rig
Piezo sensors and multiplexers
Quadcopter that can carry heavy things?
Should I use or not EKF for Baro-Acc altitude estimation?
Landmark extraction algorithm
Are there any others alternatives for PID controllers for line following robots?
How to select dc motors for a line following robot?
Generate synthetic accelerometer data based on (x,y,z) coordinate
What does internal sparking in a motor mean?
What are some pitfalls of an ultrasonic sensor?
CC3D PWM control signal characteristic (to be simulated by Raspberry PI)
Fence avoidance for manually controlled robot
Obstacle Avoidance while Navigating
Steering using different speeds in DC motors or using a servo?
Dynamic torque simulation for a 6 DOF robotic arm
Find object using only distance
How does a QuadCopter Startup work ? Will they tune every copter before releasing to market?
Path planning of 2 arm 4dof Robot
Stereo Vision Using Compute Module: Pi camera synchronization
What is the thread/screw size for the iRobot Create 2 internal screw bosses described in the Open Interface Spec doc
Mounting a gimbal BLDC motor
Using a six wire stepper motor with L298n
Question about what motor to use for opening window
Lidar problems in a multi-robot setup
CompressedImage to an Image in a node
RVIZ Transform error Base_link and Camera_link
12 volt input to 5 volt ouput of Arduino
what books do you suggest for a beginner like me ?
Difference between 3D Camera(using IR projection) and Stereo Camera?
OpenRAVE output torques and simulation timestep
is it possible to get all possible solutions of inverse kinematics of a 6 DOF arm?
When was the first time a robot killed a human?
Is horsepower related to torque in electric motors?
Localising a robot placed at an unknown position in a known environment
Autonomous Navigation without Distance Sensors
Typical laser scanner noise values
quaternion implementation
Q Learning And Kohonen Maps For Line Follower Robot
PID Gains: Drop in control loop rate, need to retune?
Battery damaged?
What are the specifications of the digital compass used in iPhone 6S
Understanding and correct drift when using BreezySLAM (aka tinySLAM / CoreSLAM)
Need help regarding odometry using Encoder motor and raspberry pi
Robot positioning using IMU quaternion data?
battery question for DW558 Explorer (small quadrocopter)
Need help regarding development of Extended Kalman Filter for sensor-data fusion of odometry and IMU data
How do I interface with a drone?
view angle of distance sensor
Addressing the sample impoverishment in particle filter
Localization of a Robot to find it Coordinates according to the Known Map
Determining the graspable range of a robot arm
Sensors in Collaborative Robots
IR distance sensor
Will this pseudocode work as a basis for a flight controller?
Is there a portable and accurate sensor to measure the position of the hand relative to the body?
Difference between SLAM and "3D reconstruction"?
What is the difference between ROSberry Pi builds?
I-Robot Create 2 Connectors
Stereo vision for outdoor obstacle detection
NameError: name 'TK' is not defined
unable to install ros kinetic in ubuntu 16.04
Conversion GPS (longitude,latitude) to (x,y) of local reference frame?
How can a DMP be used for simulating physics?
Replacing just the Wheels on Create2
Measure 2 diffrent battery voltages on arduino
Name of the linkage (or carriage) in video
Reward Function for q learning on a robot
Inverse Kinematics Computation -- why are alpha angle values not included
Heading and Yaw Rate Measurements
What is difference between RoboEarth and KnowRob?
I-Robot Create 2 reset after sleep issue?
Odometry motion model for Kalman filter, but is the error zero mean?
Combine individually working cartesian coordinates
Is it possible to use a LiPo charger as a lab bench power supply?
Examples of Zeno Behaviour in the Real World
Why don't cheap toy robotic arms move smoothly?
What are good, low cost, actuators for a braille tablet to be controlled by arduino?
Running a cycle on brushless outrunner motors?
How to properly calibrate a magnetometer in IMU for precise yaw?
Covariance Check?
Do DH parameters change for a scaled robot 3d model?
Accelerometer, gyro, and magnetometer sensor fusion for material resource survey
Scale factor of a 3d robot model relative to the real measurements of a robot
Which kind of motors and how powerfull should they be for a robotic arm
Once matching features are computed between a stereo pair, how can they be tracked?
Help finding robot tracks
Determining position from a 2D map and LIDAR
Shield IMU from magnetic interferences
Is it a bad-design decision to implement high number of moving parts in an automation-robot?
How to make a simple Arduino Insect Robot?
LIDAR Points as Landmarks
How to get live audio from robot?
Power solution for Raspberry Pi robot
What types of motor should I use for a particular application?
3 Axis Gimbal Stabilization System can replace with 3 Axis Accelerometer
Quadrature encoder signal from dc motor is very noisy
Can I use a 3D gimbal system as a simplistic quadcopter IMU(3 axis accelerometer)?
What is the torque transmission efficiency using a bycicle chain/setup for robot?
Is there any C++ library I could use to program a robotic manipulator involving forward and inverse kinematics?
What types of actuators do these industrial bots use?
Technique to increase POV resolution
Communication in SWARM robotics
Base for home robot of a bigger size
Need a pushing mechanism
Auto Stabilising Flight
Off position robot model - Inverse Kinematics
Forward and Revers Kinematics For Modified Hanging Plotter
Differential GPS or Simple GPS for Robot navigation and odometry?
Guidelines for a "stopwatch based" craft
Why is it so hard to walk?
Automated high-precision weighing of individual parts
How to get started on making a dispenser for Indian spices?
Motion primtive: machine learning vs. handcrafted
Save Depth Map Video
ROS/Gazebo: URDF Error: No valid hardware interface element found in joint
Estimating state of moving object from other moving object
Denavit Hartenberg
What algorithm should I use for a line follower?
Granite devices IONI servo drive
How to precisely land a copter in a defined place?
Angular Velocity from dual tri axial accelerometers
Qi Battery Pack
Mechanism to oscillate a human leg?
How has the Mars Exploration Rover (MER) has been working for 11 years if it was designed for 90 Sol?
What are some ways to estimate torque/load on a robotic arm joint
Servo motor eventual shake
Need super-basic help with motor encoder
Need help modelling and coding a feedback scenario
Stabilizing a Drone
Irobot Create 2 drawing power from Pi
Wake up iRobot Create 2 while on dock
State estimation of mobile robot
Why are robots made to mimic humans actions? Isn't it better to make them better than Humans?
Introducing new particles in particle filters for localization
Harmonic drives in hobby projects
Inexpensive lidar/radar rangefinder good up to 100m?
How much weight can the iRobot carry?
What the name of this kind of computer vision?
Gauss Newton Method for Accelerometer calibration
Choosing motor to buy after calculations
Are there any advantages to using a LIDAR for SLAM vs a standard RGB camera?
Drift in Integrating Angular Acceleration to Angular Velocity using two accelerometer data
Rotation matrix sign convention confusion.
How to construct rotary turn table (S/J1 axis) from ball bearing?
What exactly is $\omega_k$ in the stage cost of moving horizon estimation?
ROS : Performing 2-D Pedestrian Dead Reckoning on an AR Drone and displaying location on a floorplan
How to update an EKF when no inputs are available?
Bilateral Stabilization
Utilizing the inertial sensors in an AR Drone
What is a good approach for outlier rejection during real time data filtering?
Using an AR.Drone's IMU to perform PDR
How do monocular visual odometry algorithms work?
What microcontroller and parts will work for the robot project described bellow?
How can I implement tremaux algo in arduino line follower to navigate and create map?
Calculate input parameters of CTRV model
Complimentary filter issues
Seminal work in multi-robot task decomposition
Do I need the 5V to 3.3V level shifter?
2DOF arm with quick movement: Stepper, servo, or DC motor?
There seems to be so many robotic arms on the market, where can I get a list of pros/cons of each?
Why people use camera instead of laser sensor for robot navigation?
Switching from wall power to battery and back again
Do multiple LIDAR systems in same area interfere?
Is it possible to detect road surface or navigation area using LRF data or other laser data in a Park?
Implementing pure pursuit problem in robot navigation?
Accelerometer deterministic errors
I want to know whether the Create2 can interface a LIDAR?
Is there any error analysis of Irobot Create 2?
How to test how much current 9 servos can draw at a time
How can we solve the problem of robot size in sensor based motion planning?
ROS Installation Error : ARCH LINUX
Error while running rosserial node in ROS
Quadcopter takeoff when low throttle /w PID
How are huge industrial robots powered?
Is there an online RobotC IDE?
Stereo camera vs. one camera for player detection & ball tracking in basketball scenes?
On robocup 2d simulation league
Object Detection and Pose Estimaion
how to manipulate arm robot?
How to move root locus to the left?
Area coverage of autonomous underwater robot
Is there any robot stability control equation that describes the relation between velocity of the robot and its orientation?
Assigning parameters in perpendicular axes: D-H is a must
How to power this servomotor?
Pitch angle is either +90° or -90°
What is the torque/force required to rotate the base of a robot arm?
What is the top speed of a four legged robot?
Using the Create2 Tethered Driving program- inputting a string of keyboard presses
What sensors can track small objects (5 cm - 25 cm) in bright sunlight?
Driving sensorless three phase BLDC motor with Arduino and IMU
Question regarding the orientation of Coxa servos in a HEXAPOD
how to add a Matlab code to a simulink model?
How to convert G code to motor command?
Kuka KR-C4 Documentation
2 way Switch powerbar
Relay Fix at Normally Open
Is there a sensor that can measure through an object?
Is there a KUKA IDE?
How to dimension a 3 DOF robot arm with RRR configuration?
Use of ADC with Sharp Infrared Sensor
Advise on ROS move_base costmap footprint not connected error
Multiple robots in ROS Gazebo SITL with separate MAVlink/MAVproxy codes
What relay or other gizmo do I need to switch between two circuits?
Should I use an arduino to control my balancing robot's motors?
Cleanflight : 4 first channels not working and "Failed to open serial port"
Transforming Point Cloud to get Top Down Image
Suggestion for relevant non-complex simulator
Software simulation vs. real world scale model simulation
Calculating screw breakaway torque
Kalman filter: 3D measurement error to individiual components
Platooning leader follower code
Self Driving Robotics Project : ROS or Python
How to implement PD controller to this 2D planar quadcopter dynamics?
How does fast slam creates grid maps?
Motor-controller with path output
Appropriate control scheme for gripper end-effector
In vision based localization, is it possible to make multiple vehicles cooperate to improve the estimation of each other?
Question about ROS, how to explain to someone what ROS is?
Bullet vs ODE to simulate robotic arm
What are these mechanical parts attached to robot arm structures, seen on larger robots?
How to convert this arduino code snippet to AVR GCC?
Connected battery, esc and motor does not power up the arduino
Adafruit PCA9685 servo driver connected to Beaglebone Green Wireless generating erratic movement when driving multiple servos
Adding magnetic field vector to a Kalman filter
How to use registration inputs on a Kinetix servo?
Problems connecting to the Granite Devices USB6AX motion controller
What kinematic equations should I use for Kalman filter state propagation in IMU based quadcopter navigation?
Do you have to stop a programmable logic controller to update its logic?
IMU in a gimbal system
Derivative of a Jacobian matrix
How to implement a particle filter when sensors can't identify landmarks?
How is whole body control different from computed torque control?
How can I apply different control approach without having a state space model?
Hi i am working on this project regarding localization of a mobile robot using laser scanner and odometry ( encoder sensors) using labview
Changing the logic on a PLC while it is running - exact timings
Inverse kinematics: how to specify TCP constraints in an iterative algorithm?
DH parameters for PRP manipulator
Fetching encoder value with SimpleMotion library by Granite Devices
Inverse kinematics
Robot Arm Simulation
Mobile robot identification
On-site waste-sorting robot feasibility and availability
"Updated" Help in iRobot create serial communication in Arduino
EKF state propagation model using variables that are not part of state vector
Confusion between wrist, tool and end effector
Series Elastic Actuator (Passive compliance) vs Impedance or admittance control
CNC: Linear motion without timing belt or lead screw
Definition of payload for industrial robots
Dealing with fixed transformations while solving inverse kinematics
Pick and place using only vision information and forward kinematics
How to communicate Ardupilot with Arduino
How to create Matlab Simulation for Kinematics of Differential Drive
Line follower for coloured lines
Ornstein Uhlenbeck vs Epsilon Greedy
Stereo Camera calibration with different camera types
What is the difference between DC motor with encoder and DC with out encoder?
Implementation of the Control of a Quadrotor, as taught in Aerial Robotics in Coursera
KUKA arm's damping ratio
Granite devices Ionicube
Integrating GPS into Graph SLAM (how orientation fixed?)
Differential Drive Odometry Model
Can I use a FTC regulation phone to use the camera on multiple tasks?
Can I create an autonomous robot that can adapt its strategy using machine learning?
Forward Kinematics od Differential Robot
I found the matrices but can't find the inverse kinematics angles
UR3 TCP/IP communication protocol
Understanding and implementing belief space planning
Issue with series command in MATLAB
EtherCAT slave sensor node
Issue with open loop gain computation
Paradox: I can't use accelerometer measurements to obtain information about my states in a quadcopter?
What is the best way to compute the probabilistic belief of a robot equipped with a vision sensor?
What sensors and algorithms are used in Digital Pen for tracking hand writing?
Illegal position data with Mitsubishi Melfa RV-2F-Q robotic arm
Does simulink accepts robotics toolbox in matlab?
Intelligent robotic arm and its control system
How can I compare robot and human hands?
Kalman Filter GPS + IMU
Matlab Inverse Kinematics 6 DOF
Motor Controller Configuration
Cascaded PID in Quadcopter control
Reading Intention for exoskeletons motion estimation
What is the bicycle model for a dynamic robot?
Comparison of Balance Bot design
Motion planning with sequential convex optimization
showing error while using inverse kinematics "ikine" for 4 dof robotic arm
How to make RRT to work for dynamic systems?
Angles from gyroscope readings using quaternions
How can i get the Laplace Transfer function for control process for quadcopter?
How to interpret and use values of an accelerometer
Depth accuracy of the stereo camera
iRobot Create2+Arduino: Make the robot stop when facing an obstacle
Velocity Relation for Parallel Robots
Inverse kinematics showing incorrect results for 4 dof robot in MATLAB using Robotics Toolbox
Is this large bipedal robot real or realizable?
Integrating Forward Kinematics Map
Reading multiple signed digits from serial port
One motor, two wheels (motor direction rotates one wheel forward, reverse for other wheel)?
Sensors, Methods for Finding Other Robots
Cheapest GPS that is accurate to ca. 30cm in woodland
Parallel axis theorem to determine the moment of inertia
How to transform Accelerometer data from the robots frame to the world frame
Converting a differential equation into its Laplace transform
Plug & play motors, actuators and drivers system
How does Amazon ensure its drones are not shot down or captured when in service
How to seal a threaded rod so I won't lose oil?
Learning micro-controller programming
How many solutions are there to this
Reliability of Raspberry Pi in Wild Life Guardian Drone project
Do I need extra software on the EV3 to use Robotary?
Tuning PID controller for sharp turns in line follower robot
Is it better to use software or hardware for object sorting?
Self balancing robot control system strategies
Could anyone complete my challenge?
Proportional controller with state feedback controller
Possible stabilize Crazyflie 2.0 drone autonomous flight without additional sensors?
Resources for object detection with 2D Laser Scanner (planar only)
Handling GYROSCOPE BIAS DRIFT
Problem with angle calculation
remote controlled quadcopter : Why is it not possible to send all the commands over one channel?
Using gmapping without ROS?
How to calculate battery size for servo motors?
Powering a 6v servo and 12v servo
Going around Voltage Limitation on Battery for Steppers?
Does iRobot 681 have a serial interface?
Lego Mindsotrms RCX 1.0 CPU
Are the any self reproducing robots?
How do I determine the required encoder resolution for a control system?
Locate a quadcopter in x,y space
Balance Bot PID tuning
Any free or paid software for graphical drawing of Robotics Kinematic Scheme?
How to decide links length of manipulator?
SLAM system for LIDAR and Stereo camera for cone detection for Autonomous driving
Problem with inverse kinematics in robotic arm using Matlab
How to consider gravity in the design of a compensator?
Constrained Second Angle Double Pendulum
Road Detection When the Robot is Off-Road
Stereo camera pair focal lengths
PID Controller for line following robot
Negative torque and negative velocity during reverse dynamics in Matlab Robotics Toolox.
How to remotely send command to a robot connected to a separate machine through serial port?
Can high voltage power lines provide a super highway for drones?
Which is best way to calculate inverse kinematics for scara robot?
PID for variable Setpoint
Robot won't work properly, claw will only go one way and will only open or close once per cycle
How can I turn a bowl/glass upside down?
Why there is so much research going on in humanoid robots?
Permanent Magnet DC Motor Calcuations
Cloth (non-rigid body) manipulation with computer vision?
How to find state-space representation of quadcopter?
Draw circle with 4-axis robotic arm
Proper cable to connect 12 V, DC 6 Ah batteries to Sabertooth Motor Controller for Lawnbot?
NAO applications using ROS
Robot detection in motion
How can I calculate Center of mass for each link of Robot?
Parallel connection of batteries with equal voltage but different Ah?
What is the effect that the size of the correlation window (in pixels) has on the matching performance of stereo algorithms?
How to use RL (Robotics Library) with Xcode?
How to calculate what wind speed is required to lift 1kg?
Programming Inverse Kinematics in C++
Prediction of Ready to Use Robotic Control Cards Codes
Arduino output SPWM using Matlab
Question about EKF covariance equations
Inverse kinematics Calculation for 3dof robotic arm
iRobot Create 2 to Vacuum (2)?
Inverse kinematics for a four-legged robot
Autonomous boat obstacle avoidance
Standard Deviation from one axis to another axis
which is best IMU for Quad-Copter
How do I hack RC transmitter of my drone by realised communication with my PC?
Line follower robot with 2 or 4 motors?
Explanation of Quadcopter Dynamics, Components and Control
Monobrick Communication Library-reading nxt sensors
Geometrical solution to an IK problem for a humanoid robot leg
Model Predictive Control (MPC) horizon and constraints
Visual SLAM for wheeled robot
How does a measurement model for camera based PNP work?
Create 2 kill switch?
SLAM: Why use two cameras (stereo) if SLAM can be done using single camera (monocular)?
Strange EKF localization covariance behavior during prediction only
How to make sense of IMU (BNO055) data
Need clarification on potential fields for robotics
How quickly can a driverless vehicle generate control commands?
How to evaluate 3D Occupancy grid maps
Alternatives to Kalmam Filter
Why ODE for optimal control theory
Denavit-Hartenberg Humanoid robot
Gazebo joint->SetForce() call applies forces to the whole model. How to circumvent that?
Self learning robotics algoritm: feedback needed
How to Calculate the Translational and Rotational Velocity of a 4 Wheeled Robot?
Arduino + SIM900: Identify if call is received?
Programming Forward and Inverse Kinematics of PUMA 560?
Strain gauges or flex sensors
What is killing the robots exploring Fukushima?
is designing a pcb with multiple controllers a good schematic design?
issues with LSA-08 line sensor for line tracing
Granite Devices Ioni Pro. PWM set point mode
Inverse kinematics for a robot lamp
Simple sensor to detect motion of inanimate objects
How to reduce the DC motor starting current?
Why are two cameras mounted in paralle in stereo application?
Markov Localization using control as an input
High speed usb webcam
detect post-it from an image of a visual management Board
Recording GPS position
Arduino robot to move spirally
What exactly does a motor driver do ? Why do we need additional power supply for motors
RobotC graphical raise arms while reversing
How to relate forward kinematics into PWM/speed?
Matlab Simulink showing following errror: kinematic constraints cannot be maintained
Creating MAVLink commands from python
2.4GHz helicopter hack [Edited]
Are there any open source path planning libraries that implement Voronoi diagram techniques?
motor to turn a screw to move a lever
LQR for Inverted pendulumn
Robot clutch to disengage wheels
how to calculate the angular velocity of end effector of two link robot arm?
How to call remote ros node on mobile robot through laptop using wifi
Robot arm matlab Simulink simulation error
Scaling monocular SLAM with another source?
What are the recommended interconnects for wiring a battery to a motor via its driver?
Estimate Disparity Error for Depth Accuracy Estimation
Why do I need an additional moment of inertia term in the cart-pole dynamics equation?
Which motors are used in boston spot robot
Hexapod walking algorithm
1 motor and 180 degree servo or just 2 motors?
Can I model a 1D segway as a cart-pole system?
real-time stereo vision system for long range (up to 100m) depth estimation
Dynamics of a 3R planar robot manipulator,matrices M(q),C(q,q') and G(q)
Calculate Transformation between two point sets - but with constrained Degrees of Freedom
How to mock a device during development?
Robot end effector sensor query
Is the working principle of all servo motors the same?
A sensor that can see glass/transparent objects and surfaces
How to measure pull force on a (kite) rope?
What's the mathematical definition of quaternion 3x3 covariance matrices, and how does it relate to euler angles?
Mathematical modelling of system dynamic on matlab
DX100 controller communication protocol
serial monitor not showing proper output
Help with setting up Inverse Kinematics
Retrieving distance and angle of roobma create2
Why do the motors of my quadcopter not deliver sufficient power?
How to make a particle filter evaluation function with LIDAR sensing?
Camera selection for long range stereo vision system (up to 100 meters)
Inverse dynamics for robotic arm using Matlab Simmechanics
Motion input in Simmechanics Matlab.
How can I compensate for pendulum and cart motion when using an accelerometer to detect the tilt angle?
Arduino uno A0 pin not working properly
Why does one IMU axis influence another?
Biped Robot not getting on one foot
Motion planning and robot controlling
Modified DH Parameter for Puma 560
Is it possible to use an arduino in hard real time
Modified DH Parameters for Puma 560 - Wrong Results
How to Visualize a real robot's movements on a map?
Is pyserial real time
Error when using Matlab Function block in Simechanics (nested functions and parsing of Matlab function both error)
how to read and write data with pyserial at same time
Why to combine a Raspberry Pi (or similar board computer) and an Arduino for controlling motors?
How to get Max Torque on Robot arm 's Joints (RRR)
About official robotics system toolbox Matlab and Peter Corke Robotics toolbox matlab
Help with fusing multiple measurements with known covariances
Do I need gyro sensor to make sure my automower turn 180deg if I already used 9DOF IMU?
bounded deviation for straight line motion
Can an arduino control a large servo motor?
Inverse kinematic solution not giving the same forward kinematics answer
Using Standard Digital camera for Computer Vision
How do you make a device that can pick up nerve signals?
What method is commonly used in industral manipulators
Mounting gear on a servo
How big is the set of kinematics singularities?
PID tuning with (Deep) Reinforcement Learning
Humanoid robot arm - inverse kinematics - choose joint solutions
I want to code with arduino, but do not have a good computer
Single Board Computer/Microcontroller Recommendations for controlling large DC motors?
How to model transition matrix in indirect kalman filter with external orientation estimate
What stepper motor driver to use?
Mounting on servo horn
Using 3D graphics animate the robot in Matlab GUI
Self-Motion Manifolds
Biped State Space Implementation
How to check lane departure in OpenCV?
Simple inertial 2d path planning library for arduino
Error in simmechanics matlab while doing inverse dynamics using custom joint
What is the direction of current flowing through the freewheeling diodes in H-bridge if I use BJT?
Very slow calculations of link orientation for 6DOF IK
Baby Child Following Robot
sendTransform() takes exactly 6 arguments (2 given)
Jacobian Matrix and joint dependecies
holonomic and non holonomic constraints in layman's term
Balancing robot tuning approach
Inverse kinematics solutions pros and cons
Can i use a predictive kalman filter to 'increase' my sample rate?
Getting velocity from IMU acceleration
Accessibility distribution of three vector fields
gzclient: segmentation fault
Compact 4 Node Raspberry Pi 3 Cluster for Robots?
GPS message: compute ephemeris data and pseudo-ranges from subframes
CNC Programming - How to mill diagonal edge of a contour (CNC Simulator Pro)?
Why are some motor shafts stiff while others spin freely when not powered?
Tuning Line follower PID constants with Q-learning
Making a robot move straight between two maze walls
Which sensors will best suited for indoor/outdoor SLAM system with high accuracy of localization?
5kHz arm control, grasp end effector
How do the joint angles of a 4-legged impact the body's position with respect to the world frame?
Localization on a robot grid
Long range distance measurements
Will Lidar see a fence?
Forward kinematics equations
How to calculate the max load that owi 535 arm can lift?
what controller do we use in robots that has forward and inverse kinematics?
unstable quad with naza m lite
Are scissors what I want for moving straight up and out?
How to implement RANSAC and kalman filter or particle filter algorithms with ROS packages?
MPU6050: Changing Gyro Output Range Throws off Positional Reading
For the second Paden-Kahan Sub-problem, how is 'r' determined?
Is it my PID that is unstable or my physical system? (Quadcopter)
Google's 'Tango' - How it works and what's special about the hardware?
How path following works analytically for way points?
Convert Twist from frame B to frame A
Is it possible that a quadcopter hold height for long time stable only using IMU (without GPS) and barometer?
Supplying power from a power bank to an arduino and DC Motors
Get the arm joint angles with kinect 1
Robot Graphical Representation in Real Time
What's the name of a robot manipulator construction with multiple thin arms joined together?
Regarding Pose Graph Slam using Lidar
difference between sabertooth motor controller and rc esc?
Robot Veering to the Left
Pose-graph-slam:using only a camera
How to control 6v micro solenoid from arduino
Confused about time systems in ephemeris computation (from GPS subframes)
Using IR LED and photodiode to estimate range and bearing of other Swarm Robots
How to program a continuous servo motor? (Arduino)
Roslaunch Gazebo Turtlebot Simulation Not Working
Computation of Coriolis Matrix
Difference between form closure and force closure
Why does the motor only run between 170-180?
Send numerical values from Matlab to arduino
Navigation Potential fields algorithm
What does ardupilot do and how does it do it?
Recreating Roomba behavior in a spherical robot
How to create a Industrial Robotic arm controller?
Are there any comprehensive video courses or lecture notes on Industrial robotics?
Scale problem with monocular visual odometry
how to move my robot to the assigned coordinates
How to remove sound comming from servo motor?
Orocos KDL issue with Rotation (matrix) - Inverse Kinematics
What is exact model of haptic interface system in the paper "Time-Domain Passivity Control of Haptic Interfaces"?
RobotC Code Malfuncion (VEX Robotics Clawbot)
what is the difference between a voltage source and current source?
Second-order dynamical systems
6 axis robot arm with non-perpendicular axes?
Transfer Function for Hitec Servo Motor
How to compute the field of view of a robot when obstacles are around?
Is there a commercially available inertial gyro with electronic control?
Area of Study for Advanced Robotics Work
Is there a better way to deal with untextured regions in stereo matching
Lego Mindstorms EV3 gyro sensor offset fix
Testing and Lifespan of Industrial Robots?
(solved) How to glue syringe?
F3 robot communications protocol?
Mobile robot speed synchronization for straight line moving
Wheel Odometry Covariance Matrix for Custom Robot
Effect of camera misalignment errors in dual cameras
Accuracy of 3D scanners in featureless environments
How does a personal tracking tripod work?
How can I simulate baxter in MoveIt without a real baxter?
I need the scheme of Irobot creator 2
How to convert raw Pitot tube readings to air speed in m/s?
Is it possible to turn an irobot roomba into a create
How to pick up a card from a pile
What happens from code to robotic action?
DC motor - max current
How to track multiple robots with particle filter
How can i connect two adafruit 16-channel 12-bit PWM/Servo Driver I2C interface (pac9685) to Raspberry or Arduino
hector SLAM in ROS with RPLIDAR
setup requirement of stereo camera
Transform timestamped messages recorded in a bag file using tf messages
Real-time TCP position/pose control on a robotic arm such as YuMi: recommendation to calculate IK/Inverse Jacobian?
Converting Image Coordinates to (x, y) Position for Robotic Arm
Add failsafe to reinforcement learning algorithm
How unique are Quarternions and what about the sign?
Does multiple IMU increase accuracy
System Requirements for Gazebo
Determining the speed of each pole for a transfer function
Full 3D Pose (Scale, Rotation and Translation) Estimation using Gyro and Acceleromter sensors fusion
Control method of large linear actuator
How to create push and pull mechanism using Servo
Combining centres of mass and Inertia tensors
Different methods to determine DOF: Chebychev-Kutzbach-Grubler method vs. Screw method
How to work with arduino softwareserial communication?
Use of universal humanoid robots for lean and agile manufacturing and services?
Symbolic Representaion of Links and Joints: How to sketch complex manipulators using simple symbols?
DH parameters of a PUMA-type manipulator
Can you detect if encoder wire is connected on a motor?
Will this have more or less lifting strength
What type of wheel is preferable for a soccerbot?
DH Parameters of RRP planar manipulator
Servo coupler size needed
Consitent Scale in Monocular pose estimation
How to receive messages from a UR10 URScript?
MPU9255 gyro data to roll pitch?
How to compute a path from a Frame A to a Frame B
Is it possible to control joint torque using the position input and torque feedback?
Math behind trajectory planning
How is a shear pad of remote compliance device formed?
Connecting two servo motors to drive one shaft
Irobot Create 2 Open Interface Communication
Stabilising a quadcopter using YPR
Euler Angles Order For Quadrotor Modelling
Confusion about order of homogeneous transform multiplication
How can there be a difference in quaternion values of two points taken from sensors where the orientation is exactly same?
using Li-Ion batteries in parallel
Adding a floating joint to a sphere in urdf
Computing Yaw angle from position and velocities
Two-wheeled self-balancing robot - Choosing the control system
How to update the cartesian target when the robotic arm has a communication delay?
Electronic Spring Vibrating Spheres
Do Arduino Boards contain enough processing power for 4 DOF Robotic Arm
Why EKF-SLAM uses EKF instead of linear Kalman Filter?
Brushless DC motor problems at high velocities
I am making a Ping pong-playing robot using two cameras to trace the ball (3D vision),what is the minimum Frame rate of the cameras?
Correct calibration parameters of stereo system due to vibrations
Estimating yaw angle and yaw rate for a frontal vehicle
Motor for DIY Electric skateboard
Algorithm for Determining Mobile Base Positioning Given End Effector Pose
Quadcopter flight controller - black smoke?
What is the difference between conventional and unconventional path planning methods?
Problem with Coordinate Transformation
Is MoveIt! suitable for fixed-wing aircraft path planning and obstacle avoidance?
Create 2 packet group 100
Does Inverse Kinematics need the current joint angles?
Confirm my understanding on BLDC motors
Robots with less than 6 degrees of freedom
Coordinate transform of accelerometer on rigid body
iRobot Create 2 -language set error type 2
How to derive the Cubic Interpolation algorithm?
Stepper motor control
Will two 8-bit microcontrollers running in parallel perform similarly to a single 16-bit microcontroller?
Calculating the singular configuration of a 3 revolute joint manipulator
Ardupilot on Raspberry Pi
Handling changing frames in ROS
BeagleBone to Arduino analog communication
Differential GPS
Dashboard for IRobot Create 2
Help !!Homogeneous transformation matrix
What is the intuitive explanation of using Jacobian of observation model while calculating Kalman gain in EKF SLAM?
Do robots usually have databases?
Unmanned guard boat
Correct Fish eye camera radial distortion and blurry stretch at the image edges
How to choose a motor for water surface vehicle?
Live Streaming video via Arduino with limited space
Rotate DC servo motor with ARDUINO
.launch file associated while using a sensor
Can a state matrix have a row of zeros?
Kalman filter prediction questions
Software for mission planning in multi-robot systems
Driving Rhino DC servo motor using Arduino through commands sending from MATLAB
2D quadcopter simulation position controller and PD controller
Recognizing a line from three r-theta ultrasonic distance readings?
How can reading a quadrature encoder fail?
Obstacle avoiding by Pi camera
Starting and stopping a heavy rotating disc
Telescoping linear actuator
Why the IMU measurements only accumulate drift in 4DOF
I need help figuring out what motor is used in this design
Inertia Tensors in 3D objects for robot dynamics
Stepper Motor For "Cable Car" System
Guessing the K matrix gain for the Optimal Control LQR?
Theory behind wheeled inverted pendulum robots
Image registration with ground plane for surround view
Find the robot pose from three beacon measurement
Calibrating a laser scanner to a line camera
PI with poor sampling rate
What is are digitally-mated pairs
Why the bldc motor not able to move my water boat?
Extended Kalman Filter for IMU
Electronic speed controllers and total current draw
Would the quad fly better with a 3S or 4S based on the weights of the batteries?
6DOF Robot Dynamics from Newton-Euler Iterative Algorithm
Grid based SLAM using BeagleBone Green Wireless and RPLIDAR
Can we specify the working zone for the robot using SLAM approach for navigation?
Is there an open source autonomous vehicle simulator with control over traffic?
Detecting "zero" when turning a potentiometer from a stepper motor
Open-source software that supports multi robot simulation and navigation capabilities
Communication between Intel Edison and Open Mv7
What's wrong in controlling Roll+Roll rate in a quad-copter instead of using 2 separate loops for each?
Facing problems in Mask vector in Robotics toolbox
Which is the best visual fiducial marker (2D barcode)?
Can I write the seperation principle for LQG controllers in this state space form?
Control a robotic gripper
Understanding inverse kinematics with the Jacobian
Motor Controller Power Supply
Why doesn't this kalmanfilter filter anything? Reduce disturbances and noises with LQG controller
Can I implement continuous time feedback regulator in an Arduino microcontroller?
Compensation for IMU mounting misalignment
Should the kalmanfilter have disturbance as input?
How can I use an RC servo to rotate more than 360 deg and still maintain positional accuracy?
What is the function of inductors in series between the terminals and the brushes of a DC motor?
Multicopter: What are Euler angles used for?
High Res Rotary Encoders
Stepper Motor Torque
How to find the Adjoint matrix of multiple twists
Linear State Space of a 6DOF robot
Sensing an actuator using vision
Why do my quad copter motors slowly decrease RPM with full throttle?
Do the distance function and steering function in an RRT have to be related?
Quadrapod vs Hexapod
Controllling an industrial robotic arm
What is the typical weight distribution for a brushless motor?
DC motor pid control
Localization within a map with gyro, accelerometer and magnetometer
What battery capacity would be required to run a component for an hour?
Using a different T/X on my quadcopter
Issues with the dual VNH2SP30 motor carrier and 131:1 metal gearmotor 37Dx73L mm w/ 64 cpr encoders
normalized point coordinates in undistortPoints function
Postion of Robotic Arm Joints
Robot with Double Integrator Model
RC Transmitter for DIY
Are homogeneous coordinates represented by appending image coordinates with a 1 in camera imaging
Probabilistic Robotics: Map-based motion model
How to locate an object on a known surface
Industrial servo motor
Robot with Double Integrator Model
Build (Assembly kits?) the frame of a robot
Unmet dependencies error when installing ROS indigo on Ubuntu 14.04.3
Maintaining scale factor for essential matrix
Help finding a linear actuator
Scara vs. Articulated arm robot
What is the difference between object pose estimation and object tracking?
IMU alignment methods
Best way to detect a range of key points in the image of a given cloth article
How rotate a point around an arbitrary line in 3D?
Cheap light fast industrial robot?
DC gearmotor stall current and battery capacity
BBC Micro bit PWM link to CC3D quad controller
Using C++ to control a drone
Mobile robot pose estimation
What is a control loop?
What's the diffrence between $H_2$ and $H_\infty$ controll?
Create 2 weird sensor reading 254
Programming Roomba other than Create 2 using RaspberryPi
I’m building a robot.what kind of sensor can find the way home
How to efficiently update a local Cartesian frame when traveling over long distances on a curved earth
Stop giving current to motor with Roboclaw
Is a larger Kv equivalent to more voltage?
Design of an equatorial mount
Determining rated speed (RPM) required for a DC gearmotor
Tool calibration- orientation
How to move a robot to a point while avoiding obstacles?
Linear actuator for impact tests
iRobot Roomba 620 (similar to create 2) enters power saving mode although the is a pulse at BRC pin and wakes up at next pulse
Handling PID DC motor control at low speeds
Force calculations for a wheeled robot
How to setup CLion for ROS?
Do I need to use separate function in PID algorithm to make the bot go LEFT or RIGHT?
forward and inverse kinematics of arm
Correctly calculating free acceleration given NED referenced orientation quaternion and sensor referenced acceleration data
Euler-Lagrange Dynamic model
Continual error attempting to use MicroPython with HC-SR04 sensor on Bit:Bot
Forward monocular stereo vision (Structure from Motion)
If two ir proximity sensors or two ultrasonic sensors are kept face to face , will they give bad readings for interference?
how to make a configuration space of a robot manipulator?
My Plug Says It's USB, I can't Identify
Powering a robot using the 12v adapter
Quadcopter controlled by Raspberry Pi
Kalman filter localisation equations
Tracking a ball returning its x,y,z coordinates
How to apply Inverse Kinematics with angle constrained servos?
Resampling step for MC variation reduction
DH parameters to solve forward kinematics problem
Make Pepper understanding and speaking German or other none-english languages
How to prioritize target position over target angle in Inverse Kinematics?
clarity in understanding the moment of inertia matrix D and Coriolisis and centripetal matrix C as per attached equations
Wire connectors
Kalman filter GPS + IMU fusion get accurate velocity with low cost sensors
how to get h*w point cloud from laser scan not just planer
how to make a robot stand after it has fallen
Thrust and Torque on Quad Rotor
Robot real time control
DH parameters solution for forward kinematics
Jacobian of a Robot
How do CAD programs solve for Inverse/Forward Kinematics problem in Assembly?
How to make ROS enabled Quadrotor with raspberry pi?
DH- Parameters of BCN3D Arm
Generating double s-curve velocity profiles with given time
Holonomic constraint forces using Lagrange multipliers
Localizing two points using self position and angle between this points
Computationally efficient way to represent joint C space for a multi-robot RRT
Best way for IROBOT Roomba 960 to "climb" 26mm step
Controlling Pepper using ROS
CC3D connector cable connection with receiver
Quadcopter Flat Surface Roll Pitch angle not 0 Degree
Do i really need an AHRS for 2D maps?
How would i implement position and heading readings into my SLAM system?
EKF based SLAM, marginalization and key-frames
Which Trajectory representation for optimization
Simple relation between lifting weight and power of the motor in quad-rotors?
explanation of kalman filter
Do Polycarbonates (lexan) block wifi
finding the frequency of CAN send and CAN receive messages using CAN in Ubuntu
$p(m|x_t, u_t, x_{t-1})$ What does Thrun mean with the "map probability"?
Converting product of exponentials from base frame to end-effector frame
Type of power connector on the new Kawasaki controller
How to eliminate motion blur with realtime performance
How to find a smartphone with a quadcopter?
Marginalization in Graph SLAM
ROS + SLAM + kinect. which platform to use?
How to build an autonomous navigation system for robots?
When is the case to use hard real time?
Generation of a trajectory (position,velocity,acceleration) from velocity
What is the difference between speed encoders and esc
Controls Project, Inverted Pendulum. Design issues
Cannot see ground plane patterns with LiDAR
Process noise and Measurement noise in Kalman filter
ROS for an autonomous boat
Are robot's codes usually compiled or interpreted?
Communicate with Roomba 871
How to calculate my power supply voltage and current?
How do ultrasonic range behave with two objects at differents distance?
Is there a better type of sensor to measure the distance instead of Ultrasonic sensors
Disturbance rejection of PID controller with low sampling rate
How do timings affect input, sensor fusion, and output?
How can I draw with a 3 DOF RRR arm ,I have done the Forward and Inverse KInematics
Can someone explain what is going on in this calibration video?
TWIP robot - DC gearmotor speed/Encoders
affordable and easy to use one dimensional force sensor or load-cell
How to get longest flight time on octocopter that has decent payload already on it?
Getting started with motion planning
Why do we need ROS?
IMU measurement model
Calculated yaw angle is not poper (EKF)
How to improve confidence an object is in a particular place
Is there a formal name for translating poses into robot states?
Doppler effect in long distance communication using 868MHz band for telemetry signals
Extended Kalman Filter in robotics - Worth it?
Rate random walk from datasheet MPU6050
Inconsistent robot behavior
Poor accuracy of hand eye calibration when using vanilla Tsai's method
Fire Fighting robot searching for fire in arena algorithm
Gyroscope modeling parameters
Raspberry Pi and Buzzers: Simple solution
cable-controlled flexion and extension
Calculating J3 rotation relative to J2?
What does SE mean in robotics literature?
Why is a computer vision system similar to the human vision
Hand eye calibration wrong result
Inferring joint orientation on multi-joint arm
Baxter and Robotics System Toolbox
Holonomics Movement vs Holonomics Constraint
PID Controller Output Mapping for Motor Speed Control
How can we estimate the likelihood field for a particular scan in probabilistic terms?
What parameters can be/should be looked on while deciding to work with a microcontroller in a bot
Reducing noise between 3 ultrasonic sensors and make Autonomous Robot more precise
Calculating the resistor for a buzzer
How many AR markers should I use to get the object pose?
How to include a space and robot geometry with OMPL
Effectiveness of visual odometry algorithms (CPU usage)
Can Lego Mindstorms EV3 be run on Intel Atom 1.33 GHz CPU?
IR pattern projector
Question about terminology of robotic architecture
Any open source simulation software which is able to simulate robots and their movements?
Looking for cheap Xbox/playstation like remote controller for robots
Scan an Auditorium, Count People, and Display Open Seats
Correct Quadcopter Yaw control implementation
What happens when I connected my unpowered servo connector power wire to the powered arduino 5V pin?
In the SLAM for dummies what is z-h in updating X?
First steps in robotics
Confusion in fixing DH frames
State vector for a Quad-copter?
Calculating the covariance matrix of a measurement
Determining time difference of image capturing in multi camera setup
I fused a GPS and IMU and I am wondering if my results make sense
How many robots is considered to be a robotic swarm not a group of robots?
Daisy chaining resistors for an LED circuit
Robotic vessel navigation using GIS datasets
Introduction to AI Robotics book: robot implementation, with ROS?
Project ideas for Robot modeling
Machine Learning or Deep Learning libraries used in Robotics with FPGAs?
Replace screws with motors!
Standard deviation calculation for a single measurement
Is it possible to use neural networks with Arduino?
Validation of dh parameters
Beach Cleaning Robot - Wheel Slip problem
Is it possible to achieve control of 4 DOF in quadcopter?
Is it good idea to build robots with Android OS?
How to detect books in a bookshelf?
Are there any Open-Source bricks projects for robotics?
Programmable Microcontroller for Drones
How to open a coffin for halloween decoration?
Waterproofing LiDAR?
Yaw from accelerometer? No! So what do these equations actually mean?
Robot Position Control on Treadmill
Rotary Serial Elastic Actuator
How do robotics companies track faults in production systems?
Autonomous vessel general design
Create a dummy GPS
Suggestions for a rotational actuator
FPGAs and stepper motors for precision control
Heading drift on Beaglebone Blue on small AUV due to power cables (I think)
Simple PID Loop Question
Self balancing roboter IMU issue
Interfacing multiple ethernet sensors on ROS system (single ethernet port)
How to round of these values to 0
How do I compute the Jacobian of a two-link manipulator arm?
How to set sensor output
Drone Feedback: Object Detection / Color Detection
Nuc, custom pc or raspberry pi?
Controlling a digital 360 degree servo
Beginners guide to Inverse Kinematics for biped robots?
What is the difference between "Sharp Distance Sensors" and "Diffuse Type Sensors" and others?
Understanding the current limitations of small industrial robots
How can I stream Kinect V2 tracking data from PC to Raspberry Pi 3 through WiFi?
Why don't bipedal robots ever feature natural movement?
Unscented Kalman Filter VS Extended Kalman Filter on stability
Industrial Controllers - Why not adaptive control and robust control
OpenCV get topdown view of planar pattern by using intrinsic and extrinsic from cameraCalibrate
What algorithm should I use to make a dynamic Line following robot?
Error starting image_view video_recorder using launch file
DH Parameters with offset base
Inverse Kinematics Tools
Configuration space of rotating link
How can I calculate speed and torque of stepper motor screw
hand_eye_calibration, surface normal by stereo vision
Raspberry PI with HKpilot32
Setting initial conditions in a quadcopter numerical simulation
I am looking for some basic mechanical parts to build structures(prototypes)?
Build a drone with a raspberry pi 2 as receiver for the CC3D-LibrePilot
What kind of sensor do quadcopter uses?
Kalman filter for vision based pose estimation: 'good' measurements not improving system covariance
Smart camera image processing on embedded GPU vs. in the cloud
Determine the relative camera pose given two RGB camera frames in openCV-python
how to sync the timer in control system with ROS?
How to make a line following algortihm for an A.R Drone 2.0?
How can serial manipulator have unique condition number for given end effector position?
Optimization of link lengths for 3R serial manipulator
How's robot vacuum cleaner back to charger when battery is low?
Relative scale in SfM
How could I make an all electric model rocket?
How to check reachability of manipulator to a point?
Why does the Denavit-Hartenberg representation fail to capture the length of the last link in my model?
Why to stop a particle filter if the robot does not move?
Dynamics of a robot manipulator with a force acting on the end-effector
Quicktron company - Mobile robots (Equivalent of Kiva Systems?)
Optimal-Time Trajectory Planning in 1D
Multiple Line Estimation
Robotic arm select servo motors
Cmake Error While Buliding Pixhawk simulator
Correct Hardware for a Small Lightweight Robotic Arm
How to compute the observation matrix for a Kalman Filter?
How Do You Program the SR04 Ultrasonic Sensor?
Using jacobian of arm robot to calculate transformation matrices?
What software can I use to 3d model and simulate my robot?
Image coordinate to robot coordinate
How to track two set-points with one output?
How do I choose the stepper motor torque for my robotic arm
Kinect V2 (Arm/Hand Reading) to G-Code
Searching for an idea to enhance robot chasis strength
How to use a PS4 controller to control a Quadcopter
Generate a coverage path given a polygon region
How do you arrange the dof in a robotic arm?
What criteria should be considered when comparing 2 robot simulation/modelling software?
Is there any ROS community effort bases on golang?
Is there an implementation of this paper? "Inversion Based Direct Position Control and Trajectory Following for Micro Aerial Vehicles"
Expressing a global point in different frames
Significance of link length ratio in serial manipulator
For a beginner who wants to learn lots is it better to use a PIC and start from there or to use something like a Arduino?
How to simply connect a plastic wheel to plastic body of a robot?
Between which joints does a given DH table row represent?
How to finely control a gear motor with encoder using Arduino/RPi?
Integrating Instantaneous Accelerations taken at discrete time intervals
Ignoring yaw for pick and place
Accuracy of stereovision camera
Using brushless motors for very high torque
Connect to e_puck, Could not connect to com3 at 115200 ERROR!
Inverse Kinematics problem formulation (optimization)
Pointing at a moving object
Will the irobot create library work with other roomba models?
Can I use another GPIO pin on the Pi 3 as a RX UART?
Urdf as a way to model dynamics?
How to build a robotics ontology?
VREP - Attaching Baxter manipulators
why atleast three points are needed to control 6 dof?
Depth sensing for a pick-and-place robot
D(q) Inertia Matrix and the Jacobian Matrix
Quadrotor Dynamics: Calculating angular velocity of quadrotor
Quadcopter motor fails beyond 50% throttle
Hacker friendly vacuum robots
Flight controller drift issue
Why are joint velocities very high near a singularity?
How can I protect my props from being damaged?
How to interpret and apply results from Inverse Dynamics
Line follower PID tuning for high speed
Quadrotor SE3 Controller: Calculating Rd_dot
Sex Robotics for everyone male and female
How to create a Position controller for a Quadrotor
How to build big robots(Material/Method)?
GPS/ 1GYRO - 2D + ACCEL+GPSEKF
Kollmorgen S300 drive oscillation
are these two logic level shifters are doing the same job
DC geared Motor 20 NM 25 RPM small dimensions.
State of the art trajectory for fine precision robots
How to build a working r/c crane capable of lifting 2 lbs/1Kg
Camera calibration sequence with ground truth data
Quadcopter holding algorithm
Encoder for odometry (Wheel vs motor)
How do i figure out how much thrust an 150cc Size Brushless Outrunner Motor will output with propellers?
Position Sensor
Wall following robot oscillates heavily
Line-following robot with a 5th wheel
What are myopic and non-myopic policies?
Robot Calibration using DH parameters
integrating perfect rate gyro data (noiseless)
What's the term for 2 Dimensional tracks similar to the ones used on 3D printers?
Converting wired USB connection to a Bluetooth connection
good laser scanner/ lidar for 4 wheel robot?
Programming the Formula Allcode to run a circuit
Calculating motor power and motor needs for 200 lbs load
How do I model a simple robot arm as a plant?
DC servo motor shake/vibrate too much
how does a clustered particle filter work?
Understanding the Robot Jacobian
Questions about SLAM: bundle adjustment, covariance etc
Robotics Toolbox: Display all DH link frames in Seriallink.plot()
robotic arm DOF
DC Servos moving randomly
How to control the speed of servo
Depth cameras with varying illuminations
Finding the manufacturer for a sensor
How to proceed whith this design problem?
Measurement model for Kalman filter but non-zero mean
AUV Lipo Battery capacity
From a linear force actuator that spans multiple links and joints to the equivalent motor torque
Inverse kinematic orientation problem
Wheel odometry simulation using ground truth
Help with DC Gearmotor Specs
How can I estimate depth of a feature point / object using single camera?
How to calculate the pull force of scissors?
catkin_make unable to build and throws "Makefile:138: recipe for target 'all' failed make: *** [all] Error 2 Invoking "make -j4 -l4" failed"
Robot positioning problem
My robot arm vibrates during operation. Why?
Looking for pointers on hexapod project
Using ROS to control a CMM (Coordinate Measuring machine)
TU Munich Monocular Visual Odometry Dataset has NaN values in the ground truth data.
Inverse Kinematics 5DOF - general approach - Wrong solution MATLAB
Jacobian determinant of three degree of freedom robot
Iterative Closest Point for 2-D LIDAR Data
Monocular SLAM depth reconstruction
Are there any big size open source robot project(servant like robot maybe)
Accelerometers in a self-balancing robot, can't we do better?
Scara robot design
How to reduce the small free rotation/movement of a stepper motor shaft?
rospack Error: package 'script' not found
How to develop subsumption architecture using two Arduinos?
A* algorithm for Arduino robot path planning
how do i select light-weight 6dof robot?
I²C read multiple registers with DMA
Error during turtlebot launch in ROS
How can I run Tests/Simulations of Control and Motion Planning for a Bare Metal Robot?
Identifying the connector on a micro planetary gear motor
Understanding differential drive
How to simulate water/ pool for underwater vehicle in Gazebo/SimScape?
State prediction of vehicle with Ackermann steering geometry using Kalman-Filter
How does one setup an ESC to drive a wheel-hub motor?
unexpected inefficiency of a motor driver
6DOF serial robot (PUMA robot) dynamic model equations
router tilting mechanism
loop closure detection in visual SLAM
How many stages necessary to stabilize position while controlling torque?
Are S-Curve (constant jerk) motion profiles significantly better than constant acceleration?
How can i convert Torque input into PWM signal?
How can I compute the covariance of a camera-based relative pose measurement?
Methods for odometry/IMU/Gyro free lidar pointcloud registration for pose estimation
How to increase the traction of tyres/wheels
Confusion about Jacobians stemming from class notes
Laser Scanner for localization in particle filter
roslaunch mavros px4.launch not working properly
How much weight can DC Motor carry?
This script require root privileges! | what is going on ?
Calculating C for a 6-DOF robotic arm
Are there any open-source congnative planing frameworks for robotics?
Path of the robot
What parts do I need for my first robot?
Motion planning from a given path
Relation between Power, Weight & Speed
Using hall sensors to calculate position
Is Robust Control and robotics well applied together?
Quadcopter filter and Angular rate vs angle (Arduino programming)
Sliding system basic question
Real time implementation of EtherCAT master with ros_control
Balancing robot - How to control the velocity and angle
calculating differential drive robot ICC position
How can a coaxial stepper motor be used to drive the Z axis effector of a SCARA robot?
How is gyroscope bias exposed and tracked?
How to implement reference control signal for robot heading?
Zero-Point/Home Position/Origin of Absolute Encoder: What is the Proper Name?
Perspective N point solution: Position drifting linearly with rotation angles?
Transforming position to torque
How can I reduce vibration of motor pulley assembly?
ROS PCL: Help with Moving Least Squares filter
Quadrotor 2D Dynamics
inverse kinematics matlab RVC for 3 joint RRR
What is the best way to turn in 2WD simple differential drive line following robot?
hard realtime signal processing
How to move robotic arm in straight line
Installing ROS in a conda environment
Mujoco and MoveIt!
What is appearance-based SLAM?
How to Calculate gyroscope bias given an input vector of measurements w?
What is difference between 2 wheels and 4 wheels and tracked differential mobile base kinematics?
Probably basic question about how control a DC motor
Jacobian of kinematic IMU Model
Measuring torque of Vex gear shaft - highest accuracy for lowest price
Camera ego-motion estimation via dense optical flow
How to detect writing on a chalkboard?
Invoking "cmake" failed
Explanation for exponential coordinate of rotation
3D mapping using only datasets and no hardware
Publisher and subscriber
Control geared DC motor based on timing?
Error during mavros Multi-Vehicle Simulation with px4 in Gazebo | Invalid <param> tag
Robot heading uncertainty values
Powering Off Main Processor Without Software shutdown
Stereo vision setup to obtain depth map
3D mapping using only a 2D Lidar
What is an "actuation state"
Why does a Bayesian Filter require random controls?
How can I send commands from raspberry pi model 3B to Seriously Pro 3 Flight controller?
Strange phase case in Bode diagram of a transfer function
Metrics for rigid body motions in SE(3)
What are good options for modifying drones?
Making a tunnel follower robot with 2 IR side sensors and 1 ultrasonic sensor
Delayed Kalman navigation based on two way ranges
Navigation of a ground vehicle towards target without map
Why is a3 (link length) present in the DH parameter table?Shouldn't it be 0?
install ROS on ubuntu 17
How to become proficient in software development for an aspiring roboticist?
How can i tell if my HS-485HB Servo is an Increased Rotation servo?
Singular configurations of a 7-dof robotic arm
Is a virtual machine with ros-kinetic available anywhere?
Scale estimation in datasets for monocular odometry
How to start as a control system engineer and to make advanced projects using PID
How to maximize stall torque of a motor
Places for the up-to-date topics in robotics
Controlling a servocity planetary motor?
Potential field algorithm in a predefined trajectory
Motion Profiling for Decreasing Energy Consumption
Quadcopter stabilisation
MPU6050 inconsistent Gyro data
How do I tune the cascaded PID controller in my flight controller?
Developing world-frame Jacobian using product of exponentials
How to rotate a rotation quaternion in the body frame to a rotation quaternion in the world frame?
ROS Gazebo Odometry Issue
rtt-exercise building error-orocos-toolchain
Matlab: Simulate received signals of sonar sensors
Receiver is getting really hot
Can the A* Algorithm be implemented on an Arduino easily?
Find IMU based on previous works
How to scan photo of printed image and see what pattern it represents
Legged Design for Desert/Dune Exploration
Torque commands for velocity reference motor
Rotation composition When using Kalman Filter
Can I "shape" the sound of words spoken by Pepper with Phonetic transcription?
Transforming an inverse covariance matrix
Can you find object distance using camera pose
PixHawk I/II not working in 'Rover' mode (firmware issue?).... HELP!
Quadcopter with wind effect
Talking to a Flask Webserver from a Commandline
Adding ROS to Raspberry Pi car and teleoperation
Solving Inverse Kinematics with unknown orientation
How to mount encoder without rear shaft?
Could a hot air balloon be powered from the ground like a drone?
Quadcopter stable with angular velocity but not with absolute angle
Potentiometer as pressure sensor in linear actuator?
State space model
How to use PID control for line following robot?
Kalman filter for slow ground vehicle with RTK
Forward kinematics on Stanford manipulator
Is it possible to put the irobot create2 in a mode where it will not charge?
Calculating covariance of parameter estimation from Hessian
directly tapping Create2 battery
SVO edgelet computation
Required library XENOMAI NOT FOUND
Plotting SE(3) points in a 3D graph
Which Kinect to use for robotic arm pick and place application with object detection?
list of robotics framework running over xenomai
What do the model numbers in Harmonic Drive gear drives represent?
Coordinate system of SCARA Manipulator
Calculating error on line following robot (PID)
Dynamic model of two wheeled mobile robot
How to handle power distribution on a robot?
L298N driver takes too much current
The final step in kalman filter to correct/update the covariance matrix
Nested Rotation of a point around arbitrary vector in 3D
how to know if the LIPO battery I have is compatible with the motors and motor driver I have
controlling industrial servo with pc
RTnet vs CORBA transport
brushless motor as a servo
Source of seminal papers in robotics
Calculation of inertia values of Ic and Im
Increasing Torque by either doubling servos or building a gear box
Angular velocity vector expression uncertain?
Create 2 losing serial communication after toggling full to passive while charging
IMU oriented wrongly. How to correct it to get correct values?
How often does a robot perform A* (A star) path planning in an unknown map?
Screw based Jacobian
how to get velocity of Ar drone 2.0
PID vs Fuzzy line follower
How to properly initialize every new pose in a Visual SLAM algorithm (namely DSO)?
Treatment of euler angles in quadcopter control
Estimation of Focus of expansion
Why do we need a marginalization in Bundle Adjustment?
Do we need a backend graph optimizer for OctoMap?
How to penalize blurred images in Bundle Adjustment?
Main not defined package python issue
Orientation estimation using gyro and accelerometer when sensor platform has high acceleration
SE3 composition operator gives unexpected results
A closed-form solution of $\textbf{R}\textbf{R}_1=\textbf{R}_2\textbf{R}$ w.r.t $\textbf{R}$
Waking Create 2 from sleep
Multiple antenna styles on FPV without true diversity
DH parameters for offseted elbow joint
Appropriate distance sensing technology for specified conditions
Quadcopter bldc PID control
how to write a uav teleop code?
Maths in Robotics
Turtlebot 2 dimensions
How to convert/transform robot local frame to global frame to use in Kalman Filter?
Easy cm accurate GNSS / GPS for rover with base station?
"modern contact dynamics" - Why are spring-damper contact models not being used anymore for dynamic simulations in robotics?
Compatibility of my quadcopter build
How to turn direction of 4 planar wheels into up/down motion?
Solving Inverse Kinematics for ABB IRB 120
RViz: How to Visualize a Voxblox Mesh as a MarkerArray?
Power delivery issue for our human following robot project
Drones classification based on flying mechanism and communication link
What other equipment or hardwares I should buy along with raspberry pi
What materials can I put in front of a RGB camera and LED IR lights to hide the sensors as much as possible?
How to plan path for robotic arm with RRT?
How to use tensor flow on arduino robot
How can I access the cliff sensors on an iRobot Create 2 via ROS/ Python?
Better way to use info. received from ROS subscriber nodes
ROS: TurtleBot3 motors runs 60 seconds after message is seen in topic /cmd_vel
KF/ EKF - Modelling and tuning noise matrices and other parameters
Quadcopter mathematical model and controller design
Inter-robot Collision Avoidance
Which one is faster? Hexapod or Quadruplets
Obstacle Avoidance: Detection of goal inside the obstacle
Why do roboticists choose a bird-like leg over a humanoid leg?
Does marginalization increase the number of edges in Graph SLAM?
Which is a good and cheap 3D LIDAR or other options?
Methods for state estimation and real-time path planning of a mobile robot
zero-g mode for UR10 gravity compensation
Is missed step detection of a stepper motor done is software or hardware?
Ontology/marketplace of robotics components and integration environment (BPEL or CAD for robotics)?
DSO_ROS is not giving right coordinates after taking turn (left/right)
Ackermann Motion Model Does not Drive in an Arc, but Turns on the Spot
Beginner Sets for intermediate devs
Using python to create AI
Dynamic model using identification for control
Add image onto box in URDF file
Finding relative location of Raspberry Pi robot indoors
Doing a project for college for a manned drone theortically only
How to transfer motion between these two parts?
Tracking vehicle 6 states extended kalman filter required?
RobotC startMotor command useless?
Radio triangulation with Raspberry Pi
Denavit-Hartenberg Exam Question
Extrinsic Calibration Target Depth Camera
Pole placement of the observer closed loop system (A-LC) in discrete system
Turtlebot3 Burger - XBOX360 Controller
are mg996r servo failures common?
More than 6 cameras in Nvidia Jetson boards
raspberry pi operating a unipolar stepper motor with a L293D IC
Arduino RC Kids Ride-On car: wiring help needed
Help to get robot jacobian from system of implicit equations
Sensor fusion with gyroscope and motor rotations
Two 4 bar mechanism vs stepper motor on each linkage in a 4 DOF robotic arm
The reason(s)/benefit(s) to use realtime operating system instead of while-loop on MCU
Orientation problem between Gripper and Object ??
What is the difference between active and passive sensors?
How can I measure latency in a CAN bus?
What knowledge should I have if I want to establish a robotics company?
How can I receive Genicam packets from a device in a docker container?
using motor controllers with Raspberry instead of Arduno. Is it just me or is everyone ok with bad sofftware support?
Are both of C++ and Python necessary in ROS
What motor features should I consider for automated blinds?
How does marginalization of variables effect least squares SLAM energy function?
How can I measure the torque a servo motor is applying very precisely?
Position-Attitude Kalman filter with Quaternions
Pictures coordinates to robot coordinates
What part do I need to bypass the gearbox of a hoveround motor? Helical splined hub?
Can quadcopters save energy by flying in formation?
Gyro Yaw Drift Compensation With The Aid of Magnetomer
OnRobot RG2 Gripper on UR3 with TCP communication
Is there a Kinfu version that runs with ROS on an Odroid?
iRobot Create 2 Question
Not understanting the result of a relative transformation
how to access uart or serial sensors?
RS-232/422, UART, usb sensor access code same?
EKF implementation on odometry/IMU
When and when not to use the Inertia tensor in Kinetic energy computing?
Find out Robot Coordinate using odometer data
How to connect different outputs from one LiPo battery?
Why use GraphSLAM?
Combining multiple constraints in optimization
Can I run a servo with lower voltage?
BetaFlight sees motors working, but motors not spinning
Any kind of sensor to detect really fast moving objects with minimum 25 m radius sub 1.000$?
Bluetooth Controls instead of R/C Controls for simple Holonomic robot
What is the difference between a holonomic and an omnidirectional robot?
c++ Library for trajectory correction
Understanding MoveIt! and OMPL more deeply
What's the difference between a sonar and ultrasonic sensor?
Quadcopter ESC failure on first test flight
EKF based Slam implementation with landmark identification in Global frame
Is a small time locally controllable system holonomic?
Can I simulate/test the model of a robot I am designing to be 3d printed?
IRobot 690 - raw wheel encoder counts change with no movement command issued
Alternatives to Finite State Machines (FSM's)?
How to increase the payload for the KUKA arm with KR210 claw?
what's the difference among rgb-d camera, depth camera, 3d camera, and stereo camera?
publishing on rostopics
Kalman filter and ekf main difference in elaborate way
Confusion of EKF equations
Algorithm for orientation (pan/tilt) towards a moving point
Why does roomba provide the OI serial protocol?
controlling 6-axis robotic arm with raspberry pi, what instructions can do this?
How to create a 3D zone which detects the presence of an object?
How to localize an acoustic source underwater with a hydrophone array
What is the best SE3 library for python?
Multi-agent vs multi-robot systems
How can I get the distance from a robot to a beacon?
Excessive Heat Coming From Video Transmitter and Motor Electronic Boards
Powering multicopter with multiple dedicated batteries
Any reference for "3D feature matching + ICP"?
Dimensioning a robotic arm for playing Chess
Why adding odometry data as control vectors to EKF-Monoslam algorithm fails?
ROS: joint_state_publisher dies when used in remote launch file
Can a tablet be slaved to a laptop to act as a wireless usb?
Robotics RC Car hack help
How to update a new pose in iterative pose optimization problem?
Robotic Hand Grasp Planning - How do I find the initial contact point for each finger when grasping an object?
CMakeLists.txt vs package.xml
Which motors are specifically used for UR3 (Universal robot arm)
Motorised Stage for laser
Transformation matrix using DH parameters
GraphSlam doubt about variable elimination technique
PID loop to control motor velocity with disturbances
Lawn mower project
GraphSlam Matrix Subtraction doubt
Recommendations and Advice - Motor Driver for 12V Gear Motor with Magnetic Encoder
How to install a CAN port on PC (under Ubuntu)
Is orocos dead?
Is ROS 2 due to replace ROS 1?
Equivalence of Alias and Alibi interpretation of Rotation Matrices
Math behind trajectory 2d planning
How to calculate the forces acting on an object of mass 'm', which is vacuum gripped at the end of a robot arm?
Is Programming/Coding necessary to pursue a masters degree in robotics?
Which motor to use for self-balancing-bot?
GraphSLAM data accumulation problem
Vısual sensor.camera lenses with a field of view of more than 180 degree
iRobot Create 2 - How did I get weird data from the serial port?
MSP (Multiwii Serial Protocol) receiving data with pyMultiWii issue
What's the main difference between different motion capture systems (Vicon, Optitrack, etc)?
How can I get the right sample in RRT star Dubins?
6 motors with TB6612 driver + power requirements
ROS: Human to Robot Mapping (Baxter)
How to tringulate many projections of a point to optimal postion?
Pressure Sensors for Robot Bumper
Matrix is singular error in GraphSLAM
Strategy for 3D path planning over large distances with kinodynamic constraints
Control Pneumatic Cylinder Position with Potentiometer and Analog Comparator on Arduino Uno
Trajectory following using LQR - Setting horizon time and intermediate points
Graph slam augmentation of Identity Matrix
Creating linear end effector motion using joint speeds: Converting tool speed to joint speeds
Is it possible to list all runtime dependencies for ROS
First CNC router, where should my zero position be?
How to apply Kalman filter in this case?
Could a quadrocopter still be controllable if its payload was wider than the quadrocopter?
Getting position from joint angles in Matlab RigidBodyTree
Which controller to use for custom servo?
How to generate Particle in Particle Filter
What propeller to use for in-pipeline robot?
Why does the low variance resampling algorithm for particle filters work?
How to avoid matrix singularity in GraphSLAM
Are there standard angular velocities when it comes to robotic arms?
Practicality of using magnetometer inside AUV
Data saving/sharing standards for objects, actions and senses
How can I limit the current sent to my 6V servos to ensure they don't burn out?
Can a mu-metal enclosed compass measure the earth's field?
Fixing robot orientation using AR
ROS: Sensor data via USB
Alternative to ROS?
Multiple View Triangulation method used by COLMAP
How to move a Stepper Motor to a desired angle with raspberry pi?
Using Lidar data to detect distance of nearest obstacle, and rate of change
measurement model of the accelerometers in IMU
How exactly does sensor fusion work in Kalman filters?
How to detect loop in robot movement observing odometer data
Graph Slam Landmark remove and then again add it
rosservice via Python
GraphSLAM equation doubt
Finding Joint speeds for each joint of a 6DOF arm (UR10) using the Inverse Jacobian
how to implement trapezoidal velocity profile in code
Denavit-Hartenberg convention in practice
Is it possible to calculate the gear reduction based on datasheet of SG90?
Calibrating Logitic C920 HD 1080p using ros kinetic
In practical terms, how close is the accuracy of camera-based visual odometry/SLAM methods to lidar-based methods for autonomous car navigation?
Controlling Stepper or DC motor with L298 or L293 and getting operation similar to Servo for 6 dof arm
Relation between GraphSLAM and Iterative closest Point algorithm
EKF localization data association
Quad-rotor 1-D Linear Control Simulation with MATLAB
stable altitude quadcopter
provide world map for ekf global localization problem
Robot localization using sensor fusion (How to model the Extended Kalman Filter)?
Meaning of a negative step response with quaternion
Why using screws instead of homogeneous transforms in kinematics and dynamics?
How should I understand sequential importance resampling in a particle filter?
D-H parameters verification
Fixing the first node in Graph-based SLAM
Lost on Graph slam's loop cloursure
Controlling a dc servo with serial communication
Adding encoders to Nomad 4WD
4 Wheel Differential Drive Robot with different speeds
Servo motor power consumption issue
Converging to better solutions by running RRTstar for multiple Iterations
Wait simulation time in a non realtime ROS simulation in Python
angular velocity output of IMU
Is this SLAM performance typical or am I doing something wrong?
Getting error on serial monitor when using serial controlled motor
iRobot Create 2 Flash CRC message
Serious about robotics programming, should I start with an Arduino?
Gazebo - Unable to load SensorPlugin
Ultra Low Power servo and controller for long usage..?
Stability of dynamical system via Lyapunov
How reliable are IMUs for a long usage (6 hours) rotation (only) tracking?
How to do IMU and camera "sensor fusion" tracking?
Problem with tuning PID for motor
Get data without command anything from Roomba Create 2
What does the number of teeth in a gear determine (when meshing identical gears)?
The Arduino Turns Off After Attaching A Servo Motor
RRT star Convergence
Object detection using ToF sensor
Roomba 500 Series - Raw encoder counts readings
SEIF ,online version of Graph slam create doubt in Motion Update state
PID control related to lagrange equation
EKF Slam algorithm doubt at observation update
SEIF slam: Effect on information matrix when there is no landmarks
Inductive Charging for Alphabot
ROS for Ubuntu 18.04 and x86
Is a compilers course or a databases course more relevant for robotics engineering?
Lost on SEIF Slam repeated update landmark
Does SolidWorks CAD-to-URDF (ROS robot definition XML) exporter works from open source alternatives (e.g. FreeCAD, Blender) as well?
DC geared motors or leadscrew and motor for joints
sampling algorithms in motion planning and local minima
Follow up question to Robot path planning
Tamiya Dual Gearbox attached to an Arduino Uno Board
Best way to estimate velocity of motor with encoder
How many independent control inputs does a hexarotor have?
What is the best way to power source small Robot
How rational is it to use Intel Realsense for my affordable indoor autonomous robot?
Move robot to a goal avoiding u-shaped obstacle
How to implement a novel control algorithm for a drone
Mobile robot navigation without static map
Rover style robots with less motors than wheels
How does structural/installation errors have to be modelled in a gyroscope IMU?
Challenges involved in designing an Industrial Robotic Arm
Dynamixel MX-64T ID Problem
How to deal with current spikes due to fast direction-switching motor commands?
How to calculate a covariance of trajectory?
PID and Kalman filters
Is pose estimation using images necessary in visual-inertial SLAM
Why we want to write all linear system into form of first order differential equations?
Position Tracking using IMU
Calculation of accuracy during dead reckoning based for sensor selection
EIF slam algorithm implementation as per Probabilistic Robotics
How to manipulate the magnetic field around a robot?
Calculate torque required to rotate and hold a platform
Missing links in Create 2 documentation
EGM setup. Not possible to open the UdpUc device
Discontinuities in IMU data in pitch only
Why differential flatness is called "flat"?
Path Planning code
Alternate perspective other than probabilistic perspective to implement slam
Does Someone have the Deco Cover Drill Template of the iRobot Create 2?
Trigger two usb cameras at the same time
DJI E310 Thrust Coefficient
Is it possible for a CC-turn trajectory to not touch the inner circle?
What limits the observer eigenvalues size?
Orientation from magnetometer data
5 DOF robot - Velocity Inverse Kinematics
What servos are suitable for a robot like Boston Dynamics’ Atlas?
Get Yaw from quaternion
Benfit of behaviors & benefit of hybrid systems
Understanding the kinetic energy expressions for a 1 link vs 2 link robot arm
18 MG996R servo motors control and power
Driving the iRobot Create 2 straight
Accuracy of monocular visual-inertial odometry
OpenRAVE "fast-forward" physics simulation?
How to maintain a robot's center of gravity
Indoor GPS 3D for navigation
Polylactic acid - Can I drill into it?
Multivariable PID controller
what specification required for quardcopter to pickup 5kg weight
Wheeled Mobile Robot State Estimation Model Using Odometry
RF-transceiver for real-time video streaming?
Help in Computing Inverse Kinematics of a 5 DOF Robot Config
Practically implementing a torque controller
Why Euler Angle is set to be in ZYZ order?
Using pre multiply or post multipy for rotational matrix to get a new homogenous transformation matrix?
Kalman filter with measurements indirectly determining state
Inverse Kinematics - How to only find a unique joint angle solution in 4 dof robot?
Question about Lens distortion
IMU and Camera Synchronization
Making a robot go in a straight rate - sampling rate for motor PID
2D Transformations as Affine Matrices
How to implement Kalman to merge the data obtained by two Leap Motion devices?
the biases in the state vector of extended kalman filter(EKF)
Stay both pointed forward and equal distance from side walls
Robotic Arm Senior Capstone. Electronics/Controls/Sensors Questions
Calculating torque required to rotate a platform
Inconsistent results between Simulink derivative model and tf for PD controller
Position Estimates from sensor fusion
Can somebody explain how these forward kinematics matrix equations were formulaed?
Create path with minimum curvature for Ackerman drive
Fiducials in conjuction with AMCL
Detecting and counting the number of junctions
3 arm robotic claw
Why are strain-wave/harmonic gears used in robots?
What is the definition of `rollout' in neural network or OpenAI gym
Reachable Position with endeffector robotic arm
Which algorithms to locate a static 3D object relative to a moving camera/IMU?
What's the brand of this acoustic speaker whose operation range is 10-100 kHz?
Control a DIY Robot Arm Kit Educational Robotic Claw Set with ROS
ROS: catkin_make vs. catkin build
Pnumatic sulinoid with multiple outputs
Inverse kinematics with end effector orientation?
Arduino based quadcopter flipping problem
project to create a lighter wall
Naze32 flight controller not connecting to RC
Will a change of motor driver improve motor performance?
Forward kinematics: Findling the positions of points on lynx robot
DH parameters for lynx robot
Data Driven Modelling for Motor Position Control
Why information filter called information filter
Why is the contact force of the rigid-body robot model ks*xr?
Motor controller for two Hitec D845WP servos
Controlling the robot with joystick values
Magnetometer Calibration
EKF singularity problem when measurement noise R is zero
Robotics and Software defined radio
How to interpret the passivity criteria equation?
How to calculate effort/torque values of a joint
Simulating the robot using moveit with ROS
Spherical (Ball) Joint in Robot Model not Working in Gazebo
time to Initialise or start sensor after power given
Noisy magnetometer data
How to add a magnetometer in an Extended Kalman filter for innovation update?
How to derive the Jacobian for a floating base linkage?
CNC stepper motors are loud and slow after decreasing the steps/mm from 250 to 5
What is the rectangular-shaped joint in this diagram?
smoothing the robot poses inbetween two known poses
How to calculate shortest path between multiple pick and drop destinations
Is a printer a robot?
Map initialization problem in Mono SLAM
Transformation matrix between a 2D and a 3D coordinate system
How do I compute the translation and rotation velocities of a robot
State Space Model of Brushless DC
How to cope with an optical window limitation on 2D LiDAR?
smooth robot 3D trajectory using graph optimization
What is the front mechanism of this robot's track called?
Incremental (on-the-fly) smooth trajectory interpolation algorithm from waypoints?
Doubt with linearization and discretization process - Ekf
python code for closed form inverse kinematics solution
what is the algorithm to get position (Linear displacement and linear velocity ) using IMU (Like MPU6050)?
Raspberry Pi Robot Car won't drive straight, right wheel is faster
Jacobian of a 6DOF arm
Does Create 2 have a built in optical interface (IR remote) using the Open Interface Spec
3D mapping on spinning 2D unit, and Lidar Resources?
lb1847 stepper controller :how to connect to grbl atmega based board with step ,direction,enable , limit?
why innovation equation in Extended Kalman filter is called innovation?
ROS CMakeLists.txt confusion
A* search results in path too close to obstacles
How to implement end effector orientation in generic IK solver
Control system in Matlab with RSA encryption
Can I program my roomba to run essentially all day (except for charging, of course)?
Doubts in the implementation of a Kalman filter to merge position data from two identical sensor
Why do we need to design controllers (feedback) for controlling a quadrotor?
Sensor fusion - Kalman for two identical position sensors
Forward Kinematics Frame Simulation in MATLAB
Relationship between the velocity twist Jacobian and the spatial velocity Jacobian
Encoder values for PID control
setting custom variables on catkin workspace environment
PID Tuning. Does Setpoint Affect Gain for Tuning
how to introduce 2 inputs into a matlab block function that processes only one variable at a time?
how to find space in point cloud larger than given l*b
Torque Disturbance Observer for Manipulator Arms
how to normalize PWM if the value exceeds the maximum speed limit
Struggling to understand Jacobian Inverse Kinematics
How to create a .urp for universal robots?
AWS Robomaker - success story?
Kalman-Filter: how to solve angles near +/-pi?
Pwm settings of a Sg90 servo motor
motor selection for farm rover
Writing IMU accelerometer data into as twist messages into cmd_vel
Wrong forward-kinematic after calculating from DH-parameters
Robot moving on a flat floor - 2D or 3D SLAM?
How to keep track of (x,y) co-ordinates of a line-following bot?
Power systems design for a vehicle
Control System Analysis - Block Diagram Basics
How can I determine the Transition Matrix of a Kalman-Filter ?
Path planning of wheeled robot
Quadcopter motors vibration problem
Convert sonar scans to Lidar scan file
Rotating two things on the same axis
How to determine the Process- and Measurement Noise Covariance Matrix of a Kalman Filter
Fixed-Delay Kalman smoother with/without augmented measurements
Tackling loops and discontinuations in PID line follower
Difference between Collision Cone and Velocity Obstacle
Hand eye calibration of robot arm using a 2D camera and marker of known size
How is the IMU used in the PixHawk?
Swarm Robot Simulation
Connect 2 motor controllers
Forward Kinematics with matrices
Vertically moving robot
Turning a 2 wheeled robot 90°
Self balancing robot: PID Control Algorithm
constraining rotation in jacobian IK algorithm
Image data fusion
Open source robotics projects that have complex software structure?
How to tell if a stepper motor position is moved by external force?
Why no cmd_vel topic when running Turtlebot simulation on ROS + Gazebo?
help to find the bug for calculating inverse kinematic using jacobian
Maximum value of norm of mass matrix M
Setting up a Structured Light Stereo system
Subscriber to array type overwriting data from different publishers!
State-vector for distance measurement between two autonomous cars
Are robotics competitions for beginners available?
Does the red object act as a fulcrum (as explained bellow) to make picking up easier?
hand-eye calibration for wheeled mobile robots
What is the difference between Obstacle Avoidance and Dynamic Path Planning?
Trajectory following- What if the robot joint motor are not able to keep up with the generated trajectory?
What wavelengths are most commonly used in laser-scanners and LIDAR systems?
How to get starting location of robot using IMU Sensor (without using gps)
Why won't my PID line follower work?
Humanoid Robot Arm
Controlling YuMi robot by serial port
How to determine the rotation matrix and translation vector of a fixed LiDAR from the sensor frame to an aircraft's vehicle frame?
Why do robots need rangefinders while animals don't?
Bullet vs SimMechanics: Inverse Dynamics and sensed forces/torques
How to approach any advanced control problem in robotics
Running ROS on Digital Ocean?
Tracking object in realtime using depth image stream from a RGBD camera
How do I find the inverse kinematics of a 5-DOF manipulator having the following DH parameters?
Inverse kinematics for differential robot knowing linear and angular velocities
Localization in box using rangefinders
Can I combine BEAM robotics with fuzzy control?
How can i find and install (acspid) python PID library
Arm path planning with obstacle avoidance in Unity
Libraries to simulate path planning in a dynamic environment for a 2D space
Is rospython subscriber thread safe?
State Space model for bouncing ball
Representation of 2D coordinate space with orientation
URScript - how to get the actual TCP pose in tool space coordinate system?
turning a roomba 980 into a create
Stereo Rectification when Extrinsics are known
Stereo-Calibration with Variable focal cameras
Does MIT Cheetah uses Series Elastic Actuator?
how to control servo motor with potentiometer in arduino
What are the equations of a s-curve position path?
Defining C-space state for an arm in OMPL
Mindstorms: EV3 Brick files vanished
Singularity problem at Inverse kinematic solver
Powering servos for quadruped spiderbot using arduino uno
Inverse Kinematics Problem of Articulated Manipulators Arm
How a quadcopter pitch/roll impacts thrust?
I must determine the resolution of a control system when using an 8-bit encoder for a single-rotation joint
Humanoid robot with Raspberry pi
Input/output linearization
Identify contacts on wires of an electronic speed controller
Path Planning for Spherical Wrist (RRR)
How should I power my servo motor with the Adafruit PCA9685 chip?
Is robotics and automation a contradiction?
How can I import openmv camera feed in MATLAB
What are the differences between wheel and manipulator joint encoders?
extended kalman filters, linearization of output
outdoor autonomous robot
Microcontrollers and Python
ABB Object Oriented RAPID language
Compile webots for Python 3.6 for Windows
Quaternion error in one degree of freedom
Convert local coordinates of a moving IMU to global coordinates
How can I preserve a high framerate while using at least 1280x720 resolution on 2 USB cameras on the same computer?
message_filters doesn't call the callback function
FastSlam2.0: ICP Scan Matching vs Odometry? What is the typical time step?
Why can't motors be as elegant as human muscles? Why do we have to use electromagnetism to create movement?
How to calculate observation matrix Jacobians in EFK based mono slam? What are projection Jacobians?
How many encoders should I have?
Which sensors can be used to feel breeze blowing by the robot?
Combining data from 9DOF IMU
Accuracy of hall sensor encoders on Raspberry Pi
I need to read a lot of analog signals without any analog pins
Problem with UKF weights when calculating predicted state
iRobot Create 2 Wake over Serial on Rpi
Head movement using gyroscope
L298N briefly works, then shorts when controlling Nema 17
underactuated robot problem
Inexpensive & minimally viable systems for testing SLAM algorithms?
Is system identification and a physics engine the same?
Loop time for self balancing robot
How can i connect arducopter to raspberry?
How to perform active search in point feature based monoSLAM?
Please help me with stall property of gear motor
Are underactuated robots easier to program?
How to handle sensor data for a sensor-fusion algorithm
How to quantify motion?
Choosing a position sensor (encoder) and obtaining velocity from it
What is a Velocity Smoother?
bluetooth that could track mobile phone location
Can a neural network emulate a physics engine?
motor controlled lazy susan
Design of the baseplate of mobile robot
Project suggestions
Can the collision sensor data from a commodity drone be combined with images to build a 3d site model?
Help Interpreting Raspberry Pi GPIO's allocated to Robot starter kit called AlphaBot2
How to use depth map in A* path planning?
How to change endian for multi-byte I/O outputs?
Are examples for jerking robotarms available?
How can I attach an arm to a double-flat drive stepper motor?
Is it correct to think of forward kinematics as merely a 'check' for the inverse kinematics?
What are the prerequisites for entering into robotics?
Fusing absolute robot localization from markers
Finding Mass/Inertia Matrix of a robot
Likelihood Field Matching
Camera pose to world coordinate transformation
Overcoming or managing deadband in vehicle steering controller
need help to get inverse kinematics
Motor encoders randomly start counting backward, then go back to normal
Ready to use camera calibration in linux
iRobot 600 series OI wake from sleep via BRC
How to limit large acceleration and jerk from PID controller?
Overcoming or managing deadband in vehicle steering controller
Equal proportional and derivative gains of PID
Why is the endeffector of a delta-robot on the slant?
What are robot task planners?
How do I create a broken line follower? [RobotC] [Legomindstorm] [Ev3]
SLAM Scan Matching. Scan vs previous-scan OR scan vs previous-map?
Robotic hand simulation in MatLab?
robot Hand Eye Calibration problem
Walking on the spot before moving
Can a RPI3B+ handle all this?
What factors determine the number of joints in a robotic arm?
Algorithm for centering an object that is changing speed
how to plugin orientation of 6R robotic arm in inverse kinematics
Rigid body system identification with machine learning, but how?
Sensor fusion to calculate joint angles between segments of a robot arm using IMU data
Help with Probabilistic Robotics Equation 13.22 detailed derivation
How to get constant motor RPM regardless of battery voltage?
Add control and planning trajectory to double pendulum
Jacobian of $ (\textbf{e}^{[\boldsymbol{\xi}] _\times}\textbf{T})^{-1}\textbf{p}$ wrt $\boldsymbol{\xi}$
Get a signal from position array data
How to calculate power supply requirements for Closed Loop Stepper Motors
Question about programming approach of a dog like quadruped robot
Sensor model and Inverse sensor model using occupancy grid mapping with lidar for particle filter
How to accurately navigate from one GPS coordinate to another using just GPS & IMU?
Tetrix Prizm and ROBOTC
Sending RTCM corrections from u-center NTRIP Server (Windows) to ROS NTRIP client (Linux)
Obstacle width measurement
How to translate individual rotor trust to Wrench object in ROS (force&torque)
How a robot could know when it harms a human?
Uploading a trained ANN to an ESP32 board
How is the GPS fused with IMU in a kalman filter?
How to use MoveIt and ros_control (from setup assistant) to control Gazebo robot?
Esc calibration
Encoder attached to output of gearbox of stepper motor
Is there a more accurate feedback loop with less overshoot or disturbances than PID?
Minimum distance for a shaft coupling
Omni vs mecanum wheels for drawing robot
LiDAR Point cloud data reliability/quality
Max angle of beam against surface (ultrasonic sensor)
Dual vs single ultrasonic sensors
Kalman filter to fuse ultrasonic altitude sensor and accelerometer
Real world dynamic problem suggestion for PID
Calculating the cartesian position of each joint with DH transform
TGY-6114MD Servo motor needs push to start
Servo LIneSensor conflict
How does a self-driving car locate itself when the environment changes?
3D Inverse Kinematics Jacobian
Difference between Single-Query and Multiple Query Algorithms?
How to determine the direction of X-Axis in Denavit Hartenberg process? [Sketch inside]
Have you done take-home robotics(ROS) coding test in interviews?
How to find Q and R in the Kalman filter according to known noise information?
How to transform raw accelerometer data into the Earth fixed frame to determine position
Gravity compensation
If you move the RGBD camera to other places on a Turtlebot, same orientation, create a map, does ROS navigation stack with AMCL still works?
Extrinsic calibration of a multicamera-rig mounted rigidly on a mobile robot
Can't get iRobot Create to respond
How to create a stable 48V 10A power supply?
3D Inverse Kinematics Jacobian Construction
How do I calculate the direction robot is facing, pose from velocity and yaw rate?
How to balance a long vertical bar
Interference caused by multiple robots during task completion
How can a motor be run at higher voltage for longer?
Why my stepper motor doesn't move when I attach a blade?
Navigation - GPS + IMU; how to make it more accurate?
ROS Theoretical Question - How does work properly a node
Finding correct RPY for approaching a known point on a plane
Maze wall hugging both clockwise and anti-clockwise
What the best roadmap to learn building and programming drones in the deepest level?
Making a motor controlled joint passive
Driving a gearbox with another?
Controllability of a car with a single trailer
Technologies needed for indoor and outdoor navigating robot
What is the best adaptive controller for robotic arms?
How are shells for robotic arms made?
For pose estimation, what is the typical range of the rotation values that are estimated? Is it from -180 to 180 degrees?
rostopic list not showing topic
Dropping a box from a quadcopter
Technical books on autonomous cars?
Improving PID gain constants
Image based visual servoing for quadrotor forward flight
Python, Universal Robots, Ethernet problem
Can P gain too high cause roll of death?
How can Denavit-Hartenberg representation with only 4 variables describe rototranslations with 6 DOF?
How to add some more feature for this simulink model
Is there a Java or mathematical algorithm for Pure Path Pursuit?
Line following robot mathematic model
Robotics flag at start of maze
How to drive a curve in a maze
3D Direction Sensor - Question from a Neuroscientist
Roomba stops responding to commands on the OI
DH parameters for a PPP arm
Short range stereo vision
Adjusting the PWM frequency and duty cycle to achieve the desired angular velocity in differential drive robots
Any slam simulator without using ROS?
How can i do message packet signing using javascript/node js for MAVLink v2 messages
vision guided robotic arm always required 6d pose of object?
Gazebo crashes and burns launching empty world in new package
How is this bicycle model in Robotics Vision & Control derived? And is its equation missing something?
Inverse Kinematics "Can not converge" issue
Looking for a model in a gazebo
How can robots communicate, locate and identify each other?
Control Algorithms for Kinesthetic Teaching
RGBD Camera Eye in Hand Calibration
Real-time python reinforcement learning library
MotoSim EG-VRC- Missing Robot series (SDA) in the controllers FS100 and DX100
Why is the Kalman filter a filter and not a control system?
Why does degree of freedom only consider continuous values?
ROS how to use published data in a python script (darknet_ros)
Why my robot is lying down in gazebo simulator?
Is interacting with registers the only way software and hardware interact?
Motor vs weight
Where can I buy irobot-create?
High power jumping mechanism in small robots
How should I create a Pangolin (Armadillo) structure?
Design a robot that can apply hot glue to paper
Position vs Image based visual servoing?
Calculate the inertia matrix of complex robotic mechanism
Error Distribution of Ultrasonic Distance Sensor
Robot fails to move in Webots environment
What is the correct algorithm name for this "Shortest Path Maze Solver"?
IMU and encoder fusion
Caculating the distance of a point from point cloud data
Yaw drift when implementing AHRS filter fusion
SLAM from partly occluded LiDAR sensor
Why do I need impedance control?
What is the difference between the pose of a robot and the configuration of a robot?
Sensorfusion of odometry, accelerometer and gyroscope using Indirect Kalman Filter
Power Supply; using a 24V battery for a 12V and lower components (duplicate)
Using SPDT Relay for Voltage shifting in Arduino UNO and ESP8266 combination
Roboclaw node on ROS error: "Encoders None None". Encoders can't be read properly. What might the cause be?
What is the motor that move like an elbow called
Roomba Create 2: how to convert steering angle to radius?
Sensor complement in Drone
How to do mechanical calculations for a towing robot?
Robot trajectory generation; path-paramerization
Aliexpress bought BNO055 UART connection
What is an axial and polar vector?
How can I perform localisation without using LIDAR?
Do I need a camera along with LIDAR for SLAM?
Autonomous Navigation Bot
Calculating acceleration relative to ground using an accelerometer in a drone
Electronic Speed Controller
Robot rolls and rotates with different parameters
How can i connect to AWS Robomaker simulation job using ros_bridge?
How to convert PointCloud2 message to a grid?
Drone Mapping Project
Create a torus in SDF
Undo pitching effect of camera when pose (y-axis) is near 90 degrees?
How to use a map created with odometry
Does anyone have documentation for a CoroWare Explorer?
Observed position update after motion of the robot
Library for GPS
Hand-Eye calibration of a 2D barcode scanner and a robot
Kinematics with Product-of-Exponentials terminology: not forward, not inverse
Task Space Control Parameters for 6-Dof Manipulator
Why does singularity condition for a serial manipulator never involve the first joint variable
How to identificate uav's roll and pitch model and control to track object?
Manipulability Measures of Serial Robots?
Building a stationary robot. ROS the right tool for me?
How to derive the CoG Jacobian for biped robot?
Calculate Roll Pitch Yaw from Modified Denavit Hartenberg
Information filter sensor fusion
How to define a massless collisionless visualless keypoint in a Gazebo simulation model (SDF)
What sort of dev boards or standalone microprocessors are used for controlling robotics projects?
Questions about customized stereo camera
Combining gyroscope and compass to navigate in cities?
Question about EKF SLAM (w/ unknown correspondence) update step
Standard Kalman Filter applied to non-Gaussian noise data
Kalman Filter: Do we need to measure each entry of the output-sequence, or can we derive them?
Given an initial position, a goal position and a duration find a trajectory
How to read data from the VN100 IMU on Ubuntu?
Feedback linearization of a nonlinear MIMO system
Stuck pneumatic cylinder
3D mapping with octomap
Mission Planner: How to create a custom Waypoint Command
Force controller with feedback issues
Free Multibody Dynamics Software?
catkin build with multi-core make for building individual packages
Create 2 650 - clean button flashing when connected to Arduino
How to perform system identification of a mobile robot using white box approach?
Statistical distance between degenerate distribution and any probability distribution
Iterative calculation of trajectory
What are the differences between trajectory planning, trajectory tracking, path planning, path following and motion planning?
lucky cat - coil question
How do I get the orientation invariant position of a 9-axis Inertial sensor?
ICP for LiDAR point cloud data in two frames
Target Recognition for Microcontrollers
Stepper Motor power supplies
Improve altitude control on an outer loop PD controller for a UAV
PID control while desiring steady state offset
Interfacing HMC5883l Compass with Arduino
Screw based Jacobian transformation
Python PID tuning - Parrot Bebop 2 - Target follower - ROS
EKF SLAM without iterative update on observations
control DC motor by Atmega and L298 code in Atmel Studio
Explanations about inverse kinematic
How to draw an encoder plate?
How to use two topics without using TimeSynchronizer
Robot moving sideways in RVIZ ROS
Stepper drive resolution
RRT algorithm implementation in OpenGL
Can ROS workspace safely exist in an external HDD?
Pausing at positing in GRBL while holding motor current
How can I specify parameter '~moveit_controller_manager'?
Doubt linearizing 2D planar quadrotor equation of motion
Lifting robot that moves like a plotter
RpLIDAR unable to see black objects
Debuging ROS on a Jetson Xavier
What parts of the flight system could you remove if you only care about flying up/down?
What is Natural Navigation?
Robot arm with steppers - speed
How to handle multi-sensors data
Any way to program a robot remotely?
Looking for Beginners Tutorials on Navigation Stack and SLAM with Gazebo
I have to implement my own SLAM algorithm
Multiple robots performing a set of tasks (Optimization)
There is an error when i use kinect v1 with Mrpt tool
error: template argument 1 is invalid (ROS Publisher CPP Error)
Calculation of quad-copter
Rotation at SerialLink.teach Robotic Toolbox
Integreation Method In Dr with 3 Sources
Is it possible to calculate a homography matrix for any 2 views?
How to get RPY(Roll, Pitch, Yaw) from directional cosines from a single vector?
Determine moments of inertia of a tool experimentally
Roomba 651 makes sound
how to solve action client not connected?
Buying DC motors with fitting gears
What does it actually mean by Task Planning?
What is the typical intro example for control systems for a spherical joint?
Are these parts compatible to build a quadrone?
Task oriented robot language?
Is Fuzzy logic applicable for robotics research
Planning minimum snap trajectories
Parallel Inverse Kinematics for Multithreaded Architecture (or GPU)
Robot mechanism parts names
A Delivery Drone
how to implement autonomous navigation using lidar and hector?
Home position of robot created using modified DH Parameters doesn't match the real robot
Number of inverse kinematics closed form solutions for ABB IRB 140
Information Gain Theory - Conditional Entropy
Tuning PID controlling car's steering angle
Not able to communicate with Roomba with serial port
calibrating large scale manipulator
Rotation Matrices Using DH Parameters
Particle filter with error states
When are non-diagonal matrices advantageous for linear quadratic regulators?
Matlab Code for Lynx Robot
How to publish odometry from 3 wheeled omnidirectional robot?
PID control loop and feedback acquisition synchronization
Action client waiting forever for server to start
Why are brushless servos more common than steppers in Cobots?
Resolved Motion Rate Control, Rotational Part
Gazebo Compatibility with Red Hat Enterprise Linux Distribution
How can I pass I/O through to the host system in Fanuc's ROBOGUIDE
EKF SLAM : Missing older landmarks in new observation
Which controller (PI or PD) is generally more robust to noisy sensor measurements and why?
Robot Hand to Eye calibration without joint encoder
Servo malfunction
Helium Balloon Altitude and Velocity Control System
How do I set the weights of an Unscented Kalman Filter?
UR5 Visual servoing(image based, eye in hand)
PID to control discharging current of battery
ROS meta-package ros-melodic-desktop-full doesn't include mav packages
Can neural network probability directly be used as inverse sensor model?
g2o Graph optimisation, What edge to use for a distance constraint?
How does 3D Lidar work
Best way to turn large "lazy suzan" bearing with stepper motor
Can drone fly in predefined fixed trajectory without GPS
BTserial.read() parameters
EKF SLAM : SLAM specific Jacobians for new landmarks
How to determine x-axis if the two z-axis are parallel in Denavit Hartenberg representation
How to render a robotic arm in Unity?
Quadcopter motors not spinning
Trajectory tracking problem for non-holonomic mobile robots
Differences between strapdown inertial navigation and motion models
How to build map for unknown environment?
Occupancy grid mapping
3D template for irobot-create
Robotic arm for university student
How do I set all objects in my scene to be aligned with respect to the camera in Unity 3D?
Specification calculation for choosing a proper stepper motor for Ball Lead / Screw system
Remove jittering from head pose estimated via dlib face detector
Effiecient computation of coriollis matrix
What is the relation between FOV, Focal Length and Sensor size in a Pin hole Camera Model?
Inverse Jacobian to find joint angles
How to calculate the mean of an unsymmetric distribution (Particle Filter)
Multi robot exploration
building a grid map from gps trajectory poses
Multiple machine ROS image transmission error
What should i do to rebuild robot salto from Berkeley uni as a mechanical engineering undergrad?
Is This A Colour Sensor?
CMA Net - How to export all statistics ? (In Excel/XLS)
How does structured light improve accuracy in stereo vision?
Artificial Intelligence and Open source pipeline for automated design, simulation and analysis of robotics systems
solving for unknown 2d rotation + translation
e6 Stock to Create Platform?
Can Swedish wheels be used in two wheeler configuration?
Unable to find link for node-mavlink-0.1.0.tgz
How to get a wired live feed from camera to phone
Native ROS vs ROS compatible via API
IMU outputs data to Arduino Serial Monitor but ROS hangs when waiting for IMU to boot?
ROS packages for *pre-planned* path navigation rather than path generation? (Turtlebot3/ROS)
Force Controller for robotic manipulation
Gazebo: SetPosition() function in the Joint class doesn't set the joint position and returns false sometimes
Sourcing catkin workspace populates ROS_PACKAGE_PATH with individual package paths
Mapping of unknown environment
Should I uninstall the WinUSB driver from my Flight Controller in order to flash it properly?
Why was the Shadow robot hand been utilized for teleoperation?
disparity error to x and y accuracy
Avoid to hit corners on diagonal steps using A* algorithm
I want to actuate a motor based on a wav file, but it has too many samples per second
Mapping of dynamic environment
How do you control the end effector of a rigid body system using keyboard keys?
How Can A Total Beginner Become A Skilled Roboticist?
Hunt for fast plane extraction algorithms from sparse map points
Simulating a robot
3-DOF Robot Dynamics error in Robotics Toolbox
Custom Image and Depth map in ROS RTAB mapper
What impact does a shroud have on the torque produced by the prop(s) of a multirotor that incorporates a properly designed shouded propeller?
Transform this matrix of distances into a more general one
Efficient sphere surface area search
D* path planning
Safety of LIDAR laser, trust Class rating or measure myself
Joint torque sensor vs end-effector force sensor
What control circuit element will control an ESC while doing bench testing?
3 DOF robot torque not converging Robotics Toolbox
Which motor is suitable for generating a constant pressure on objects?
Command line boolean parameters to ros node
Path planning with potential field
Using Simulink Interpreted MATLab fcn for robot dynamics using Robotics Toolbox
Roy Featherstone toolbox robot model
Is it possible to implement VSLAM on Arduino?
Does USB read-rate from camera decrease when running inside of a docker container?
MPU6050 gyroscope giving wrong measure
Is Ultrasonic Self Balancing Robot Possible?
Non-planar robot Dynamics error using Roy Featherstone's Spatial toolbox
problem of power on PIN 1 and PIN 2 of DIN connector of Roomba 521
Forward Kinematics of non-planar robot using Roy Featherstone's Spatial Toolbox
Effect of platform speed (how fast it is moving) on the quality of SLAM
What robotic skills can I develop when working as a robot operator?
Is it compulsary to learn Arduino programming in order to use Udoo Neo as an IOT device?
Meaning of Roomba's charging states
How to derive the Time-Update equation of SLAM
RTS Kalman smoother stability
All Joint Angle values not converging to desired set point (I am using Roy Featherstone's Spatial Toolbox)
Error term formulation in Graph SLAM (conceptual doubt)
How to understand the coordinate systems of IMU outputs in the KITTI raw data?
DH Parameter for OpenManipulator X from Robotis
estimate accuracy of (aruco) marker position tracking
What is required to get the roll, pitch and yaw of an aerial vehicle?
Gyro yaw drift compensation
Inverse Kinematics of Puma 566 giving low angle results with DH convention
ROS Algorithms & sensors
Is the information on the following link logical?
How to suck using vacuum only first sheet of paper from pack of paper?
Am I calculating my drone's power consumption right?
moveit! trajectory execution aborted
Integrating Mindstorm EV3 with 2 Alphabots
Mapping on Glass Surface
Looking for a microscale valve/controller
How to implement stop sign xml cascade
Is there any fault in my kinematic diagram?
Grasp stability of a robot
How to determine the required CPU speed for a micro-controller with a 2-phase encoder attached to interrupts?
PID control: zero out integral on error sign change?
PID tuning - can't get stiffness without going unstable
Why my kinematic diagram is not giving the same position and orientation while forward kinematics test?
Are all drone propellers compatible with all brushless motors?
Potential field algorithm implementation
Is not this guy using a flightcontroller?
Compute vector of attraction plus repulsion forces in a 2D force field mapping
Automatic forward and reverse Brushless Motor
How to access raspberry pi over wifi
Why do strong rotations affect Monocular Vision based Visual Odometry?
State of a Robot
Mavlink data parsing offline from buffer, on Linux in C
Need Suggestions for real-time number or object detection with Arduino + MATLAB?
Accelerometer and gyroscope noise and bias
Effective forces on an object for grasping
Tips/Tricks for Initial Guess of the Joint Variables in Inverse Kinematics
How come LIDAR is not commonly used for indoor navigation?
How to get position (X Y values) from a USB optical mouse
Visible light sensors for line follower
Do self-driving robots use object-level SLAM?
Relative quaternion to global with uncertainty
Configure dynamixel motors
Robotic arm chassis
The wide range of suction cups
Free-floating sphere dynamics using Roy Featherstone's spatial_v2 toolbox
Sampling time selection
Sampling from guassian distribution for odometry based motion?
How to estimate yaw angle from magnetometer and gyroscope?
Catching drift from IMU with if...else
Implementing a square root Kalman filter
Effects of distance between wheels on differential line following robots
Help understanding decoupled inverse kinematics
Looking for solution to 6R inverse kinematics
Path planning or 2D Mapping
How to sent commands
What is the definition of the contents of PointCloud2?
Advice for suspension 101 for a small ATV robotic platform
Picking up a cheap timer
Do I need to use Inverse Kinematics if I have the coordinates of all joints?
Max motor voltage for RoboClaw controller
In SLAM loop closure, What does a sim3 matrix do?
Path Planning algorithm
Jumping motion in point to point movement
Controlling Actuated Robot Hand in Underactuated Manner
IMU based joint angle measurement
what is ultrasonic based slam
How does sensor fusion related to SLAM
Does the Create 2 have the roomba room mapping software?
Control VS artificial intelligence?
Simple explanation of PID control
How to get the accurancy of the position system?
How to configure a DC power distribution bus
ORB-SLAM pose estimation
seek for stereo matching algorithms
Libraries to calculate kinematics using Screw Theory
Basic question about Markov Localization, probability and belief distribution shift
Plot a map using wheel encoder and IMU data
Fuzzy logic controller for controlling a four-bar linkage
why we need both vel and acc contribution for actual position?
2 NAO robots and a human interacting and exchanging an object
Do I have to use the CAN protocol that the motor controller uses in order to communicate with it?
Confused about I and D in PID controller?
effect of three terms of PID controller on output response?
End-effector orientation is off for certain orientations
How to make x variable change each time and read its value from txt file
Working with large bag files efficiently
For what step disturbance value the system will become unstable?
Inverse kinematics for a suntracker with swaped axis
ROS rqt_plot and rqt_multiplot font change
Data structure to store a robot map
Why is behavior-based robotics not as popular as deep learning or reinforcement learning?
Null space of the Jacobian matrix for a robotic arm
How to synchronise data for fusion in Kalman from multiple sensors with different timestamp information?
Selection of motor and Calculating the torque for 6DOF robot Arm
Relation between PWM frequency and torque
What is the purpose of these grey balls on the drone?
Decrease minimum depth of a RGBD camera
Variables that Improve SLAM
Problem with moving heavy computation into ISR's (dspic33E)?
Path planning algorithm to run my floor cleaning robot/zig zag path travel
teleop_twist_joy with Logitech F710 Joystick force feedback error
Drone Payload Potential
DH Table for 3DoF RRR robot
Autonomous quadcopter: How to transform setpoint into motor inputs?
What exactly is a nodelet?
Calculate ticks with three encoders?
AlphaBot2 run / migrate to .NET Core
