What is the XP budget per encounter for a two-person party?
Writing a better Weapon Focus feat
What do you do when there's nothing to do in combat?
Is that blackguard riding a dragon? Nope, but their pony sure looks evil
Rules for ending movement in an opponents space?
Is the information gained from a knowledge check fallible?
Effect of modern society's exposure to the improbable on Paradoxes
Savage Worlds: Do extras gain experience, take hindrances and edges?
Do bonuses from cyberware and the like apply before or after the morph-imposed attribute maxima?
How can I estimate difficulty in a FATE based game?
What skill should PCs use to find information in books in D&D 3.5e?
Where do the standard racial tropes for Dwarves come from?
Do druid animal companions get ability points due to high HD?
Where does the stereotype that wizards can't wear armor come from?
How does the Slow spell affect flying creatures with minimum forward speeds?
How do I turn a NPC undead in a way that maintains all their abilities, feats, etc.?
Is it acceptable for the GM to attack a recently-stabilized character?
Bull rushing into a wall
Are there any rules for a Cleric to change his faith?
Why do spells need to be "prepared"?
Is there a step-by-step combat flowchart for L5R, 2e?
Is there a penalty for rolling consecutive tens?
Calculating wounds & TN
Weapon skills with unspecified traits in L5R, 2e?
Do PCs retain memories of undeath once resurrected?
I'm a starter and need help with the Alchemist class
I'm having trouble being effective as a Lore Oracle and would like to improve
The effects of saving throws on mind reading
Is the alignment conflict in the Ranger/Druid multiclass combination evidence of an error?
Which way is North in the L5R 2nd edition map?
Can I use existing game mechanics in my own designs?
What Resources Are Available For Poison?
Unusually Unfair Trap in White Plume Mountain
Impact of allowing characters to change their main casting stat
Does Wealth By Level allow for "free" potions?
Does crafting necessarily require spending gold?
Alternative uses of Spider Climb
Are Weapon Finesse and two-handed wielding mutually exclusive?
Can a class feature acquired at a certain level be used if an item that rasies effective level is used?
What prestige classes can Warlocks take?
Alternative spell system
Animated dead in challenge ratings
Can I use Run in an area where there is no straight path available?
How to go from a humorous campaign to a more serious one?
Can half-shifted Were-Druids use all their powers?
Welcome to the potion shop. What do we have for sale, again..?
Can I use a salad fork to get into the Prime Material Plane?
How can I keep track of Aspects and Powers?
How rare are magic items in the Old World?
Where can I find online playtesters to test encounters before presenting them to my group?
Staying awake in-game in DnD3.5
Does hitting a shugenja while casting disrupt the spell?
How does Armor of Earth work?
Attacks of Opportunity from moving within a threatened area?
My group's misunderstood opportunity attacks for years; what to do now I know this?
Monster resource from Cthulu Mythos adjusted for D&D
Pathfinder RPG in Forgotten Realms 3.5 setting?
What are the requirements for sustaining a zone?
Does a target affected by font of radiance get to save before it takes damage?
Advice and sources for designing a fantasy political campaign?
How does time work in 3.5/Pathfinder?
How to Determine *Honest* Sincerity
Are there podcasts or blogs focused on the Dresden RPG?
Can characters with the Guardian theme choose powerful ranged characters as their bonded charge?
Looking for Role playing games with interesting social mechanics
Creating a Wizard at high levels: How many Spells should he know?
How many sorcerer and wizard spells are there in D&D 3.5?
Does Mnemonic Enhancer give you extra spells the next day?
D&D4E monster stat block templates for Google Docs
How fast can sailing ships turn?
Devourer and negative levels
Attack Power and Attack Roll
Are there the equivalent of Attacks of Opportunity in the Mythus Game
Does the Poisoned aspect stack?
Finger of death and Raise death/Resurrect/Reincarnate
best place to find RPGs on skype?
How do you make the PC scream: "I wish we had a mage!"?
Dresden RPG - How easy is it to avoid First Law violations?
How does stacking [Element] Aura work?
Adventures related to Sigil, the city of doors?
Can you concede by dying in Dresden Files?
How can a friend and I play two complementary characters effectively as a duo?
How can I adapt warforged to work with Pathfinder
Stupidity in DnD 4th edition - how low stats does a fool have and how it should change gameplay?
Aerial combat in 3.5e
Do I get the Class Feats at level 1 in D&D 4E?
How to make a Dark Brotherhood-esque Job Request System in D&D 3.5 E6
How can I add story to every encounter so that they don't seem like I'm just piling monsters on the characters for xp?
Can a Barbarian/Rogue Sneak Attack during a Rage?
How do I make a story based campaign revolve around a megadungeon?
How does the Master Craftsman feat work?
How can I create a more serious atmosphere when playing with siblings?
Can a gang die? If so, how?
How do I explain stress to a d20 crowd?
Dungeons and Dragons 1 hour game advice
How to build a Secret Base without killing the builders
How Can I Make Supplies Matter In D&D 3.5e?
Dual strike or fighting with two weapon in Dungeon World?
Inventor of the Universal Arcane Language?
Is there a limit to how many extra attacks I can have in D&D 3.5?
Can a Dancing Weapon be thrown, and does it trigger an Opportunity Attack?
Does the destination of a Shift have to be declared when the Shift is made?
How can I acquire Charm Person/Charm Monster as an SLA for my NPC?
Desert Wind Rage
How can I turn invisible?
What concrete rules can you point a GM to that is stuck in non-storytelling paradigms for Fate?
Questions about an Arcane/Divine combo build
Avoiding Sneak Attack
DM going from D&D 3.5e to AD&D 1st edition
Is discharging a spell a purely mental action?
Continuum - why frag now?
Samurais studying abroad: automatic killing machines?
Monsters with negative HP
When did the powers that be decide that my lanky frame warrants twenty-five square feet?
Does a monster that saves against effect that gets reapplied by Dark Reach of Xevut get to save again?
Are my vassals ripping me off?
Forced movement - PUSH
Pathfinder Battle Royale!
DM organization ideas for Sandbox campaign
How much, and what kind of, advance planning is appropriate for a sandbox campaign?
What are the perils of having the players play themselves as characters?
Giving a setting a feeling of ancientness
How can I encourage players to Spout Lore?
How is EXP generated for each weapon?
How to deal with overly cautious players?
Can wizards detect each other in The Dresden Files RPG?
Soulknife vs Soulbow
Software for diagramming branching campaign plotlines
How many attacks can an Olethrodaemon get with a full round attack?
GMs and MCs, When do you say, 'No,' to your players?
Writing a VtR Chronicle
When exactly do "once each round" effects work?
Homebrew "magic" version of Soulknife
Where do Avandra and Melora reside?
Attack Bonus question for Monsters with multiple attacks from multiple weapons
What level should I start including medium and major magic items randomly rolled loot?
What does it take for a new dragonblood character to know sorcery?
Can a spellcaster use Harmonic Chorus on himself?
Do abilities like Extra Spell and the Master Specialist Expanded Spellbook allow you to take spells outside of your class list?
Are class skill bonuses per rank or only once?
How do multiple natural attacks work?
Can a Summoner Wizard theoretically fill the Defender role?
How do vampires work exactly?
How much damage should a lab explosion do?
Attack Power and Heavy Throw
How would an Unaligned Vecna worshiper refrain from being/becoming Evil
What is an example of a "Pure" Simulationist system?
Frequency of combat encounters in Pathfinder
What should be considered when deciding if and how to use props?
What policies should be made at the start of a campaign, to define the desired game experience and avoid bad feelings later?
How the heck does magical darkness work in Pathfinder?
Question about a Dragonfire Adept build
What is the physical stress cap for a Diminutive Size creature with Claws?
How do I turn a daily into an encounter?
Can terrain shape area affect spells or attacks?
Is there a way to use Charisma in an intimidate check?
Are Draconic Heritage and the Dragonblood subtype equal?
I'm having difficulty understanding the price of magic arms and armor special abilities
Tabletop RPG for a poor enthusiast?
Cleaving large enemies
Do Protection from (Energy) spells protect from the inside or just the outside?
When does a creature "Deal Damage"?
Is resistance/vulnerability applied before damage is transferred with Nusemnee's Atonement?
Immediate action right after damage
What does 6" mean under speed in the 1st edition monster Manual
Drawing a gun and shooting before combat in D20 Modern
Does bashing armour soak firearms damage for vampires?
What is the base speed for humans and other PC races in AD&D
What body parts can I use to deliver a spell whose range is "touch"?
Should I read the Dresden Files fiction before I get the RPG?
Pathfinder benchmarks
Why is Hand Crossbow regarded as Exotic Weapon in 3.5e?
Defy Danger and attribute selection
What effect would total or partial removal of the skill cap have in the d20 System?
What is the best system for fantasy, modern, and scifi "simulation"?
Can a Paladin use his Mercies with Channel Positive Energy?
What would be the best system to play a Mission Impossible or James Bond game?
How to emulate a Gadget of the Week power?
How many spellpoints would a duskblade have under the Spell Points variant rule?
How many spellpoints would a duskblade have under Ernir's Psionic mechanics, Arcane flavor variant rule?
How do familiars, animal companions, cohorts, followers, and the like fit into the wealth by level progression?
Staff of Resilence, do I lose the THP if I get disarmed or put away the staff?
Stacking Turn Resistance
Is there a reason to ignore/adjust the Wealth By Level chart?
Is there an alternate rule to allow different stats for Male/Female characters?
What exactly counts as "within X squares" in DnD 4e
Advantages and disadvantages in using a one-shot pre-gen to introduce a new system
Dungeons and Dragons vs. Dangerous Journeys
How can I invoke actual fear in my players?
Should the DM try to actively fix party wealth in a sandbox game?
Is there a way to advance both Wizard and Assassin casting?
Inhuman Strength vs. +5 Might
In Dresden, and Based Solely on the Stats Listed, Are the Vampire Courts' Physical Strength the Same?
Aid or Interfere roll+Bond... How much variation is there with bond bonuses?
Can I Coup de Grace and/or make a death attack with a touch spell?
When I use a multiclass move to choose Animal Companion, do I get Command for free?
What are the complete set of combat modifers for fighting in darkness?
How do players learn about traits and auras with monster knowledge rolls?
Can damage cantrips be improved?
Does Word of Life interrupt and heal a dying ally before they fall unconscious?
How to make the best of a monk?
Feat Selection for a Gestalt Druid/Ninja Wildshape assassin
How to encourage a player's creativity without breaking the game?
Preparing a one-shot with FATE
Why is the Monk class considered sub-par in some games of 3.5?
Is there a reasonably complete database of RPGs?
Starting HP in Dungeon World
Please stop giving the town sheriff a noogie!
How do multiple attacks with natural weapons work?
Can my Animal Companion use Skills that it can't put ranks into?
Tips and pitfalls for a variable-size group
What are the differences between Shadowrun 3rd and 4th edition that I should know about?
NPC Ships for Rogue Trader
Can you strike an enemy in melee with an implement?
How can I use the skill system from D&D3e in AD&D2e?
What is the royal protocol, if any, in Changeling: The Lost?
Can an Eidolon apply a reach evolution to a weapon attack?
Does an Eidolon share initiative with the Summoner?
Why is Survival not a class skill for animals?
Do touch spells crit via a natural weapon's crit range?
Do military ranks transfer between regiments?
Do pregnancies apply at the Bawdyhouse?
How to implement dual-classing in a non-levelled RPG game?
Where did the option to trade rolling for a minimal success first appear?
What dangers are there in having my GMPC be the recurring villain?
Crafting on ten coppers a day
How do I know which regiments are lower social standing?
Should players know the details about campaign moves
Infinite wish combo using 3 items
Does a scout get skirmish extra damage on a ready action or AOO?
Multiple attacks with a dancing weapon?
Tried all the existing advice, but players still never roleplay fear
Is there a way to do slashing damage with a mace?
How is HD determined in Animate Dead?
Can commissions be purchased while on Campaign by using a servant or intermediary in Paris?
How does attending Military Academy work in time sequence?
What is the significance of a Basic Attack vs. any other sort of attack?
What to do when your character is just too good?
How to mitigate glass cannon syndrome in Pathfinder?
How should I interpret "rival" when playing out the Envy vice?
What makes a character/creature/power/ability/etc. over-powered?
Why do some classes mention the same skill in both Trained and Class skills?
What is a good mechanic for a test of will power?
What Resources are available to expand my critical hit multiplier?
Challenging pre-made campaign for veteran players but easy on new GMs
Making epic combat interesting and challenging but not complicated
What is the speed factor of a melee weapon and fire rate of a ranged weapon mean?
Can I double move or use a standard action after using Scion of Arkhosia's Overland Flight?
Pathfinder DR and ability damage
Playing Dungeon World in an established setting
A system ranking epic levels alongside divine ranks?
How fast is the Exploration Speed of a Greater Flying Carpet with two riders?
Looking for a system that effectively models endurance and fatigue
Reasons to multiclass in 3.5
What is the Stormwind Fallacy?
Shame him into not shooting: multiple stress tracks in a single conflict
Ending combat: should I "kill" monsters prematurely?
How can I deal with players who are reluctant to spend resources?
What is a realistic way to incorporate firearms into D&D 3.5
It is commonly said that epic spellcasting in D&D 3.5e is broken. What are some examples of broken epic spellcasters?
W40K: Arbitrator not very successful
How to kill a character without making their player too angry
Does taking levels in a prestige class cause XP Penalty?
Question about Wonders
Intimidation in D&D 4e - What can it be used for and what are the consequences for doing so?
Ideal group composition
Stacking Monk and Paragon classes
How do I use the damage workspace on 4e character sheets?
3D Rules for a 2D Game
When Multi-Classing, do you gain all class benefits?
How could I make Bruce Banner/Incredible Hulk as a valid character?
Converting a 3.5e Campaign (Shackled City) to a 4e Campaign
How to reveal initiative dice simultaneously online?
How do I help my players get past an obstacle I didn't intend?
How do I set the base price in a barter system?
Does the combination of the Blinded and Deafened status effects make other creatures effectively hidden?
Playing an Undine Druid with the water domain, can I use water affinity for domain spells?
Where do I find the "monster level" for the monsters in the AD&D monster manual?
Is there a plainer english explanation of bravery and poltroonery?
Anything I should keep in mind before I start mixing and matching between D&D 3.5e and Pathfinder?
Do Manacles of Cooperation allow for a save to escape?
Where do I find the saving throws matrix for monsters in AD&D
What is the best two handed weapon in 4th edition?
How do I kidnap my characters without bending the rules?
Becoming an outsider but still being humanoid
Is it legal to write and distribute adventures or campaign settings for D&D 3.5?
Rules for physical appearances based on charisma and race
Do the penalties mentioned in the Spell Rage class feature replace or stack with Barbarian Rage?
AD&D scrolls and learning spells
If I am using 2 weapons, can I trip with one and attack the tripped target in the same round?
Is Coup de Grace on sleeping and bound opponents an evil act?
My Rogue has just achieved 6000xp, how can I build him to improve two-weapon melee attacks?
Can a Rogue (D&D 3.5) use sneak attack on both the first and second attack?
Monk with Aberrant/Vile feats
Effect of simultaneous Physical Stress
Rulesets to make magic more unpredictable and dangerous?
The 5-Foot Step and Acrobatic Strike
Swashbuckler's Insightful Strike and Two-Weapon Rend
Would magic 'weapons' make the monk more balanced?
Problems Regarding a Mary-Sue type Player Character
D&D 3.5 mounted movement in battle
How can I gauge the strength of my PCs in Legend?
How to handle spell components in AD&D 1st edition
Why is Int supposed to be a Psion's key stat when they don't use it?
Avoiding Wrath of Fellow Players (And Death)
What is a social contract?
Is It OK To Sic Assassins On My PCs?
What's a Dominate Person between allies?
What percentage of the population is magical in Pathfinder's world of Golarion?
Master of Shrouds Summon Undead caster level
What systems use interesting questions to inspire character backgrounds?
Wages and economy in Rolemaster/MERP
In depth world building. Making connections
Are Divine Sanction and Divine Challenge the same thing?
Metafictional Lovecraft in a Call of Cthulhu campaign
How can the players reduce the workload of a game master?
Rules for multi-classing in D&D Next?
What's a good mechanic for rewarding players for keeping their characters happy?
Paragon tier wizards 'rocket jumping'?
Does the Necromancer minion get feats?
What are the major differences between AD&D 1st Edition & AD&D 2nd Edition
Do undead benefit from magic items?
Troglodytes, kobolds, and dragons, living together
How to get players to be curious and ask questions?
Can you enchant spiked gauntlets as weapons?
Is making someone afraid a social or mental attack?
Reward distribution and story continuity with rotating players/GMs
Introducing a complex game world to players unfamiliar with its fiction whilst still hitting the ground running with character creation?
Do aspects caused by fallout grant tags?
Can the GM pass an NPC's tag to a PC?
Responding to players paying exclusively with gold coins
Pathfinder Wall of Ice Anchoring Rules
Is it really possible to represent a 'genius' character completely accurately?
Is making a skill check in place of another check still considered the original skill?
How do attack penalties stack?
Max distance a character can move while slowed factoring in anything
How do I learn to become a good GM?
Does an immediate interrupt trap stop an action?
Does a charge provoke an opportunity attack from the target?
Opportunity attacks and immediate interupts per round
Can you move diagonally past someone or something?
How do I avoid clichés while improvising?
How to help players who roll really badly?
How useful would a house ruled immediate Counterspell ability in Pathfinder be?
Are the rules for ignoring actions and having separate realities in contradiction?
Adjusting aspects based on attendance
Does a Geist's Threshold restrict "flavor text" traits?
Can Divine Sanction damage kill minions?
Can the Pixie's Teleport Trick make you invincible?
How to Manage Player Frustration and Disengagement
How to better implement Spiked Chain build from OOTS 216?
Is there a way to mix Unarmed Strike Damage with Natural Attack Damage or vice versa?
Does an Evocation shield have a reactive utility to it?
What are the positives and negatives of this house rule for flanking?
Is there a limit to Rule 0?
How do I calculate my attack bonus?
What resources regarding monsters are compatable with Rule of Cool's Legend system?
Looking for functioning dice servers
Should house rules and custom material be created before experiencing the game?
Derogatory term for dragon blooded?
Aced d4s vs skill development in Savage Worlds
How to encourage new GMs (in a club environment)
Games with a granular alignment system?
What counts as "entering a zone"?
Mixed non-native speakers trying RPGs for the first time
How many dice do you need for Dogs in the Vineyard?
Designing my own D&D Adventure
Methods for round-robin style DM'ing in AD&D?
How to handle wealthy player characters as a GM?
Microscope RPG Turn Sequence During Scenes
Feats for a wolf animal companion?
Can you have an Undead Bane and Disruption on the same item for extra damage?
In Wild Talents 2nd Edition, how exactly do I calculate base will?
How to cause a missed shapeshift roll for Dungeon World
What happens to rez points when you merge (alpha) forks?
PC in chains, planned myself into a corner
How do you help your GM/fellow PCs track buffs/debuffs?
Fantasy accent and dialect, or how do I speak like Tom Hanks in Cloud Atlas?
Can a creature use rake when you can't win a grapple check?
What kind of action is rake?
What book has archer volley rules?
How do you customise swearing to a setting?
How should someone react to this version of Zone of Truth?
How should I hand out magic items in D&D 3.5e?
What are the main factors to consider when a PC gains a major airport in V:tM?
Is there an RPG or RPG setting for Un Lun Dun, and if not, how and how easily would one go about making one?
What feats are useful for a Dragonfire Adept build?
How do summa of sound quality achieve a quality of 28-level?
Is there any resource for side quests with which to fill out one's campaign?
Spoilt for choice: helping traditional-system players adapt to narrative-control games
Powergamer to Roleplayer
How can I tailor an encounter so that a low level, mostly mundane party can defeat a wasp swarm?
How much control does a Ranger have over what triggers "disruptive strike" and how it is used?
How to convert AD&D 2e (Planescape) PCs to nWoD Hunters (modern) mid-campaign
Is OD&D faster than D&D 3e at low levels, and why?
Get started with RPGs
Dealing with skill rerolls by several players
What build is best for my Bravura Warlord?
How exactly does lighting affect combat?
Are undead subject to the adverse effects of having 0 in a mental ability score?
What is "RPG Theory?"
Are there d20 stats for Cthulhu?
How are dual-wielding penalties applied?
Is the Psionics handbook from 3.0 compatible with D&D 3.5
What are the steps for creating an animal companion?
How do touch spells work in Pathfinder?
Using Encounter Power twice per round?
Treasure tables in 3.5: roll per monster or per encounter?
How do the treasure tables work for mixed groups of creatures?
The Undying Deva
Do spells that grant the caster a tail benefit from already having one?
Is Greater Mage Hand worth it?
Being a good secret keeper: protection against mind manipulation
How do you keep players from using out of game knowledge when their characters wouldn't know the answer?
Modern or future polar horror adventure
Resolving confusion & conflict re: group's relationship with system rules
Does a quiet or loud environment affect listen checks?
Can you use Mindlink to go through walls?
What are some ways to increase melee damage?
Multipurpose spell focus?
Does ability score increases spell slots/spells per day/spells known?
Games based on Eclipse Phase's world and/or system
How many dice do I get when I spend willpower on a chance roll?
Are there statistics of the more played games?
How can a Sentinel Druid get the Air Spirit Primal Attunement?
Which rpg system supports freeform magic and is intended for Fantasy games?
Would a greatsword that is +1/+3 vs aberrations unbalance my game?
Small group tabletop
What are supported 4e campaign settings?
Could Belief in Little Fears: Nightmare Edition cause the dark side of the moon to really be dark?
What is the difference between these Player's Handbooks?
Why did WotC release Psionics under the OGL?
How can I maintain game balance at extremely high levels of power in a point-build system?
Running a game with intentionally "over-powered" PCs
How do Substitution levels in Champions of Valor work?
How does Armour work in Savage Worlds?
What powers do Elemental Mages start with?
Draconic Lineage feats vs Reserve Feats
What are some good chance/luck-themed spells for Sorcerers?
Which non-light weapons does Weapon Finesse apply to?
Rules system for playing out the details of founding and developing a city?
What is the threshold strength of the sunrise?
Temporal Acceleration and Linked Power
How to support useful Intraparty Conflict
Do two standard actions equal a full round action?
What are the key considerations to creating compelling environments?
Does obscuring mist get burned away by non-magical fire?
Character build for Gandalf in D&D3.5?
Why "roll for initiative" in Pathfinder?
Thoughts on character Leitmotifs?
What is the definition of a natural roll on dice
How do I build an 4e essentials character?
Can Ability Score increases caused by magic items qualify me for feats?
Do I lose access to a feat if ability drain results in no longer meeting the prerequisite?
Why are dwarves medium?
Does a natural 20 initiative roll have any special rules?
What's the best way to use a tablet computer for your character sheet?
Pathfinder spell lists with properties
How would two brute squads fight?
Where can I find out more about the Tlacique?
Surviving in the sunlight?
Can Benign Transposition be used on your familiar as a form of teleportation?
Lovecraft's Deep Ones and co. in the 21st century
Feat which allows a PC to use a Ranged weapon in 'Melee Range' without provoking Opportunity Attacks?
Can White Court Vampires feed from more than one type of emotion?
Gauntlet that provides benefits of Monkey Grip?
How can a Warlord gain an at-will power that pushes?
What setting changes need to be addressed in order to convert Golarion to the E6 variant system?
Is there a product that offers hexagonal dungeon tiles?
Overlapping hallow/unhallow effects
Do you have to hit for effects to occur or do they occur whether you hit or miss?
Is there anything (feats/powers/items) that allows a sorcerer to teleport as a move action in Heroic Tier?
Published adventures rewarding an athletic stealthy character
What are the feats and class features that turn will and fort saves into reflex saves?
Software for adding atmosphere via music and sounds
What would a rogue call him/herself in game?
What was this Magic the Gathering RPG I remember?
What to buy to start out 4e D&D (DM and PC) (Complete Noob, no previous experience)
What's a good system/setting for an X-Files style campaign?
Mixing SRD Main and d20 Modern SRD
Where to buy just the plastic cases for dice?
What makes up the core FATE?
Dispelling (un)hallow linked spells
Does a close burst attack that only targets 1 creature in the burst trigger burst vulnerability?
How can I introduce twists to the setting without asking the players
Is it possible to create Blackguard of Pelor?
Can we add trains in D&D without breaking the world
What skills would a DFRPG PC roll when playing a video game?
Evolving a region from war torn to merchant hub
How can I use a frame story and keep a sense of danger and mystery?
Summoned creature outside of combat, how long does it last?
Does a Double Weapon work with Two-weapon feats?
Animal Companion Healing and Dying
Pathfinder: Does the +3 Bonus count as ranks in itself, or just a bonus?
Creative Commons RPG
Bad/Rash character actions and consequences that don't kill my game
Silence spell and when to roll saving throw
Are there female minotaurs?
How can I include Dresden-Files-style vampires in my Pathfinder game?
How does acquiring a template that changes hit dice affect pre-existing hit points?
Dragonborn Item Interaction
Can a lich redeem itself?
Good games for inexperienced players and GMs?
Failing to use acrobatics to move through threatened squares in Pathfinder
Can Bluff be used to emulate an alignment?
Can psychic damage affect mindless creatures? Can radiant damage sterilise water?
Do you need to take a feat to get the background?
What's a good class and race for beginners?
How does a dragon accumulate a hoard?
Is using the term "gypsy" in a game racist?
Can an undead cleric resurrect himself?
Where can I find D&D Penny Arcade Podcast season 2 scenario?
Stats for character in Apocalypse World
Is a permission a cost?
Where can I find cartography icons for game maps?
How can I replace a player character with an impostor without alerting the group?
Do burst/close burst attacks "splash" around corners?
Ways to boost a low HP character in D&D 3.5
How can I get a character with the lowest hit points possible?
Is it normal that players share their characters' thoughts?
What do I do with a dissonant player?
What are the reasons for limiting number of players in Dogs in the Vineyard?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of dual wielding in 13th Age?
What is a sci-fi system that would feel familiar to reluctant Pathfinder players?
Are there methods of adding more touch spells to a Duskblade's spell list?
Is there a system with hit locations where missing hits another location?
In Pathfinder, what are the rules for holding a two-handed weapon in one hand while using the other hand?
I want Lay on Hands, but I think Paladins are campaign-wreckers and won't play one. What are my options?
How is XP awarded for combat encounters?
Is there an (online) SRD for Cthulhu d20?
Looking for a Space marine RPG similar to Starship Troopers (the Novel)
Differences in D&D 3.0 and 3.5 core material not in the SRD
Returning enchantment on a creature
Reducing a monster below CR 1
How do I convert AD&D 1st Edition modules to 2nd Edition?
AoO and subsequent rolls
How can I arrange for the long-term containment of magical animals?
Negative Damage of an Animal
3 enchanted items to cast ritual - D&D
Do universal rules systems without any implied setting whatsoever exist?
Flying straight from prone
How to play a Dwarven Gutbuster?
Can a Combat Challenge/Divine Challenge/Warden's Fury interrupt an opportunity attack?
How can I check whether an extremely adult/mature plot idea would be accepted by players without revealing any details of the idea itself?
I am a novice, so are my friends. What should we start out with?
How does resurrecting destroyed undead affect their level progression?
Were there gray renders before the year 2000?
Are there any fantasy campaign setting/modules analogous to the Silk Road?
Where can I find a non-Lovecraftian medieval religious horror game that will inspire dread in my players?
Can you buy and use an accurate weapon without having the superior weapon feat for it?
Cyberpunk 2020 Reflex question
Should I pay attention to the defenses targeted when choosing my powers?
Does the barbarian rage ability 'Ground Breaker' work on plain earth?
Spellcasting Prodigy Feat in Pathfinder - yes or no?
Does smite evil bypass DR for non-evil targets?
What does a Template mean by Hit Dice?
How can I add spellcasting ability to a preexisting Fighter class character?
How to make players care about a community
How to motivate players without the promise of gold and XP?
How do you turn a plot seed into a scenario
Creating NPCs from Real-Life People
Keeping Lightsabers Out of the Hands of Non-Force Sensitives
What inspired the D&D version of the Rakshasa?
Does GMing diminish or detract from being a player in games?
At what point did polyhedral dice become part of D&D?
How do new characters get equipment?
Where could I go to find editing services that specialize in RPGs?
How is a play-by-email game actually played?
Why did D&D Paladins originally have a requirement to be Lawful Good?
In D&D 4e, are 1/2 level defense bonuses compound with the raised ability modifier?
Where did the Chromatic/Metallic Dragons come from?
Is there a good way to find out if a Grandmaster exists for a skill?
Would there be an appropriate punishment for failing to protect a host from another clan?
How much experience should a vampire of a given age have?
3 novices, 1 Warhammer Fantasy. How do I make sure my friends don't have a bad first experience?
Collection of custom Apocalypse World moves, with feedback?
Constitution drain, energy drain, dominating gaze - but incapable of crossing running water?
Earthdawn: Barsaive Name Giver and adept population
What is the history and significance of the "dire" prefix to creatures?
What resources should I use to create a mod for d20 Modern?
Can a sleeping character Hide?
How Long does Unnerving Shove cause the target to grant Combat Advantage?
What CR adjustment should I make for Divine Rank 0
Earthdawn: What are Barsaive's jungles like?
What are the essential features of a successful evil campaign?
Any advice on a good Respawn system for pathfinder
What is a "trad game"?
How is character development realised in Mongoose Traveller?
How much does it cost to build or rent a building?
Resources for Complex Puzzle-Traps
How far can I throw a small object?
Opportunity Knocks and opportunity attacks
Pitfalls of using the optional 'XP for Gold' rule in a Basic Fantasy RPG campaign?
Are clauses in Changeling contracts cumulative?
Shadowrun Road Trip
How would you mechanically model the effect of spraying a CO₂ fire extinguisher in someones face?
Can You Create Your Own Cosms in Torg?
Does Binder's Pact Augmentation DR/— stack with DR/— Gained From a Vestige?
How do you use investigation skills in Gumshoe?
What affects the Druid beast form attack bonus?
What is a Corruption Test?
How does a DM correct the balance after accidentally giving the players too much gold?
Does a creature have to make a saving throw after being knocked prone?
Why Does Dresden Files Have Such a Large Page Count?
Should long Aspects be split?
Can circumstances change a skill's key ability score?
What happens to aquatic creatures when they're pulled onto land?
Armor as DR alternate rules: Do untyped AC bonuses apply to Defense or DR?
Do shield and armor check modifiers stack?
What happens when two combatants' attack rolls have the same Height and Width?
Idiot Savant Magic-user
Non-lethal weapon damage - does a magic bonus add?
Running a game of Microscope that isn't totally insane?
Will a Rogue (Scoundrel) with Sharpshooter Talent and Moonbow Stalker applying the crossbow bonus to her shortbow cause problems?
If someone is "Out of Ammo," can they still shoot until compelled?
How would I model a "Grant Superpowers" Miracle?
How Did the Civil War End?
Making magic "magical"
Which class should my "fallen" paladin change to?
AoO and Touch spells on Allies
Does telekinesis do Bashing or Lethal?
Effect of natural environment on the development of cultures
How can I mechanistically empower a prophecy or fortune without railroading the plot?
Does the target of a spell know who is casting it?
My DM's ruled that all spells cast in armor are subject to Arcane Spell Failure. Can you change his mind?
Which cultural trope(s) does the D&D cleric refer to?
Do Psicrystals get feats?
My players almost die in my encounters every time. Does this mean my encounters are too hard?
How can non-magical healers be useful when magic healing is available?
Is automatic success guaranteed when Aiding Another with a high skill?
Can you take 10 on Aid Another?
Can I use old Masquerade supplemental material in Vampire: the Requiem?
Where can I find Invictus Oaths?
How can I make an exceptionally savage Gangrel?
How much greed is too much for a Chaotic Neutral character?
How does multi-type damage work?
How much damage do these types inflict?
I'm fairly new to D&D but want to GM; where do I go from here?
What is the term for a mean character role-played by a nice player?
Hybrid Psion Class Feature Lost?
How do I start DMing a new game after the Red Box?
How do I deal with these crazy PCs?
Conjuring Armor via Thaumaturgy and Craft item in Dresden Files Rpg
Respawn with stat reductions system
What happened to SVDPress?
Can a Pyeryem Mage Talk to a Black/Porte Wolf?
Dealing with a disgruntled player leaving my campaign
What power sources exist in D&D and what influence do they have on their heroes?
How do I play D&D 4e gridless (but still on tabletop)?
How can I take advantage of intentionally going prone?
How should I properly lay out the expectations of my players for the campaign, and how do I support these expectations?
Can I make my full round multiple attacks with the same weapon?
How Can I Play a Fighter Dual-Wielding Shields?
Is it a single or double run?
Can a person be marked by multiple Horrors?
How could I get more from sneak attacks?
Can Savage Worlds be played effectively on a Square or Hex Grid?
Magic Dead Zones and rules clarifications
How to discourage players from roleplaying out of their alignment when using a 3.5e alignment system in a 4e game?
How do you handle Reach in Dungeon World?
Is there any way to reduce Metapsionic Costs?
How To Divide Up Loot?
What are the "roots" of the Arts that a standard covenant library would have?
I need help with a 3e-4e merger homebrew system (specifically fighters)
Any free and private wiki-like services for campaign tracking?
Do Backstab and Sneak Attack stack?
How can I make my carrying mission interesting
Melee Egoist Build
Adventures with an allegorical/philosophical flavour
Are you supposed to have a Focus during the first pass?
Does ending a Power early take the equivalent of an action?
Question about the Bag of Endless Caltrops
Do thieves get extra encounters and dailies?
Is the "Raise dead" spell subject to augmented summoning?
Handling many modifiers on a probability curve
How to handle the PCs within a large military?
What Works Inspired Paranoia?
What RPG systems are Designed for a "Traditional" Call of Cthulhu Scenario
How do I tell how long my adventure is going to be?
What is an example of an optimized Ranger/Cleric build?
What use is a car, with no infrastructure?
Are there rules for increasing ability scores after character creation in Basic D&D?
Introducing new players to Legend: Shared track game?
Retrain languages in the 4e character builder?
How can I make PDFs of Character Sheets from the Character Builder?
How do I read a 4-sided die?
Are there rules for making Class specific Custom Powers?
How do Heavy Armor and Interference type powers work?
How many natural weapon attacks would I get?
How can I adapt elements of the Gumshoe investigation system to Ars Magica?
What do you do when a player intimidates your campaign boss to surrender?
In-game rewards for game-related work?
Rolling Echo's size after an AP?
Things that all characters are vulnerable to in Shadowrun?
Character advancement across Playbooks
How does one keep track of all of the different statuses, conditions, and mathematically-entwined stats of FFRPG?
Game system recommendation - D20 system like DnD4E but faster level up rate
Encouraging players to play games they normally wouldn't?
How do I model sinkholes collapsing under the PCs?
What is the cost for the upkeep of gear?
Can you use more than one martial maneuver in a single round?
Multi Class Leveling
Healing Kits in combat
Can the GM give control over a support NPC to the players?
How do I read these attacks?
Where are a monster's skills?
How do passive skills work?
How can I motivate my fellow players?
Is it common to wear costumes when (tabletop) roleplaying?
Use Predator's Flurry on a charge?
Is gaining Fly as a class skill with the Feather Subdomain supposed to replace gaining Knowledge (Nature) with the Animal Domain?
Can vows and oaths be mixed in a single Changeling pledge?
Is a Bodak's Death Gaze an Energy Drain Effect?
Are Hit Points in Dungeon World just a nod to D&D?
Does Armor have a base +1 AC if made for tiny creatures?
Do travel bonuses from the Shadow Walk and the Phantom Steed rituals stack?
Any rules or fluff around a technomancer infected with HMHVV?
Are PDF Based RPG Sales Hurting the Industry?
How do you make a new NPC likable?
Does Full Defense assume you're also Defending?
Running a Counter-Strike style Shadowrun?
Approval levels for retainers and allies in NWOD venues
Can I use Persistent Spell's effect with Bloodline powers?
Was psionic combat removed from Pathfinder?
Fixed Psionic Combat
Movement & attack in a Combat round question
How to play the Junta idea as RPG?
Running a "Chaotic Evil" PC in a morally ambivalent group?
How does Improved Familiar advancement affect its size category and size-related benefits?
How hard is it to stake a vampire?
Incentivizing Player Betrayal?
How can I make a daily power an encounter power?
In Pathfinder bloody skeletons are permanently destroyed in an area of a Bless?
Does a tied Trick or Test of Wills go to the attacker or defender?
Which court does Xi'an belong to?
Dark Lord knowledge in Ravenloft
How does two weapon fighting calculate the offhand attack?
Do Powerful Build and Monkey Grip Stack?
Can a druid use powers from other classes while in beast form?
Multiclass total saving throw adjustment in Pathfinder
How to accurately describe mental danger
What is an easy to learn and teach combat-focused game set in the Lord of the Rings series?
Creating my own RPG but having a hard time. Need advice
System Recommendation: Gritty Sci-fi
Do the 3.5 books ask you to refer to 3.0 books?
Are Masterplan projects equivalent to adventures or campaigns?
What 4e character options allow a player to substitute ability scores?
How do I gain extra feats outside of normal levelling?
How can we heal HP while infected with Filth Fever?
Difference between Ranged Sorcerers Attack and Ranged Basic Attack
When determining initiative bonus for PCs, is it dex + 1/2 level or dex mod + 1/2 level?
Can you initiate maneuvers with weapons other than those the discipline favors?
What are the main differences between version 4.0 and 4.1 of The Dark Eye
Limits of the Entangle Power?
Do you have to permanently sacrifice turns/rebukes for more daily Devotion Feat uses?
Good techniques for getting player-character backgrounds integrated into the game?
Would this Technomancer concept be plausible?
What happens to a dying Revenant in the Stunning Palm stance?
Does the Direct The Strike power provoke OA?
Does Staff of Provocation allow enemy attack himself?
When does a power count as an attack?
What can you make a dominated creature do?
Can a demon lord read minds?
Does a weapon thrown with Giantkind Gloves gain weapon benefits?
Does a mundane weapon thrown with a magic ki focus return?
How many wounds does a Rogue Trader character start with?
What RPG converted "choose your own adventure"–style gamebooks into adventure modules?
Does Versatile Duelist allow sneak attacks without combat advantage?
Do Duelist's Flurry and Sneak Attack stack?
How big a creature can you entangle with entangling breath?
Wealth in tremulus: insane or horrific?
Is there a Beloved of Chemosh template anywhere?
Does Melee Training affect the secondary attack of Riposte Strike?
How can I screen new players to make sure they are a good fit for my game?
What book is the "Everything in the Book" power from?
Touch Attack Spells vs Incorporeal Creatures
Fear and Reason in My Life With Master
How to describe combat with brutes
Tools for tracking NPC/PC relationships and attitudes
Does a skill in Burning Wheel open gray if one of its root stats is gray?
How does Pyrokinesis work?
Is there an online service to convert play transcripts into narrative fiction?
Is having multiple Power Jewels overpowered?
How do I fix this plot hole?
Can a beastmaster have a beast and a minion at level 1? (4e D&D)
Is the blinding effect of Glitterdust effective on mindless undead?
What is the LA when only the ECL is listed?
Effects of Horror Corruption
Do AOE attacks deal Sneak Attack damage to all targets?
Why the bad guys don't just teleport somewhere drop a bomb and teleport back?
Can a sorcerer cast other spells while in the shape of an Air Elemental?
How should a GM deal with "standing orders?"
How do I get as many enemies as possible to attack me in 1 round from a distance?
How do I, as a DM, help a girl integrate into a group of all male role-players?
How do I gain an animal companion?
Can I use exotic materials to make armor?
Bows in ShadowRun: How do I calculate the damage?
What are the best ways to utilize Wisdom and Charisma?
May magic missile be energy substituted
Playing D&D 4e with two players
How do I interpret "add +1/3 to natural armor bonus"?
What systems do use-based skill upgrades well?
How can I hint to Changeling players that they should use their kenning?
Is there a canonical definition for when Hermetic seasons start in Ars Magica?
Savage Worlds: Safety Harnesses and Airbags?
Messing with the Wild Die?
Do Sly Flourish and Night Stalker stack?
Converting Command skill from Rogue Trader to Fate Core
What benefits do I get from sneak attacking a knocked out enemy with two-fisted shooter?
How effective would a mech be in a city environment?
Is there any way for a Bard to take the Blackstaff Apprentice theme?
Why does (A)D&D change so much between editions?
What is the scale of the Celwynvian map in Pathfinder #15
As a DM, how do I handle PCs casting heals on other PCs afflicted with paranoia?
How does Resist work against 1 attack that deals 2 separate damage types?
Mutant Chronicles: Luna City and Moon physics
Combining Witches' Charm (Su) Hex and Diplomacy?
How does Phasing interact with the Z-axis?
Does there exist an application for tracking your library of games?
How does Extended and Sympathetic casting in Mage: the Awakening function?
What alternatives are there for replacing the D&D memorize and forget magic rules
In RAW how can I manipulate animal's attitude while magically speaking with them?
Optimized "Coordinated Charge"?
Can a Paladin take levels of other classes?
How can I run games in Shadowrun, without going overboard?
What systems contain Multiple Caster or Combined Casting rules?
What/how many different cities are officially supported by Dresden Files?
In D&D, A PC became king. How do I keep him in check?
A system that models improved threat range of critical misses?
What attack rolls does a TWF 3 Rogue/1 White-haired Witch get?
Is it an automatic crit if I hit with an extended threat range?
Does the trait "Magical Knack" affect familiars?
Which class is the Magical Knack more useful in?
How can I let players make more choices during combat?
What is Gnosis? How is it calculated and what does it impact?
Sources for additional (summonable) creatures in Anima: Beyond Fantasy
How does resist all apply to an attack that deals two types of (non-combined) damage?
How can I optimize this Slayer?
Where can I find a lot of d20 Modern mods?
What makes a Scene worthwhile in a game of Microscope?
Does blind-fight allow a rogue to use sneak attacks in dim light?
Where can I find a tutorial for Pokemon Tabletop Adventures?
Technological warfare: how does Iron Man fight?
In a high magic setting, how should I introduce "unnatural" magic?
Druids' access to Domains in Pathfinder?
How does crossing the borders of Ravenloft's domains work?
What are the rules for a flyby grapple?
What kind of penalty does moving over furniture incur?
How does sneak attack work for ranged rogues after surprise round?
How to handle initiative while keeping the spotlight on a duel within a larger combat?
Transporting players from Faerun to Athas (Dark Sun)
Trying to understand stacking defense bonuses from Racial / Feat / Items in DND4e?
How to get a new player to understand the time investment of a table top RPG
How to make a confinement situation interesting without railroading players?
What die rolls are open-ended?
Hide in Plain Sight vs True Seeing
Puzzling Things Out in tremulus and failing - how would that move the story forward?
Encouraging players to not cheat the item purchase system?
What is the best way to prevent abuse of the gate spell?
How does damage reduction work with falling damage?
How do Mushroom Vest and Boots of the Cat work together?
Does a ring of feather falling work for any height?
About monster definition and distinctions
How are Werewolf traits balanced?
How to give a Rogue ways to shine
Players who want a dayjob for a megacorp. Should I allow it?
Do I reset XP to zero on a new level?
What would the effect be of zeroing your exp after every level?
Can I use more than one implement at once?
When a power makes a zone, what squares does it affect?
Tips for combining Gumshoe/Lorefinder with improv/Lazy GMing?
When should I use active defense?
What happens if you cast Energy Immunity (Fire), then Energy Immunity (Acid)?
Who popularised the abbreviation of XP for experience points? Was it Basic D&D?
What, precisely, happens when you apply the Chain Spell metamagic feat to the Chain Lightning Spell?
How does the Chain Spell feat interact with expensive material/experience point components?
How to hide the system in FATE (Dresden Files)
How should HD work with a Vampire template split across levels?
How can I use Psionic Wild Talents with a Dark Sun campaign in Pathfinder?
What are the best RPG bestiary books containing monsters inspired by East Asian cultures?
Is the Greenbound Summoning Feat as powerful as it looks, or am I missing something?
Can anyone teach a new player to play Pathfinder?
Does Mitigate Suffering prevent further ability damage?
Recovering from sanity loss in tremulus without going mad
Are there any guidelines as to the nature of fast-cast spontaneous spells needed to counter a magi's spells?
How does the flaw limited magic resistance work?
Is a Minor Magical Focus in Counterspelling appropriate?
Do animal companions lose some of their abilities on advancement?
Using aspects to represent non-"issue" game themes
Do you have to take the Advantage "Free access to any Discipline" to use Psychic Powers as a Mentalist?
Does an Apocalypse World Campaign Really Work with Just 2 Players and an MC?
How can I create a Prisoner's Dilemma-style choice in Paranoia?
Can a hacker/technomancer turn a gun against his owner?
Are Innate powers reused every turn or is the current manifestation just maintained
How does hide and invisible work against allies?
Where can I get an editable PDF character sheet for Doctor Who: Adventures in Time and Space?
A basic rules summary for the Doctor Who Adventures in Time and Space RPG
Multiclassed Cleric weapon proficiencies
Does the Spell Attack modifier apply to spell damage?
Replacing skills with approaches and vice versa
What is a "common metal"?
How do natural and weapon attacks mix?
Are the money pumps described in Harry Potter and the Natural 20 legal under 3.5 rules?
How can I help guide my players in the "Straight" playstyle?
Are there any fan-made Adventure Time RPGs?
Filling in holes in published adventures?
How can I fix the Slaying Stone's premise?
Costs for compelling and invoking against other characters
Who can earn fate points from invoking attached aspects?
When paying fate points for compels, where do the points go?
Why does a character get Fate points from invocation at the end of a scene in Core?
Can a DM disallow the Candle of Invocation exploit using RAW?
When calculating an effect for a general spell, do I use the base level or the total level?
Can Fleeting Spring 5 force a changeling to break her Motley Pledge?
Attack versus Feint
What if a critical "hit" misses?
Are there any magic items to crash a wall?
How to sneak attack in the dark?
What changes are there to Kingdom Management in Ultimate Campaign?
Is there a Pathfinder equivalent to the Radiant Servant of Pelor?
Is the SPECIAL attribute-system (the one used in the Fallout games) copyrighted?
What can I do with Spirit Magic?
Could one make a wand with <50 charges?
UMD with scroll of permanency?
One permanency for multiple spells?
Are there Wizard alternatives to Arcane Bond and Familiar?
How many XP do I lose when losing a level?
Newbie starting first D&D campaign
Does fighting count as a single service for spirits?
How many enemies can one Lvl 1 PC handle?
Polymorph, HP and constitution damage/drain
What should a new GM know when starting their first Paranoia game?
Can eladrin be affected by the 'sleep' spell?
How can we make overcoming a language problem interesting?
How do you run a campaign of Dinosaur Planet: Broncosaurus Rex?
Do the Bracers of the Merciful Knight also affect the ability to channel positive energy?
What is an "official" supplement in the context of D&D 3.5?
Is this the proper way to generate a magic shop?
Modeling cutaway prep scenes in Fate
Is there any reason to discourage "arms racing" during exchanges?
How does a Devil Tiger succeed in Dharma rolls (also old World of Darkness general rules question)?
Are there any official rules for Dragonborn in Pathfinder?
How can I contribute to the game and have fun after my PC dies?
Subverting the Competence Pillar in Fate
How should a DM recover from major player plot derailment?
How do I make a Barbarian NPC resistant to assassination?
How do I counter a Magus with Step-Up and Strike assaulting my vulnerable spellcasters?
What is Spell DC?
Weapon Focus Unarmed Strike?
Two handed weapons in one hand
How do FATE Core and FAE differ in purpose?
How Does Forced Movement Work With Corners?
Is there any objective reason to favour d20PFSRD over the Paizo PRD?
What else is in the Traveller galaxy?
Alter Self limits
Killing Elementals
Are the powers listed only in the Red Box available to use or deliberately removed?
How do the poison rules work?
How to combine remote and local players?
How do I deal with a player who takes things personally?
Addings things to a story and how to deal with players who have issues with it
Is a trouble that encompasses multiple issues OK?
What do I do about no treasure encounters?
Does a Half-Orcs furious assault affect non damaging attacks?
What skills can I use for a mounted chase?
How do Prestige class levels stack with base class levels?
Any problems playing a dragon PC in a 1st level party?
How does bull rushing work in D&D Next?
Splash weapon area
How to factor in reduced damage for Coup De Grace?
How can a Psion increase powers known through Independent Research?
Is there a balance problem with adapting Arcane Might properties to all weapons?
Is there a difference between "Able to cast x lvl spells" and "Ability to cast x lvl spells"?
Resolving simultaneous triggers
Resolving triggers arising during a move action
How to plan to avoid combat deaths for NPCs that aren't obvious railroads?
How do the Sorcerer Bloodline Feats work?
Drawing a weapon and attacking the same turn
If an enemy moves and provokes an opportunity attack, where are they when the AoO happens?
How much of a large's creature's space must be above a pit before they fall?
How much of a large's creature's space must be above a pit before it falls?
Barbarian Attack and Damage?
Is there a good way to have a party of adventurers with only one player?
Attack of Opportunity & spell casting
What rules are there for an opponent detecting me shadowing them while flying and invisible?
What feat should I get for 7th level Rogue Fence/Rich Hoodlum
Do items that trigger off of "x basic attack" work with powers "used as" basic attacks?
Does a shrunken item break its confines when unshrunk?
Telepathy for Humans
Creating undead as a good cleric in Dark Sun
Is the Rapier a Superior or Military weapon?
Declaring an interrupt during a multitarget attack
How do Racial Paragon Classes stack up against actual classes?
Ingesting contact or injury poisons
Is It Okay To Use "Commune" To Ask About Alignment?
Can a human wizard use Versatility to get an extra spell matrix?
Can a human spellcaster using Versatility learn any spell of their circle?
How to develop arcs for player characters
Murder mystery and high fantasy magic - how to make it work?
What are the critical differences between WEG's Star Wars 2nd Ed. and Star Wars 2nd Ed. Revised and Expanded?
What are the best uses of a Factotum's Cunning Brilliance (Ex)?
What stats should I give a shield made out of the door of an armoured Humvee?
How to make a game enjoyable for a monk?
Which ability modifiers apply to which Defenses?
What benefits or powers does a cleric gain from choosing a deity?
What is a good way to handle a merchant / snake oil salesman PC?
How many Encounter Powers can I use during an Encounter?
Is the Dark Light ritual an invisibility cloak?
Who should be addressed in an RPG rule text?
How to prepare a campaign for an upcoming new edition?
What books should I start D&D 4e with?
Is this fix to the Autumn Mantle roughly equivalent to the other Seasonal mantles?
Race Creation/Modification in D&D 3.5
Can skill points be used to buy arbitrary wises?
How can I deal with a 'bump on a log player' who doesn't really do anything except when told?
How can a GM prevent growing disillusioned with their own game?
Question about Ranger's Animal Companions
Question about buying Animal Companions
Odd class combination - mitigate losses?
DnD 4th edition, teleport and charging
Throwing a knife versus tossing a grenade?
What should the GM do when players constantly argue?
Creating a Racial Template (DnD 3.5)
How to legally trap a character under a rock, underwater
Is it possible to get your animal companion killed?
Draw maps while playing rather than beforehand?
How do you force a character to reliably tell the truth?
Change shape: How does it work?
How to cut back on pre-game joking?
How do I run a dungeon crawl, communicating how various rooms/passages look?
Classroom RPG for kids
How do I fit my character in to a universe I am unfamiliar with?
Weapon focus for double walking-stick katana
Learning Fate systems from a D20 background
Are there well-stocked repositories of well-built PCs?
demigod interaction with dragon breath
How Fate games could go wrong and how to prevent that
Is there an fire version of Wintertouched in D&D 4e?
How much the players can narrate in Fate? How much can be prepared beforehand by the Gm taking that into account?
Give when you can't see a violent raise
With Throw Anything, is there any reason to take thrown weapon proficiencies?
Help me evaluate this homebrew Pokémaster class
Can a Magic Circle Against Evil protect a creature from a Night Hag's Dream Haunting?
Which is best for a 4e Hexblade, wands or rods?
What are the ways that a CR-appropriate party can stop a Night Hag's dream haunting?
For a group of 20-50 people, what would be some apocalyptic survivalist LARP set ups that would work with the group size and skill level?
What is the best RPG system for realistic combat?
How would a character use object projection to perform thievery?
Does the Brawl feat chain stack with the Combat Martial Arts feat chain?
Ex fire resist + magic fire resist
How to learn more than one concentration at character creation?
How to gather ritual components in a low-treasure campaign
How do I prepare a permanent magic circle for the Linked Portal ritual?
Can the direction of a pull change in the middle of forced movement?
How do I discourage or work with "nuke it from orbit" solutions?
Looking for a high-action, non-dark setting
Can you multiclass and use 2 different core class archetypes?
Optimizing a smart fighter
Enchanted Superior Impements
Is it okay to take power/actions away from PCs to add drama?
How can I model a human who gets powers from a part-time symbiote alien?
How do I meet people outside my Circles?
Why is taking a new trait considered Fallout?
Can you use relationships to get NPCs to come to you?
How can you reconcile the actions of house Jerbiton with the Code of Hermes?
Minimal RPG for kids
Does Beast Strike Add Strength to damage twice?
How does Beast Strike interact with a monk with natural attacks?
When creating a scroll, how should the scroll's cost be handled in-game?
Are there penalties for wearing gauntlets or a buckler while using a heavy crossbow?
Swift Alchemy and Potions
Will Death's Resurgence prevent death?
Role playing with powers, solely for the effect without damage
Last-minute system-related second thoughts before starting a game
Shadowrun 3rd edition ruthenium polymer
Does D&D 3.5 DM material contain information applicable for Pathfinder GMs?
Using a 2-hand weapon with one hand and Oversize Weapon Master: effect on parry
Paladin builds for the Beloved of Valarian Prestige class?
Saint-like template/prestige class for villains
What's a good random dungeon generator for D&D 3.5?
WEG's Star Wars 2nd Ed. d6 system simplification?
Structure for a political sandbox game
The Swiftblade full round action contradiction
Using flail expertise with powers that push/pull/slide
Can I create a PC with a template?
Am I my own ally?
How do I create a treasure map for a pirate campaign?
Can allies' spells be cast within Lesser Globe of Invulnerability?
Repurposing magic items in crafting
Is there an equivalent in the World of Darkness to Pathfinder's 'Aid Another' action?
What do I do when I suspect players may be fudging rolls online?
What are the equipment implications of my Arcane Implement Mastery choice?
Playing Dresden Files RPG with Fate Core rules?
Running a play-by-post game over Facebook
Refining and Building a Character/Class Concept
Designing and Implementing a Crypto-Puzzle Language
How to create an only skill challange quest?
When can a Barbarian go into a Rage?
How can I organize my counter collection?
How do the loss of fatigue levels scale with Perdo Corpus
Is Two Weapon Fighting balanced or broken in WFRP 2e?
Do Wonders have to be physical objects?
Can a character voluntarily fail a Smarts roll to go Berserk?
Looking for a short and relatively easy campaign to run as a beginner DM
A game where death is permanent?
How was Changeling played with cards?
"Retiring" a maxed-out party
What skills can be used in a Mass Battle?
One-off simple game with little to no character creation?
What content can I reproduce from Pathfinder?
Is there, in D&D 3.5, a standard/canonical ruling for skill in astronomy/knowledge(astronomy)?
Droid hacking in Star Wars?
Abuse: Is it fair if it's in-game?
Do Eidolons need proficiency feats to benefit from armor?
What are some fun play-by-mail/email games?
Does the half-level modifier contribute to a push?
What typed-damage builds (item & feat) exist for ki-focus implements in 4e?
Must my dungeon consist entirely of corridors?
How can I tune encounter difficulty appropriately in D&D Essentials?
If berserk characters are incapacitated, are they still berserk?
How common are dragons in Shadowrun?
Attacking and defending at the same time with two weapons
What game is this method of NPC generation using playing cards from?
Was a "divine wish" spell ever mentioned in any published game materials?
Does Flower of Death add to damage rolls?
How to make a dense, immersive horror atmosphere?
Does a Rogue using Use Magic Device for a scroll or wand also need to emulate a class feature?
Removing attack spells from Cantrips
Does "Hucksters & Hexes" Remove the Hexslingin' Aptitude?
What skill should a Tech-priest use for reprogramming machines?
Giving the PCs good reasons enter a dungeon camped by a enemy army (Rescue at Rivenroar)
How should I inform players about 'meta-objectives'?
How does identifying a scroll work?
Does Spectral Hand require extra actions?
How do I identify magic items?
Target Creature description for Hallow/Unhallow
Does Synthesist eidolon need Weapon Training evolution to use weapons?
What ranked Edge is Fast Regeneration equivalent to?
Certain Justice and Superior Will
How hidden is "Hidden" in Dresden Files
Is there any obstacle to using a Mage Hand in water?
Must a situation's obvious characteristics be explicitly made into aspects?
Do any of the pre-gens have daily powers?
Should I use a map when playing Mines of Madness in the D&D Next playtest?
Does Thunder Hooves Rage damage stack with itself?
What are the gameplay implications for choosing Fate Core or Fate Accelerated Edition?
Area of effect attacks: roll once per attack or one per victim?
Is there an unarmed strike proficiency in D&D 3.5, and, if there is, do monks get it for free?
Where is the best place to introduce your own Pen&Paper System?
What is the point of force sensitive only talents being marked in a talent tree for force sensitives
Does Pathfinder significantly fix known problems with the Monk class?
At-will Spellcasting in 3.5
Persistent Threat and Rain of Steel
How do Prestige Classes that advance spellcasting interact with racial spellcasting ability?
Setting up a new world scenario, any good planetary system references?
Can Druids use Sylvan to speak with animals without using the spell?
Is FATE a suitable system for a dungeon crawl?
Reaving Ammunition & spending a move action
Designing stats for ReBoot Tabletop game
How do transfers of ownership affect artifact concordance?
Can a martial character ready the same maneuver multiple times simultaneously?
How to make players carry a bomb and not know anything about it
How can I judge if combat in a dungeon room attracts attention?
Rogue Talent: Offensive Defense
Master of Flame (Paragon Path) and Flaming Weapon
What are the changes between editions?
What happens to boosts that are obviated by the narrative?
Would Storytelling System (WoD's ruleset) work for a post-apocalypse setting?
Turning a PC into an NPC
Perception Check for an Ambush
How can I balance magic in a setting that imposes penalties on its use?
There was a system that had "Step-Damage" I am seeking the game systems name
How does the "Any" descriptor work in Legend?
Is Fate Accelerated Edition lighter in tone than Fate Core?
How can I keep the nature and capacity of NPCs hidden to generate a fear of the unknown?
What bonuses and penalties do 4-hoofed race impose?
Is it possible to start with non 1st level character in Pathfinder Society Organized Play?
What works on a creature targeted by an antimagic ray?
Feat or minimal LA template to gain Aberration type
What information a DM should have at hand when in an encounter?
How could I procure an Illithid mask?
What is a good way to get regular people interested in D&D?
How can established settings contact each other, and are there rules about it?
Are Compendium Classes from pre-release still valid?
What are the differences between Shadowrun 4th and 5th edition that I should know about?
How do I read the Attack line on power cards in D&D 4e?
What bonuses do(n't) apply to Rend?
Where does the damage bonus for the level 1 pre-gen characters come from?
Can someone help me optimize my Elan Psion (3.5)?
Help with the Pathfinder sCoreSpell excel tool
How do I keep a horror-like feeling with supernatural powered PCs?
D&D 3.5E Campaign that supports a large number of PC players
Criminal Background in Shadowrun
What are the mechanics for monsters trying to force a door shut when PCs are in the way?
How can I make up a Familiar Companion Edge?
Can I get a stat test and a Beginner's Luck test from the same skill in an extended conflict?
Any suggestions for feats/options to forgo damage dice for other benefits?
What kinds of enchantments can be put onto orbs?
Running a campaign alternating GMs every session
When does the campaign in Warhammer 3rd edition start?
Is Astral Construct incomplete?
How do I build a devoted cleric with the WotC builder?
How do I handle lengthy (days+) actions without slowing the game
Awarding Experience for out-of-game activities, bias towards players with more time, how to fix?
How to make skill use on investigations "important" but failure not derail the plot?
Which school of magic do magical weapons and armor auras radiate?
In what situations would a target be denied a Dex bonus to AC?
Software tools for Savage Worlds: Showdown unit building?
Is Energy Drain a full round action?
Managing plots with multiple simultaneous GMs
Shadowfell and the Prime Material plane
Can I hide using Cunning Sneak with Wilderness Skirmisher?
Outdoors Alchemy
Entangling Exhalation + Slow Breath
Can you be a Magic Technomancer?
Tips for creating engaging modern setting battle maps?
Are there any game systems whose shtick is that the PCs have dragon companions?
A simple system which makes players feel awesome and empowered
What should I expect from "Trail of Cthulhu" as a player?
How can I work on my improvisation skills in regards to running a campaign?
How to increase difficulty in Dungeon World
Why is the Master of Nine a bad choice?
confusion/question for attack power description in character builder
Is there a feat to use Dex or Con instead of Str in melee (4e)?
Agile Opportunist & Cunning Bard combo
What size shadow does a shadowdancer need in order to Hide in Plain Sight?
Feats that change spell slots into spell points?
Which module features an undead pirate fleet waiting to attack a town?
How does the Magic Staff (from the Handbook) work?
How do mystic adepts gain power points in Shadowrun 5?
How Much XP is an NPC worth?
Armor and ranger-variant barbarians?
Creating Poison Cheaply - Potato Tea?
Can Technomancers change the appearance of their Persona?
Does a Magus' Weapon Enchancement Bonus Stack With An Existing Bonus?
Can Cure Light Wounds be used inside an Anti-magic field?
Fighter (Essentials) Weapon Talent
Fighter/Alchemist using Explosive Missile
Does a Holy Weapon qualify for Litany of Righteousness?
Recommend me an investigative adventure set in the wilderness
How should I interpret Assassin's Death Attack conditions?
What would this Sorcery Fix do for Exalted?
How to limit weapons on Agents of Oblivion?
What is the right way to GM magical trap detection?
How do Brutal Kick and Whirlwind interact?
How do vampire (monsters) take sunlight damage?
Is a Technomancer's Matrix Initiative limited by Resonance?
Can a PC cast a Floor of force?
What character creation tools & guides are available for Shadowrun 5e?
Is the duration of a power measured on the caster or the recipient?
How can I fool my players into being pawns for the villain?
Where do we go after Pathfinder Beginner Box?
Can Threading or Sprites be a reliable substitute for known Complex Forms?
How many spells can be cast per round in Advanced Dungeons and Dragons 1st Edition?
How do I add a recurring fantasy villain without frustrating the players?
Use of combat maneuvers
How viable is a Molotov Cocktail in a fantasy game?
Regaining lost limbs as a catalyst for the story?
How can a Paladin create an Army of Undead?
Does being a technomancer affect AR needs?
Do Knowledge Skills require a Specialization?
For the bleeding critical feat, what stacks exactly?
How does the Sorcerer's Draconic Power feature work?
Does improved invisibility end due to caster's unconsciousness?
Continuing Powers and Hold Action?
Builder lacks artifacts concordance improvement?
Online tools appropriate to a mapless Marvel Heroic Roleplaying (Cortex Plus) game
Where do I go from the Red box?
When does the PR Bonus affect Focus Power Tests?
How complex are sprite tasks usually allowed to be?
How do I become a merchant prince?
Utility Use of Tongue Tendrils
How to roleplay the Tengu (D&D 3.5 and Pathfinder race)?
Magus' Accurate Strike - do melee touch attack rolls add weapon enhancement bonus?
Does a Monk use Dex on basic melee attacks
Cutting open a Bag of Holding
How does using the Armor as Damage Reduction affect other rules such as touch attacks?
Game design differences between contested rolls and general attack rolls in combat
Players who want to duel each other
Can characters play multiple Adventure Paths?
How can a human terkow rogue use his special attacks?
Twilight Assassin daily power understanding
Disarm or Trip using a secondary natural attack
How do you handle Held action in Savage Worlds?
Why does Infernal Wrath's burst 10 target 1 enemy?
Pathfinder Damage Dice Steps
How can I simplify Duel of Wits to make it more like Bloody Versus?
Differing Starting Points Levels
How does Shadowrun's Matrix work?
Chameleon + Cloud of Darkness
Two players compete for same role - how do I balance this?
Virtual online tabletop with premade adventure?
How does Herbal Poultice work?
Are familiars always present?
Dealing with defense in BESM
How do I encourage players to use Fate Points for declarations?
Damage from both Guardian Blades and Fire Shield, or just one of the two?
How many times can this power attack one target?
Is there any lore in the Fallout universe regarding South America?
How should a GM best handle a lack of canonical lore in a pre-existing world?
Lycanthropy and its other forms
How can I make the best use of Alter Self as a 1HD caster?
Shadowrun-esque 4e campaign advice
Why are starting languages restricted?
Are there issues to using passive Perception?
Battlesuit and Mech Rules in Mongoose Traveller
Monk Dragon's tail vs. Duergar Stand Your Ground - Does SYG Apply?
Underground as an engaging environment?
How does one become a Black Court vampire?
Multiple Standard Actions With High Base Attack Bonus
Does a character need to be close to the ritual caster for Shadow Walk and Phantom Steed to work?
Does Psionic Minor Creation require material component?
Rangers can attack twice from beginning even without the melee combat style?
Fighting Fury: weapon vs. implement usage. One, both or neither?
Is there a race or trait that grants proficiency in Net?
Is it reasonable to create Dungeon World characters, fronts, etc. in Hero Lab?
Is it possible to stack the fire and cold subtypes on a single creature?
What defines the CR of a creature
What Exactly is the Attack Modifier?
House rules and mixing aspects of various editions
How does bull rush on a willing target work? Are there better ways to move a ally out of danger?
When a Wizard learns a non-spell power, do they learn two?
Staff of Knives
Looking for a game that does not need anything but character sheets
Is there a way to learn someone's level in game in DnD3.x?
Squeezing. Skill check (in a skill challenge)?
How can I make things easier on my dyslexic and high-functioning autistic players?
How can I help the party survive a rather tough adventure?
Roguelike Tabletop
Targetting empty squares for area burst attacks?
Armor Craft Skill - modifying magical armor to fit 3 armed characters.
What classes have ability to cast offensive spells as part of full attack action?
Inhaled poison and water breathing
Can Versatile Spellcaster be used multiple times at once?
Can a swarm stack with another swarm to attack a foe in the same square?
Vampire Discipline to disbelieve in sunlight, stakes, etc?
Manage a player character suffering amnesia?
How do I run Paranoia for just one player?
Resources for designing aquatic campaigns
Is there an action cost for changing facing?
How are enchanted more vulnerable to cantrips?
How does the mortal seeming of a Leanhaun sidhe age?
Are there any generic alternatives to Masterplan?
Modeling Mage Hand spell in Dresden
Are casting maneuvers an opposed roll or not?
Are there Pathfinder rules that restrict a new PCs magic item purchases?
Why do my players want to be superman in Dresden Files?
Why does Quick Draw not apply to alchemical items?
Thaumaturgy prep in Dresden - can you make declarations with the same skill multiple times?
Does increasing a Dragon Magic Sorcerer's resistance increase the amount of resistance they can ignore?
Can Oath of Enmity and Divine Challenge be stacked on the same target?
Knocking out NPCs
What do the slashes mean in the character tables?
Optimizing 2e High Int, Low Str Fighter
Hybrid fighter|ranger rules questions
Are elementals immune to sight-based petrification effects in D&D 3.5E?
How can I gain permanent/regularly usable spell resistance?
Heavy Armor Proficiency as a Dragonborn Sorcerer?
Creating a free online dungeon map maker - advice on where I can find tiles to offer the users?
Where do items created with the Path of Conjuring appear?
Is there any fluff for the druid's "A Thousand Faces" ability?
How does energy resistance work?
How does Damage Reduction work?
Website with free pathfinder locations
Which is a good system for one-player Dungeon Crawls?
Moonbow Dedicate and Battle Song Expertise?
Entering and exiting Athas
Red vs. Black Mysterious Past?
What are the contingency spell's limits in D&D 3.5E?
How can I as GM handle situations where players bicker about tactics?
Do I lose Reaping Mauler class features when I get Enlarged?
Tips for dealing with intentionaly aggressive player?
Can an Immovable Rod be carried in a Bag of Holding?
Why can you only craft one magic item per day?
Can a cleric regain spells on the Astral Plane?
Can a whip be caught in midair?
Do clerics have access to every spell of the level they can cast?
Can a gnome use Greater Mage Hand to fly?
Who can use your magic items - and when?
How does uncanny dodge work with invisibility?
Multiple attacks from invisible characters
Are Martial Artists armed (i.e. get +2 against unarmed foes)?
Using a Time-Skip as a Plot Device
Fate (or Fudge) by e-mail
What can I use for sci-fi ambient music?
Good Undead Templates for a (good aligned) Rogue character
What should happen in a legendarily successful attack against a mook?
Can Adaptation have "pre-sets" that include offensive abilities?
What HP does Finger of Death leave you at when it kills you?
So how does Master Healer actually work?
From what skill or ability would nonchalance derive?
Can a character know Druidic without having any levels of druid?
Does a successful hit that does no damage due to DR still count as a hit?
When does a character gaining a level in a new class get the features of that class?
How do intelligent enemies attack based on player threat?
Can a DnD vampire or spawn use a mobile coffin?
Are there rules for dropping on an enemy as an attack?
What's in Manhattan in 2071?
How to deal with a player missing the first session of a campaign
Consequences of Blindness on casting spells?
What is the Marshal's Quarry?
Does using Combat Expertise count as fighting defensively?
Penalties for Pushing/Dragging?
Is picking up enemy loot worth it?
Would throwing cars and debris require Thrown Strike or Blast?
Incorporating smell, taste, and weather underwater
Does a Monk's Belt add to Unarmored Speed?
What does "aligment: always good" mean in the Half-Celestial template?
My doctor failed Treatment; is there any way I can get bonus dice for Recovery?
Does injury affect the helping dice I grant to others?
Do NPCs understand target priority strategy?
When using the bard's message spell, do characters have to whisper?
Looking for a game system that involves advanced math
Shadowrun history across the editions
Slaying Action + Sniper's Action
Are Pathfinder RPG classes/races balanced in D&D 3.5?
How quickly can I switch to two-handed weapon use with a heavy shield equipped?
Avoid writer's blocks at the beginning of a TQY session
Can "Animate Rope" be used on a spiked chain?
What kind of missions would appeal to a tech heavy party in Shadowrun?
What are the pros and cons of wearing a helmet?
Can you keep someone from running away?
Where can I find premade characters for D&D 4e?
What good is magic if your skill is better?
Do cyberlimbs enhancements and customizations improve my physical limit?
Do Natural Weapons count as Unarmed Attacks?
When confronted with a situation with no seeming honorable resolution, what does a samurai do in Rokugan?
Unkillable Advantage and the afterlife
Easy to GM Harry Potter RPG
do I only get a limited number of at-will powers?
Fighting Skills equivalent to skills
How does a dwarf become a battlemind?
What is Sasuke's base class?
Diagonal Movement
Is there a tabletop role-playing game based on Hello Kitty?
Does movement speed add damage or attack power to weapons?
Is a Racial hatred to all Humans enough for an evil alignment?
Is the Iron Kingdoms entry adventure intentionally easy?
What's a good way to build an unseelie fey warlock?
How exactly does a level adjustment work?
In Which we add Loots to Fate Core
Ways to change the elemental type of a spell?
Weapon/Armor Ratings vs NPCs using the Teamwork/Mobs rule
Looking for promotional Power card effects
How prevalent is cyber/bioware use among the general population in Shadowrun?
How prevalent is magic use among the general population in Shadowrun?
Improving combat when playing on IRC
How much should aspect invocations "retcon" the situation?
Can positive or negative energy be dissipated into surrounding plant life?
How may times can you charge during a combat?
Have Winglings, Obsidimen and T'skrang appeared in Shadowrun?
Is there any way a Binder can use Metabreath feats?
What would a player character need to better eat live animals raw?
Rechargeable Powers
Can a multi-class Duskblade use Arcane Channelling with cleric spells?
The Sunless Citadel and its errors
Most faithful way to convert a d20 base roll to a d6 base roll?
Is there any way to get/buy the "Fate System Toolkit" book?
Can I combine Just Blade, Incantation, and a spell?
Magical machines in the Shadowrun canon?
Why are there maximum level caps for race in S&W?
What's the max number of discipline dots a vampire should have at a given age?
What was this set of RPG tools called?
Can a divine caster change her praying time?
How does the Armored Kilt work?
Baleful Utterance vs Hammer Blast: which is better?
Is it possible to save from ongoing damage, if submerged in the source of the damage every turn?
Does Seeker's Biting Swarm give both a dex bonus and wis bonus to damage?
Would it be fair to ask the GM for benefits for self-imposed character limitations?
When advancing a skill can you spend multiple xp for a failed roll?
How do I make Locations important?
Can a PC/Creature save vs falling when forced movement is applied if unconcious?
Do any monster powers recharge on 2?
Seattle weather report in the 2070s
What is a crystalline creature?
Can you make damage with a Grappling attack?
Need help finding a mind-controlling parasite
Role of games within games
Does White Wolf still own BESM and is anyone licensing it from them?
Isn't it easier to attack a grappled character?
Does the armor category inherently imply a speed change?
Does hurting a grappler free the grappled victim?
D&D 3.5 Campaign for low level characters that can be run in 30 - 45 minute sessions
Is Horror Marking permanent or temporary?
Tavern Games for DnD
Tricks at range?
How does resist from a source that effects a single defense work?
Do Dragonborns get resistance?
How does sneak attack add to a rogue's damage at each level?
Do multiple sources of Fast Healing stack?
Does the Vigor skill improve Fast Healing?
Fighter - Archer Archetype Trick Shot ability CMB question
Does concealment allow a rogue to make sneak attack?
What purpose does keeping Vancian Spell-casting in Legend serve?
Is a grappling character considered unarmed?
In D&D 3.5e, how do turns interact with long actions (hours, weeks, etc)?
What's nature like in the Salish-Shidhe territories?
How much should the players get paid?
How can I offer players a balanced opportunity to take powerful races, without adjusting their level?
How would I run a game of Legend without a Battlemap?
Why can't a bonded item be in the head slot?
Knowledge (Local) or Diplomacy to Gather Information?
Shadowrun SIN changing/qualities
Does a Creature's Advancement Trump Its Text?
Are there rules for creating animated objects?
What bonuses apply to Flame Spiral's Effect line?
Can a flying creature that has been knocked prone fly away without standing up?
Improved Beastmaster?
Designing challenging combats for Mythic PC
Does Perfect maneuverability need Fly checks?
Looking for a battle map designer with ice-themed objects
Fortifying & Defending a shop in a city
Can a Giant Flytrap in Pathfinder engulf a medium creature?
How to handle player run taverns?
Are there any pbp sites left?
How do attunement and consorts work?
Wizard's Fury grants a second attack per turn?
Dominate and interaction with environment
Incapacitation wound modifiers
Downtime: separate building checks vs summed bonus
Multiple attacks
My friends and I are new to RPGs and need a system I can DM and they can pick up. Suggestions?
Can Flaming Sphere attack each turn?
Para-elements by mixing two Classical Elements
looking for advice on miniatures and RPG
Does flaming sphere always need a move action to attack?
Game with Interesting Combat that is Crunch Heavy and is built to not Require a Grid?
Why does a character earn fate points when conceding?
Does flight warrant Move Silently checks?
Dual cursed mis-fortune revelation
Correctly deploying Smokestick
How can I distill "Expedition to the Barrier Peaks" down to the best 7 or 8 encounters to fit inside one hour?
Can a shaman have 2 spirit companions?
How long does a Binding last?
An adventure RPG that can be played in only author stance?
Does Swordmage Warding benefit a multiclassed wizard's summoned creatures?
So I think I've found a caveat to Lesser Geas' limits
D&D 4e Campaigns/Adventures that spell things out for a brand new DM
Where does mounting/dismounting start/end?
How to represent streetwise skills?
Can a monk's unarmed strike be considered as a touch attack?
How can I use two ranged weapons against two different targets?
Is there a feat to make ranged attacks without provoking attacks of opportunity?
How do I safely break stereotypes in my games?
How can I establish a permanent travel route between two planes?
What happens when a player burns spiderwebs?
Best way to get players to think about their backgrounds within the game?
Where can I find rules for creating pocket dimensions?
Are there any tutorials/educational courses for learning roleplaying games?
Can Iron Heart Surge remove a Necrotic Cyst?
What's the up side of aquatic campaigns in Pathfinder?
What races can gnomes interbreed with?
Help me build my blaster sorcerer!
How do I calculate average damage for WFRPG using AnyDice?
Removal of Cyberware, and Upgrade Essence costs
Warshaper limits to size
Vehicle tests, riggers and hotsimming
Datajacks and rigger control rigs
Does Teamwork make you give up your action?
Do penalties from wounds and fatigue stack?
How many Free Actions are worth a Simple Action?
Blackstaff Apprentice and Wizard's Fury
Playing Fate with competitive players
Can a Warforged add his Slam attack damage to a shield bash attack?
Is it possible to do a one-night D&D (or similar) session in just a few hours with only three people?
Is it unrealistic not to bring a decker / hacker to shadow runs?
Do wounds and fatigue levels stack?
Can Augmented psionic powers be made permanent, maybe via Incarnate?
Does the Tiefling mutation manifest at a greater probability per child in later generations?
Does Two-Weapon Fighting help Flurry of Blows?
Does Intelligent Blademaster affect Thrown Melee Weapons?
Do Blades of Death and Uncanny Blow stack with each other in any way?
Difference in basing damage on degree of success compared to a separate roll
Can Power Attack be used with light weapons?
What is the ideal Numenera party size, and the practical min and max?
What are the major design/philosophical differences between Dresden Files and Fate Core?
Is there a complete index of D&D 3.5 material?
Can a Gray Rain Cloak be refilled?
Is it worth it for a barbarian to take a level of alchemist?
Why is the Essentials Dungeon Master Kit so expensive/hard to find?
What are the main differences between Fading Suns editions and which would be recommended to a beginner?
How to deal with Moderate consequences lasting longer than Severe near the end of scenarios?
Can amphibious creatures in Pathfinder speak underwater, and if so, how?
Is there a mass combat system for 4E D&D which has the following features?
How are 4e elves different from 3.5e elves?
Do celestials weigh the same amount as their template creatures?
How can I build a caster who fires spells through their guns, or magic-amplified bullets
Do you get skill points retroactively for increased Int?
Which skills are lost first if Intelligence drops? Can I choose?
How do the print D&D Rules Compendium and the DDI Compendium compare?
How can I clean a stained battlemat?
How does a shadowdancer use nearby shadows to hide in plain sight?
Does a Barbarian's Rage End When He Becomes Unconscious?
Is it possible to dual wield a pair of two-handed weapons?
Power bonus to AC stacking with power bonus to defense
When determining Line of Effect with multiple targets, can you use multiple corners?
How many ways are there (if any) to use more than one meta-psionic feat on one manifestation?
In the spell construction rules, is this an instant-kill?
How do I apply size modifiers (in a melee attack) with hit location in GURPS?
Can a dragonborn sorcerer designed to recharge her breath choose to fail a save against ongoing damage?
Shadowrun character creation - why are elves so expensive?
How can I make realistic looking potions as handouts
How do you keep PCs from killing each other when 1 or more is evil?
Acceptable human rogue monster?
Justice of Weald & Woe PrC and Fighter levels
Beginner Friendly game for my friends and I. (No experienced GM)
What's the most armor I can give a vehicle at character creation?
How can a Shadowdancer use spring attack with Hide in Plain Sight?
Can I use Vampiric Touch on myself?
Do conjurations still appear if you miss?
Good System for a Beginner DM
Is Kalamar Campaign Setting official or 3rd party?
D&D 3.5e HP Damage and Constitution Damage
How can i build a character that is blind but has an alternate way of sight?
How do I handle moving to someone's back and attacking in GURPS?
Can a player with "Harmonious Academic Methodology" train himself without spending XP?
How has sneaking changed from 3.5 to Pathfinder?
Balancing encounters for faster feat progression
Point of strength versus strength feat
How do I make an optimal inflict wounds rogue in pathfinder?
Battle on Lightning Rail, Movement Rules
Savage Worlds: Lasers, Reflective Vests, and Armor Piercing
How do I build Riddick?
How can I manage long-distance travel by the PCs?
Does Savage World have flying rules?
How do these items which improve Dragonbreath stack?
How can I get a more powerful animal companion than my druid level entitles me to?
Can I throw a splash weapon into an unoccupied square?
What are the rules for sleep in Pathfinder?
What's so bad about Seeker anyways?
What does the lack of a Will defense mean?
How many squares does a prone medium-sized creature occupy?
DnD Next (Final Playtest) Finesse + Ability Modifier Damage
How do you scale up a premade adventure's difficulty when you have additional PCs?
For an Elder Polyp, do each of its tentacles get its own attack of opportunity?
Touch Spells; Cast, move & attack in one round?
Are Strength and Dexterity balanced in Vampire the Masquerade? If not, how can I fix it?
Would it be OK to change a Dragonfire Adept's base breath weapon?
Do you get a proficiency bonus to AC?
Can Flail Snails be hexed without penalty?
How would I handle the mechanical repercussions of removing alignment?
PDF Pathfinder gaming with a Kindle Fire
What's the likely law enforcement response to my PCs in Nidal?
Just how rigid are flexible attacks in 13th Age?
Is glass transparent to Astral Perception?
Transforming Turn Undead into something understandable to the players
Theme, School and Feat damage for Conjurations and Summonings?
What strategies can I use to award treasure on the fly?
What benefit does combining rooms into buildings provide?
What upkeep is needed to run buildings and organizations?
Are Spell-Like Abilities actually Spells?
Unknowingly improving my players' luck
How to deal with dead characters' gear?
How can a DM run D&D 4e combat as theater of the mind rather than a grid?
Dealing with a player dedicated to enforcing fanatical setting authenticity
Is there any trace of Abeir as a separate entity from Toril, pre 4e?
Is there a GMless RPG with this structure?
Any system I can use for a Monster Hunter (VG) RPG?
A player feels there is no character progression
Need a Nautical Sourcebook
Why would a Druid use the Awaken spell?
How to get my Paranoia players to stop cooperating and start killing each other?
What is the best class for a character strong versus mind-affecting spells?
Can a diamond with Soul Bind be detected inside a living body?
vehicles in combat situations
How does a Hunter Beastmaster's Beast Companion level?
Multiple Metamagic Feats, Spell Slot Adjustments and Effective Spell Level
What items should an archer keep an eye out for?
Dragonfire Adept - Humanoid Shape invocation
Assisted healing (and Inspiring Leadership) game balance
Edge mechanic of Numenera
Rules for a Hong-Kong based game
How can I add a cultural game mechanic to Pathfinder?
I want to run an RPG inspired by Monáe's 'Metropolis' concept series
Challenging a Party with No Meat-Shield
How do the final veils of Initiate of the Sevenfold Veils work against a Disjunction?
How does walking up to Sneak Attack somebody work?
Lighting in Combat: The Mechanics?
How to run mid-climbing combat in D&D?
Are there any rules for player-character ogres in Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay Second Edition?
How to help my low-level spellcaster PCs feel more useful
Can you break your fall with a corpse in D&D?
When precisely is stealth lost?
When wielding a two-handed weapon in one hand, how much benefit does Power Attack confer?
How do I calculate how many spells per day a cleric has?
How does the Still Spell feat work?
What would happen if you cast the Disjunction spell on a golem?
A Game Board for D&D?
How does stealth work while lit up in the dark?
What model railroad scale is closest to my 1-inch grid?
Harvesting parts from slain creatures
Can an attack made while falling be treated as set against charge?
Spell requirements for cleric level
What is the optimal way to gain energy resistance?
How could a Magus cast a Ranger spell at least once or twice per day?
How do I gain bonded object, as a magus?
How could I get "Powerful Build" without a RP cost?
Polymorph/Wild Shape and Disguise bonus
How can I make a grappling Fighter?
Does Deep Shroud affect the Sorcerer's own attacks?
How can I run a combat on a small sphere?
Tile mapping to share a map online - how do I do it?
Can Templates be applied to Player Characters?
Overly strong level 1 barbarian
How does one player controlling an entire PC party impact encounter difficulty?
How would you create a MtG RPG Campaign/Game?
How good is the Combat Patrol feat for a Fighter/Rogue?
Resource/Methods for "leveling" spells from the Harry Potter Universe?
Alternate class system for MtG inspired setting
What are the penalties of making a new character after death, in Pathfinder?
How are new Egos produced & taught in Eclipse Phase?
Tempting fate: precedent for compels without aspects
Does the Assassin take damage when he uses Vanish?
Do class skill bonuses stack when multiclassing?
What damage types can Diamond Bracers resist?
Within 6 levels is there any way to change your save DC from Wisdom to Charisma for a Cleric?
How does Vulnerability interact with multiple instances of bonus damage?
What would the cost of 1 cargo provision be?
Where can I find other sources of Armor and Weapons?
Stealth and Sneak Attack Rogue in combat
What do I need to keep running D&D after finishing the Red Box?
Is Iron Kingdoms too non-lethal?
Twin Strike and keywords from frost weapon and radiant weapon (and dual implement feat)
Character creation phases for a new character
How to avoid sidetracking and keep things together in cooperative storytelling
Are the percentile-based Warhammer 40k RPGs suitable for high-level play?
How does the Detective archetype's True Confession ability work?
What does adding HD to a construct affect?
What happens to a levitating character catching something heavy in 2nd Edition D&D?
What's the reach of swarm creatures?
How has D&D's guidance to DMs on when to extrapolate from written rules and when to improvise changed over time?
Are there any rules for Blood Bowl careers in Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay Second Edition?
In the skill list, when do ability modifiers apply?
Pathfinder, Savage Display
Help me build a dagger focused character
Muse Uplifts in Eclipse Phase
How do racial favored class benefits accumulate?
How viable is a rogue in Pathfinder?
Poison on Bombs
Ways to learn whether a magic user knows a certain spell
Do reading spectacles allow one to understand all languages, not just read them?
True strike and critical confirmation
Shooting with drones
Does Pervasive Light stack with Painful Oath?
How much do Autosofts cost?
How can I increase my drone's chance to hit?
Cyberprograms vs Autosofts
Smartlink on drone mounted weapons
Do you lose the extra HP from a +Constitution item when you Wild Shape?
Commissioning Art for Games
Is there a Paizo official 18-20 or 20x4 bow?
Kingdom Logistics for a 3.5 epic campaign
As a DM, how to save a creature from being killed by players and not be cheap?
Losing Resources due to tax: what happens to the tax dice afterward?
How do I know when aspects are "hidden" from my players?
How do I handle allies for a single player Fate Accelerated game?
How much Stress and Consequences should a "boss" mook be able to take?
Can a lich's phylactery be recreated?
Do you need to be a certain level to enchant a certain level of magical item?
How to run time-limited one shots
What was the first D&D Module?
Half-man, half-snake monster in Pathfinder?
Differences Between Freeform and Rules-heavy Roleplay
Are Purgatory and The Boneyard the same?
How to match up an evolving eidolon with my desired look and feel?
Understanding aspects in combat
How to put a limit on the "Create an Advantage" action?
Convert a caster level to base attack bonus
In Unknown Armies, if my Body value drops, do my maximum Wound Points also drop?
How do I get my players to make their own decisions?
What to do about a morally ambiguous character heading towards evil?
I'm looking for advice on Wizard status effect powers. Anyone have good advice?
How to counteract an Anti-Gravity Spell
Does a buckler's defense apply to the PC while shooting arrows through a bow?
Is there a world map for the core campaign setting for DnD 4e?
Is there a penalty for "reaching into melee"?
How can I dismount a rider?
Can creatures attack anything within their natural reach?
When using a reach weapon, which squares around me can I attack?
Cainites seeing, fire and Rötschreck
How do deity weapons from "Spiritual weapon" work?
Can a character save against a harmful spell they thought to be harmless?
Mechanics of tearing apart a character
Is there a Construct Class?
Can a cleric turn an undead swarm?
Does the attack roll bonus of Escalating Assault apply to Virtuous Strike
Combining Silky Skin Bioware & Implant Medics Nanoware
Alternatives to Pass-Fail skill challenges in D&D 4e
Dwarven Funeral Rites
Identify a fantasy / cosmic horror game from its gods
Other than We Be Goblins, are there any pregenerated goblin PCs for Pathfinder?
Can mount slot items like Impenetrable Barding be used with figurines of power?
Too many magic rings and trinkets
Handy spells to have on scrolls for a specific scenario?
Problem with Raise Dead?
Ranged accuracy
Forced Movement: Can a Halfling really pull a Dragon?
How can I add an ability to PCGen?
How many people can help treat a disease?
If one uses Shadow Evocation on a willing ally can they choose not to disbelieve?
Why is the GM usually the driving force in RPG?
Can Treat Deadly Wounds be used on more than one creature at a time?
Are creatures automatically immune to their own abilities?
Are item creation feats worth it for a magus?
Does an improved familiar's caster level for SLAs rise with it's master's HD?
How do Treasure Parcels work?
How can I run a campaign in isolation without restricting access to items?
To what extent is reskinning acceptable?
How can I view Paragon Tier feats in the Character Builder?
What are the commonly accepted definitions of reskinning and refluffing?
Is there any official rule on Half-Construct aging?
How do you present plot hooks to string together premade adventures?
Rulings on Invisibility
Can a Shardmind use Warforged Components?
Betrayed by my GM; how can I respond?
Line of Sight and Teleport (e.g. Clairvoyance with Fey Step)
Does an attack with a ghost touch weapon work normally vs. corporeal opponents?
How to avoid players using the same Approaches?
Do magic weapons automagically change size based on the user?
How to improvise
Which weapons are metal-hafted?
Heart of Water and grappling threats
Which of these favored class/race options should I take for my magus?
What is the bonus for Treat Deadly Wounds when using no uses of a healer's kit?
What are some suggestions for a brawler-type unarmed character in Pathfinder?
What role-playing games don't feature experience?
What books comprise "Core" D&D3.5e?
Does casting while greater invisible make the spell effects also invisible?
First time ever playing soon, advice?
Off-hand penalty in PHB 3.5 glossary, how does it work?
Does Screaming Bow's daily power affect the triggering attack?
Are there items that can be worn under/in addition to armor that grant AC bonuses?
How to balance a very-low magic campaign
How do I implement freeform magic on a system?
Can an enemy creature who is grabbed and prone escape?
How many creatures should face a party of 6 PCs?
How do you get a DM to stop targeting you?
How do I escape the Quicksand Box?
Can an alchemist learn any Wizard spell?
How do I balance an encounter for my party?
Barbarian Revenant Half-Orc: How to roleplay
How can I strategise IC with the other players when my PC is stupid?
What are the Differences Between the Original and Revised Versions of Star Wars d20?
Best way to promote the Indie RPG I am developing
How do I know which enemy aspects I hand out to my players?
How do I play NPC abilities?
Forcing others to use cursed items against their will?
Oracle and Inquisitor spell preparation
How does a DM handle time limits in-game?
How can market price of magic items be calculated from crafting price?
Can I "use" an alternative ki-focus to the one I make an attack with?
Wondrous Effects: What Are the Durations?
Using Intimidate and/or Diplomacy to kill enemies
How flexible is the Fang Dragon's Sound Imitation
How can I recreate in 3.5e the Shifter class from Neverwinter Nights?
Contacts, and how to use them?
Feedback for a Point Buy System for Spellcreation/Research
Attack Bonuses in Final D&D Playtest Packet
Should I show the health of enemies?
Representing the Shinto faith mechanically as a Blessed character in Deadlands Reloaded
Can a Spiritual Weapon spell harm diminuative creature swarms?
Does dropping an item on an enemy break invisibility?
Conversion of LotFP (OSR) monsters to D&D Next Final Playtest rules
How does BAB from prestige classes stack with normal BAB?
How can I reliably turn a formulaic Eye range spell into a Touch spell?
Are Alchemist bombs light weapons?
Can Kobolds count as tiny for sharing a square with a teammate?
What is the full text of 'Favored in Guild: Jazred Chalssin'?
How to handle character death in adventures with save-or-dies
How do I build a non-biomorphic AI?
How should I give out treasure in Dungeons and Dragons 4e Essentials
How is cantrip damage calculated?
What are the canonical DC numbers for a skill challenge?
Can you have an evil character in a party of good PCs?
How does Lure of Flames work?
Pathfinder perception at night seems too easy
Is a high level Elite the same difficulty as a low-level Solo, as XP suggests?
Help me buff out a rhino
Living Spell and Mage's Disjunction
Should I really prefer low-level summons, keeping high level dailies for non summoning powers?
Superhero Game System
What are the most common design problems found in games based in levels and classes?
Can a cave fisher drag and pull?
How do ambush perception mechanics work?
What RPGs that don't have randomization mechanisms exist?
Untyped strength bonus in Herolab
What do I do about PCs using Con damage to "nuke" bosses?
What's a good fast-combat system that scales to 6-10 players?
Which is easier for new players to learn, SR2 or SR5?
How does Flurry of Talons differ from Shadow Darts?
Does Dimensional Vortex's initial attack roll carying over
What is the established story/lore of Infernals and their realm in the IKRPG?
Can more than one character defend the same target?
Running Large Groups
How do I determine my Spell Save and Spells Per Day?
How to salvage evil loot?
Making tokens using Shrinky Dink?
How do I prevent my players from immediately recognising an ambush?
Magic visibility
Can an evil creature cast and benefit from Protection from Evil?
PC vs PC team campaigns
Prices/rules for intentionally buying cursed items
Pathfinder Acquiring multiple perform, craft, or profession subskills
Casting invisibility on self and draw unwelcome attention
Does Ninja's Sudden Strike apply for multiple-attack rounds?
Is there precedent for Gunslingers' 7th-level deeds?
What is the fastest way to earn money without adventuring?
Are old versions of D&D compatible with new ones?
How many kobolds does it take to dig a Pit Trap?
Speak with burrowing animals
Sanctified one discrepancy
How do magic weapons affect attack and damage rolls for weapon or implement powers?
Why is Cooperative Crafting a feat?
Tips for running a campaign in a lawful-evil setting which still feels heroic
What good is Monkey Lunge?
How can I have non-Euclidean dungeons in non-magic settings?
Which happens first for a Magus, spell effect or weapon damage?
Help with Defender Aura at-will power
Pathfinder Ultimate Combat - Using Armor as DR with Firearms (Magical Armor)
Pathfinder druid animal companions damage
How should a DM act with the Avenger's Avenging Echo power?
Can a Half-Dragon's alignment change from their dragon's alignment type?
My starting players miss a lot against enemies
Creating a defensive NPC warrior build
Can I further increase my critical threat range?
Which is a good leather armour for a level 3 striker in 4e?
Does armour weight half as much when you wear it?
Why are Dragons "Always X" alignment?
Can one use a breath weapon and a melee attack in the same turn?
Are Savage Worlds & Apocalypse World the same thing?
Can I use Moondust as a splash weapon?
Blacksmithing and repair in D&D 4e?
Line of sight & cover along walls and around pillars
Which background and theme fits a Razerclaw Shifter Ranger (Archer)
Allowing duration concentration to take an action lesser than standard
Does the DM Kit Work With the Core Books?
Two-handed weapons for Trolls
How to run Fiasco in a group of mixed player types?
What methods can I use to get fuller class features than the multiclass feats provide?
Can Paranoia be revamped to be a cooperative game?
Confused about Actual Play Example in Numenera core book
What do I do when some players won't show up consistently?
GM task manager
Introducing new players to a Campaign mid-adventure
Having player characters in different locations in a city
How do I make an effective level 4 Revenant Avenger?
How compatible is Traveller5 content with Classic Traveller?
Should I give skills and full stats to NPCs?
Antithesis for an elf ranger?
Is there a check list for dishing out Exp Points after a session?
Do two weapon attack penalties still apply when attacking with only one hand?
How does the GM effectively help players find Traits?
Divided party on a deserted island
1st-level Pathfinder group without healer
How can I best make use of a high charisma?
Intelligent PC's and differing realms of knowledge
Designing Puzzles Requiring Halt Undead and Animate Dead
Paladin's Blaze of Glory
Are there ways to avoid a token's drawback?
Film noir character archetypes
What happens when Detect Magic is used upon something that is magically invisible?
Can a summoned creature hit/damage creatures that are only hit/damaged by +1 magical weapons or better?
Gestalt character with the same invocation from two classes
Does a character keep their class levels when changing in to a ghoul/ghast?
Can multiple abilities be used at once if they have a shared prerequisite?
Adjucating picking up an item in your opponent's square
What games have complex rules for arrow removal?
Could someone help me create a roman inspire warrior for a pathfinder game?
Does liquid count as ground?
Monsters description and number of attacks
How far does trap searching extend?
Math for calculating radius attacks
Are there D&D rules for encouraging non-optimal activities?
What skill would you use to determine a scent?
What does the skill "Knowledge (any)" mean?
Does Acrobatics allow you to move at full speed through Difficult Terrain?
Player as animal companion?
Does making an animal more intelligent automatically make them a magical beast
How much do people pay to have their miniatures painted?
How does using a warhorse as a beast companion work?
Do the penalties from Two Weapon Fighting and its improved version stack?
How do I, a novice GM, deal with a PC who is constantly difficult?
Are there any established "best practices" for teams of GMs creating campaign content?
How do you handle multiple actions that do not require dice-pools?
Making an optimized Rage character for d&d 3.5
Do you remember what happened during Dominate Person?
4th Edition-style Alternate Rewards in 3.5e/Pathfinder
Can my Cleric with the Primordial Adept theme use his holy symbol for theme powers?
Adding and balancing a new Stress Track?
What's the attack of opportunity for a monk
How to get players to care about their and each others characters and play them like they are actual people
How much should NPCs charge to identify magic items?
Homebrew special ability for invincibility
Any software to help manage mass combat from Ultimate Campaign?
Can a character choose to be taken out?
How can I overcome spell resistance?
Is it possible to work a Spiked Chain as a collar?
How to tell your players about the setting without make them read?
Are the GM principles from Advanced Delving meant as alternatives, or are they typos?
What was behind the creation of the gods/planes?
Disbelief, Interaction & Shadow Conjuration / Shades
Is it wrong to ask a player to justify their character's actions?
Recommendations for game mechanics that emphasize reagent or component based spellcasting
Death During Possession?
In 3.5 DnD, readying a move action to go adjacent to an enemy provoking AoO
Gauntlets & Spiked Gauntlets: How do they work?
Mechanics for social and mental HP?
Spell comparison: Shield vs Mage Armor
Too many divergent side quests. What do I do?
How is shooting into water handled?
Ways to regain Oath of Enmity with a multiclass Avenger?
How can I politely ask a player to leave my game?
Do I add an enchantment bonus to sneak attack damage?
DnD 3.5 and "Blink"
Does a negative Dex mod affect AC and Initiative?
XP System: Class and Character Level Separated, with XP spent determining level
Do all players have to agree to accept or deny a group compel?
Burst and other multiple bullets attack
Is there an organized list of the published D&D Dungeon and Dragon magazine adventures?
Sometimes, losing a big conflict is the better plotline. For D&D, how do you encourage this result?
Can Inquisitors use Determination twice/day at 3rd level?
Can you shapechange into an object instead of a creature?
Movement and sight
Can a monk increase his dodge bonus as a swift action out of his turn?
Can one create variant undead with Undeath word of power?
Can I be a half-dragon necropolitan?
4e Essentials with the Kids - options for sourcing Essentials?
What is the correct way to calculate the Knowledge DC to identify a creature?
Key differences between Words of Power and traditional divine spellcasting?
Where can I find extensions for RISUS?
Will changing an artifact sword to another weapon type impact game balance much?
Magic Weapon Creation
How can I find old Dungeon and Dragon magazine articles without a subscription?
How much would it cost to hire mercenaries for a couple days?
Advancing a Choker
What counts as entering the zone of Grasping Shadows?
A way to water-proof equipment on short notice
Can you use spell-like abilities in a grapple?
How Does Inappropriately Sized Spiked Armor Work?
Capping hit points in D&D possible without seriously breaking the game?
Ideas on a PvP campaign
When should I fudge dice rolls?
Can ghosts, wraiths, or other ghostly beings perceive hard-to-spot beings and objects?
Where can I find an authentic mine layout for use in a historical campaign?
Star Wars Saga Edition for the 3.5 player
What do I get the druid that has everything?
If a feat replaces the Strength mod to melee attacks with a different stat, can I still choose to use Strength?
How can I introduce others to Pathfinder?
How can I teach 5 people to be DMs?
Does anybody have any good premade creatures from the void I can use?
Should players be allowed to act outside their characters' boundaries when it suits them?
How can I deliberately cause my player character's alignment to shift?
Does Light create a point source light or does it make the whole target glow?
Does bestow curse stack?
Is there a Open Game License (OGL) or similar life-path system out there?
How can I take on a 'hybrid' form?
Are there any +1 Level Adjustment templates that grant Damage Reduction?
Does a Shadow Veil grant concealment or total concealment when in shadows?
Can you dual-wield bows with four hands?
Does "Disarm" need a to hit roll?
How would I simulate the multi stage fitness test?
As a Neutral-Good character, how greedy can I be?
Games where some characters can play as weapons
A good 2nd level DDI-subscription adventure for a family with little kids?
Restricted Extradimensional Movement: A Death Sentence?
Where can I discuss design and homebrewing for PF/D&D3.5 online?
Teleporting Grabbed Allies
Howl of Fury provoking opportunity attacks?
Insubstantial with Resistances
Can a thri-kreen count a wrist razor as a "melee" weapon for thri-kreen shooter while using a superior crossbow?
Removing Conditions without resolution
How can I effectively advance Perception, Faith, or Resources?
Two-Player Leverage
Extended actions rules, retry at bonus?
How do movement restrictions on a rider affect its mounted movement?
How to optimize a Gishy [Fighter/Mage] Character?
What is the etymology of the term 'Gish'?
What does this kind of prereq mean?
Creating a fantasy-style potion as a game prop
How many epic spell seeds can you know?
How do Psion At-Will Powers work?
How can you use isometric maps (or other tricks for addressing 3 dimensions) for miniatures?
Would a concussive bomb deal Sonic damage or something else?
What is the limit of the DM's power over the PCs?
Trying to find a panel discussion on the history of TSR that was posted to a gaming podcast
Is an Illusory Wall solid until revealed in DnD 4e?
Savage Worlds for a mystery game
Smallest practical party size in Savage Worlds
Can a blinded witch still use her Hex ability?
When giving out magic item treasure, do I replace or supplement what characters have?
Incoming!: How Can a Creature Get Out of Its Space as an Immediate Action?
How do you grant a ranger his animal companion within the story?
What do the terms "lines" and "veils" mean?
Dilettante with Sorcerer at-will Dragonfrost or Acid Orb as basic attack
Party Size and Roles for Rogue Trader
How do Cancel type spells work in Rolemaster?
PCgen domain specific spells
Are there rules for drowning in 4e?
Soaking after using Riled Up
Deck of Many Things vs. Forced Dream
High Intelligence Paladin Build?
Do level bonuses in D&D 3.5 accurately simulate learning curve with combat skills?
Should I call for an INT check for clever ideas?
What rulebooks should I get for an E6 campaign?
How should the Marshal run the Wanted Hindrance?
Does Arcane Reach work through walls
Are there zones that affect shadow weavers the way dead magic zones affect regular weavers?
Adjusting Combat Balance
What system increases skills based on skill use?
Realism of Poisoned Weapons
What happens to a wizard who loses his/her memory?
How does the "Animate Objects" spell work?
D&D 3.x criticals similar to Dragon Age RPG's Stunts?
What are the most important features needed in a shadowrun 5E character generator?
If undead exist, why do cemeteries exist & cremation not a standard?
Can a hexblade's pact weapon count towards a set bonus?
Comparing package-based and traditional character generation in Eclipse Phase
Athas: A terrifying vision of the future?
In FantasyCraft, how do the martial classes do more damage as they level up?
How do I optimize an Earthstrength Warden with some houserules and minimal books?
Keeping house-ruled handout feats fair across classes
Do 'Seeking' ranged weapons work against nonconcealment miss chances? (3.5)
How exactly is the Wyrd Ward spell used?
What stats should King Wolf have?
Anything known about the Green or the White?
Christmas Themed Adventure
Why doesn't Immobilized grant Combat Advantage?
Excuses for opponents using nonlethal force?
Dungeon World Leveling at level 10
Even simpler RISUS character generation
Sorcerous Blade Channeling Feat Trigger?
What's the purpose of not allowing tests to be converted in Burning Wheel?
What damage bonuses apply to Come and Get It?
Encounter powers, magic item powers and immediate reactions
Do you still roll a saving throw against effects that your character is immune to?
Interactive character sheets?
Can I go Classless?
How to add roleplayed investigation in a "search for the items" city quest?
How can I find dice shops?
How does the duration "concentration" work when using scrolls and power stones?
What is the Misc. box in the D&D 4E Essentials character sheet?
When adapting a setting to 13th Age, how to decide what is an Icon?
Adventure suited for a party of thieves and fast talkers?
Any rules or supplements for mass combat in Underwater or Aerial fantasy environments?
Can a good cleric use necromancy
How can I help my players get into a vengeful mindset?
Where do I write down the passive scores for skills?
Does Create a Diversion to Hide come with all the Rules of Hidden Club, or bypass them?
Can I use my sling while on the ceiling using Spider Climb?
Coercing a silver dragon
Making custom classes and advanced moves
Any provision for taking a second class feature?
Can a Chaotic Good Bard Use a Horribly Evil Artifact for a Good Cause?
What are good books and implements to get started with DnD4?
Dimension door while grappled
Worm-like Superhero RPG?
What feats expand the set of weapons one can use weapon finesse with?
Throwing upwards
Does Deflect Arrows work against Barbarian Lesser Hurl in Pathfinder
How can I model Burning Wheel probabilities in AnyDice?
Do half-elves have the Elven Accuracy power?
Can Spirits of Man with the Innate Spell power use Alchemical Preparations known by the Summoner
Rules source for Mundane Armor Bonuses Scaling by Level
Mechanically, how do I prepare a village of not-quite-vampire-thrall monk NPCs?
What fantasy adventures with rich descriptions are out there?
Does the Weird Science AB require knowledge skills?
Are there any RPGs that a first grade reader can read and learn?
Can an Ogre-Mage cast invisibility on others?
Is the D&D 4 shuriken reusable?
Abandoned at embrace
Can a power with "target: one creature" be used on an empty square in an attempt to hit a hidden creature?
How can I explain balanced ability scores
Monster suggestion for character backstory (AD&D 2e)
Continuous acrobatics in Pathfinder?
How are item level and cypher level related?
How do light thrown ranged attacks interact with a Hidden condition?
Eladrin population centers in Nerath/Nentir Vale?
Can you stack favored enemy bonuses instead of choosing a new one every 5 levels?
How do the Garou detect each other?
How many charges does the Wandstrike feat use?
Enlarged Dragon Breath & Hurl Breath
On Challenging D&D's Expectations on Death and Wealth accumulation
Constitution bonus and health
Can you force movement without using a power?
Where can I find a guide to making custom templates in 3.5?
Misdirection spell and Spellcraft
How can a monk control a battlefield?
Where can I find some tough creatures?
How can a battlefield control character be built?
Do magic weapon/Implement bonuses affect extra damage?
Searching for fantasy campaign setting with settlements of light and dark separated by permanent clouds
Does the aid another "special attack" become automatic at mid level?
Is there a shapeshifter that needs to keep its quarry alive?
which version of Werewolf do you prefer and why?
Skill points available at Character Creation with Savage Culture
Can you cast Invisibility on a large box and hide inside?
Multiclassing in Pathfinder-How do Feats work?
What happens to maneuverability when a ship's controls are frozen?
What adventures lie in Laketown from The Hobbit in The One Ring
If a DM uses Zone of Truth as a permanent effect, should creatures get only one save?
Converting 4e Forgotten Realms setting to 3.5e or Pathfinder
Was "Temple of Elemental Evil" ever updated?
Techniques for making undead scary again
RPG Tools (Virtual Board w/ LAN support) (Automatic or Decent Map Generator)
If a PC has an extra arm are they able to use a tower shield?
How does the Wizard spellbook work?
When using Blade of the Eldritch Knight (AV 2), can you charge from within 5 squares?
Where can I get a list of 4th edition D&D acronyms?
How can somebody perform a grab and throw (person)?
Can a cat kill a rat?
Are there any example pre-built Kingdoms anywhere?
Can a wizard ever gain more at-will spells?
How do Caern Powers work?
Examples of Fate mechanics for telling team stories with one player
Is publishing yet another RPG system a good or bad idea?
What are experience points?
Using Readied actions and the grease spell for sneak attacks in pathfinder
Size bonus to attack rolls?
Dipping in these ranger archetypes mechanically permissible?
Are fluff class descriptions part of the rules?
What's a Solid Way to Strike up a Conversation With a LE Devil outsider without the Gate Spell?
Can a white-haired witch grapple multiple targets?
Why create a new settlement using Ultimate Campaign rules?
Would I change my characteristics on my character sheet after picking a home world in Rogue Trader?
Can a dagger be used as a melee weapon?
Pathfinder Mithral Breastplate Costs
How do you have interesting events happen after a success?
How can I successfully integrate skill challenges without a grid in DnD 4e?
Which number to use when using "hit dice" in ability calculations?
How to get a witch's hair to look like snakes?
Limits to changing via disguise self spell?
How to craft a wondrous item for non caster
Can two characters mark the same enemy?
Can a PC "loot" a dead monster's corpse?
How does the Fighter damage experience bonus work for low-HP enemies?
How do I get started learning how to design my own RPG?
Take out enemies with hands (not fists)
How can I convert D&D 5e Saving Throws into Defences?
What kind of mat for a 1 inch grid is good?
Magically becoming multi-headed creatures
What does it take to make a Masterwork Tool?
Can a Cleric use a wand that's of a Domain spell?
Managing complexity due to concrete-scale rules
Eidolon attacks per round
Do creatures get an attack of opportunity against targets with soft cover?
Can a spell effect from a worn magic object be stolen by a Spellthief?
How is an NPC's gear value determined?
Relative difficulty in Savage Worlds skill checks?
Does the "Serpents of flame" standard sustain include the attack?
How do I keep track of invisible/hidden targets
What would it take for Pelor to abandon a paladin?
How to deal with rope trick in particular circumstance
I am having trouble understanding Characters....
How can my co-GM and I improvise together when running a game?
What content and format does a MET: VTM character submission need?
Expeditious Retreat and Chameleon Mutagen
Does moving towards an enemy with a reach weapon provoke an attack of opportunity?
Permanently gain extra Psionic powers
Ogryns & two-handed weapon wielding
How can I satisfy my RP desire of Knighthood?
When is it appropriate to use Ability checks over Skill checks?
Are the following moves legal when affected by the dread carapace power?
Can you suffocate a creature using Create Water?
How to continue d&d after the redbox
Roll For Shoes - Does the advancement system work for longer campaigns?
Pathfinder - crafting glasses?
Telekinetic Psychic powers - Do they ignore armor/TB?
Can I skip reading the Red Box?
Multiple non-roll actions per turn in Savage Worlds
Ogryn's trait "Auto-stabilised" from Only War to Rogue Trader
Can I cast two swift spells in a round, or otherwise trade a move action for a swift?
How can I create a first level teenaged rogue?
What mechanics for naval combat exist in D&D 3.5 and in which books are they in?
DnD 4e Books to get (errata? where to get?)
How do I implement a money-based economy?
Useless Opportunities in Cortex-Plus
Do Resplendent Circlet and Aversion Staff work together?
What (trait, feat, class, etc) can reduce the penalty of using inappropriately sized weapons?
Does Fiery Aura effect every Natural Attack in a round?
Arcane and Divine Spells vs Massive Damage
Healing an Eidolon
How much collateral damage would a 60,000MD bomb cause?
How to guide a new DM through his first game (as an experienced DM turned player)?
I'm not a DM anymore. How do I adjust to being a player again?
Removing hindrances in Savage Worlds
What are the setting implications of significant and minor blasts?
Is there a way to indicate a binding agreement on an item?
Saboteur Alchemist Bore Bomb Discovery
What happens if I combine Ur-priest and prestige class to exceed 10 effective spellcasting levels?
Rules for magic item creation while adventuring
What size is a maze runner?
Limitations of the Telekinesis power
Why can an Alchemist use non-personal formulae?
How do I help a player who struggles with a tactics-focused character?
How do your attacks per round work in robot combat?
Is there a topographical map of Ilmurea that provides height indicators?
Can deaf people play RPGs?
Does the Essentials Berserker benefit from non-essentials Rages in powers?
Can the Essentials Berserker use Martial powers while they are in Berserker Fury?
Shouldn't The Doctor almost always be an NPC?
Is there a better way to run a "rules light" or "beginner" D&D 4th edition game?
Using 3d6 instead of d20 for D&D Next
What are some clearly defined differences between developing a linear campaign versus dynamic
Avoiding slow and boring combat
How does Violent Awakening work with Flurry of Blows and Furious Assault?
What does crewing and maintaining a ship cost?
What is the maintenance cost of a starship?
How do I build Kratos
Does Combat Opening use an immediate action?
Does the Rogue's Riposte stop the enemy's attack?
Mechanicus and armor
How to voice an NPC?
Performing actions while falling
How to adjust CR of a campaign?
How can I implement multiclassing?
Can dark vision see in pitch darkness?
Creative Problem Solving Combat System Suggestions
Ways to Overcome Damage Reduction in E6
How can I wield two swords in prehensile tails?
What does increased caster level affect?
Call of Cthulhu 6th or 7th edition?
Does Evard's Black Tentacles affect the spell's caster?
What are the major innovations in Dungeon World compared to D&D 3.5/Pf/4e?
What is "GM/DM Fiat?"
Alchemist starting formulas
Embedding and attaching double weapons to Warforged, specifically spiked chain
What stops you attempting to cast minor and significant formula spells repeatedly until you succeed?
How can I roleplay my evil character properly?
Legend of the Five Rings Jiujitsu Alternate Rules
Permanently hiding items/objects
Can I play a Witch (the class) who is male and call him a Warlock?
How do you play a character of the opposite gender effectively?
Are there any good alternatives to the Move Silently skill, preferably magic or spell based?
How do I adapt enemies to the current party's level?
Can someone explain haunts to me?
Can someone explain what the "Proficiency Bonus" is in D&D 5e/Next exactly?
Can I make a worthwhile one-handed paladin?
Does the Fencing Master feat stack with the 5th level extra attack?
Does the 4e Feat Diabolic Soul only replace Infernal Wrath after receiving a critical hit?
Can I use the Deadeye Shot feat with ranged-touch spells (rays)?
Unhate-able Villains
Any house-rule for buying negative qualities after character creation?
Ways for a Bard (or other +3/4 BAB class) to get early access to Dazzling Display
What does it mean to designate something as "prey" in the Bravo Feat?
How exactly does the Web spell work?
How much resistance is dragon shield worth?
How can I keep the Tarrasque "dead"?
Misdirected Mark Bard At-Will Clarification?
How many times a round does a creature take damage from Force Shard?
Can temporary character banality be lower than permanent?
How to ensure players spend XP on both short- and long-term benefits in Numenera?
Druid's wild shape natural attacks and magical item
What do the different levels of the magic item quicken spell rod do?
How can I get people to play a "diceless system"?
Precision damage and damage reduction
What feats should a velociraptor animal companion have to fill the "scout" role well?
When wielding a reach weapon can you use armored spikes to make Attacks of Opportunity?
Club as a Two-Handed Weapon?
Using a ranged weapon in melee
Can Mass Lesser Vigor be persisted?
Do luck bonuses stack?
Pricing items as a DM
When a wizard's familiar attacks, who's the attacker for the purposes of Invisibility?
Hacking into a mesh insert in Eclipse Phase
Can Druids tame a dinosaur?
How can I encourage role playing in a custom setting?
In Eberron do Elves dream and did Giants create them?
Is there a Wild Hunt in Pathfinder?
How far can characters see?
Is Sword's Vengeance a "win button"?
How can I send magicians into space?
Magic Item Creation with instantaneous, continuous spell effects
Do Boots of Teleportation allow you to take allies with you?
Are there mechanics for determining a starting age in D&D BECMI?
Qualifying for other races' feats
Is the Halflings bonus vs fear any good?
How do spells work in D&D Essentials Starter kit?
Up Close and Deadly and Full-Attack Actions
Custom magical item
Does Blur let you try to hide while in plain sight?
Improving Animal Companions for E6 Gestalt Characters
Pathfinder Wildshape Size Question
Does Martial study feat allow you to choose maneuvers earlier than a standard martial adept class?
How can I play a lawful rogue?
Can I resume levelling up as a paladin after taking a few levels as an Oracle?
What character creation tools exist for Earthdawn?
Are a Druid's Tree Shape ability and the spell "Entangle" compatible for a spell combo?
What is the soonest an item that traps a person can be made?
Can Dragon Shards augment implements?
Can Conceal be used to sneak past someone?
Confusion with opposed rolls
How does the Alternative Favored Class bonus work for a Halfling Sorcerer Arcane Bloodline?
Smaller bolter patterns?
Can a true neutral character cast spells affected by alignment?
What damage does a Halfling's Staff Sling deal?
Is Smite Evil from the Half-Celestial template different from the Smite Evil from the Simple Celestial template?
Average Damage Output in 4e?
Options for leveraging non-lethal damage
Good campaigns for a small group?
Contact Other Plane clarification
Standard attack vs full attack at low level
Delaying your action in combat
Does a "Page of Knowledge"-item exist for the Wilder class?
Dealing with players smarter than me?
Am I handling Natural Weapons incorrectly?
What guides and resources exist for creating custom classes in Dungeon World?
Is it legal to "use" (reference) copyrighted material in a way that requires ownership of its original publication?
Multiple attacks, parry and actions
Combining multiple Performance skill types in a single gig
What is the first crowd-sourced pen-and-paper RPG product?
Does speaking Supernal result in communicating with everyone?
How much does a body weigh?
DM taking away XP from players as a form of punishment
How would you interpret "incapacitate" for a spell?
Riding your Sorcerer familiar as Pixie
Can a Physical Barrier serve as a bridge?
Modeling character emotions and stress
How can I add psychic damage to wizard powers?
Coming up with a numbering system for an 'omni-die'
Pythonesque Fantasy RPG?
Can a succubus fly when in another shape?
What does the term "party level" mean?
Learning to use spells comfortably
What happens when you step off the battle map?
Recommendation for first-time-ever RPG group
If I counterspell another spell, can it be cast again?
Where is a website that lists non-traditional genre RPG scenarios and systems
What does the condition "Unattended" mean?
Gravity Bow on magic bow
What Are Freedom of Movement's Limits?
What happen to a Wraith's belongings when it falls into a Harrowing?
Does Ghostly Vitality apply to the attack that triggers it?
What reason would there be for a ruler to forgo having himself resurrected?
Handling a dragon lair's treasure consistently with treasure parcels
What actions should I avoid when joining a new group?
Early optimized/broken caster
What are the rules for multiple prestige classes?
About critical rolls on D&D
Does Surge Crystal's effect apply before or after Chaotic Surge's 1d4 roll?
Can I sustain the spell if I go out of range?
Does Superior Will work on Unnatural Vitality?
Does the magus' pool strike count as a touch spell?
What are ways to make enemies count as bloodied?
What is a convenient way to keep track of alchemical formulae?
Is there any way to tell if a changeling is using Skinmask?
Can a Wraith perceive the Shadowlands when emboding or skinriding?
How do I find players and game sets in my area?
Writing a character-oriented adventure for characters you don't know
Setting up a food pantry/orphanage?
Is there any information on cities where most of the citizens are undead?
Magus Spell combat work with spells from other classes
What happens after I grapple as Attack of Opportunity?
How to make a countdown?
What are the armor limits for stone warden?
Price of fake SIN
Can you use Warp to escape a Binding?
What is the cumulative defensive effect of stacking the following feats?
Flurry of Blows Damage Calculation
How do I make players appreciate roleplaying fluff and their surroundings?
How can I squeeze a place for utility spells with limited number of preparable spells?
Must a Wizard prepare a spell to cast it as a ritual?
Two Weapon Fighting Feat with light weapons
History of the Wish Spell
What are the full names of all the outer planes?
How to discourage players from rushing?
Is there a way to replace the attribute used by powers gained through multiclassing without being a bard?
Why can't a feint be part of a full round attack?
Do Paladins add their Proficiency bonus to their Spell Save DC?
Can I ready a sneak attack?
What does Assassinate mean by "surprised", and can it be used multiple times?
How do I support an anxious friend's introduction to Role-Playing?
Description trumps example?
Can I take an immediate action after I've used a swift before my next go
Can I attack a specific spot on an enemy?
Does glowering threat work the same way as a mark or differently?
Fighting an opponent with higher Reflexes
Mimic's adhesive
Do you always get a Will save?
Deeper darkness and dancing lights interaction
How to Avoid Weakness to Cold Iron
What are ways to imbue magic into a cloth armour?
How can Fate Accelerated be adapted to very short game time windows?
Roleplaying Persistent Cloud of Knives
What version of D&D, or similar game, should I choose given my criteria?
Bardic performance in battle requires a check if the bard is damaged?
Are there limitations on devilbound creatures?
Digital character sheets?
Can you help me understand the RPG rules behind Planescape:Torment?
What should I do if I have one PC that has optimized his character and is throwing off the party's CR?
What item creation feats should an Alchemist take?
How does Sound Constitution exactly work?
Mastering Telekinetic Discipline?
Where would one fish in Andoran?
Can Manticore Parry redirect an attack towards the original attacker?
Ways to fast-travel across Golarion?
Can players use ranged attacks or spells while within the Magic Circle against Evil?
Should I prepare a 0th level spell twice to use it twice?
Bard Focused Sound Criticals
Can I legally obtain AD&D 2nd core rulebook in a digital form?
Wing-clipped Strix and flying in Pathfinder
Benefits of using an off-hand parrying object in 7th Sea
What is a good guideline for creating challenging NPCs in Edge of the Empire?
In D&D 3.5 Why does "Withdraw" not trigger an "Attack of Opportunity"?
I'm running a Pathfinder adventure using 3.5E rules - what should I watch out for?
Do cantrips count as zero level spells?
Ranger's Focus and Master Hunter
How can I get miniatures with specific features?
Are rulings that only feature in Dragon/Dungeon Magazine 'official'?
How can I convert the Necromorphs from Dead Space to Savage Worlds?
How to defend from Mind Flayer's psionic blast
Which feats fit this concept?
How do I design exciting, fun boss fights for my players?
What are the limits of Telekinetic powers?
A player leaving without warning and dealing with the mess?
Can Magus change their grip on their sword during spell combat as a free action?
How many known spells does a level 1 spellslinger with 20 int have at creation?
Can someone help me optimize (or at least, make sure I don't hobble) a gunslinger/magus for PFS play?
Does a hybrid blackguard choosing Domination as vice gain the Dominator's Strike?
Does the pathfinder Myrmidarch Magus archetype use ammunition when he uses ranged spellstrike?
Does the psyker have to roll for psychic phenomena every time he wants to use a psychic ability while pushing?
What is the best way to teleport back and forth between your current location and your base?
How many "pets" can an Explorator have at the same time?
What XP counts to acquire new ranks? Spent XP or earned XP?
Starting at a higher level
My player characters abandoned an NPC and I want them to feel the consequences
Learning to play from scratch
Do weapons training's bonuses apply to every attack made with a double weapon?
How can a Paladin add CHA mod to melee damage?
Are DCs supposed to be secret?
Repair Spells/Infusions and "Constructs"
How does a psyker choose which disciplines he takes?
GM burn-out concerning worlds and systems
GMing a combined-groups session
How can an Explorator acquire new minions?
Level of detail in description?
Spells similar to Unconcious Agenda for 3.5 without certain restrictions
How can I make Attacks of Opportunity using a ranged weapon?
Using words of power as a mythic character
Savage Worlds Powers with Pathfinder/3.5 Trappings?
Can people detect a Detect Hidden Node scan?
Dealing with Object Damage with Area of Effect spells
Can an animal companion use all their primary attacks
Does the Reloading Hands spell refill the entirety of a ranged weapon's ammunition capacity, or only one shot's worth?
5th level optimized Fighter/Ranger builds for 3.5/Pathfinder
How does "Do It Yourself" deck creation work during character creation?
Does Vecna's Aura work on revenant players?
Should I take Sorcerer or Warmage for a Kobold Ultimate Magus?
How to implement multiclassing during character creation?
Preventing gear loss while using Change Shape?
singel player rp games
Can alchemy be performed with magical items in a no-mana world?
Can magical objects exist in a no mana world?
How can I bring a player back to immersion and away from the distraction he brings to the table?
Can Charisma be considered a physical score?
Optimizing a Minotaur PC
Barding (Or Armoring) Animal Companions
What makes clerics so strong in D&D 3.5?
When are unexpected events "Too much"?
Detect Magic and moving targets
How do Hybrid Warlocks get Eldritch Blast?
How does Rapacity and Emoting work?
How do you deal with metagaming based on die results?
What equipment should a character start with?
Does warden's mark lower enemies attack rolls?
Random Loot list for Magic Items
How can I help a player craft a backstory that gives me plot hooks?
Are there any published RPG adventures set in Utumno or Angband?
What's a good source for a fantasy common-magic setting?
Is it possible to run a simulationist sandbox game?
How can I craft weapons and armor?
Online Post-Apocalypse Generators & Aides
What kind of marker should I use on a flip-mat battlemat?
How do character traits affect play?
Is 3d6 the same as 1d18?
Infinite rage gimmick?
The "Quantum Barbarian" -- Beginning the Rage Ends the Rage, and Ending the Rage Begins the Rage
How do I build interesting dungeons?
How does wandering within a city work?
D&D 4E, Passive Perception or Passive Insight instead of rolling
How to create battles in a war
Druid with heavy armor and a shield?
personality traits for a character
When treating deadly wounds, what do I add my WIS modifier to exactly?
Does Mind Blank provide protection from Turn Undead?
How can I help my players grok Risus?
How can I quickly come up with random encounters and puzzles?
Is there an Alchemy system that enables me to make all the potions?
Free Pathfinder low-level urban adventures?
The use of an intelligent magical item. When is it appropriate and how powerful should it be?
Bringing the Realism
Ability drain (natural) attacks and subdual damage
Helping a player who states "I have very little imagination" enjoy the game more?
Changing attributes and EP
How I figure what dice I need to attain a certain curve?
Why can't you run with a Fly spell?
Blaze of glory twice
Can I roll for a PC in secret?
Is Knowledge (Local) Tied to a Specific Region?
Is a spell with an attack roll "an attack" for the purpose of Sneak Attack?
How can I handle critical failure without slowing down the action?
When rolling percentages, do 1d100 and two d10s (percentiles) share the same probabilities?
Collaboration on various ideas
How do I deal with a bored or distracted player bringing down the group?
How exactly do multiple attacks work in 3.5?
Being a more "flexible" Dungeon Master
Tricks to speed up the combat of 3.5 D&D?
Introducing Roleplaying in Combat
How do I design well-balanced homebrew items?
Good alignment on characters facing a vampire
How to use Time Paradox In-Game
Do Druids have to roll for "Handle Animal" to "Handle" or "Push" their Animal Companion?
What is required to only mount a creature?
How do I effectively control a fresh animal companion in a way that doesn't slow down the party?
Who first decided that "metagaming" is bad?
Good 1st level spell choices for a 1 level Bard (Archaeologist) dip?
How do I obscure writing in a book?
How to address Damage/Toughness bias in M&M Tradeoffs
Can a player create an AI?
What style of campaign works best for a large group?
What's required for Skinlink to work?
D&D 3.5e understanding attacks of opportunity
How do I benefit from skirmish as a high BAB ranged and melee scout?
Does Positive Energy heal living creatures even when it does not specify that it does so?
How can you discover illusions?
Ray of Flame's damage progression
Synthesist, Combat Reflexes, Improved Grab and Bite
Are tricks the only way that I can control an animal companion?
Can a PC use his Charisma to influence other PCs?
How long can I estimate a combat to take, and how long should an average dungeon be?
Exactly, what is an encounter?
Does my animal companion level up aside from the benefits that come with my effective druid level?
Is maximum PC hit points going to unbalance the game?
Did I overstep my power as DM?
What are the minimum changes required to satisfyingly play Torchbearer GMless?
Can any creature be tamed?
Day-to-day life of a Lich
Can I improve "free" affiliations during character burning?
Is AC really as powerful as I think it is?
Am I locked into zones being exactly as described, or can I change what they're a zone of?
What is an appropriate talent for a board-game playing mastermind?
How can I build a Sorcerer who focuses on debuffing and debilitating effects?
Is Wild Magic a Prerequisite for a Chaos Sorcerer?
What are the implications and complications of adding new players?
Would this mounted scenario be rule consistent?
Is a hand crossbow anything special?
What are the 'civilian' jobs of shamans?
Can a mount use "Withdraw" in Pathfinder?
When using the tunnel riding feat, is the mount still required to make an Escape Artist check?
Background music for a modern thriller table
How does rest work?
Was the Tomb of Horrors module representative of Gygaxian DMing?
In Pathfinder, How far does one sink after failing a swim check?
Kobold Barbarian and Rage Drake’s Frenzy
Do I need to take turns outside of encounters?
How can I let undead stirges keep blood drain?
What are hafted weapons?
Limit to number of weapon/armor enhancements?
Why is the full plate armor penalty only -6 when plate arms are at -7?
My class "imbues" a _____ on an item?
Does spellstrike override spell storing for a Magus?
Do I apportion XP to NPC allies?
How can I effectively drop clues of corruption in my campaigns?
Does the Lesser Beast Totem upscale to 1d8 claw damage for large creatures?
Do the automatic success and failure rules apply to skill checks?
Can you heal yourself at 0 HP?
Calculating dice pool probability with limited rerolls
Armour rating inside an iron safe
Stealthing after a ranged attack
How does one calm, then tame a Natural Beast?
How do I calculate the chance of hits?
Does a burst centered on the caster affect the caster himself?
Game design process to create a White-Wolf-like setting?
Changing Type Of Enemy During Combat
Turning a Campaign Evil Leads to "Problems"
Change Of Heart (Deity)
Taking a running leap... how does this happen?
How can summons and beast companions become more fun?
Great classic Shadowrun adventures/campaigns?
Do Sorcerers need to know a lot of attack spells?
In Whitehack, how does character level interact with the possible strength of miracles?
Is the hit die supposed to be rolled?
Does this armor set work RAW?
What does the (S) mean in the stat blocks for NPCs in some of the books?
Is the Good Lich template is a character template or a lich template?
Avoiding armor penalty by trait?
Can you get the benefit of Saving Inspiration without spending a healing surge?
For a Halfling Swashbuckler, how much investment in intimidate is worth it?
Playing a loyal character without it being boring
How do I force a party from the Astral Plane?
How much does a barrel of gunpowder cost?
Where does a traveler arrive when a planar location's unspecified?
Is the bonus Affiliation gained from low stats supposed to be attached to the low stat?
How does a full attack for a Corpse Stirge work?
What is the most damage-oriented barbarian build (without any regard to defences)?
How can I play an Artificer predictively?
Do humanoids have natural attacks?
Best way to get Guidance of the Avatar on a Factotum?
Can Greater Dispel Magic dispel a Wall of Force?
How do I help out my GM as a new Pathfinder player?
Are class and feat based proficiencies cumulative?
What does Aura of Resolve's immunity to charm spells mean?
Preventing servitor spamming?
Spellcaster specializing in casting enchanting spells on allies weapons
Can a Technomancer with Biowire thread a memorized Skillsoft?
How do flight arrows affect ranged damage
Whats currently a good game to start on?
Managing leveling too fast?
Running Mage the Ascension with new players who are intrested in the Entropy Sphere
Initiate Feats DCs for non-spellcasters
Could a Hellbred worship Eilistraee?
Storytelling with lie detection
Can a Sorcerer learn "Cure Light Wounds" from a scroll?
What happens when Water Breathing is dispelled underwater?
Our ranger has too many skill ranks for his skills
If you teleport vertically whilst levitating or flying, will you fall?
Do I need the Spirit sphere to get to the Digital Web?
When to give up on an obstacle
Good source for D&D 3.5/Pathfinder siege warfare rules?
Is it a good idea to give our GM ideas/puzzles/riddles for his campaign?
Call of Cthulhu V6 Dice
What is the order of gaining a level?
Ways to fly around the battlefield and still get have a Full action left to use on other things?
Does Perfect Preparation allow a caster to prepare any spell on her list?
Can a Dragonfire Adept use Metabreath feats?
What happens when a Dragonfire Adept with a template uses Humanshape?
Can I have plant allies?
Golarion deity closest to Dionysus?
Does DR apply to damage from Diehard?
Is Craft Magic Arms and Armor mandatory to add special abilities to an Amulet of Mighty Fists?
Does Avatar of Vice grant free uses of Dread Smite if I don't know it?
Can you deliver a Magus' spellstrike through a combat maneuver?
How can I give strong weapons to enemies without the players looting them?
Edit video feed to loop: single or multiple files?
Can a Magus enchant his fists?
Can Bone Knights create bonecraft shields?
Are there any metamagic/enhancement feats for supernatural abilities?
What's the best way to DM semi-large battles (~50 guys on each side)?
Casting magic through innate attacks
How does time elapse during crafting?
A system that allows for a gritty, fast, simple post-apocalyptic setting?
How to change cleric domains
Does increasing Con during level-up also increase the bonus to HP from Con?
Thickness and other properties of wall of force?
Using Sap Adept/Master feat as a rogue in pathfinder
How does the Redemption (story) feat work?
How does one work a druid into a campaign?
Do large creatures provoke Opportunity Attacks when moving if some part of them still occupies the threatened square?
How does the Earth Spell feat interact with high level spells?
Reproduction of copyrighted content by website users
What items and environment does an Alchemist need to brew Extracts?
Which familiar-related abilities require the 1 mile proximity?
Does Manifestation of Wrath heal depending on the number of enemies hit or not?
Are there rules in D&D 3.5 for characters who smoke?
How can I better show players that enemies are not friends?
What happens to effects when their origin dies?
What happens when a nemesis god is responsible for resurrecting your character?
What are the best enhancements for a rapier?
Do levels from Mnemonic Enhancer stack?
Additional dragon types for dragon disciple?
How do my Sorceror and Caster levels interact with Magical Knack and Fire Ray?
Looking for a good, simple RPG system that will work using an MMO's chat function
Alternatives to death in a character and narrative-driven campaign?
As a first-time DM should I let my players play complex character classes and roles?
Do the core D&D 4th edition rulebooks get updated?
Is the scope of my campaign too large?
Can an axe musket be used one handed to make melee attacks? Does it function as a battle axe for abilities?
Under What Circumstances Do Additional Creatures Add to EL?
Can a Sire be blood bound to his child?
What are the benefits of owning a physical book?
What product(s) do I need to start with the Pathfinder Campaign setting?
How to improve physical attractiveness of a PC with low Charisma?
Are there any rules for creating your own prestige classes
Can I choose not to defend against an attack?
homerule for experience sharing between party members
Kingdom building. Multiple farms in one hex
Readied actions in Dresden RPG
draconic champion prestige class requirements are vague
Generate an engaging and "realistic" tribe of orcs (also one of ogres)
Does changing Skins reset the advancement tick-boxes?
Losing limbs in Shadowrun
Creating a campaign everyone can DM in?
How much is a Second roll worth in Modifier Bonus
What happens if one's petrified while Enlarged (or Polymorphed)?
Why does detect magic last more than 3 rounds?
Are licenses required for melee weapons?
Seeking a specific D&D retro-clone
Is a license required for each weapon, or does one cover all?
Recommend large, complex, logical dungeons
Is there a difference between a Hack and a Clone?
Strategies for handling age of maturity dissonance for Aasimar (or other plane-touched) born to humans?
Are 3.5 homebrew races compatible with Pathfinder?
Does Adaptive Style really let you recover expended maneuvers?
Why is time-dilated simulspace not an I Win button?
Adding characters to the party once the story has started
Myth Adventures Series RPG?
Breath of Life and hp based Death Effects
When taking a non-combat action, do you move to the end of rank order first, or only after acting?
Is negative energy (or channeling it) necessarily evil?
How to deal with players asking for an "infodump"
Can an enemy overrule your dominate feature with another dominate attack power?
Easy-to-learn system that supports one-on-one play
Manyshot and weapon special abilities
Does a Wizard need a spellbook to cast spells, or just to prepare them?
What are the costs of having multiple/alternate spellbooks?
What exactly does Paizo consider Product Identity?
Tree based tool to create dialog
Investigating suspects and evidence in a D&D3.x based world
Creating custom preparation rituals and boons for Pathfinder
What's the inspiration for the owlbear?
How do I deal with my players not roleplaying at all?
Can you use someone as a human shield?
How many Medicae First Aid tests can you perform in/out of combat?
Most levels of Cleric recommended?
What published resources give good examples of Adventure Fronts?
Injury Poison vs Temp Hit Points / Damage Reduction
How to force a group to choose a leader?
How do I make an interesting escape from a fire?
Recommended protocol for effective communication using a Virtual Table Top (VTT)
What is "the d20 bust," and what does "post-d20 game" mean?
Damaging transmuted state
Can Intimidate be used to cause fear of other forces?
New players missing the big picture?
What happens when you use Maximize Spell on a Prismatic spell?
What do I need to play Firefly: Echoes of War?
IRC Client especially geared to RPGs?
Is rolled death during character creation ever OK?
Dresden RPG thaumaturgy conditional triggers
Using mechanics optimization to design a game at a desired power level
Reading material to present to completely new players
Should I take turns during a skill challenge?
What are the implications of having a bone token spellbook?
Removing XP as a requirement to level
Paranoia playable with just two Troubleshooters?
Any real hard science rpg systems?
Are the orcs of the D&D core canon not above eating sentient humanoids?
Is there software which can serve as a virtual DM?
Effects of war on everyday life and adventuring
Which classes stack with others for determining Animal Companion bonuses?
Where it says longsword +3 and short sword +2, what does the +3 and +2 mean?
Spending Hold whilst shapeshifting as a Druid
Getting bogged down in combat with Dungeon World
Which D&D artist drew the cover art for the Warriors of the Eternal Sun Genesis game?
Can a rogue, druid, or cleric use Shield Bash without penalty?
Would Deft Blade affect Virtuous Strike?
Does Entangling Shot involve one duration roll or one per target?
What are the rules of using a ranged weapon while flying?
How did Robilar plunder the Tomb of Horrors?
Item Creation Without Experience Points
How do I encourage new players to be more descriptive in their actions and intents?
How much experience should players earn when fighting in a war?
What should a GM do about players using magic in unforeseen game-breaking ways?
Crafting in the Wilderness
Do these Elemental summoning items function infinite times?
Community-created dungeons for Pathfinder?
Dark Heresy Situational Corruption points
Does "attacks" in effect text refer to attempted or only successful attacks?
What movement limits are there when maintaining a grapple?
Does changing a creatures type change its traits?
What do I have to roll to make a horse squeeze through a tight space?
Melee touch attack with two weapons?
Who is the Compiler?
How does the Shadowrun SR4 combat mechanic work?
Can a player mark two different targets?
How many spells can a level 1 human Wizard have in 4e?
How can I make my allies & myself regularly benefit from Mark of Warding?
The evasive shulassakar: origin and resources
Main differences between the 1st and 2nd editions of Unknown Armies
Leveling up a non-companion animal
Tracking down an adept with facial sculpt
Class Skill and Skill Focus as requirement for feat
What happens when you trip a flying target with Good or Perfect maneuverability?
How do I make my fights more interesting?
As a GM, how can avoid pitfalls common to Generic Point Build Systems?
Teaching Polaris for a single session game
When do spells expire?
In Pathfinder, do magical weapons automatically overcome damage reduction?
Gumshoe investigative ability pool sizes
Can impact driven thrown weapons be treated as Brawn instead of Agility?
What is a good/solid contemporary (near future)-Sci Fi rpg setting?
Typical amount of time for a Story Arc to complete
Can a thrown dagger do slashing damage?
What game system should I use for a new campaign: familiarity or abundant material
Can Psi-like abilities be augmented with power points?
Archivist's Spellcasting
Maximum number of helpers for teamwork rolls
What Book was the Kender god detailed in?
Is There a Swarm Druid in D&D 3.5?
How to handle players who take a long time to take their turn?
Increasing reach of unarmed strikes
Can effects or abilities raise the difficulty of a task above 10?
Extra Successes with weapons
Khyber's Harvest is made for how many PCs?
PC as Familiar?
D&D high-difficulty / technical character build suggestions
How does taking 2 archetypes in from the same core class work?
Base Attack Bonus vs. actual bonus on attacks?
What are the best ways for a group of players and/or the GM to believably/fairly get one's hands on a spaceship?
As a Sorcerer of the Efreeti Bloodline, can I turn Stone Call into Fire Call?
New Obligations in Edge of the Empire
What unfortunate side effects am I missing in allowing a feint as part of movement at a -10 penalty?
On a critical hit, does one double negative modifiers?
D&D Source Material for Honour Systems
Using the bestiary
What does 1-1/2 mean?
Are there any mechanical effects of being at zero Willpower?
Gain the Enchantment Property from Both Implements and Weapons?
Does faking life help to brighten one's aura?
Can the Create Water spell create "running water"?
Range of Blast powers
Can a creature with reach using Sunder be targeted by an AoO if it isn't within range of the defender?
Large humanoid with reach weapon and gore, unthreatened radius?
Does a character benefit from both racial and class weapon proficiencies?
Can I use touch creature spells on myself?
Is there an equivalent of Proton Packs for Hunter: The Vigil?
How does Spell Mastery work exactly?
Can a naturally poisonous creature always use the feat Poison Spell?
Can a Magic User cast 'Illusion Disguise' on someone even though they don't agree with it
Why isn't Rancho Soldano's ruler a Soldano?
Which D&D 3.5 deities grant the pride domain?
Can I take Talents as Feats?
Could I make a sneak attack, move behind new cover and make a stealth check?
What sourcebook has 0th-level psionic powers?
Does Reach stack?
3.5 Tome of Battle - Warblade maneuver replacement and maneuver prereqs
What does a 1d6/1d6 damage mean?
Attributes - how to determine them in a setting-specific manner?
Can etheric rounds be made for any weapon?
Roll20 reminded me of a similar program; help me identify it?
Can Bards attack while Performing?
How many stun attacks can a monk do in one round?
What do the two armor ratings for Kevlar mean?
Mutant City Blues Example Characters
Break through leaking hit point abstraction
What can someone with the Beast Master edge command their dog to do?
What is the lowest character level at which a binder can take the anima mage prestige class?
Skill to represent understanding dead languages, not necessarily speaking them
Divinities character sheets for D&D 3.5
Level-0 spells for Duskblade?
What is armor "properties" on the default character sheet?
How do I determine my burrow speed?
Can druids be neutral good or neutral evil?
How can I efficiently run a morally challenging campaign?
How can I challenge my players with something other than combat?
Watching an obfuscated vampire from the umbra
Dealing with Character Advancement in a Game with Rotating GM's
Keeping +forward and its reason present
Do all spells require an attack roll?
Can you begin casting, move, then unleash a spell in the same round?
How is a ranged touch spell attack calculated?
Can I take a 5-foot Step and perform any standard action after?
Spell placement on a grid, and possibly the differences between "Effect" and "Area"
How do you interpret the attacks in the Bestiary?
Can an Essentials Fighter pick non-Essentials Fighter feats?
What books should I purchase to start D&D4 with? (2014 after some became out of print)
How can I let the players be what they want in AD&D 1e?
How to reintegrate players who had their characters die in AD&D 1e?
Can you touch up to six objects as a full round action when casting a touch spell?
Is it possible to stack multiple claws from bloodlines/feats/class abilities?
Looking for a WWII RPG that requires no adaptation/conversion
Sensible values for a human child's AC / HP / Ini
What are the advantages of AD&D over D&D3?
Cybereyes capacity cost & cyberlimbs
Spaceship Combat in Fate Core
Most effective means of dealing with lack of players in AD&D 1e?
Piggybacking and cooperative rolls - when to use them?
When does a flurry of blows occur when attacking multiple enemies at once?
Do Properties of magic weapons stack when using Two-Weapon Fighting?
Alternating GM/Campaigns within the same group?
How can I bypass an elder vampire's Fortitude?
Cyborging in Paranoia 25th Anniversary Edition
Where can I observe a world's creation as it happens?
Brief Tutorials for AD&D 1e?
Practical aspects of fire immunity
What does a horse need to carry your things?
When is the flurry power triggered?
How long can creatures survive without breathing?
AD&D 1e and "Skill Checks"
Does Gravity Bow stack with Enlarge?
How to use Shape Earth spell
Good Miniature for a Dancing Weapon
Granting the Gentle Gift through original research
How do pet classes control their animals?
Does the heal skill depend on your level or the patient's?
Can non-barbarians take Whirling Frenzy?
Can I use Defender Aura without ending Berserker Fury?
Where are the hexagon grid details in the book?
Charisma-based checks and concentration
Upgrading Null Mysteriis to be on par with third tier Hunter organizations
Barbarian rage and fight on defense
Are Paradox effects optional or cumulative?
Where can I find a Pathfinder charsheet PSD?
What stats do you use when buying an animal?
Does an adept leave an astral signature when using his powers? How long does it last?
What book has prices for alternative muses?
Does Hammerblow stack with Mighty Swing or Dual Weapon Mastery?
Does a druid's animal companion roll HD to determine health or just add 8 points for every HD?
How do monster cohorts work?
How to get players to survive this particular battle?
Which humanoid has the highest strength?
Should rogues play stealth or tank on D&D?
Is there any way to turn regular ranged weapon attacks into Touch attacks?
Broad jumps with Hopscotch in Changeling: the Dreaming
Elven Wizard Generalist number of new spells per level?
When monster cohorts level up, do they work just like a PC of that class level?
The Mysteries of AD&D 1e Initiative
Keeping track of time in AD&D 1e
Multiclassed spellcaster, full spell knowledge?
How much are the players supposed to know?
Advice for AD&D 1e without miniatures or tiles?
Making travel time meaningful?
Can Apocalypse World be played as a two-player game?
Formula for scaling weapon damage with size?
Why won't masterplan let me add traits/powers to Creature Templates?
How many iterative attacks can an Eidolon with a two-handed weapon make?
Can you attack and then do Total Defence in the same turn?
If using a double weapon do you get multiple attacks?
How are damage penalties on melee attacks calculated?
Explaining the Wall Run merit from the Parkour merit tree
Short One-Session Adventures for AD&D 1e?
Slavic AD&D Campaign Setting Resources
My player has too much custom stuff and it's making things difficult for me
Off Hand optimization
What are the long term consequences of adding new negative quality during play
Help Needed With Probability Math for 2d10
Initiate of [Deity] feats and spontaneous divine caster?
Looking for game with a specific initiative system
What are the best computer generators for historical timelines?
Is there a "sea creatures" RPG system, or would I need to create one?
Are there D&D random encounter tables where # monsters encountered is dependent upon party size?
How do I remove a poorly-designed rule without my players feeling cheated?
How do we tell our new GM that we don't like some elements of his campaign?
Ring of the Ram and (Any) Golem 3.5 D&D
How can I use improvised consequences to make combat more interesting?
Can I start with multiple dots in a merit?
3.5e: Concealment from Child of Shadow (martial stance) clarifications
Can a bound outsider disobey its orders?
How far away can my new sleeve be when I egocast?
Calculating Hit Points past Level 1
Spell DC Saving Throws
Dodging missiles in Eclipse Phase
Small ships and interplanetary communications
How can player characters restore a mostly-burned note?
A few questions about mounts
Is there a way to turn a melee touch attack into a ranged touch attack?
Does the Vanguard Weapon property only trigger when used to make the attack?
Does Casting a Spell with Somatic and Material Components Require 2 Hands?
Persistent tail combined with concealment from Ghostwalker
How much does it cost to add hardpoints to armor?
Are there any guides for using Statistical Analysis for RPG optimization?
If you take a 5 foot step out of a threatened square do you provoke an AoO?
How do i scout with a bat familiar?
How can you tell when a creature can speak a language or just understand it?
What does "advanced simple template" mean in the context of a creature?
Starting spells in AD&D 1e
If you perform a standard action can you still attack on the same turn?
Minor Creation and food
Are there any restrictions on what rolls can benefit from 'Good time management'?
How to secretly talk to one of the players while DM'ing?
How can I decide whether being the GM is right for me?
Are ability scores restored daily even while still under an affliction?
Does the same affliction stack?
What does "the save DC is Charisma-based." mean?
Can you use the heal skill on yourself?
House rules for making specific components matter for spells, magical and mundane item creation?
As a newbie DM, is it OK to borrow plots from MMOs for my game?
Can you 5-foot step while entangled
What do asset skills actually do, in Hunter: the Vigil?
How do free contacts from Professional Training work?
How to represent 'instant expert' in nWoD?
Is XP spent at character creation treated the same as • spending?
Would armor that you're wearing and weapons be counted in your carry weight?
Do you generally do anything with a creature's remains?
How to gain utility powers from multiple other classes
Is there a good system for organizing and distributing handouts online?
Stress Tracks and Beast Change
Would someone clarify the HD section in the Zombie Bestiary entry?
As a player, how can I help other players explore their characters on a deeper level?
Can low level priests cast high level spells off scrolls?
From the God-Machine Chronicles, what do the different intensity stun guns do?
Should availability be altered for non-US settings?
If I don't spend all of my starting XP 'before play starts,' does it get wiped out?
Gemstones in a Treasure Hoard
Powers or Items used outside encounters
Way to prevent teleportation
Are there mechanics to make your own deities?
Magic Jar and Revenance?
Unarmed Attacks, animal forms and Natural Weapons
How exactly do potions and oils work?
Does ongoing damage stack?
Will using NPCs as allies overshadow my PCs?
How can I encourage my players to give me plot hooks?
How can I get Sharpie off my d6s?
What do I need to craft potions and oils?
Can an alchemical oil be used as a splash weapon?
Do you gain combat advantage from a flanking charge?
Can a breath weapon's area be willingly reduced?
Multiple attacks in a round (iterative attacks)
Handling "relevant knowledge" in Savage Worlds
Why even bother with XP?
Immediate actions during other actions
When does combat advantage end with push effects and deadly draw?
How do I survive the first five levels as an erudite?
Can I use a Combat Maneuver in place of an AoO?
Are there any rules for jumping/falling attacks such as jumping from a ledge or table?
Where can I get Traveller 5 and when?
How can I plan, prepare, and enforce an episodic structure?
How does the "Handle Animal" skill work during combat?
What are the limits of glamered armor?
Can a multiclassing Wizard/Magus cast a Wizard spell as a Magus spell?
Can AR decking be better than cold-sim VR?
Can you interrupt an action with a Ready Action?
Which skill check (if any) lets characters free themselves from rope bindings?
Difference between Athletics and Acrobatics?
How can I let one of my players secretly be a lot stronger than they know?
How can I make Corporate SINner worth the karma as a GM?
Can I use Sow Thought to make someone my servant?
Is this how to hide?
How can I avoid focusing too much on one player character?
Balancing Weapon/Armor in a varied group
Characters and combat mindset
Using Ghoul Army spell as am Oracle with the Tongues curse
What are established ways for playing a campaign based on a real-life environment?
Should drawing weapons involve an initiative roll when combat isn't going to happen?
Do enemies have the same rules for death as PCs?
How do Favored Classes work?
What is considered a special power for the Leadership feat?
How can I convince my D&D players to restart their characters?
How does the Multi-Weapon Fighting feat 'replace' the Two-Weapon Fighting feat?
Alternate, 2H, non-double use of quarterstaff?
How many creatures does Heavenly Fire target?
How can I keep a King busy?
Am I giving up too much with these Unearthed Arcana fighter variants?
Does a disguise check using magical aid take less time?
Best Healing Potion Possible
Intellego Imaginem - What feedback do I get from manipulating my sense of touch?
Is there a layer of the Abyss that is controlled by celestials?
Is the Hybrid Vampire any good?
Do all RPGs have critical failures, and which was the first?
How can we play up the full scope of "queer content" in Monsterhearts?
Where does the Transform Vampires/Werewolves into lawn furniture rote come from?
What is the "whiskey flask" problem with Paradox?
Animate Objects vs Animate Dead - is there anything stopping the Good-aligned 'Necromancer'?
Prestige Classes for a stealthy Barbarian/Rogue
How to deal with session-based effects in play by post?
Can a Fighter without multiple attacks use Two-Weapon Fighting?
Reconciling Conditions with Flaws?
Double weapons and switching hands
Are mortals from after the God-Machine rules update more powerful than before?
Recommended Tools and macros for Dark Heresy in Roll 20
Do all Spell Trigger items always require a Use Magic Device check?
Controlling animal companion in first round of combat
Can a Shaman Spirit Companion trigger the Shaman's own effects?
Is there a pattern for d8 dice?
What is the feasability of having substitute players?
Does Agile Opportunist work with reach weapons?
Essential Reading for New GM/DM
Can Persistent Tail be used defensively?
What do books have over the SRD?
How do casting times greater than 1 minute work?
Can I program myself to use Gunnery instead of any ranged-weapon skill?
How do I roleplay a journey?
How to handle some new NPCs who enter a fight in progress?
Sorcerer elemental bloodline ray SLA and +1damage per die (crossblood-wildblood)
Are there no more elemental planes in 4th Edition?
Might have found a "Rare" edition of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons?
How do slide, push and pull works for huge and gargantuan enemies?
Can a summoned monster be commanded to aid another?
Attacking an Illusion
Does Improved Overrun prevent AoO or not?
What kind of bonus is the hedgehog familiar armor bonus?
Can a cleric of Auril cast Flame Strike?
Maneuvers and Cleave
Pathfinder Lance Damage Ruling
To what extent can the open gaming license be used commercially?
Can a Swordsage become a Lich?
Celestial Commander Summoned Monsters
How would I make custom items into a set?
Frost weapon and implement attacks
Which benefits do Extreme Endurance bestow?
Does initiating a maneuver involving a skill check trigger attacks of opportunity?
Location generation system?
Is there an official rule set for unstable magic in D&D 3.5?
What is the definition of "hitting" when a move misses but still deals damage
Does the marked condition affect Secondary Attacks?
How to limit magical friendly fire risks during a fight
Is possible to Chain-Activate Pearls of Power?
Why do we call the class "Barbarians" instead of "Berserks" or "Berserkers"?
What tools can I use to help me calculate Damage in combat?
How much custom content is too much
Can a Bloodclaw Master stack Superior TWF with Improved/Greater TWF?
How to improve AC when it's so low that enemies hit on 3–5?
Resources for Creating a Home-Brewed Alchemy System Using Real World Herbs?
Is it possible to substitute actual items for the material components in spells?
How broken is Aid Another to individual skill checks?
Can Heighten Spell benefit a [Reserve] feat?
Can a spellcaster use spell slots above their normal limit if their ability scores allow bonus spells of that level?
How to handle player knowledge when they fumble a knowledge roll
Combining Swordsage and Broken One Substitution Levels
What tools are available to help me create creatures and NPCs?
Rangers making attacks with different melee weapons?
Does bonus damage from a feat apply to an ongoing damage effect?
How can I learn about other editions of D&D?
Do you provoke opportunity attacks when flying?
Chess Trap Variant
Is the Pathfinder FAQ considered RAW?
Better Rules for Breaking In with MET:VTR
Would an Empath/Telepath run afoul of the White Council's Laws of Magic?
Is there a plausible explanation for a large number of armed adventurers in a fantasy RPG setting?
How is reach interpreted in the Bestiary?
How reliable is the d20 PFSRD?
Creating new minor talents for an Empath/Telepath
How can I deal with the challenges a player having Mind-Reading represents without negating their ability?
Can the Oracle Mystery Brain Drain be used to gather surface thoughts?
Carrying Capacity and multipliers
When should a GM roll behind the GM Screen?
One of my players is too passive and uninterested
Can you use superior weapons without training?
How do I cast spells and determine damage?
Can flanking become irrelevant due to creature sizes?
What's with the Paladin's ranged powers? Do they provoke opportunity attacks?
What kind of action is an active Perception roll?
How do the 90° and 180° turns work while flying?
How does wild shape work when adjusting ability scores and performing natural attacks?
How does a character recover from the dying state on his own?
How does Stress work for characters with multiple Affiliation dice?
What are the details involved in rearing an animal?
Are the effects of the awaken spell permanent?
How are increases calculated when leveling up?
What options exist for a "divine bard" in D&D 3.5?
Can one push a wild animal using the Handle Animal skill?
Is there an item that prevents expending a power on a miss?
Can all 3 uses of Metamagic School Focus be used on the same spell?
Shapeshifter Villain travelling with Party
How many iterative attacks does an epic creature with class levels get?
How to add and use a luck stat?
How do I use acrobatics to move past foes and their threatened areas?
How can I create more compelling villains?
What does it take to throw a splash weapon?
Are there any rules or guidelines out there for in-game gambling in D&D 4e?
How can a Paladin be converted into an Anti-Paladin?
What to do when a player dislikes his character, that is vital for the story?
How does one trap a magic item?
How to get the most out of an encounter by combining foes
How to help a player to roleplay the character he created?
What are the consequences of different speeds of time interacting?
Does a character sleeping in mithral breastplate incur fatigue?
Designing a damage system for our rules
Is there a list of RPG jargon words?
What books should I buy to play with an average D&D group?
Diceless Pathfinder Combat Mechanic
Has anyone created or found stats for Lloyd Slate in the Dresden Files RPG?
What happens when Zombies are Slowed?
Is it possible to create undead with class levels?
How can you model giving skills in Kerberos Club FATE?
What simple and rules-light system can be used to play WH40k?
Which Necromancy Path would make my Giovanni more effective in combat?
Do secondary natural attacks get the entire strength modifier on the attack roll?
What books should I bring with me to my first gaming session?
How to chain a druid?
How do I plan out a character's growth in Pathfinder?
Do you add your strength modifier to touch spells?
Channelling Spells Through Implanted Ioun Stones
How can I roleplay a character more manipulative than myself?
Does Arcane Spell Failure Chance affect activated magic items?
What should I do about a not-so-good dungeon master?
Where does a temporary ability bonus count for in spellcasting?
A rollable automatic D&D 3.5 Treasure Table?
Is there a cross referenced DPR / build list, or optimized build list, somewhere?
How does Jacking Spells with unusual descriptors tied to Class Features work?
Good source book for wilderness/road encounters?
Recommendations for plots featuring div/daeva conspiracy to destroy civilization
What skill would be used when looking for an item that is among many items?
Can I take the same Daily Spell twice?
Ring of Rope of Climbing
Roleplay alignment in combat
Are having the D&D 4e books and errata sufficient to replace a subscription?
Where can I find resources to create a realistic castle dungeon?
Can I jump over monsters while using the charge jump granted by pouncing armor?
Alertness feat, Perception and being surprised
How do you choose treasure for encounters with creatures that drop treasure?
In Amber Diceless, what is the reason for the order of the Stat Auction?
What kind of steps can I take to avoid overwhelming a new, support-heavy party?
Flaw-provided feats VS class dips
How does the Climb skill work with a double move action?
Where are the rules about fire damage?
How does the Acrobatics long jump work with a double move action?
If someone has Reduce/Enlarge Person cast on them, does equipment picked up later (after the initial casting) resize?
How do I determine number of damage sources for calculating Damage Reduction?
How does "Skilled Companion" work in Dungeons and Dragons 4e
Does the Twin Eidolon's Summoner also share its Feats?
What software tools or websites are available for running RPG, grid-based combat?
What abilities can assist in a caster level check?
What does "one step away on each alignment axis" mean?
What do people mean when they say things are retroactive in Pathfinder?
Do Alchemists need sleep before preparing Extracts?
Tips to run engaging exploration in 4e
Responding to Opportunity Attacks with Snarling Wolf Stance
Maximum levels in AD&D 2nd Edition
Does Diamond Spray bypass DR/Magic?
How does Selective Spell influence magical disguises?
Can non-psionic classes use the Autohypnosis skill?
How does a PC get the Air Subtype for Improved Familiar?
What counts as a "non-attack" spell for the purposes of Sanctuary?
Project Image across immense distance?
Does the rogue Talent Underhanded count in the first regular round of combat?
Is there a directory of Optimization Handbooks for Legend?
Checklist of what a GM should cover when creating a campaign
Hero Lab : What are the +nn/+nn/+nn for?
Fate/Freeport as a first RPG?
Running a Game for a 2-man Party
Need info about the holidays of Hextor deity (Greyhawk setting)
Tome of Battle: Strikes and Weapon Properties
Variant Channeling half die rolls
How can I be more descriptive about actions and events in my game?
How does the underhanded talent work?
What happens to spells (buffs, curses, etc) that are active on you when you die?
Can I use Maneuvers out of combat?
FAE or Dungeon World as first game for kids, rusty DM?
Giving away too much information about alignment?
Forgot the name of a game I saw once - like Ars Magica, but more freeform
Are you flat-footed after taking an action but before your first turn?
Soulmelds and Wild Shape
I play a level 11 dwarf fighter in DnD 4e, is there any kind of loophole that would stop me from aging?
Defending a house against demons
Are undead immune to intimidate/demoralize
If a typically-mindless creature type gains an Intelligence score, does it retain immunity to mind-affecting effects?
How can I turn a tamed exotic animal into a mount?
Recommendations on edition or version for experienced D&D 2nd Edition players that haven't played in 10+ years
Druids - What is the meaning of revere nature?
How can a PC craft armor?
Wild Reaper (druid variant) skill priorities
Bardic Music with visual or silent performance types
Can Saving Shield and Bodyguard stack?
Is there a way to use Attacks of Opportunity while using Total Defense?
Is there any exisiting feature similar to this (poorly worded?) homebrew?
What kind of action is exactly to done a quickdraw shield?
What size is an Alchemist's Lab in PF?
What happens if my players capture a cultist at the start of Masks of Nyarlathotep?
In need of general tips for making more interesting and fun battles
Are swift actions allowed during surprise round
Is there anything in the RAW for replacing taught tricks for new ones?
Trouble with certain spell saving throws
Need help understanding the purchase of magic items
When awarding items as treasure, do I use the item's price or the price that a PC would be able to sell it for?
Where can I find the World's Largest Dungeon Actual Play podcasts
Transitioning from a long running successful campaign to a new game with the same group of players
How to become a good RPG player
What etiquette should a new player observe at the gaming table?
How to make the GMs job easier?
Can a spell with a Cylinder area of effect have its point of origin higher than the listed height?
Cloud Chariot: Movement abuse?
Dresden files movement rote
Does healer's lore work with powers that allow an ally to heal "as if it had spent a healing surge?"
Using biomancy on yourself as the caster
Truenamer's Knowledge Focus
Does the SR from Celestial Template and Spell Resistance stack?
Development Points in HARP
How long does a disguise last?
How attached should players be to the characters they make?
How can I get started on prop making?
Does an alchemist need make a Spellcraft check when he wants to copy a formula?
Blinding Barrage: Do you need ammo for each target?
What are the rules for ability score maximums?
Drow Spellcaster build for 1 vs 1 & 1 vs 2
SR 5 Commlinks required for Decker?
What's a GM to do when the party is intent on killing each other?
Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous Auzmezar's age at the fall of the Stonewilds 4621AR
Difference between a Tabletop RPG and Computer RPG?
What are some good stealth rules for D&D 3/Pathfinder
How to enjoy roleplaying a character again in play-by-post RP
When multiclassing, can you keep leveling up your original class?
The Shotgun Diaries - Allotted dice per risk
How many Fate points do NPCs have in an encounter?
How do the Ranger features Hunter's Quarry and Prime Shot work?
Living forever in D&D (via spells)?
Can I add Divine Favor damage to Two Weapon Fighting?
Feats to take for Paladin Dragon mount?
Moonlight stalker and wind stance interaction
What is "my guy syndrome" and how do I handle it?
Where Should I Start?
Can one take 10 on Knowledge rolls?
Can a wizard use wands and scrolls of spells from his prohibited schools of magic?
What risks are suited for a Dangerous survivor in the Shotgun Diaries?
The Shotgun Diaries - Gameplay on a map (detailed vs. high-level vs. none)
Does a weapon augment crystal grant its powers to a ranged weapon's ammo?
Handling encounters where the monsters aren't initially visible
Can the damage dealt by Slashing Wake be increased?
Does Petrifying Gaze special ability still work posthumously in D&D 3.5/Pathfinder?
Do I need to buy the Dungeons and Dragons 4th Edition Red Box
Can the Heroes of Something books replace the PHB?
D&D 4e monk Spider Technique
I have never played a role-playing game before. How do I start?
If a character teleports more than 2 squares while hidden, do they need to reroll stealth with a -5 penalty?
What direction do you go if you push yourself?
Evil Friend Ruining Campaigns
Dealing with Mana Barriers in Shadowrun
Windows application for Pathfinder combat
Using Rot of Ages to enable sneak attacks
What are Planes in Pathfinder?
Can you designate your craft, perform, or profession skill even if you have no ranks in it?
How does RPS probability impact game flow?
When crafting with the ironwood spell, are the effects permanent?
Earth height-maps, with adjustable sea/fog level
Help w/Character Sheet: What are ability modifiers and how do I calculate them?
Can polymorph any object affect an abomination?
How do you deal with a DM who says "no" to everything?
D&D4e Thri-Kreen Chameleon Chitin
Should a new player call out a "bad" GM?
How does metamagic feats interact with each type of casters?
How to represent an "Abhorsien," "Speaker for the Dead," or "Shepherd of Souls" type of theme?
What is a good gaming system to convert RIFTS RPG into?
What type of action is hiding in plain sight?
What can I afford without any Resources in the New World of Darkness?
Does the Relic merit preclude needing the Resources to afford it?
Are the elf races really so bad?
Is the mistborn adventure game based on another system?
Did having a 'Caller' player positively influence the gameplay in Moldvay's Basic D&D?
Why is Resistance not a mage spell?
Does Tremorsense work across pits, chasms, and other gaps?
In RAW how does a radius effect deal with obstructions?
What are the drawbacks to staying in hybrid form constantly?
Riddles in a game
Can you use the pounce ability during a surprise round
Roleplaying game without (first person) violence?
How can I examine the distribution of successes-counting mixed dice pools?
What good is GP?
Where to find recordings of serious Fate Core campaigns?
How much should a "button of Cure Light Wounds" cost (should it be available at all?)
Cut off hand with Ring of Regeneration on it
How to model an ability to enhance other's abilities in Strange Fate?
Where are example Unique Devil stat blocks?
Is there anything that stacks with the haste spell or speed enchantment
How do I Raise the Dead and Look Good Doing it?
PC build - Beguiler/Wizard/Ultimate Magus
What are the upsides of Changeling Wizard's Dual Specialization ACF?
How should the party heal up between encounters?
Two-weapon fighting with inappropriately small off-hand whip
What ammo does a launcher-type regimental favored weapon come with?
Are hand grenades the same as the ammunition for grenade launchers?
What would be the weight of the Tome of the Unicorn?
Does an invisible creature trigger an opportunity attack if it makes a ranged attack
Pathfinder Cavalier Order of the Tome and Scribe Scroll
Does the shooting into melee penalty apply for ranged touch spells?
Is there an in-setting explanation for the existence of religion in Eberron?
How can I contribute as a wizard at low levels?
Where can I buy a good, but cheap D&D board?
Healing a PC with spell resistance
How can I expand my crit ranges in D&D 4e?
Dealing with "fearless" players
Does the spellcasting service for a town also determine what kinds of magic items are available?
How do Stabilize and Bleed work on those with Negative Energy Affinity?
I want to have elite troop of undead, but which undead?
Are there metamagic feats for martial manuevers?
D&D character levels and population - Is the Fifty Percent Rule valid?
Leaping Flame versus different enemy's actions
How to be a Dungeon Master?
How to Format a DM's Notebook for an Open World Game
Swift action spell scrolls
CBLoader : Character sheet has skills like fishing, farming, and actor. How do I remove them?
What are good tools for converting an entire setting to different systems?
Where can I find actual play examples of skill challenges?
Making monks better but not broken
Making Games Seem Late Middle Ages/Early Renissance
Shadowrun 5e breakdown/tutorial
How can I design beyond "one-solution" obstacles?
How does Wizard spell preparation deal with non-spell powers?
What should be in a players' campaign overview document?
How to fix a terrible lapse in judgement
How does Changeling Disguise affect your allies?
When randomly determining a town's magic items, are items like scrolls and potions hand picked?
A modern-SF, non-transhumanist, simulationist-leaning game?
Does the Rules Compendium overrule the core books?
Should I ask my mates to give me some money when I craft wondrous objects for them?
How do you measure time in Dungeons and Dragons 4th ed?
Blood Obsessed Character with Weaponized Blood?
Can other casters use an Artificer's Magic Items (without UMD)?
How to handle a shying horse mount as GM?
What are the rules for switching an animal companion and how exactly are they summoned?
What does the caster level refer to in the magic items?
How can I portray the Spring Court as more than a lust-crazed rabble?
Is the NDA for DnDNext still in Effect?
Does defense bonus from class increase as you level up?
Differing expectations on fight or flight
Do fighters have to meet level requirements for feats they take using fighter bonus feats?
Are PC powers only used once per encounter?
How do I run a skill challenge?
Exploring ocean depths: is pressure an issue? Should it be?
How to ensure that players don't forget they're always in a microgravity environment
How do I purchase the Gift merit for different tiers of mystery?
Does a rogue get precision damage during an attack of opportunity if flanking?
If I mark a target as a battlemind do I need to stay within 1 square of the marked target?
Written Example of Pure AD&D 1e Combat
What is the motivation for a druid to go adventuring
What are the advantages and pitfalls of the Wilder class as compared to other psionic classes?
Metagaming when there isn't actually anything there?
How do the Armour and Weapon mustering out benefits work?
Custom Team for Fighting in an Arena
How can I make a high level magus fail a will save?
How much does a magical weapon cost in DnD 4e?
Where to get mapmaking software for Mac?
When does a character get fatigued?
How can I get my wizard to cast low-level spells spontaneously?
How would a 7th level wizard defend his shop?
What was it like growing up through the Dungeons and Dragons moral panic?
Do my opponents get a penalty to see me if I sneak up from behind?
Explosive Missile Discovery + Heavy Crossbow
Are there any builds for dual wielding sickles?
How can I reduce crunch for my players without putting all pressure on the GM?
D&D4e monk nova round
What feats should I take to optimize a dragon shaman grappler?
Cornugon Smash, Shatter Defenses: how many attacks do I need to activate the combo?
Can one Wild Shape into a Swarm?
How can a Level 1 Mage be useful to the group?
Are a deity's rank and class levels co-dependent?
How can I increase the DC of venom
How do antimagic fields protect locations?
D&D4e Thri-Kreen Claws without weapon/implement keyword
How to approach sexual violence so that it adds to the narrative?
In Fantasy Craft what rolls always succeed on natural 20; fail on natural 1?
Can my wizard conjure a bedroll so that I don’t have to carry a sleeping mat?
Rogue daily power Profit from Weakness
What's the best class to choose with high Con and low Strength?
What level are spells from an oracle's mystery?
How do Incarnate-class chakra binds interact with Warforged armour?
What are good resources for playing Lizardfolk characters?
What is the background of Christian resistance to role-playing?
Throwing versatile weapons two-handed?
Can a stunned character do anything at all?
Daylight vs Bright Illumination vs Shadowy Illumination
Can a wizard cast spells while paralyzed?
What could replace the fear of dying in a spirit world?
Can a PC be any monster from the MM?
How can I create a Cleric that uses grappling moves and martial arts?
Making skill-based feats attractive
How do you determine the challenge rating of an encounter in 4e?
D&D 4e Stealth Ambush Question
Good sources for creating a poison and blackmail-based character? P&P
At what level should you start players joining an ongoing game?
Is there a garment worn under armor that boosts AC by one in Pathfinder?
How to present players with options without railroading them?
Trait maximums for Werewolves
Is D&D 4e supposed to have really easy skill checks?
Show off your Character Sheet Designs
Simulating samurai duels in Pathfinder
Where can I learn Marvel Heroic Roleplay?
Can you get the benefit of Last Legion Officer without spending a healing surge?
When a wizard is damaged below zero hit points from lethal damage, does he lose the spells that he has prepared?
What sort of check should be used for my frenzy ability's stay-in-control aspect?
How should I handle retconning (or not) a session with a drunk player and character deaths?
What is the difference between non-dimensional space and extra-dimensional space?
What describes the portion of the social contract that describes explicitly-permitted controversial themes?
Where can I advertise for players for my play-by-post game?
What feats grant both weapon proficiency and bonus damage, without a race requirement?
Mage the Awakening: magic map creation arcana involved
Does Damage Resistance count twice for different types of damage?
Balancing Spellcasters; Spontaneous Casters versus Prepared Casters
Ways for a Sorcerer to cast Spells he doesn't "know"
ROF, Auto, Ammo and Shots
Does Power Pact of Spirit Pact quality use character or spirit ability?
Does Damage Reduction Stack?
What to model the behavior of D&D's chaotic evil Orcs on?
How do Feats work?
If we can exchange one feat per level up, then can those feats be racial or class feats?
Do wild shaping druids gain the senses of the new form?
Why is a dice roll required when doing a creature hp check?
How to read creature attack stats and defense stats
How do creature skills affect combat
How do I convert traps from older modules to fit D&D 5e?
How to handle player weapon modification
Stain Upon the Soul and Unconventional Wound Ranks
Can players join mid-game?
Why can't I play cards on another challenge?
What is the difference between a Subplot and a Goal?
Android app (or website) to simulate terrain and miniatures?
Will D&D Adventures have International access?
What is the Magic Damage Die (MDD)?
D&D4e Ghostwalker: concealment when adjacent and hitting
Flowing Monk + Reposition
Have any systems incorporated Avatar: The Last Airbender?
True necromancer, caster level and animate dead
How do you play D&D when we don't have dice to play with?
How can I update my WFRP 1e character to 2e?
Is there a free character builder for D&D 4e on Mac?
D&D editions where Halflings can see in the dark?
Do prestige class levels advance an Ardent's number of mantles assumed?
Does the BAB of a prestige class add to the BAB from my starting class?
Can you have a shark companion out when not in water?
How can a land-based Druid have a Shark (or aquatic) animal companion?
Pathfinder Build for OCD/Mysophobic Elf
Can I Take Advantage of both a Versatile Weapon and Swordmage Warding?
Concentration check DC for Bardic Music
Hide check penalty when under effect of light spell?
How do prestige classes work for half-elves?
How do I develop cryptic tomes in D&D 3.5?
Sniping: How Does It Work?
Can you pass an entire surprise round?
Is the Player's Handbook sufficient to run a campaign?
Will there be D&D Insider content & features for D&D 5e?
Size of a campaign world?
Do I Have to take a Power's Extra Benefit Granted by my Class Feature?
How to handle skill checks between players?
How do characters enter the Shadows?
On-death triggers and minions
Are there any ways for a Swift Hunter build to get Movement+Full Attack in a round besides Travel Devotion and Shadow Pounce?
Can a creature choose to inflict less damage?
Small Poisonous Monsters
Intelligent items with explosive runes
Does a dominated monster deal sneak attack (or other bonus) damage to itself?
Dark Creature template, and derivative speeds
Is there a directory of optimisation handbooks for D&D 3.5?
How does one determine damage when using the feat Leap Attack?
First Aid (Grant 2nd Wind) question
How can you become a tree?
Can a character sharpen their teeth to give themselves a bite attack?
Should I allow a Wondrous Item on level 1 character creation?
Is an arrow destroyed when used successfully as an improvised melee weapon?
Would multiple daggers, strapped to a character blades-out, count as multiple attacks?
What effect would removing the confirmation roll have on the game?
What items/feats improve the bonus from Total Defense?
Can you use Spring Attack while flying instead of taking Flyby Attack?
What kind of miniature bases should I buy?
Are there any feats that allow a non-barbarian character to use rage?
My ranger has tamed an absurd number of Animal Companions with Handle Animal
What are "tiers", and what tier is each class?
How can a non-epic spellcaster create a Colossal animated object?
How do the Planar Shepherd's features interact with the Outlands?
Migration from MERP to Rolemaster
Can you miss on purpose with Wormhole plunge?
D&D 5e and "Theatre of the Mind" in combat
How is an 'enemy' defined for the purpose of spell targeting?
Benefits for eating good food
Is Good or Evil alignment based on the perception of the creature?
What languages makes the most effective druid
Are there melee builds that can keep up with well-played tier 1 casters?
What happens when you use a continuous power in an array and then switch to a different power?
How Does Warforged Superiority Work?
How does the Shardmind race interact with the Self-Forged Paragon Path?
Change an item with a daily use into intervals per day
How can a Druid Wild Shape into Outsiders?
Where can I play D&D 4E by forum?
When does The Drop apply to ranged attacks?
What is the "Reconstruction" trait in reference to Pathfinder Elans?
Getting a PC back up during the dying state
How Do I Adjust The Star Wars: Saga Edition Challenge Level Formula for More Players?
What does a D&D 3.5 druid get as a result of size changes during wild shape?
I'm getting Trapfinding from Rogue and Scout, what can I trade one of them for?
Can you take a standard action, an action that counts as a move action, and a 5-foot step in 1 turn?
Does Demoralizing an opponent with the Intimidate skill provoke an attack of opportunity?
Is giving a kobold a weapon considered a marriage proposal?
RPGs about human commandos fighting aliens like in X-Com?
Pathfinder CR Calculator Single Player
Magic Item Creation Prerequisite Rules
Are the Clerics of Pelor supposed to be celibate?
How can an evil cleric hide his alignment?
Can I Skip the Shift and Slide from Luring Strike's Hit?
How Powerful is a Swordmage's Swordbond?
How much more XP should a 3-PC party get?
How to have a game in which one player character is the leader but it's still fun for everyone?
What spells can a Shugenja cast?
Game with living guns and bullets
Does Stout apply to the secondary end?
Is it possible to take cyphers out of the Cypher System?
Does Dawn awaken creatures sleeping because of magic or poison?
Having early access to Wild Shape but being able to Wild Shape into animals
Running inside of a building or dungeon
Playing a blinded character in low levels
Rulings/Usage on Abrupt Jaunt
How does Flyby Attack work?
Can a cleric choose to channel damage or healing in a case by case basis?
What do the skills listed in the starship block do?
SR5 Master/Slave and Firewall for Decker
Are all player characters in Gamma World expected to wear armor?
What happens when the feat Born of the Three Thunders modifies thunderhead?
If a touch spell misses, can it be retried until it hits?
If holding the charge on a touch spell, does getting hit do anything?
How to GM a haunted house?
How can a wizard maximize the area of bursts and blasts?
Can a ready action be a combination of actions?
How is the price of a magic weapon or armor determined if it's enhanced some more later?
Combining the Human Bonus At-Will Power option with Essentials classes
Is it reasonable/role-playable to build a Cloistered Cleric / Fighter Gestalt?
Does helpless confer a penalty on ability checks?
Werewolf: The Forsaken auspice names etymology
What to do with a Lizardfolk with high Str/Con/Cha?
What are the implications of letting a player skip the Save Ends on effects?
Ways to minimize the negative effects of miniature use on immersion
How can I substitute bonus XP in a non-XP campaign?
When designing a campaign plot, how can I test it for complexity?
Learning powers from Power Stones
How to improve my fast-paced scene
Werewolf: the Apocalypse auspice name etymologies
Ways to solve balance problems with a Master Summoner
Wolf trip on hit during an attack of opportunity
Assassin multiclass feat for Shade Form
Mithril Breastplate + Armor Expert seems ridiculous
Pathfinder: can a ghost wear armor?
When are fate points spent to invoke when using the defend action?
How does weight affect the game?
Can a melee opportunity attack be taken with a ranged weapon?
Which edition of RuneQuest advances skills through use?
What alignment would the Ancient Roman civilisation have been?
If a character is stunned at the same time they're granted an attack, what happens?
Does a Dread negate its own immunity to fear?
Can you be afraid if you're dead?
How to make wolf rider character?
What is the largest possible melee critical range in Dungeons and Dragons 3rd or 3.5 edition?
How to tame a wild animal?
In Dawn of Defiance: The Traitor's Gambit, when do the PCs level?
Should this encounter have been this easy?
In a Sci Fi game, how do I keep the team together when one is "netrunning"?
How do I foster enjoyment in the type of make-believe required in RPGs in a child who isn't old enough to play RPGs?
Skill to recognize cleric domains and what spells appear on them?
Wild Shaping into creatures of different sizes and hit dice than printed
What to do in the first session of a campaign?
Centaurs, do they have control of their bodily functions?
Is there a name for the standard 7-die set?
Why does the Drone Rigger Archetype Character in the Rulebook not have a RCC?
What should a PC expect when having an encounter with higher level monster?
How do I create a "mole"-ish campaign?
Rules on moving a double hackbut
How do I deal with playing in an ultra-specialized party that is using a different playstyle than my own?
What happens if a Rainbow Servant takes levels in Mystic Theurge?
Spontaneous casters spell swap
What roleplaying system has rich espionage elements that can be incorporated into another game?
What are the gambling games in the "Black Box" edition of Basic D&D?
How do I use AnyDice with Classic World of Darkness / 20th Anniversary?
Is there a list of playable races with a fly speed?
Magic items that grant initiative bonuses?
Do weapon damage types have any extra effects?
Is Swarm Attack an action?
How would the Dragonborn transformation affect Grafts, Deformities, and other non-racial physical traits?
How can I get players to realize that their enemies aren't evil?
How do I handle PCs with 1 or 2 intelligence?
Is my finger a light weapon?
What feats can I use to get a companion of any sort?
Clever ways to reduce an encounter CR
Should a gm be critical on movement with armor equipped?
Do monster close and area attacks affect allies by default?
What is the best way to retroactively fix a mistake? (2 shields)
How do I make a touch attack?
Attack of Opportunity with ranged weapons
Does a bonus to "all defenses" include AC, too?
What is needed to start playing D&D (minimal)
How long does healing wounds with the medicine aptitude take?
Are non-concentration spells dismissable?
How long does it take for a hippogriff egg to hatch?
Rules for Classic World of Darkness Abomination?
What happens when you combine Deft Strike and Ghostwalker Style?
Is a 'double move' one action or two, for the purpose of things triggering off ending movement?
How to handle PC's buying companions/animals
How do I read the challenge level in Dawn of Defiance's encounters?
How can I discharge a touch spell on an attack without provoking an AoO?
is there a quick way to easily set up a pen and paper game online
Upkeep of a fortress?
What exactly are "regular" and "normal" movement, and what counts as each?
How to make a fake fortune teller?
Does the Cloistered Cleric's skill list include the original Cleric's skills?
Is there a mount storage item in D&D 4th edition?
How much food is considered substantial?
What happens when Animal Companions and Familiars hit 0 hp or less?
Is 4 hours long enough for a long rest for Elves?
How to create a useful bird companion?
How to create a Poké Ball-like item?
How should I handle PCs using a humanoid creature for a living shield?
Does Damage Reduction Stack In Pathfinder?
The Sea of Shadow before the 3rd Maelstrom
Does D&D Next or Dead in Thay have rules for equipping new PCs above level 1?
Do Weapon of the Gods and Seldarine Dedicate form a combo?
How can I make the players think outside their normal selves?
Players playing weird characters breaking the immersion of my group
How to deal with a blind pursuit?
My party is leveling far too quickly in Thunderspire Labyrinth
Can magic items be combined, and how many at once?
Unsheathing a weapon from a Handy Haversack
Using a weapon made for a creature smaller than yourself, but of your size?
Does D&D 5e have rules for gaining experience from gold?
Any Druid class variants that replace Animal Companion without degrading Wild Shape?
Being woken up in GURPS
How to make my mount travel more in one day
How can I create a D&D 4e Ranger that never misses ranged attacks?
What race is most similar to a cat?
How do I determine feats for a new character?
Puzzles vs the Swordsage
Are Rakshasas supported as a playable race?
What is Cold Iron actually?
Can Paragon Surge stack with itself for the purpose of temporary feats?
Would motivating a Stout Pacifist to join a war be a Compel or Invoke?
Does the Druid's prohibited armor rule affect abilities gained from Prestige Classes?
What is the world population of sixth world in 2075?
How to determine PC genetics in D&D for the purpose of creating 2nd generation PC's
Slayer Weapon Specialization with More Weapon Groups
What does a club of size Large or bigger cost?
Is Armor:1 from Inhuman Toughness and a Kevlar shirt cumulative?
Compatability of Dread and Delta Green
Need a Mental Challenge
Rules for running a cult
Can I use my newly gained limited-use ability right after leveling up?
What are the specifications for the "Vansaya" crossbow in Sandpoint?
How do I make a good narrative campaign in Dungeon World?
How can I keep my campaign challenging when dealing with players of vastly different skill levels?
Gold from monsters with "NPC gear" in Pathfinder?
Longhand Student, Spirited Rider, Deft Hurler Style
What can a Planar Shepherd attuned to the Beastlands turn into?
What constitutes a "story game"?
Does the taint in my aura from Diablerie ever fade?
Can players remove curses from their cursed items?
Command Undead on creatures who are under command of an NPC
Do creatures from other planes typically travel into the material plane?
How to balance Celerity against other powers in 20th Anniversary
Does using Discern Location or Wish to determine something's location also provide information on how to get there?
When using a fate point to create an aspect, do you have to spend another to invoke it?
How can I GM and play a PC without spoiling the fun?
Can a Teleport be one-way?
Are class feature Powers At-Will Powers?
Is there an expanded Draconic bloodline for sorcerers?
In a gestalt with two different manifesting classes, how do power points work?
Are there any good guides on how to roleplay, regardless of system?
What methods are there to remove, prevent, or otherwise safeguard from penalties from Light Blindness?
How to calculate transportation costs by sea in Rise of the Runelords?
How can I plan a TPK finale that doesn't look planned?
Why is a Blaster Rifle worth more than a Blaster Carbine?
Is XP earned every time one acts according to one's alignment?
Charging with multiple vanguard weapons
Gestalt character granted the same class feature twice at the same level
Are the bonuses from the Belt of Physical Perfection and similar items temporary?
How are programming tests supposed to be adjudicated?
Minimum Feat of Strength throwing weight
Are there negative modifiers for moving and making a range attack?
How to raise the largest possible zombie (undead) army
Does the feat Point-Blank Shot and similar feats affect ranged touch attack spells?
Minimum cost for a ghoul retainer?
Can you heal a split black pudding?
How can I represent significant racial abilities?
How combat-heavy is Rise of the Rune Lords?
Are the Lying, Charm, and other manipulation skills opposed rolls?
How to get around being unable to read with blindsight
Do blindsight and X-ray vision work together?
Is there a story to guide my class choices for all 4e classes?
Precision Damage and Damage Reduction clarification
Does thaumaturgy at "Evocation's Methods and Speed" inflict stress like Evocation does?
Can subdual damage be used to Sunder?
How to manage a mute PC?
When smashing an object, do you subtract the hardness every time?
Does there exist a Detect Deity Spell
Can the GM compel their own NPCs?
Can situational aspects describe the same thing as consequences?
Odds of Tzeentch's Curse in Mass Battles port
In Moldvay's Basic D&D, should the Thief roll twice to find a trap?
Does Haunting Mists deal Wisdom damage once, or repeatedly?
Can I Have More than One Tenser's Floating Disk?
Can a character without limbs use the monk's abilities
Can you hijack a Tenser's Floating Disk by killing the caster and taking his body?
Acquiring non-class skills for which untrained checks aren't allowed after character creation
What's a good adventure to begin a level 1 D&D 4E campaign?
How to create a hard challenge for my group?
How can I help players' bookkeeping as a GM?
In Moldvay's Basic D&D, how much time does it take to do something?
Why do clerics need wisdom?
How do you actually crawl through a dungeon in online play?
What explanation do the D&D devs have for designing spontaneous casters to lose out on a spell level compared to prepared casters?
Making a character who gets stronger as he/she takes damage
How do you enforce "niche protection" in one-shots with multiple PC options?
Pathfinder Cleric Domains: How exactly do they work?
General Gold value of XP
Dungeon designing and 4E; how to avoid having too many combat encounters?
What is the maximum altitude an Aerodyne can fly?
Can a Player Character create and use diseases or traps?
How to get players to accept DM rulings?
When and how many times can a cleric attempt to turn undead?
DnD 3.5 Two-Weapon fighting sneak attack
How many skills do I start with?
How do I let characters share knowledge only they know?
Did I roll this character correctly?
How to deal with a player who doesn't understand party roles?
Are there no planar dragons in the Peaceable Kingdoms of Arcadia?
How can I optimize playing a sentient wolf?
How should I stat very powerful artifacts that the party acquires too early?
Breaking Masterwork Weapons/Armor
Is there a "furry" disadvantage for Kitsune/Kitsu?
How are the Planes in 4e connected?
Is Magic Armor with an Enhancement Bonus over 4 Automatically Masterwork Armor?
Play as a Dragon with Special and Supernatural Abilities
What do I consider when populating D&D 4E Dungeons?
What are the planes of D&D 4e? Where did they come from, and how are they connected?
Are there "Good" goblins?
What Feats do I want to take to maximize my effectiveness with a crossbow?
Take your opponent's weapon
Where can I find a complete timeline of the history of Points of Light?
Anywhere I can find more magic item sets for 3.5e?
Running an RPG with fast Drop-In-Drop-Out capability for an open day
How fast do PCs tend to level?
Which level would be appropriate for this homebrew Mass Dimensional Anchor?
Full Round Actions with poor/average flying
Does a GM ever want to kill the player characters?
How can I optimize storytelling for a Pathfinder game with a party group in flux
Converting Saving Throws from AD&D to D&D Next
How do I make a large organization of villains memorable or likeable?
How do I avoid railroading in dungeons?
How can I convert some of LotR's main characters to D&D 4e?
How to create a Number Puzzle?
Can I select the same feat twice for Critical Mastery?
Does Spell Perfection double the bonus dice from Intensified Spell?
Build A Better Swarm
Critical Strikes and auto-confirmation
Making a combat-ready familiar?
Is physical contact still a problem for samurai if it's in private between family?
What sort of behaviors would an Intelligence of 2 dictate for an animal?
As a Gnome Bard in a Pathfinder Campaign, is there any way to obtain the Fire Music Feat without Multi-Classing?
Creating an Advantage on existing aspects: differences between FAE and Fate Core?
How to design battle between characters of different scales (e.g. mecha vs. infantry)?
How do I make a D&D 3.5e veteran get used to the 4e roleplaying style?
Is an out of sight enemy a problem for Warlock's Curse?
What is Break Enchantment actually useful for?
Will Eladrin Boots and Gloves of Dimensional Repulsion enhance teleports created by Walk Among the Fey?
What are the key in-setting differences between D&D Oriental Adventures and L5R?
When does a surprise round start?
How do I calculate the attack bonus(es) for Flurry of Blows?
What is the difference between Deadlands Classic and Savage Worlds + Deadlands Reloaded?
Is it possible to betray the party in D&D?
How can I design rooms and encounters for a "natural" dungeon?
Defensive Aid replacing Evasion. Optional?
How many Hit Dice of undead creatures are destroyed with turn undead?
Pathfinder player character folio. BAB calculation
Why can you move with Cat & Mouse before Flurry of Blows, off the same triggering event?
Where can I find free digital dungeon tiles?
How do multiple attacks by a monster work?
How much XP do monsters or NPCs have for spending on spells and item creation?
DND 3.5 Alternate Alignment System
What is wrong with the Truenamer?
What happened to Nerull in 4e?
If the Raven Queen claimed Nerull's portfolio, why doesn't she preside over souls in an/the afterlife?
Why did the gods take the Raven Queen's authority over the dead?
How can I convert a creature's tactical size to real life measurements?
How to enhance Witch Hexes?
How can my drow-blooded half-elf overcome light blindness?
What is the correct price of mithral?
How does a Demon detect a Linchpin?
In Dungeon World, does rolling a 6- when casting a spell cause the spell to be revoked or forgotten?
Considering Complex Dice Roll Probabilities
Easy-to-learn GM-less system with flexible group size, for fantasy, urban fantasy, or sci-fi?
Breaking up the Plasma Drive Propulsion
What happens if a Teleportation Circle destinations moves?
What bloodline should I choose for a character I want to turn into an arcane trickster?
Can a Warlock Selectively Curse Anyone they can See?
Can I choose to increase the casting time of a spell?
Starting Percentage for Native Language?
Spell Rays and Reach-applied touch attack: delivery and onlooker perception
What are the RAW for Spellsong
What edition of D&D should I introduce new, role-playing heavy, Argentinian gamers to?
How much can ambushers do before losing the advantage of surprise?
Does Favored Soul turn you into an angel?
Skill Challenges, how much are my players supposed to know?
Can I use "Heroic Effort" benefit with a reroll?
Beginner DM questions: Exploration and skill-checks
How do I read the 2[W] and 'at level X' of attack cards?
Getting laid in the Dark Ages
What is a good way of managing status effects in medium-size encounters in D&D 3.5?
What is the most important stat for an arcane duelist bard?
In D&D 4e, can you use Dual Weapon Attack on a Charge?
My campaign uses old item rules. How to implement the change to Essentials items?
Goring Charge Monk Optimization
How do I know who can see me when I'm invisible?
What is the best epic destiny for me?
Pathfinder Cavalier looking to make an all rounder build
What happens after level 30?
Does Blood and Smoke invalidate previous Vampire books?
In which books can I read about the supernal realms?
What determines max skill rank?
Gaining XP for failures
How should I handle a PC's pack of animals?
Why is interrogating done with roll+CHA instead of +STR?
What happens when an Uruk gets an elvish sword?
How can I make of Savage Worlds a more Dungeon Crawl based experience?
Can a character use VR to block noise which prevents her from sleeping?
Can weapons have multiple energy enchants?
Is giving players extra HP based on their level going to unbalance my game?
How do I play a quiet, lone wolf character but also engage my group?
Is grappling symmetrical?
How do I DM the Red Box encounter 4: The Trial?
How do I calculate dice probability in the A Song of Ice and Fire system?
Temporary HP on missed attack
Do dragonmark spell-like abilities add to Sorcerer's spells known?
What exactly is the goal of a Rogue Trader Game?
I want to take part!
How to make a battery in M&M?
What major changes will 5e bring in the Forgotten Realms campaign setting?
How does strength affect a Brown Bear's bite damage?
Tips for fleshing out towns on a Dungeon Centered Campaign?
How do I tailor a Solo Monster for 1st level characters on D&D Next?
How do you Create a Campaign?
Can One Benefit from an Action Point after a Charge?
Is it even worth playing a monster class in 3.5?
Can you make items with a "misc" or "unnamed" bonus to an ability score?
Any tips for running more action based and less tactical encounters?
Why are there no bonus cantrips for high ability scores?
How to communicate with your summons?
Is withdrawing from close combat a free action in SWD?
Zombie damage in SWD?
Official SW gaming aids compatibility with SWD
Dual Wielding Daggers with Bucklers
Is there a way to get spellcraft skill levels without dedicating class levels?
Should mental conditions on character creation be given some kind of compensation?
Does a character hit with Drow Poison always have to attempt the 2nd Fortitude Save?
How does Delay Poison interact with Drow Poison?
Adding the Reliable Keyword
Specialties and weapon types
Software to simulate battles for testing out house rules
How do saving throws work with Gestalt?
Is my DM being fair?
Can experiences in-game give Merits? Can Merits be used to purchase others?
Are undead mounts considered "evil"?
Secure a letter/scroll against opening (low levels)
Magical Tool Bonuses
Is this Amulet of Mage Armor and Shield legit according to the rules?
Should a quest completed be its own reward?
How do I include their character bio without controlling their past?
Penalties to running long distances outside of combat?
What happens if a shugenja takes the Multiple Schools advantage to join another shugenja school?
Modern occult game focused around dragon characters
What rules say that summoning undead is evil, and what rules say why?
Having one player play multiple characters in Kerberos Club Fate?
How can I acquire free two-player D&D Basic/Expert adventures?
Which book describes the origins of the Fae?
Can I cast Elemental Touch and Shocking Grasp?
Is there a "Megaphone" spell?
Looking for cost to make a very specific weapon in D&D 3.5e
Contracts for changing someone else into a creature?
How do I balance the starting equipment of my players?
How can the Relationship of Golarion Inhabitants to Deities be described?
Is it possible to cast 3rd level Arcane spells at level 3?
How to tackle heavy sphere redundancy?
Highlander in the World of Darkness using Geist
My party doesn't want to get rid of an unbalanced house rule
Why is Magic so hard?
Do pre-made Traveller 5 adventures exist, in the book or separately?
Pathfinder Magic Item Creation Limits
Can astral entities get around mana barriers via the metaplanes?
How can an epic level cleric survive the first round of melee combat using only SRD?
Is a Hellknight honor bound to challenge a Paladin to a duel?
How much strength-based damage does a Quadruped eidolon's add to a bite attack?
Can someone agree (under duress) to forego a saving throw and can you tell if they comply or not?
Arcane Hierophant Variant: Archivist prestige class creation
How can relatively low-level characters get an idea of what's behind the door?
Can Asmodeus' AD&D and 3.5e backgrounds be merged without losing anything?
How large would a Strix's wingspan be?
Does the number of unarmed strikes increase with BAB or limbs?
How should I lie to the party about my character's race?
Pathfinder Magic Item Crafter Build Guide
How to build a blaster/damage wizard or sorcerer in 3.5e?
How to build a blaster/damage wizard or sorcerer in Pathfinder?
How to manage unarmed combat?
Pathfinder Improved familiar bonuses?
What is the caster level of a wondrous item's effects?
Dresden Files RPG: Can Spells Mimic or Replace other Skills?
Can sneak attack damage from Wracking Touch be used to power spellthief abilities?
Does the charge held for a touch attack count as a spell effect?
How many times can a paladin use Lay on Hands per day?
If the weapon for divine bond is already magic, can a paladin add Keen to it at 5th level?
What exactly is blackfire?
What's a good way to deal with Random Encounters inside Dungeons?
What is a Domino effect?
When do mortals get a chance to sense a vampire's nature?
unsettling cold rage feature in 3.5 or PF
How to stat up and judge the challenge of supernatural NPCs
Pathfinder Spark of Creation and Hedge Magician discounts
Gunslinger's Dodge and Dropping Prone
How can I permanently increase my Dexterity ability score?
What are the limits to the potions a Master Alchemist can make?
What is inspiration?
How to optimize a rogue for highest attacks/round and damage/attack?
Tips for a Lazy and Time-short DM to randomly populate dungeons?
What is a ghoul's personality?
Looking for a specific group set of magic boots
What are the major differences between the final playtest package and D&D 5e Basic?
Free Basic-Rules-only adventure to showcase D&D 5e
What are the stand-out features of D&D 5e?
What are the "rules of hidden club" for D&D 5th edition?
Enemies AoO generate AoOs? AoOs for non-beginners, understanding Karmic Strike and Robilar's gambit
When a spell affects a burst centered on the caster, does moving into or out of the burst change who is affected?
What if a divine spell targets "allies" and your allies aren't who you think they are?
Holy brawler for Wrath of the Righteous
Do you lose your prestige class features when you no longer meet its requirements?
When teaching D&D 5e basic to players of previous editions, which terms have new meanings that will likely lead to confusion?
Is there a Simplified Combat for WoD 20th Anniversary?
Using a NPC to fill a vacant role in the party
Where do you install a Cybersnake?
Does a hit to a stabilized character count as a death saving failure?
How do I Block or Defend in DFRPG? Can the following Blocking & Defense Actions Examples be Critiqued/Verified?
How do I copy and paste from the Basic D&D rules?
How many power points do I gain from Psionic Talent?
AoOs against the same enemy on his turn?
Where does the elven "trance" come from?
How can a goblin attack and hide in the same turn?
AoOs against the same enemy on his turn in 3.5?
Does a Technomancer get the full benefits of his wireless gear?
How to optimize this rogue´s knockout combo?
Nymph's Kiss and the Relationship
Which system to support a grim world of low fantasy?
How can I make the daily lives of the PCs interesting?
How does a Technomancer protect his (and especially his team's) gear?
Feats for choosing two physical Skills as Class Skills
How do you decide if a disease is the cause of death?
Any good module/quest for 6 Lvl 3 PCs?
Advice for making an adventure entirely based on "boss" battles?
Do attacks against gelatinous cubes hit engulfed players?
Rewarding a PC who educates himself?
Do Interlocks use only Finesse Attributes?
What happens when an Inquisitor's alignment changes?
Are there roleplaying games where your race levels up separately from your class?
Is it possible to make a Gestalt character with monster and regular class levels?
Does being in the same space as an ogre allow a halfling to hide between its legs?
How relatively strong is a character of a given level
What can I do when the GM dislikes my choices in play?
Can a single device be both a master and a slave?
Can One Use Multiple Magic Items with the Same Power in an Encounter?
What factors contribute to the claim that reality is limited to levels 6 and below?
What Happens When an Assassin Shrouds a Target?
New Campaign Advice for a Small Party (1DM, 2PC)
What exactly is the Dragonborn template?
Trivial Knowledge vs Kirin Path
I remember seeing somewhere that clerics are proficient with their deities favored weapon. Is this true?
How to use a GMPC for the good of the campaign?
Help me find a good system mechanic
How do I help a young player fill their character sheet quickly?
How to effectively protect a VIP in the streets?
Where are normal critter stats?
Rolling math fixes into default progression
Dual wielding with a Double Weapon and an Off Hand weapon
How do I go about setting up a trial/investigation mission?
Can you put a Sphere of Annihilation into a Bag of Holding without tearing a hole in reality?
How can I effectively introduce hooks into a sandbox adventure?
Which, and how many, skills should a Human Scout pick?
If a spell gives an enhancement bonus to an attribute, does that affect the base attribute or the modifier?
Does a short combat or casting one spell interrupt a Long Rest?
I have an Electrified Baton, what damage does it do?
When transforming from a race using Polymorph any Object, what changes?
In Pathfinder, how are scroll creation costs calculated?
How to speed up 4e combat
Can/should a player roll for failure on his own action?
Does Rope Trick move relatively?
Bringing the Team together
Am I too new to try DMing once?
How can I deal with players who don't consider the narrative?
What materials/information would I need to construct a gameworld?
Magus Kensai - Iaijutsu
Does untyped damage overcome all DR?
Wanting to play d&d but have no clue
Numenera, The Basics
Archer from Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance in D&D 3.5
Are Maneuver Pre-Reqs like Feat Pre-Reqs?
How do you calculate an average damage when damage is conditional on circumstances?
Immortality and Psionics
How do spellbook tattoos combine with creatures that can change their shape?
How effective are foreshadowing cutscenes that PCs would be unaware of?
Is there any book dealing with Dungeon Design?
Does a psion need a ranged basic?
Is there a system for PC reputation in D&D 3.5
How should I do unimportant crits?
When do skills count as class skills when you have multiple (prestige) classes?
Which Fighter (TWF Fighter vs. Great Weapon Fighter) is better optimized for Dealing Damage?
Do proficencies with one thing from multiple different sources stack?
Savage Worlds Deluxe: Joker - for players only?
Are initiation and submersion intended to have such a major Karma disparity?
Is there any way I can make an effective Rank 1 Yojimbo who is not a Shiba?
What does an average monster in the Starter Set look like?
What are the requirements to use a Smartgun System to its full extent?
Do ghouls get their master's clan flaw?
Is there a vampire/population ratio stated in the books?
What would be the minimum human population to sustain a single vampire indefinitely?
How do Permanent Ability boosts interact with other items/spells that increase that ability
Are damage bonuses for a weapon doubled for 2[W] rolls?
What are the soak, armor, and health levels for vehicles in cWoD or V20?
How to design and determine CR of a respawning horde encounter?
Starting a campaign with travel for new players
More Optimized Warblade Build (3.P)
Any tips on how to build my first and highly hostile Hexcrawl?
When playing a magus do you add any modifier to spell damage
Fighting in the dark
What can a Cleric actually summon with their Summon Monster spells?
Using step up feat on moving npc
Can I give the blinded condition through an improvised action?
Opportunity attacks during flying on a mount
Can a prone or unconscious character with 'Winged Boots' equipped still be safe from crashing?
Does the mark end immediately or can immediate reaction prevent this?
How do I compensate players who do not get to use the potent plot-important artifact?
In Star Wars: Age of Rebellion, what is an weapon/armor "Improvement"?
How compatible are D&D 4E core and essentials in terms of hybrid characters?
If a Psion of 15th level or higher with Psicrystal Affinity uses Channel Power to manifest True Mind Switch
How do you calculate the odds of success for an ability contest
How to handle a Strix in combat when flying?
What do Professions do for a Hunter?
Is a Greatspear a good choice for a Paladin?
Do basic techniques and special powers count towards a discipline mastery?
What are the limits of Mage's Magnificent Mansions?
What battle maps do I use for Legacy of the Crystal Shard?
Is the Stalwart Numen always on?
Does the Impeding Stones spell render affected creatures flat-footed?
How can I give orders to summoned animals?
Where does the "apply bonuses and penalties in the most beneficial order" rule come from, if it exists?
How specific does the weapon choice have to be when picking the Weapon Focus feat?
How is treasure determined randomly for CR 21 or higher creatures?
Is there a prestige class called "Chosen Of Mystra"?
Monk ki-focus mechanics
How does wizard & cleric spell preparation and casting work?
When can I make opportunity attacks?
How do the vehicle acceleration rules in Ultimate Combat work?
How is cold damage with Flurry of Blows and a Cold Implement handled?
What guidelines, if any, exist to guide the DM in establishing difficulty level for skill/ability checks?
How are augmented maximums calculated in SR5?
How can I make investigation engaging for the whole party?
Kineticist with several Energy Lashes
Does a single PC who is stealthy get to surprise monsters when the rest of the group is not?
How to divide the Dice Pool reactively?
Why is the dice pool splitting handled the way it is?
Are there any big, pre-made city campaign maps?
Does Mage Armor stack with the Shield spell?
Do you have to cast Shield prior to your opponent's attack roll?
Any recommendation for a Dark Heresy character generator/manager?
High Elf Racial Cantrips: Do they improve for non-Wizards?
Do NPC and monsters also double damage on a natural 20?
Character backstory and history development/generation tools
How can I help the GM make investigation engaging for the whole party?
How can I use AnyDice to check counting-success probabilities?
Upgrading storium level after backing
How do I rein in a character's backstory without discouraging the player?
Should I give my players the stats of the NPCs they control?
Are Demons able to Effectively Deal with Angels in the Twilight
How do I help players whose time with previous editions confuses their understanding of D&D 5th Edition?
Number of GURPS 4th Edition Source Books
How to deal with combats where the enemies cannot damage the PCs?
Do readied actions dissappear when falling unconscious?
Is there a complete list detailing all Magical Beasts and Outsiders native to the Outer Planes?
How does a damage dealing Wizard use higher level spell slots optimally?
What happens to a quasi-undead creature when fortunate fate activates?
Why does the Folk Hero get a shovel?
Should I give players post play insights to assist them in future playing?
How can I associate Hit Dice with healing?
Longtooth Shifting as a daily power
How does Overchannel work with Cantrips?
If using the Fame and Prestige Point mechanics presented in Ultimate Campaign, when are Prestige Points awarded?
How many are the starting merit dots now?
Traps in the World of Darkness
Pitfalls to avoid when using kingdom building rules for the first time?
How to build an organisation in pathfinder?
Should the fronts and countdowns be visible to players?
How do GM Moves in Dungeon World work in practice?
Does the "Wild" armor enhancement preserve both bonuses and penalties?
pathfinder: how to handle evil actions
How to create and run a realistic cult?
Is it possible for a wizard to change the spells in her spellbook?
How does Giants in Iron work?
How can a PC change their class in middle of an Adventure?
Have death saving throws changed in 5e?
Improving my Character's Grapple
Starter Set Cleric's Hit Points don't add up
Has Dungeons & Dragons ever been officially translated into Hungarian?
Can siblings be different metatypes in SR5?
System Recommendation: Traders/Truckers Spaceships Sci-Fi
Can you save skill points for later levels?
Are there any guidelines for awarding inspiration?
"Slow" traps in the world of darkness
Difficulty for non jury rigged traps
Can Warforged be repaired with a skill check?
How many times can I use a spell component pouch before having to purchase a new one?
Would being stickler for material components break the game?
Sources for Incantations outside of UA?
Counting damage against similar foes
How does Planescape need to be adjusted to work with 3.5e rules?
What kind of perception checks are needed to search for traps?
How does defending on behalf of others work in Fate Core?
How do I avoid "prepping too much"?
Where to find lvl 30 items
Ex-wizard that pretends he still is a wizard
How can I optimize damage for a ranged ranger from level 1 to 6?
Improving AC and reflex defences in 4e
Is there an undead-heavy adventure that takes PCs from level 1 to level 20?
Roleplaying a female teen bard as a male GM?
How can I design encounters that appeal more to stealth based characters and are fun for me to run?
Basic D&D without play map and miniatures
What happens to the other planes when the Material Plane get destroyed or disappears?
Does Grappling in D&D 5 have any rules other than preventing movement?
D&D 4e Stalker's Mist
Is there any good 1 session D&D stories for beginners?
How can I improve roleplaying as monsters during the encounters?
Can a Neutral cleric cast Sanctified Magic?
Is there a way to make someone unconscious without threat of death?
At level one, can you really never recover hit dice?
Does the shield bonus in Battle Cleric's Lore only affect AC?
Can PCs hide motivations from the DM?
How can I stop being afraid of PC death as a GM?
Barbarian's Rage + Eye of Gruumsh's Rage = Greater Rage?
Are there any good Ranged Cleric options in 4e?
Can a spell be prepared once and cast multiple times?
What happens if I concede a fight to someone who only wants me dead?
When you Obtain a Cohort through the Leadership feat is it per the MM Entry or is it statted as a character?
Roleplaying a Dragon Better
How should I restrain myself when both playing a character and DMing?
Can magic weapons, armor, and shields be created without spells?
Is there a D&D 3.5e feat that's the opposite of Power Attack?
What function does the "light" weapon property serve on the hand crossbow?
How do enchantment spells work with V/S components?
How to deal with an overly-specific GM
What living apex lifeforms are there other than dragons?
Can a sorcerer use a scroll of a spell not known?
What Conditions prevent a caster from using Somatic spells?
I need help with making a were tyrannosaurus PC in Pathfinder
Arbitrary timer on a breach and clear style scenario
How to follow up the adventure if the party split?
Do negative Hit Points exist in D&D 5e?
Are peoples' competencies really as flat in D&D 5e as its math suggests?
When a Sorcerer with the Maestro Bloodline casts verbal+somatic spells, are they affected by Bloodline Arcana?
As a GM, how can I stop killing my games?
When Should Disadvantages be Inflicted on (N)PC's?
Is it possible to interrupt spellcasting?
What are the differences between 5e compared to 4e and 3.5e in terms of power level?
How can I prepare unique locations for my sandbox, when I don't know which unique locations my group will travel to?
How to GM a zombie-apocalypse game?
Is the old "Linear Fighters Quadratic Wizards" problem still around in 5e Basic?
How to get to know my players' expectations?
Does the Blistering Flourish bonus apply to both hits and effects?
Does the Sleep spell use current or maximum hit points?
Can a Vampire run when shifting?
Which parts of Pathfinder are excluded from the PRD?
What content is not included in the Rules Compendium?
Can I GM a Pathfinder game using the D&D 3.5e DMG or is the GameMastery Guide a must?
Why is there a saving throw for each ability score?
Custom rules for character advancement
How can a young player get into a gaming group?
Clarifications on combat in water
How do I make random adventures relevant to player motivations in a Sandbox Hexcrawl Campaign?
How should I handle a door the players know is trapped, but the characters don't?
Do players have to roll to discover an obvious aspect?
What's with Battlemind's Iron Fist being so powerful?
Magus question: Combining spell strike and spell combat
In the Dresden Files RPG, how should the magically disruptive properties of water be structured?
Is it possible for cleric to cast spells of opposed alignments?
Spell Perfection disambiguation
Is it worth teaching ourselves D&D with the Starter Set, or better to join an existing group?
Where do I go after the Starter Set?
How can I play as a DM, and still have a character who keeps up in levels and can influence the story?
What ability is used for playing a woodwind instrument?
How do touch attacks work in Microlite20?
4E Polearm Specialist Build
Can you teleport someone else out of a grapple?
Bonded Object and Fashionable Trait
Can I use modified playtest characters in my 5e game?
Wild Shape + Master of Many Forms + Spellweaver = Sorcerer casting?
in Psionic Item Creation how does power augmentation work?
What are possible ways to deal with a player who frequently switches characters?
How many projectiles from a single attack can you catch with Snatch Arrows?
Can you cast a spell at a higher level, even if it doesn't have an "At higher levels" entry?
In the Dresden Files RPG is it possible to get mental armor, and if so, how?
How does the Hacker's Master Key I ability actually work when creating codes?
Can you use Arrow Eruption to duplicate Arrow of Death?
Is there a OGL or GSL license for D&D 5e?
Is bringing a major villain back from the dead a bad idea?
Which splatbook describes horse breeds in the Forgotten Realms?
Isn't wielding inappropriately large weapons pretty powerful?
I'm looking for a good Coup de Grace weapon for my sneaky dude for when he needs to get up close and personal with someone, any suggestions?
How should I handle Brash Assault?
Are there any RPGs that realistically prioritize speed and reach in melee?
What are the important weapons characteristics for a rogue?
How can I justify complete failure of an elven village's magic as a plot point?
Why Does Spellcasting Have Levels?
Power level limits on saves: Which interpretation is correct?
Can a tiefling rogue sneak attack from magical darkness?
How do you make an encounter actually match its CR level?
Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos in pre-CoC D&D?
How do I analyze and improve myself as a GM?
How can I make puzzles a challenge for the character, rather than the player?
Does the Dueling Fighting Style prevent using a shield?
Can a Synthesist Summoner with a multi-armed eidolon get the multiweapon fighting monster feat?
Is there a quality "adept"?
How can I make non-violent combat alternatives actually fun and interesting?
Is there some ready-made LARP scenario suitable for complete beginners?
Withdraw mechanics for large+ creatures
Where are the rules for "magic" pools?
Can Edge Be Reduced to 0?
A fast rule to replace iterative attacks
How many hp does a starting eidolon have?
What are Ketephys' subdomains?
Would there be issues with porting the 3.5e Breaking & Entering rules and object tables to 5e?
Can a 6th level character do forced march forever?
Where can I find pre-painted plastic miniatures for Sci-Fi games?
Is there a good way to distribute pregenerated characters?
How many shifts are needed to take out a character with a single blow?
How should I handle gang casualties in Apocalypse World?
Looking for RPGs without character-classes
Are temporary hit points able to make you concious?
What is usually listed as evidence that RPGs are inherently a 2+ person activity?
Is there any good reason not to kick people?
How many shifts do you get on a Riposte?
According to the Playtest Rules, can a Paladin own a Familiar?
Adding Dervish Dance to PCgen
Bringing 4e Blood Mage into a 3.5 Campaign
How does Earth Glide work?
Character differentiation (through sub- and crafts talents) in Dungeon World
What is the experience cost of learning a ritual?
Can a Transmuter/Abjurer with Racial Proficiencies compete in melee?
Advice for creating/running my first city adventure session?
Can I cause a Bleeding Fullstrike with a Concussive Weapon?
How can I thwart a vampire in the party planning on dominating all of us?
Ideas for a plot twist during a hijacking?
Make NPCs hard to interrogate
Does magic armor automatically resize?
Starting kit in RoleMaster during an unusual start
Does sneak attack class feature apply for ranged touch attacks?
Does Illusion of Calm move with the caster?
How does Sneak Attack damage apply to Vampiric Touch?
Can an Elven Wizard use a bow for an arcane focus?
What happens when you cast dominate person on yourself?
Which systems can be considered balanced? How to predict a fair fight?
Does the Augmented Humanoid subtype count the creature as humanoid for spell effects?
How can I help my players be proactive and dramatic together?
Arch-enemy or situational obstacle?
Can a vampire cross running water in Pathfinder?
How to generate a monster with levels in wizard?
Dispel Magic vs multiple summons
Is there a D&D 3.5 character manager for Android?
On-hit vulnerability with damage on the same attack
Constitution bonus to HP for a necropolitan
Are melee combatants limited to standing around saying "I attack"?
Star Wars D6 Skills and Advanced Skills
Why is there such a big cost difference between Trap Crafting and a simple Bear Trap?
How do I prevent my players from hopping on a railroad when I'm not railroading?
Looking for a DM tool Similar to Masterplan For 5E
How can we compensate for a Warforged's lack of healing?
What happens to the current hit points when Aid ends?
How do you boil a level 30 PC down to an easily accessible NPC or game mechanic?
Looking for a Detective/Mystery Adventure (D&D)
How can I continue to access Wizards of the Coast's D&D 3.5 Web articles?
Optimising a Mammoth Rider
Is the hit and damage bonus the same as the +X of a magical weapon?
Increasing Weapon Die Size
Critting with a Thrown Melee Weapon
How can keepers be optimized?
What does "+6 to hit, Hit: 13 (2d8 + 4)" mean in a creature's stat block?
How do I handle information in Investigations without "bottlenecking" clues?
Psychic Rogue as a blaster
Does an ability or spell grant me the bonus action with which to use it?
How to manage creative use of Spell Components?
What changes between 2E and 3E D&D, if any, made standard XP progression appropriate?
Where can I find the rpg 'HYBRID'?
When in Demon Form, are demons vulnerable to mortal frailties?
Handling the nitty-gritty with fate
Where can I find a compilation of After the Bomb material?
Does copying a spell from a scroll into your spellbook consume the scroll?
How can a dragon sorcerer PC take on humanoid form from level 1 without house rules?
Looking for lycanthropy-related accessories
How are caster levels determined in concert with the feat Master Spellthief?
Making sure that a coup de grace works
Can I use Weapon Finesse to make Eldritch Glaive attacks using Dex?
Can I collapse my huge demon?
Do Advanced Form and Terrible Form interact how I think they do?
Can Minor Illusion wake a sleeping party member with its sound?
What is the type of Touch of Gracelessness dexterity penalty?
What is the new Magician's Way?
Maneuverability category step reduction beyond Clumsy
Why all the dice?
Do ranged attacks go through allies?
Making a melee called shot on a hand that's wielding a weapon
Help with an apparently bored player
Taunting, intimidating, or tricking multiple opponents
How can we protect a ship from magical rain of Acid?
Can werewolves detect relics created by strong emotion?
Does the Evocation Savant feature apply to evocation spells copied into backup spellbooks?
Do natural attacks count as melee weapons?
The Stack'O'Mounts
Weapon Finesse and touch attacks
Is the Dread Necromancer Charnel Touch (Su) a natural weapon attack?
Trampling with Charge Through
What skills should a Wizard pick?
If aspects are facts, are all facts aspects?
How can an intelligent magic lance change what type of weapon it is?
Character performing a Move which he/she does not have
How do I explain the lack of situational modifiers in Dungeon World to my players?
What is required to be able to sneak attack with a spell or ranged attack?
How do you determine what good roleplaying is?
Are there any god machine experience conversion rules for Werewolf?
Effect of energy substitution on Fire Shield
Does picking up a weapon or drawing one take an action?
A fellow player does not want me to roleplay, what do I do?
Are the Old Deities coming back for D&D 5e's Forgotten Realms?
What skill works with magical skill checks (that aren't about magical knowledge)?
Is there a complete character planner software for Pathfinder?
Is it possible to grab a living enemy by the leg and use him as a club?
How do I determine the argument of periapsis in GURPS Space?
Passive checks or active checks when looking for monsters or hidden objects?
Is there a Physical Appearance system for Pathfinder that doesn't add a 7th ability score?
Adventures or campaigns involving dragon antagonists
Does energy damage (particularly acid damage) bypass object hardness in Pathfinder?
How can I build a tank out of the fighter class?
Which rolls does the GM make in secret for the party?
Will Summoner's Charm (Su) work with Shadow Conjuration spell?
Is Forgotten Realms the default setting in 5e?
Can a wizard memorize spells in the middle of the adventuring day?
Taking feats while multiclassing
Do I have to apply a negative modifier to the damage roll?
Paper-and-dice random loot chart for psionic item powers
How does the range of Wings of Flurry work?
Color Spray vs. Small Earth Elementals
Strangling Hair acting "independently of your own actions"
How can I use anger as an aspect to contribute to fire spells?
It is possible to cast a spell that allows you to coat a real sword in fire?
Hidden Moves in Dungeon World
How could discipline be used to aim weapons?
Increase power of or control over accidentally discovered abilities?
How to respond to "stress tracks / narrative consequences are arbitrary"?
How far ahead do you plan?
Extra Health from Death Rage in Gauru form?
D&D good edition for newbies
How much does a "Potion of cure light wounds" heal?
How to generate requests to PC with decision power and keep track of their conclusions
What is a scene, when do i roll etc.?
Changing the ability applied to a skill and penalties to ability based checks
Do targets of Spell Reflection get a saving throw?
Using a Readied Action to avoid Opportunity Attacks
How do you "pinpoint" with Listen Skill and "Keen Eared Scout" Feat?
Why were ducks blamed for Starbrow's Rebellion?
Force equip cursed item on another character in pathfinder
Tattoos and change shape
Must a half-fiend be evil?
What would a Bayushi Samurai think of the Scorpion Shinobi if he realizes those exist?
Probabilities using 3d10 as 1d1000
Is the Dweomerkeeper unacceptably powerful thanks to Supernatural Spell?
Interaction Taint and Pestilence Domain
Do drow elf wizards need to sleep
Elemental Touch Questions
How do common townspeople identify and react to unusual creatures?
Can a duskblade's Arcane Channeling affect a target more than once per round?
Are Monks proficient with unarmed strikes by default?
Where is the "Tyranny of Dragons online appendix"?
Are there rules for Intelligent Items with Class Levels?
Which sourcebooks include tattoos (both magical and nonmagical)?
What are the likely effects of a wild magic surge?
First-worlder Summons and Eidolon
When leveling, is the hit die only added to the maximum dice, not current dice?
Optimizing the single target blast
Tutorials and advice regarding RPG layout design
Why is burying yourself not such a great plan?
Multiclass Warlock/Sorcerer: How do spell slots recover?
How does Dominated work? Can it really make me attack allies or walk off a cliff?
Does a character with 10 Constitution only need to eat every 4 days?
Is Alter Self strictly better than Disguise Self as at-will invocations?
Shadows vs. Sleeping Characters
Not being able to get a feeling for Shadowrun setting
Draconic Bloodline Sorcerer: Elemental Affinity Optimization
Forced usage of "at-will" Basic Attacks
Sorcerer Wild Surge result quandries
Can player characters identify monsters?
Do subrace benefits add to or replace base race benefits?
Do Repair spells work on constructs that can have negative HP?
What book can I read to familiarize myself with D&D 5e's world and lore?
What creatures/templates have Powerful Build?
Which Golarion deities would support and encourage a Witch-Hunter Inquisitor among their faithful?
Free RPGs that work well on forums
How many spells does a swordmage get as they level up?
How to get the PHB before release?
Can a Paladin use Smite Evil on a touch attack to Lay on Hands on an undead creature?
Edition transitions in the Forgotten Realms
RPG sytem which is based on character's character not stats
Are there any systems similar to Pathfinder's Kingmaker that are more complex and realistic?
For seasoned 3.X players and DMs, what is the "what's new" summary for 5e?
Is this the way that "Control Weather" is supposed to function?
Armored Glass vs. Ballistic Glass
Can you Accept Affliction something you are immune to
Go Coup de Grace your self
Does roleplaying inherently put you at a disadvantage?
Would a place of business be gifted along with the territory it's in?
Death Rage whilst recovering?
Can an opponent allow you to move through his square?
Dimensional step and AoO
Combat Gear versus Other Gear versus Treasure
Are enemy weapons and armour up for grabs as loot?
Finding the local Forsaken on a road trip
How to use INT as CHA for all purposes
How do you resolve a basic attack in D&D 5e?
How should a GM deal with players that want to be "too cool"?
Help with Seven Samurai-style 1st level adventure
How can I effectively run a sandbox campaign playing 2 hours every week?
How can I prevent analysis paralysis when choosing spells?
How would you handle a D&D 4e Total Party Kill without killing them?
Do you gain any proficiencies when multi-classing other than weapon and armor?
How different is D&D since it first came out?
What abilities remain when using Draconic Exemplar's shapechange ability?
Does the Challenge Rating of a monster assume a party or a single PC?
Is it rude to request multiple signatures at a gamebook signing event?
Does 5e address the murderhobos problem?
Isn't getting control over a grapple better than trying to escape?
How many attacks does this dragon have per round?
(Clockwork Automaton) construct back to 1 HP with repair spell wand? additional cost, how?
How to introduce and encourage role playing in non-roleplayers?
How to choose between dual wielding and two hand weapon fighting
Can physical devices be hidden inside a host in SR5?
Is necromancy necessarily evil in 5e or Forgotten Realms?
is there a pecil and paper type rpg that you can play by yourself?
In Hunters Hunted II, how do you use Plan dice?
Can a Druid Wild Shape into a Swarm or "Giant"?
Should I replace the swarm with the individual creature after enough damage?
How many times does Sneak Attack damage apply?
Can two people cooperate on a check with different skills?
Gunsmithing and special bullets
What are the major changes in Dark Heresy 2nd edition vs. 1st edition?
Help ensuring my monk will be useful in and out of combat
Is there a Swordmage in 3.5e?
Does the offhand attack from Crossbow Expert get a Dex bonus?
Optimizing Riddick Build
How much experience does a cleric get when he Turns Undead?
Multiclassing: How do Ability Score Improvements work?
System recommendation: Dynamic, engaging, and realistic skill rolls
What happens when Resurrection is cast on a zombie?
How should Greater Turning work under Complete Divine's alternate Turning rules?
Can the monk's Stunning Strike feature be used with Martial Arts?
How can I create a world with realistic demographics that won't overwhelm my level 1 PCs?
Does the Micro-Miniaturized feat give me a free Mechanism pick with each gadget housing?
Has 5e fixed the balance problems of the monk at all?
Power Critical. I need an explanation
How can you fight with two weapons?
How many Ability Dependencies is too many? (What is MAD?)
Can a character have more Claw attacks than it has limbs?
How can a GM give treasure to DnD players who overcome challenges without combat?
How does Dimensional Storage interact with destroyed Techno-Organic weapons?
How many times per scene can I attempt to cast a spell such as Postcognition?
Understanding the Swashbuckler's Dizzying Defense ability
How can I deal with character classes and builds so specific they don't fit in with the group?
Does an Otyugh really have 3 melee attacks per round?
How does augmenting a psionic power with multiple augmentation options work?
Where can I find the "Destructive Smite" Paladin Spell?
Where can I find the "Trap the Soul" 8th Level Wizard Spell?
Where can more information about feats be found?
Pathfinder - Marksman Powers with Thrown Weapon
Magus Spellstrike, Spell Combat and Quicken Spell
How to make my session Faster
Which spells do Wizards get at lower levels than Sorcerers?
Mission Allowance house-rule ramifications
Thus spake the Warforged: How do their mouths work?
How to write an adventure where the primary focus is the characters being hunted
How does one craft Potions of Healing?
Do NPCs have their own personal refresh and pool of fate points?
What happens when I think like a dragon?
Does the Ranger's Companion synergize with the Ranger?
How can I handle conflicts between my disdainful druid and characters who might provoke them?
What happens to the Warlock Spell Slots when he obtains new Spell Levels?
What happens if you are shut in a Quartermaster's Chest
Making the most of Adventure Bonds
What about "Save-or-Die" spells makes them so powerful? Are they balanced as is, or require tweaking?
Advice on balancing a "Super Powers" Savage Worlds Game?
What changes should I use for a Human with Type Outsider instead of Humanoid?
Does a Warforged barbarian never get fatigued?
Can you make several of the same potion at once?
Sneak attack advancement feat
How do foci and somatic+material components interact when it comes to occupying a hand?
How do I create and use NPCs that actually matter?
Does the Player's Handbook give guidelines for how often to roll for a Wild Magic Surge?
Is this a balanced power + trapping?
How do Wild Magic Surge and Tides of Chaos interact
What is the weight of a laden adventurer?
What is this aura and cost for this melee rogue magic weapon?
What does Regenerating Techno-Organics cost for an 'Oid?
Build a social assassin
How to handle a Summoner with his Eidolon having too much "stage time"?
How to deal with a character that does not fit my plot?
When adding 1-1/2 or 1/2 your strength mod to damage how does it round?
Can I cast two spells a round while Hasted?
How can I implement legacies for PCs?
How can I understand spirits and the shadow world better?
If I roll a low Hit Die, can I use the fixed value instead?
Can a flying construct escape from an open bag of holding on its own?
Can enemies charge through, walk through, or even go through Witch Thorns and other walls?
Too Many New Posts when I Log into my Roleplay Thread
Why do Warlocks only have spells up to 5th level? What's the correct progression for their slots?
How can I always see ethereal and incorporeal creatures?
Complicated Homemade Game dice odds, AnyDice or Troll formula help required
Is fireburst overpowered?
Is there a general rule of take the average or roll the dice?
Does a Medic's Weapon's action include the extra channel divinity action?
What is the difference between "ghosts" and "spirits of the dead" in Pathfinder?
Lore about Gibbeth
How can you gain proficiency in a skill after level 1?
How to run a D&D urban campaign
How to master a game where the player group is not a group IG
What are the rules for crafting traps that don't cost anything?
Optimized Level 4-6 Grappler/wrestler build
Can you Wield an Off-Hand Weapon with a Spiked Guantlet
What rules in the Player's Handbook are new/different from the Basic Rules?
How can I improve my pregame introduction?
How to determine surprise when only part of a side is stealthy?
Are gloves of Enlarge Weapon what I want?
Does a half-giant druid in Wild Shape retain Powerful Build?
How do you keep track of the Moon?
Replacing exotic animal companions
Does a reach weapon allow you to threaten squares 10 feet away or not?
Can you maintain bardic music and still make an attack action?
Where do I find how much XP is required to level up?
Are there Race/Alignment restrictions for classes in the PHB?
The relationship between a cleric and their deity
Can I use Domain powers on myself?
Does the DM have to give me magical weapons?
Techniques for fast paced storytelling
Determining the caster level for magic weapons?
Is there a Parry option in D&D 5e?
How do you encourage group decisions over individual actions?
Preserving your Humanity with different vampiric concepts in VtRequiem
Are balanced groups important in D&D 5e?
Should Savage World Allies be made as Wild Cards?
Should I leave this group or recover it?
What guidelines exist for players creating characters for organized play?
Where can I find the Quick Start for Doctor Who: AiTaS?
How do I use a person as a shield?
Is there a limit on the volume of material that can be affected by the Minor Alchemy class feature?
How do I figure out the alignment of a morally ambiguous character?
Does Repulsion Armor Stop Movement?
What should be the DC to identify monster vulnerabilities?
What is advantage?
What's the Fastest Way to Reload an Off-Hand Hand Crossbow
Pros & Cons: Sorcerer & Cleric cross-class
Risks and benefits from letting a monk use higher stats than the party
Could a wizard multiclassed with a sorceror spontaneous cast all their wizard spells?
Insanity vs. Break Enchantment
Greasing a wall
Stealing near sleeping people
Can a bard directly take the Improved Familiar feat?
Do projectiles exist in flight?
How to roleplay languages that none of the player characters know?
Can a sorc 19 / cleric 1 cast cleric spells at higher sorcerer levels?
Does 5e better explain what they mean by "duration, or until you lose your concentration?"
What damage does Whip of Spiders do and how is it used?
Armor proficiency for a multiclassed Rogue/Wizard
Roleplaying online without having to post in public
How do I map a 15' cone to a 1" grid?
A good class to play when new to 5e and RPGs in general?
How can I stop a teleporting enemy?
Patching new parents onto a Cover
How can I structure XP rewards to favor problem resolution over smashing bad guys?
Can a Gloom Blade be enchanted, and if so, what would its base enchantment level be?
How to find items and feats based on a specific requirement like "CON enhancement"?
How do I upgrade older D&D adventures to 5th edition?
Can wizards really cast spells in armor?
Do the Hunter ranger's Extra Attack, Whirlwind Attack, and/or Horde Breaker features work together?
What happens if a Wizard casts Antimagic Field while under the effects of Time Stop?
Can AIs opt to instead use a cyberdeck?
How do you handle distractions caused by small children?
Can a Decker Brick an Enemy's Gun?
Existing solo DnD campaigns to use with a novice player?
Solo player: best way to mitigate tiny party size?
What is the highest AC possible for a sorcerer?
What methods exist to get your AC higher than 20 without magic items?
When do "per day" spell-like abilities recover in 3rd edition?
How does Mage Armor interact with Unarmored Defense?
How do I determine my character's maximum load?
Does a Barbarian with Brutal Critical get an extra 1d6 or 2d6 if they get a critical hit with a Greatsword?
Does going prone break a grapple?
Is anti-gravity technology available in Shadowrun?
How many shadowrunners are there in Shadowrun?
Hiding Gear From Sensors
Detect Magic interacting with Negative Levels debuff
Does D&D 5e have a rule for character knowledge about monsters?
What are all the playable races and starting classes?
Does Burning Hands really require touching thumbs?
Can I Dodge before a combat starts?
If a monster escapes my grapple, can it immediately move away?
Is Freedom of Movement hampered from actually working to escape a grapple?
Should the players roll a defense if the attack didn't succeed?
Which ability do monks use to determine their spell save DC
Help me fit Archmage into the mailman build (3.5)
Long rest regains half hit dice - round up or down?
Is there fluff available for the towns in Middenland?
Does a god machine doorway opening leave behind "spiritual" evidence?
Is there some reason Wild Sorcerers don't have Nahal's Reckless Dweomer in 5E?
How to handle Sunlight Sensitivity (of Drow, etc.), especially for casters?
Recommended Forgotten Realms Novels for 5e?
What properties of a magic item can be identified with skill checks?
Does Warlock combat just equal Eldritch Blast spam?
Overcoming setting complexity paralysis as a GM
I'm a quarter Draconian, a quarter Dragonborn and half Half-Dragon?
Is a kineticist immortal?
How do people swear in Eclipse Phase?
Where is the Mill and Temple in Greenest?
What are reasonable additional statistics for modern and futuristic weapons?
Can summoned creatures be attacked?
Does "each creature in blast" include allies?
Is a Pact Weapon a spell attack or a normal weapon?
Do Cantrips use your character level or class level?
Does Flame Blade count as a weapon for Extra Attack?
Should Players declare their actions once Initiative is dealt?
How can the God Machine transport players to another place?
Improving item saving throws
Choosing equipment options at character creation
Are size bonuses already incorporated into large races' attribute modifiers?
Ideas for a Political Power Struggle
Are there dragon stats in any published OWOD or NWOD books?
Can you multiclass the same class twice for different class features?
What happens to HP when Constitution decreases?
Can the arcane/druidic focus staff double as quarterstaff?
The players focus too much on NPCs and ignore the plot, what do I do?
How do semi-mortals affect technology?
What kinds of considerations can be made in a base building campaign?
Will Wizards offer a Character Builder for D&D 5e?
How does an Fighter (Eldritch Knight) 20 compare to a Fighter 10/Wizard 10 for both damage dealt and durability?
How to determine Difficulty Class for skills?
When to throw away a bad RPG system design?
Optimizing Inherent bonus purchasing to gain as many Skill Points as possible
Is it worth buying the "Super Powers Companion 2nd Edition" if I have 1st Ed. and the free changes supplements?
Clarification on magic with Sigil and the Outlands
What about the whetstone?
How do I get players to Name a Horror?
Is this build a viable melee Sorcerer?
Does multiclassing into Cleric grant Domain Bonus Proficiencies?
Porting a WoD werewolf to Pathfinder
Mechanics that Express Character Personality and Moral Growth?
How does barkskin work?
Giving inspiration after a nice night of sleep and good food?
Do Ifrit start with the outsider skill point bonus?
Does Bard's Jack of All Trades grant them greater initiative?
What simple weapons can the "Scorching Weapon" feat be applied to?
What exactly is "base AC"?
How to use modifiers and checks
How should I divide Party Monster XP witha 2nd lvl fighter and a 6th lvl fighter in the party
Nimble Melee Sorcerer Help
Disadvantage on Range Attack Spell vs Range Spells?
Can you light magically created grease on fire?
Where can I find Airship alterations?
What do I know, when deciding whether to cast Counterspell?
Are 'Mechs included in A Time of War's core book?
I would like a self-contained, non–Al Amarja Over The Edge adventure
How can I deal with players that get bored waiting for their turns playing online?
Can the Druid heal themselves with the Balance move?
Items to enhance spot checks?
Dwarf Warpriest creation help
Can a Spiked Shield be enchanted with bashing
How to use Paizo-style module flip-mats without spoilering the players?
Does the Outlander have a Poor or Comfortable lifestyle?
Do aftereffects trigger upon death?
Can a sorcerer write their own spells into a wizard's spellbook in 3.5?
How to protect a Cha-based caster against Feeblemind?
How do I make it absolutely clear that I'm shooting you in the face?
Can you use Versatile Evocation (Su) with Rime Spell (Metamagic)?
Do the Dashing Hero's "borrow a move" moves work like multiclass moves?
How do I deal with players that pick very situational skills for a Campaign?
How can I improvise battle encounters on the fly?
Letting PCs be the target of a skill challenge
CRs and ELs in D&D3.5
How to expand a primal burst at paragon level?
Should I put a Bard's ability score increases all in Cha or spread them out?
Do rules exist for creating wondrous items?
Do rules exist for creating artefacts?
Does Spiritual Weapon stay until the end of its duration if the caster goes uncounscious?
Playing two characters in unison in D&D 5e
In D&D Adventurers League, what can Druids Wild Shape into?
What is the AC of an inanimate object?
Do you know the value of an attack or damage roll on you before the hit is resolved?
Is RAW Binding a death sentence?
How long does it take to try to break manacles?
How viable is a Wizard with 10 levels in Rainbow Servant as a melee combatant?
Artificer with a Defender-y bent
Trying to find a power/feat, free stealth check at start of combat if you have concealment?
Is a Greatclub a club in regards to the Shillelagh spell?
Can a party function without a Cleric or Paladin?
How do I narrate the Last Breath move?
Can metamagic be acquired at first level?
Do I Add my Dex Modifier to my Slayer's Power Strike Damage?
How do I know what approach to defend with in FAE?
My links to articles on WotC's site are broken with the 2014 site update. Where can I find the same content?
Spells and powers storing in Psionic Glyph of Warding
Is there a clan/bloodline that has all physical desciplines at in clan cost?
How many spells does a cleric add to its repertoire at each level?
Who's the artist that drew the art on pages 148 and 220 of the PHB?
Hacking the Muse (Why interrogate the transhuman if Muse knows it all?)
Using archery with fighter maneuvers
What would an "E6" for 5e look like?
What synergizes with Awesome Display?
Duelling in Savage Worlds?
What mundane means can overcome Arcane Lock?
How can I design balanced customized hexes for witches?
Detect magic (drows) and invisibility (spells)
What is the range of touch attacks when using the Spell Sniper feat?
Should plot-recurring characters always be Wild Cards?
Additional spells/day at First Level
How can I assassinate someone and make it look like an accident?
How can I recognise when a Scene should be skipped?
How many spells can a wizard have in 4e, and how do they work?
Is there a Star Wars adventure for Awesome Adventures?
Can a Hollow Mekhet have a bloodline?
What level of lifestyle do you have when living in the wild without practicing a profession?
What does the 5 mean when a damage roll is 5 (1d6+2)
What breaks using nWoD rules with classic WoD cosmology?
Are cantrips spells?
Do multiple effects of the same power stack
Are the Magic Items Compendium and Spell Compendium both 3.5e?
Talking skeletal or zombielike undead
Do animal ghouls generally exist or are wolf ghouls an exception?
How to enjoyably include a 4–5 year old in a D&D 5e game
What does "Strength modifier damage" mean?
How to avoid arguments with a player about what "should" happen?
How should a shaman act in combat?
Can I get innate precognition abilities without psionics, religion, or being a sorcerer?
How do I keep the narrative alive during combats?
How do I avoid placing useless battle grid features?
How to avoid Werewolves
What is the timing of Parrying Weapon's ability?
Where is "Create Influence" documented?
Is there any way to increase the number of spells I can cast per day as a wizard?
How to have Goblins Spring Out of Barrels
How can I encourage the use of willpower?
faking a spellcaster, while keeping the sneak
Tips for first time Dungeon Master
Are there any penalties for wearing armor all the time?
What Hit Dice do multiclass characters spend at the end of a short rest?
How does the Evocation wizard's Empowered Evocation feature work with the Magic Missile spell?
How does Empowered Evocation work on spells with multiple damage types?
How does Niten dueling differ from standard dueling?
How does the Dragon Tattoo damage work?
What items grant bonuses to Heal skill checks?
Concealment at the boundary of Oscuring Mist
Would an Inquisitor's warband be dispatched to fight the taint of Xenos?
Looking for a free, easy-to-learn D&D-like game that can be run with limited materials
Alchemist Arcane Background
How much damage does Great Weapon Fighting add on average?
How does a PC make a permanent extradimensional space?
What version of WoD is this?
Can Wall of Stone be cast on dirt?
Calculating damage on hit in Star Wars: Age of Rebellion
How to add challenge to a RPG-like experience for a three year old
What order do multiclass characters spend Hit Dice at the end of a short rest?
Is Cape of the Mountebank's power really supposed to be a reaction?
How does D&D 5e compare to AD&D 2e?
Does the dread necromancer gain any benefit from her familiar?
What can I do with Dragon Hatchlings?
Looking for (even unofficial) duelist variants
Suggestions to replace or tweak the DW barbarian's "taunt"
Do creatures with inappropriately sized reach weapons threaten different areas?
What happens when you have two races?
Basic, 1st or 2nd edition D&D adventure light on combat
Are there any sources for a rural modern fantasy setting? (Redneck D&D)
What's fair compensation for creating a one-armed drow?
Can a character change alignment and deity during the campaign?
Is the dexterity bonus limited by armor type?
What is the definition of "creature" and is it used consistently?
What has an "aura" for the purpose of Detect [Alignment] spells?
Being Descriptive
Does using versatile weapons with 2 hands disqualify them as Monk weapons?
Can a Magic Circle be concealed and used as a trap?
Mating behaviours of dragons
Does the Paladin's Code apply to evil foes, such as demons?
When is each skill used when searching for hidden objects like traps?
Warlock Handbook for 5e?
Poison spray oddity
Meld Into Stone would fail if I have living spell components in my pouch?
Do I get the saving throw benefit of Mounted Combatant Feat as well?
How do I build an encounter for level 5 D&D characters?
Are normal spell components consumed by the spell?
Noble drow possibilities to not be seen by them (if one has a magic item/spell active)
Can Ex-Clerics start worshipping a new god?
How do I manage to handle many villian organizations on an already NPC filled game?
Game with one male warrior and remaining PCs as village girls
How can I “counter spell” or nullify a dragon's breath, as a one-time trick?
Determining (combat) abilities of NPC's
Where can I find actual play posts and podcast for Exalted?
If a spellcaster forgets Find Familiar, can they keep the familiar?
Are there ways to concentrate on more than one spell at a time?
Can opponents differentiate bardic performance from normal music?
Why does the Folio contain only works from Bonisagus magi?
Does a touch spell require an attack?
Aspects implying Resistance/Immunity
Do birds cry? Or, how to play interactions with intelligent non-humanoid beings
Is a Staff with Finesse balanced?
Can a Monk use/trigger Defensive Duelist while wielding a monk weapon (or unarmed)?
Are d8, 10, 12, etc. dice, fair dice?
I'm confused about combat; how can I hope to hit anything?
When class features update at Xth level, is it my class or character level?
How do you load a hand crossbow?
Firing into a melee combat
Is there a rule of thumb for when "help" is better than making an attack?
What objective criteria can I use to restrict carrying multiple large weapons besides weight?
Does a dwarf take only a -2 penalty to disguise himself as a dragon?
Is a burst attack impossible to shield from with your body?
How can I adapt an oracle with occult mystery and aetherurgist archetype into a shaman?
Magic Systems: Names for Non-Vancian Magic?
Can Pixies wield shrunk two handed weapons?
What kills a vampire?
Should I allow Prestidigitation to ignite Grease (the game allows the Grease to be flammable)?
What happens when non-aggravated damage does not fit in the Health Chart?
How can a DM restore an over-scaled, out of control campaign?
In Roll20, how to program a macro that mimics the built-in attack function?
Does order matter when casting a cantrip with a casting time of a bonus action and another spell?
Can a Sorcerer protect their friend from Web by using Careful Spell?
Can Class-granted templates stack with other templates that would negate the original?
Shaman spontaneous casting
Can you cast banishment on yourself?
Are the Gods in Forgotten Realms under copyright?
Can you choose when to use your lower Base Attack Bonus?
Are Monks proficient in Darts?
Are healing extended tests different from standard extended tests in Shadowrun 5th Edition?
Metis Silver Fang - is such thing even possible?
How can I make a shapeshifter that takes human forms?
Taninim sorcerers and human form
Is there a google earth style map for Shadowrun 2050?
Can vampires enter Umbra?
Does Kidnapping call for a humanity roll?
Detecting suppressed auras
Can you deal damage to two targets each round, using Twinned Spell and Witch Bolt?
How long do Dark Eldar live for?
Are all descendants of a Heretic Gene-seed corrupt?
What are the effects of aging?
What effect does the warp have?
Can I Banish a druid when he's in elemental form?
Can you choose to fail a saving throw?
Reduce Size/ Polymorph into smaller creature wearing off in cramped space
Can Dark Eldar hide their signatures?
What are the effects of a lowered Constitution score for a human?
Using a weapon to execute a combat maneuver
Why don't players get extra xp for large encounters?
How does Darkvision work beyond range?
How do I challenge my PCs who fight every battle like Mongol horse archers?
What are the restrictions of an unarmed strike?
Does haste trump first strike, or vice versa?
How to build a workable master transmogrifist 10
Quality of Lecture Commentaries if using Extended book rules from Covenents
On and off NPC/PC
Touch attacks on D&D 5e
How to handle a fair contest between PCs in Apocalypse World?
Does Moulinet combo with other FS: Fencing levels?
Awarding Experience in RoleMaster
Creating Phil Taylor the darts champion
Player/DM who is having trouble letting go of an old campaign
Spells (debuffs) that increase damage from other spells
How to adjust Hoard of the Dragon Queen for more players?
What skill list should I use for a game set in ancient Greece?
Do organized play leagues allow playing modules without keeping track of a character?
What would be a potential balanced Mythic version of psionic power Mind Thrust
Is it appropriate to tell players the expected outcome of a throw?
Great Old One Warlocks: Ways to Counter Create Thrall
The scale of my maps are HUGE! What can I do about it?
Without a magic item economy, what is gold for?
Can the 5E abjurer wizard recover temp hp on his arcane ward any time it is below max or only when it reaches 0?
Is a Archaic Weapon Specialist as melee viable in a D20 modern campaign?
Fireball damage within a forcecage
How can I stop playing to win?
How do I challenge extremely strong 1st and 3rd level characters?
How do countersongs of a bard work in detail?
Does D&D 5e lack a general disarm rule?
Is there a legal way to get D&D 5e core rulebook PDFs?
Can Flaming weapons set a creature on fire without a critical hit?
What is a good, free, Space-faring RPG?
Would a fight against a higher level minion work out well or badly?
What monsters and races are from the Shadowfell?
Did SR5 fix the problems with decking?
Can Skeletons/Zombies benefit from potions?
Evaluate strength of enemies with class level
Do rogues get sneak attack damage added to attacks made outside their turn?
Average/optimal AC for core classes per level
Do the Enlarge and Shrink spells only really affect damage and AC, or do they do more?
How to behave in the first session?
What happens when you target a "magical effect" with Dispel Magic?
What happens if you don't recast Animate Dead within 24 hours
What happens when an invisible creature is detected?
Recommendations for a thrown weapon specialist?
Which items can I use to boost my hit chance?
Are 5e Rangers competitive with other core classes?
Qashmallim, and the similarity to Angels?
Should a Ranger be able to trigger their companion's bonus/reaction actions and how?
Are attacks with nets always made with disadvantage?
Must all feats granted by the Holy Tactician's Tactical Acumen ability be teamwork feats?
How to adjust Hoard of the Dragon Queen for a 1st-level party?
Can wild magic aging or height effects be reverted, and if so how?
Excessively clever characters vs. narrativist RP?
An nWoD mage adding/removing a supernatural template?
In Pathfinder, how sensitive is a Shrieker to movement?
How many times do I get to use Winter Spirit in a Rapid Shot?
+1 AC or +20 HP--which is better for a nimble, frontline character?
Is there a current, 5e equivalent of Dungeon Magazine?
Decreasing Enemy Base Health
Action to stow an item
What ever happened to rolling for stats, encountering class trainers, etc?
Some interesting things to do
What is the distinction between a city and a sprawl/metroplex... between downtown and a commercial district?
Are there androids in Shadowrun?
What spell to use in conjunction with "Teleport, Greater" to get sufficient information for the teleportation to succeed?
Creating elder magi
How can I get my group to use actual weaponry, not just improvised?
How much can a mule carry?
What would be the pros and cons of removing ability scores from O D&D?
What triggers the Bard's "song of rest" benefit?
Can armor encumbrance reduce REA or AGI below 1 and what happens then?
Are overlapping language proficiencies wasted?
A Noir detective RPG with published adventure support?
Brawler and Monk Multiclassing
Does 5th edition have the equivalent of Taking 20?
When using a grid for combat, do corners grant cover?
What can I do to paper to make it look aged?
How many sorcery points does twin spell use when copying a spell cast with a higher level slot?
Is there a list of wizard spells by level by school?
When are Opportunity Attacks provoked while holding a reach and a non-reach weapon?
How did D&D end up so focused on fighting, when its inspirations weren't?
Which is likely to provide more chances to opportunity attack, Polearm Master or Sentinel (with War Caster)?
Limitations on the Conjurer's Minor Conjuration ability
Is Sunbeam's beam considered sunlight, for the purposes of Sunlight Hypersensitivity?
In Pathfinder Society what boons exist?
How to get additional at-will powers
When Does the Blood Arcanist Gain the Arcanist Exploit Class Feature?
Are any 5e multiclassing options particularly strong compared to the base classes?
Does moving around an opponent trigger an Opportunity Attack?
How does a young Garou choose a tribe?
Can the Dark Eldar Be be aligned with Chaos?
Are there any rules against wielding a heavy shield two handed?
What is a slam attack?
What can a soldier requisition and for how long?
Can I requisition Plate Armor?
Rolling initiative for a group of tokens in Roll20?
What happens when an interrupt power changes the situation? 4e
Creating a character based off a historical figure
What's a good insult for a Tech Priest to say to a non-mechanical entity?
Can Monks gain the benefit of the Dual Wielder Feat with their Unarmed Strikes?
Vampire Stat Values in Night's Black Agents
In Pathfinder's Advanced Race Guide's Race creator, what does the prerequisite for Advanced ability scores mean?
What is the sense of a spell/power/effect with Standard Action casting time and only 1 round duration?
How do I calculate my damage in 3.5?
Getting Early Access to Level 8 and 9 Spells as an Arcane Trickster
Ringed Wall of Fire: How does the damage sequence go?
Can I use the Fast Hands bonus action to control Mage Hand?
Help, in 5th edition D&D do my modifiers go up, how and why?
Where can I find the formula to determine the PP capacity of a Psicrown?
The mechanics of holding an NPC at sword-point
Mass Combat at early levels: Taking Leadership early and balancing power
How does the additional damage from rend apply to DR?
RPG With Character Moral Growth and Corruption?
How can a werewolf fly?
How does using this artifact in combat work?
Where can I find a list of Monk Prestige Classes?
What defines a "willing target"?
Is the product of the Heavens Mystery revelation "Coat of Many Stars" a valid target for Magic Vestment?
What precedent is there for my homebrew "skill" concept?
Do illusionists see through their own physical illusions?
Our DM has a PC, how do we stop going to the PC for answers (because the DM knows everything)?
Samsaran Witch : as an Hexer, Support / Control
Can any character weave a thread to any item?
How can i change the outcome of history-charged events in ASoIaF RPG?
Talents that require Karma vs Discipline talents
Should a GM seek to share costs?
How to get advantage on all four ranged attacks in one round?
Does an Enhancement bonus on clothing become an Armor bonus?
Conditions of readied actions
What happens if I use both jokers in a hand?
Can a mount attack while it is being ridden?
Can I Have Two Familiars?
Are attributes ever rolled?
How does Doppelganger Simulacrum Work?
Why is sympathy so much more expensive than antipathy?
What do I need to consider running an open table dungeon crawl at a multi-day convention?
Are any Devotion feats worth taking without turn/rebuke undead?
Do rolls other than talent/skill/attribute tests explode?
What does a witch do when hexing someone?
Can you move before using the bonus attack from the Great Weapon Master feat?
Can Prehensile Hair perform combat maneuvers?
What character creation method did Gary Gygax prefer?
Can a DM be kicked out of the RPGA for making an encounter more dangerous?
What spells other than remove curse can cancel a Cursed Blade? Any level please, any spell caster type
Mundane Saving Throws
Can you ready an action for "immediately before my next turn"?
Can bonuses of the same type stack indirectly?
What can characters observe about their own and others' hit point totals?
How can a DM brighten the mood?
How unbalancing are additional talents?
Is Con modifier × level added to HP every level-up?
What does the Shining Example Gift actually do?
What's a good printing/publishing service for tabletop RPGs?
What does it take to get a exceptional success on a extended action?
Techniques to improvise and run interesting social and mundane scenes
What can PCs buy out of game?
Can Lodestone Lure be used on adjacent targets?
Does Crossbow Expert's point-blank attack benefit apply to all ranged attacks?
What is the average outcome of this opposed roll resolution mechanic?
When does a weapon that's the target of the spell hurl return?
What determines when a monster qualifies for a bonus feat?
What is the typical range of high ability scores in D&D 3.5?
How to let PCs run a kingdom in Dungeon World?
Most useful low HD animals for Embrace the Wild?
What are the best ways to gain flight?
What are the rules for exhaustion?
Purchasing a Bar
Why would I ever choose rolling hit points?
Do NPCs gain feats in certain circumstances?
Can you Dash twice on the same turn?
How can the petrification from the Flesh to Stone spell be removed?
Can I delay my turn in D&D 5e?
Do Wasatch rail warriors have power points?
What was bardic performance like in the D&D Next playtest?
Can a default Duuk-Tsarith perform the Stone-To-Flesh spell for creation of a Watcher?
Can I take an action in the middle of another, eg a standard action whilst moving?
How can we fish an indestructible item out of lava?
Can elves sleep / dream?
How can I politely handle a GM who doesn't appear to 'get' how Dungeon World works?
Which are the sources of a Hide in Plain Sight ability?
Is there a way to counter Mindsight?
When do I use active vs passive perception?
What is the chronological list of D&D 3(.5)e material?
How should a DM handle Vorpal + Surge of Fortune?
Giving a Weapon Bonus Damage Against Specific Monsters, 4e
Does passive perception supersede active perception?
Is it better to take the array and be Joe Average, or to roll for the odds of getting on average better scores?
How should I handle a ruling that really hurts my character?
Has "write in to impact the metaplot" been tried since the 90s?
Can a familiar learn languages from ranks in linguistics?
Help remembering the name of an adventure?
Is casting Create Demiplane (Any) from the Astral Plane a valid way to get a permanent demi-plane?
Apocalypse World without Fronts: Are we missing out?
How are hybrids/cross-breeds calculated?
Does Flame Strike Bypass Fire Immunity?
Can a lake of eternal fire be created with the spell blast of flame?
Fantasy Game Where Your Stats are Based on Your Real-life Skills and Abilities
Is Drunken Master really as bad as everyone says?
How to handle a dog in AD&D 2nd ed?
(Various) Shaman archetypes and valid domains for Druids
Definition of "using" in Dizzying Mace
Where can I find the highest CR Vampire ever in an official adventure module?
How to GM and Play a Character fairly
Can the Family Subdomain temporarily bring someone back to life?
How should I handle the rest of my party, who believe all Necromancy must be evil?
Animated Armor Trap
Do Transfer Magic and Enchant Magic Item work together?
What is the casting strength limit of an enchanted item?
Does rope last forever?
Do multiple Speed weapons grant multiple extra attacks?
Is knocking someone prone worth it?
Do Familiars Advance in Power?
Where can I find the full Clyde Caldwell artwork that appears on these covers?
How does looting treasures worth legend points work?
Which book is all about the Hosts?
When does the Charisma bonus from Fire Affinity apply?
What happens when an incapacitated character takes wounds?
How does the GM split the exp in Earthdawn?
How to tell when a material is flammable?
What to roll to unjam gun in Shadowrun 5e
Must the body remain on the Material Plane during astral projection?
Can a flying character have the Prone status? Do they have to "stand up" if they have a flight ability?
What is the purpose of a spell attack modifier?
Does an ordinary sword get cut in half when a lightsaber blocks it?
What is the role of different damage types in D&D 5e
How do I quickly find the official errata for any book?
Can at-wills be used to fuel other abilities that require spending uses?
What exactly does the Attack Bonus on weapons apply to?
How can I Help a New GM Get Started?
Should I use a GMPC to help a small party?
How do I deal with players that do not put much effort on character background?
Cheat-proof online die roller?
Is there a rule (or house rule) for capping exploding dice damage in Earthdawn?
Danger and Location Moves in Dungeon World
Can Hellfire Blast be used with the Strongheart Vest soulmeld?
Do Invocations duplicating spells count as Spell-like abilities of those spells?
Symbiotic Races in 4e?
Advancing a monster with spell-like abilities
Does alternate form affect somatic component?
How does Breath Weapon interact with stealth?
How does shadow magic work when its reality exceeds 100%?
What's the deal with Pazuzu?
What happens when Hiding behind one's tower shield?
Spell to Duplicate a PC
Why is using a tower shield a bad idea?
Are ranged attack within melee reach disadvantaged if non-adjacent?
How does a dungeon ring work with regard to scrying and teleportation?
Duelling serious costs between characters
Can you free-tag multiple aspects at once?
Do Mortals have a means of casting magic?
Why is spellcasting not improvisational, like martial combat is?
How do I deal with one evil PC in a party of good PCs?
Is your ability to hit someone in D&D 5e independent of whether they are holding a weapon?
What are the consequences of starving?
Arcane magic and divine magic detect/identify
Can one use detect magic to detect undead?
Do you get max hit dice value + CON towards HP when you first dip into another class?
Does the appearance of a vampire remain the same forever?
Bonus dice for being descriptive
Can I prepare/ready a quickened spell?
How can I get my players to do extra “homework”?
Building Doctor Strange as a SorcLock for Adventurers League
Can a blink dog take items with them when using their Dimension Door ability?
How does the Called weapon enchantment work in conjunction with Armor Spikes?
Does moving into an opponent's square generate an Attack of Opportunity when you do so with a 5-foot step?
resources for building a dragonborn bard?
Do the feats Combat Casting, Warrior Priest, and Uncanny Concentration stack?
Can I Craft A Wand of Fireball at CL 4?
What is this "black mist" in Demon?
How can an infected creature weaponize its inhaled and injury diseases?
Which class would be considered the strongest given high ability scores?
What Dread Powers do the Demons have?
Supernatural Territories
Inevitable Strike: do I have to declare which die is which?
How does switching weapons work?
Can I Make a Charge Attack at the End of a Barreling Overrun?
Shatter spell versus mundane weapons and armor
Do companions get action points?
Are spider webs flammable?
Can a Night Elf swim naked in a volcano?
How should we thematically deal with failed skill checks?
Do spells such as Hex and enhance ability affect attacks rolls?
In what ways can I make my character Huge without changing his form?
How are Legend Points from creatures split when one PC died in the fight?
How much should PCs be paid?
Does the Eladrin Soldier feat grant Greatspear proficiency?
Is a touch spell's charge sufficient to hit an incorporeal creature?
Is there a specific gauntlet to test home-brewed character classes?
Is there a way to use the higher of your wits or dexterity to determine base defense?
Origin of the term "Splat Book"
Foxes for druids and rangers
Does a passive Perception (Wisdom) check add WIS mod + Perception skill?
Can Dragonblooded Characters Take Draconomicon Dragon Feats?
How does XP expenditure/gain work when crafting an artifact?
What families often have Merchant Patrons?
How is a tranquilizer gun used?
Do Stun Grenades hurt Vampires?
What are the mechanical effects of smoke grenades' smoke when using Auspex?
How does mixing tracers and HP rounds affect burst-fire attacks?
What stuff gets used in rituals?
Could a lightsaber deflect a laser blast from a TIE Fighter?
Is Bleed worth optimizing
Can a construct be undestroyed?
What is a more realistic carrying capacity for a backpack?
As a party meat shield, should I start with levels in Barbarian, or Druid?
Are Mad Science Prosthetics viable in Deadlands?
Arcane focus influences both attack and damage?
Does anything prevent gaming Downtime Building checks this way?
What prestige classes include the Class Feature of "+1 level of existing class features"?
How many Actions are allowed per round in DND 5e for a 2nd level Rogue
Can Deadlands Mad Scientists re-use Alchemy Formulas?
If a Warlock's Summoned Ally deals damage, does Curse damage apply too?
How many attacks does using a net let you have?
Semi-Blind-fighting with firearms in nWoD
How to revive a stagnant Fate points economy in my game?
Do Warlock Ally's attack stats not level up?
What Gaijin items are banned from trade?
How to create a dungeon based on a realistic tomb, but still enjoyable to explore?
Attacking a grappled foe
Can already dead characters be resurrected?
What are the advantages to choosing a 2nd Edition Monks over other classes?
Foci cost in Shadowrun 5ed
Can I craft a 25 AC piece of armor?
Does Bless Have Costly Material Components?
How does the gift Two-World Eyes work in comparison to Dual Senses?
Will trading the Monk Martial Arts feature for the Grappling Feat cause problems?
How many creatures can Summon Warlock Ally summon?
What do you do with a drunken sailor early in the morning?
Plane shifter Hole of Oblivion (patent pending)
How to deal with players rolling dice before establishing the context of the action?
Help me buff out an Efreeti
What's the average damage increase from Elemental Adept?
What is the biggest weapon wieldable with a Goliath + Wield Oversize Weapon?
In D&D 3.5, are Ability Checks, Attack Rolls, and Damage Rolls mechanically distinct?
Can Monk with Warshaper increase the size category of unarmed strikes?
What happened to disease in D&D 5e?
Attacking multiple enemies in Dungeon World
Dungeon World campaign length - how long to reach level 10?
Vampiric Touch/Inflict wounds Spell target Overlap
Would the 1st level Burning Hands wizard spell burn down a wooden house/inn?
Can a Power Word spell be cast silently?
Olfden selling limits for magic Items
Is copying Summae really this easy?
What skill to oppose undodgeable energy weapons attack rolls?
How many attack/damage rolls does a sorcerer make when using the Twinned Spell metamagic option?
Setting a table atmosphere that keeps players energetic during long encounters
Wielding a one handed large weapon with two hands
Using more than two arms to wield a bigger weapon
How can I imprison my characters for a long period of time?
Haunts 'weakness: slow': manifests at initiative rank 0?
Herbalism kits and stabilizing characters
How specific does "beast you have seen" have to be for Wild Shape?
Pathfinder- What would using staff in main hand while using a light shield and rod in offhand entail?
Does 3.5e have an equivalent of the Psychic Paper from Doctor Who?
What's the attack for Fettering Aegis, if any?
How rare are these miniature AD&D books?
How to calculate the expected damage increase from Empowered Spell?
To what extent does the spell Consume Likeness duplicate equipment?
How can I create a character with a gryphon mount?
Paralyzed enemy and Witch Bolt: Auto-crit, on a hit?
Is Thunderwave centered on the caster?
Is additional damage from a spell counted as part of the same attack?
Is the spell Soul Shackles dysfunctional?
Increasing Enhancement Bonus on Specific Magic Weapons
What is maneuver Threshold in Catch-up/Break Away tests?
How can I get fellow Paranoia players to betray each other?
When does a GM's reserve pool reset?
What exactly is an "issue" in Atomic Robo?
Why does participating in Brainstorming in Atomic Robo give you Fate Points?
How does enemy damage work on a Hack & Slash partial success?
Do shield's AP stack with the player's armour AP?
Are there critical hits for spells?
What penalties do shields have?
Is 4th edition D&D compatible with 5th edition?
Prestidigitation and Druidcraft "harmless sensory effect?"
Can a creature that saves vs Web move through it afterward?
Booming Blade: Initial damage is what damage type?
How does the Ranger's Extra Attack work with two weapon fighting?
As a player, how can I get a particular item I want?
Mechanically simplified team-ups in Fate Core
Should I worry about players abusing the Know-It-All move?
Links between Type, Subtype and Race (and Template)
How often should I plan for the players to make camp?
What should we do with a player who can't deal with a tough decision and has brought the game to a halt?
What is the save DC of a supernatural ability?
Can 4th edition D&D be played without using miniatures and a grid?
Is there a class like Ultimate Magus for Pathfinder?
How is an entity's Rank determined when it's not listed?
If a race grants "spellcasting as a 1st level sorcerer" would a prestige class that advances spellcasting classes advance these spells?
Attacking with a blade in main hand while holding a bow in off-hand in 4e?
How do I figure statistics for a skeleton or zombie I've animated?
How do I choose a Mood for my game?
How can I break world building down into something manageable?
What happens to a changeling who (accidentally) drinks some blood of a True Fae?
Should I tell the players the exact stats of monsters they fight?
Are HP part of the fiction, or part of the meta?
Does a shield protect the PC, even if it's not hit?
I have 100,000 gp but can't buy gear. What do I spend it on?
What Happens to an Eidolon's Equipment When It is Dismissed or Dies?
D&D4 Boots of rapid motion vs Rock Armor
How to decide which of my intended classes to start as when multiclassing in D&D 5e?
What should I consider when levelling a multi-classed character?
Ordinary people and magic in D&D5
What is the advantage of casting the Light cantrip on an object an enemy is wearing or holding?
Fudge Dice Augmentation
Is it possible to craft an item that provides a skill bonus to Spellcraft?
How can I hide a chess puzzle in plain sight?
Eldritch Blast with multiple beams and Agonizing Blast on a single target: Cha Mod just once?
Planar Ownership—how does it work?
What's the game in which the PCs themselves have character sheets?
Simple fantasy-themed RPG for just two players and a GM?
Can high level Eldritch blast be used with War Caster?
What sort of damage would a buzz-saw weapon deal?
How can I get players to fall for this trap?
Have I overlooked some way of gaining characteristics?
What does the letter in parentheses after a spell duration mean?
Are Obligation, morality, .... combineable? (in the same character and for character generation)
Why are there no benefits for ageing? Aren't the penalties a bit high?
How to Reconcile the MERP/RM High-Magic System with the Low-Magic Middle Earth Setting?
Can Thieves wield rapiers?
Negative Aspect Compels: How often is too often?
Star Wars D6: How to make different alien races interesting and unique?
Does the Natural Armor a Synthesist Summoner Gains from a Fused Eidolon Stack with Base Race's Natural Armor?
How do mind transfers interact with soul loss?
Why do the Starter Set characters have unexpected attack bonuses?
Does a proper Gamist-Narrativist hybrid system exist?
How far does Sympathy reach?
Can a Monk replace Elemental Attunement when learning new Elemental Disciplines?
Where can I find information on all the familiars, including those not statted out in the PHB?
What are the stats for an Armor of Fortification?
Grapple + Totemic Attunement (Eagle) = Zangief's Spinning Atomic Piledriver?
Can a Summoner Cast the Summon Monster Spell With His Eidolon Out?
Where can I find rules for Revolver Fanning?
Do natural weapons have the Finesse property?
Would it be worthwhile handing a Servant of the Emperor back to the Inquisition?
As a Sorcerer, how can I improve my reaction melee weapon attack?
How does one find new spells?
I failed to open a lock. Now what?
Can a caster prepare extra cantrips?
In which Ravenloft domain does the "Tapestry of Dark Souls" take place?
Order of Combat Operations (Warlock's Curse)
Anything to ignore weapon damage decrease due to being small?
Can Protection Fighting Style Be Used After The Roll?
How do I get a player to befriend a Hostile Human NPC?
Supporting degrees of success and failure when rolling
Where do all those new Avatars come from?
How can I encourage my players to use overcome and create an advantage actions?
How do armor stack with physical defence?
What's the name of the AD&D module with the parasitic worms in the rubble?
Should Burning Arc be a ranged touch attack?
Are the names of the more generic planes copyrighted under the OGL as Product Identity?
rigging precision SR5
How to optimize a TWF Barbarian Elf
What are the limits of the spell Mending?
Can Blocks be useful in melee combat?
Balancing character intelligence against players wits
How do rotes and cantrips work?
Do specialties stack?
Can you intentionally fail a skill check?
What is the workflow in Commercial RPG writing?
Is it possible to launch a magic missile at the darkness?
The Warcaster Feat and Arcane Focus
Do you share your story titles with players?
Is there a Maximum force rating?
Is there any way to gain access to Evasion without taking multiple levels of a class?
What actions can I take to move a PC that is in our way?
Can I change the alignment of my intelligent item?
Reading a creatures Melee attack
How does Divine Smith's metamagic adjustment reduction work?
How flexible is the Inquisitor spell repertoire?
How does a Flaming Sphere's movement work?
Are the Slayer's "Deadly Range" Slayer Talents and the Sniper "Deadly Range" ability the same?
What is commonly known about Bruenor Battlehammer?
Surprise when kicking down a door?
How do you tell your PCs about something that only one of them senses?
Did Kelemvor lose the death domain to Myrkul?
How long does it take to equip a shield?
How can I build a Shardbearer?
Killoren Lifespan?
Pathfinder to Dungeon World Conversion
Does a mithral rose change your weapon to silver, or add it?
How does one dispatch a helpless opponent?
Can a Kindred Revenant breed with a Kuei-jin Dhamphyr?
Can Disguise Self be used to impersonate a specific person?
How should I handle arcane spell failure in pathfinder?
Does a ritual-summoned gargoyle get its own turn in a fight?
How much should my cleric charge in a shop?
Which multiclass to choose for melee-damage-dealing mage when starting from Wizard 5 / Fighter 1
Do Gauntlets have spell failure?
Does Age of Rebellion have an open license?
How can I make a deal with a devil?
How can a level 11 druid have a Dire Tortoise as an animal companion?
Are characters limited to 20th level in 5e?
Can Bag of Holding + Portable Hole Turn Enemies Inside-Out?
How can the Starter Set wizard have five skills?
Arcanist Bloodline Development and Familiars
The curse of Sutekh and kinfolk
Do cantrips gained through Pact of the Tome use Charisma or their default stat?
How to reward players that come prepared for non-combat, non-RP situations? I.e., real life
Do hunters have to know it's a supernatural to get practical experience?
Modifying spell components to add flavor
What happens when you lose a Merit or Flaw's prerequisites?
What silhouette number do droids and playable species have?
Does the Sorcerer feature Draconic Resilience work with shields?
How do you learn new Force powers?
Where do you go when you die?
How does the GM determine if Thunderwave attracts unwanted attention?
What is a good system for a political espionage game?
What causes intoxication for Dark Eldar?
How can damage to a Ranger's animal companion be handled?
My players are using Create Memories to rob everyone blind
How is Controlled Rage handled in Pathfinder Society?
Which issue is Dragon Magazine's Martial Monk in?
Does a level 9+ Synthesist Summoner have Multiattack when fused with their eidolon?
Does Magic Missile really always hit a creature of choice?
Can an Orc use their Aggressive trait, plus Dash, plus running?
Casting multiple spells in a single round
Does a Strix drinking the breath of a victim exsanguinate the victim?
What's the probability of getting three matching faces in any one roll of four Fudge dice?
Revealing game world information
Can you roll a dice pool or multiple dice rolls with only one die?
Size/difficulty of encountrs for lvl 10+ in D&D 3.5
Are mounts proficient in armour (barding)?
Do I need PHB3 to use Psionic Power?
Couple RPG/Two Person Roleplaying?
How to Balance Magical vs Non-Magical Classes
What feats, traits or equipment can increase the use of Aid Another or its bonuses?
How to challenge epic level characters?
Do Nightsticks stack with themselves?
Does the lack of automatic AC scaling mean you get easier to hit as you level up?
How does the (Main Weapon) tag work in Only War?
What to do when my players want vanilla?
What to do when a great idea comes too soon?
How to distinguish between arcane and divine spellcasters?
Taking out-of-career specialisations
Does the Sapphire Hierarch's prereq "Access to the law domain" require actually choosing the domain?
Air Elemental's Whirlwind
Are there any sources more concretely describing the Shield spell?
How do chases work when multiple characters are involved on both sides?
Using (Android) tablet as a virtual online whiteboard
Do you need a Ranger's Feral Senses to have positional awareness of invisibile creatures?
Is rolling Stealth in Combat an Action?
How to run a wendigo/demon
Properly describing enemies: how much detail to provide?
Can a druid's 2 uses of wild shape be used consecutively?
How to brief a party on WoD setting
How do I create fantasy cities?
Can one attack for damage after having grappled an opponent?
What should I do when other players refuse to engage with my character's flaw?
Two-Weapon Fighting & Bonus Actions
What happens in Wolsung when you can't take more scars?
Official 3.5 Rule for level adjustment when applying a template?
Can a Vampire fall unconscious due to physical damage without entering torpor?
On repeat translations to the same recursion, do you always use the same foci?
How to create a character with the same combat flavour as the Viper (Game of Thrones)?
How can I find a challenge/dilemma for my robot character?
Can the Detect Magic spell detect prepared spells or spellcasters?
Dice pool success probability with one exploding die
What happens when a familiar 'dies'?
When, how and in which order does equipment break?
Do Multiclass Spellcasters Have To Spend Additional Spell Slots?
Explosive rounds in Pathfinder
How can I speed up action in an IRC-based Shadowrun game?
Can you retrain the Magic Initiate spell using the Spellcasting feature?
Does using a Jagged dagger, used as an implement, get the ongoing 10 damage for attacks
Berserk SFX for NPCs
Does an unconscious character accumulate damage?
Where to get prepared Characters for Scion?
How does background count affect an Adept's passive powers?
What does it mean when a spell gives two durations?
How do I approach the probability of a d100, using 2 d100's?
What is the CR/XP-Character Level relationship for opponents?
Can a 5e D&D character acquire multiple archetypes from the same class?
Does drinking a potion permit an opportunity attack?
How does finding herbs work?
How quick is an immediate action (spell)?
Can a Ranger learn spells outside the Ranger spell list?
Does corruption affect the choices you make?
How to play a published adventure solo?
Does a Slayer's Studied Target Bonus apply to the sneak attack dice as well?
Fumes mechanics for Acid Elementals
Fey Beast Tamer, Scaling of your Fey Beast companion
Confused about fighter's Two Weapon Fighting Style
Can a character grab a potion from a pack and drink it without using their action?
Can you make a Spring Attack with a single standard action that includes both the attack and the movement?
Is your character's ability to avoid attacks based solely on AC?
What does Use an Object cover?
Dice roll methods and their averages
Throwing more than once per turn
When Wild Shaping, does your HD change to match the creature form's HD?
Where can I find stats for greater spirits and elementals?
Can you jump in combat?
Custom paper character sheet that's updatable without erasing
Arcane Ward and Resistance
How do Druid animal companions work?
Optimal Dragonborn Warlock for DPR/AC with Blade pact and Fiend patron
Prop Coins: what denominations should I buy to get started?
How does dungeon world combat work?
In Emerald Spire, is a room or entire floor an encounter, and when should I give out treasure?
Does Elemental Wild Shape work like regular Wild Shape?
What effect does combining Mithril and an Armored Kilt have on armor category?
What can a character do during a rest?
How can I effectively keep track of the timeline of a campaign?
incorporeal, corporeal source in case of spells and damage
How to deal with player MacGyver-ism?
Does the Hex spell's damage apply to spell attacks?
Designing a spell to create works of art
When do Lair Actions occur?
How should I adjust my campaign for additional players, unforeseen high stats?
Does Concealment exist in D&D 5th Edition?
How does one stop the rogue from trap checking every five feet
Is encounter balancing/creation in 5e different to previous editions?
What classes are designed to pair together in lore or class description?
Rogue Talents and Feat Prerequisites
Benefit of Armored Kilt
Monk 4 + 1 level full BAB Options
Did I Calculate this Crit Damage Correctly?
I'm DMing for a party of two. How can I make sure my players have classes that can play well together?
Is blasting a suboptimal strategy for 5e Wizards?
How does Anticipate Teleportation Greater affect someone walking through a Dimension Door?
Is Resilient (Constitution) the go-to choice for a level 1 variant human diviner wizard?
Did my clothes catch fire?
Are there rules and guidelines anywhere for loot in D&D 5e?
Can I dodge if I don't have the initiative?
How does the temporary feat granted by Paragon Surge work with preparing spells?
Active Opposition with Free-Form Professions in Fate
Does Flurry of Blows count as a full attack?
Where do adventurers keep all their stuff?
Capturing enemies alive in Warcraft tabletop
Can I use Minor Illusion to create a wall, hide behind it, and attack with advantage?
What Influence Did Sean K. Reynolds Have on Pathfinder's Monk?
How do I help players engage with plot despite giving me no good background hooks?
Does the game break if a character can't fail Appraise skill checks?
Do Black Tentacles Bypass DR?
Does Assassins Strike deal Max damage on a Critical hit?
In Nomine Superiors for a Psychological/Surrealist Setting
How does Demon: the Descent handle the common problems with Splinters and Time Travel?
Scion Underworlds in Geist's Cosmology
When players have settled into "routines" for runs, how to break them out of the rut?
What is a "Melee Spell Attack" and how does it differ from a regular spell?
Can I sustain Weapon of the Astral Flame twice and get two attacks with it?
Which issue of Dragon magazine had a chart for volleys of arrows?
European Medieval Fantasy RPG with an appropriate setting, minimal bookkeeping, random characters, and simple rules?
Is it a bad idea to steal characters from other media?
Does casting a spell from an item allow you to apply class abilities that are used when casting a spell?
How to ease down the munchkin factor?
Can you use combat expertise with no melee targets?
Can a player controlled Dire Wolf carry another character?
How much experience points should be given to create rank 2 characters?
Can a spellbook contain cantrips?
Some "Storm Soul" questions
Can player's build be changed in some way?
Fire Elementals in wooden buildings
Full Attack Bonus With numerous attacks
Does Brains over brawn Factotum skill apply for grapple and initiative?
Differentiating between class level versus character level for alchemist discoveries
Most viable Battle-Priest for PF Wrath of the Righteous
How does Anticipate Teleportation Greater affect yourself?
Am I suppose to change the difficulty of my npc as needed
It is possible to make Vampires, Night-Elves and Warforged to play along?
How do characters retreat from an encounter?
Acquiring a spellbook without being a Wizard
Can Wizards wear cloaks and capes instead of robes?
Can You Flank with Reach?
What is the Point of Barreling Charge?
Is the Alert Feat better than an Ability Score Improvement for a Rogue?
Can you maintain concentration on a spell from another plane?
D&D 5th edition questions
When a Book of Shadows is replaced due to loss, are rituals that were inscribed in it lost?
Can I have 2 variants of the same class?
Stacking Manual of Quickness of Action +
How can I boost my Beastmaster Ranger's bear's attack roll?
Is repeated playing the only way to test system balance?
Differences Between Warpriest and Paladin
Who wears the purple robes?
Is there a disadvantage I'm missing to starting outside my "main" class?
Is Echoing Spell + Spell Perfection infinite castings?
What are the Pack Animal rules in OSRIC?
Finding a system which allows the setting of SWAT / hostage rescue
How could a highly destructive character contribute to gameplay?
What rules should I employ for conflict in Dread?
Can I make ability checks when my ability score is lower than the DC?
What happens to a ranger when her alignment changes to CN in 3.5?
Do D&D 3.5e's Warlocks always source their power from a pact?
How do I deal with Messiah Complex Players?
Creating an easily-defeatable dragon
What does the Battle Cleric's Lore +2 shield bonus mean when I'm not proficient with shields?
Where can I find the stats for a magic item that produces magically delicious spices?
What is the best weapon option for a Templar Cleric?
LARP: Group psychology in antagonistic player groups
What are the limits of Glibness concerning Deception?
Title of small press Space Colonization-Faring RPG
Can you use Wish to duplicate a spell at a higher level?
What is the purpose of Light and Dark Tone?
How does Hazirawn work in Hoard of the Dragon Queen? [Spoilers]
Are there mechanics for a PC to pull a levitated PC?
Does an Incantatrix learn new spells per level?
What's the reasoning behind the weapon restrictions on AD&D 2e's mage?
Shadowrun 5th ed Drones running silent
How do I deal with exploding dice ending bosses too quickly on Super Power Companion Games?
Is there a ranged weapon with an 18-20 crit range?
Does any of the material in Kobold Press' Sunken Empires clash mechanically with Alluria's Cerulean Seas?
Do touch-range spells create an attack of opportunity?
Does reincarnation affect magic ability?
What is the maximum HP of a Ranger's animal companion?
Incorporating expanded crit-range into anydice?
Using a familiar to deliver a touch attack with the Ready action
How can Investigation be used passively? (as with the Observant feat)
How should I implement False Appearance?
How to handle the magical girl genre in Fate Core?
What's the best max damage build for a goliath Fighter(weaponmaster)?
Good source material for building a Kobold empire?
Are spells that must overcome Spell Resistance worthwhile?
Pathfinder Equivalent of Infinite Scrollcase?
Dualwielding non-proficient Pact Weapon: are you proficient with the off-hand?
How do ranged weapons work
Where are the stats for the Condemner Boltgun?
How can I make this adventure more exciting?
If a mount without a saddle dashes does the rider need a saving throw?
Do I know in advance whether a bonus to attack roll will help hit?
Feats and dips to attack multiple opponents at once?
Roleplaying play-by-post game for one
What's a reasonable rule for relaxing item creation feat requirements?
Do Half-elves count as Humans for the Favored Enemy class feature?
How can I best train my two animal companions for attack and utility?
Do I need to play the original Call of Cthulhu before Achtung! Cthulhu?
Is the value of currency significantly different between 4e and 5e?
Keeping track of in-game time, and multiple timed events
Level advancement and continuation in Temple of Elemental Evil, Scourge of the Slave Lords and Queen of the Spiders
How can I gain a combat advantage with a bluff check?
Today, War (domain) changes
How can I get my players to "go down the rabbit hole"?
Why are the recommended DCs grouped by 3's?
Does a Dracolich possessing a new corpse reform as its original type or as the corpse's type?
Using Dodge (Mythic) as an Immediate Action
Does a dragon's alternate form get class levels?
Does using wild shape allow extra movement?
Brutal Weapon Property and the Bugbear's Oversized Weapons ability
Are druids, rangers and elves opposed to the more "civilized" people?
Can a multiclass Wizard copy any Wizard spell they find into their spellbook?
How can you cast a spell at a caster level much higher than 20 in Pathfinder?
How can you safely handle one of the PCs being central to the plot?
How would a PC go about channeling a storm in game?
What's a good Difficulty for a 5-aspect 20-skill point FATE game?
How can I roleplay multiclassing to explain new class features?
Can a druid using wild shape and Natural Spell be counterspelled?
What's the difference between a Dictated Scene and an Event?
Free-floating magical effects and planetary rotation
How long would the example session in the MouseGuard corebook be?
A fellow player is uncooperative with the group and gets GM favoritism. How do I handle this?
Build - Maximum nonmagic Damage with Level 3 Character
How can characters access resurrection services during the Starter Set adventure?
Does a power improve with your level?
Is there a fantasy system that has a similar mechanical complexity to Ars Magica, but with a more robust melee system?
How can I run a 5 character adventure with fewer players?
How do I make Puzzle Bosses more interesting than a Knowledge Check or tedious pre-research?
Are there limits or costs to Wishing forever for ability score increases?
Dealing with an Aquatic Troll?
Buttering up the Brainless — Social checks on unintelligent npcs?
Summoning, Unsummoning and Familiars
How to identify a spell being cast?
How do I let players know that not every encounter has to be hack and slash?
What's the best way to deal with a group that combines lazy and proactive players?
Creature's treasures and legend points
Can a warforged just walk through quicksand?
Is there a way to attack the mental stress track of mortals without violating the Laws of Magic?
Can a character target multiple enemies with multiattack? Can they be separated?
Drawing and sheathing a weapon in 5e, and the actions required
How can I increase Spells per Day for my Inquisitor most effectively?
Does Clone spell makes someone effectively immortal?
Can one win points for acting both for and against belief in a session?
How many targets can be hit by wall of lava?
Can I use the Fabricate spell to make a Keen weapon?
Can I True Polymorph a goblin into adamantine (and then forge him into a sword?)
Healing negation
Is a Summoner wearing Mithral Breastplate subject to ASF?
Is there advantage on a non-adjacent attack against an unconscious creature?
Approaches for shooting?
What to do with all this money?
Does the Ring of Animal Friendship allow a save?
Making a Wizard NPC with Familiar
Rapiers for Fighters Light or One Handed Weapon?
Can I throw a Snowball made of fire?
Can spells that target weapons be cast on magically created temporary weapons?
Do the greater and normal versions of a spell stack in Pathfinder?
Does the "Pass Without Trace" spell enable a character to hide in plain sight?
20 foot square versus a 20 foot circle on a battle mat
How should I go about blowing up a bridge?
When does Hoard of the Dragon Queen start?
How do you GM well for a party of characters of vastly differing ability and interest
Hand of the Mage with +2 Wisdom
When does a creature called with gate act?
Where can I find the rules for an eviscerator in Deathwatch?
Is there software for generating encounters for D&D 3.5e?
Use of Technology at the Tabletop
An in-print superhero game system which is descriptor-based?
Dislocation enchant, does it stack with Splitting enchant?
Is a Wild Shape attack considered an unarmed strike?
When a War Caster Wizard carrying a shield casts the spell "Shield" does the AC bonus Stack?
Keeping track of time in Dungeon World during combat/conflict
When do I need to declare I'm blocking in Star Wars Saga Edition?
How can I learn how to lay out an "evidence scene"?
Sorcerer, mage, wizard, magician, what's the difference?
AD&D/2e: how do you play a PC that's from a NPC race?
What is the best way to multiclass Bard and Sorcerer?
Does the level prerequisite for Invocations refer to class or character level?
Is there a genre-agnostic RPG as complex as Aftermath RPG?
How does one handle a bottleneck of enemies in a doorway?
When creatures provide cover against attacks, can they be hit?
How to hire freelance writers for my self-published RPG who will adhere to my canon?
Does an intelligence boost retroactively give skill points?
How can I get mic-shy players invested in roleplaying over Skype?
Duskblade with a 1-level Crusader dip?
Are there rules for called shots in D&D 4e?
Do other creatures provide cover?
How does the Diviner's Portent ability interact with Advantage and Disadvantage?
Which creatures in Middle Earth can speak common in the One Ring RPG?
How do you pronounce “svirfneblin”?
How much can saddle bags hold?
Do I get to choose spells for a Faerie Dragon Familiar?
Can an unseen servant hustle?
Does a bone bow adjust automatically to the user's Strength?
Does Icon of Fear's additional effect still work if no ally is close enough to the target?
Is there a real use for the Medicine skill?
What are the specifics of the Summoner's eidolon summoning ritual?
Ready Action to 5-foot step a Reach Weapon
Neutralize Poison and previous poison ability damage
Looking for a versatile but reasonably fast combat system for hard sci-fi setting
Does Magical Darkness Protect Light-Sensitive Creatures from the Effects of Sunlight?
Changeling to early Warshaper options
Advantage to a literal "Army of Darkness"
How to prolong a spell in absence?
Can you use readied actions to avoid being hit?
How does the 1st edition D&D Color Spray spell work
Durations of chained conditions
How to quickly introduce character creation mechanics to new Numenera players?
Could a lvl 1 drow disguise their race from party for lengthy period of time?
Why wouldn’t I just run away from the eldritch horror?
Will Improved Trip & Knock-Down yield up to 3 actions per attack?
Is studying rules and pointing out which ones we've stretched or broken ok?
How do I narrate a Called Shot to the head?
Are there any online virtual tabletops with 2.5D or 3D views?
Armored Wisdom to AC
Do you have to have thieves' tools in order to pick a lock?
What inspired the Ioun Stone?
Lightfoot Halflings -- is their natural stealth penalized by armors that normally confer a disadvantage to stealth?
Is there a dwarf god for the Light domain?
Is there any way to teleport to a person in Pathfinder?
Clarifying the wraith's Life Drain attack in the Lost Mine of Phandelver adventure
Burst Power +2 because of Cone Template?
Can bardic music Inspire Courage be combined with attack actions?
Using a net while mounted to drag someone around
Where are errata posted/published?
What can a wizard take instead of a familiar at 1st level?
How can I balance my Earthdawn encounters?
Free-form spells?
How does damage from Arms of Hadar get assigned?
How does a regular sized helm interact with vision and head armour?
Does a Wizard in Ochre Jelly form split, and if so, what happens to the Wizard?
What Free Methods of Elemental Specialization Exist in Anima
How do I use Unlockables in Marvel Heroic Roleplaying to represent a mentor?
How do I handle attacks with multiple damage types on an unconscious player?
How does Jack of All Trades interact with Reliable Talent?
What happens if the effects of two different damage types contradict each other?
Do Bards gain bonus spells from Dragon Disciple's "Blood of Dragons"?
Can NPCs tell I am casting Command?
Is it possible to have many people using aid another use craft to earn a lot per week?
How loud/obvious is a wizard casting a spell?
How do I handle large conversations with multiple NPCs?
Puzzled about buff durations
Where does the Sun go at night?
Is there something that should be making my spell saving throws stronger?
How Can I Understand Anima's Cosmology, Particularly with Regards to Time
How should I talk about temporally active events with my players?
How easy is it to make the distinction between a druid in beast form and a normal animal?
Is there a way to make a human character that is kept alive by an unfinished task?
Anger management: How to keep raging
Where is time travel introduced in Anima?
Death Magic and Vampires
What makes a Servo Skull fly?
Alternatives to Wisdom to AC
What ways are there to magically enforce an agreement?
How can I give rogues opportunity in a different alignment system?
Writing D&D content (adventures, mostly) as a paying job, is it possible?
I want to be hit, but my AC is too high
Impact of Obtenebration on the (Pen)Umbra
Is a Servo Skull still "alive"?
Does Trid Phantasm affect the perception of characters within its area of effect?
What Should I Roll to See if a Character Remembers a Face?
Does "Wild Shape" require the caster to have seen the elemental they are changing into?
What are the benefits of taking the sage background?
What special materials exist for weapons and armor in D&D 3.5 and Pathfinder?
How does a Wizard achieve a very cheap spellbook full of spells?
How do Metamagic feats apply to Warlock Invocations?
Are missing extremities still missing in Wild Shape?
Can I choose to grant Combat Advantage?
Best way to port 4th edition characters to 5th edition
In what order do multiple readied actions with the same trigger resolve?
How do I use a Roc as an animal companion?
What happens when a flying creature is knocked prone?
What feats should a human rogue take to be stealthy?
I have an Ardent-Battlemind, and I need some ideas for feats
Can I throw my hands to spite my enemies?
How to handle compels that affect the entire party?
How to start Role-Playing Games
What Level of Superior Recovery Does the Monster-Creation Version Give?
Does Heedless Charge, Domino Rush and Improved Trip work together?
Does a character get all Skills or just Class Skills?
Warforged resolve with reparation apparatus
Which Ananasi Book is Complete?
Is there a way to increase Base Attack Bonus?
Can PCs learn skill, proficiencies, or spells from other PCs?
How perceptive are trancing elves?
What's a good item or spell for creating a magical surveillance state?
What major differences exist between the 1st english edition and the 2nd english edition of Anima?
What kind of check would it be to identify meat?
How do I play in a system with rules that aren't written down?
Difficulty of Skill Challenge
Help me manage a Vampire homebrew roleplay issue
RPG system that best balances practical gameplay, meaningful player choices and a deep and open campaign setting
Looking for a free-form PvP RPG with a "last resort" arbitration mechanic
What do the Strix look like when they are "flying"?
Does a line of salt prevent a baned entity from crossing?
Does the Necromancer's Skeletal Minion prevent familiars gained from other sources?
Can you use swift or free actions whilst nauseated?
War Caster opportunity attack spell clarifications
What can I leave out of a first session?
How do you handle the cost increase for magic items with multiple effects?
How does mounted ride-by attack work?
Can the adept powers stack with bonuses from implants?
What is the Post-Cataclysm Population of Neverwinter?
Can wizards learn spells that are not on their class list from scrolls?
Can mystic theurge be entered early using Magical Lineage?
Can an Unseen Servant be used as a scout?
How do I prevent retreating to rest and heal from being tedious?
Can a Pathfinder Vampire store blood for later use?
Does the "Primordial Soup Kitchen" Campaign from Andy Hopp's "Low Life" need much updating for Savage Worlds Deluxe rules?
Can a magus with a high BAB cast two spells or attack and cast, with their full attack action?
How does concealment work?
Can you use a readied action to act on a different round?
What can I do to help a pretty weak Halfling Barbarian?
Rule-lite titles available in Japanese (PDF would be even better)
Would it be OK to allow Sublime Chord to smooth and join both castings?
Can I "shove" with a reach weapon?
Can a vampire enter a temple?
Is a victim of the Mind Control Power from Necessary Evil ever aware of their plight?
What is a "funnel"?
Can a wizard use his familiar's senses to enlarge his "you can see" area?
Do I choose an archetype as well as a class?
What are some good combos with Come and Get it?
Where can I get cheap 28mm D&D figures
How is counterspell a fair spell?
How can I gain an attack of opportunity when a creature moves INTO reach?
Can wizards have familiars without the use of the find familiar spell?
Why would I ever cast True Strike?
How can PCs defeat a magical Necrotic Cyst-based surveillance state?
Transforming the Book of Artifacts to 5E
Are these conclusions regarding Magus's Spellstrike and Ring of Force accurate?
What is the duration of a spell from a magic item?
Solo or 2 player adventures for 5e
How does the Trickery Domain cleric's Invoke Duplicity Channel Divinity option work?
How do I make adventurer-resistant door opening counters?
How to expose information without making a villain monologue
How to increase difficulty on the fly?
Latent Awakening in Shadowrun 5
Energy Substitution and Energy Admixture. Usefulness and Mechanics?
How do I calculate if a spell hits and how much damage it does?
Do Permanent Shadow Points Ever Go Away?
Does the rider need to expend an action to ride a horse?
Chaotic Neutral Alignment and Greed
Will I lose my undead traits when I'm resurrected?
Would time travel also be considered inter dimensional travel as well?
How can I tell if Shillelagh has been cast on a quarterstaff?
Banishment in an Area that Prevents Teleportation
How many spells per day does a wizard/necromancer multiclass get?
Are there any metamagic feats worth taking for bard?
How to add invisible ink to a character sheet?
Are you immune to the fear generated by a creature after your first successful save?
Action in Combat , Can I make a full attack with touch attacks for a trigger spell?
Can I use Hero's Defiance (or an immediate action) before I've had a chance to take my turn?
How to make D&D-like Alignment work
Can the heal spell (and other positive energy effects) work on constructs?
Are humans living creatures? By the rules, that is?
How can I build a self-propelled ground vehicle using the Dungeons & Dragons 3.5 edition magic rules as written?
Is there any way to see through Darkness without removing it?
How does a host realize somebody has gained a mark by hacking?
Can I use a Transference weapon to transfer grabbing to someone else?
How do Bane bonuses from multiple sources stack?
Can a Moros mage use Sculpt Ephemera to enhance items indefinitely?
For Pathfinder, how do I go about creating mutagens and extracts as an alchemist?
Good system for Jekyll and Hyde games?
In the area of effect of Sleet Storm, do creatures gain the Blinded condition?
Does the Poisoner's(Rogue) Master Poisoner Ability change the onset and frequency times?
What happens to your physical belongings in Twilight and Shadow Realms
How to DM mind control effects without angering my friends?
Are Missile Attack bonuses added to Attack or Damage rolls?
Is there a way for Adepts to swap/retrain adept powers?
Can Entangle be used indoors?
Can fireball burn away vegetation 'enhanced' by Entangle?
How many scrolls can I have deciphered at once?
Why is "Blast" more draining if it seems worse than alternatives?
Looking for three specific Magics & Powers in GURPS 4E
Can a player pick and choose quantity of spells on the fly?
What was the name of this Cleric Prestige Class that shapes metal with its bare hands?
Can large characters sqeeze through 5' spaces between 2 enemies, or do they do something else?
What happens when a creature falls on player-improvised spikes?
Is falling damage affected by falling speed?
When do you get to act after shaking off hold person?
Help Calculating Dice Odds for a Unique d6 Dice Pool
Showcasing a support-focused mortal's contributions
What Aspects of Pathfinder Are Most Important for New Players?
Is a Bluff check necessary when telling the truth?
Is it legally okay to blog a D&D 5e story (actual play)
Playing (some) monster races without racial HD
Why is the soft level-cap set at level 20, specifically?
Is there a Lunar Calendar for Werewolf: The Forsaken?
Does "the Beast" have a mind of its own?
How to create meaningful relationships with NPCs
Does the Moonbeam spell work indoors?
Do gauntlets do anything?
Harmlessly Harvesting Poison from a Monster Companion
Shield Master - Can the shield push be taken before an attack?
Is there a noticeably better buffer class in Pathfinder?
Will there be Dungeon Master Kit for 5e?
Is it possible to attack two characters at once in Fate Core?
Is a vitalist's Steal Health ability a natural weapon, as a lamia's touch attack is?
Does the enhancement bonus on armor apply to armor class?
How does a dire toad's tongue attack work?
Do animals have souls?
Continuing the Reign of Winter adventure path
How much do scrolls and potions weigh?
Is the Warlock's Awakened Mind telepathy two-way, or only one-way?
How best to progressively reveal the layout of a location to players?
What is the actual casting time of Summon Monster?
What exactly is a "Wound Rank" in L5R
How does the Shatter spell's single target option work?
Aspects that Interact With Other Aspects in Fate Core
Mook Stress Boxes in Fate Core
Are there any generally accepted standards for larp weapons?
How can I attack with two weapons on the same turn?
Are the quotes in the Anima rulebook legit?
In Pathfinder would damage reduction and resistances stack?
Cursed items are being Identified too easily
Are there requirement for crafting magic items?
How would you judge the alignment of this action and the possible repercussions?
Can prestidigitation colour something permanently?
On-the-Fly Crafting
Can an Earth Kineticist (Pathfinder Society Occult Playtest) sunder at range?
How do I keep the game moving without undermining player agency?
Does XP allocation double as a catch-up mechanic?
Where can I read more about the demonic tattoos from Mortal Remains?
How can an aristocracy be perpetuated between creatures that can't interbreed?
Do wizards really have to prepare spells multiple times to cast them multiple times?
Double-Chained Kama and Kama profiency and use questions
Can you delay in the surprise round?
Can you command an unseen servant to open a door?
How would a demonic pact for home, and deceased wife and child work?
With a Driving Attack, can you attack a target you did not push?
What happens when you fall prone in water?
Do demons have gender? can their covers gender differ?
Can I Sunder Worn Armor in Pathfinder?
How do I set the Difficulty of a Create an Advantage that represents readying for combat?
Is my player's level 2 Ranger overpowered?
Designing Summoners in Fate Core
Size of Dragons in Glorantha
Electronic pacts
How can I undo the physical effects of aging while keeping the mental effects?
Advice for first-time, female D&D player?
Dealing with difficult male players, when you're a new female player?
When are targets picked for spells with multiple "missiles"?
How does power attack interact with multiple attacks from a high BAB?
How can you deal with players asking the wrong questions?
Blowguns. What's the point?
Looking for a light hearted system (allowing for a steampunk setting)
How do Laser Feelings work?
How do agents and teamwork tests work?
How does "stacking" poisons affect the poison save DC?
How to reveal plot hooks & other information when NPCs' survival depends on secrecy?
What stowed items can a Tiefling's prehensile tail retrieve?
How to Cast Reincarnate On Yourself After You Have Died?
Which circle of Hell is the frozen one in Pathfinder?
Does an antimagic field remain after the caster dies/goes unconscious?
Are There Weaker Alternatives to Cleric, Wizard, or Druid?
Is there an official Warlock class for Pathfinder?
Divine Spellcasting as an Arcane Spellcaster
How do I calculate treasure parcels after Essentials?
Are paladins required to follow a god?
Can i use Creation Spell to create potions and poisons?
How is arrival to the City of Brass resolved?
How do I stop my players from jumping to conclusions?
Can you Plane Shift to the plane that you're on?
Can multiple people attempt to heal the same consequence in Fate Core?
Is Carthian rule more like democracy or anarchy?
Are there homebrew fix classes or rules that put Fighting types and Roguish types into Tier 1?
Can a Zen Archer monk take their bonus feats without the prerequisites?
Can a spellcaster know why a spell failed?
How can simultaneous multi-location events or periods be tracked in Microscope?
Merits of vow of poverty in this build
Does the Light cantrip cancel out the 2nd level Darkness spell?
Is there some way to skip or negate dead levels?
Does this combination of Battlemage Readiness & Spellsword Perfection with Dimensional Charge work?
Do fey spirits in the form of creatures from the Conjure Animal Spell count towards creatures one has seen for Wild Shape?
Can a character use Healing Word on themselves?
How can I quickly shut down an argumentative (wrong) player without simply making him feel like I am overriding him?
Encounter Budget in D&D 4e after Essentials
Is there a prestige class that grants Turn Undead/Rebuke Undead?
Is there any way to remove/nullify an antimagic field without disjunction?
How can you use skills of different scope to complement one another in FATE 2.0?
Should players be told to make a listen check when an enemy is sneaking about?
Heavy duty Excavation aka Stone to Mud in 5e?
Crafting times for items not divisible by 1000?
Multiple Spellbanes cancelling each other
A "perverted" guide to morality?
Paradox from enchanted objects
What is the most widely used safety standard for larp weapons?
What can a familiar actually do?
What would be good level-less and class-less system for high fantasy games?
Taking an attack of opportunity against an attack of opportunity
Converting Hunter: The Vigil to nWoD 2nd Edition
How does Clairvoyance work?
How to avoid having Dominate or Devil's Advocate dominate play
How long does it take to use an alchemist's extract?
What are the designers' reasons for making the stat boosting items provide odd-numbered stats?
How does changing a PC's creature type but not race affect the character sheet?
How do I use God as an NPC while being sensitive to players' real-life religious beliefs?
Recommendation for D&D 4E campaign books?
How long would it take to doff armour heated by the Heat Metal spell?
Is there a reason for spellcasters to have their archetype at first level, instead of at third level?
What can Fist of Unbroken Air be used for?
Do Area Spells really not affect anyone you can't see?
Grenade explosions: When are you better off being away from a wall?
Would adding Necromancy spells to the Druid's spell list break anything?
Can you dodge a grenade attack, or dive for cover?
How much does Power Armour increase your movement?
Can I cast spells that require a material component and still hold my hammer and shield?
Who can use magic scrolls?
Is there a standard way of calculating XP when the characters are in no immediate danger?
Need Help Explaining DnD
How can I start Hoard of the Dragon Queen with 4th level characters?
Can you cast spells with a Somatic component if you're holding a two-handed weapon?
Does the Alchemist's Lab provide "alchemical equipment" in the sense of Craft (Alchemy)?
Loosh farming in the World of Darkness
Traits that improve Abjuration school spells
How do touch spells work against creatures you're already touching?
What should I include in a setting book for an RPG?
How does the monstrous Burn ability affect objects?
Action economies, two-handed weapons, and spells with Somatic components
Players knowledge of success or failure(4 or less) with Disable Device(Trap)
Can the write spell copy maps or pictures?
How do I GM a character immeasurably more intelligent than myself?
Is the first encounter of the starter set really "deadly"?
Skill checks, can they go negative?
Help to the creation of epic boss battle
Fighting defensively penalty (penalty on attack rolls, damage rolls or both?)
Can a summoned rogue perform a sneak attack immediately after appearing?
What would being able to split the move action do to combat?
The Effect of Size on Using Magic Items?
Targeting a Ship with the Darkness Spell
Since Spellforge is gone, what Spellbook management software is available?
Can See Invisibility reveal an Unseen Servant?
If I take a feat that allows Critical Hits on undead, can I make sneak attacks too?
How do I avoid outlandish backgrounds when using the Background Generator in Ultimate Campaign?
Virtual Immortality
Where is the down-time "life experience" system I recall from?
What does Trap the Soul do?
Are there holidays in Eberron?
Could someone explain traits to me?
Do creatures have spell resistance while they are dead?
What happens when a burrowing creature falls unconscious?
Does a spell critical do double damage?
Is the Moonbeam spell amazing, or are we doing it wrong?
Opportunity attack when moving in and out of range of a creature in the same move?
Limitations of bluffing a PC on the bluffed PC's actions
Can players "Ready" outside of combat?
Handy Haversack vs. Bag of Holding
Clarification of the Injury and Death mechanics
When does a demon "become someone else" in a Cover?
How does a fight started by a Sucker Punch get handled?
When should I make my players actually roll for stuff?
Shoe-themed race or class features
How do the Injury and Death mechanics work (Flow Chart)
Do melee attacks provoke attacks of opportunity from other combatants?
How can I set up a villain with a really, really, long scope to his plans?
Is it possible to use the Animal Devotion Feat whilst Wildshaped?
Can Invention designs be re-used?
How long does a touch spell last before my familiar can deliver it?
How to convert a Pathfinder NPC to D&D 5th edition?
How do I go about running a Microscope game with a large group of beginners?
Combat With a Focus on Momentum
Maximum bookkeeping fantasy game with magic
How long would take for a brilliant person to decypher/crack an alien language and how to use its technology?
How to Build an Optimized Battle Cleric?
How much do I tell new players about new monsters?
Can a Druid/Monk make unarmed strikes while Wild Shaped?
How often should the players roll Bluff when interacting with NPCs
Can a Shardmind communicate telepathically with intelligent undead?
Best brand-agnostic term for encounters?
Random weather in flight-centric campaigns
Are Paladin Tenets Subjective?
Casting Flame Strike or Ice Storm in a cave/dungeon
Where does a dragon steed get summoned from, and where is its hoard kept?
Programs for generating a character sheet
Stealth and invisibility
Is there a way to affect a familiar with a spell that targets animals?
How do people handle failure in Roll For Shoes?
How am I supposed to award magic items so that PCs aren't over/under-powered?
Pricing Kaorti Resin Spinning Swords
Why are staves class-dependent?
How many Supernatural Creatures are there per 'X' population?
Difference in Core Mechanics between Revised Edition and W20?
Good mapping tools for odd topologies
When laws conflict what does a Lawful character do?
How to build an evil campaign
How do I finish filling out this character sheet?
How can a player in a PbP D&D 5e game ensure the health and fun of that game?
How Do I Assassinate a Vampire or Garou?
What happens to a familiar if the wizard is unconscious?
Differences between Hunter: the Reckoning and Hunter: the Vigil?
Pathfinder encounter building checklist
Does your spell modifier add to your spell damage?
Is “The One Ring” suitable as an introductory game?
Are there any Large playable races with a LA of +0/+1 and if so where are they?
Does globe of invulnerability exclude summoned monsters from the area?
Where can I find information on forming spirit pacts?
In Pathfinder can spells target invisible opponents?
Is there an exchange rate between hit points and spell levels?
Circle of Crone: Love-Lies-Bleeding ritual
Multiple Arms and Grappling in Pathfinder
Are there any spells that heal hit-points over time in Pathfinder or 3.5?
How do multiple-round touch spells work?
Game that Teaches RPGs effectively "by itself"
What's the highest Restriction Rating of equipment that a player can buy at character creation?
In D&D can a cleric choose to 'partially use' turn undead for purposes of, say, torture
If you taze a hacker, does he log out of the Matrix?
Should there be in-game consequences for taking too long to plan?
Pathfinder: Cleric Domain Spell Slot
How Do Giant Size spell and Shapechange spell work?
How many wisps are summoned for the barbarian spirit totem?
Can I prepare metamagicked spells in my domain slots?
Is heat metal too powerful?
Can someone immediately pick up their weapon after being disarmed by the Battle Master fighter's Disarming Attack maneuver?
Do class levels count toward the Half Dragon's breath weapon?
Can disengage be used for offence?
How can a cleric use a staff for implement powers?
Can large magical clothing be used by medium size characters?
Clarifications about the demonic exploit: Show of power
My players grow Weary of the endless Endgame
Can you attack with spells while concentrating on another?
How to house-rule re-locking a door using a lockpick?
How to defend against a rogue's Sneak Attack?
How many BP do I give to my PCs to start a kingdom?
Effect of jade contact on tainted individuals
Can magic items have permanent enchantments added to them?
When is a Lightfoot Halfling obscured by another creature?
How do you adjudicate what alignment a PC's actions are?
Magus (Card Caster) and Spell Combat/Spellstrike
Pathfinder golem senses / sight
How do I retrain myself to see characters as people and not systems?
How can I use the updated Dragons against my players without absolutely killing all of them?
What source book or books can I find information focusing on Sigil?
Have the requirements for building a portal changed?
Do Wondrous Items require the Use Magic Device skill?
Twin hand crossbow Fighter: is this build valid?
Can non-dwarves wear Dwarven Plate?
how to make a challenging run
Do damage resistance and temp hit points from False Life and the Heavy Armor Master feat stack?
What can someone do while forced to doff armor from the heat metal spell
Can I cast sanctuary as a bonus action as part of the same turn I hit someone
How does basic healing work?
Does Enhance Ability apply to attack based on that ability score?
Mage Slayer vs Hold Person
Can I benefit from magical armour while using Mage Armour?
Can druids Wild Shape into creatures other than beasts?
Can a Wizard cast Shield in reaction to a stealth attack?
Does natural armor stack with unarmored defense?
Can You Craft Magic Items At a Lower Caster Level Than Your Own?
When Calculating Magic Item Cost, Which "Spell Effects" can be combined with which "Special" effects?
Modifying hobby ranks
Can someone explain how HP's stack with various spells?
When does Armor of Agathys take effect?
Alarming potions
A game with a combat system based on standard playing cards?
Starting Resources for the New Pathfinder Player
How can an Awakened control a whole base without losing their powers?
Maximum number of points in a skill per level?
Are there alternative ways to gain XP?
Ways to remove exhaustion
How to read 2 claws in a Pathfinder monster stack block?
Did Spirit Guardians just wipe out the Orc army?
Can a lower-level spellcaster recharge a staff?
Does "going loud" allow you to take the extra demonic form pieces?
Do characters start with the tools their background says they are proficient in?
Does death cure all ills?
How can I heal undead creatures?
Can disguise self give advantage in attacks
How can I help my player make a 'Gnome with Wings' character concept work?
What kind of Den can I use to design a fair fight against the post-Vault Dragons?
What would be the best system to play Saint Seiya?
Making a rules-light non-combat version of Call of Cthulhu
Can a chameleon with Arcane Focus prepare Read Magic from memory?
When do you add the proficiency bonus?
Does Monkey Grip allow wielding 2 handed weapons in 1 hand?
How to GM for a player who knows none of the tropes Dungeon World relies on?
Demons vs. Devils?
Making a character without a soul?
Does the Twinned Spell metamagic option work with the Magic Missile spell?
Can I grab the same creature twice?
Can I interrupt a charge with Combat Challenge?
Can you delay until you are no longer dazed?
How best to optimize a 'arcane archer'-ish half-elf sorcerer in 5e?
Can I make repeated active insight checks, or can I "take 20" on insight checks?
Do villagers level up to scale with the party?
What is the most powerful, complete (levels 1–20) Bardic buffing build?
Where can I find pre-published AD&D modules/adventures?
Can a Beast Master ranger armor their animal companion with barding?
Do large creatures have reach?
Does investing temporary essentia grant long-term benefits?
Optimizing a High-Elf Warlock
Can the Demon discern the Vampires influence on Hunter retroactively?
Can multi-classing prerequisite ability score(s) be met through a magic item?
Should all players have their own Player's Handbook?
In what order are creatures affected by sleep?
How specific does the trigger for a readied action have to be?
What are the risks when a character drinks blood?
How does the Damage Conversion knack work?
Do humanoid racial feats include the 1st level feat?
Is there a way to use a standard action power when its not your turn?
Resources for campaign based in Amn region
Can a teleportation circle be made in the air?
Can a druid speak while in wild-shape?
Resources for adventuring building support
How to use a wand without being noticed
Are there any other Psionically-active metaloids?
Can you add your athletics score to defense multiple times?
Is there any RPG with a tech tree or crafting system?
How do I weaken Drinax without making it too weak?
What happens to a graft if the "donor" dies?
What do I do when no rules cover what players improvise, and I don't know from real life?
If I'm getting The Strange Core Rulebook, do I need the Player's Guide?
How does the Healer feat actually work?
Does a sorcerer's metamagic work for non-sorcerer spells?
What's the benefit to having low-light vision as a deep gnome?
What is the difference between skill- and save-specific modifiers and the Proficiency bonus?
Leadership logic question
What other undead paths are there for immortality?
Does a creature get a guild's fringe benefit for the guild's type and for the specific guild?
Can I just make tons of mutagens by handing them off to other people?
Do you make death saving throws out of combat?
Dialogue Interaction Between NPCs
How long does damage resistance granted by Wish last?
How can I make a better ruined culture?
How do I calculate proficiency advancement for multiclass characters?
Differences between 5th Edition D&D and Pathfinder?
Close-quarters spellcaster – Not a gish
Are mountain dwarves proficient with shields?
Is creating a custom land circle for the Land Druid making him too versatile?
How do you balance preserving the agency of other players with playing a character that him/herself is aggressive in combat in a freeform RP?
Does Feather Fall prevent falling damage to a creature fallen upon, too?
Is there a high-level overview of Cosmology and Prehistory?
How long till I can use the property of a magic item again?
Does Wild-Shaping break a grapple?
Magus (Card Caster) and Holding the Charge
At what level do monsters cast cantrips?
Do Domination powers make memory permanently irrecoverable?
d&d 3.5 can anyone help understand how to make a monster race as a playable race?
Is the Player's Handbook required to choose feats?
At what point do I stop my charge while mounted and using a Lance?
Are Battle Master maneuvers usable once per attack, or per attack action?
Is there something like a (readied) charge in 5e?
Can you use a Bonus Action on a turn other than your own?
What Are the Effects of a Pearly White Spindle Ioun Stone?
Is the Slave 1 not a Firespray?
Does a high Constitution give regeneration in recent editions like it does in 2e?
What is a "spellcaster" for the purpose of magic item attunement?
Assigning XP to Party: To Split or Not to Split?
What materials should a new player bring to a gaming group
Is Dex or Int more valuable for this Kensai Bladebound Magus?
Does Sculpt Flesh persist for a Lycanthrope once they transform?
Is there a good way to boost monsters with character levels?
Does contact with red-hot metal cause frenzy, as being near open flame does?
Are there rules for torture?
Does decapitation for sure kill a vampire?
How does adding class levels to a dragon affect CR?
Can diablerie be performed on a vampire who has just met their Final Death?
Is the rogue's Cunning Action plus a ranged weapon overpowered?
Can Staves, Metamagic Rods, and Other Slotless Items Be Combined Into a Single Item?
What to do when I accidentally kill the whole party?
Can I use mage hand to wield implements or attack from a safe distance?
Multiple breaking points in a scene
Scholastic fringe benefit doesn't actually do anything, right?
Is multiattack only for natural attacks?
Can Thieves' Cant be understood without a level in Rogue?
how do I deal with telekinesis abusers?
How can I save myself irregularly from a huge amount of damage that would kill me?
In character creation, is there a standard cap for the equipment you get to start with?
How to deal with Epic Dexterity?
Using nWoD dice system in V20
Does magical healing stabilize characters first or automatically grant hit points?
How much should a campaign be adapted to a player/character, and vice versa?
Use permanent or temporary willpower for gifts?
Can a Bonus Action be used outside of a combat encounter?
How is throwing distance computed in 5e?
What is the difference between Ability Checks and Saving Throws?
How do you make new playable races?
Is Serrated Pick a versatile weapon?
How many attack rolls do I need to make for an area attack?
Does a off-hand weapon get added to a Coup de Grace attempt?
Hellfire guns as a gadget
What happens when casting Shapechange and Polymorph together?
How do I make interrogations interesting?
Is the omission of a racial +2 to wisdom intentional?
What happens when a Demon dies?
With the Deflect Missiles monk feature, does the player know the damage of the attack before choosing to deflect?
Rise of Tiamat - Dragon assets [Major spoilers]
How do I handle a shapeshifter in disguise when the players go into "everyone's a doppelganger, let's murder everyone" mode?
Optimal way to build a Brawler Barbarian character that fights with his fists?
Is Shaundakul still alive in 5e?
For Touch spells with a Concentration duration, do you need to keep touching your target?
How much information about NPCs and enemies is appropriate to show players?
Can't seem to find restrictions on Cantrips?
Determining "level" of an NPC ally for purpose of budgeting encounter XP
Melee Necromancer feats?
Trying to fix my DM mistakes by starting a new campaign
Where is the history of Greyhawk deities and dragons written?
Why would an amphibious Storm Giant need to cast Water Breathing?
Does a Paladin with Aura of Protection effectively get twice the Charisma save modifer?
Will both Mage Slayer and Sentinel together reduce an enemy's speed to 0?
Am I supposed to add my Attack Roll Bonus to my Attack Roll along with my Ability Modifier and Proficiency Bonus?
How does Wish remove the Time Warp of the Feywild?
Modifying Multiple Monster XP Encounter
Paired Opportunists chain reaction from seize the moment
What happens to objects, changed while transmuted using Minor Alchemy, after they revert?
How do you adjudicate a wall run?
Does creature size affect weapon damage?
What does a magic weapon's plus apply to?
Can a character with Ghost of the Rooftops climb like Spider-Man?
How much "translation" do 3.5 rules hacks need for Pathfinder?
Joining a Legacy in Mage the Awakening
Rise of Tiamat - Final Battle [Major Spoilers]
What good are Data Sprites?
Are there generic enchanted implements in D&D 5e?
Can animals take AoO?
Does my longsword +1 add bonuses to casting, if swords are my holy symbol?
Can Hunters only pick one Animal Focus?
While using Wild Shape, do I use Unarmored Defense or the creature's Armor Class?
What does getting 'killed outright' mean for Relentless Endurance?
Can I increase the Critical Threat Range of my Animal Companion's natural weapons?
Sacred Huntsmaster with Animal Domain
Is it possible to bring undead back to life?
How can I manage my campaign digitally, without using a screen at the table?
What attacks gain the bonus from Golden Crown of Battle Command?
How is immobilized resolved in the context of Screech?
Communicating with Conjured Creatures
Casting a spell, but not using it immediately
Are the Erinyes their own group outside of the normal infernal hierarchy in 5e?
What game made leading questions a GM technique?
How does a Ritual Caster (feat) replace their ritual book?
Why do Ability Score method names imply difficulty inversely?
Can I have an Animal Companion without being a druid or ranger?
What's the fastest a Space Marine can run in Deathwatch?
Can liquid from the river Styx be weaponized?
Is a Minotaur's Powerful Charge ability a virtual feat?
Does standing up from being prone provoke an attack of opportunity?
How do you determine static statistics of creatures?
Is a Retainer actually less useful than the corresponding Service?
What does the Warlock's Fey Presence ability actually do?
How do I model a non-native speaker's weak grasp of a language?
How do I handle roleplaying these giant sorta-smart ants?
How can my undead reattach his arm?
Would the CA benefit of Hidden Sniper grant the effect of Opportunistic Withdrawal?
Does Spiritual Weapon use my own action to attack during combat?
How does the Heritic's Escape judgement ability work
Which of the creatures involved can continue its turn right after a reaction?
Can forced movement be through allies or enemies?
Does Crystalline Bonds make its target helpless?
How do I select my active energy type for Energy powers?
How far exactly does my frightened character have to run?
How to play a shy character and still get involved in play
Casting, initiative, casting time modifiers, and deciding when to cast
Can a spellcaster use Wild Arcana/Inspired Spell to craft scrolls?
Are there Skills and Ranks?
2e Monster Multiple Attacks - To Hit Penalty Per Each or No Penalty Applied
Throwing things and people as weapons, how would this work?
Can Deflect Arrow protect you from arrows with a contact poison?
What's the difference between D&D 3.5 and D&D 3.5E?
Should you communicate the number of Doors required?
How does the Savage Attacker feat interact with crits?
If two hostile players approach, why the fastest one gets to attack in second place?
Reading the racial modifier to skills in a monster's stat block
How should I handle including features from a settings book when they might cause problems for me?
What's the most efficient way to build an underground base?
Does the Hex spell give disadvantage to saving throws and attacks?
Does magical ammunition stack with a magical weapon?
NPCs and Enemies using Feats
Will enemies with Wizard spells have spellbooks a PC Wizard can learn from?
Are there any consequences to making an Unarmed Strike against an armed and armored opponent?
In Basic Fantasy RPG 3e, how do reverse spells work?
Is there a formula for recommended monster ability scores per level?
Which books are most important to learning the setting, not the rules?
Death via ability damage vs magic items
Warforged ability damage with Improved Fortification
Help me optimize a Great Old One Tome Warlock for 5e
Does the Frightened effect of Dreadful Aspect mean the target is afraid of everyone or just the Paladin?
Unseen Servant use in combat
How can I make fighters and monks better in 3.5e D&D?
Help me optimize a controller-warlock that doesn't just spam Eldritch Blast
Optimal Blade Pact Warlock with Fiend Patron for DPR/AC without Multiclassing
With the lifespan of elves, would you ever encounter a low-level elf?
What's a spell focus and how does it work?
Do Rangers and Hunters get all the abilities listed in the Animal Companion table for Druid?
Is Flurry of Blows limited to one target?
How to make someone prone without a shove / strength check?
Can a Monk utilize touch based cantrips with their Unarmed Attacks?
Are stats from D&D Miniatures compatible with D&D 4e?
Can Inspiration be used after the roll or only before?
When can you use a skill if you're not trained?
Redundant Skill Selection in 4th edition Dungeons and Dragons
Does the Monk retain his AC Bonus if he loses his Dex bonus to AC?
What about the areas without description in the Forgotten Realms?
How do I convince players that I'm not necessarily a murderous cretin?
Are monks able to substitute Dexterity for Strength when making Grapple checks?
How long do creatures from a Bag of Tricks last?
What is the advantage of Ranged Legerdemain for Sleight of Hand?
What lore is available on how summoners discover their eidolon?
How do I make an unwinnable fight fun?
Examples of "High Technology" Monsters/Traps in D&D
Does the rogue's trapfinding ability apply to ALL disable device checks?
What is the cost of Dash, Disengage, and Dodge for a mounted Ranger's Companion?
Can Minor Illusion look like a creature, or look like me?
Can luck points be used after attack rolls against me?
How does Rage interact with Wild Shape?
What other giants are there in 3.5e?
What happens when you touch a Sphere of Annihilation?
Can you Wish for a Deck of Many Things?
Can a Light domain cleric's Warding Flare be used in response to an Attack of Opportunity?
Do rogue levels count toward your Familiar's special abilities?
Does a ranger have to repeat the order for his companion to attack every round
Can a Pathfinder Summoner act after his summoned monsters act?
Can I attack with a weapon and also use a net if I do it in that order?
Do you get the equipment of your new class when you multi-class?
What should happen when a player does not follow his class at all? (i.e. plays his role badly)
What's the best way to make time spent travelling more interesting?
Will quicken spell allow a (ranged) touch attack as part of the swift action?
Favored Enemy vs unidentified target
Do the benefits of a feat granted by a class count as that feat?
Looking for "high dark" fantasy setting
What all does being nonproficient with armor apply to besides the obvious?
Starting a new 4e adventure with an old character. How should I handle treasure/equipment?
Swarms: Do they qualify for Flanking an enemy?
Overall mechanical effects of 16 point buy in 5e
Fey Ancestry - What spells and effects are covered by 'advantage against being charmed'
Would the Ranger be overpowered if their Animal Companion kept attacking once ordered?
How to handle time in D&D 5e
Should I choose targets before or after I roll for the Beholder's rays?
What would be the best way to turn the seeker into the Arcane Archer?
Is there a way to play as an actual Arcane Archer in D&D 4e?
How have the rules of D&D 5e been modified for the Adventure Zone podcast?
Can a creature who's been Swallowed Whole attack the creature it's in other than cutting its way out?
Does there exist a complete list of D&D 3.X Wizards of the Coast Web site articles?
Can a mindless creature make Int-based skill checks?
Does Aid Another Break Invisibility?
Is a character flat-footed if they end their turn mid-jump?
How do I create a balanced "Glass Cannon" monster?
Healer/Fighter help?
Tiefling Sorcerer with Draconic bloodline?
Can conjured creatures bring back something (objects or creatures)
How can I get around the drow's light sensitivity?
Does Freedom of Movement prevent being engulfed by a Thomil?
How much can you fit into a portable hole?
Merging egos with stress and trauma in Eclipse Phase
How long can a readied spell be held before it's lost?
Can clerics create holy water?
Is high level magic available in the D&D 3.5 E6 variant rules?
Is there any sort of mechanical reason to use a trident over a spear?
Good Pre-generated adventure for absolute new Players and new DM?
Does Great Weapon Fighting allow extra damage from a Battle Master fighter's Superiority Dice to be rerolled?
Keeping a group together in a Zombie RPG
Is there a resource for generating appropriate goods for a post-apocalyptic looting?
Why can't Cure Wounds heal necrotic damage done by powerful undead, but sleeping can?
What ranged monsters have the highest damage output?
What parts of D&D 5e's design heritage come from D&D 4e?
New DM running Hoard of the Dragon Queen (5e) in roll20, how do I approach using the maps?
Does Beast-Friending a horse overrule the rider?
D&D 4e - attack rolls - "level +x vs. defense" - clarification
Interaction between Bane and critical hits
Shillelagh and Polearm Master Interaction
Does a Blessed character need to be in at least the rank of a power to be able to cast it?
How do spell/magic immunity and spell/magic resistance work in 5th edition?
How fast do AD&D 2nd Edition encumbered horses move?
Dispelling Mage’s Magnificent Mansion
With two-weapon fighting, does the second weapon get the attack roll bonus?
How many attacks can a fighter with two-weapon fighting make at 5th level?
What Paragon-Tier modules can I use to showcase the Underdark?
What is this creature that increases in strength as its allies die?
Simulate/Emulate 4th Edition Avenger in 5th Edition
Is there any way a mortal could see through "Cloak Of Night" (Obfuscate 3)
How to make a great villain who your players hate more than anything else?
Leomund's Tiny Hut -- only the caster can't exit and enter at will?
Where's a good place to play D&D online?
Is there any support in D&D for Were-humans?
Is a concentration check required when temporary hit points absorb all the damage?
Civilians gaining karma?
Alchemic fire/bomb vs. Swarm of Fine creatures
How to model non-lethal combat and duels in WFRP2?
Punishment for failing to impress the god of storytelling?
Is there a way to get rid of inabilities in Numenera?
Is there a map for the feywild equivalent of Faerûn?
Where can I find free horror-themed stock audio for zombie campaigns?
Who is the Cackler?
What is Improved Familiar for?
Why does PCGen say my Pathfinder horse's bite is 1d8 damage?
Where can I read more about Leshys?
How can I shapechange as an evil Tainted Sorcerer without dying?
How can I specialize in tripping/disarming people with a spiked chain?
Can I use sorcery points to regain a spell slot to cast Counterspell?
Is there an optional rule that makes 4e's weapon attacks more realistic?
Do other vampires feel pleasure for being bitten (kissed)?
In Street Fighter: The Storytelling Game, can I take my "move action" during any part of my turn?
Is there any tool to calculate the Encounter XP in D&D 5e?
Is this Wolfwere PC race balanced and playable with standard races and classes?
When restrained or unconscious do you lose your dex bonus to ac
How to design combat for an overpowered character in a normal party?
Can I juggle another weapon between throwing a magic dagger and it returning?
Is the Black Blood Hunter's Animal Aspect's natural armor bonus permanent or temporary?
Does Casting a Ranged Spell While Threatened Provoke Attacks of Opportunity More Than Once?
What's a good starting point for (re)learning the D&D 4e rules?
How to set up a battle with a God?
When do I announce my parry?
Calculating the distance when shooting at a flying foe
Origin of "You all meet in a tavern..." cliche in fantasy roleplaying games?
What is a Wyrm in D&D?
Does using Disruptive Strike's immediate interrupt with a bow provoke an opportunity attack?
How to make your players hate your villain, but not your game
How long does smite evil last?
What does "Hard" mean in Mouse Guard?
What is the average roll of a die with an expanded explosion threshold as compared to one with an expanded success threshold?
How do I optimize a Winged Marauder Mount for flyby Bomb-Throwing?
Why don't Wizards have access to Enhance Ability?
Tree-like abilities system for Rolemaster
What Information Can I Use If I Want To Publish My Own D&D 5e Module?
Minimum stat line for ex-flight officer mage, in nWoD?
Armor and weapon enhancments
Does Dispel Magic work on Magic Circle Against Evil?
Is there a way to simulate the 3.5e Factotum in 5e?
Does Darkness cast a shadow?
How does Armor of Agathys interact with getting temporary hit points?
Are rotes tied to an order?
Running LotFP Weird Fantasy Role-Playing one-shot in 5e
How do I add the Guidance spell to Fantasy Grounds?
How do you show that a spell is prepared in Fantasy Grounds?
What's the by-the-rules difference between a Heavy Crossbow and a Large-Sized Light Crossbow?
Where can I find A0 or A1 sized maps
Monk's Martial Arts and Polearm Master
Thinking about PrC Arcane Hierophant
Wizard minor conjuration ability interpretation
How can I test a system I am creating?
Are there rules for building underground structures?
Is Smite Literally Sight Based?
Casting healing spells is automatically successful?
What swarm positionings in combat count as "contiguous"?
Are an inquisitor's teamwork feats just numbers when no ally has them?
When to allow long or short rests?
How do I keep spellcasters from casting while in jail?
How do opportunity attacks work when wielding weapons with different reach?
War Caster, a whip and a dagger, and provoking Opportunity Attacks
How does the Chain Lightning spell target?
Would using minor illusion warrant more than advantage for a rogue trying to hide?
Sculpting Spells
Can a single attack be a full attack action?
Can you cast a spell and use the attack action in the same turn?
Binder Apparatus Binding Traits List
How long would it take to suffocate in a demiplane created by the spell of the same name?
Mage armor and unconscious condition
German spell descriptions for DnD 5e?
Can you use thieves' tools to construct locks and traps, or do you need heavier tools?
What are some standard monsters or NPCs that can dispel magic?
Can a PC use a mirror or other sight enhancer to use sacred flame at a target around a corner?
Does a drake switch forms when knocked unconscious?
How many dice sets is optimum for a four player group in Age of Rebellion?
Opportune Parry and Incorporeal attacks
How do Mythic Spells known interact with classes that can retrain spells known?
Pros and cons of 2nd person narration?
Does the Magic Circle ritual block teleportation?
Optimal Wizard build giving a strongest Monk flavor ( touch or cone attack centered )
Spell/Ability Summary Printouts for D&D 5th Ed
How does Shape Climate work?
How do you handle long, thin Shape Land uses in Dawn of Worlds
How large should the Large Sheet of Paper be?
Where can I find a good introduction to papercraft?
Ritual Casting for E6 Pathfinder
Can I use a spell with a casting time of "Bonus Action" as my action?
How does a GM decide what Duty Values to assign?
GM speaking for player
System and adventures suitable for cooperative GM-less (or GM-lite) Dungeon Crawl
Using AnyDice to determine the odds of getting a specific number sequence on multiple dice
Is it legal to get species stats from Edge of The Empire if you only have Age of Rebellion?
Radiant Vulnerability + Vulnerability All + Pervasive Light
Pathfinder: Does Mystic Theurge allow me to use arcane spell slots for domain spells?
Can Dispel Magic be Readied?
What does it mean when a prestige class says "+1 level of existing class"?
Getting Channel Divinity through multiclassing in 4e?
What happens when an Enlarged Creature dies?
I can't seem to kill my party, help?
How to manage play in a zombie RPG pre outbreak
Is a dead creature's body considered an "object"?
Using a rash decision to move gameplay forward
How do I protect myself from harm and wrack?
How does the Firewind Blade's bonus stack?
Can I use animate undead on anything?
Does Mage Armor count as armor for the monk's class features?
Do these different numbers of attack stack within one round?
Languages spoken by wild-shaped druid
Is there a game-balance reason for Weapon Finesse to require a BAB of +1?
How much movement does a monk need to run up and stand on top of a 50-foot wall?
Would Psion and Psywar HD stack for a psicrystal?
What memories does your clone have when you die?
5th ed duplicate proficiencies
Can a Druid use Conjure Animals to conjure a new creature and then Wild Shape into it?
Is there a general rule for how Minor Clans train non-primary School samurai?
What are the rules for making constructs other than golems?
Enhancement bonuses and Base Attack Bonus
It seems like every skill check should always be made with advantage due to the 'Working Together' rules. Is this accurate?
Default difficulty +0 in FAE but +1 in Fate Core?
Can you mix 3e with 4e books?
How would using the 3.5e rules for gestalt characters work in 5e?
Are there more effective ways for a wizard to recover frequent and diverse ability damage other than this specific pair of magic items?
Looking for an alternative to my DM's favorite fumble table
Is it common for D&D characters be moved to or reused in different DMs' campaigns?
Casting Guidance cantrip for every roll?
Can monk move between his extra and bonus attacks?
Does move silently offer full attack?
Is teleporting out of a grab considered escaping it?
Can Vicious Mockery hit a target behind full cover?
Magic weapons add their plus to both attack and damage, and armor to AC, right?
How long does a game of Microscope take?
Two portable holes would rupture if one were inside the other, right?
Eberron-like world for Pathfinder?
Help finding D&D coin look-alike monster
Running multiple cyberdecks
What are the real Challenge Ratings of Copper and Red Dragons?
What is "Following through someone else's move"?
Is there a "Choose Your Own Adventure" style of character creator?
How to decide the level of new monsters?
Can a non-spellcaster attune to & use a wand or staff that doesn't require a spellcaster?
What does a Copper Dragon's Slow Gas do?
What effects do critical and fumble tables have on D&D 3.5?
What happens when two Spheres of Annihilation touch one another?
Does Hunter's Mark provide bonus damage to both main hand and off hand attacks?
Should every high-level druid have a treant bodyguard?
Is it possible? Arcane Archer at lvl 5?
Does poison's effect on ability scores end when the effect ends?
How can I keep Darkness on a monster
How much is enough for a 5th-ranked character to beat a 2nd-ranked character?
Are there advantages to descending AC?
Recovering ammunition (bolts, etc.) in Numenera
How can I improve this homebrewed Defiler/Preserver for 5e?
How does Max-HP reduction affect wild-shaped/polymorphed creatures?
Do you add Proficiency bonus AND the stat modifier to skill rolls?
What to do with a mean Dungeon Master?
Can I let one hand go from a two-handed weapon to use Wrist Razors?
Does a normally-mindless creature get the standard one feat if it gains an INT rating?
How can we 'regift' a group of highly dangerous gem scarabs across a continent? We don't want them anymore
I need a great short/side adventure for level 1 - 3
Dimension door, does it really have a door?
Can a character drop a net as a free action and have it affect an enemy under them?
How to interpret rules to make the serial killer from the movie "Relentless?"
How does one determine the effects of an aspect mask?
What is the holy creature around the same power as a Pit Fiend?
Do you roll for an ability score your character doesn't have?
What penalties does Sensory Deprivation apply?
Do acid and sonic damage bypass object hardness?
How do the actions work out when sheathing/drawing weapon and then casting a spell?
How can I ride my Pseudodragon?
How can I build a magical Non-Directional Beacon?
What is Wychwood?
Can "Locate City" locate a city other than the nearest city?
Should I let a character be build with foreknowledge of the adventure?
Does Hellfire Warlock give me another invocation on its second level?
Can a character relay a distance to another character in exact feet/squares?
Upper limit on "create water" container size
What do I need to run a 5E campaign?
What level should a one-shot 5-round time travel magic item be?
Can a mage use multiple Foci to decrease the difficulty of an Arete roll?
Does Sudden Light depend on which way the victims are facing?
Can a free action occur within an immediate interrupt?
How do I spend XP in Savage Worlds?
How precise or accurate are the bearings and distances given by Locate City?
Locate City: where's the origin point?
How can I make sure my minion stays in my control?
Just how involved are Explorators in their surroundings?
Do resistances from class/race and magic items stack?
Can a pelt of the beast cause the wearer to assume a form smaller or larger than normal?
Building a complete blind-flying system for 3.5e flying mounts
Can a Spiritual Weapon be summoned within someone's body?
Does a Ridable Construct Exist?
What is the spell shillelagh? And how does it make a weapon +1?
Player maps - draw beforehand or during exploration?
"Investing in Failure" in Fate
Difference between DnD 5e Starter Set and Basic Rules
Making PCs suffer insanity without seizing character control
Can a good cleric prepare Inflict Light Wounds?
Homemade flamethrower
How easy is it to create a Space Marine?
Is this custom hat-turret too cheap?
Extended rolls never fail?
Is there a set of mechanics for Craft (Mechanic) in d20 Modern beyond those in the core books?
How can I execute code depending on a die value in AnyDice?
What happens when I'm invisible and something I'm wearing has Light cast on it?
How do I read the hit damage for monsters?
Chaotic Good and Fleeing Thugs: Yet Another Alignment Problem
Can a monster with a flying speed lift a Grappled PC and then drop them?
Is a pinned character treated as having 0 Dex with respect to the pinning opponent?
What is the effect of being dragged by a burrower and buried alive?
What exactly is the World Serpent in pre-4e D&D?
How to deal with the previous DM's broken homebrew items?
How does a light shield impact your ability to cast spells with a somatic component?
Does an Undead with Wild Shape gain a Constitution score during Wild Shape?
How much should I prepare as a new DM for a play session?
Using skills in place of attacking - how can I contribute?
Does Pathfinder allow divine casters to use shields as divine foci?
Can a holy symbol take some artistic license?
Can I use Silent Image to create the illusion of a torch that illuminates the area?
Threatening OA with bare hands
What are ways for a low-level wizard to mimic divine spells/abilities?
What weapon training is required to fire ship weapons?
Can Honeyed Words be used for Feinting?
Do monsters summoned in a round get to roll init for the same round, when using per-round init?
Can a Cleric leave spell slots open to prepare later?
Can a Winged Kobold drop any heavy object as an attack?
What is the paper/pen/dice case used in the PAX Prime 2014 game?
Is there a class-and-level system that encourages horizontal character development?
When do you get plusses to your ability modifiers?
What are the rules on training NPCs?
Does Poison's secondary damage only happen once, or does it keep happening?
Can a zero-HP, unconscious and stable character be woken up prematurely?
Does the Confusion Spell Affect Ghosts that are Possessing a Character?
How much does a large monstrous spider weigh?
In Pathfinder, what happens if an undead creature's DR reduces damage to 0?
Does Sentinel's opportunity attack trigger when I shove someone?
When can a starship fire its weapons before making a maneuver action?
Are there tools for assisting with the math involved in Fire Emblem d20?
When is a monster/NPC considered dead?
pathfinder feast of ashes, can it kill?
Is there an efficient way to make an interactive map?
How to run short sessions?
Rules lawyers and how to deal with them
Riposte out of Reach
What is a reasonable result of Create Water directed above a targets head?
What in-game time span was covered in the various Forgotten Realms campaign settings?
So I am a Giant Lizard Now
Can you make your ally die faster when trying to save him from a Death Ray?
How should I make my low-strength cleric more effective at being a close-range tank?
Can Spiritual Weapon summon a natural weapon?
Does a weapon become an Improvised Weapon when used incorrectly?
5e multi-classing with a wizard level 1 and a druid level 1
I desire a tool with which to map the void
Need help working on my level 4 Ranger's Animal Companion in 3.5
Does the Advanced Class Guide exist in German?
Can create water break some of the conjuration rules?
Does killing humans impact Humanity if it's in pre-emptive self-defense?
Can a character take Attacks of Opportunity while moving without stopping?
A character with a reach weapon also has the feat Improved Unarmed Strike; does he threaten all squares within 10' simultaneously?
Can Create Water summon into a tall, narrow space?
Can Clerics take Spell Focus?
What is the status of all the Primarchs?
Do miniatures for the WH40K Primarchs exist?
Why does the Clumsy armor tag impose −1 ongoing for all rolls?
Can I add card values to power intensity in SAGA Marvel system?
Can I use skills with a sword of light in SAGA Marvel system?
Armour and shields in Aspect based combat. Fate Core
20 Stats at level 1 too powerful?
Would GURPS be a good choice for a non-magic, 19th century tech level, roleplay focused campaign?
What information should be on a Sorcerer's spell sheet?
How can I make sense of the vehicle encumbrance rules for freighters?
Limiting player freedom in introductory scenarios
Official rules for using optional skills
Can you stack abilities on a weapon or armor?
At what range can you perform combat maneuvers?
Can I make unarmed strikes without exceptional ability?
How does Pathfinder handle PCs having pets?
Good early-level feat options for a Wildshape Druid
How can I dissuade my players from attacking a deadly foe who isn't meant to be attacked?
How can I balance loot distribution for my players?
Would Shriekers prevent someone from hearing Harpies?
Do Prestige class levels stack with caster level?
Are there any canon reasons for why evil beings put up with the certainty of damnation?
Does a blind creature with tremorsense still have a 50% miss chance?
How to play boring everyday tasks
How can the Rod of Seven parts turn a player to Lawful Stupid without it becoming unfun for the other players?
What other ways are there to make a Wizard more intelligent?
I want to play Dr. Manhattan. How can I?
Clone and Cocoon, what happens.?
How strong must an NPC be if I know they can throw a car?
Do Vampires need Auspex to see in the dark?
Can anyone else learn Drow Sign Language?
Poor visibility and cliffs
Do I have to be proficient with an Implement to get its properties?
Can you use a power lower than your number of dots?
What is useful to delegate to Assistant DMs, and how many is it useful to have?
Good system for large tactical battles?
How Do Granted Saving Throws Interact with the Dying Condition?
How to deal with differing levels of ability in Polaris
Sixth Excellency and Craft abilities- Is this as awesome as I think it is?
How do I handle active effects on a creature that then splits?
Are the feats from Essential supposed to be used with the older classes?
Horror B-movie themed RPG system?
Trap/Ambush/Stealth Mechanics VS Passive Perception Confusion
Can you Detect Magical Items on an invisible creature?
Can I use Oversized weapons this way?
Does Manifester Level count as "pertinent decision" about a power?
Optimized TWF fighter level 4
Is it possible to give up class feature twice for archetypes, if you have it double?
Can tumble and jump be done at the same time?
Do longbows add 1.5x Dex mod to damage for being two handed?
Does the animal provided by the Wild Cohort feat count as an Animal Companion?
Clarification on available spells for starter kit cleric
Can a potion affect others?
How do I make a parasitic character leech off of a larger character?
Where are the rules about what sources are primary?
Can a Pact of the Chain warlock's sprite familiar use the Help action and stay invisible?
How to do passive perception checks in Marvel SAGA?
How does Taboo - passing through square of unattended object work?
How are Attacks of Opportunity and Reactions explained in Narrative Time?
How can I make a character who feeds on souls?
What is an Arcane Archer's spell progression?
Rounding up/down when using levels to determine number of uses of an ability
Optimizing Paladin's Ability Score Bonuses
What does Black Marketeer do?
How can you convey that the majority of the world isn't supernatural?
Can familiars learn tricks?
How to destroy a Quori Monolith?
Can anyone use the sapphire linked to an object with the Drawmij's Instant Summons spell?
How often does an enhancement bonus add damage?
Can I full-attack with a Two-Handed Weapon and then attack with a Spiked Gauntlet off-hand?
What is the correct Wilders (warrior surge) manifesting sequence? Can somebody draw a comprehensive flowchart?
Can I make up my own Wondrous Items and Magic Arms/Armor to craft?
How does switching covers affect bodily needs?
Beginner RPG for 2
DM is making rules without reason, how can I stop this
Are called shots allowed with ranged touch spells?
Lingering Injury and Speed
Does Arcane Disciple give the Nar Demonbinder a 1st-level spell slot?
How does the Warshaper's Morphic Body interact with Wild Shape?
Is there a mass version of Protection from Energy?
Are there any "linked" creatures that can only be defeated in tandem?
Can you kill someone with Psychic Reformation?
Remotely Disabling Traps -- do I have to disable Disable Device to allow this?
Pelor's punishment of the Undead & creation of vampires
Does Unarmored Defense function during a lycanthrope transformation?
Do the AC penalties from a lunge attack and the Samurai's Challenge stack?
What's the Constitution saving throw DC for a 200°F room?
Toxic vs. Normal Magic
What weapon should a halfling wizard get proficiency for?
Cavalier challenge bonus
Does Cloud of Daggers count as magical damage?
Can a water elemental move through Bigsby's Interposing Hand?
Mechanics of Stygian Slayer's Shadowy Mist Form
Can a druid shape shift into magical creatures?
Can a druid use Spirit Tongue to speak to magical creatures and monsters?
If I multiclass into Paladin, can I use up any class's spell slots for Divine Smite?
Can a druid use Spirit Tongue while in Shape Shifted?
Spell Area of Effect Range
What are some 'Realistic' ideas for side-quests?
What are the pitfalls of a world- and genre-hopping Savage Worlds campaign?
Determining the range of spells
How do I introduce Paranoia to a Junior High School Pathfinder RPG club?
How do Deathward and the half-orc's Relentless Endurance racial feature interact?
Is shared defense a zone effect or a granted boon?
Favored class in Pathfinder "Advanced"
Does 'World Serpent's Grasp' trigger on non-damaging attacks and item attacks?
What comes with the Pathfinder beginner box?
Casting sleep on an opponent in water, bad day for them?
Can I make an Instant duration effect Sustained?
Can my 5th-level monk use Flurry of Blows on both attacks?
Do alchemical weapons count as ammunition?
Building an item capable of creating an "antimagic field"
Would an emp-grenade disable cyber-/bodyware?
Can I teleport adjacent to a moving enemy, and then take an attack of opportunity?
Fate Core incongruence in Action's outcomes?
What's a reasonable range for the shoot skill?
How can I slightly raise the CR of an NPC?
Is a spell considered to "end" if it is re-cast?
How to deal with players breaking the game mood by overplaying their characters
How can I DM a character with more social skills than me?
Multiple-stage Disable Device rolling on complex, "strung out", non-magical traps with variable-by-means Disable Device DCs
Do antimagic fields nullify cursed items?
Can Pathfinder be played with a Dungeon World style combat system?
Can a monk's unarmed strikes be enchanted?
Is there a creature similar to The Thing?
Can two ratfolk share a mount and if so, what size?
Faster traveling in the Darklands
What happens if one casts Blink while under Rary's Telepathic Bond?
The verbal component of 'Suggestion'
Is there a lower limit to the size of creature a druid can wild shape into?
Decanter of Endless Water in Gaseous Form
What kind of spells can the familiar of a witch learn?
What kind of armor should a Wild Shape Ranger/Master of Many Forms wear?
Flying in Medium/Heavy Armor
Are there any other games with a class system like WFRP 2nd edition's career system?
Are Dominated Creatures Willing Recipients of Spells or Powers?
Does a marked enemy trigger a Combat Challenge attack when it isn't adjacent and attacks?
How to keep the group engaged when the party is split?
How much damage can a druid Wild Shaped into a spider take without dying instantly?
Which ability should be used with the power that uses another power?
Charisma Mod to AC?
How can I retain a classical (rather than medieval) feel in my game?
Is there a way for an oracle to gain or take a revelation from a mystery not his own?
Major and minor creation as crafting materials
Throwing grappled creatures at walls, et al. to damage them
Does an unarmed strike get double damage on a critical hit?
How does a PC fight multiple creatures at the same time?
When using a breath weapon do I roll against armor class?
Group Initiative
Does the monks dex bonus to attacks/damage stack with finesse weapons?
What is the maximum damage done by Divine Smite?
Level required to increase spell damage
My party is struggling in every way!
Does the Flyby trait apply when starting on the ground next to an enemy?
Are there any Open d6 pre-made modules/adventures out there?
Adding Magi-Tech to 5E
Choose Your Own Adventure Books/Games: Are there any Two-Player variants?
Why is it more difficult to hit AC than other defences in 13th Age?
How exactly does Phrenic Strike Work?
Do I always have access to my domain powers?
Are Unarmed Strikes Natural Weapons?
What Feats for a Hellfire Ur-lock Disciple?
Does the True Polymorph spell form a creature with equipment?
How to optimize an earth dwarf sorcerer?
warlock blade fiend
What skill or skills should apply to an appraisal check in 5e?
Attack Rolls Before Damage
How can I graft a beholder eye on to my body?
How is the number of spells limited in a spellbook?
How does D&D 5e handle group skill checks?
How to prevent players from using guns in a particular combat?
How should the GM rule on the inquisitor spell judgment light?
Which star wars D6 campaign set contains the blueprints / floorplans for a Corellian corvette?
In Numenera do players roll when using a cypher
What happens when you run out of movement while jumping?
When is a power considered "used" or "expended"?
Whose skull should/could I use?
Can I hide easter eggs in my spells?
If a creature holding the charge of a touch spell becomes unconscious, is the charge released?
Does an unconcious creature automatically fall prone?
Warlock Eldritch master good for nothing?
What are the consequences of eliminating the experience points cost to craft magic items?
Determining Rounds out of combat
Re-roll a failed exploration roll?
How do you learn the number of charges on a wand?
As a Barbarian, does my CMB and CMD increase during rage?
What is the Modern System Reference Document
How to make combat more tactical?
Can a cabal of awakened mages cast a spell together they can't cast separately?
Can a Creature with Multiattack use it on an Opportunity Attack?
Natural attacks against electricity-subtype creatures and AoO or AoO-like behavior
Typing non-lethal damage and its interaction with DR
What success rate design is the most "fun"?
What are the mechanics of using a dart as a ranged weapon?
Does a paralyzed druid in air elemental form using whirlwind fall down from the sky?
How do I Force Move (pull) a weapon or item out of someone's hand?
What happens when ability scores reach 0?
Can Lightning Rush also trigger an Opportunity Attack on the triggering enemy?
How much control over the narration does Fate grant the winner of a conflict when it ends in a concession?
How can I create a playable monster in DnD 5e?
Do you take falling damage after a high jump of over 10 feet?
Can you use Magical Secrets to choose high level spells when multiclassing as a Bard?
Handling many similar opponents in combat
Does the Jump spell stack with the monk's Step of the Wind ki ability?
What happens to ritual components when a ritual is cast?
What's a suitable mount for an Ogre?
Tripping with a Natural attack that has Grab
What rules or powers would break if I remove alignment?
How do I find a list of monsters meeting unusual criteria?
Why does creating a golem cost so much?
Combining various AC-providing clothing and armor
Why are the 5e releases spaced so far apart?
Can a wizard who has been dead for 100 years be raised as a Lich?
Domain spell slots for Sacred Servant
Arcane trickster and proficiency bonus
Is Psionic Body underpowered?
How does Multiattack work in Mutants and Masterminds 3rd Edition?
How far does a rogue move when dashing twice using Cunning Action?
Do druids start with animals they can transform into, prior to seeing them in the campaign?
Divine Metamagic -- do you need the base metamagic feat in a feat slot already?
Do you get disadvantage attacking a creature two sizes smaller than you?
Does the Eldritch Knight need the Warcaster feat to cast spells when using 2h or sword/shield?
Getting used to Wired Reflexes
Can a patron revoke warlock's powers?
Taking "half elven" as a multiclass move
Can you make a grapple attack as an Attack of Opportunity
WFRP 2e Weapon and Armour craftsmanship?
Is there a way to become immune to Possession all the time?
Are low level spells required to be worse than all higher level spells?
Where is the runeforged weapon enchantment in Pathfinder
Does a wyvern have disadvantage when making a bite attack against a prone target 10' away?
Do creatures summoned by the Conjure Animals or Conjure Woodland Beings spells act on the round they are summoned?
How would a ranger know he's being followed?
What are the Astral Construct possible actions in the sense of "performing other actions" and wording of the orders to achieve them?
How can I increase my reach in Pathfinder?
How much damage do torches used as improvised weapons do?
Are there rules as written for counter tracking?
Are there any ways to get a bonus feat that are not class or race restrictive in Pathfinder?
Is there a way to get a 0th level Psionic Power outside of feats, class levels, and racial choice?
Why is the Deck of Many Things called the Eater of Campaigns?
How can I make weapons of differing quality?
How to make sure items are untradeable?
Can you make a sword out of Ivory?
AD&D 2e to D&D 3.5e Protection from Evil changes
Improved unarmed strike damage bonus?
Is using Inspiration to give the enemy Disadvantage an issue?
Partial Success on Hack and Slash which kills a monster, can it deal damage?
Do skills exist in D&D 5e?
How do you handle combat in Pathfinder when there are too many foes to even count?
Is there an online random setting generator?
How often can a mount be ridden at a gallop?
Experience Awards For Role-Playing; Should I keep it?
How early can I gain a cohort with the Leadership feat?
What RPG allows me to run games for multiple teams of spirit/real characters?
What is the best way to increase AC as a Monk?
What would you roll for "attacking" an enemy with Lay On Hands?
What happens with an Oathbow if someone else kills the target?
I'm starting a D&D group with some friends with me as the DM. What books are going to be necessary + what's the best way to get them?
What Does Cat Tabi's "Always Land on Your Feet" Property Mean?
Are there predefined Military awards in d20?
How does the Durable feat work?
Explosive and Incendiary ammunition on vampires
How can I revitalize an open sand box campaign?
How does the Suggestion spell work?
Movement through diagonal blocking enemies
Does Dragon Soul pierce Resist All?
Is an unchangable character bad roleplaying ettiquite?
What is "initiative count"?
Can a serpentine eidolon use multiple natural attacks while grappling?
Does shillelagh require actual wooden weapons?
What does "possession" mean in the context of Swift Ready?
Multiple Players in a discussion
Is Microscope a good game for a conflict-avoidant, disaffectionate player?
Can a Gnome Ranger use his Animal Companion as a Mount?
What is the difference between dragonborns and half-dragons?
Word of Binding with a Reach Weapon
Attacking a Swarm with a spell while it's in a players space
Is there any problem with Android PCs healing via the Make Whole spell?
Is there any errata for the 5e DMG?
Can a readied action come between an attack roll and its damage roll?
How would a "Life Drain" power work in Mutants and Masterminds 3e?
Can Improved Natural Attack apply to Animal Devotion's serpent's strike?
Do 5e Warlocks have to prepare spells?
Punishing a player for instant-actioning
For the purposes of Two Weapon Fighting, are pistols considered light weapons?
How do I determine passive insight/perception?
What is a good game for a conflict-avoidant, disaffectionate player
How is Hold spent, and how long can you save it?
Is there any limit to how often can you Smite in a round?
Does the Daylight spell hurt Vampires?
Can a chainsword's discarded die trigger righteous fury as well?
Are there any RPGs with an insane amount of stats?
What can I do to prevent a player from breaking the game?
RPG system for "town management"?
How does the spell "Blood of the Martyr" work?
How are statistics determined for an awakened animal?
Does a Paladin 3/Fighter 1 get the level 4 ability score improvement?
Do D&D 5E characters get the characteristics of both Classes AND Backgrounds?
Which book is the Black Blade feature for the SwordMage in?
How many spell slots does a Level 3 Warlock have in 5E?
Do alchemists/investigators with swift alchemy take less time to make extracts?
How to effectively (pre)build encounters for a 'Sandbox' Setting
Modern floorplan generator?
I want to teach English with a simple RPG: Which one should I use?
In D&D 3.5, is there a mechanism to resemble the use of a remote-controlled car?
Do I have to save once or multiple times vs. grades of Shaken?
How do I find the highest number rolled in a pool if dice, and the number of times it is rolled using AnyDice?
What happens after T-Rex Grapples a creature in its mouth?
Can a polymorphed creature use class features that don't require speech or hand gestures?
How should I award XP for traps?
Should "resistance to damage from non-magical weapons" continue to affect monster CR once the party has magical weapons?
In order to use a Genasi racial power, must I be in the appropriate manifestation?
How does Flurry of Blows work when wielding two weapons?
Are Nature and Intimidate checks supposed to be this powerful, even untrained?
Applying an Intelligence-boosting Headband to an Animal to teach language?
Where do I find the rules prohibiting animals from learning certain skills?
Optimized cat dancer
Small-Scale Steampunk LARP for beginners
Can clerics use spell scrolls for spells they receive through their Divine domains?
Can a PC Sleep in Medium/Heavy Armor in D&D5e?
Does Exhaustion Carry Over From A Druid's Wildshaped Form to Their Regular Form?
Where can I find FATE Core RPG symbols?
Can Vital Strike be used with the Mind Knight Path maneuver?
What do I do about a power gamer?
How to model psychic powers as an extra?
How do I end a game without causing problems between friendships?
Can I use 3.5 expansions for pathfinder?
How can I run a game for a group of 3 players that doesn't include a healer?
Dealing with frustrated players
How to prevent a stand-off because the player that moves opens himself up to attack
Do Vengeful Strike and/or Valiant Strike count as melee basic attacks?
Where did the Eladrin come from?
How can my wizard get strong enough to carry basic gear?
What is the Hardness and Hitpoints of Mage Armor?
How does "Flexible Casting" give more spell slots?
How does the Alchemist and Alchemy Craft work?
Is a car really sufficient cover from any grenade?
Do I have to be a certain race to be a certain class, like WoW?
Can Clerics be Death Domain and Neutral?
Can you trip someone if you have no free hands?
Are there ways to knock smaller opponents back a distance greater than 10' without grappling or spells?
Do characters tend to get used for a while nowadays, or disposed of and replaced regularly?
Do I draw opportunity attacks when my mount uses flyby?
What are the best barbarian/heavy player races from a narrative standpoint?
Larping space and recruiting help
Does a Mundane Arrow Fired From a Magical Bow Count as a Magical Weapon Attack?
Can any Warforged attach a makeshift peg leg without needing an ability?
Can you choose to cast a lower level version of a cantrip?
Locking dimensions together; immovable rods and bags of holding
What parts of Wild Shape are affected by the Shaping Focus feat?
How to find the line between an investigation and railroading
How can I make simple tasks more challenging without involving combat?
Which kind of magic fits a celtic-based setting?
Can you use your own movement separately from your mount's movement?
Weapons/Means for touch attacks
How much damage does my monk's bonus attack do?
Reactive Shield Spells in DFRPG
Am I hurting my party by being a Bard?
Could Vampires use touchscreen devices (iPhone, etc)?
Is there an effect on player's reaction to treasure when raising the value of gold relative to other coins?
Damage type of quarterstaff thrusts
Do reactions like Opportunity Attacks use the regular Attack Roll?
How can I get my players to ask the right questions so that I can tell them important stuff?
Does D&D 4e have a Lizardfolk as a playable, PC race?
What can happen in a month?
What does "10% cumulative chance" mean in the description of a potion of longevity?
Do incorporeal creatures trigger symbol spells normally?
How long would it take to raise a Wyvern?
How does Resilient Sphere work?
Does the Armor Class of a potion vial include the users Dexterity modifier?
Could you be able to hide your mount with HiPS?
Is there an Anima expansion that includes stats for some example Great Beasts?
Where can I find a list of Demons for Polaris?
Can 4e druids use machetes?
Duration of the first Wizard's war and the plausibility of Atlantis's downfall taking an abroad mage by surprise
Is there a Fate LARP?
What effect on the advancement math comes from re-tooling the experience system in 4e?
Can a monkey riding a dog stab orcs?
How to handle plates and drinks on the game table?
Do the Manuals and Tomes allow you to exceed 20 in an ability score? And can they be stacked?
Can you take Melee Weapon Mastery twice and have it apply twice to the same weapon?
Does anyone know or have a introductory Planescape adventure?
Do hydras breathe X times or once?
Does the Initiate of the Sevenfold Veil's Indigo Veil protect against supernatural abilities?
Mordenkainen 's disjunction and Mage's disjunction how to protect yourself?
Can you trap an opponent in a Cube of Force with you?
What are the different types of stores I should include when designing a town? (D&D)
Does Fate or Savage Worlds have a prebuilt, low-magic, gritty, fantasy campaign setting which feature a single big issue?
Does the "Power Profiles" PDF for M&M 3e contain all individual profiles?
What is the name of the spell or effect that prevents resurrection?
Is arbitrarily high ability score increase via Tomes and Manuals practically feasible?
The Remorhaz in the Glacial Rift of the Frost Giant Jarl
Can a Peryton Dive Attack and Multiattack in the same round?
Does an enhancement bonus on ammunition impact attack rolls, or only damage rolls?
How can a Good-aligned cleric cast Desecrate?
How can I effectively connect ingame and real life experience
What exactly happened to Oerth at the end of Dance of Demons?
How to make sense of having one's passive Perception better than the active one? (e.g. when one takes the Observant feat)
How do the Spirit Guardian and Sanctuary spells interact?
How can I fairly knock a player unconscious for a doppelganger swap?
Are Warforged PCs affected by healing differently than other PCs?
What might "The Demiurge" be?
Can a Demon collect a Soul Pact on supernatural entities?
Roleplaying games for political intrigues, mass battles
Can my Ranger's pet continue to attack if I am knocked out?
If I design a PC for use as an NPC, how much XP should he give when killed?
How to deal with DM favoritism?
What is the exact benefit and usage of "Spin Identity"?
Eternal Blade's Blade Guide, and anti-undead or anti-magic effects
Techniques for rote-learning a character sheet layout?
Is this how to overrun?
Do you have to finish one action to start another one?
Are there any perk based RPG systems (e.g. Fallout III, Skyrim, etc)?
How to handle Riding Horses in combat situations (Animal Handling)
How can I increase the 'special modifiers' section of my spell saving throw?
How to implement Incremental Advancement in D&D 5th edition
How does extra damage work for critical hits?
How does Elemental Adept change the damage dice?
How can I improve the AC of my goliath warblade?
Handling a dead PC in D&D 5e Starter Kit adventure
Can detect magic reveal illusions?
Is there a resource of complementary monsters?
How to bring a player to not exclusively rely on his rote spells?
Does 4e become imbalanced when I allow any character to use any Paragon Path/Epic Destiny?
Is there any way for a 3rd level Human Eldritch Knight to have a sustainable source of dark vision?
Are fate points assigned per player or per character?
Do size mods take the place of racial mods?
How would a creature made by Mad Science malfunction?
Can a fighter two-weapon fight unarmed?
Is an Unarmed Strike considered a Weapon attack?
Are there any ways to self-inflict stress damage without also taking lethal damage?
Serious one shot scenario to showcase educational value of rpgs
Origin of Arcane Magic
Short Swords or Hand axes?
Is there a way to browse Scabard's characters, irrespective of their campaign?
What's a Warform?
How does Oubliette work if you're outside of the marked region?
How can you perceive burrowing?
Is there any way I can doff armor in a single turn?
What are the specific conditions that require a frenzy roll?
How can I make "Empty" rooms interesting?
What items can I have my players hunt for to prove the blight is back upon Ferelden?
How can I redeem the unjust?
Can a creature designate as the target of a charge a foe the creature can't charge?
Should I scale the difficulty after the party recruits a boss?
Can you attack multiple targets when you have a rate of fire greater than 1?
Are there ways to change your primary spellcasting ability other than the feats in Legends of the Twins?
Focus changes when returning to home world
Strategic play elements for Microscope
What are the ramifications of waiving the Evil requirement for the assassin class?
Is this Spirit Hunter Ranger variant I created overpowered?
What's wrong with Weapons of Legacy? and how do I fix it?
Making sure a character doesn't outshine others?
How many Ship Roles can one character cover?
How does a Ghostly Arm (graft) interact with Two-Weapon Fighting?
How do Wild Magic and Practiced Spellcaster Interact?
What happens if a deva comes to remember all his past lives?
How do spells which affect fire interact with magical fire?
Could Eye of Gruumsh be safely interpreted as Racial Subsitution Levels?
What book are the bloodvelds from?
Problems with Party Formation: "You're the DM, you can figure it out."
How do I get players to invest in their character concept and stop making new PCs?
How can a weapon of legacy be resized?
GM-less RPG suitable for a violent spacefaring game played over a messaging client?
Opposed tests with limits: is sprite compilation special?
Can a lance receive bonuses from a source other than Strength?
How to make grappling hooks a main focus for your character?
List of all core Bard spells in an excel format
Geas spell effect
What happens if a wizard uses Command Undead to command an undead to keep fighting even though it has been Turned by a Cleric?
Can Obfuscate be targeted?
Can I use the cryptography skill to learn new languages?
Do you break concentration on your current sustained spell if a new concentration spell you try to cast fails?
How do I convey that Traveller and the Outer Veil setting are more deadly than RPGs my players are used to?
Would a cahulaks-based race be overpowered compared to other races?
How do Contests and Saving Throws interact?
Player refuses to show up regularly, and when he does, never wants to roleplay
How well can a Truenamer (the recreated, GitP, The Way Words Work version) cover for the role played by a divine caster?
How much does a house cost?
Does Owning a Shop or Trading Post Really Cost Me Money?
Pushing enemies into/over difficult terrain or cliffs in 5e?
Can someone identify this specific Dungeons and Dragons product I picked up at a thrift store?
Can monsters with multiattack take grapple and shove actions?
Channel foci and nondeity Clerics- Who are your faithful?
How can I optimize Chicken Infested?
Is there a spear that is considered a light weapon?
How to Run a Trial Based on Skills?
Can brawler fighters sustain grabs from their powers?
Multiple chats in a campaign of roll20
How do Untouchables affect orks?
How can low-level PCs avoid death at the hands of a far higher-level foe?
Can Monks Unarmed Strike be used as a basic attack?
Can an Oracle with Heavens mystery use FlyBy Attack
A published one-shot adventure for a new Numenera GM
How can a mortal see the cogs?
In what state is a person affected by Hypnotic Pattern? Can they make saving throws?
Is Stormguard Warrior really that good?
What level would a Guildmaster Be?
How can a Witch gain access to Wizard spells for crafting
How much training does an animal companion enter play with?
What square do attacks of opportunity occur in -- the square being moved out of or the one being entered
Is exiting the Warp inside a solar system as catastrophic as entering it from inside one?
DnD 4e Warden's Grasp Range
What kind of people would I need to crew a trade caravan?
Do I get back the feat slot spent on proficiency if I get it from a class level later?
Can you use assistance actions in combat?
GMing against type: adding levity
Can I use an ability increase across two abilities or just 1?
Can the Infallible Messenger find an Alchemical Exalt?
Community wizards of the coast forum links not working
How do I determine an NPC's skill levels?
How do I get someone to stop being a butt for the benefit of my other players?
The tension of the possibility of failure in Fate
Can I craft my gear before the game begins?
Using downtime activity to research spells
Using an Encounter Power with Combat Challenge? [Martial Power II]
How much control do you have over a charmed creature from the Great Old One warlock's Create Thrall feature?
When does CR become an issue in the absence of magic items?
What tier is The Way Words Work's version of the Truenamer in?
What is the easiest way to determine what kind of adventure my group will enjoy?
Can I use a Wolf or a Dire-Wolf as a Warlock familiar?
Dealing with large amount of dice rolls for a single damage roll without making it drag on
How to replace the party's face?
Can an Immediate action be taken after an attack hits but before damage is rolled?
Keeping Mass Battles interesting for players
Can I use a Familiar or a Ranger Companion as temporary mount?
Making a npc with a heart problem
Are 5e Druids able to transform into Magical Beasts, or are they restricted to ordinary beasts?
Does "Immune to sleep" affect the Sleep power?
How to handle "extra" skill points?
Which significant games quantify personality traits?
Do vulnerabilities stack?
Is it possible to aim or do called shots when fanning?
Do 1's (fumbles) for gatling guns count before or after the wild die?
Do I have to roll multiple shooting dice individually?
Does Ray of Enfeeblement affect a Hunter's Mark too?
How do I portray a xenophobic, manipulative, evil noble?
How to do I show my players it's their own damn fault, without making them feel bad?
How do I introduce a larger-than-the-game villain (so that the players can beat him one day)?
What feats should I take with my Constructor Psion?
Can I brew some True Strike?
How to represent a "light" bastard sword?
Can a player expose a shielded host to wireless connection?
How can one establish communication with intelligent creatures lacking language?
Can Sleeves of Many Garments become Authoritative Vestments?
Are the 3.5e Dragonlance books third party or official works?
What options does a Rogue have to tackle Wizard and Cleric party members who are planning betrayal?
How can I get the most synergy out of this Paladin/Warlock multi-class combination?
What is the Fastest a Character Can Move in One Turn?
Do all Deadlands Reloaded Gatling weapons support Auto Fire?
Should one play Deadlands:Reloaded with SWD or previous editions?
Does an invisible creature provoke an AoO when trying to grapple?
Is the same page tool overkill for brand new players?
Does 5e's (dis)advantage rule break Pathfinder?
Do Alchemical Exalts need Slots to learn Martial Arts?
Changing elements for spells
Can a Sorcerer with an Int of 2 still cast spells?
Scorpion Whip - how does it actually work?
How to build a flexible and scalable system for PCs' NPC organizations?
How many spell slots does a Warlock 19/Wizard 1 have?
When advantage isn't enough. Other circumstantial bonuses in 5e?
How to make a weapon 'extendable', as with the Dorn-Dergar?
How to effectively combine Ars Magica's Agent rules with Reign's Company rules?
Duration of feather fall for very long distances
Why does the point buy system allow players to put "8" in one slot only?
How do Templates/monsters stack?
Where do I find out about Archetypes?
How should I determine when to use which Social method?
How can I get a feat at level 1 in D&D 5e?
How would one alter the stats on animated armor to reflect a wooden statue instead?
Does "Shield Specialization" apply to an unwielded "Winged Shield"?
Are the monsters in the MM actually following the monster creation rules?
Looking for an RPG portraying dogfights and fighter pilots
What is the pool cost of splitting effort?
Non-feat-based ways to decrease ACP and bash with tower shields?
Is there anything like an Arcane Archer in the Player's Handbook?
Rogue using Dual Wield and Sneak Attack
Does Elemental Focus affect spells modified with Elemental Spell?
Are there any new/alternate Reincarnate Tables?
Where is the petrified Oni located?
How to properly render "The Estate" when playing in German?
Can I use 4th edition Power (Spell) cards in a 3.5e game session?
How easy is it for a non-spellcaster to enable coups de grace?
Does a Cleric with high Wisdom get all their bonus spells?
Do crusader and warblade stances stack?
Does armor affect spellcasting?
Can I wield just a shield and use magic?
What published adventures are available for D&D 5e?
How can I equip a psion shaper without being reduced to clothless poverty?
Does a permanent enhancement bonus to Intelligence increase 1st-level spells known
What is the Symbol on the Amulet of Proof Against Detection and Location?
Does allowing players to choose spells from the Spell Compendium unbalance the game
How far below the average CR should I count monsters when determining encounter difficulty?
is there any risk of exploited gadgets causing compromise?
Will adding spells to the Duskblade Spell list unbalance play?
Using a 'confidence' buff to reduce party splitting up
Can I make someone visible using dye?
How to deal with a quiet player?
Are Goliaths able to wield large sized weapons in 5e?
How do I get inexperienced, reluctant players to set in-character goals?
How do I handle the castle my PCs suddenly acquired, and the shift in game focus it brings?
How do I convince my group to try a new system without always having to DM it first?
How to handle public displays of affection between players during the game?
Do I get advantage if attacking from behind?
Balancing starting dots and XP at character creation
How can I make a wizard swear something in a way that will bind them to their word?
Can all mythic spells be cast using wild arcana?
How does Naga Rejuvenation work?
How do zones and line of effect work, and are they adjusted if the zone follows the player (kinda like an aura, but defined as a zone)?
Is providing cover to an ally too powerful?
In Hoard of the Dragon Queen, can Hazirawn influence or control its wielder?
When to and when not to apply comic relief?
Can Dispel Magic be used on Geas?
Can a longbow be stored in a glove of storing?
How can I allow one character to sneak off and assassinate an NPC without boring the other players?
How to deal with stubborn player who does not participate in missions?
Is Drinax Part 8 not released yet, or am I just having trouble downloading it?
Sleeves of Many Garments. Multiple uses? Swarmsuit?
How can a Shifter get along with a Silver Flame Inquisitor?
How to easily come up with improvised dialogue
Has the 3.5e Samurai been rebuilt for Pathfinder?
How does Time Stop interact with "End of Turn" durations?
Is there a class that can change their weapon's form?
Map making for the artistically deficient
Must you pay Raise Dead component cost when using the Ashen Crown?
What spells does the Sorcerer Elemental Bloodline Arcana apply to?
How does Creative interact with the first tier ability of Levity?
Can multiple conditional bonus attacks activate on the same turn if those multiple conditions are all met?
Can a cloak be used to hide someone's wings?
Obstacles and success levels in Magister Lor
How do 2 pairs of wings work?
How to distinguish and quantify zone aspects in Fate Core
Do advantages in Fate Core just "wear off?"
Simple and Martial Weapons - is that melee only, or both melee and ranged?
confirmation on how Incite Rampage works on the Gnoll pack lord
Fate based minigames in a historic/fantasy realm?
How is learning spells of certain levels restricted by available spellslots?
What's the best way to kill a character in a way that is memorable, and treated with respect by players?
Was Chodana ever expressed?
Can a Familiar aid a Rogue's Sneak Attack?
Can Summoned Monsters have their own initiative?
Giant's Wrath and Full Attack?
Cthulhu Campaign - How to create a more satisfying climax?
Is a Shillelagh attack a spell attack or a regular attack?
Can you concede when compelled to fight in Fate Core?
What is the minimum INT practical for an Eldridtch Knight
How to get spontaneous arcane casting without an armor penalty in pathfinder?
How is a damage rounded for damage resistance?
Adding spells to enchanted weapons
Do I also add half my level again if I can add a second attribute to a roll?
Does The Ranger's Feral Senses Accomplish Anything, RAW?
How does extraplanar work in 3.5 vs Outsider and Native?
How can a creature with the extraplanar subtype avoid being sent forcibly back to its native plane?
What is the Ordial Plane and is it canon?
Different numbers of PCs to the adventure spec
Which class should an armored Wizard multi-class with, and in what order?
Should I worry about "picking the wrong spell" for a prepared caster?
multi-class order clarification
Will I still get spell failure with multicalss Kensai / fighter?
When a Warlock Invocation lets me cast a spell, do I also have to make it one of my Spells Known?
When a racial trait grants me use of a spell, does it have to also become a spell I know?
What is the maximum skill bonus that can be crafted into a magic item?
How can I hide a quiver or arrows? How big is a quiver?
What's the benefit of a Druid (or a Warrior Druid in particular) having a shield?
Who has escaped the Lady of Pain's mazes and how was that escape made?
What is Fair for a Rank 0 Shugenja
Does whether a Wizard can maintain the spell Polymorph upon themselves depend on the form they change into?
Can an enemy spend a standard action to end multiple instances of Death's Gauntlet?
On the turn after Haste ends, can you use a reaction?
How do you add more space for group stats in Scabard
How can I keep the Cthulhu mythos new and mysterious to experienced players?
Do any of these sources of AC bonuses conflict or negate each other?
Is it possible to increase the number of spell slots a wizard has?
How might the weight of a falling object affect the damage it causes?
Shadow Template ECL 6 can obtain Fast Healing 2? Ways to Obtain Fast Healing?
Why is Magical Lineage so great for Magus?
How are the two different kinds of saves used?
What are the advantages of switching to Sorcerer at level 2 versus staying with Bloodrager?
Can I save immediately against Otto's Irresistible Dance, and have a chance of never dancing at all?
Are creatures affected by Geas truly "forced" to follow your actions, or merely coerced by the threat of damage?
Does shapechanging come under Entitlement(Shapechange), the Vessel power or can it be either?
Does beast form entitlement include just mundane animals, or can you also change into things like dragons?
Can the "Transformative" special ability be added to any (or even 'every') magic weapon found as treasure?
Can a character drop a weapon in order to cast a spell that is a reaction?
"You're not there, you can't say that" in Fate?
How do I adjust Part 8 of The Traveller Campaign for more powerful characters?
How does the Sleep spell interact with undead?
Why are saving throws not typically considered an action?
How tall is a Wall of Water? Can it be made wider at the cost of making it lower?
What happens when a character is shoved into other characters in tight quarters?
Does Absorb Elements give you resistance to damage from the triggering attack?
Can I make a dive attack with a bow?
How to deal with a player in a large forum game who constantly fights in-game and OOC?
What skill/attribute combination is used for tracking?
Can a Paladin sense a Tiefling?
Cantrips for each multi-class class?
Are there any rules for degeneration of humanity?
How much does ongoing damage add to the average damage when creating a monster?
Does the Natural Armor Bonus from the Draconic Bloodline stack with Racial Bonuses?
Can a Creature Avoid an Overrun Attempt by an Unseen Opponent?
Looking for a meta-RPG about escapism in RPGs and the reality of one's actions
How much noise is necessary to disrupt the connection of a comlink?
Can you put high-power aspects on starting characters in Fate Core?
How does unconsciousness affect were-forms?
How do thresholds affect were-forms?
Can a monster use its other actions during a Multiattack?
How do thresholds affect true shapeshifters with modular abilities?
Can a Warlock become a lich?
How can I improve my cleric's survivability?
Having only one die +Gremlins
Ideal small town adventuring hub in Forgotten Realms
Can a character use a quickened action during an AoO?
Can a non-action be taken as part of an OA/reaction?
How can a creature create duplicates of itself?
Which negative modifiers should I apply when transforming myself?
Which are the best sourcebooks for creating D&D 4e Forgotten Realms?
When adding a new ability to a magic weapon, does the crafter need to meet only the prerequisites of the addition?
Character advancement - buying new skills with Karma
How do you alter encounter difficulty in regards to decreased party size?
Would the Detect Magic spell reveal a sorcerer?
Pummeling Strike + Additional Effects
How can I optimize my ranger?
How can I get better land speed with a warforged?
How to make extremely lethal stories in Fate
When benefits from an Aspect call for Fate point expenditure and when not?
Can you cast epic spells before character level 21?
Looking for the name of a rpg where players take on heroes from actual mythology
Does a Daily gained from a feat count against my current 3/day limit?
What level are spells cast at if a warlock multiclasses as another caster?
Pathfinder Downtime: Earning capital, Owning Buildings, in a small town
What are the rules for owning and training animals?
Does Extra Attack stack?
Death saving throws / critical hits
Recognize Firefly-esque sci-fi scenario with minimalist narrative d6 system?
Need to play D&D on a budget, at least for now
Fallout 3 Role Playing Game
Are there A4/letter-sized battle grids?
Vertical distances of the three layers of the Darklands
How does the Ranger Whirlwind Attack feature compare to the Volley feature?
How to turn an ex-PC into a narrative device?
Does a Readied spell immediately use a spell slot?
Does a roleplaying game that uses continuous probability exist?
Are there any Handbooks for the "Expert" NPC Class?
When does a flying creature start and end falling?
Are spells that do piercing, bludgeoning, or slashing damage considered magical damage?
How to relay a game mechanic in character
Are there negative impacts to having characters advance at different rates?
Critical damage from an Alchemist Bomb
Is there a "campaign background" story system or method?
What is a fractal style of story generator?
How does Gunnery work when Jumped In
How many times can a monk use Deflect Missiles in a round?
Level 1 fighter seems over powered
Are there any templates available for creating new backgrounds in DnD 5E?
How many attacks would be in a full-attack with this Ratfolk Monk/Ninja?
Does Pathfinder have the character imbalance problem that D&D 3.X has?
Which stat and proficiency bonuses of a creature you transform into do you gain?
Can someone use one Psychic Power multiple times in one turn?
Is there an official Pathfinder "Mana" system for wizards?
What is the prone state for a winged flying create in D&D supposed to correspond to?
What can a wizard do without a spellbook?
How does Blood Money interact with spells that take longer than one round to cast?
Is playing D&D 5e with two people feasible, particularly with the Starter Set adventure?
Can a warlock use Pact of the Blade to restructure a magical pact weapon into a different form?
When can you invoke an aspect twice for free on the same roll?
Is the High Elf's extra cantrip in addition to cantrips from your class?
Can you stack Disinformation bonuses?
Do Cleric's domain spells add slots?
Using Careful Spell on a wild magic fireball
Power based game based on describing powers' scopes
How can I make a short tutorial adventure for Pathfinder?
Is Command spell a charm?
How is it determined which souls end up in Hell, the Abyss or Abaddon?
Can a wizard's familiar take an action on its own?
Can a creature in Golarion revere multiple deities?
How powerful is the skill Bluff?
How much Truecolor Dye would I need to color a whole cloak for a medium creature?
Can you attack more than once using multiple weapons with the "loading" property?
Looking for viable build for mounted archer on a medium ride
How Should I Change the Star Trek Phaser Table?
Advice for low-level enemy NPCs
Which book can I find grenades in?
What Pathfinder prestige classes have full spell-casting progression?
How do sunder modifiers for size and weapon work?
Does reapplying Hex cost a spell slot?
In Pathfinder, what is a good class for a player who will miss sessions
Are Half-Elves immune to the paralyzing property of a Ghoul's Claw action?
What does 3/6/9 mean for damage?
How to calculate earnings for downtime buildings when the hero is away?
Why are elves immune to a ghoul's paralyzing touch?
Which of the Martial Archetypes or multiclassing as a Druid will increase my versatility the most?
How does shield bashing work?
What, if any, bonuses to AC can my allies temporarily 'turn off' so I can hit them with an Alchemist's Healing Bomb?
While flying with a grappled opponent, will they get a free grapple check any time they're above 10 feet?
Can a wizard copy prepared spells into a spellbook?
How long can a conflict statement be?
Are slasher merits a good investment for a combat focused nWoD Hunter?
My 5e character isn't very fun. How do I kill them off?
Ways to reduce Arcane Spell Failure on pre-existing gear
Can you cast a spell while holding a shield?
How does spell slot progression work with multiclassing?
Can you take advantage of flanking positions with a ranged weapon?
Creating an artifact that the heroes must destroy?
Tome of battle multiclassing recovery method
Neverwinter & Sword Coast adventures
Is expanding foam a suitable material for LARP weapon construction?
Can a support combat style be effective without magic?
Does food change with your Druid form?
What does "The Load" mean?
Is someone in an area of darkness vulnerable to sneak attacks?
How to use passive bonuses from weapon enchantments?
Can I wield an enchanted spiked shield and magic weapon in the same hand?
Accurate Population Scale of Forgotten Realms Cities
How is an emptied Doom Pool handled?
Party communication across languages
Can a single "opportunity" provoke multiple attacks of opportunity from the same creature?
How does Wish work with spells that interact with material components?
How can a human expand their lifespan in Pathfinder?
What is the point of having a 1st-level familiar if you can't communicate with it in a language?
How does Fighter Strength work in Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd Edition and Baldur's Gate Enhanced Edition?
How many attacks when fighting with two weapons?
Which Destiny should be given to a player who wants to rebuild the Jedi Order?
In DnD 5e's lower magic approach, how would the Red Wizards of Thay's magic item business work out?
What are the choices for proficiency in a musical instrument?
Mechanics for player retconning
What is a good way to introduce D&D 4e at a mini-con?
For the ability 'Expertise', can you use it more than once on a skill?
What does Martial arcanist mean for gaining spells?
Do you need to wield a magic weapon or implement to benefit from its properties?
Can a newly created vampire learn to cast spells?
Are dragons able to recognize other dragons in humanoid form?
To what point is a warforged half-heal rounded?
Can a Space Combat action get more than +60 bonus?
How can someone kill a revenant?
What weapon is the Stinger wielding?
Shield Master - Does the reaction to block a Fireball happen before or after the Dexterity saving throw?
How does increasing a creature's darkvision range interact with the feat Deepsight?
What are some ways to maximize on a huge strength score?
How can I remove/minimize the need for sleep for a character?
Costs of magic arrows
How to handle large groups of enemies?
Can weapon special abilities that don't say they're passed on to ammunition be added to ranged weapons?
Can spells be cast through a Wall of Force?
Can Wall of Stone merge with gravel, riprap, ballast rock, aggregate, or other non-solid/non-compacted forms of stone?
Can I cast darkness on an object, then turn it off and on during a round of combat?
Are there any advantages to making damage be of the fire type?
Can a dive attack be made when you would charge as part of an effect?
Does going to 0 hp due to the Immolation spell mean instant death? And is that reasonable?
Does a Healer's Healing Hands ability apply when creating magic items?
DnD 5e Optimal DPR/AC blade pact variant human
What are the mechanics of using a dart as a melee weapon?
Can I combine INT boosting Cognatogens with Fox's Cunning?
How does Magic Jar possession actually interact with your stats?
How does the alchemist's Stink Bomb work?
Does a slung Magic Stone have the same normal and long range as a mundane bullet?
Can you switch to the other Unarmored Defense by multiclassing?
How many attacks does a dual-wielding Ranger get with Horde Breaker and Extra Attack?
Can the creature created by a Simulacrum spell be affected by healing magic?
Does multiclassing have an effect on exp/levelling up?
After level 20 I can still take new feats?
Do Dragonborn get tails/wings?
What effects does Ancestry have on a Dragonborn?
Is it too late to bring up starting equipment?
With the training from the DMG can I receive any feat in any level?
How should I distribute the Strength increments on a weapon I'm designing?
Is there any way to repair an item damaged by a Rust Monster?
How do I find playtesters?
Does Hex end early if there are no more targets?
How can I get new players to explore more?
What 3.5e books are under SRD and not?
Does a magus deal damage as if using his off-hand with spell combat and spellstrike?
Learning to paint miniatures
Are all attacks rolled as one phase, then all resolved as another phase?
Do any studies exist that show what the most popular RPG setting genres are?
Gestalt Factotum//Artificer vs Factotum//Wizard
How does the 5th edition handle enhanced magic focuses
Where can I find a proper library of free adventures for Fate Core and Accelerated?
When looting a weapon, how do I determine its bonuses?
Decking in combat seems useless. Have we missed something?
What is a Cacodaemon in D&D 3.5e?
World Axis Cosmology
Does Improved Familiar feat apply to Urban Companions?
What is the meaning of 'permanent' in description of True Polymorph?
Sneak attacks in Fate Core
Can a single dose of poison applied to an edged weapon be used multiple times?
Are there specific skills required to tame mounts?
How does freefall diving work?
Does a creature with Improved Trip get a free attack against Driving Attack's victim?
Is there any good reason to fight unarmed as a monk?
How can I take multiple fighting styles?
Why can an adventuring druid using Animal Friendship only befriend half as many HD of animals?
Reviving penalties
How to handle a group of inexperienced players who split their party more often than I can handle
Dice probabilities when rolling more dice than needed
What are the major differences between Dream and Vocation versions of Princess: the Hopeful?
Can characters help one another to activate a scroll, even when having different spellcasting abilities?
Does D&D 5th edition need a board to play on?
Can a born again Promethean take a new supernatural template?
Can the Battle Master's "Manoeuvring Strike" move an ally in any direction?
Where to find a good map generator for D&D
When I make my attacks of opportunity with my X-laser, do I get to shoot a line?
What to do when players bypass plot hooks
What's with the Bloodrager's underwhelming spell list?
Since when were demiliches weaker than regular liches?
Are you considered to have a free hand while using a Versatile weapon?
What might be the downside of taking the Dueling fighting style over Great Weapon Fighting?
What can you do while nauseated?
Do the mortal versions of Athanor rely on the spark of Pyros?
Is there a way to take 10 in Iaijutsu Focus?
How many times can a Fighter hit while using Two Weapon Fighting, Extra Attack and Action Surge on the same turn?
Does every magic rod, wand, crystal, orb, and staff count as an arcane focus?
When dual wielding with one cursed weapon, which attacks get the penalty?
Whose actions can I narrate in Polaris?
Does Devil's Sight enable one to see into Hunger of Hadar?
Where does the idea of using the same character in multiple games come from?
If a creature is in Gaseous Form and it started raining, what would happen to that creature?
Does Twinned Spell work on Hellish Rebuke?
Does telekinesis/psychokinesis add Strength dice to wielding weapons?
Can multiple creatures grapple a single target?
How many Astral Constructs may exist at one time, created from the same manifester?
Does Animal Shapes continually refresh a creature's Hit Points?
How to leave a battle in D&D 3.5?
How many times must prerequisite spells be cast when using a dedicated wright?
How can I be considered bloodied while above half HP?
How much creative and descriptive power should I offer my players? Is it different for sandbox campaigns?
Can I get creatures stuck in the ground with Mirage Arcane + Illusory Reality?
How do I deal with high speed, blunt action declaration outside of combat?
Does Evard's Black Tentacles only go "up"?
Must a magic tattoo's slot match the slot of the base item?
How do I get a fairly new player interested in playing longer adventures?
Can a macro update a token's sheet?
Can you take the same feat multiple times?
Do bloodragers have to be "Barbarians"?
What is wrong with the D&D 3.5 FAQ?
What is a decently-powerful, thematically-infernal spell to replace Protection from Good?
How do Path of War stances work out of combat?
How to get others interested in restarting a very old campaign?
What happens when a Mage Hand takes damage?
How does Knocked Out work in 5e?
Stealthing and hiding
Do Dragonwrought Kobolds Incur Age Penalties if They're Not True Dragons?
How does movement with multiple grapplers work?
How much damage does generic, non-magical fire do per round?
An alchemist without spells?
How does the flaming sphere reflex save work?
How do you change the alignment of Hazirawn, the magic sword from Hoard of the Dragon Queen?
Can a character meet prerequisites using a magic item?
Can a demilich use its spell-like abilities on itself?
Can I stick darkness on an enemy with an arrow?
Two ships passing in the night, how to prevent hostilities?
How many attacks does a Horde get per turn
Does a willing creature know the outcome of a spell that is being used on him?
If you are a Half-Giant Brawler, what size are your fists for damage?
How to prevent a droid from denouncing you?
Does the Ghoul sorcerer bloodline arcana heal when you cast a spell or when deal damage?
Does Fate have precedents for mechanical inabilities/weaknesses?
Are PCs supposed to start a game knowing each other, and if not, how should they meet?
Do you have advantage when multiple sources give advantage and only one gives disadvantage?
Is a spell that rolls attack an "attack" for familiars
What is an Othur of Burnt Othur Fumes fame?
Can you use an action point while Dazed to take another standard action?
Should I warn my players when they're about to do something stupid?
Does a Ranger's Companion get proficiency bonuses twice on its skills?
Can Cleric attempt to turn undead instead of usual attack of opportunity?
Does Hex disadvantage apply to the next concentration spell?
Can a Thief use a Trick without moving?
How do I Convert Basic D&D modules to 5E?
What is the manifesting time for a quickened power?
What are the limits to the genesis power?
Are the Starter Set rules compatible with the regular D&D 5e rules?
Does a polymorphed creature remember who his friends are?
Is a Previous Edition's Beginner Set Useful?
Which player character do I attack first?
Can Mage Hand be used on the turn it is cast?
How to create a "TV Series"-style campaign with "episode" scenarios?
What benefits can a character with no domains bestow with a wand of ceremony?
Does Draconic Breath qualify for Metabreath Feats?
Can a soulknife with quickdraw use iaijutsu focus?
What happens if Fortitude sinks to 0?
What is the touch AC of an attended object?
Is there a system for creating visuals of characters?
Does the Sword of the Planes have a basis in the rules for its GP cost for its abilities?
Is there a way to completely eliminate the penalties for Two-Weapon Fighting?
Example implementations of time limits on player actions in combat
If a character has the TWF feat from 3.5 and the Ambidexterity feat from 3.0, does this remove the TWF penalty?
Does a barbarian's unarmored defense count when flat footed?
How would one create a balanced dragon PC?
Why are there no skill descriptions in the 5E players handbook?
How do vision penalties due to darkness work?
What is the cost of a Clay Golem's body?
I think the DM is trying to drive the group apart
How do you stop a group fight?
What is the point of the barbarian wolf aspect to track while moving fast?
What are the most important features of Umbral Horizons?
Can a Runesmith make more than one Permanent Rune?
Do Tabletop RPGs Require a Copyright?
What is the weight of an astral construct?
How to deal with a finicky player who regularly replaces their character?
Does the paladin's Divine Health feature protect against both common and magical diseases?
How can I gain more uses of a specific natural attack (or pair of natural attacks) in a turn?
Do you use components when casting spells if you are a divine caster?
Animal companion: Wolf to Dire wolf
Dungeon World DM companion app
Ship's Mage build (wind/water/weather themed caster)
How to model a Globe of Invisibility power
Can you Chain Prestige Classes
Optimal 5e warlock for DPR/AC with blade pact no multiclass
Are there any skills that actually cannot be gained via the Press-Ganged origin path?
Do Neraphim Get any Armor Proficiency?
Are the "fine inks" a wizard needs to copy a spell the same as the "rare inks" a warlock needs to copy a ritual?
Where do you pick up on a class after taking a prestige class?
Can Wizards, Tome Warlocks, and those with the Ritual Caster feat use spells from each other's books?
Is my monsters CR correct?
What is the income by profession and social class?
How is the Initiator Level of a Gestalt character calculated by RAW?
Does Force damage bypass DR?
How are units converted to metric in translations of D&D 3.5?
(How) Can two players of contrasting videre enter the same Umbral area?
Problems to look out for if you are a D&D group who play Fate for the first time?
What is the natural lifespan of an animal companion?
Why do Necron immortals have movement 5?
How do I create the economy behind a simple crafting system?
Is there a good tool for drawing the layout of a mansion/manor?
Precedent for a custom bardic weapon/instrument
What furniture does a beholder have in its personal quarters?
How many GMs is enough to run a Mega-Game?
AoE effects with targets on top of each other
How to execute horror when there is safety in numbers
In Changeling, does Armor of the Elements' Fury stack with multiple elements?
Can You Plane Shift to a Plane You Never Visited?
Does a weapon with concentration spell enchantment require concentration from the user?
Does all adamantine gear deteriorate in sunlight?
When you gain equal SR from two sources, how does the "overlap" ruling work?
What sort of cheat sheets should a new DM have for a better flowing 5e game of Dungeons and Dragons?
How can I convert poisons in the DMG to level appropriate class abilities?
What to do with the man of few words who can't seem to shut up? (quiet character, talkative player)
How to proceed when characters want to attack the tentacles of a Kraken?
Savage Worlds Powers - trappings and other options
Should the DM allow characters an equal opportunity to flee or avoid an encounter?
Critical combat maneuver?
Can a monk combine Martial Arts with Dual Wielding?
How do I know when to end a game of Vast & Starlit?
Can a slowed or staggered character take a 5-ft step?
Is there a paper/manuscript explaining the theory behind AnyDice?
Is there a better way to conceal armor?
Can a multiclass Wizard copy (and then use) a spell of a higher level than their Wizard level alone would permit?
Are risks of non-combat death exciting or just frustrating and discouraging?
How do I work out the skill modes for a new Fate game design?
Can you use the Duelist Prowess Attack Power only once during combat in 4e?
New Players Starting with a Remote DM
Is there a good way of adapting Megacity One maps from actual maps of New York?
What is the spell attack bonus and spell save DC of a Thief using the Use Magic Device feature?
Is it really this easy for a rogue to flank?
Is there a difference between starting to recover from consequences in Fate Accelerated and Fate Core?
Do spell targets know they were targeted?
Do Consequences change their severity if renamed?
Do magic items really cost at least as much to create as they do to purchase?
Is there a good guidleline for "Assumed Character Actions" vs Necessary Descriptions?
How does a team work with protected files?
How do I make the Pathfinder Trait 'Heirloom Weapon' function in PCGen?
What collective chat program can feature both the host's webcam AND his screenshare?
Does the elemental monk's Water Whip require a source of water?
Targeting people in astral via their activated foci?
How does it work when swarms or mobs take stress in Fate Core or Accelerated?
Can a creature hide from a foe affected by the feat Gloom Strike?
Is there a lifepath system for the Star Wars setting?
Can One Cast Spells Through an Energy Wall?
How does one drop lowest and reroll ones/lowest in the context of multiple sides of dice?
An explanation of magic in Call of Cthulhu
What are the different ways you can counter shifty enemies?
Must a barbarian in a whirling frenzy take a full attack to make the extra attack?
Can a wizard have more than one Alarm spell active at once?
Would a caster's AoE spell hit the caster?
What happens if a Summoner's Eidolon is sent 100 years into the future?
Do you gain max or average HP on 1st-level when gaining fixed HP?
As a fighter human is it possible to have a pixie as a companion?
How do PANs and Hosts interact?
Can I play D&D 4e solo?
How can I get started in pen-and-paper RPG as quickly as possible without any experienced players (including me)?
How does concentration interact with spells cast via the Wild Magic Surge table?
Wild Magic Surge - What does "You cast ..." mean for your spell slots?
As DM, what should I do when players roll perception where there is nothing to be found?
How to handle Player vs Player in FU rpg?
Must all attacks be melee touch attacks when using Combat Rhythm?
What fetishes work with natural weapons in Lupus or Hispo?
How is the druid's Timeless Body feature helpful?
Does going outside of range or line of sight after casting a spell have any effect?
Zombie point calculations seem to be inconsistent
How can Technomancers use the Resonance Veil complex form?
How do I reward creative combat improvisation without making it overpowered?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of Player-driven versus GM-driven mechanics in Pathfinder
Which of these items should I buy for my Cleric of Mystra?
Are Fair Folk strong or weak against Undead?
Relative strengths/weaknesses of Fair Folk and Demons
Relative strengths/weaknesses of Demons and Undead
When you convert a poison, does it maintain its frequency?
Does mirror image copy pre-existing conditions?
Does using a blink shirt to teleport provoke attacks of opportunity?
Does fear-induced movement count as "moving willingly"?
What is a good Modern Fantasy investigative system?
Are there any lich-type enemies for low level parties
Can a prismatic sphere exist inside an antimagic shell?
What are the implications of using AC rolls for defense?
Do multiple castings of False Life stack?
Do the rules have information on how to kill a deity?
Can a Power be Augmented Using the Same Option Multiple Times
Can I throw a weapon and then shoot a bow in a single full attack?
Is there a way to affect mindless creatures with mind-affecting spells or powers?
Are targets aware when you mind probe them if they don't make their saves?
How to Make the Math Easier?
What are the limitations of Gloves of Missile Snaring?
Is the Task Difficulty/Target Number from an event hidden by the GM?
How should character skills be categorised?
How can I make a working torch to use with miniatures?
Can Leader's Intercession trigger my ally's mark?
How to handle Legend-of-Zelda-esque magic items without aspect spamming?
How do you increase your combat effectiveness in Anima BF?
How much of an issue is "Linear Fighters, Quadratic Wizards" in 2nd edition AD&D?
When do you fall if you gain the helpless condition?
Paladin/Warlock sharing spell slots
How many dots does the player need to buy at once when improving scaled merits and styles to their next level?
Does Fey Ancestry grant advantage on the save against Otto's Irresistible Dance?
Making multiple attacks with attack bonus
Can multi-classing improve a sorcerer's solo-potential?
Can spell points be used with a Warlock?
Heroic, HP-less, Simulationist RPG Suggestions
How can you create one PC that is more than one "person"?
Imbuing an item with Owl's Insight
How to deal with lazy players?
Magic Jar without a receptacle
How to deal with stubborn players?
Can a decker use multiple cyberdecks?
How can I facilitate choice of one of a large number destinations in an off the rails game?
Can a power's effects be triggered by the power itself?
How can I summon hostile creatures or create traps with Glyph of Warding?
Can a psionic at-will from Half-Elf Polymath be augmented?
Can Bigby's Forceful Hand knock a creature prone?
Does Overwhelming Impact replace all instances of slow, or just from one source?
In 5e, are saving throw results detected by the opposing party?
Can a warlock choose a lower-level spell upcast at a higher level for their Mystic Arcanum class feature?
How obvious is Mage Armor?
How can I get Pack Flanking on a non-Hunter character?
Does the Grappled Condition limit multiple Natural Attacks?
Can I use extra attack as the bonus action to improved war magic to get 2 hits and a spell?
Can a permanently anthropomorphic animal companion take levels in an NPC or PC class?
Editable character sheet that handles multiple BAB
As a GM, should I use Fate points in a scene with no other characters?
Can a scene pass without any dice rolls?
How to handle potentially debiliating Aspects?
How to prevent conflict between characters from becoming conflict between players?
What are the legal/ethical considerations of republishing old adventures for new editions?
Does Cutting Words work on things with very low (animal) intelligence?
How much is a Gold Piece really worth?
How do I avoid awkwardness or misunderstandings when roleplaying an NPC in a romance?
How many attacks does a bare-fisted level 1 monk make?
Does Telepathy allow Emotional Urging?
What can I do with an existing feat that I later get free as a class feature?
How can I run a game with some players online and others at the table
Is it possible to take a prestige class level 1?
How much does a potion weigh?
When do you roll the damage for Cloud of Daggers?
Can spells be supercharged for free with Soulfire's new mechanics?
How can I use roll for shoes to introduce someone to roleplaying?
How to deal with a disruptive player?
How does Disguise Self manifest for creatures of very large, very small, or unusually-shaped bodies?
Are thought bottles reusable?
What would be the metamagic level of "double quickening"?
Is there a system that supports playing really high-powered characters for a Dragon Ball Z scenario?
How does the aftereffect work for the Spectral Tendrils trap?
How do I teach players to engage with a game in a rules-first way?
What is the range for mental disruption?
What do we know about the Alagondar dynasty up until the cataclysm?
What does "when it enters the spell’s area for the first time on a turn or starts its turn there" mean?
In Roll For Shoes, can XP be used immediately after receiving it?
Can you use feats in the warblade maneuver emerald razor?
Can I use non-aspects as narrative permissions?
Are Weretigers Large when in Hybrid or animal form in 5E?
How many dice does the GM roll when challenging the players?
Can you use metamagic feat on a spell where it will have no effect?
How are a simulacrum's feats, skills, and classes allocated?
What are the limitations on the "Dueling" fighting style for Fighters?
Looking for rpg rules system suggestions
How can I check to make sure my homebrew class is balanced compared to pre-existing classes?
Is there a feat for acquiring class features?
Can I use my familiar as a safety deposit box?
I'm Trying to Find the Race that's basically a Lizardfolk-Centaur?
What tools can I use to keep track of dice in Dogs in the Vineyard played over Skype?
Darkness vs Daylight Interactions
Can Twinned Spell affect Chain Lightning?
Can I use one of my attacks to cast a cantrip?
Can you have multiple cohorts?
Mechanical side effects of randomised Initiative in 5e
What options does my player have for seeing in the dark?
Can an Astropath Trascendent use or burn a Fate Point to save himself from a 100 roll of Perils of the Warp
What happens when a Paladin falls from grace?
What does "overwhelming" mean in context of magic items?
Does an aarakocra's talons attack use Strength or Dexterity?
Can a Goliath bear-totem Barbarian lift 1200 lbs?
Savage Worlds Print and Play Adventure Deck
What do Aspects do?
Does a caster under the effect of a True Polymorph spell retain their class levels?
Can I substitute a d3 with a d6?
Does bonus damage gained from magic item enhancements and implement properties stack?
How does a Ghost go to the Underworld, and Back, to get to Rank 3+?
Can a 3rd Edition Game use 5th Edition Characters?
Where can I find a system-neutral herbal designed for RPGs?
Sash of the War Champion with no Fighter levels
How to accurately calculate party level for combat once they have magical items?
Is there such a thing as a Magically Animated Coin Monster?
Tips for running a game with multiple characters per player
What RPG system is Dominions based on?
How much money does a god have, and what equipment does he spend it on?
Role playing a character that speaks in rhyme, and making it work well
Are there any ways to gain more uses out of weapon oils?
Colaborative map-editing tool for Paranoia games
What do the letters and numbers after an adventure name mean? (H1, P2)
Is there a way for a Non-Cleric with divine casting from other sources to gain access to a Domain?
Can a Paladin and Cleric get married?
What is affected by different levels of Changeling: the Dreaming's Nature Realm?
What's the price of scabbards lined with lead?
Can Uncanny Trickster Stack With Magical Trickster?
How can I recreate King Leoric as a solo monster for a level 7 party of five?
Converting Pathfinder Adventure Paths/Modules to support One on One play?
Is there a template to create a Savage Worlds world
Is it normal for others to use a player's character when the player's absent?
Does a Mystic Adept have to split their magic attribute like in SR4?
Rules for attacking an enemy mid-Jump
How to deal with moderately armoured and shielded casters?
White Lotus Riposte and AOE at-will attacks
Does the ×4 cost of armoring a mount apply to base cost or total cost?
What happens if you stop meeting the requirements for a spell?
Avengers 2 in M&M
Is there any reason not to put the +1 level of existing class features from Uncanny Trickster into Uncanny Trickster?
What good is Friends?
How many dragons exist in Dragonlance, post War of the Lance? (e.g. 360 AC)
How to use, and not to overuse, Insight skill checks?
How do you decide when a paladin has fallen from grace in DnD 5e?
Is Bahamut the same as Paladine?
What type of damage is Sneak Attack?
Best DPR Monk build at 5th level
Help Writing an AnyDice Function for a Weird Dice Mechanic
Does a druid have to prepare new spells all at once or can he prepare some spells later?
Does a Shadow double Strength damage on a Critical Hit?
Does the Elemental Adept feat pierce immunity to the chosen damage type?
Scaling a game for a large group
Good items for Sword and Pistol trench fighter using Power Attack and Deadly Aim
Can a pan flute or horn be played one-handed?
What is the advantage of wielding two swords as an ambidextrous combatant vs. wielding a single sword?
Limits breaks and spell force
Counterspelling a counterspell
How do you calculate Mithral armor check penalty?
Language and Knowledge skills and the point buy system
Can I React to a Missile Attack While in Melee Combat?
XP for Immolators using Burns Twice as Bright
How do "the masses" address clerics/paladins & other members of the clergy?
What skill is used to throw things in Fate Core?
How to end a game session smoothly
Were high level stats ever released for Lusiphur?
How many resist chances does one get against Mental Manipulation spells in SR5?
How do I get the party back together after a major PvP conflict?
Assist Decker by attaching friendly drone on hostile drone
How to kill a PC without hard feelings?
Dealing with a Diva Player
How do I read 2d10 as a percentage?
Searching for a System for Games with Dark Humour and Absurd Heroism
Can a Monk "two-hand" their Unarmed Attack for the sake of Power Attack and the like?
Warlock's Shadow Legion
Architectural styles in Pathfinder
How exactly do healing spells interact with the conditions they remove?
Does a character have a penalty attacking an attached Stirge?
What role-playing game tactically simulates basketball?
Does Backswing work with double weapons?
Can you wield a double weapon in one hand?
Is there a known reason for drakes not being in the 5th edition compendium?
Who actually is Tucker?
Paladin Smite Spells and the Steed: Can either or both trigger the damage?
With street grimoire out are there more ways by which mystic adepts can gain power points?
Why does the experience-to-next-level not change between some levels?
Getting scimitars to be light without losing class levels?
Does Cunning Stalker work if you're not adjacent to your target?
Will Team Martial have trouble with encounters?
Can my familiar use the bonus attack from two-weapon fighting to make its own attack?
How do I deal with a PC with an NPC's soul bonded to them?
Can you witch bolt the bad guy you're grappling?
Where do I find the "Specific beats general" rule?
Bard Feat Optimization: Buff/Control/Face
Why are curative spells referred to as necromancy?
What must I prepare for attending my first Encounters session?
Are the old boxed sets' contents compatible with the new Dragon Age RPG Core Rulebook?
Can you use Hellcat Gauntlets with Eldritch Blast?
Are there any documented rules about owning vanity pets in any D&D edition?
Correct way to double the amount of Power Points necessary to manifest a power through Remote Viewing
Can a werewolf regenerate lost limbs?
How do you handle injury in Roll For Shoes?
Which Enhanced senses are possible for (mystic)adepts
Can a monk using Open Hand Technique knock any size category of creature prone?
What type is an unchained eidolon
Can an unkind PFS GM permanently kill my earth elemental eidolon?
What's the perception DC of a shout spell?
Does multiattack count as one "action" that does individual attacks, or is one attack that does several damages at once?
What other pitfalls should I be wary of when using a tablet to show players pictures of monsters, environments and such?
If I have four hands, is there anything preventing wielding a magic item in each?
Are there errors in the save bonus values within the stat blocks of some 5e monster Manual stat blocks (e.g. Dracoliches)?
How do you calculate your character's Maximum Hit Points?
How can I make a Pathfinder campaign like the Monster Hunter video game series?
Are spent spell slots maintained when True Polymorphing between two spellcasting forms?
Is there a rules light game which supports classless characters, simple and tactical combat, and the game master running a GMPC?
What system is most suited for my Harry Potter game?
Good yes-or-no questions to ask
Are true drake powers active in both in natural and drake form?
Do adept enhanced physical attribute modify karma cost?
Why are the Faithless condemned to the Wall of the Faithless after death?
How are Oriental Adventures shaman animal companions updated for 3.5?
How do I increase a drone's Response?
Does an enemy being easier to hit prevent backlash?
How do some of the Hunter Abilities interact with Extra Attack for Rangers?
How to balance a custom Shadow Skip power?
Blighter Blightfire range
Can a Gnome Summoner (Unchained) ride his Biped Inevitable Eidolon if the Eidolon can't take the Mount evolution?
Roleplaying a multiple personality character?
Does an entity speaking the god's language understand every language?
Need help finding this DM tool!
Are there rules creating/rewriting/converting classes for Pathfinder?
What does the Cleric alignment requirement mean for Clerics with no deity?
Games with dynamic combat system
Broken links in the community-made Tome of Battle Build Compendium
Can an Archlich keep using Blood Mage features without any blood in their body?
Does a Cave Druid keep their Tremorsense when wildshaped?
Does pounce let a Beast Shaped Druid rake even before Beast Shape grants rake?
How many forms is a Druid familiar with?
Alchemist using splash weapon feat to attack square and redirect to invisible creature
How can we prevent a sorcerer with the Subtle Spell metamagic option from casting?
Is choosing a different class feature too good as a (house rule) replacement for a redundant feat?
How does the Charger feat work with multiattack?
Can a paladin use divine smite with a thrown weapon?
How to model a dice pool with re-rolls mechanic?
How do polymorph-like spells interact with spellcasting capability?
What does the P stand for in the Type column?
What elements make a simple 9 level Dwarf martial tank?
Pathfinder Multi classing as a rogue archetype
What's the best way to present a sandbox world to your players?
How do you know if a weapon is two-handed in D&D2E?
How do elves develop as they get older, and could an elven child be a PC?
What are the more common house rules for Cthulhutech and the Framewerk system?
Would being able to wild-shape into aberrations/monstrosities be unbalanced?
Expanding Jade phoenix mage's maneuvers?
What is the point of paper alchemical cartridges?
Does Muleback Cords' effect apply to something/one slung over my shoulder?
Can Eldritch Blast be Twinned?
Does "Invisibility" require sight to maintain concentration?
How can I get my character immunity to compulsion effects?
How do I name a Half-Orc?
Getting my group to commit to house rules?
Are magical items / armor / equipment subject to the effects of environmental damage or deterioration
Can a Rogue's Hunter's Surprise be part of a Full Attack?
Modelling an opposed dice pool mechanic in AnyDice
Are negative levels necessarily energy drain?
How many bomb attacks does my 8th-level Bomber Alchemist get with a Full Attack?
Command word activation questions
Take a worse result on a skill check
What kind of check is disguising a command word activation?
Creating a magic item with two continuous effects I can pick between (or deactivate)
How do weapon properties apply to double weapons?
How do the disguise kit and forgery kit work?
Who is affected by an area buff?
How does Savage Worlds Deluxe's change to the Shaken mechanic affect other parts of the system?
When do characters advance?
What do you roll Insight against when the other person is telling the truth?
How many dots can be purchased at a time during advancement?
Can you roll social skill-checks against other players?
Does a monk's ki strike require a swift action?
Would allowing a druid to wildshape into aberrations/monstrosities still be unbalanced with the following restrictions?
Is Roll-For-Shoes a good system to practice DM skills?
Are level up bonuses applied cumulatively when multiclassing?
What happen to HP maximum in case of hit dice loss?
Should replacement characters have to take campaign traits?
Can an Alchemist really get shut down by a shatter spell?
What races would the drow be using as slaves?
How do you activate a troll's variant rule: Loathsome Limbs?
How does the Shot on the Run feat work with a rogue's stealth skill?
Do spellcasters need to know a spell to use a magic device?
How can I damage or break a foe's weapon?
How can a GM alleviate a new player's analysis paralysis when creating a character?
Can you cast a spell at a higher level spell slot even if it doesn't change the spell?
Necromancers that actually do necromancy
Where can I find player available rituals for creating undead?
The Creation of Magical items and the increase of DC
The source of granted ongoing damage
Can the Minor Conjuration ability gained by Wizards of the School of Conjuration be used to summon rare, expensive, consumable spell components?
Where can I find (in-universe) holy texts to quote?
How to handle a too nice DM?
Can a medium sized creature wield a colossal sized weapon?
Where is the information for Vampire hybrids?
Does taking a branch from the tree produced by staff of the woodlands harm the staff?
Prestige class progression with multiple base classes: mix and match?
Half-elf dilettante using implement powers
Can a Druid cast stone shape to trap an enemy?
Calculating 6D6 similar to poker dice
Are there any side effects of switching the ability-score increases for a race?
What's the probability formula for succeeding at a Complex Skill Check?
Can a Monk throw 2 Daggers (1 in each hand) and gain martial arts bonus?
How do I make character making easier for new players?
Do the combat systems of the 20th Anniversary oWOD more or less work the same?
What does a confused creature do when it has to "attack the nearest creature"?
How could one defeat a pervasive antimagic field?
How would a Dragonborn (or Dragon) refer to its own breath weapon?
Can a creature benefit from both pounce and the effect of bound sphinx claws?
How does the unicorn horn soulmeld's detect evil special ability work?
How far away can you see light?
Alchemist identifying a poison
How long does setting up a portable lab take?
How do players choose skill proficiencies, languages, and equipment when making up their own backgrounds?
Can a creature teleport any distance vertically?
What is new and different in Feng Shui 2?
Can you make an unwilling creature willing? In other words, what defines “willing”?
How often can Intimidating Glare be used?
Why are raining arrows listed under alchemy?
How should one set DCs in Roll For Shoes? Do I use active or passive opposition?
Should bound urskan greaves increase the damage of all attacks upon charging?
Do cinema/film-like descriptions ruin immersion or do they improve games?
How does Hunters Mark work when the target goes invisible?
How many effects can a monk impose with open hand technique using flurry of blows
What is the general pace of advancement in Monster of the Week?
Can someone help me understand Strands of Power's sorcerer package?
Warding Bond: What is the Order of Operations for calculating cleric damage taken?
How can I make the most out of a reliable, close, helpful player in a group of players new to the system?
Arcane Archer "within range"
What is the real price of a Druid's Vestment?
Are 1st edition Dark Heresy modules/adventures compatible with 2nd edition?
Do you need line of sight to cast spells on someone?
Helping monks overcome non-synergy class abilities
When was Armour Proficiency first included and why?
Can a wizard's bonded object be a sheathed weapon?
Using quick draw with a grappling hook?
Shapechanging Familiars/Animal Companions/Etc via Share Spells
Are there mechanical reasons for a Cleric to use their deity's favored weapon over another one?
What level of interactibility does the Summon natural allies spell grant over summons that can speak?
Is there any point in learning Mage Armor for my Sorcerer if he's Dragonborn?
Magus using arcane pool to get vorpal
Why can't a Dispelling bow apply Dispel to its arrow?
How many attacks does Spell Strike apply to when making a Full Attack?
Can I inscribe or inset a holy symbol into my longbow?
How can I play a survival-based FATE 2.0 game where access to items plays a major role?
Would this Conjure Dragons spell be too powerful?
Can I stabilize an enemy we just defeated in combat?
What is an example of a Supers module/adventure that preserves/highly values player agency?
Do flaming, etc. weapon properties deal their extra damage just on contact?
How can I suggest the DM stop trying to kill us?
How can I balance the power of loot between player characters?
Throwing a weapon as an improvised weapon
Can an improvised throwing weapon be enchanted with Returning?
At which moment does the 'Surprised' state disappear?
How many Shapechanged Familiar Dragons can I have at once?
Can a Ranger's Fighting Style be a prerequisite for the feat Two-Weapon Defense?
Are there translation-specific errata for D&D 3.5e?
Maximum Ranks in Speak Language?
Is the English text authoritative?
What is the Strength of a Landing Bay?
Looking for a great single level class dip for bard, no spell progression needed
As a GM is it unfair to secretly protect one player's character to keep the peace?
What's a good system for a short adventure / one-shot in Westeros
Is it possible to take Cleric & Cloistered Cleric on the same character?
How to deal with anti-authoritarian player characters?
Is the trigger of a smartgun mechanical or software?
How can I avoid metagaming when I know things my character doesn't?
Do flaming weapons with the trip special weapon feature deal their extra damage on trip attempts?
Ways to limit the power and overuse of Phantasmal Force
Is making a bet you can't lose an evil act?
Does an Enlarge/Reduce spell on a druid affect the beast form if the druid Wild-Shapes?
Mortal infrastructure
Do the D&D source books assume any particular ethical system?
How does Mental Stress work for non-combat Veils?
What happens to a creature who is enlarged and then reduced?
What are some good items/equipment to consider for a ranged disarm character?
Would Gust of Wind affect a Vampire in Gaseous Form?
Can the Wizard move "Ritual" be used to create a permanent effect or learn a new move?
Where can I get miniatures of The Four Horsemen of Apocalyse?
Extending Coven to affect class level instead of just caster level for scaling effects
What Role-Playing Game System Works Best for a DM who Hates Reading?
What is the name of this book, covering character history generation?
Fair facing house rules for 5e
How do I implement a deferred pain stunt into dresden files?
Can my one-handed or hook-handed ex-pirate use Dervish Dance?
Are the immunities granted by Rank 0 and Rank 1 deity redundant?
Can "Symbol of" spells be thrown at enemies?
What are the two weapon fighting penalties for a Large creature with the Lighten Weapon feat?
How do you decide who will be contacted by Contact Other Plane spell
For druid companions, such as riding dogs, what is the base hp?
How long is the initial "training time" to get the first level of a class?
Which of the gods in Points of Light were completely new in that setting?
Can a wish spell grant new skills?
How can I implement Cinematic Fencing (à la “The Princess Bride”)?
How to represent invariable bonuses in Fate Core
AnyDice Help: ORE-Like Resolution
Silent Image in Combat
How do you tell someone you think they are cheating?
Conceal Spellcasting - Skill or Skill Trick?
Stunning Fist in a 1 vs. 1; is the stun only for the target's turn?
How should you handle players forgetting information as opposed to their characters?
Are there any lower-level spells or magic items that could be used to copy a work of art?
Can you fail checks made to escape a grapple while under the effects of Freedom of Movement?
Nonlethal damage up to max HP instead of current HP, as feat or item?
Does Hunter's Mark chain to multiple creatures
Human Sorcerer, Merfolk sorcerer, and Favored Class Bonuses; and is there any way to get access to the Human Class Bonus while being a non-human?
Is there a way to change a weapon's damage type on the fly?
Can the Suit Seeker Inquisitor Archetype and the Sin Eater Inquisitor Archetype be used at the same time?
Is it possible to model this die with anydice?
Does a "Helm of Opposite Alignment" work on demons?
Which spell slots can wizards pick from if they have more spells that can be prepared than they have slots?
Can You Concentrate Through a Long Rest?
Does using Hypnotic Gaze end my Invisibility?
How do I quickly get the PCs to a distant location for the next adventure?
Can Unearthed Arcana material be used in Adventurers League?
Do special materials augment skills other than weapon skills?
Do Overhand Chop and Backswing never work together?
Do I use the ability mod or skill mod when rolling an ability check?
A slave's tongue has been cut out. How can we restore her ability to speak?
What does Dispel Magic dispel when there are multiple active effects from items?
How far do I need to be from a creature to be outside its reach?
What's the advantage of being proficient with a Disguise Kit over the Deception skill?
What counts as "sunlight" for the Albino and Fear of Light weaknesses?
How viable is a party of only arcane casters?
Are Familiars considered Magical for effects like Detect Magic?
Why do undead have darkvision in 4E?
How to play a high level character concept from level 1
Game Recommendation for Hunger Games rip-off
What does the Benefit of Catfolk Exemplar mean?
Can a Sin Eater eat sins from something they did not kill?
What's the most effective way to maximize skills as a character of any class?
How to use Dodge and Parry in M&M3e and DC Adventures?
Does Wild Shape actually allow [Monster] feats?
Could one shape pheonix belt and bind manticore belt to the totem chakra at the same time?
Are deckers or technomancers required in a shadowrun group?
Crafting Equipment in Fate Core
Is it necessary to purchase all the D&D 5th edition books to have access to all player character options?
Freedom of Movement and its interpretation
How to handle a PC wanting to interrupt a spell cast in a non-combat situation?
The Dark Eye Universe: maximum plausible value of abilities for new character
Does interrupting sleep to keep watch prevent any healing at all?
What's a good build for a halfling rogue/assassin? 3.5
How much space does housing people take up?
What paragon path should I choose for my Kobold Ensnaring Swordmage?
Can equipment be enchanted and dis/reenchanted without destroying the item?
Can shadowrunners use legitimate licenses if they have a legitimate SIN?
How to run a campaign for intelligent players with idiot PCs?
Once you take a Prestige Class, can you advance your base class later?
Does Barkskin cast before Wild Shaping apply to your beast form?
Modeling gear destruction
Does falling damage by weight get limited to 20d6?
Where is the Swiftblade PrC and what are its requirements?
Do benefits from a talent on a given spell only apply during character creation?
What is an ability check without a DC called?
Does Elan apply to non-combat Trait tests?
As a group unfamiliar with RPGs, how do I encourage my players to read the rulebook?
Things a Paladin with low Wis/Cha can do with his spellcasting ability?
How severe should a Compel be if it's worth one Fate Point?
Why are high ability scores mandatory to cast spells?
What's the difference between a ranged touch attack and a ray?
Are there poltergeist-like undead in D&D?
How can I implement injuries on crit?
Why aren't you allowed to check off multiple stress boxes per hit?
What advantages does hiding have?
Can you see areas outside from inside an area of Darkness?
At what point are weapons and items carried for quick access too much?
What are the mechanical benefits of having your PC being Legio Mortuum?
Does Protection from Evil protect you from Suggestion?
Asking people to leave the group
Can you use the Elemental metamagic to then use Flaring metamagic?
Does ammo blessed by Daybreak Arrow bypass all creatures DR?
Are you affected by your own Blasphemy spell?
What's the point of the character sheet?
If an awakened animal dies and then reincarnates, can she talk in her new body?
How can I incorporate Koldunic Sorcery in Vampire: The Requiem?
Warlock's Create thrall doesn't get a saving throw even if the target takes damage? What kind of enchantment spell is it?
How do arrows work against Lava Children?
Where do I find a "monster level" for monsters in the AD&D 2nd edition manuals?
How should pets/summons/familiars be handled in Fate?
Where can I find rules for naval combat for Pathfinder?
Do you have to make a touch attack to heal an ally?
Can maho or Oni powers harm creatures of the Lying Darkness?
Does Haunting Melody use a Standard Action?
Keeping secrets
Can Spirit Guardians affect enemies through walls?
What is the fallout of unarmed strikes no longer being weapons?
How can I become more akin to my "Mary Sue" Player?
What's that Seattle Fast-Food joint?
Does an Oracle get bonus spells AND revelations every second level?
A pen-and-paper RPG with a "Save Game" function (and how that works)?
How can you train/tame monsters & magical beasts?
Is the "+1" in "Long Sword +1" for OOC use only?
How are statistics for zombie versions of creatures determined?
Optimizing pure magus for single turn damage
Does using a dual-bladed weapon count as Two-Weapon Fighting?
Does metamagic specialist let you quicken spells?
How to deal with a DM that doesn't listen to or cooperate with his co-DMs?
Upgrading from D&D Adventure System to a full D&D Campaign
How can one gain the Ride skill as a class skill with minimal expenditure
Can Use-Activated Magic Items Trigger Spells on successful attacks?
How do the products in the Elemental Evil line relate to each other?
Is a green dragon's breath weapon "poison" for the purposes of "advantage on saves against poison"
How can I improve my Touch AC outside of increasing my Dex Mod?
My PCs have a plan that will get them all killed; how and why should I save them?
Do bonuses of the same type stack?
How do I make a tanky Monk?
Does rogue's Assassinate + surprise allow critting with Magic Missile?
Hit dice vs Hit Points
How does exactly it works if someone wants to walk into an enemy while being pierced?
Should the Mistaken be Secretly Colluding with the Moons?
How do I cater to the Three Stooges and good roleplayers at the same time?
Who can charge a ring of storing?
Does magic armor stack with a magic shield?
I keep forgetting about lighting in the heat of a session. How do I remember my notes?
How does mounted combat work?
How do you make loremaster characters more than just a GM mouthpiece?
How should I emulate the highest in an irregular dice pool in AnyDice?
My campaign calls for characters of a certain level for the final boss fight. How do I best get them there?
Should you always become a Specialty Priest when you qualify for it?
What is the blood point cost of using Obfuscate in V20?
Can creatures tell if they've been blessed or cursed by Prayer?
Are skills that an animal companion has ranks in considered class skills
How can I tell how powerful an NPC is without being explicitly told?
How do I hint at events outside the scope of the current quest?
How do skills work?
Does the Dread's Nightmare Touch ability actually do anything at all?
DnD starter kits and buying equipment
How do the Checks and Balances work in Mutants and Masterminds 3 and DC Adventures?
What is a fair trade for a Paladin's mount in exchange for alternate abilities, feats, and skills?
Replacement for a Samurai Mount in a Dungeon-Crawler
My players know the world/galaxy/universe better than I do
How do I publish content for Pathfinder?
Need some help with the fabricate spell
Into what game-term classifications are half-elves put?
How can I categorize objects by size?
In which book does Tordek mention a "+3 weapon"?
Are there any good, free introductory Dungeon World adventures for a DM used to D&D?
Replacing a Samurais "Mounted Archer" class feature
Is Dungeons & Dragons the origin of “Bahamut” as a dragon?
Which Dresden Files novels are "spoiled" by the core rpg books?
Have I missed how to calculate the DC for knowing Monster characteristics?
What does the paladin spell list hold for an already versatile caster?
Can you bypass travel by fast forwarding in your campaign?
Can summoned creatures take items back with them?
Do a Barbarian's different damage resistances stack or just overlap?
Where can I find the rules on acuiring or training beast companions in D&D 5e?
Can summon spells be used to summon the same specific creatures repeatedly?
Are Slippers of Spider Climb usable while Wild Shaped?
How do I deal with aggressive/disrespectful criticism?
Can a Half-Elf reach Charisma 22 naturally?
Taking a level in Airship Pilot instead of level 3 Rogue
How to optimize a bard/paladin in 5e?
Name of a feat, race, or something else that lets a character intimidate more types of monsters in Pathfinder
Is it possible to block a breath weapon with a shield?
Can a ring of spell storing hold a stolen spell?
Dodging during mounted combat
How to assign exp for indirect kills
Are there rules for sacrificing living creatures for personal gain?
Hide while fighting
Setting DCs based on their desired impact
Does Pathfinder have a spell of desirability?
How do I leave a campaign politely when I'm not having fun?
can juggling be used to perform attacks? If so, how would it work?
What is available to mitigate the damage of physical blows?
Does an Action Surge grant a second bonus action?
Paladin + Multi-Attack + Smite = Overpowered?
Does Wall of Fire cast in the middle of a huge creature cause it to take damage twice?
Is the land movement effect of Ice Storm subject to SR?
Why does Acid Splash last one round?
How much time should travelling through a country take?
Can a vampire use mental disciplines while staked?
Can Conjuration spells that conjure permanent objects penetrate Antimagic barriers?
Are imperial saints related to sensei?
What's up with the Siberys dragonmark?
Flaming Sphere AOE
Druid wildshapes to recon a city from above, how to limit?
Does an attack against an illusory duplicate from the Mirror Image spell trigger the Sentinel feat?
Would the Shield Wall feat grant a shield bonus for each adjacent ally, or just one adjacent ally?
Would a torch be considered a weapon when using a light shield and the Weapon and Torch feat?
Battlemind using at-will ability for opportunity attacks
Adapting classes for a game in a world become newly magical
Can player characters be Nega-Mages?
How to determine initiative for a summoned creature entering an ongoing combat?
How can an incorporeal creature gain a physical form and use equipment?
Are demons immune to reality changes made by angelic covers?
Do spell effects move if the object they are cast on moves?
Does White Lotus Dueling Expertise apply to basic melee attacks?
What is the earliest level that a cleric can create an intelligent undead?
How does a Kuei-Jin feed on someone's chi?
How much do Weapon and Armor Ratings cost?
Which book do I buy to get "New World of Darkness Core 2nd edition"?
Is there a good character sheet set up for the Unchained Variant rules, especially Consolidated Skills?
How should I go about stabbing my friend in the back?
The unbodied in an anti-magic field
Does Push initiate 'melee' or 'close combat' in savage worlds?
Do Armour of Agathys and Mirror Image stack?
Can you use Suppression fire into darkness?
Scalable Game for a Post-Apocalypse Setting
Can druids take multiple animals companions?
Multiclassing in 3.5e (epic level)
Combining Natural Reach and Weapon Reach
Dungeons & Dragons starring Dragons: Which edition would work best for dragon PCs?
Are there definitive types of Craft (XYZ)?
Consequences of a Tumble and Overrun
Earthreaver Stompers (Boots) Daily Power Target Clarification
Pathfinder Magus Spellstrike + Spell Combat
Does a White Mage Arcanist need to Use Magic Device to activate a Wand of Cure Light Wounds?
Could Fearless Destiny or Tempting Fate affect the Leadership feat?
Does Dimension Door trigger a surprise round?
My players are one-hitting everything in The Dragon's Demand. How do I toughen up the opposition?
Does the feat Ironheart Aura benefit the feat's possessor?
How do I handle offended players as GM?
Edge that allows a follower to take any wounds a Wild Card receives
What better not to use Fate Core for?
How to scale down Princes of the Apocalypse for a 3-adventurer party?
What magic aura does a summoned elemental have?
A PC made himself king, are there any rules for this?
Can a Serpentis 3 vampire's scale fall off and keep existing after deactivating the power, as a clue?
Are there Unchained data sources for PCGen?
Adamantine Hurricane and Wolf Pack Tactics interaction clarification
Does Wind Soul (Storm Sorcerer) stack with the Mobile feat?
How can adventurers hold political positions?
How does the Stormcaster's Storm Spell Power ability work?
How do I encourage players to make characters appropriate to the tone and theme of a game?
Can an undead character use a paladin's turn undead ability?
How does the Postcognition Sense work?
When turning undead in close confines, what do trapped undead do?
Does Cold Resistance help against cold weather?
How do you choose Spells Known when creating a new character above 1st level?
My novice players slaughtered some NPCs out of hand. Do I write this off as a learning mistake or show them the consequences of actions?
Is Soothing Voice overpowered?
Does Smite work while wild-shaped?
Does the half orc's Savage Attacks trait work when wild shaped?
What Paladin fighting styles are usable while wild shaped?
How do I overcome a tendency to play in an excessively goal-driven style?
How does the Trance Advantage function?
Do I empower a spell after or before I cast it?
What is Armor Class used for?
What can I polymorph into, whose natural attacks count as magic for DR?
What is the fastest path to an Ur-Priest Mystic Theurge
How to do mystery based storytelling in Fate?
What happens to a character's skill ranks if they happen to be over the maximum ranks allowed?
Most expensive magic item at caster levels 3 through to 6 in 3.5e's Core?
Does Major Image block Deeper Darkness and allow Daylight to prevail?
How does a "theurge" prestige class mix with another spellcasting prestige class?
How do I calculate DPR for spellcasters?
What are the recommended character ranks for The Flood plot points?
System for a game of courtly intrigue
How to assign PCs differing goals without breaking up the group?
When casting a spell as a reaction using the War Caster feat, does it use up a spell slot?
Can I use a bonus action before my action?
Are obvious cybereyes cheaper?
How Does Bone Knight's Paladin Conversion Interact with Paladin of Tyranny
Can Descent demons sense Fallen demons and vice versa?
Choose to use STR when attacking with Precise weapons?
Do items from Adventuring Gear or Bag of Books persist?
How can a barbarian rage more often without taking levels or feats?
Does Shadow Blend make your opponent flat-footed?
Does a Paladin's Mount retain a cart when dismissed and called?
Do Unchained Monks have weapon proficiency with all monk weapons?
Forced teleportation of traps?
Will a spellcaster interrupted mid-meditation or -study have any spells?
Is this Dex/Int build viable for a PVP arena playing primarily vs glass-cannon casters?
Simple, classless system for normals exploring ruins of ancient high fantasy world
Mechanical details of Girallon's Blessing
Can you take a second real level of Ur-Priest?
When an Essentials Vampire bites a random NPC, what happens?
Is the Legendary Surge die size limited to d8?
How can I stop a PC from getting teleported by BBEG?
What resources detail other planets in the Pathfinder Campaign Setting
Can you use the D&D 5e player's handbook in a 3.5e game?
Are there stats for the Roman Scutum in any supplement?
What happens if you Twin Spell a spell that requires concentration?
Is there any limits to what a DM can do?
Is a Pike a Long Spear?
Coming up with building layouts on the fly
Does climbing during combat consume your Action?
Can the Ghost Touch weapon property allow an attacker to perform incorporeal touch attacks?
Copying Alchemist Formulae Rulings?
Too few dice to move around in a game were their position on the "character" sheet is relevant
Summoner Unchained and full Eidolon HP
Can summons and eidolons be magically healed?
Are the cards in the Three Dragon Ante decks the same?
Does using a climbing speed prevent casting spells with somatic components?
Will a spellcaster interrupted mid-preparation have spells they did not use during the previous adventuring day?
How to represent a "second wind" in Fate Core?
What happens to armor when you transform into a werebear?
Is the Shaman spirit animal an animal companion?
Can Perfect Metamorphosis turn a Mage into another splat?
How do plate armor and swim speeds interact?
Race Building: Endless legend Broken Lords as PF PCs
Trying to ID a certain Superhero game
Does the freedom of movement spell allow you to ignore the max dexterity bonus on armor?
How common is Damage Reduction on monsters in Pathfinder?
How to calculate Attack Bonus as a 5th Level Monk
What's the best magic item for punching monsters in their stupid faces?
Do rogues get sneak attack and trapfinding automatically?
Spell Resistance vs Necklace of Fireballs
How do I determine my flat-footed and touch AC?
Making relaying information less awkward
How do you play a character stripped of alignment?
Calculating critical hit damage
Do creatures that are hit with poison attacks (or take poison damage) become Poisoned?
What happened to the Permanency spell?
Looking for a game with both faction intrigue and dungeon delving
Does the climbing distance include an extra square for the horizontal move?
Can a mage cast a sleep spell on themselves?
Are there any good online dicerollers similar to the now mostly defunct Invisible Castle?
Can nonweapons have magic weapon special abilities?
Can demons use abjuration?
Do demons in cover generate disbelief?
Sympathetic Wounds has no listed duration from my source
As a caster, is this homebrew crossbow worth using?
AOE spells and multiple creatures with SR
How does a very small area spell with a movable area interact with grappling creatures?
Does a glitch occur when exactly half the dice are 1's?
How to deal with rude players?
Warlock Expanded Spell List
What are the modifiers to a Hide check in combat, while under the effects of Greater Invisibility?
Can you charge while using non-standard movement like flying?
Looking for a game system to handle non-human PCs in a modern setting (Not horror)
Does magic armor resize with wild shape?
Exotic weapons (in an exotic situation)
Martial Classes Attacking with Saving Throws
Can I make independent spell-effect choices for a Twinned spell?
Greater Manyshot & Split on our Invisible Flying Rogue seems too good
Would this custom prestige class be balanced? (arcane battlesmith that cannot cast)
Does Detect Enemies detect unaware persons (guards)?
Is there a Twiddla-like web based drawing service with selective viewing permissions?
How should I reward xp to my players in my game of Dark Heresy in Stars Without Number?
How real is Mirage Arcane?
Is there an rpg that is played on social media and can function without more than one dedicated player?
How, exactly, does Red Court infection work?
Might Defence and combat avoidance skills
Pinning a Shield with a Shield?
What is the height distribution of elfs?
Concerns about a dice-pool system
Creating a city made of illusion that won't be quickly figured out
Does knowing Primordial mean you understand all the different languages of elementals?
The rules for manyshot/ rapid shot
Is a Dex-Based Character viable for a PVP Arena
Activating an agent from a different deck
Help calculating opposing dice pool in AnyDice
Does tax influence the effect of greed on resources?
Does Data Trails fix any of the broken parts of SR5 decking?
How to deal with time-sensitive decisions?
Can Wizards use potions and magic items with effects from their prohibited schools?
Where do I find prestige classes?
How do you progress Divine Rank?
When casting a spell using Twinned Spell does it use one or two spell slots?
What is a spell, curse, or illness that's long-lasting enough to drive a campaign?
What is the origin of the concept of punishing players in-game as a GM?
Is there a way to weaponize a Battle Magic Tactics token?
What is the optimal role for a mystic theurge?
Can a wizard delay choosing spells for a spell book when leveling?
What makes a good protection against magic missile?
Perception checks through a familiar's eyes
Does Telepathy need a shared language to work?
How do I handle group rolls?
How do Grease and Spider Climb interact?
How do I help my group stop derailing our GM’s set-piece battles?
How does damage dealt increase as you level up
How many levels should I remove from a 14th level Witch if I want to add 5 Mythic Tiers to her?
Is it legal to write and publish a novel based on a pre-existing campaign or setting?
Is it possible to make a vampire PC?
Can a wizard cast the same spells on the following day without a spellbook?
How does DR granted by the feat Roll With It actually work?
Is a creature aware that a Hex or Hunter's Mark spell has been cast on it?
How long does it take for owlbears to mature?
Can divine smite be non lethal?
Downtime gold in a dungeon crawler setting
Stats of a creature when using “Body Thief”
Can True Polymorph be used repeatedly to never age?
Can True Polymorph be dispelled or reversed?
How much control does Polymorph/True Polymorph allow over aesthetics?
Can True Polymorph be used to recover from diseases or curses?
Can you permanently True Polymorph into yourself?
How can I pitch a player-defined campaign to gamers who are used to GM-defined games?
How large can a thing be "produced" by True Polymorph?
How to deal with feuding characters derailing the game?
Help with phrasing of an aspect in Dresden Files
How can I secretly notate which squares on a combat map are traps?
Can a rider attack while the mount attacks?
How do you resolve conflict when an absent player's character is played "differently" by another player?
Does Voice of the Chain Master let me cast a purely verbal spell through my familiar?
SR4A drone attributes and melee weapons
How to deal with a GM who does not tell us everything?
Could you use a 4th Edition character in a 5th Edition adventure, just for level 1?
If you succeed with style against multiple targets, do you get multiple boosts?
How to get early entry into mystic theurge?
What's a list of useful magic items my players could spend their gp on?
How can I play multiple characters at once?
Do magic items granting an animal extra tricks stack with already known tricks?
How can I give an animal or mount skill ranks or feats?
Does the Defensive Duelist feat work when wielding ranged finesse weapons?
Skill and Knowledge Based System
What is the maximum range for indirect combat spells?
Are indirect combat spells visible before they hit their target?
Pathfinder Universalist Wizard casting 0 level spells
When applying a template, which comes first: the template or the first level feat?
How can I deal faster with enemy actions on large-scale battles?
How to transfer control of a campaign that is mostly "make it up as you go"?
Speed of a Tenser's floating discmobile
When is entropic ward considered "used"?
Can Dancing Lights be used to Dazzle an opponent?
What tabletop system should I use? (specific details inside)
Is using VR still possible while having both ocular drones launched?
What's the shape of a burst if the burst extends beyond a confined area?
Can I use trick granting items to learn the 2nd 'attack' trick?
DnD 4E list of poisons
How Can I Re-Skin the Hacker in A Medieval Game of Leverage?
What does brains over brawns apply to?
How does petrify affect Shardminds in 4E D&D?
What merit to fight in the dark?
What is the difference between line of sight and line of effect?
Why do Vengeance Paladins get Banishment twice?
Hoard of the Dragon Queen: Party attitude towards Leosin After Episode 2 (SPOILERS)
Playing a Firre Eladrin as a PC?
Will Distant Spell Link work via Improved Share Spells
Can the warlock use his familiar as the point of origin for telepathy?
Black shield in deathwatch
Can interpersonal interactions that use investigative abilities fail or make things worse?
Does a standard use of an investigative skill use up a pool point?
Are partially charged wands generally purchasable?
When do you make the saving throw to move that is imposed by Ensnaring Strike?
Where can I find a free post apocalyptic map generator online?
How exactly are SINs checked?
Adjusting Stats for Higher Level party
Why should I worry about non-violent humans?
Would this Point Buy house rule for Maid character creation work at all?
Are there maximums for stats (such as by class)?
Player has little faith in DM, unhappy with in-game events, acts stubborn, obstructing game play
What does "minmax" mean?
Can you use a Dragon's Change Shape Ability to Turn Back Into Yourself?
How do you deal with a player slowing the group because of indecisiveness/excessive RP?
How can an epic spell-to-power erudite manifest 9th-level spells?
First RPG to use randomness during character creation
What is the origin of Backgrounds in D&D 5?
How can I design a balanced hybrid race as the offspring of a gnome and halfling?
Missing a throwing roll in savage worlds with an 'area of effect' weapon
Does the damage for Delayed Blast Fireball increase each round?
Power player is a problem. Any fix?
Where can I find maps of Rifts Earth?
How many cantrips can I cast continuously out of combat?
Alternate raw break DC
What is the origin of Inspiration in D&D 5?
Can I create a Warlock that can Sneak Attack with Eldritch Blast?
What is the origin of Dis/Advantage in D&D 5?
Riding/beating a dead horse
How can you get advantage from Invisibility if attacking ends it?
Does the Alert feat make it impossible to pickpocket a character?
Do harmful but non-damaging spells cause a character to wake up?
Adamantine vs adamantine
What is a good combat system I can use for a story-driven PVP game?
5e D&D Monk/Warlock Build Help
What does it mean that clans have differing numbers of unique feats?
Advice for Running the "In Between Times"
How do extracts based on Communal spells work?
Good classes with Multiple Ability Dependence
Why can't my monk use the Frost Unarmed Attack +1?
Does grappling cause bludgeoning damage?
How can I help my players be interested in others' characters?
What does "familiar" mean in the Sending spell?
Brawler and two weapon fighting feat tree
What qualifies as a surface in Glyph of Warding?
Improved Grab and multiple Natural Weapons
Pathfinder character creation using multiple books
Is there any more lore on Maleffluent?
Can an evil character worship a good deity?
Can a Grappler Rogue Sneak Attack while grappling?
Song of Rest Healing during Short Rests?
Countermeasures against a Diplomancer
An old school experienced DM insists Magic Missile always goes first. Does it or not, and why?
How does Blood Crow Strike really work?
What edition of D&D for complete newbs?
What are the objective benefits of using an official character sheet vs writing things down yourself on a piece of paper if you are a new DnD player?
Can aspects function as "New Action" stunts?
Can a Duskblade channel Magic Weapon?
Druids, wild shape, and armor check penalties
Can being flat-footed actually improve your AC?
Would a monk with the Tavern Brawler feat have improvised weapons count as monk weapons?
Improved grab and moving a creature without grapple check
How does inhaled poison work?
How much does a holocron weigh?
Intelligence of Familiar vs Normal Creature?
Does the Chokehold feat only apply the penalty when you first establish the pin?
Interaction of the Cold extraordinary ability and Grapples
How much is undone by “Ignore your last roll on the Youth Path table” in Lifepaths Step 4?
How many times can the effect of Hail of Thorns be activated?
How do I determine how many encounters a dungeon should contain?
Dex-to-damage houserule to make monk more viable?
What happens if the entity a warlock has a pact with is killed?
Does Lightning Bolt affect everyone in its line of effect?
How do factotums interact with truespeak?
Do spells with area effects affect targets that have been swallowed whole?
An RPG Setting for Low-Powered Space Opera
Help me re-find this role-playing story
How do you reconcile conflicting Transhuman Lifepath results in Step 3?
Is there Adventurers League play in Central America?
Is a fire with more oil flasks longer or more intensive or neither?
Center stance bonus clarifications
Extra Attack, Crossbow Expert, and hand crossbow: 4 shots per turn?
What energy type has less chance for resistance
Would a tracking spell work on a Black Court Vampire?
What is the relevance of Flame Blade being "wielded like a Scimitar"?
Seeking special abilities standard hit chance
Can I run AD&D's Tomb of Horrors in D&D 5E?
What's the BAB for Spiritual Weapons created by Crown of Swords?
Using more than one spell on a scroll
Is it confirmed that the Hammer of Thunderbolts is intentionally based on Mjolnir?
Does Polyglot cover Secret Tongues?
What are the limitations on powers usable with Unleash Spell Power?
What monsters are depicted in D&D 3E's Iconic novel, "Oath of Nerull"?
Savage Worlds vs. Traveller for a Science Fiction Campaign
Is there an Aberration with a Negative Energy Breath Weapon at all in the lore?
How can I make an overweight character?
Should encounters be adjusted to a full-magic party?
A player takes half a standard action, what am I supposed to do?
Where can I find cyberpunk face-cards?
How visible/noticeable is psychic damage, and spells which inflict it?
If leave the Astral Plane do my magic items get weaker?
Does the Favored Enemy feature count when using INT skills?
Does Living Link allow Magic Resistance?
Does Magic resistance allow a creature to know it has been targeted?
How to keep spellcasters from becoming too underpowered when the magic moon resets?
Can I use my bonus action to have my mount Dash?
Is there a way for a ranger's pet to deal magic/ranged damage?
Are ability scores above 20 possible without magical means?
Action: Reaction how it works in 5E D&D
If my team-mate absorbs a creature we have been fighting, will the rest of the party still gain EXP?
Optimizing a Dwarf Pistolero for maximum single-target damage per round?
Is the Saltwater Float represented in this question a good way to test for loaded dice?
Brew Fleshcrafting poison limits
Does an incorporeal creature take half ability damage from corporeal sources?
Can a Half-Giant Soulknife manifest Mind Blades of the Large size category?
Interpretation of at-will spells in 5e
How to manage long journeys as DM
Do bonuses to damage rolls apply to each attack in a round?
Should I bring any extra dice for 5e?
Ultimate Magus Question (3.5)
How do we make Hacking take less time without sacrificing Complexity?
Is there a class in D&D 3.5e similar to the 4e warden?
How do Indirect Area of effect Spells interact with Counterspelling?
Are there game balance reasons for high-priced cyberdecks?
Bulldogs! Gear damage vs. accuracy
Where can I find rules for explosives or fireworks?
Does this constitute a magical weapon for the purpose of overcoming resistance?
How do the Lord of the Rings Roleplaying Game and the One Ring Roleplaying Game Compare?
How far can you see? (targets, lip reading etc)
How much damage does a target take from the Assassin rogue's Death Strike on a failed save?
Building a striker
How often during combat can you be Surprised?
Does the DM choose the target for monster attacks?
How much damage should a character do when flung with Sonic Thrust?
How many belt pouches can I have?
druid and neutral alignment for planar wildshape
Can you wrap up a single humanoid with a web spell?
What is the use of a little bag of sand?
Type changes confusing
Can I exclude characters from understanding my magically understandable speech?
What's the mechanism for magically understood speech?
Do your spells end when you die?
What to do when someone's attacking you, but succeeding the save is worse than failing it?
How much does the Starter Set cleric's Cure Wounds spell heal?
Should circumstance modifiers be used in Roll for Shoes?
How to build a knight commander?
Will petrification prevent lich from being reborn near phylactery (possibly forever)?
Can I throw a bonded weapon, summon it to my hand, and throw it again?
How to gain Turn Undead class feature without taking a cleric or paladin level?
How do defense test against indirect area of effect spells work?
What do I do about a player with the half-celestial template turning non-Good?
Customizing D&D 5e to simulate Dark Souls universe
designing encounters for a tournament with set rules
Is there a use for the skills Biotechnology and Cybertechnology?
How do I avoid making a taciturn character?
Is Apotheosis cosmetic or functional?
Can you choose the energy type of Elemental Flux when creating it?
How can I threaten with a whip?
Do vampires have a theory on the origins of werewolves?
Can you attack with more than one weapon when using Extra Attack?
Can I load a hand crossbow while holding a shield?
Do Kindred have an Oriental counterpart in nWoD?
Can the wizard in our group prepare a spell from the spellbook of an NPC wizard?
What essentials are required to build a Fate Core session/campaign expediently?
Playing with a Doppelganger disguised as a hero?
Is there a difference between “spell scrolls” and “spells on a scroll” for copying purposes?
How do I balance artifacts of my own invention?
Do any Heavy Gear books cover landships?
In D&D 5e, does the Rogue's Cunning Action allow for Two-Weapon Fighting?
Running a D&D game in the afterlife
Slashing with Short Swords
How do I determine this monster's HP if I'm only given its HD?
Do saving throw based spells that do damage count as attacks?
Can the 'wild' modifier be applied to non-armor items, such as enchanted cloaks or jewelry?
What software is there for creating custom color hex maps?
How do I correctly convert enemy saving throws so that players roll all the dice?
Can you be tripped by an AoO while standing up?
Does the bonus attack from "Polearm Master" have reach as well?
How to capitalise on high Charisma in a melee build?
Any precedent for combining a halberd with a wizard's staff?
How to handle pre-scene character preparation in Fate?
How do I calculate APL and CR for mythic PCs and enemies?
How would I classify a "disease" for an NPC that's not really a "disease" in Pathfinder?
How to keep an upset player in the group?
Does a diceless, non-combat, freeform RPG exist?
Do Immediate Reactions that trigger on hit trigger before or after you take damage?
Does having improved grab allow a character to deal unarmed strike + natural attack damage?
How does Compelling your own Aspects work?
Can I use my familiar to cast Warding Bond on myself?
Is a creature that used the 2nd option of Improved Grab grappling or not?
Do bonuses from proficiency and Fighting Style stack?
Can the Find Familiar spell resummon the familiar behind a barrier?
Why is the number of cantrips in the Starter Set pregenerated character sheets different from the number in the rulebook?
What is the definition of hostile?
Help with AnyDice Script for a d6 Dice Pool
Do self-Compels draw from the GM's Fate pool?
Can the XP loss from the death or dismissal of a Familiar cause you to lose a level?
Is this a solid application of customizing classes as outlined in Unearthed Arcana for a new class named Necromancer?
Building a New Character
Turning radius of a flying thing in D&D 3.5
Wish on a scroll: Who suffers the consequences?
What are the consequences of casting with an attribute instead of a skill?
Does a feat's size prerequisite include smaller sizes?
How to polymorph one object into another, specifically a pumpkin into a carriage?
Can anyone in Eberron qualify for the Bind Elemental feat, or only Zilargo gnomes?
How do you roll against Spell Resistance?
How to teach players consequences
Fireball Caster Level
What are the creative limits of Prestidigitation?
Is the DM Always Right?
Would Dark Heresy or Only War work better for a primarily story-driven campaign?
Can Snow Tiger Berserker let me charge past someone and full attack them?
How do you overcome blindness?
Can a druid use a focus to cast beast spells while in wild shape?
Need help, clarification on rules for escaping/destroying magic bola
Do you make Pulls for encounters that could have happened, but didn't?
How do I deal with a DM who restricts my character options?
How can bennies be spent to gain combat edges?
Dark One's Blessing and Armor of Agathys Synergy?
Dark One's Blessing/Temp HP confusion?
Wish spell used by non-caster
Is there any advantage to protecting your true name?
Can you trip as part of a Tome of Battle Maneuver?
Simplified character creation for D&D 5e
Can a signet ring be a transport infrastructure part?
Mechadendrites in dark heresy: sourcebooks and guidelines
What are these rules I remember for running a PC-owned business?
Looking for a system for the world of Hunter × Hunter
Can you name this GM screen?
Can a player misty step into a bag of holding?
Can a player misty step with another player or NPC or creature?
Does casting spells require a roll?
Favored Class Options "+1/2"
Low-Light, Darkvision and nightfall
Eidolons and Teamwork Feats
If I peer into a bag of holding, what do I see?
Does Spare the Dying work on a creature with less than 0HP?
Can one PC grab another PC and drag them?
Is a creature that stands in a bonfire from Create Bonfire affected twice in one turn?
Are Secondary Natural Attacks needed to take advantage of Multiattack?
Does spontaneously mean without preparation?
What is the effect on a creature's CR if it can choose to hit on a miss?
What is the difference between being inside or outside of fate from a mechanical point of view?
How does timing work in Fate?
Can monsters with only Primary Natural Weapons do multiple attacks?
What is D&D Adventurers League and How Does It Work?
Can spells or spell-like abilities do non-lethal damage?
Can I still attack with the focus item of Warding Weapon spell?
How do I know which printing of the PHB I have?
How would I go about making a magic item from a Least Warlock Invocation?
Confusion Bomb Will DC
Alchemist copying spells from a wizard's spellbook
Is there any edition where it's possible to play as Animated Armor?
Here is a D&D-5e race I made, is it mechanically balanced with other PC races currently available?
Can I dual wield two-handed weapons in D&D 5E?
Where is the Belt(?) of Shared Space?
Iron and Steel and "anchored" Allomancy, do you need the Multiple Targets stunt?
Should the damage from an unarmed strike be reduced by Heavy Armor Master?
Catching poisoned arrows
Does a Hunter Ranger's Colossus Slayer feature affect ranged attacks?
Can an immortal character be killed permanently?
Pathfinder Spells/Psionic Talent Managers
Battlemind Daily and Utility Powers
What are the best ways to maximize int score?
Is "moving into the defender's space" analagous with "moving out of a threatened square"?
Source for Pelor, the Burning Hate's claim that Pelor refused to destroy a vampire
Song of Rest benefit for bard
Using stance and skill trick together
Are the Light Domain Cleric cantrips in addition to the 3 starting cantrips?
Ley Lines in D&D
Can an Animal Ally/Animal Companion have an Animal Ally?
When and how does a conscious character recover from wounds?
Using real-world languages instead of made-up languages
Sneaking through areas people are watching closely
Can Weapons be Wondrous Items?
How to ask nicely in Dungeon World
Is there anything preventing a Lawful Evil Paladin?
Does this rend deal damage equal to double the creature's Strength modifier?
Do the people/the church know about Tenebrarum?
How long can a Bard sing?
How exactly do I use a Metamagic Rod?
Uncanny dodge reduces damage?
How are the Strength mod and LA of Savage Species' anthropomorphic animals determined?
Is there any class that can cast a touch spell through a weapon?
What counts for "help slay an elemental" for Rings of Elemental Command?
Must my background be chosen from the given options in the Player's Handbook?
Picking attribute boost or feats as high-stat 5e Paladin
When does a monk have proficiency with deflected missiles?
Can I reuse missile weapons others have stuck into me?
How large a deflected missile can I catch in one hand?
If I overchannel Bigby's Hand, does it do maximum damage every time it deals damage?
Does a targeted creature still get a "save for half" against an overchanneled spell?
What damage die does a deflected missile do?
Is there a Pathfinder equivalent to the Ring of Arming?
Does Legendary Resistance allow a Stunned or Paralyzed creature to succeed on a save it would otherwise automatically fail?
Is it possible to throw contact poisons?
How to politely explain that a player's character doesn't fit the role as well as they think it does?
How can you achieve a significantly higher total passive Perception than the sum of your Perception bonus + 10?
What's the duration of these wild feats?
Why were AD&D modules designed for so many player characters?
How many luck points does it cost to get a better attack roll with Lucky?
Are there any optional rules for gaining extra attacks due to high Dex?
How do I set someone on fire?
Can any creature elect to make touch attacks or ranged touch attacks?
How do I prevent PCs from spamming their top approach in every situation?
How do I prevent "I attack with Fight" and "I attack with Shoot"-type brief declarations?
Are cleric domain spells unlimited like cantrips?
Feats to allow sneak attacks and critical hits against elementals
If a PC loses an arm are there any mechanical penalties or disadvantages?
When must the wizard choose to overchannel?
How do attribute increases affect monsters with increased skills or saves?
If a readied actions is triggered by the readying of another action, can the action being readied also resolve?
Readied actions to intercept projectiles
How much can I learn about 5e Neverwinter in a week?
Can I cast a spell in the middle of jumping with a Jump spell?
How do I make a socially-optimized character in Dungeon World?
Would being blind reduce a character's speed?
Dispelling contingent magic
Improving "fumbles" when using pools of d10s in TROS
Is my short-ish human counted as small?
Can I use Force Push or similar force powers without killing the opponent?
Would an Ettin and Otyugh live in the same area?
How exactly does Word of Recall work?
How does this Great Weapon Fighting + Sneak Attack build measure up?
How to deal with combat immediately after entering room through narrow passage
How much fire damage would contact with/submergence in lava/magma/molten metal do?
How does maintaining a Concentration spell work?
How to calculate probabilities for a three pool elimination mechanic?
What techniques can help players reach consensus quickly on group actions?
Can Control Water create water?
Is there any benefit to using Total Defense when a character has Combat Expertise?
How to begin a role-playing scenario in medias res?
Are psionics overpowered or especially exploitable?
Alternatives to Kevlar Vests ignoring AP of bullets
For the purposes of the Monk's AC bonus class feature, does the Gunman's Duster count as armor?
Does making an Opportunity Attack with Lashing Flail cancel the target's movement?
When/how does the Quick Learner merit work?
How do I determine the special ability bonus of a homemade ability in Pathfinder?
How do I create a D&D character correctly as a total newbie?
What and where was the Cloak Tower?
Reckless Attack + Sneak Attack synergy?
Are there rules in 5e for shooting into combat?
Why is the caster level of the cape of the mountebank 9?
How can I mechanically balance a PC being permanently blind?
How to design and clearly represent a 3-D location?
Has anyone house-ruled a limited "charge" action that doesn't require a feat?
Pathfinder: How to balance Wealth by Level for a guild of player characters?
Is there any way to cast non-cantrip spells without taking a level in a spellcasting class?
Campaigns are unsatisfying when made-up or slow when pre-written. How do we fix that?
Can a centaur use a saddle pack?
"Empty" areas for me to add in an adventuring hub near the Sword Coast?
Dance of spider mountain hammer combo
Can Monks use Shortbows?
Is there any precedent for time distortion when traveling to other planes?
Can an Azverkan make use of MOM Implants?
What does intensified spell mean?
How can I discover if players would react positively to a change of tone for a game without them knowing of the change?
How do I run a satisfying and successful seeking in the context of a chronicle?
Game Recommendation: Tribe/Kingdom management (King of Dragon Pass)
Sleep vs rest for elves
Flight, Gliding, and Falling
Occult Adventures: Does the Navel Chakra Breath Weapon grant a Reflex Save?
Is this Paladin overpowered?
How does a Beastmaster Ranger acquire his Animal Companion?
Space combat system for text-only play
Can Control Winds create a *horizontal* vortex?
How do I alter a sequence element in Anydice?
Is there a psionic devil or demon in 3.5?
How to deal with closed-minded rule lawyering players
How do you handle monsters using social skills vs PCs?
Can a Cleric prepare spells from the Associated Domain of a Subdomain?
Can you negotiate with the DM about inspiration?
Does Empowering an Ongoing spell double the −1 to cast spells too?
Does Rain of Steel damage include any magic weapon enhancements?
Does shifting stop the Opportunity Attack benefit of Polearm Gamble?
Are there any rules that specify a class' alignment?
Is there a psionic power that can cure the victim of decerebrate?
Creating a Dwarf Paladin Defender
What is the Challenge Rating of this custom “Volcanic Dragon”?
What are the differences between Labyrinth Lord and Lamentations of the Flame Princess?
Do imps have hands?
What is the highest possible AC?
Is there a directory to filter monsters by multiple criteria?
Puppetry in Pathfinder
How does creating sheets of sticky webbing work?
Can my familiar feed me a potion?
What is a spell for preventing a chest burster?
Adding followers to my Warlock's patron
How does a shadow monk teleport into magical darkness if they don't have line of sight to a square inside of it?
How can I add a trait to PCGen?
Is The Text of the Legend Lore Spell a Reference To Something?
Can you choose a second craft/profession/perform subskill as a class skill when multiclassing?
Can a Tumor Familiar become an Improved Familiar?
Are the mages from Three Shades of Night statted in the Chicago book too?
Must I use all available damage, if I want to leave my target alive?
How to transform a bunch of strangers into a friendly group?
What's the shortest Small-size humanoid ever published, so I can Alter Self into one?
Help with an Archer/Ranger advancement
Is a damage die replaced by the DoS if they are higher than that roll?
Can a Monk's martial arts attack be used on a second opponent?
Is there a difference between "Background Feature" and a general "Feat"?
When can I draw my weapon?
Are skills only improved via proficiency and ability scores?
What can I do when I accidentally gave out an overpowered item?
Ranger/druid spells per day vs. spells known
How does Wind Walk interact with combat?
What are the implications of allowing Dex to Hit and Damage?
What kind of action is used to change aspects in Fate?
Does sleep immunity mean you don't need sleep?
Can you use a weapon sheathed in a Ruby Scabbard in a Opportunity Attack?
How can I turn a creature with Su and Ex abilties into armour that grants those abilities?
Choosing a weapon for a low STR sorcerer in Pathfinder
Play by post mapping system
Paragon Paths for Lazy Warlords
Can I use Extra attack to cast two spells
Can two wizards read the same spell from one scroll at the same time?
Does a Magic Staff count as a magic weapon?
Is there a Wizard/ Thief class
Are Paragon Path powers considered class powers?
Aside from Quick Learner are there other qualities that take effects only AFTER character creation?
Do I still get the AC bonus from a shield if I use a 2 handed weapon?
Can a Glaive be stowed in a Ruby Scabbard?
Using the Well of Many Worlds
The Hiding Rules Contradict Themselves. What Can I Make Of This?
Outsider interested in or specialising in art
Can one tumble past a reach weapon
Leaving and re-entering Stinking Cloud
Is a 10% bonus the same as a +10 bonus?
Where does Gozreh live?
What are the (non-encumbrance) effects that discriminate between rods and wands?
Can an Arcane Trickster Rogue learn all of the wizard spells from the low levels it has slots for?
Which system can provide an enjoyable RPG experience in 2 hours or less?
Is Acrobatics used in response to an AoO's intent or to negate it?
What software can I use to voice chat with my players while also being able to reproduce SFX comfortably?
Could someone describe different methods for turning another character into magical armor?
Where to find industrial/futuristic tilesets and graphics for maptool (for free)
Breaking size limitation for lycanthropy
Can Touch Injection discharge unintentionally, or only willfully?
Spell Strike + Touch Injection?
For how long is movement halved when avoiding an attack of opportunity with Acrobatics?
How fragile are Minor Conjurations?
Can you attack while Gliding?
How do level adjustment and racial levels work?
Does your strength modifier impact your ability to draw weapons?
Is there a way to share XP?
Treasure placement based on APL and/or CR
Why does “dungeon” mean the places adventurers go to kill stuff?
Is a creature's square included in its threatened area?
The World Will End, But Not Tomorrow (or How to Manage Unwarranted Urgency in Players)
Does the Staff of Defense count as an arcane focus?
How many Acrobatics checks are needed to pass through a medium creature's threatened area via its space?
Is there a playtested house rule for prone that makes its usefulness less dependent on initiative order?
Is Charm Monster/Person "harmless" for the purpose of the Insistent Benefactor trait?
Is the Kensai Magus Archetype's Canny Defense ability limited by his class level like the Duelist?
Any good, lightweight systems for a Borrowers-based RPG?
How do excite my player to show up to the next session?
How do I know which attack a creature would use for an opportunity attack?
What Pathfinder Chronicles books are considered outdated, and what are considered still canon?
Can a wraith be used in Game with vampires and werewolves?
What's the starting Exhaustion score for PCs in a new game?
How can I assume a larger alternate form?
Can other Shifters enter Weretouched Master?
Can you make a recharging Tattoo Spell?
How to deal with players that fight villains but are worse than them?
Is UPP an in-game or just a metagame construct?
Does Alchemical Allocation work on extracts?
Does Dueling Fighting Style apply to thrown weapons?
How does Inexorable Shroud work?
Price of items that should come in pairs?
What weapon is the best for a brawler
Does Animate Dead just create human skeletons/zombies, or can it raise whole creatures as undead?
What happens when Wild Shape/Polymorph runs out in a space that's too small?
How can a specialist contribute without dealing sneak attack damage?
How to apply inhalable poison?
Hiding in Plain Sight (not the feat)
What happens if you make an impossible wish
Can an Unseen Servant administer a potion during combat?
Is there any way to eliminate the material component cost for Glyph of Warding?
Racial advantages/disadvantages for a rules light system
I Roll To Seduce The Dragon! (or, Do doublings of proficiency bonus stack?)
What are all the sources of Constitution damage?
Does the Sharpshooter feat work on ranged spells that require an attack roll?
Can I have Magic Vestment spell on armor and shield simultaneously?
Multiple Bolts and Wizard Edge
Can the Nystul's Magic Aura spell make you immune to/unable to be targeted by the Dominate Person spell?
Is this battlemaster houserule balanced?
In which book can I find the Rhythm Blade dagger?
Can I be a follower of an evil god and not be evil?
What overpowered combinations would be available if I allow a bonus action to be used in place of a standard action?
During D&D 5e's different design iterations, were Assassins ever different?
Resource with Monsters Listed by Type?
Extra Attack + Horde Breaker = 3 attacks, total?
Help with Packmaster Hunter
Should all play happen in scenes in Fate?
Can a Druid Wild Shape into a non-core elemental?
What is an SRD for?
Dealing with character monopolizing game
How strong are raw charisma bonuses?
What are the good formats and online platforms for my game journal?
Does Burning Disarm give the target a choice?
For the purpose of magic immunity, does Counterspell target the caster or the spell?
Can the melee attack of Skald's Armour be further than the actual melee range?
The GM disagrees that Black Lotus Extract should require two saves
Does a flaming axe's full damage bypass damage reduction?
What Is The Role-Play Justification for Named Wizard Spells?
How can I have a campaign where not everyone shows up to each session?
Gigantic Steed class ability gives all the benefits of a Huge mount?
How do energy blasts work?
What is the game system that is based on Marvel Super Heroes RPG?
Do any fighting styles affect an unarmed strike?
How can I prepare the map for a combat without alerting the players that combat is about to begin?
Are there any adventures/campaigns that centre around a university/college in D&D?
How would I represent managing a pirate ship in Reign's Company rules?
How can I make a CR 4 monster based on a player class (e.g. Sorcerer)?
As a level 4 Barbarian/Level 16 Fighter how many total ability point increases does my character receive?
Monster traits classification and implementation in a database
Do negative levels bestowed by Death Devotion work like energy drain?
Improved Familiar + Valet archetype?
Where is the rule for what the saving throw DC of a wand is?
Porting 4e Assassin to 5e
Can more than one Battle Master maneuver be used in the same attack?
Is there a generic way to add disguise as a class skill?
How does Wall of Fire react in a tunnel system?
How do I improve my ranged defense in Savage Worlds?
Does Hellish Rebuke set nearby creatures on fire?
What happens to a creature inside both Aqueous Orb and Black Tentacles?
Does a Barbarian's Feral Instinct prevent him from being surprised?
How should an automated or environmental attack be handled in Fate?
Do zone effect spells require a target to hit and if it fails to hit does the zone happen?
Just how problematic is a controller/defender-heavy party relying on Lifespirit Warden for healing?
Can the Skald's Armour power be used to make a creature attack itself?
Can an ally cast Blood Money for me?
Does an "acid" Burning Hands still set things on fire?
Definition of "simple" and "martial" weapons in Pathfinder?
Can a Synthesist use the Skilled evolution while fused?
Where are some good sites I can find for free action RPGs?
Can you Deep Brain Scan an NPC?
Are there rules for creating magic items that can be activated with a swift action?
