Which algorithm to use for solving an LP with a very large number of variables?
Finite volume method
For a non-linear PDEs should the source term be discretised at $u_j$ or averaged over $(u_{j+1} + u_{j-1})/2$?
Sorting eigenvalues by the dominant contribution
Monte Carlo normalization of a wave function
Auto labeling algorithm
How to design a Hessian Algorithm based on Gradient Algorithm?
What is the most efficient way to obtain the max eigenvalue of a specific symmetric matrix via Eigen C++
How to do something in Modelica every solver iteration?
How can I reuse the SVD of matrix A to solve LS problems for both A and its transpose via Eigen C++?
Implementation of convection scheme given by normalized variable diagram
Nullspace algorithm for a sparse matrix
What is the difference between "Newton-type" and "Newton-like" iteration?
Exact recovery of large incomplete rank-one matrices?
Checking the convexity or the concavity of a function
Methods for solving BVP for DAE
Are the eigenvalues of the product matrix of two real symmetric square matrices also real values?
Matrix completion when the eigenvectors are a tensor product?
Optimization for differential and nonlinear system
coefficient c2 for curvature condition of Wolfe Conditions for line search in non linear conjugate gradient
Integrating highly oscillatory functions
Sequential approach to solving coupled PDEs
Consumer GPUs for sparse matrices (e.g. FEA)
WELL pseudo-random number generations
cartesian products in numPy
Large-scale box-constrained linear least-squares
Implement the Huffman code in Python or Numpy?
Darcy Flow - Solution by Finite Difference
Algorithm for directly finding the leading eigenvector of an irreducible matrix
How to use TrangularView class in Eigen C++
Pandas limitations and its alternatives in Python
Spectral Methods in time
Is there guaranteed global solver for such an eigenvalue problem?
Does IBM LSF facilitate parallel computing?
Efficient way to do congruent transformation using matrix inverse?
Conservative FV Immersed boundary method for compressible flow
User Friendly GUI based 3d PDE solving software
Trapezoidal rule (linear Newton-Cotes integration) convergence for periodic functions on general non-uniform grids
Methods for integrating black box functions on a non-uniform grid
Finite Element Method vs Extended Finite Element Method (FEM vs XFEM)
Is it possible to construct such a symmetric matrix with desired eigenvalues?
Optimizing MPICH2 on FX 9370 processor
A Simple Standard Test Case for Pipe Flow
Nonlinear optimization for minimizing matrix norm
Solve Regularized Least Squares problems using Matlab optimization toolbox
2-body problem with Fortran 95
The effect of decoupling a coupled system of PDEs
Sort of problems where SOR is faster than Gauss-Seidel?
Extended finite element method vs $P_k$-bubble element
"boundary" vs "interface"?
Numerical gradient in spherical coordinates
Solving system of differential equations with interconnected boundary conditions
Finite difference discretization on a circle
Methods for calculating the symmetric part of a matrix
C# implementation of the gamma function that produces correct answers at positive integer inputs?
How to handle inflow and outflow boundaries for a non-linear convection-diffusion equation (DGFEM)
Fast Eigenvalue and SVD Solver for Structured Matrices
Problem with convergence of Jacobi iterative algorithm
Markowitz Pivoting to reduce size of a dense integer system
Increasing thread number degrades performance
Which version of FFTW
Quality of randomness in generated random number
PETSc: KSP gives strange discontinuity at the edge between MPI processes
Leave openMP theads ready
Updating an approximate solution to a linear system in response to a small change
Numerical integral with a weakly singular kernel with a satisfactory precision
Which algorithm is more accurate for computing the sum of a sorted array of numbers?
Discretization method for a reaction dominated elliptic PDE
Are there simple ways to numerically solve the time-dependent Schrödinger equation?
Is there any way to do "double preconditioning"
Correct statistics for reporting speedup results
Locally conservative method for differential generalized eigenvalue problem
Solving Newton-Raphson step with ill-conditioned sparse matrix
Dominant contributions of a quadratic form
Poisson-Nernst-Planck equations with ill-conditioned sparse matrix
Convex objective function of matrix with prescribed determinant and trace
visualization of 3D probability flow
Numerical Quadrature of Oscillating Integral With Non-oscillating part
Algorithms to compute largest gap between smallest nonzero eigenvalues of sparse symmetric matrix
Linear programming with matrix constraints
Is there any numerical reason for not using repeated multiplication instead of integer powers?
How mature is the "Julia" scientific computing language project?
In what regime do the continuous and discontinuous Galerkin method become unstable for advection-diffusion systems?
Shift-Invert in Anasazi/Belos using Tpetra Sparse Matrices
Derivation of a Higher Order Compact Alternating Direction Implicit Method
sorting adjacency matrix by the Fiedler vector
Shape functions of serendipity element as tensor products
Solving a generalised eigenvalue problem
Barnes-Hut algorithm and recursion limit
Which novel data structures are used in adaptive FEM?
Starting at a Given Basic Feasible Solution in the Simplex Method
Estimating hardware error probability
Solving ODE boundary problem with additional conditions
Tracking for two meshes
Minimizing 1D convex functions
optimizing a discontinous function
Modelling rotating machinery other than AMI rotating meshes
Spatio-temopral wavelet analysis
detecting special $2 \times 2$ matrices in a large array of zeros and ones
Non-linear optimization using approximate gradient
singular value decomposition of a 2 x 2 complex matrix
What to do with singular (non-invertible) rotation matrix
Can numpy.linalg.solve use back substitution when possible?
Meshes in codes that do AMR
How to solve (continuous) quadratic programming problem with non-PSD matrix
Courant Friedrichs Lewy condition - how to get it?
large symmetric positive band matrix
Celestial mechanics simulation software? The 'N-Body Problem'
Convergence issues for a non-linear system
2d pseudo-spectral turbulence simulation with random initial velocities
BFGS Fails to Converge
What language should I use when teaching an undergraduate course in computer programming?
Custom CVX Functions - Overriding Errors
How to plot probability density function in MATLAB?
Self-consistent numerical solution of a set of equations
Condition number of an algorithm
Rank one constraint in optimization, which is nonconvex, but will we find the global maximum?
Monte Carlo estimation of Pi with Buffon's needle
Von Neumann stability analysis in 3d
Implicit finite difference scheme for LWR-v PDE
Harwell-Boeing format for sparse matrices
Matlab: Error in integral function
Neural Networks: what's the point of learning features that don't linearly separate?
How does Abaqus calculate Hill's function for non-rectangular coordinate systems?
What statistical method should be used for spatial correlation between images?
Radial integration of expensive function with Bessel weights
gather data from processors in FFTW3 MPI
Fibonacci, variation on the theme
Modal analysis of structure with aerodynamic damping
Is discontinuous Galerkin really any more parallelizable than continuous Galerkin?
last column of SPD matrix given it's spectral decomposition
How to detect smiles using OpenCV and IntraFace?
an over view of sparsity promoting inversion techniques
Nodal DG method and limiters for hyperbolic conservation laws
Finding maximum value in huge dataset
Numerical Integration with Convergence Factor with SciPy: Problem with Improper Integral
Truncated SVD implementation in Java
Constrained Minimization of Tsallis Entropy
Euler's equations for a tube with varying cross-section
What type of boundary condition(s) do I need to define for a process with diffusion of tracer concentration?
Does the covariance matrix in Least Squares depend upon the input data?
Parallel 2d heat equation (implicit timestepping) using MPI
Discretizing boundary conditions for vortex methods
calculate Binomial coefficient over $2^n$ in Matlab
Coding complex equations into C++
Crouzeix-Raviart Finite Element
Sign differences in spectral decomposition in NumPy
Turbulence: Suggest research papers similar to this experiment
How to find the smallest positive eigenvalue of a large general system if they are all in +/- pairs of real eigenvalues
Extract 3D lower hull from convex hull
Which finite-element framework allows the easy implementation of HDG methods?
BLACS context value and multiple MPI communicators
Euler's equations 1d for pipe, Inlet boundary conditions
L1 functional setting for Navier-Stokes with finite elements
Finding eigenvalues of a complex symmetric tridiagonal matrix
High-order continuous Galerkin Navier-Stokes solver in deal.II
Sparse matrix factorization of a rank deficient matrix by decomposition into linearly independent components
Developing finite volume (FVM) code in C . General advice
Free open source C/C++ library to solve 2d Poisson equation using the finite difference method
Givens method for sparse matrix
How can simulation be fast when Electric Field is being measured with probe in CST Microwave Studio?
Least squares approximation question
Extracting time scales information from empirical cumulative distribution function
Obtaining a 2D profile from a 3D surface
Gilbert-Peierls algorithm for LU Decomposition
Efficient Gravitational Field Implementation
Is it possible to optimise this integration code so that it runs faster?
Optimal partition - variable number of parts
Response to quantifying algorithm bottlenecks memory vs. computation.
Sparse matrix - matrix multiplication
Strategy for solving a non-trivial differential equation
Computing a conservatively rounded square of a double on broken compilers
The closed form solution of a point on a plane
Stiffness ratio evolution for odes
Why is computational cost measured in Floating Pt. Ops. in times of parallel computing?
Adaptive Mesh vs Uniform Mesh for multiple source/boundary/initial Data
Installing GPAW (Python DFT package) on a computing cluster
Solving Navier Stokes Eq using Gauss–Seidel and Finite Difference
How can I implement the implicit Euler method for a small nonlinear system of ODEs?
Iterating through a 3D triangle
Why do QM programs use redundant internal coordinates for geometry optimization?
RATTLE numerical integrator example
Curve detection in cloud of points
Amplitude of discrete Fourier transform of Gaussian is incorrect
Why not use this simpler variant of Stepwise Regression?
Stationary phase approximation for an integral with infinity saddle points?
What sparse linear programming solver it is better to use?
Least Angle when $\textbf{A}^T\textbf{A}$ is singular
Dual time stepping for fluid dynamics
Numerical derivative and finite difference coefficients: any update of the Fornberg method?
Segregated solving of a tightly coupled system of PDEs
Weighted Gauss-Seidel Algorithm
Solving the convection-diffusion equation using finite differences at high Peclet numbers
Finding closed equipotential surfaces on a 3D grid
what went wrong with my logistic regression implementation in c++?
Stiff Equations - What to plot as a qualitative or quantitative measure of stiffness
Adaptive ODE algorithm in Python
Wanted: sequences of linear systems for recycling Krylov solver analysis
Center of Mass for molecule in Gaussian09
Best incremental multidimensional Delaunay tessellation algorithm
Periodic Green's functions in integral equation methods in different frequency regimes
Fast, lightweight C++ tensor library for dimension-agnostic code
Do vendors release their own LAPACK library?
Computing eigendecomposition of a Hermitian matrix that is almost unitary
Assembling sparse matrix in PETSC for Poisson equation
data structures for efficient/easy implementation of finite volume method for 2D Poisson equation
Finding the minimum hamming distance between a bit vector and any pairwise intersection of multiple bit vectors
computing the inverse of a large block diagonal sparse matrix in r
How to model waterflow when only a couple of sample points available
Good Finite Element Library for a small project
Finding Interior eigenvalues using Davidson algorithm
2nd order centered finite-difference approximation of $u_{xy}$
System of nonlinear equations in MATLAB
SVD and HITS Algorithm Power Iterations
How to determine the amount of FLOPs my computer is capable of
The most efficient way to solve diffusion equation with concentrated initial condition
Interface Formulation at Finite Volume Boundaries when using the Dual Mesh
What's the difference between conjugate gradient method and biconjugate gradient method
Numerical spherical integration
SLATEC rouitne dslucs() and MKL correspondence
Fourier Transform of function in Spherical Harmonics
Effect of Initial guess B (approximate Hessian) on BFGS algorithm
Plane constraints in R3
Recommendations on FEM software for implementing Nitsche's method on interfaces between matching meshes?
How to solve a Linear Matrix Equation: AX-XA=B efficiently?
Methods for solving linear systems
Newton-Raphson method fails!
Fast way to compute integral of type $\int dx f(x) \cos(n \pi x)$ in SciPy
WENO reconstruction of flux involving derivative terms
Angular Velocity by Vector - 2D
Angular Velocity by Vector - 2D
Keplerian Orbit Estimator
Systems of nonlinear equations
Applying matrix square root inverse in matrix-free regime
Algorithm for efficient weighted sampling from a collection that can efficiently be updated
Rank of image intensity matrix
finite volume for diffusion equation with anisotropic (tensor) coefficient
How to solve singular non symmetric poisson equation with Neumann boundary condtions?
Interpolation by Solving a Minimization Problem (Optimization)
Dense distributed matrix
CAS to perform "simple" tensor operations in index notation
Is there a reference/source paper for the TUCKER_ALS() in Tensor Toolbox for MATLAB?
oSVD and cSVD terms
Lanczos algorithm with thick restart on a dynamic matrix
What is Precision-Recall Curve?
Elastic LP Programming
Beam finite element stiffness matrix from section constitutive matrix
SciDB vs OLAP cube
Efficient solver for a symmetric tridiagonal system where the upper/lower diagonals are offset
I have to solve a large binary programming task. Should I avoid branch and bound?
LSA, SVD and the Frobenius norm
Inverse problem with a rank-1 update
Optimization with order constraints on parameters
Error analysis and the Model Problem
Optimization of a sum of absolute values of vector entries
Least squares fitting
Any relation between the singular values of each flattening matrices and the core tensor out of Tucker decomposition?
Publishing a software package along with a paper: licensing
Sparse quadratic programming solver
What's the most efficient way to calculate the Wiger quasiprobability distribution?
Scheme to alleviate (numerical?) instability in system of coupled nonlinear ODEs
Large binary programming problem
Mass-conservative reprojection (on a sphere)
Representing Eisenstein numbers without floats
High frequency noise at solving diffusion equation
Image recognition on Raspberry Pi
Free HFSS alternative to create geometry using python
fortran code-algorithm for qr decomposition of non-square matrix
Time array from frequency array in FFT using Python
Optimization of prime factorization in C
Convolution of two radially symmetric functions for double logarithmic plot
plotting discontinuous functions
Computing Kolmogorov/Energy spectrum for turbulent boundary layer
Algorithm to equalize the area of random tessellation of various polygons
Imposing symmetry plane boundary condtition
Is the Thomas algorithm the fastest way to solve a symmetric diagonally dominant sparse tridiagonal linear system
Help with basic Triangular Finite Elements, constructing stiffness/mass matrices
CPLEX claims to have solved QP minimisation but solution is not optimal
Solving "virus", a flash game, in the least amount of attempts
Drunken Man in Matlab
How can I discover / access various SE (storage elements) in GlideinWMS environment?
Can we express max constraint as a linear constraint?
Python vs FORTRAN
Finding null vectors of a parameter-dependent matrix
Moving airfoil boundary conditions
Error propagation on GSL eigenvalues computation
Most memory-efficient way to store a list of numbers
WRL and VRML to Matplotlib/Numpy
FEM: which is the correct way to impose Dirichlet B.C
Why do the shape of finite elements matter?
Neumann / natural BCs in FEA
GPU Computing: Which GPU Brand and Type gives best value for money?
Self-Consistent solution of Boltzmann eqn. using Matlab
Mathematical optimization software free/openSource
How much measure theory should I know to understand the proofs in Brenner & Scott's FEM book?
Marginal values for non linear optimisation using SNOPT
Why does my Finite Difference approximation not work?
An efficient way to convert between MKL and Armadillo types
Implementing the transition matrix for page rank
Solver library for matrix-free linear equation system
PageRank computation as the left principal eigenvector
Is it possible to simulate fluid dynamics in a time-based and deterministic manner?
Linear equation system: Direct solver works, iterative solver does not
Numerically solving the polar poisson equation
What are the areas a student must focus before entering the computational biology research?
Behaviour of folding matrix on image borders (Gaussian Blur)
Finite difference mixed derivatives on quadrilateral (non-orthogonal) grids
solving a linearly-constrained sparse linear least-squares problem
Does length unit in FEM affect numerical condition?
TVL1 algorithm for optical flow
Comparison of Lattice Boltzmann Method vs Traditional Navier-Stokes based Methods
importing PARI libraries ( in C++) with Python
Is there a mesh generator that will generate zero thickness elements for interfaces?
Decompositions of sparse symmetric matrices and methods for solving large linear equations
boundary conditions with non-constant coefficients in cell centred finite volume method
Calculation of isotropic-nematic phase transition
Scripting for High Performance Computing
How to get ODE solution at specified time points?
Do black-box preconditioners for matrix-free methods exist?
Extract the correlation matrix from Monte Carlo data
GPU-accelerated libraries for solving sparse linear systems
Appell function implementation in C++?
Surface normals integration
Tool for computing electric field on a 3d surface
Rearrange a dense distance matrix to a 2x2 non-perfect block diagonal form
One cancels the other qsub semantics atop SGE?
Matrix completion algorithm
A Question About Weak Forms in Fenics
Not enough memory for GMRES
preconditioning a krylov method with another krylov method
GMRES: Making the matrix square without solving for boundaries
MATLAB Newton non-linear equation
K-nearest neighbours search in subspaces of a high-dimensional space
Least Squares and Fourier Series
Projection of vector field on to a gradient field
How to get values from the loop in MATLAB?
Is there always a linear iterative alternative to a recursive iterative process?
Computing element stiffness matrices with variable coefficients
Explicit scheme for heat equation with Neumann boundary conditions in Maple
External solver in Abaqus/Ansys
Solving a system of nonlinear PDEs by minimization
PQR files make from pdb2pqr are different to GROMACS
Fast way to repeatedly solve a small nonlinear equation system
Solver for large non-linear system of equations
Algorithms for adding hydrogens on a molecule
What makes turbomachinery so special in CFD
How to enforce the boundary conditions
Solving the Helmholtz equation numerically
'Varargin' in Fortran
Solving the quadratic in the Fast Marching Method
Accurate implementation of the logarithm of the incomplete Beta function in C++?
Python like generic List in Fortran
Why is SQP better than Augmented Lagrangian for nonlinear programming?
Supernodal vs. Multifrontal Matrix Decompositions
characterising attractors for master equations
Matlab represent graphs
Solving linear system with 6 equations and 22 unknowns for six of the unknowns
About Convex Geometry
Numerical evaluation of the first and second complete elliptic integrals
Matlab fmincon with zero user-supplied hessian
Help deciding between cubic and quadratic interpolation in line search
Fitting a surface to scalar functions given on the edges of a triangulation
Numerical integration of non-uniform acceleration samples
Fast vector - "diagonal" matrix multiplication
What scale problem can be simulated on an PC using Smooth Particle Hydrodynamics?
Removing non-determinism from molecular dynamics code
how could I produce triangular mesh for membrane
Why would this a pair of E5-2670 cpus be faster than 4 E5-2640 cpus for large matrix diagonalisation problems?
How do I integrate this function in python?
How to decrease computation time for symmetric matrices?
How to get discretization coefficients of matrix A in Finite Volume Method (FVM)?
Solving Stokes flow with walls using Oseen tensor
Eigenvalues of a sparse banded nonsymmetric matrix from an elliptic operator
Coupled nonlinear PDEs with time dependence on the RHS
Finite element: handle discontinuity/abrupt interface
Integration of nonlinear PIDE via spectral methods
Regarding streaming operator in Lattice Gas Automata
Performance metrics to compare initial-boundary value problem solutions
Examples of high polynomial order complexity
Computing a description of a set of lattice points
Implementation of Navier-Stokes Equation for Ocean Waves
Is there a complexity between $O(n)$ and $O(n \log n)$
Is there a bound on the number of edges, facets, and elements in a 3D simplicial mesh in terms of the number of mesh nodes?
Automated software optimization and tuning
Optimal numerical method for optimization of “Rosenbrock Banana”-like function
Is it necessary to use Poisson - Boltzmann equation if I only need to build electrostatic potential from a PQR file?
Accurate dot-product of fields with only knowing normals
How do I simultaneously minimize two different functions who have the same inputs?
advection diffusion equation
Are scaled equations still needed?
Flop counts for LAPACK symmetric eigenvalue routines DSYEV, DSYEVD, DSYEVX and DSYEVR
Solving rank deficient systems with cvx
Type of Navier-Stokes equation
High quality flexible GMRES (FGMRES) implementation
How to model a fishing rod (or a rope)?
Finite differences vs. elements: Accuracy and implementation
How to do Fast Fourier transform (FFT) for singular functions?
Trigonometric equation (Lagrange) for the double pendulum
FOSS tools for creating high quality physics animations and simulations in 2d and 3d
learning Gurobi for MIP calculation
Polynomial Fitting with Least Squares using Numpy and Scipy
20% performance penalty for a nice software design
Intel's OpenCL SDK for image processing
How can I create a computational model of the human eye?
biharmonic equation
area of voronoi cell
Heuristic help with preconditioning large system ODEs
Non-linear root finding with positive definite Jacobian
Should I use a database to handle large amounts of results?
Are there companies which create commercial molecular dynamics / monte carlo simulations?
Estimating the parameters of the DACE stochastic model (EGO optimization algorithm)
What are the relative benefits of using Adams-Moulton over Adams-Bashforth algorithm?
Spectral decomposition of symmetric matrix
Mesh with constraints
Guidelines for choosing manufactured solutions for numerical PDE schemes
Threaded QR with column pivoting
Poisson equation with Neumann boundary conditions
Local versus remote development
Algorithm to explore a 3D scalar potential
solving underdetermined system of equations with a sparse matrix as input
PyOpenGL/OpenGL Generating Cosmic NBodys
nonoverlapping domain decomposition
How should I choose the knot sequence when using B-splines as a basis for solving a PDE?
Maximum Likelihood Estimation for State Space Models using BFGS
Elliptical problem with Robin BC
Visualizing certain sets
scipy odeint: sum of conservative ode equations does not remain zero as it is being solved -- is this normal?
Algorithm to calculate the exponential of an Hessenberg matrix
Using numpy arrays in Paraview programmable filter
Tecplot Span-Wise Loading Visualization
C - OpenMP, MPI, Serial Program
Help choose Finite Elements (FEM) software for elastic, multi body system!
Molecular Dynamics: Diffusion with PBC
Molecular Dynamics : Phase transition Lennard Jones potential
Number of faces in a 3D multi-type unstructured grid
Looking for ways to speed up the numeric evaluation of a symbolic expression in Matlab
Maxwell vs Kepler for GPU computation
Calculating high-order derivatives using FFT in Matlab
scipy.sparse: Set row/column in sparse matrix to the identity without changing sparsity
Evaluation of interface terms in Discontinuous Galerkin method
Importance of change the Time Step Value for the Accuracy of a Transient CFD Simulation
Testing if a matrix is positive semi-definite
C - OpenMP, MPI, Serial Program
Energy of damped harmonic oscillator begins increasing with very large Q
MPI_ERR_TRUNCATE appears for no understandable reason
Dynamic problem Finite Element
Coupled PDE: a confusion in boundary condition setup
Fortran 90/95: Deallocating variables
Particle Collision to Static paticles
Iteratively refine bounds on exp for Metropolis criterion
Time Integration of a nonlinear reaction-diffusion system
Trying to understand results for anonymous function defined in two different ways
A separable nonnegative quadratic program
Monte Carlo Simulation - Random Number Motivation
Floating-point arithmetic in scientific computations rules of thumb
Method of lines for inhomogeneous Dirichlet conditions
Python package for (adaptive) function plotting
Accurate Polynomial Evaluation in Floating Point
interpolating a periodic time series
Domain decomposition w/Lagrange multipliers
Python: Multistart optimization using parallel programming
How to compute the weight matrix for tomography applications?
Why are Octrees used for Multipole space decomposition?
Sparse matrix ordering in Python
NURBS surface fitting for a closed region on mesh
How to compute $\Delta u$ on the boundary of the biharmonic equation?
Compiling HSL_ME57 and interfacing with C code
replace non-smooth discrete values with analytical function
wavelet for numerical partial differential equations
Surface integration over a portion of an ellipsoid
Unconstrained optimization learning and programming resources
Transform from constrained to unconstrained optimization
CFD absractions in Modern Fortran
Interpolating irregular data on a sphere
Conditioning of matrix factorizations and square roots
Many processors reading a single HDF5 file
Do C++ matrix libraries translate compound vector operations to single loops?
boundary condition in COMSOL
vector PDEs on manifolds
Introductory Resources on FEM
Matlab: why I am getting the block diagonal form of this antisymmetric matrix always as zero?
How do you mesh and re-mesh a surface (2-manifold) in 4D?
Sparse smallest eigenvalue problem on a linear subspace?
Organizing a CFD program written in python
Two approaches to solving diffusion equation in Fourier space
Which type of meshing is more suited for simulation of electromagnetic metamaterial unit cells?
Border Mapping of Scatter plot
Algorithm for optimizing graph interconnectivity
Overcoming floating point issues when Inverse does not exist but determinant provides nonzero result
Surface fitting
How can a quadratic positive definite minimization be unbounded
Which processor should I consider buying for a desktop built for scientific computing?
Understanding the use of Minimum Translation Vector (MTV) for an elastic collision response
Finding roots without knowing much about the function
Basis for spatially localized function
enhancing a MIP formulation of Ising model
How can QR iteration with complex matrices produce complex diagonal entries?
How to efficiently assemble global stiffness matrix in sparse storage format (c++)
How do error estimates scale for multidimensional cubature?
State-of-the-art for active set optimization algorithms?
Find a single vector in the null space
Finite Difference Method Stability
Lattice Boltzmann Method
Recommendations for symmetric preconditioner
Finite element convergence rates for mixed problems
Question about ellipsoid method
How many years it would take our laptops to be as fast as the fastest super computer in 2000
Symbolic Computations with Block Matrices in Maple
Fastest multithreaded radix sort
Advice on numerical solution for 2D hyperbolic PDE with zero flux boundary conditions
Python - calculation time derivative and laplacien by finite differences
Finite Elements Weak Formulation generalization
How does matrix-matrix product scale with multiple CPUs?
Algorithm for distributing members over activites (with individual preferences)
Should I use bestman2 or dcache CLIs (srmping, srmls, etc..)
Books on mathematical foundation of finite element methods
prove optimality only by cutting without branching (gurobi)
Fast way to compute barycentric lagrange interpolation
Generating Hessian of the Lagrangian with dynamic number of nonlinear constraints in Fmincon
Generating start point in a systematic manner for fmincon
eigenvalue of small symmetric matrices
Searching for periodic solutions of Mathieu equation using MATLAB's ode45 and a crude shooting algorithm
Is it well known that some optimization problems are equivalent to time-stepping?
Open source auto-differentiation for MATLAB?
Levenberg-marquardt: How to calculate the jacobian with fixed parameters
Does it make sense to build ATLAS from source on a cloud machine?
Solving a problem using multiple threads using CLP
Suggestions for open source C++ library for medium scale non-linear solver
Lua and Fortran (or Python) I/O
Permission denied with diary command
Appropriate algorithm for (non-linear) ODE with integral equilibrium constraint: collocation?
0,1 binary polynomial programming
What is the current state of the art in solving higher dimensional parabolic PDEs (multi-electron Schrödinger equation)
Fast way to compute all eigenvalues of a dense Hermitian matrix
Signal balancing using SVD: notations and implementation in R
rank-deficient NNLS
Comparing Eigenvectors, Mathematica vs. Matlab
Numerically compute one-to-one mapping
Issues with Open MPI
Calculating periodicity of a pseudo random number generator (Middle-square method)
use Matlab's PDE toolbox to solve PDE with variable coefficients
OpenCL C Matrix Multiplication over Multiple Runs
Discrete Poisson Equation with Pure Neumann Boundary Conditions
Non linear system of equations with discretization on k-space
How to minimize the artefact of a cartesian to polar transform followed by a polar to cartesian transform?
Open several dependent functions in matlab with scripting
Understanding the cost of adjoint method for pde-constrained optimization
Pre calculate mathematical expressions in Fortran 90
Cloud solutions for microscopy image analysis
solving a non-linear equation with integrals involved
Tanh-sinh quadrature numerical integration method converging to wrong value
difference of polytopes in $\mathbb{R}^n$
The solution found by the optimization function when exitflag is negative
How to test convergence of an algorithm for constrained optimization
What are the numerical methods for huge polynomial systems?
FEM with soil slope
How can I convert this SDP constraint?
algorithm Matlab function 'stream2' and 'stream3' use to compute streamline
How to measure trajectory regularity?
Solving a system of nonlinear equations with an ODE solver is faster than with the Newton method?
Finite differences and Neumann boundary conditions
Efficient RQ decomposition
ODE boundary value problem relaxation method reference request
Parameter ESTimation (PEST) algorithm? Steps and purposes?
Algorithm for merging mesh with cad file
Efficient assembly of finite element matrix(coupled equations case)
Constructing matrix from eigenvalues, eigenvectors (Inconsistency with Matlab's eig())
Python: What is a good way to generate a 1D particle field with a gaussian distribution?
Reconciling vector and scalar notation
What disables Gradual Overflow?
Set limits in Matlab plot automatically
Compute hypergeometric function ratio: $\frac{_{2}F_{1}(a+1,b;c;x)}{_{2}F_{1}(a,b;c;x)}$?
Using OpenMP in Fortran for common array operations
Optimal Discontinuous Galerkin (DG) solver on a parallel system
Visualising Maxwell's equations using MATLAB
How to solve coupled steady laminar diffusion flame jet problem?
Projection Method: Boundary condition on intermediate velocity field
Choosing epsilons
Impact of frequent row major / column major conversions using LAPACK/BLAS?
Anisotropic invariant expansion
What spline functions are used in Section 13.9 of "Numerical Recipes in C"?
Principal Components Analysis Not Behaving as I Expect it to
Parametric spectrum estimation using aryule: difference between Python and Matlab
What are some reasons that Conjugate Gradient iteration does not converge?
Line Integral Convolution (LIC) Requirements
Gradient descent on the PDF of the multivariate normal distribution
Finding shortest path in a time/distance map
Measurement error library
Finding optimal velocity profile using Dynamic Programming
Printing a plot in Octave-3.8.1 breaks LaTeX labels
Numerical minimization of scalar-valued function in 3d
How to plan & incorporate project management tools into research code
Maximum function evaluation with NLOPT in Python
Most efficient library to diagonalize exactly large hermitian or unitary matrices
Looking for Runge-Kutta 8th order in C/C++
BLAS/LAPACK Non absolute sum
Compute hypergeometric function ratio: $\frac{_{2}F_{1}(a+1,b;c;x)}{_{2}F_{1}(a,b;c;x)}$, for large positive $a,b,c$?
Applying Dirichlet b.c. to the Eigenvalue-Problem
Constructing explicit Runge Kutta methods of order 9 and higher
Histogram separation energy equation based on Bhattacharyya
Unwrap cylinder to plane in Paraview
Integer simplification of irrational inequality
Accurate computation of $\frac{\mathrm{B}_{x,y}(\alpha + 1,\beta)}{\mathrm{B}_{x,y}(\alpha,\beta)}$ for large paramers?
Lagrange Multipliers in Multi-body Finite Element Code
Algorithm: Extracting motion frequency from video
How to get proper parameters of SPH simulation?
a circular plot from a vector which represents the temperature along the radius surface, which is the same for every radius
Machine precision and local error
Dimensionality reduction of the domain of f(x)
Writing a 3D array from Petsc
Python: Computation time Issue with mpi4py
Simulating interaction of Smart Fluids with Solids
Beginning Computer Programming
Speedier alternative to “skimage.morphology._pnpoly import points_inside_poly”?
Exascale computer today
Books and references on implementing finite difference codes for PDEs
CUDA Fortran: Multi GPU Programming and memory allocation
What is a general method for identifying how connected parts of a binary volume are?
Solving Lx = b for big sparse Laplacian matrices
Translate a 3D point along a heading
What is 'SOLVER' in R and Statistics/Analytics ?
Recommendations for input file format for science applications
Minimisation problem in thousands of dimensions
Is there a jump condition for this PDE? ( Brinkman model , piecewise constant permeability)
Jump condition for elliptic equation in standard finite element method
Computing the derivative on a mesh
Neural Network - single layer perceptron for multiple classes
How to find max and min bounds of a uncertain function
Choice of spaces for mixed formulation for Poisson Equation Or Darcy equation
Parallel Gram-Schmidt algorithms
jump conditions for Poisson/Darcy equation in primal form versus mixed form
How can DFT of a two dimensional array be found using program for one dimensional DFT in C?
Patankar's algorithms for Numerical Heat Transfer and Fluid Flow
How can I use Scipy to fit data generated from a C++ model?
Non-conservative implementation implicit Euler
Solve a differential equation with finite difference method
VTK File: How do I save data on a cell face?
How can one produce a proper streamline plot?
Azimuthal average in Fortran? Find indexes in Fortran?
Test set for linear solvers
Analog of perfectly matched layers for finite element methods
Reference for approximation errors in 2D and 3D by using FEM
Lax-Richtmyer stability analysis
Calculate the machine epsilon in Matlab
When are two vectors considered "close"?
What is the algorithm that matlab used in its built-in function 'pca'?
Solve a fourth order differential equation
Fastest linear solver for sparse positive semidefinite, striclty diagonally dominant matrix
Partial differential equations with octave
Evaluating 6D Gaussian Integral in Matlab
linear solution of curve fitting on multiple linear functions differing by a multiplier
Finding self-similar solutions
Solving a system of polynomial equations with multiple variables
Schur(QZ) Decomposition Differences
Numerically solve a PDE in Python with a term calculated by coarse-graining
optimising changing the range of integers from random number generation
Confusion in modeling and computing
General question about Computational Science
Implementation of nonlinear term in FEM
Is the shooting method the only general numerical method for solving nonlinear boundary value ODEs?
Boundary conditions Chebyshev differentiation
Does it matter if I use principal component analysis on the transpose instead of the original matrix?
Is there a relatively simple way to extract the Jacobian from a Runge-Kutta 4/5 integrator?
Should I pass command line arguments to MPI_Init or not?
Policies Relating to Publication and Open Source Development of Code in Academia
How to generate a rotated (by 90 degrees) logistic sigmoid function in Python
How to determine the number of c points in algebraic multi grid
3D Poisson equation, Fourier and Chebyshev
Testing 1D root-finding procedures for robustness
Treatment of Neumann (Traction) boundary conditions using projection methods
steady state solution from parabolic problem vs solution of elliptic problem
Using Trilinos and/or Petsc in Windows with Visual Studio?
Are there improved method of computing the following expression?
Is there a Gauss-Laguerre integration routine in Python?
FEniCs: help in implementing the boundary condition for 1D problem
What is numerical damping in the context of time-dependent FEM solvers?
Fortran 2003 ARPACK wrapper
Energy Conservation in Conservation Laws with Source Terms
How to implement Gauss-Laguerre Quadrature in Python?
Using scipy.quad to calculate difficult integral
Maths calculations for randomly generated numbers don't match computed averages
(Fortran) Integrating/summing over complicated 3D domain
Behavior of integration method
Open source linux Maple Worksheet Interpreter/Converter?
Solving "Hadamard systems"
Is R or Matlab currently faster?
Mesh generator that can do 2D & 3D elements combined?
Large overdetermined system of linear equations
Deriving entropy function and entropy flux for a system of equations
How to solve this optimization problem with abs object function?
Least-squares for a diagonal matrix
Numerical methods for boundary-value ODEs with a jump condition
fastest and most efficent way to count all combinations in many sets and sum them together
How to deal with indeterminate function limit?
Why does scipy's odeint function give a non-monotonic solution for a problem whose solution should be monotone?
Buckling reference using the FEM
2D Neumann Conditions on Irregular Domain
Method with low memory requirement for large-scale eigenvalue problem
Get symmetric Finite Difference matrix in non Laplacian settings
Parallel solver for sparse matrices on unstructured grids
How best to use scipy.integrate's ODE solvers when state is not naturally stored as a vector?
Estimating mutual information of sine time series using 2D kernel density estimators
What are the differences between CFD simulations and realistic ocean/atmosphere model simulations?
Method to quantify geometric difference of two dissimilar meshes
Does the amount of correlation of model parameters matter for nonlinear optimizers?
Looking for some literature about numerical solution of _coupled_ PDEs
writing linear system in matrix form
How to impose an integral conservation in solving ODEs boundary value problems (BVP)?
scipy.integrate.odeint: how can odeint access a parameter set that is evolving independently of it?
How to know whether a boundary-value ODE problem is well defined?
Windows C++ library for operations on mesh with a mex-interface in Matlab?
PETSc or Trilinos for GPU?
How to check the correctness of my implementation of a numerical scheme for differential equation
Possible to reduce effort needed to solve non-linear ODEs by taking some coefficients/parameters as constant over small time intervals?
Why might the time taken to compute the solution of an ODE system over some interval increase non-linearly with increasing size of interval?
Diagonalize a circulant-plus-rank-one matrix
Solving large, non-linear systems of ODEs numerically: what do I need to consider in order to figure out which solver to use?
Soft question: What are good libraries for solving ordinary differential equations?
Fortran library for minimization or maximization of functions (optimization problem)
Time-stepper approach to eigenvalue problem
How to avoid catastrophic cancellation in python function?
Modifying finite difference solution to Schrodinger eqn to account for fermion/boson effects
Comparison between Voronoi and Delaunay 2D quadrature methods
How to compute frank copula and its derivative accurately?
Why should I renormalize physical variables?
Compute drag force on a mesh in SU2 CFD (beginner)
Do I need to impose boundary conditions in the Jacobian matrix?
Nondimensional gas constants
Fast explicit solution for $\mathbf{A}\mathbf{x} = \mathbf{b}$, $ \mathbf{b} \in \mathbf{R}^3$, low condition number
Seeking a free symbolic regression software
Rendering Huge Data with Renderman Interface Bytestream
How to write integration tests for numeric simulation software?
Finding a global minimum of non-convex quasi-smooth function that is costly to evaluate
Package for integration over non-rectangular region
Runge-Kutta 4th order for 4 coupled first order differential equation
Solving a minimization problem with "scaled" equality constraint
scipy odeint - Excess work done on this call
What is the exact formulation of compressible Euler equation of gas dynamics in polar coordinates with artificial diffusion in 2D?
Minimize quadratic form with equality constraints
Solving Advection (Convection) - Diffusion - Reaction Partial Differential Equation in Python
Solving Generalization of Saddle point problem
Error implementing Robin boundary conditions in toy ODE problem
Test Case with Known Solution for 3D Navier Stokes Equations
Derivative-free nonlinear optimization of discrete objective function with linear constraints (simplex)
Produce one smooth curve on one triangle mesh
Puzzling remark about stability region of fifth-order Runge-Kutta method
Is it possible to output the matrix condition number from pardiso (MKL)?
matlab: []*[] == [] makes vectorized code difficult
Condition number from incomplete Cholesky factorization
How does the number of iteration until optimization begins depends on the dimension of the problem?
total memory usage of MPI shared memory
How to calculate collision force with no future knowledge
Finite differences scheme for 2D advection equation
Numerical Principal Value Integration - Hilbert like
Apply for a cluster for scientific computing from a developing country?
Matrix size LAPACK can support with level-3 BLAS
Parallel optimization algorithms for a problem with very expensive objective function
Applying the method of lines to parabolic PDEs: references and software
Where to find CAD and mesh models for tests?
How to estimate the local error and the global error for Runge-Kutta method
Matlab equivalent of scipy's 'vode' and 'zvode' ode routines
Why does Matlab's integral outperform integrate.quad in Scipy?
Solving a nonlinear equation with random variable
How to set up a shock tube problem such that the solution includes a shock with a specified Mach number
How many generations does it typically take for a differential evolution method to reach a global optimum?
Do they use semidefinite programming in industry?
Libraries with the method of lines for parabolic PDEs
Combinatorial optimization problem: choose a set of corrective factors to make a set of points most closely resemble a plane
Number of control points for B-spline curve
The definition of asymptotic convergence?
Crank-Nicolson method for solving nonlinear parabolic PDEs
How can I solve this 1D nonlinear, variable-coefficient hyperbolic PDE?
Solvers for stiff initial value ODEs with sparse Jacobian
Runge-Kutta with all nodes at n+1 or zero weights otherwise
Solving a nonlinear equation with a Markov process and RVs
Implicitly defined univariate function
Domain Decomposition with PETSc
Fast methods to solve an elliptic PDE if high accuracy is needed only in part of the domain
Maximize sum of Rayleigh quotients
Numerical evaluation of an elliptic integral in python
Euler Equation Eigensystem with Gravity in the Energy Flux
How does constraint resolution affect the stability/accuracy of numerical integration?
How to represent weighted nuclear norm of matrix variable X and minimize it by CVX function, or solve it by other possible packages
Is Langevin thermostat/equation correct when trying to model time-dependent behaviour of a molecule?
Solving a pair of high-degree polynomials in two variables with Maple
Transparent boundary conditions for finite element simulation of TDSE
2nd Order finite difference for 1D wave equation matlab issue
Mixed DG for Poisson with mixed BC's
Mixed-integer quadratic programming, state of art
Comparison of the time efficiency of an optimization problem formulated as a Network Flow model and Mixed Integer Programming
How to plot function with evenly spaced x values in Matlab
Are there any algorithms "incrementally remove part of data (esp., old data)" from the existing SVD model of a data?
Poisson solver diverged
numerical integration of exponential which contains complex function
How to connect two fitted B-spline curve?
Maple stored variable to be read into Matlab
Saving symbolic function to increase efficiency in Matlab
Beale's function and newton iteration
A method to determine whether a point can be contained within a circle with no neighbouring points
Programming Finite Element Methods in C++
Statistical analysis of optimization algorithms
Evaluate sine of a polynomial root close to $\pi$
Adaptive mesh refinement algorithms and the difference between AMR and moving mesh
What are the good testing problems for hyperbolic equation?
Optimal solution to a table of numbers
numerical solver for stochastic optimal control problems
When should a geometric stiffness matrix for truss elements include axial terms?
MAX-SAT pseudo-boolean optimization(PBO) weighted boolean optimization(WBO) solver
4th order tensor
How does the L-stability or A-stability of a scheme relate to its ability to preserve a quadratic invariant?
Infinite Function Value on Dirichlet Boundary
Code/package for Quasiharmonic approximation
Evaluating oscillatory integrals with many independent periods and no closed forms
state of art MAX-SAT solver for ising spin glass
Can anyone give me some suggestions about optimize my Matlab codes?
Numerical integration and filtering of acceleration experimental data
Fluent time step size (transient implicit solver)
Plot a surface from data sets in MATLAB
Eigenvalue analysis of preconditioned partial differential operator
fitting a non-linear curve
Solving the quadratic in the Fast Iterative Method
Adjusting Keplerian orbits for thrust with numerical stability
Finding nearest neighbors using Jaccard distance for positive, real-valued vectors
Intuition behind Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers
Difference between rounding modes in computational science?
single-variate function variational Intensity Plot for Matlab
How to write a function-generating code in Python/MATLAB?
Performance of adding eight numbers sequentially vs. in a tree
Numerical method for solving PDE with non-linear boundary conditions
Trignometric/Fourier spectral collocation with zero Dirichlet BC in 2D
Computing the (non-convex) boundary of a set of paths between two points
Is it better to do normalization after all orthogonalization in Gram-Schmidt process?
Two Dimensional Nozzle Flow
MATLAB: incorrect computation with pdepe for parabolic-elliptic system
Iterative algorithm prove precise conditions for convergence
Piegl's algorithm in calculating B-spline basis function
What is the relation between Kruskal tensor and CP decomposition?
Picking highest value non-adjacent groups within a set
CFD: Mesh problem
Poisson equation with pure Neumann boundary conditions (using FEM)
Plotting renormalization group flow diagram from recursion relation
passing arguments to ode45 with 'flag'
Piecewise linear approximation of an experimental data curve. Knots position constrained
How can I prove numerical diffusion in upwind scheme for transport equation
What kind of test cases are convenient to use for testing the code for Euler equations of gas dynamics in polar coordinates?
Deflation for generalized eigenvalue problem
Disciplined convex programming error: Only scalar quadratic forms can be specified in MATLAB's CVX
Scaling factor of the inverse Fourier Transform (for convolution purposes)
Frozen coefficient method (von Neumann stability analysis)
Efficient way to compute the cumulative weights of all subtrees rooted at each node in a tree?
Efficiently swap vectors in PETSC
Which version of Fortran should I learn?
Riemann surfaces: computing $f(z) = \int_0^z \frac{dx}{\sqrt{P(x)}}$
Finite Volume Method flux integration
On the cardinality of the set of numbers representable by a floating point system
Finite volume method implementation issues
graph theory operations to explore structure of a graph
How to represent molecules and compare equality
Are there any popular (paralleled) implementations of Lanczos methods for SVD/eigendecomposion?
smallest eigenvalues for linear elasticity
2D cross section from 3D surface
Discrete optimization on a cartesian product with component-wise increasing objective function
Sampling from the Generalized Beta of the Second Kind in Fortran
On the completeness of the Periodic Table of Finite Elements
Why doesn't the integral of a smoothing kernel equal 1?
Solving electron density function for Hydrogen and drawing in 3D
Inverse advection-diffusion problem, solving for a drift coefficient with experimental data?
Nonlinear ODE to solve Duffing's equation
convex optimization with objective function given by oracles
Additional cost associated with quad (or higher) precision
Optimizing rank computation for very large sparse matrices
Filling out a mesh (for Fenics FEM)
Eigenvalues and Timestep restriction
Why is my MATLAB code for back-substitution slower than the backslash operator?
How can I call the Boost C++ odeint Runge-Kutta integrator for a system of ODEs?
Eigenvalues and Timestep restriction Follow up
What is a good way to take fractional powers of a matrix in MATLAB?
Eigenvectors: MATLAB vs LAPACK DGGEV or DGGEVX
Are additional penalty terms necessary to solve elliptic PDE's with DG-FEM?
How to tell if symplectic integrator is more suitable for my problem, and what are downsides?
Global optimization methods in computational chemistry
MILP formulation and optimization
How to solve an ode with stochastic time-dependent input
Help me analyze the computational cost of two kinds of operations
Switch between 2 equations to be given to ODE using events
MAX-SAT and MAX-cut
how to pick a submatrix of a sparse matrix quickly(matlab)
Checking if convex polytope is nonempty
What is the best method to combine multiple vectored results into one chart?
Need a simple mesh format (for FEA) and a tool to generate the mesh
Designing a preconditioner for a very Ill-conditionned matrix
non-smooth convex c++ solver
Can the conservative form of the advection equation be re-written by replacing the velocity term with an integral over all other points in space?
How can we compute the exact value of some rotational symmetric n-by-n convolution kernel
Simulating a traveling sine wave
What Is The Intersection Between CFD and Computer Science
Actually calculating the rate of convergence of iteratvie methods when exact solution is unknown
explain the difference between 1D Poisson solvers
Is it normal to expect the error of simulation of a damped harmonic oscillator to decrease as the damping factor decreases?
Neumann boundary problem
Coding a convex problem in CVX
why overlapping technique can accelerate the additive/multiplictive Schwarz
Finite Element integration with tensor notation
Is the bandwidth of indefinite A equal to its factor L in LDL^T?
Modelica "derivative" annotation problem
Time complexity for sparse direct solver for SPD system with respect to number of equations, bandwidth, number of nonzeros?
How to prove time complexity of merge sort
Computing expectations
Unable to validate the Roe matrix for the Shallow Water Equations
Dynamically ending ODE integration in SciPy
Debugging in parallel mode using Netbeans
Speed of solving linear system with block diagonal matrix
Expected computational time for DNS computation of fluid flow
Motivation behind Galerkin method
Projecting onto convex shapes - best fit convex polygon
How is the divergence and curl approximated in Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics?
How to determine if a point is outside or inside a curve
Jacobian matrices on unstructured grids: underlying map?
CVX : Obtaining the minimizing parameter at the optimum
Finite Difference Error Estimate for an Elliptic PDE with an Oscillatory Coefficient
Can you provide me with the source code of DMRG writen by C++?
Parallel vs Serial Thomas Algorithm
Quick and simple discrete 2D Helmholtz-Hodge Decomposition using FFTs?
How to choose $h$ in SPH?
Largest Cylinder inside Polyhedron
In-place QR update: deleting a column
Graph drawing with constraints
Numerical Solution of non-linear diffusion equation using Finite Differencing
Visualizing the difference of two sets of VTK files
How to integrate numerically a function with error bars?
How to give a simple estimation of errors for results obtained from 4th order Runge-Kutta
I am looking for a complex sparse matrix EigenVector solver for GPGPU; preferably CUDA
LAPACK DGGEVX: BALANC option
Solve diffusion equation with linear source term
Can you give some information for rothe method
How-to: Epic visualizations of 3D fractals?
Steklov-Poincaré operator for overlapping domain decomposition
ARPACK gives different answers from Matlab and NAG
roots of polynomials of high degree: LinAlgError: Eigenvalues did not converge
Computing multiple numerical derivatives at once
Is there an upper bound for fill-ins for indefinite triangular factorization?
Finding a scalar field in order to generate a solenoidal vector from a given vector
using GPUs before CUDA and OpenCL
How big a matrix can we row reduce in reasonable time?
Unexpected behavior, values tend to converge instead of fluctuate. (MD)
How to solve this problem using Particle Swarm Optimization?
Tracking the speed of 2D oscillations on a lattice
Data format for Cartesian mesh with cut cells
Solve steady state reaction-diffusion/Helmholtz equation numerically
Application of CLAWPACK to Richards' equation
Conceptual question about fitting of scattered data
Searching solution for solving huge linear system in MATLAB or C
What is a reasonable manufactured solution to test finite difference method?
How to construct the matrix like this
Is solving Verlet constraints parallelizable?
Determine unit outward normal vector for a curve
Solving a Nonlinear BVP using Finite Difference Method
Efficient Successive Over Relaxation using Cuda?
What is Mesh Independence Report?
Deriving the error bound for Bisection Method
What is the cost of factorization for one-dimensional sparse problems?
infinite but non-periodic space with PMLs in Comsol
calculating eigenvector components of a given vector
Finite Difference in Polar Co-ordinates
Problem with implementing linear advection using DG-method
Solve eigenvalue problem using finite differences without vectorization
ENO/WENO component-wise vs characteristic-wise
Neumann Boundary Condition at r=0 in Polar Coordinates (Numerical BCs)
Compute accuracy order as mesh gets refined?
Large-scale nonlinear optimization problem
Zero-k mode in Pseudo-spectral solution of Stokes Flow
Speeding up the classical Jacobi method using Scheduled Relaxation method?
Tetrahedral Mesh file format in TETGEN
FEM for a nonlinear parabolic PDE
What are the tradeoffs of using statically allocated arrays vs. pointers and dynamic allocation?
Alternatives to Comsol Multiphysics
Numerical eigenbasis for a unitary matrix
Implement Robin Boundary Condition
The rate of convergence for finite difference methods for Poisson's equation with piecewise constant data
diagonalization of matrix - omitting small matrix elements
2nd order differences for modelling a physically discrete phenomenon?
Absorbing BC's / PML on a graph
Minimization of The Blind Deconvolution Functional
What is lost in terms of approximation, when writing a problem in terms of a Differential Algebraic Equation (DAE) system rather than an ODE system?
Gradient of a vector on a triangulated lattice
Stationary 2D/3D Navier-Stokes source code
Solving first-order ODE with Dirichlet b.c. using CDS -> singular matrix
Computing eigenpairs of singular matrix with ZGEEV?
How to determine the support/influence domain for irregularly distributed nodes in the Element-Free Galekin Method?
How in Fortran 77 or in the next standards to do a multi-column out put in a simple calculation, having a Nested loop?
How we can implement the result of maximum principle in our numerical optimization algorithm?
How to integrate Euler Bending Equation in C++?
How to find all roots of equation in Matlab?
Convex Polygon Intersection
Solving Kepler equation for true or eccentric anomaly
Meshing of polygons
Find the solution of linear equation using Wiedemann/ Krylov method
Iterative algorithms for sparsity using a function for operator A in Ax=b
Active Elements in Projected Newton's Method?
Why does FEM usually formulate the problems in reference configuration?
Use of Java or Scala in HPC?
Methods for Constrained Optimization Problems with Box Constraints
Is it possible to predict the null space of a structure from contributing elements null spaces?
optimization non linear problem with java code
Approximate $h$ in $F(\theta)=\sin \theta \int_{-L}^{+L}h(z)e^{-ikz\cos \theta} \,dz$
Structural FEM analysis: transiet response vs frequency response
P versus Q elements
Using the Nelder-Mead algorithm to find a maximum
What's the difference between grid-based and mesh-based methods for PDEs?
Solution blows up when using Runge-Kutta to solve simultaneous ODEs for liquid film equations
Are there HPC clould services?
Solve poisson equation with Neumann b.c. (matlab or octave)
methods for a peculiar BVP system
Guidelines for nested preconditioners
Discontinuous Galerkin energy method
Variable viscosity Stokes equation
Importing results of FEM analysis into Matlab
Arbitrary Choosing of the Solution Domain - Navier Stokes and Manufactured Solutions
How to prove the strong formulation for Discontinuous Galerkin is conservative?
Comparing computational complexity of convex optimization and a heuristic algorithm
Parallel Monte Carlo simulation using PETSc
Error of interpolating polynomial
Algorithm code for Drazin and Bott-Duffin inverse (Matlab or C)
Solve numerically inwards and outwards the radial equation?
Reference request for numerical variational method
Bessel EVP and fzero
BDF2 and TR-BDF2: what is better?
Projecting Finite Element solution onto new mesh
Effect of subdomain topologies on overlapping additive Schwarz?
How to present a polynomial interpolation if the first order information of function f(x) is given?
Solve for a matrix given two vectors
Good tutorials on how to use Butcher tables?
Get a single value from a global Vec in petsc
Difference between eigendecomposition and singular value decomposition for Hermitian matrices
CFL condition and Lax-Friedrich numerical flux
Triangular mesh of a 3D surface
Model of heat sink problem with fan
Search Direction in Conjugate Gradient
How to solve Energy Balance equation by numerical method
eigs routine in octave
Piecewise linear optimization with resource allocation constraints
C++ mixed integer nonlinear programming (MINLP) solver
Thin plate stiffness: analytical formula to validate FEM model
Converting convex quadratic constraint to linear matrix inequality (LMI)
Algorithm to compute the intersection of two lines given their cartesian equations
Using SVD to biorthogonalize left and right eigenvectors?
Convergence of a DASPK depending on DAE formulation
Initial Value Problem using Finite Element
Solving nested MILP problems
Faster methods for projecting a mesh onto a hierachally unrelated mesh?
Solving a double integral in Matlab
Derivation of Adams-Bashforth coefficients
Computation of multipole expansion of potential not converging
Is it possible to eliminate the inner sum to evaluate numerically?
Modified diffusion equation and unstabilities
Discontinuous Galerkin, residual orthogonal to test functions?
How to determine the minimum number of multiplication needed for a specific expression?
How to impose boundary conditions on eigenfunction problems?
Simple way to derive transpose of a vectorized operation
Visually appealing ways to plot singular vector fields with matplotlib or other foss tools
Laplacian discretization for parametric curves
Library for calculating determinants with Kronecker products
What are the novel MOOP method?
Shared memory parallel computing solutions compared
Solving Initial Value problem ignoring the time-derivative
Find $\min x^TAy$ subject to $1^Tx=1^Ty=1,x\ge 0,y\ge 0$
Manufactured solution for pressure based 3d incompressible Navier-Stokes solver with wall boundaries
Value of density when there are no or very few neighbours in SPH simulation
GAMS solvers: which one to use
Finding self-kissing points on a plane curve?
Direct or iterative solver for ill-conditioned problems
How to Check a Hyper-Cube for Defects
Algorithms for radiation treatment planning
Generalized linear-fractional program
What does "strongly conservative" mean in the context of numerical methods?
Monte Carlo update based on sub-lattices
solving for unknown inside an expectation
Is there a faster method to compute the geometric series of a matrix?
Finding the minimum of a convex function with noisy evaluation
What Python libraries do I need to do computational physics?
Help on writing sofware: general guidelines, in particular separation of computation and visualization
optimization (using python) how to find the most suitable solver?
Temperature dependent 1-d conduction in Python?
3D animation of a vector field (ParaView)
compute change of phase along closed contour
Mapping to a computationally less expensive basis when employing Newton's method
Optimization: Providing gradients by autodifferentiation e.g PyAutoDiff
Bracket Algebra, Straightening Algorithm
Construct a preconditioner for the linear system $Ax = b$ from a different matrix
Large residual when integrating 2nd order ode close to singularity with SciPy ode / ODEPACK
Newton iteration for cube root without division
Nearest positive semidefinite matrix to a symmetric matrix in the spectral norm
Finite elements $W^{1,\infty}$ error estimates
Mac/Xcode/C++ connect with GAMS
How to calculate numerical dispersion relations for Spectral Elements?
Compute eigenvalues with Arpack
find the exact solution ref The finite element method using matlab by Kwon and Bang
How to interpret/convert density in 2D simulations?
Solving differential equations in MAPLE (ballistic curve problem)
Numerical integration algorithm for this set of ODEs
How to plot feasible design space of a Generic Multiobjective Optimization problem?
Exit point of a ray shot through the earth from another location on the earth?
Raising elementwise a large symmetric, positive definite matrix to a power in Matlab
Minimizing the edge length of a polygon preserving its angles
Order of eigenvalue problem using c++ Eigen library
What is the Radius of Convergence for analytic functions?
How to evaluate a series of derivatives?
For loops in matlab with a specific starting point
approximation of nonlinear time-dependent system with history
Estimating the second largest eigenvalue
Coordinate transformations and analytic form of non-uniformly gridded fourier transform
Dirichlet boundary condition
roots of polynomials with small coefficients
Well-posedness of a linear elasticity problem and Navier-Cauchy equation
Interpolating 3D Array non-monotonic data in MatLab
Surface charge boundary conditon for Poisson-Boltzmann solver
How to fix time intervals to store data in a stochastic simulation (continous time markov chain)
Unconstrained minimization of unbounded function with SciPy
Determining efficiency in MFLOPS/s of a parallel program
Equilateral triangle based mesh generation by intersection
Why do structured and unstructured discretizations give different errors?
How to obtain a convergent solution iteratively for a linear system of equations?
HDF5 Many Writers, One External Reader
Solving condensate density problem in MATLAB
Calculation of phonon dispersion
Strict Feasibility in Interior Point Methods
What are good parametrizations of rational functions for response surface models?
most efficient way to calculate eigen states of a 2D or 3D potential (Matlab)
Resources for viscous behavior in simple FEM
Creating Periodic Noise in Matlab and then adding it to a signal
Do you spend time reading pure math books as a graduate student on computational math
What is the difference between SSPRK3 and RK3 time discretization methods?
literature on scientific computing
Mathematica NIntegrate function in C++
Algorithm for high quality 1/f noise?
Alternative to (costly) matrix multiplication
Piecewise linear fitting of a curve in loglog plot
Creating FEM mesh for image region — what is the most suitable shape function?
Simulating a Simple Pendulum - Increasing amplitude on each swing?
Visualization of solution for a MAC grid
FFT convolution vs direct convolution
Why are functional representations of systems important in numerical applications?
Finite elements on manifold
MCNPX for nuclear simulation
Doubt regarding stopping criterion for Newton method
Gonzalez algorithm
The "standard map" and Jupiter's red spot
Applying the Runge-Kutta method to second order ODEs
Help about Fluid-Fluid coupling techniques
Matlab Large Numbers and Small Numbers
Am I using the incorrect implementation of the fast Chebyshev transform?
Mathematical error when attempting to represent step function using fourier series
Derivative of a generalized eigenvalue problem
optimize vertices using a cost function on triangles
When and why is `r./sum(r)` not a good way to renormalize a vector in PageRank computation?
FLOPs of iterative vs direct solvers
RK4 for stiff IVP
Sparse linear system of certain type
How can I reduce integration tolerance in matlab?
Shallow Water Equations Boundary Conditions
Step-wise finite element formulations: can this be done?
Is it possible to locate an image in a video using MATLab?
Algorithms for searching in high-dimensional binary data spaces
Is "vector pipelining" a thing?
Levenberg-Marquardt - What is preferable (A + mu.I) or (A + mu.diag[A])?
Why is SIMD programming on such a low level in CPU's compared to GPU's?
Strong coupling of a non-linear multiphysic problem: failure with Newton Raphson method
Quantify integration error of scipy ode / ODEPACK
Using HMM for speech synthesis
Constraint containing 'max' in linear program unnecessary?
Avoid arithmetic overflow in matrix multiplication
Does the matrix condition number affect accuracy of iterative linear solvers?
Travelling Salesman Problem - where's the "return to city"-constraint?
OpenMP threaded nonlinear solver for complex numbers
numerical analysis of a partial integro-differential equation
How to choose (and many) threshold in Eigenface?
interpolate the circle going through three points using splines
Languages Speed
How do hexahedral FEM meshes improve approximation quality per degree of freedom, compared to tetrahredal meshes?
Best preconditioner for mixed-poisson problem (RT0 elements)
Integration including bessel function
Efficient compressed row storage Gauss Seidel C/C++
What library can you use to detect personalities from comments?
Usability of upwind finite difference schemes
Isolated solving of coupled system of PDE
Preconditioning symmetric Schur complement
Planning to build a HPC
Spin-spin correlation functions in the Ising Model Monte Carlo
What is the preferred and efficient approach for interpolating multidimensional data?
Which software packages can solve linear systems that are not stored
Add User-defined/custom differential equations in OpenFoam (CFD)
Solving pure Neumann problem enforcing B.C. with Lagrange Multiplier
Scipy min warning meanings?
Can variational formulations be solved using series solutions?
Caveats of Hessian free method
Particle mesh Ewald: recommended splitting into short and long range
How to prevent overflow and underflow in the Euclidean distance and Mahalanobis distance
L2-Projection using quadratic basis functions
eigenvalues of a general complex matrix in C++
Iteratively finding both left and right eigenvectors for non-symmetric complex matrix
Reaction-Diffusion problem A->B, solving for B
1 D Diffusion equation FDM with different layers
What are some tips on developing a problem-specific ODE solver?
Rounding errors in images of Julia sets
Can the method of lines be used to discretize all PDEs?
FFT parallel processing in MPI
fast gradient method for convex piecewise linear function
state of art non smooth convex optimization
How to avoid negative values of numerical solution of transport equation using FEM scheme?
Is there any numerical application whose performance heavily depends on the division operation?
Propagating Schrodinger equation
2D Stokes equation Code
CFD: Doubt with time convergence in advection fully implicit upwind scheme
MATLAB: Backslash operator using symbolic variables with an overdetermined system
Computing accuracy of my finite difference scheme for uniform grid on a non-uniform grid
communication penalty when using wide stencils in parallel computations
Can Gauss-Seidel/SOR (preconditioned?) be applied to a non-diagonally dominant matrix?
Danger of complex arithmetics in scientific computing
Integrating radial Schrodinger equation with Lennard-Jones potential using Runge-Kutta with adaptive step size ends up with a step-size of zero
Determining Youngs Modulus of defined material in FEA (ABAQUS)
Software for triangulating a point set (with restrictions)
How to solve ODEs with constraints using BVP4C?
Accurate way for computing a ratio coming from Monte Carlo simulation
Already exist? parallel computing
Compute eigenvectors of a matrix with known eigenvalue spectrum
How can calculations cause an arithmetic overflow even if the final value fits?
beta in Nesterov's first method for piece wise linear convex optimization problem
How to project a vector into the H(div) space (in the context of finite elements)?
Looking for open source numerical solver
Incremental SVD implementation in MATLAB
Why is Matlab's SVD faster on skinny matrices than on fat matrices?
Level 3 BLAS accelerated solver for banded linear systems.
Correctly orthogonalizing and normalizing eigenvectors of a non-hermitian problem
Boundary equations for constant right hand side in Poisson equation (FD)
Using Centroid decomposition instead of SVD
Hypersonic flow in Fluent
alternatives to moving mesh technique
How to determine the order of accuracy of a quadrature rule
In the method of weighted residual, is it necessary for the basis function to satisfy the boundary conditions?
how to partition a graph(matrix) into subdomains with different sizes
applications of computational geometry in fields such as CFD?
Are direct solvers affect by the condition number of a matrix?
How to calculate grid coordinates of the centroid based on four attributes in a spider chart
Maximum translation distance between piecewise functions that satisfy a condition
Armadillo eig_sym() for extracting eigenvalues. Is it parallel at all?
How can I plot the Ramachandran regions in MatLab?
Integration over a complicated domain
Initializing implicit linear multistep methods
Finding most efficient route (distance/number of nodes) that uses nodes at least X amount away from another node
How to speed up fmincon in MATLAB when there are many variables? Alternatives to MATLAB optimization toolbox?
Layer on which ball belongs in tetrahedron
How do I stop negative numbers and error message: " Failure at t=3.562559e+03. Unable to meet integration tolerances
How to obtain streamslines from velocity field data points
Solving PDE with state and time dependent boundary conditions
Least Square fit with Double Zernike Polynomials
Python, numpy and complex functions (PDE's)
Adaptive plotting of two-variable functions $z=f(x,y)$ algorithm pseudocode?
Best path for estimation
Calculate Integral Using Gauss Jacobi Quadrature or otherwise
Choosing how many iterations to use in VEGAS
Standard Algorithms for Permuting CCS or CRS Sparse Matrices
Fast Forward Laplace transform
Conditions for always positive gradient of heat field in evolutionary thermo-elastic system
FEM - Shape function of a HEX20 - plot in MATLAB
How to change one bit of a 32 bit integer in C
Space-time finite element discretization for time-dependent PDEs
Eikonal Equation solver with different grid densities
Choosing hardware to use with PETSc
Simple integration in Matlab is off
Jacobian-Free Newton-Krylov vs explicitly forming jacobian in DG
How to solve a nonlinear diffusion equation?
Solving Laplace's equation on a domain with moving boundary
Explain this multivariate differential identity
Can F-cycle substitue FMG for update of existent solution?
Sparse iterative out-of-core parallel solver
Estimating the local compression/expansion ratio for a transformation on a point cloud
Compute the intersection of convex sets in Matlab
Help understanding the so-called "spectral method"
Calculate contour line length
What is the case of trade-off in different Runge Kutta methods
Solving a PDE using Matlab (with varying initial conditions)
precision loss in non-trigonometric, periodic functions using FFTW and NaNs after marching forward in time (Fortran)
Resources for large-scale MILP optimization
Solve large dense positive-definite linear system
Find the direction of the gradient on a finite element mesh
How to curve fit an unknown function?
Is there general algorithms to solve such 3D cutting problems?
Boundary conditions in conforming Galerkin method for biharmonic equation
Numerical integration of sharp peaked function (position of peak known)?
Inverse isoparametric mappings for quadrilateral finite elements
Incomplete Cholesky
Instability of pdepe in Matlab... boundary conditions?
Is it valid MPI-3 to nest non-blocking collectives?
Anybody using kriging for surface interpolation from huge point datasets?
Looking for references on this adaptive Runge–Kutta method (GSL’s rk2)
Solve Ax=B where B is a matrix in parallell
Solving nonlinear optimization problem with combinational constraints
Locally evaluate nonlinear dynamic system's stability using eigenvalues
2D wave equation with Mur boundary condition - setting up the RHS and solving (time-steps)
Efficient Implementation of the Log Sum Exp Log trick for Preventing Underflow erros
Need a good reference for numerical transport phenomena
Minimum effort merging of two sets
Shell vs frame element model stiffness differences
Finite element method for odd order DE
Numerical integration of a function whose expression is unknown
The meaning of conservative discretization in Galerkin FEM and Discontinuous Galerkin
Is "tangent stiffness matrix" the same as "stiffness matrix"?
interactive mode vs animation - python
Spectral Coefficients of Implicit Finite Difference Solution
Natural spline conditions for 2D cubic splines
optimization subject to disjunction of inequality constraints
Numerical solution of IVP for linear ODE with variable coefficient blows up
Why does `symrcm` create larger band width?
Neural network performs worse when using more input variables
2D Poisson Solver for Taylor Green Vortex Problem
Gauss Integration over Zero Order Element
Aliasing question for a spectrally derived Lagrangian
Mechanics - Rotational Inertia
Numerical computation of $\log \int_a ^b f(x) \mathrm{d}x$ from $\log f(x)$?
Stability criterion for waves in anisotropic solids
Dealing with errors in non-linear least square problem
RK4 giving wrong result
Is there a library which allows for converting 4D implicit surfaces to simplexes?
Direct Numerical Simulation of reacting flows
Tips on improving stability in numerical scheme for non-linear PDE
Super C++ optimization of matrix multiplication with Armadillo
Meshless Methods and the Kronecker Delta Property
Quick scheme for separable first-order ODE
MATLAB: code for restarted gmres
Find area of a polygon. In C and Obj C.
How to impose Neumann boundary conditions in interior penalty DG method
Resource recommendations for numerical methods involved in dynamical systems analysis
How does an unpivoted QR fail to reveal rank?
Reference Suggestions for MPI
On an HPC machine, does one compute node equate to one motherboard?
Should a colorbar have constant values throughout a simulation?
Implementing a Hill-Type Muscle Model
Can Box-Cox transformation be applied for data of this form?
Gradient Descent
Numerical integration of a multivariate function whose expression is unknown
Rotate 2D shape around origin in a 3D space
Integro-differential PDE and method of lines
Is there a convergence proof for ADMM applied to biconvex/bilinear problems?
Monte Carlo sampling of particle system for velocity dependent potential
Numerical Implementation of "integrates to some values" type constraint in convex solvers?
Optimization of nonlocal stencil-like operator on subset of regular grid
Use line segments to approximate a function
system of coupled nonlinear ODEs with complex coefficients
Parallelizing a for-loop in Python
Modeling simple laser induced population transfer via adiabatic passage in python
Is it possible to configure Linux OpenMPI v1.6.5 to use multiple working directories on a single node?
A Question About the Rhie-Chow Interpolation Used for Solving the Incompressible Navier-Stokes Equations on Unstructured Grids
Hessian-free and Truncated Newton methods
How can I compare errors in PDE solvers with non-uniform grids?
Simulation of Laplace Equation in 3-D with mixed BC of Dirichlet-Neumann
Elemental vs DPLASMA
Numerical quadrature when locations of singularities are approximate
divide an array using a changing length sequence of boolean var as index
Algorithm for optimizing Ax = b with unknown A and known x values
Comparing various implementations/software packages for large-scale finite element simulations
Is this problem statement good for a GPU?
Parallelization of element-wise matrix multiplication
radially averaged power spectrum of a binary image does not look like power law
Why are upwind schemes stable in convection flow calculation?
Determining if samples fit a 3D Gaussian distribution
What is the fastest algorithm for computing the inverse matrix and its determinant for positive definite symmetric matrices?
How can PDE matrices be identified?
`scipy`: what does `scipy.integrate.odeint`'s Repeated convergence failures (perhaps bad Jacobian or tolerances)." error mean?
Shape measure for C-shaped objects
General heuristics for making a choice "dopri5", and "lsoda"?
Find $\min \sum_{1\le i\le n} x_i\mathbf{z}^T\mathbf{A}\mathbf{y}_i +\mathbf{b}^T\mathbf{x} +\cdots$
Performance based on the Roofline model
Is my matrix symmetric?
Numerical integration when solving PDE: Simpsons rule and high frequency noise
Discrete Spherical Harmonic Transform from Cartesian grid
Can an approximated Jacobian with finite differences cause instability in the Newton method?
Integration in MATLAB: Complicated integrand
How do I correctly multiply vectors and matrices in Python and MATLAB?
Why is MPI/PETSc only showing 1 processor even though it works for helloworld?
How to write Goemans-Williamson MAX-CUT relaxation as SDP
Numerically stable approach for calculating x in Ax=b
Should a randomly-seeded genetic algorithm give deterministic optimized solutions on each run?
Satisfying Periodic Boundary Conditions while plotting spherical particles inside a cube
How to generate movie of the simulation done in LAMMPS?
Computational methods for finding the energy eigenvalues of the time-independent Schrodinger equation with arbitrary potential
Representation of polynomial order in CFD codes
Adaptive mesh refinement basic conceptual problem
How to sample points in hyperbolic space?
scipy.integrate.ode ignores boundary conditions
How to deal with nonlinear term in Navier Stokes equations (finite element code)
Is my Restricted (Natural) Cubic Spline equation wrong?
How to nest 2 simple CVX problems? Is it possible at all?
Heat equation with harmonic source and Neumann boundary
Equivalence of linear elasticity and biharmonic equations: variational formulation
How to formulate lumped mass matrix in FEM
How to use the basic Sparse matrix operations (multiplication, .etc) in PyCUDA
Using computational libraries on a machine without root access
How can I numerically solve an ODE to $N$ provably correct digits?
Approach to determining most likely integer factors of a noisy measurement?
Selecting a Finite Element discretization for subsurface flows
Solution to the optimization problem in "Blessing of Dimensionality High ... the face verification"
How can I make velocity verlet algorithm more stable?
Efficient calculation for L-Kurtosis?
How to keep velocities in check in molecular dynamics simulation?
GPU-enabled Lattice Boltzmann solvers?
oscillating flow inlet BC
Order of operations, numerical algorithms
Why a finite difference scheme would give second order of accuracy in norm L2 but 1.5 with L1 (while 1 with Linf)?
What are open source codes for interior point optimization to modify?
Correct way of computing norm $L_2$ for a finite difference scheme
Arpack and Matlab give different values for eigenvalues
openfoam - Programming customized PDEs
Solving large system of equations, is linear programming best option?
Rank deficient Jacobian in discretized periodic solutions to autonomous ODE
Large meshing with tetgen
Stability analysis of Heun's method
Converting smooth $L1$ norm approximation into SOCP
Generating pseudorandom sequences based on measured sequences
extract exhaustive mutually exclusive intervals from larger set of intervals
Finite Difference method
Conservation at grid interface in adaptive mesh refinement
How does the animation work in eigenvalue problem of FEM
Metropolis Monte Carlo integration of Area with unknown normalization
Precession of Mercury Python simulation
Assigning values to different regions in matlab
Computing the Madelung constant
How is Krylov-accelerated Multigrid (using MG as a preconditioner) motivated?
Finite Difference for Fourth-Order PDE
Should I rent computing resources, or buy my own computers
non-convex quadratic with only one quadratic constraint?
Finding the frequencies of vibration of a circular and square drum
Computer Build for Scientific Computing
CPU Specification Within Each Node of a Cluster
Solving a linear equation system with pure Neumann condition
How to solve this differential equation using RK4 in C++?
Eigenvalue problem of the symmetric real operator which corresponds to the symmetric positive definite matrix
Constrained linear least squares matrix equation
Relationship between FEM solutions of PDE with different spatial resolutions
Visualise data under Tecplot
Execute commands when starting ipdb
Python trust region optimization code that allows ellipsoid-shaped trust regions
Specific questions for 2-D Multigrid
website for algorithm analysis in various languages
What iterative method can effectively solve a linear system with this kind of spectrum
Is iteration an efficient algorithm in this case?
Convex quadratic problem solver gives different answers?
Optimization with matrix determinant as constraint
Derivative-free optimization of function with a flat region
scaling and preconditioning for trust region Newton methods
Where do I begin learning CFD?
Does this "reverse binary search" have a name?
How does weak convergence feel, numerically?
How can I prove that two eigenvectors are orthogonal?
Fluid-structure interaction solver for cardiovascular applications
Python solvers for mixed-integer nonlinear constrained optimization
Function approximation: why does using increasingly higher order approximating polynomials not lead to convergent approximation schemes in general?
MD simulation - Water Vapour
What is the computational cost of using complex numbers in contrast to real numbers in matrix operations, e.g. $LU$ or $LDL^T$ factorizations?
Is it possible to use Eigtool for generalized problem pseudospectra?
C++ - Starting paraller instances of an executable from a C++ code
Ideas on how to search nearby geospatial data fast
Improper Numerical integral
P2/P0 and P2/(P1+P0) finite elements for stokes and darcy equations
General algorithm to solve systems of symbolic equations
"Damping factor" for a set of non-linear ODEs
Inverse problem with changing number of variables
What is the fastest opensource implementation of Bessel functions computation?
How many sample points are needed when re-constructing linear combination of 2D polynomials defined over unit circle?
What is the general idea of Nitsche's method in numerical analysis?
Solving absolute value quadratic optimization problem
A doubt in Multigrid V-cycle
How to correctly normalize modulus and phase of an eigenvector?
Complete (an incomplete) explanation of the phenomenon of "aliasing", when using Fourier series to approximate functions?
How do I make sparse solvers to accept custom matvec function insted of matrix?
How do Fotran77 and Fortran90/95 differ in performance via present-day compilers with array manipulation?
How can I efficiently solve $Ax$=$b$ given $A$ is symmetric and contains very small (even negative) eigenvalues using EIGEN
Parallel slower than serial
Ways to solve numerically differential equations in C
Givens-Rotation from the Right Side (used in QZ-Algorithm)
Simple MCMC Algorithm in Matlab
What exactly causes mesh locking in thin plate bending problems?
Need a smart way to numerically take residues in a multidimensional integral
Convert Image of Map to 2D Grid in Python
FFT on non-orthogonal lattice ( for computing convolutions and solving PDEs )
Looking for a particular algorithm for numerical integration
Sparse matrix vector product using PETSC
Minimization constraints without using Lagrange Multiplier
Can other running processes harm the performance of my simulation?
Stability analysis for explicit time discretization in the Finite Element Method
Converting linear BIP constraints into convex hull
How to make this matrix efficiently?
How do I generate Maxwell-Boltzmann variates using a uniform distribution random number generator?
Trust-region Newton: implementation issue with Conjugate Gradient calculations
LP and SDP nomenclature
Paraview: Multiple csv files to time series
Challenges in implementing Algebraic Multigrid on millions of processors
Finding Common Side of Triangle
Solve non-linear set of three equations using scipy
How to calculate efficiently mesh edges midpoints?
Implicit time integrator for Chebyshev collocation method for linear hyperbolic system
Nonlinear 2D modeling of Neural Electromagnetic field in Matlab
Please explain the meaning of these Boundary conditions
1D inhomogeneous Poisson PDE with Dirichlet BCs, slow convergence
What's the difference between C0 penalty methods and Discontinuous Galerkin methods?
Solve $AX = B$ where $X^T X = C$
What are acceptable boundary conditions for porous media flow?
Water Properties IAPWS-IF97 implementation on C/C++
Simple Path to Route Algorithm
How to update velocity to include pressure when using P2/P1 elements
Power series regression linear fit in VBA excel
BLAS, LAPACK or ATLAS for Matrix Multiplication in C
Feedforward net lagged prediction
Wrapping grid of points around curvature of an infinitely long cylinder
Selecting most scattered points from a set of points
Is this the correct procedure for calculating matrix spectrum?
Sparse Linear Algebra vs Dense Linear Algebra
Vector and index notation equivalence
How to initiate spirals in this model?
Implementation of 1D Advection in Python using WENO and ENO schemes
Find the set of K elements between n that maximize the total distance
Curve Fitting problem MATLAB
Exact analytical matrix inversion of sparse 100x100 matrices in C++
Relaxation - spreadsheet solution to recursive algorithm
Measure the differences in vertices density in a graph?
Assigning new values based on original guesstimates and ranking / ordering?
Fast algorithms for computing only the generalized singular values (but not the vectors)
My calculated laser pulse duration is too large. Where am I wrong?
Solving Linear Systems in Julia
Enforcing non-negative constraint in fourier-spectral method
matplotlib contourplot for $\log z$ in the Complex Plane $\mathbb{C}$
Bounded Input Boundaed Output stability for heat equation. Proof or Counter example?
Solving a system of 4 coupled PDEs representing variable diffusivity
Resources exploring the problem of "volume exclusion"?
Matlab implementation of 2D Interior penalty discontinuous Galerkin poisson problem
Iterative Cunnigham correction in Millikans oil-drop experiment
Multi-dimensional array reshaping Matlab
Problem using MATLAB `fminunc`
CFD turbulence modelling mean pressures vs peak pressures
Minimization of non-linear function
Method of Manufactured Solutions for non-differentiable coefficients
What is wrong with this matrix multiplication?
How to solve a Poisson equation using the finite difference method when there is an object inside a domain?
Pressure projection method boundary conditions
ADR equation implicit solution: Penta-diagonal matrix for a 2D $N\times N$ system
Method of lines: explanation for high precision low resolution flux and vice versa
Monte Carlo Double Integration Implementation
Simple Runge-Kutta Scheme for nonlinear PDE
1D fit on a surface in matlab
Return derivative vector from odeint scipy function
Periodic boundary condition for the heat equation in ]0,1[
How to avoid overflow error in program that computes product of two numbers, such that when one is big enough to cause overflow, other is $0$?
structured to unstructured grid - calculating volume of cell
Proper handling of 1-2 1-3 1-4 bonded neighbors in long range electrostatic solver
Error propagation in recurrence relation
$AX=B$: How to solve for $X$ if elements of matrix A are matrices
How to get Fourier transform of Fisher-Kolmogorov?
SVD of large block-hankel matrix
Computing entries of a matrix in parallel using GPU
Computational complexity of chemical dynamics for biological studies
Evaluating a quadratic form with an inverse of a sparse PD matrix, comparison between using the inverse vs using a Cholseky decomposition
Distance between points
C++: How to find the roots of polynomial modulus N
Monotonic convergence of Newton's method for boundary value problems
How to change level of contours in animation for Tecplot360
ANSYS Fluent: Defining External Force on a Cell Zone
About faster approximation of log(x)
C++ Library: What is the common libraries that do polynomial arithmetic?
How can i get this number set to be recooperated from a product sum?
Graph optimization for parallel processing
Interpolation using compactly supported radial basis function
Shifting points in fortran
periodic boundary conditions for triclinic box
Implementing the pressure correction method using finite elements
What is the numerical difference between abs(z)^2 and z x z*, where z is a complex number
Why are Runge-Kutta and Euler's method so different?
Verification in Eigenvalue problems
Forcing an ODE solver to preserve the norm
Petrov-Galerkin enrichment method for Darcy equation
Recommendation for C/C++ library which offers Schur complement functions?
High computational time in using backslash for soving sparse matrix
Periodic boundaries - implementation strategies
FEM: Symmetry of stiffness matrix
Error in result of finite-difference approximation when refining
C60 orbital calculation
Is there an efficient $O(n^2)$ way to estimate in MATLAB a matrix condition number given its LDL decomposition?
Objective function scaling in an Inverse Problem
Disjunctive programming software
When we compute the complexity of a given algorithm related to image processing does the N refers to the number of Pixels in the image?
Pastix installation
Reference request: theory regarding time evolution of closed loop 2D elastic shapes?
Arranging variable ranges into a cell MATLAB
How to calculate divergence and vorticity from a velocity field using finite elements
Darcy flow finite elements
Direct multiple shooting (numerical optimal control)
Not getting correct numerical solution for Advection-Diffusion-Reaction eqn
1D k-epsilon turbulence model in a turbidity current
Monte Carlo simulation
solve linear system of equation of a large sparse symetric positive definite matrix
Interpolation of Data Value using Optimized Weighting of Its Features
Point inside curved finite element
H(curl) conforming Nédélec-Elements to satisfy div(B)=0
Debugging an implemented numerical method: which term gives the drop in accuracy?
Sparse generalized eigensolver using OpenCL
Raviart-Thomas elements on reference square
Solve implicit ODE numerically in orbit simulation
Looking for reference on Streamline Upwind Petrov Galerkin finite elements for incompressible unsteady Navier-Stokes
energy drift in molecular dynamics
Finite difference for nonlinear system of equation
Raviart-Thomas elements global definition and compact support
Is there a way to ensure that PBS array jobs will be run in order?
Scipy OdeInt solver with Neumann boundary conditions
Absorbing boundary conditions for acoustics in Discontinuous Galerkin
Differences in answers between Python and Fortran
Is there an efficient $O(n^2)$ way to get the eigen decomposition given a LDL factorization?
How to represent a binary number in a matrix in Matlab?
Fortran solver for the Sparse LSE problem
Modern C++ in scientific computing?
How can I solve wave equation for circular membrane in polar coordinates?
Finite difference scheme for solving nonlinear least-squares problem
Numerical Solution of the Advection Dispersion equation
How to calculate $det(X^TX)$ efficiently, update one column of X each time
Creating a 3D spatial density map from simulation results
minimization of normalized constrained quadratic function
Efficient method to multiply floating point matrix with binary matrix and get double precision results
fixed point iteration to find out second order non-linear diff equations
transverse component for multidimensional advection in method of lines
Are there any standardized file formats for point group character tables?
Calculating theoretical order of accuracy of least squares fit advection scheme
Relation between Time dependent problem and advection diffusion
Generating random numbers for long molecular dynamics simulations
Dissipative time-stepping scheme for first order in time system
Convex Optimization problem with sum of absolute value constraints
Finite Difference Beam Propagation Method problem
What is the purpose of the test function in Finite Element Analysis?
How to convert MPIAIJ to SEQAIJ matrix in petsc/petsc4py?
Classification of observations depending on its trajectory
9-point stencil finite difference Laplacian with variable diffusion coefficients
Numerically solving a system of partial integro-differential equations in Matlab
Are there any possible applications of real-time Finite Element Analysis?
Time advance in Adaptive Mesh Refinement method
Matlab interface for minpack2
Is it generally unstable to use in multidimensional simulations finite difference schemes with higher orders than 2?
Method for calculating the stopping distance using only integers
Reducing oscillations a 3D Alternating direction explicit scheme for the diffusion equation?
Robust computation of the mean of two numbers in floating-point?
Non-overlaping Domain decomposition - assemble of Laplacian
Boundary conditions for solving Poisson's Equation with Experimental Data
Alternatives to numpy.einsum
What is the source of the error in the Sherman-Morrison formula application?
scale invariance for line-search and trust region algorithms
C++ Library: What is the Most Efficient Library that Factorizes a Polynomial?
Fast computation on 2D rectangular cartesian grid using matlab
Kronecker products and basis contractions (ie. B.A.Transpose[B]) in C?
3D Divergence-free Stokes equations
Choosing preconditioner for unsymmetric pressure-velocity coupled system
Easiest Way to Begin GPU Computing
How to compute this double integral?
Symplectic Partitioned Runge Kutta method in Mathematica
Maximizing slow multi-parameter function
what is the upper bound of $\max \mathbf{w}^T\mathbf{x}_i$
Minimizing Cost Functions using Iterative Least Squares
stabilizing advection-diffusion with multi-grid?
"Tunneling" optimization algorithm in Matlab
Under what circumstances can two (nearly) identical sparse matrices give different solutions to Mx = b?
How to discretize Burger's equation?
Efficiently extracting a submatrix in Matlab
How to adjust scikit-learn FactorAnalysis() settings to get scores output similar to one from factanal() in R?
CFL for high order finite difference
Broadening spectral data by using FFT's
Software to simulate behavioral economic models?
Adding artificial fluctuations to trigger hydrodynamic instabilities.
Constructing sparsity pattern of the Jacobian of a FORTRAN subroutine
Polynomial approximation
Comparison of convex hulls
Reference Material
Solving an LP greedily
Fast library for parallel n-diagonal matrix inversion
Accuracy of finite differences
Comparing finite differences methods
How can I solve a nonlinear optimization problem where constraint contains exponential term?
Inverted value is not consistent with expectation
Use scipy to get any vertex of polytope
Computation of plane wave scattering on semi infinite plane
How to Run MPI-3.0 in shared memory mode like OpenMP
I need to scale variables to solve a 2D PDE. What are the physical considerations of scaling?
Algorithms for one-to-many assignment problem
Appropriate iterative linear solver for an eigenvalue problem
Optimization with matrix exponential constraint
Spatial evolution of kinetic energy in free surface flow in terms of values on boundary
Sparse Matrix Reordering
Computing Fourier representation of space dependent advection operator via FFT
Does the Lanczos starting vector have to be random?
Generating harmonic polynomials in cartesian coordinates
A better way to compute a double integral involving a infinite series?
Transfer Matrix Method in a rectangular potential well
Hessian eigenvalues in 4D-VAR data assimilation
Why is Godunov's scheme (for the advection equation) diffusive?
Minimal surface finite differences problem - Matlab assemble
Shrink wrapping algorithms to make a mesh watertight for 3d printing
Linear vs Non Linear inverse problems: Does non-linearity help?
preconditioned Uzawa method with Petsc
Decoupling integral $\int f(x+ y )-f(x) dy = \int f(x+y) dy - \int f(x) dy$ in a numerical integration scheme?
Flux at coarse-fine mesh grid interface?
How to efficiently implement Dirichlet boundary conditions in global sparse finite element stiffnes matrices
FENICS subdomains - restriction/ prolongation operators
Optimal partitioning of a graph
Building minimization optimization problem for 2nd-order elliptic PDE
What's the role of visualization?
Ill-conditioned Jacobian matrix from Nernst-Planck equation with Butler-Volmer reactions
Test of 3rd-order vs 4th-order symplectic integrator with strange result
Multigrid on "not perfectly rectangular" grid
Solving an ODE using shooting method
Manipulating/Extracting Data and Developing Methods - Language Choice
bifurcation diagram MATLAB runs out of memory
adjoint method package for ODE(PDE)-constrained optimization
CAS Problem with integrals
Comparison between of higher order interpolations
What is the best way to stop an asynchronous-heterogeneous MPI program?
On the fly/matrix free SVD of large sparse matrix
Implementation of no-slip boundary conditions in lattice Boltzmann method fluid simulation
Quadrature order for finite elements and time dependent discontinuous Galerkin
similarity/distance measurement between two ranked sequence
Estimation of time taken to reach steady state in an MD simulation of Poiseuille flow
Is there a single C++ IDE packed with necessary scientific libraries for computing purpose?
CFL condition for variable coefficients
non convex, non linear optimization involving matrix differential equation solution
Calculating the log-determinant of a large sparse matrix
Inaccurate Derivatives from Adjoint method for ODE-constrained problem
What should be the number of boundary conditions of a PDE
Load balancing/partitioning with unknown weights
BiCopter simulation in Matlab
Convex optimization for symmetric (but not positive definite) problems?
linear stability analysis using spectral radius
Profiling optimized C code using gprof
Semidefinite Programming Using CVX in Matlab
Can Variance be replaced by absolute value in this optimization problem
Which optimization toolbox is suitable for this type of problem
How to formulate variance minimization as a mixed integer quadratic program
Can Variational Inequalities handle non-symmetric matrices?
How to determine whether two cylinders intersect or not?
Jacobi method converging then diverging
What is the most complete open and linked dataset to use for taxonomy?
How to perform the sensitivity analyses of ODE with several parameters?
OpenFOAM precipitation/crystallisation reaction solver
Discontinuity at Interface
Software recommendation for plotting data from lab tests
Problems Implementing the Remez Algorithm
Oscillating convergence plot in my Resilient BackPropagation (RPROP) implementation
When should log1p and expm1 be used?
Oscillating convergence in my Resilient BackPropagation (RPROP) implementation
Incompressible Navier-Stokes equations: Is projection method exact?
Using Log Gamma function to avoid overflow
Why is potential energy of dimer in DFT scan at large distance not zero?
Numerical methods for solving a mixed type nonlinear PDE
Use of machine learning in computational fluid dynamics
FVM - virtual node discretisation
How close observed order of accuracy should be to theoretical order of accuracy?
Finding the root of an equation
Adaptive Finite Element Method - Laplace
Molecular dynamics: Lennard-Jones forces in 2D system
Fast projection onto semidefinite cone
Difference between fast and normal Givens Rotations?
Implicit ODE solver with discontinuous derivatives
Bracketing a discontinuity in a step function
How to define fluxes for two dimensional convection-diffusion equation?
How to implement conjugate gradient method to minimize this nonlinear action?
should boundary conditions be effecting moving mesh results?
upwind schemes for solving inviscid euler equations
Inverse Transformation of Isoparametric Quadrilaterals
Time integrator for a WENO scheme for advection equation
Convergence problem in iterative method
Improving my QZ-Algorithm (Include Shifts)
Dirichlet BCs - alternative implementation methods
Variational Monte Carlo to calculate local energy of hydrogen like ions in python
Numerical integration with singularities
Python package for large absolute value optimisation
Mathematical programming formulation of triangle intersection
Why have specialised upwind schemes been developed to solve hyperbolic equations?
Stairs plot with solid horizontal lines and dashed vertical lines in MATLAB
Rank constrained SDP
Using numerical integration to calculate Fourier series' coefficients
Area of convex n-dimensional polytope
Newton iteration applied to nonlinear PDE
Compare reconstruction of matrices using SVD
Is it usual to have no convergence checking in Multigrid?
How could we solve coupled PDE with finite difference method and Newton-Raphson method?
Big errors while calculating Complex Cholesky Factorization
what do positive real parts of eigenvalues mean?
Accuracy of numerical methods in finding eigenvalues
localizing rings in SAGE
Solve a pair of coupled nonlinear equations within certain limits
abaqus solver question
Unexpected results of MATLAB's ode45
Efficiency of an algorithm
Best solver/preconditioner for least-squares finite element method
Good desktop PC for molecular dynamics simulations
Estimating Regions of Flow in Grayscale Video
Algorithm for generating the next m-tuple of integers, subject to constraints
Solving coupled differential equations and Algebraic equation in MATLAB
Changing min function to max function for optimization
Is there a way to calculate the top 80% of marks without using if statements or inequalities?
Calculating tangential electric field intensity on the boundary
comparison of stability of two non-linear methods
Evaluate numerical error estimates
Unfolding folded trajectories for Diffusivity calculation - MD
MAC Projection in Projection method?
Diffusion with space dependent drift in Fipy
C++ library for numerical intergration (quadrature)
what do zero real parts of eigenvalues mean? Any good references?
Support Vector Machines to use after Classification?
Finite element mesh software
Using Gmsh to create a mesh with zero thickness (quad) interface elements
Advection equation using the finite element method
Solving $ (A^{-1} + D)^{-1} v $ with low rank Cholesky factors of $A$
1-D finite differences with piecewise linear solution
Efficently invert tiny matrix in Fortran
Solving nonlinear boundary value problem
performance of icc main.cpp == g++ -ffast-math main.cpp
Linear system solution with inequality constraints - methods?
How to classify chaotic systems from a stability perspective
Correct Weights Neural Network
stirred tank model; DAE versus ODE model
Max size of set linear equations to solve? (X=AX+B)
Use of structs in Axisymmetric Finite Volume method
Fortran code for Ewald summation
Do the class of PDEs that lack initial conditions have a name?
Generation of random Matrix with Real eigen values
Is there a relationship between the covariance matrix and the partial derivative?
GPU vs CPU calculation
solving a hyperbolic set of equations - upwind type method
solver linear system equation
Do BLAS routines compute their respective operations with minimum error?
QR decomposition
Comm argument on MPI_Reduce in FORTRAN giving unusual results
Large scale triangular least squares
Parameter reduction algorithm for least square model
what does -ffast-math do?
Symmetric nonnegative matrix factorization
Finite element library in fortran
How to derive an Implicit Runge-Kutta method from Pade approximation
Finite difference for Lighthill source term
IEEE-754 NaNs and missing data
Time dependent self-consistent equations
Is there a term for Goodhart's Law in the context of optimization?
What causes periodic humps in residual plots?
Maxwellian distribution of velocities with Shake algorithm present
Does the global stiffness matrix size depend on the number of joints or the number of elements?
ARPACK- Reverse Communication Interface
FEM: Possible to have boundary conditions "inside" the domain?
Integral in log-log space
Find constrained vectors maximizing angles between them - methods?
What is a good way to solve the following linear system? (repeatedly)
How are Spectral Methods applied to CFD? In particular, how is the pressure-velocity coupling implemented?
Increasing V-cycles for constant Coarsest Grid Size and increasing Fine Grid size
I have a problem in finding the exact area and estimating the error
Solving this nonlinear system of equations
How to interpolate a set of points with a continuous closed B-spline curve?
Trust region - Newton: how to choose constants that determine trust region bound
Does $\log(\det(A))$ equals sum of log of diagonal elements of D in LDLT decomposition?
Kummer's confluent hypergeometric for complex arguments in C/C++?
Having smoother contour plots in MATLAB
Solving a quadratic pseudo-boolean optimization problem where the integral constraints are relaxed
How to find closed form $C$ such that $CC^T = AA^T + BB^T$
How to implement boundary conditions in heat equation with no flux and fixed value at the same time? Is it Robyn BC?
What are the career options for computational scientists other than being in software Industry?
problem about simulating recurrence relation
Is there a constrained nonlinear optimization library like IPOPT that runs on GPUs?
What is the meaning of this error in MATLAB?
Effect of Periodic Boundary condition in Pair Distribution function
Finite difference scheme for 2D sound propagation
What are the numerical methods for testing for dissimiliarity between image based probability histograms?
What factors are relevant when deciding between GMRES and schur complement solves?
How can i define algebraic equation in differential function in MATLAB?
Linear interpolation in Fortran
Creating dense random configuration in for molecular dynamics
GSL linear algebra LU/determinant precision
Matching/Assignment Problem
FEniCS: both normal and shear stress boundary conditions for elasticity?
Why is Crank-Nicolson considered implicit in time?
Find triangle which contains point on the sphere
Piecewise Quadratic Lagrange
Kernel of a Sparse Matrix
How to implement adaptive mesh refinement using conformal triangles
Chebyshev and Legendre expansions
Finite strain FEM using an existing code that solves small strain elasticity
Iterative "solver" for $x^t \Sigma^{-1} x$
Diffusion coefficient when simulating in 2D
Obtaining column vectors of pseudo-inverse of a matrix
Numerical methods for the $u_t + \frac{(u_x)^2}{2} = 0$ equation
What strategies / decompositions would be useful to solve the following linear system repeatedly if I only care about time to solution?
Limitations of particle in cell method for high density plasma
Accelerated convergence for Sparse NMF
Maximizing a function over a polytope
Difference between Gauss-Newton method and quasi-Newton method for optimization
How would I figure out when a function would be at the "brink of underflow"?
How can I avoid roundoff error when calculating the difference $\textrm{erfc}(a) - \textrm{erfc}(b)$?
Best platform for complex SDPs with n and m around 5-15K?
Constructing 2 fold oversampled cosine basis in MATLAB
Fast algorithm for computing matrix square root using randomized linear algebra?
What are some ideas to preprocess / precondition the following linear system?
Julia: ordschur command
Convert the following model into an LP model (not asking for standard form), includes a max (a,b,c,d)
Smoothed particle hydrodynamics bounduary (ghost particles) properties
Mathematical test method for the numerical solution of PDEs?
How can I solve coupled equations by the method of line(MOL)?
How to model the mixing of two fluids in a container?
LU-SGS and boundary conditions
Numerical integration using RKF7(8) - different results
Traveling Salesman Problem
How to project a 0 genus mesh model on a sphere?
Storage complexity of SDP solver SCS
Solve FEM matrix from coupled system
Runge-Kutta Simulation For Projectile Motion With Drag
Suggestions for an out-of-core sparse solver
Cholesky factorization of a block matrix
FDM - Solving acoustical wave equation via first order PDE's
overflow upper incomplete gamma function
Boundary conditions in the Finite Element Method at only one side of computational domain
Solving the Jump function in discontinuous Galerkin method
best package choice for visualizing agent based model simulations in python
How do I add some floating point numbers, keeping numerical accuracy in mind?
Matrix free finite elements method for visualization in process tomography
Matrix free finite elements method
cost function: why use power of two ? abs(x - xhat) / x better?
Heat Equation Solution in One Dimension (x, t)
Euler's first order Error
Coupled Diff Equation from Bose Einstein distribution
Propagation of error using Euler's first order method
Does this partial eigen-expansion have a name?
Prescribe solution of a PDE at specific points
Application of vector extrapolation methods to convergence to a steady state solution
Estimating the wind speed above the mojave desert
Numerical solution of Geodesic differential equations with Python
Breaking symmetries in a (binary) integer program
A tweakable software for simulating VOF problem
Sum of Inverse of Variables in an Optimization Problem
Probabilistic model to approach problem that is usually dealt with linear programming
2d Euler manufactured solutions
Solving constrained BVP, singular Jacobian
Solving nonlinear differential equations with Newton's method
Does Conjugate Residual really have convergence properties similar to that of Conjugate Gradient?
How to train a model to classify object trajectories?
what is the best theory/model to use for prediction in multivariate data?
Borrow computational power from machines around me
Approximate function following interpolation (Matlab)
Algorithm to Compute Separatrix of Nonlinear ODE
How to speed convergence when optimizing a linear objective with nonlinear constraints?
ODE events to switch between 5 equations (friction model)
PDEs appropriate for adaptive time stepping algorithms
Eigenvalue-style optimization with quadratic constraints
Efficient Implementation of Taylor Series for Sine
Does artifical dissipation term makes scheme inconsistent?
Calculate proportions of exponentially weighted factors avoiding underflow problem
How can one describe the accuracy of a Runge-Kutta method?
Applications of algorithm for solving systems of equations with uncertainty
Get a matrix with absolute values in PETSc
Meshing options to generate number of the sides of and element (tetgen-triangle)
Computing solutions with singularities using MATLAB ODE45
Variational Monte Carlo: Variational energy is lower than ground state energy
Finite difference aproximation - Darcy law
Stagnation or Total conditions in a pipe with moving fluid?
how can I find the mesh size
Evaluate integral on Boundary - FEM
SQP for Quadratic Cost function optimization subject to linear & nonlinear Constraints
Definition of the DTLZ 5 - 7 Problems
Optimized parallel routine for $X' W X$ with $W$ diagonal
Simpsons Rule 10<-6 Error
Laplace's equation with periodic Dirichlet boundary conditions
How can I analyze the stability of a PDE discretization at a boundary?
Spectral Collocation (or Weighted Residual) Methods to solve Stiff ODEs?
Solving DAE with higher index
Solving the transient advection-diffusion equation analytically
How to physically understand time dependent boundary conditions?
Good introduction to numerical methods for magnetohydrodynamics (MHD)
How can I use ODE events in MATLAB?
BDF methods for implicit-explicit method
How to discretize this integral equation? (Langevin Eq)
LCM builtin in Python / Numpy
Quadtree type Grid
Solving an ODE while maintaining weak positivity and weak monotonicity
Lapack routines for solving A x = 0
How to implement 'stress-free' boundary conditions (stokes flow)?
Looking for a C/C++ implementation of the Hungarian method for real-valued cost matrix
How to derive the stability of time stepping schemes?
Need suggestions on how to implement this time stepping for wave equation
Comparing two versions of the same hydrodynamic code and their error
Solving new linear system that comes from an $p$ enrichment
Algorithm to determine if two polygons intersect
Matlab Vectorization of columns in a 2D matrix and single element multiplication
Help with Variational Formulation
significance of energy equation and its conservation
Finding matrix form of Ellipsoid given general form
Parallel efficiency
Hyperbolic Equation PDE (Python)
Wave Equation PDE
Finding rate of convergence by curve fitting in Matlab
How to calculate log or exp of a value in GF(2^n) using log/exp table of GF((2^k)^m) where n=k*m?
matrix storage, many rows or many columns?
Solve rank one update to LU using plain vanilla LU routine
How should I determine the number of quadrature points when using Gaussian quadrature integration?
Applying a weighting function which is sampled at different points
Allocation under constraint (optimization ?)
Software Implementing Jiles-Atherton
Points on the interface
Can I make this numerical integration continuously differentiable?
Fast computation of component-wise $\exp(-XY^T)G$ for random $G$
Simple java gravity simulation
How to compute the Jacobi matrix (tridiagonal matrix) of a polynomial with a recurrence relationship?
an ideal fluid in a reservoir
How can i get gauss-lobatto points on a quadrilateral?
linear objectives and constraint except for S^2+C^2=1
How to choose the number of random points in Monte Carlo simulations?
MATLAB : Does the qr algorithm and the DGEMM used in MATLAB take into account if the input matrix is tridigonal and optimize accordingly?
Solving Linear Equations using Eigen
Calculate the area and perimeter of a hand-drawn shape
Understanding Neumann BC
Does OOP work easily and efficiently in parallel computations?
Time discretization of wave equation
computing turbulent energy spectrum from isotropic turbulence flow field in a box
How to separate text from the paper on a black and white page?
BCs in a coupled problem
Integrating a function and then plotting it's graph in Matlab
understanding interior penalty jump of basis function
What is a "hanging node" in the finite element meshing?
Topics about the deal.II finite element library class "SparsityPattern"
Calculation of error
FFT-based Image Rotation Algorithms More Accurate Than Chirp-Z?
Inverse quadratic method only makes one iteration - python
Total Flop count for LAPACK DPOSV
Analytical Solution to the acoustic / scalar (Inhomogeneous) wave equation with source term
How do I develop numerical routines for the evaluation of my own special functions?
Reference Request: Variational Problem
Coriolis test problem
Solving a system of linear equations with only an approximate solution
Are there tasks in machine learning which require double precision floating points?
problem with understanding the fluid boundary conditions of a 1D probelm
Sampling vector so they will have a given euclidean distances matrix
Family of linear one-step method convergence question
Templated Numerical Linear Algebra in Parallel
Why not solve molecular dynamics trajectories exactly?
Eigen - store sparse matrix as binary
Are FEM or DGFEM methods based on integrals or PDEs?
Algorithm for solving system of quadratic equations and linear equations
How to construct a subring of a polynomial ring in Magma
Second order tensor field visualization software
In FEM, why is the stiffness matrix positive definite?
Numerically calculating the divergence of a set of oriented points
Do collocated grid arrangements definitely result in the checkerboard effect?
Resolving a stiff hyperbolic problem with Neumann boundary conditions
Modeling First Order Parabolic PDE (Battery Storage Model)
Conditional Independence (Bayesian Network)
CFL Condition and Convection Diffusion Equation in 2D
Heat Equation - PDE
Fast Multipole Method in 3D
Is it possible to show global conservative properties FEM as it is done in FVM?
Center of mass in systems with periodic boundary conditions
Boundary Conditions for the given PDE
Clustering state-space models according to similarity
what is the difference between non-conformal and conformal?
How do we find the condition?
Sum over very small exponentials: Underflow
Algebraic Multigrid: Why does the product of interpolation and restriction not result in something with norm 1?
Plot vector field in matlab
Multiple Coupled Differential Equation solution in Python
Which preconditioning for large linear elasticity problem?
How efficient (compared to "normal" methods) is using a sparse finite difference matrix to solve differential equations?
unstructured grid AMR
How to avoid the round-off errors in the larger calculations?
Advice on handling many "small" matrices in parallel
Using finite element error estimators for adaptive mesh refinement
Hankel transform with high accuracy
Numerical method for a BVP with mixed boundary conditions (MATLAB)
Is it worth switching to timesteppers provided by PETSc if I can't write down a Jacobian for my problem? Case study with "the amoeba" toy problem
Balancing number of points in a 2D grid
Finite-difference approximation of the 2nd derivative operator matrix for a staggered grid
Duality/Lagrangian condition and Variational Inequality of a cost functional
Solving an ODE beyond existence. What's happening?
What are the computational solutions for periodic visualization of simulation?
How to get mathematical model from a data set with MATLAB
Gaussian and external basis set. How to write the input correctly
Clustering pixel clots
How to plot a price level matrix in Matlab?
maltab ode solver- user defined criteria to stop calculations
Implementation of LP with separation oracle?
How to use compiled python packages for matrix initialization
Armadillo library appears slow
Solving coupled PDEs numerically on a semi-infinite domain with no-flux boundary conditions
How to calculate dispersion relation from a Finite Difference (FD) wave simulation
Order of accuracy of linearised vs non-linear system
Not sure if sparse quadrature routine is working correctly?
Inverse of "diagonally not dominant matrix"
How to read the number of periods of this complicated graph?
Which numerical methods preserve time reversal symmetry?
PDE - Conservative form, conservative methods and discrete conservation
Find cfl condition
Open Source MRI Image Stacks
DIIS method to accelerate SCF convergence for stretched geometries
Reformulation of optimization problem
Capturing the order of certain objects in an MILP
How to minimize ratio of L1 and square root of L2 norms
Is there an implementation of MPI_AllReduce which handles sparse data better?
Interior nodes of a closed graph?
Memory requirement to find eigenvalues and -vectors of large sparse matrix
Code to update dense QR and Cholesky factorizations
Hardware performance, floating point functions
Intel Knights Landing work loads vs NVIDIA GeForce
Is the "practical" complexity of linsolve direct solver O(n^2) ?
How to make a good mesh in a biologically accurate model with very small domains
Reconstructing a continuous function from finite element method. Is there a faster algorithm for doing so?
convergence of unconstrained convex optimization
Iterative Closest Point Algorithm
Fixed-step ODE solver with variable order?
Finding all binary vectors with given A-length
Poisson equation finite-difference with pure Neumann boundary conditions
Using global variables when doing scientific computing
Nitsche' method coercivity again
Library with polylogarithm function
Is model-view-controller useful pattern useful to build scientific simulation programs?
End conditions on cubic splines interpolation
Generate Random Number outside Bounds:
Integrate over a face of a bubble function
Calculating left eigenvector when I know the right eigenvector
Ways to start ab initio MD from classical MD
Is it common or to use objects for calculation of pair interactions in physics and chemistry simulations?
What do C, C++ and Java have that Fortran 2003 don't?
Order of accuracy of DGFEM or FEM
Calculating adjacency matrix of platonic solids
Are there any general fluid dynamics frameworks?
Maintain Uniform Distribution across Subranges
Approximating a step function with polynomials
Known issues with eigenvalue numerics?
Expected number of steps before a global optimum is found with Simulated Annealing
Solving a nonlinear problem with CDF
solving PDEs in MATLAB
Vectorization Algorithm using only rectangle
Detecting and joining series of line segments that run along each other
Are self-convergence tests reliable?
How can I solve stiff equations by method of line (MOL)?
Implementation of Neumann boundary condition with method of lines - 1D diffusion/reaction equation
Solving system of 7 nonlinear algebraic equations symbolically
Benchmarks for Gröbner bases and polynomial system solution
Strategies for controlling number of new elements in adaptive mesh refinement
how can i show flow is incompressible?
ground state from the Schroedinger equation with a central potential what happens to the origin
Choosing the penalty for Discontinuous Galerkin
Clever ways to update LU factorization for ridge regression
Numerical computation of Perron-Frobenius eigenvector
Is this the correct way to calculate the Madelung constant?
convergence of a method
Smallest eigenvalue without inverse
boundary conditions of linear advection problem
Why do planets move at the wrong speed in my solar system model?
Shooting method - Matlab ODE
Numerically solving geodesic differential equations with a priori knowledge of the Riemann curvature tensor
Strong vs. weak solutions of PDEs
How to compute line integral over circle
Meshing two parts together
Symbolic computation vs. numerical computation
library for arithmetic operations on unstructured xyz
The condition for stability using the leapfrog method
Difference between l2 norm and L2 norm
Poisson equation in frequency domain
a few questions on understanding geometric conservation law
Finding the matrix inverse given a solver for the matrix equation $Ax=b$
Looking for a matlab/maple code for plotting the truncation error
Python Vectorizing a Function Returning an Array
Newton's method goes to zero determinant Jacobian
Convergence of Monte Carlo integration
Name of an Optimization Approach to Reduce Size of Variable Space
Convection diffusion reaction equation (stiffness, solver)
For finding the track of an object through space(3d) over time, what is the correct slope equation to use in the algorithm?
1D uniform flow test case for compressible flow
What category is this problem?
Help with some starter metrics on phylogenetic trees?
Comparing the following mesh grids for a star-shaped plate
Which topics are hot in computational science?
Are the Finite Difference and Finite Volume Methods different after the application of the Gauss Divergence theorem on the FVM?
Can mainstream 3D software be a useful alternative in scientific visualisation?
Comments needed on the doubts of PDEs in moving boundary problems
Boundary elements method -- calculation of solid angle
Using Gauss quadrature for a discontinuous integrand
Solving a simple Schroedinger equation with Fast Fourier Transforms
Divide and Conquer division algorithm explained (as used in GMP bignum)
Skyline solver for AX=B where A is symmetric skyline matrix
Uniqueness of coefficients for shape functions of higher-order finite elements
How to compute the rank of a large sparse matrix in MATLAB
Fastest way to diagonalize square matrices with c++
Generating a non-uniform grid
Programming language for HPC
Extracting sinograms from tomography projections
Solve $AX=B$ where $A$ is a skyline matrix
How can I minimize the number of non-zero elements in the solution vector subject to linear constraints (MATLAB)?
Fourth order IMEX Runge-Kutta method
Second-order derivative condition for convexity
Plot integral function with scipy and matplotlib
Understanding and implementing the Fast Fourier Transform
Solve a very large linear system (question about a library linear algebra to do this)
scipy.linalg.sparse.eigsh does not work for generalised eigenvalues
Implementation of a direct solver in Fortran 90?
Do you think this p=np workaround worth to try?
Implementing Finite Difference Adaptive Mesh Refinement code
$(1+x^M)^{1/M}$ need to be able to calculate any order derivatives vs. $x$ and $M$ for $x\ge 0$ and $M\gt 2$
3D Diffusion Equation in Fourier space
How to efficently solve: min $\sum_{ij}(a_{ij}x_{ij}^2 + b_{ij}x_{ij})$ s.t
Learning parameters of noise and filter coefficients from data where data and noise both have Gaussian distributions
Disadvantages of adding an extra variable to an optimization problem
Fourier techniques and periodic boundary conditions
Simple question about find the element indicator
Does the limit of $\frac{\partial f}{\partial u}$ at $u=0$ exist?
Using kalman filter when samples don't have time index
Simplex method - cycling and condition ">=" or ">" in choice of pivot row
Storing large datasets on virtual filesystems
Refinement in AMR
discrete definitions of curl $\nabla \times F$?
A simple PDE solution question
Gradients on 2D FEM Triangular Mesh
Solving second order SDE with Gaussian white noise for first time derivative in Matlab
Round-robin pairings: Everybody need to meet everybody
I need to deconvolve the image of a fluorescent bead without the Point Spread Function in MATLAB
Calculate fluid speed in a conduit with obstacles
Solving stiff equations in Mathematica
Difference of convex functions optimization problem in R
optimal SAT solver with weighted variables
Extending the Frobenius inner product to all matrix inner products
N-body simulation optimisation, looking for name or existing work
Fitting orthogonal planes to a point set
what is the best way to code a formula to reduce roundoff error
How to obtain the reduced model from a subspace projection method?
Finite element results by different meshes
3D plot from Fourier coefficients in Matlab
Error norm in maple
How to deal with PDE over the real line
Computing eigenvectors from the QR algorithm
Does this Algorithm (probably Fourier like) Exist for 2D Shapes?
Help understanding and implementing fast multipole method for N-body
Choice of basis in FEM
Data analysis of a magnetic hysteresis loop
Monte Carlo Metropolis method - trial step algorithm
Solving coupled PDE in COMSOL
Proof of CFL condition for RKDG scheme
How to find active region in treepartition Matlab object
Integration of differential equation with orthogonality constraint
pointwise vs. continuous observations in PDE inverse problem
Efficient Quadrature Methods for Indicator Functions?
Non-uniform finite difference Adaptive Mesh Refinement
How to deal with transition elements in adaptive fem
PDE discretization (via finite difference sheme) question
Velocity-Stress formulation of Elastodynamics/Wave Equation for beginner
Approximation properties of FEM projections operators on a boundary
ADMM for Linear Program over graph
Continuous vs discontinuous pressure elements in fluid flow problems
Choosing suitable polynomial degree based on information in advection stencil
Markov (Chain) image generators?
Runge Kutta for wave equation
Condition number of $X^{T}AX$
Pseudoinverse of perturbed matrix
Solving system of equations with zeros on diagonal
Fitting a rectangle to a point set
efficient MPI collective non-blocking communication
Projection on Stiefel manifold after integration step
Solving compressible inviscid Euler equations with shockwaves in polar coordinates
Angle of rotation at a point in a deformed triangle
Indexing Nested Loops in C
Symplectic integration of PDE
Understanding the conditions for which ADMM can be applied
How can I generate 3D unstructured mesh on MATLAB
Does there exist a Fourier transform algorithm for perturbed data?
Time step size for transient simulations of vortex shedding
HPC : should I compile on the head node or on a compute node?
Clustering by shared subsequence
Can compressible flow solvers be used to solve incompressible flow?
How to compare runtimes of two algorithms in a reproducible way
Optimizing multiple output parameters for a given input
FEM: Obtaining the Weak Form
Is the Finite Volume Method conservative when the source term depends on the variable?
Normalize data so that the sum of squares = 1
Force a line through the origin
Numerical simulation of a reaction-diffusion system on MATLAB with finite difference discretization of spatial derivative
Benchmark an stochastic constrain solver
Complexity of matrix inversion in numpy
Convergence of the second derivative of the finite element solution
Open source tool comparable to MATLAB Neural Network Tool Box?
My discretization of a wave equation in first-order form does not give correct solutions. What should I do?
(numpy/scipy) Build a random vector given mean vector and covariance matrix
Comparison of US HPC Resources
Mathematical Complexity of Sparse Solvers
FEM libraries with weak forms
Find a consistent cyclic orientation on a conic section
Fast comparison of line segments lengths
Does some form of documentation of GMSH exist?
CFD visualization workflow: Visit vs Paraview vs Tecplot and others
Resources for solving mixed left and right matrix equations
Solve for $D$ in $R^{T}DSDR = Id$
Finite element method applied to variational problem/functional VS weak formulation
Numerical integration of a single integral
$LU$ factorization
Problem in using N-BFGS-B in optim
Convergence of KKT equations for discrete parameter estimation problems
How to assemble global matrix (for a coupled) problem?
Reflecting boundary condition posed as a Riemann problem
How to obtain values in physical space for a given spectrum?
Simulate electric fields due to surface charges in simple circuits using python
How does one write MPI-implementation-independent code?
Stability in discretization of a PDE
strassen algorithm vs. standard multiplication for matrices
Heat equation from implicit scheme with Neumann B.C
Jump conditions on interior boundaries
String search algorithm on small alphabet
How to read a Harwell-Boeing Matrix file format into a compressed sparse row format in a C program?
Communication overhead in supercomputing
$LU$ factorization routine to solve system $Lv = f$ and $Uv = f$
Periodic boundary conditions for solving Navier Stokes Equations on a Staggered Grid
Conjugate gradient: the 1-norm of the residual
Implementing std::nextafter: Should denormals-are-zero mode affect it? If so, how?
Evaluation of feynman diagrams: FORM vs. Sympy vs. other
I am searching for a C++ code implementing the complex polygamma function
Express the $\gamma_{2}^{\epsilon}$ SemiDefinite program in a form that is acceptable by SDPT3
Why does conjugate gradient work with this nonsymmetric preconditioner?
What are differences between 'a priori' and 'posteriori' error estimate in numerical analysis?
Optimal distribution of zeros and ones over matrix
what is the meaning of mesh smoothing steps in Gmsh?
Finite difference recursion and higher order
Choosing the correct Ewald sum parameters
Calculate the intersection of two matrix kernels in MATLAB
Stability in Discretization of 1D Stationary Boltzmann equation
Admissible box constraint for a quadratically constrained linear program
Addition and subtraction of two floats in Python
The numerical solution of a (very ugly) set of integro-diferential equations
How to introduce a distance vector when decompose a force?
How can I find a line segment with the most intersections along with the coordinates of the intersection points?
Question on speed and accuracy comparisons of different 2D curve fitting methods
How to solve a constrained optimization problem using minFunc or minConf
Generating Random Numbers in Fortran for Metropolis method
Finite difference scheme for Webster equation
How to understand what's going wrong in a code for solving a problem with augmented lagrangian?
Inversion of a matrix using c++ library armadillo or eigen
Are there any benefits of computable analysis to numerical algorithms
How to create node to node lumping
Calculus of Variations with unknown cost function but some data
Usefulness of elements with mesh-dependent stability
How to compute $\mathrm{proj}_{SDP}(C\odot X)./C$ without numerical problems?
Boltzmann equation and equilibrium distribution function
Problem with Richardson extrapolation method for weak convergence in SDE
Lid-driven Cavity benchmark in 3D. Classical paper to compare
Use of Metropolis-Hasting algorithm for gathering statistics
Efficient methods to solve large dense singular least square problem (linear system)
Introduction to Lattice Boltzmann methods
Algorithm suggestion for PDE - example: heat equation
Is there any rapid way to calculate the determinant of NXN covariance matrix?
What does the Von Neumann's stability analysis tell us about non-linear finite difference equations?
Calculate inverse of dense matrix with entries of very different magnitude
What should I put on the paper to show the correctness and convergence of my solution?
Best Open Source BLAS / LAPACK package
Fast computation of square root inverse of matrix, matrix being determined from Ax=b form
Efficient way to generate a list of possible matrices (all integer components) with a determinant $V$
The fast, and The Backward-Stable (left) $3\times 3$ matrix inverse
Solving linear systems with ill-conditioned matrices
Symmetric hash function
What method do you suggest to solve this minimax, quadratic in both variables problem?
Simple Simulation Examples in Computational Fluid Dynamics
Stability analysis for coupled nonlinear system of partial differential equations
Numerical Euler Rotation Equation
How can i convert a boundary flux condition into an internal source term?
How does MPI differentiate between two computers?
Striking examples of success of local search algorithms
How useful is a Xeon Phi for a general workstation
Representing a 3D system in 2D (Electromagnetic modelling)
Python Pandas / Numpy indexing faster than np.where between 2 arrays
role of initial guess for iterative linear solver
What is the currently recommended way to install the SciPy ecosystem on OS X?
How do I program periodic boundary conditions?
Stability of two PDEs
Boundary conditions generalized eigenvalue problem
Methods for fast approximation of convolution
What is the state of the art algorithm for diagonalizing real symmetric matrices?
Power Iteration over Rayleigh Quotient Iteration?
When is it advantageous to iterate integrals numerically?
Matrix transpose multiplication
Help with Fourier beam propagation method
Methods for solving $x'=Ax+b$ for small, sparse, singular $A$
Calculating lagrange polynomial for 100 points?
How to implement Newton method in solving 1D PDE system? (ie. Poisson eq, continuity eq, drift-diffusion eq.)
How to solve my PDE's in Matlab?
Is a divide by zero error an indication of a bad conceptual model?
In which cases an interface tracking/capturing method needed along with Navier-Stokes solver for flow?
Suitable method for simulation of in-fiber interferometer
Solving $\sum_r \frac {\mathrm B_{z_r}(a+m_r+1,b)}{\mathrm B_{z_r}(a+m_r,b)}=K$ for $a$ and $b$
Mesh Generation in 1-D
Algorithm to decompose a sparse unitary matrix into a Kronecker product of smaller unitary matricies
What is the worst case complexity of Conjugate Gradient?
Can this equation be solved with the conjugate gradient method?
Interpolation with the roots of orthogonal polynomials & Spectral expansion
PETSc - how computing a random number between 0 and 1?
Different Meshes Different Maximum velocities
Is more robust to digit cancellation the sum operator or the mean operator?
Calculating integrals for a function approximated by Chebyshev polynomials
How to use time delays in the solvepde function in MATLAB for a system of PDEs?
Numerical computation of two-sided (bilateral) Laplace transform
Fit curve with rectangles
Matlab integral with vectorized bounds, without using a loop
limiting function as cost function: logistic function between -a and +a
Code for shallow water equation
Does it have an effect to interpolate data before using Runge-Kutta?
Is there a difference between the Galerkin MWR and other techniques called Finite Element Method
How to make scatter plots of scalar fields with free software?
What determines the usual chemistry textbook plots of atom orbitals?
Alternative to two "for" loops in finding best neighborhoods for TSP?
PETCs - How should one initialize PetscRandom?
Gradient convergence on a checkerboard domain in finite element
imaginary time propagation to find ground state wavefunction
Is OPENFOAM a good idea for direction/operator splitting in parabolic equation
Nonlinear conjugate gradient restart threshold 1/10
Similarity of two CSV files (or more?)
Methods for solving rectangular, full-rank systems of equations -- which is best?
combination of field and particle methods for fluid dynamics
Condition Number of Rectangular Matrices
PETSc - difference between PetscNew and PetscMalloc
Difference between true & pseudo random numbers
Linear Systems with Multiple Right Hand sides
Creating a matrix that saves storage
Preconditioned Steepest Descent
Conjugate Gradient, initial direction set to initial residual
How to Solve an Integral Equation for an Unknown Integrand numericlaly?
How to implement Lagrangian/Polynomial Interpolation for my C++ Code?
Very simple (real) experiment for computational methods class
CFD implementation in software
Exact line Search in Steepest descent
Check the well-posedness of the problem with level set equation
Best way to add a positivity constraint to Newton's Method
Discretization method for advection equation without numerical diffusion
Eigenvectors of slightly perturbed matrix
Ordering of eigenvectors to maximise trace of diagonalising matrix
Common nodes in two FEM grids
MATLABs double arithmetic
Choice of Newton-Cotes formulae for regularly gridded multi-dimensional data
Picking n integers from n different sets summing to a given value
Intro to DG Finite Element methods
How to construct shape functions in the $L^2(\Omega)$
Quality of eigenvalue approximation in Lanczos method
Scaling a vector-valued non-linear function for numerical optimization/minimization
Implementation of Backward-Euler scheme, Newton-Raphson iteration scheme to time dependent nonlinear differential equation
What is the fastest method for solving a quadratic programm repeatedly,( warmstarted)?
Outflow boundary condition
How to find $L^2$ error for discontinuous Galerkin method
Parallel Mersenne Twister for Monte Carlo
Solving a nonlinear poisson equation via variational minimization
solving tridiagonal system with multiple right hand sides
Stability Criterion for this Explicit Scheme
Modeling Coupling: vibrational,rotational, etc
Adaptive numerical integration of a univariate vector integrand
Is it necessary to do characteristic decomposition to solve 2D Euler Equation?
Solving a set of linear equations with block structure and weak coupling
SPECT reconstrction using MLEM
Handling figures built for different parameters in Matlab
Is resampling more accurate than block average for statistical analysis of data?
Numerically computing the advection equation
Efficient and stable computation of inverse CDF
t digits are used to represent the mantissa in floating-point system, but rounding unit is calculated for doubles with 53 bits
What are the most popular wavelet or tight frame regularizers for image reconstruction problems?
Why is this method for simulating a system of springs and masses unstable?
Branch avoidance for performance with modern compilers?
Scientific Programming Contests
Construct tridiagonal matrix from eigenvalues
How do I avoid divide-by-zero when solving the Poisson equation with Fourier transforms?
Why the greatest exponent that can be represented in single-precision floating-pointer numbers is 127 (and not 128)?
How to decide how to parallelize nested loops on GPU
Positive definite matrix in CVX
What is the best option in terms of library or software to solve this system of hyperbolic PDEs?
Single Precision a x plus y (SAXPY) terminology
Galerkin FEM error when using even number of elements
Sparse Matrix Matrix multiplication terminology (SpGEMM or SpMM?)
Quantum Chemical Calculations is there a book for which method to use with what problem?
weak form of an equation by continuous discontinuous galerkin method
What is "good" parallel scaling?
Convolutional Neural Nets for Large Scale Image Classification on Windows?
Pure math questions arising in computer vision, and the need for mathematicians to solve them
Discretization of lifting operator in BR2 scheme
Visualization of quadtree & octree grids
What are alternatives to openbabel to convert CML file to image?
Armadillo Multi-threaded Linear Solve Yielding Different Answers
Decaying turbulence and simulation
Apply second order finite difference discretization for mixed boundary condition
Accurate computation of the current time in time integrator
In mixed elliptic formulation, what are the weakest requirements to ensure the flux is in $H^1$?
Mobile robot path following using model predictive control (MPC)
Stabilizing a 3x3 real symmetric matrix eigenvalue calculation
Is this finite difference approach correct?
Why do Newton-Krylov iterations stagnate in this problem?
Efficiently rotate vector in 2D (and 3D)
IVP Using Numerical Methods
FFT (Numerical Recipes in FORTRAN 77)
Applying Newton-Raphson method to system of two differential equations, one time independent, one time dependent
Need help writing the code for the following optimization
Unwanted Oscillation in FDM simulation of elastic wave equation
What is the preferred method for evolving the Nonlinear Schrödinger Equation?
Which C++ Multi-objective Optimization libraries allows the addition of custom problems and custom algorithms?
Does scaling factor affect discretization?
How to choose a good distribution for visualizing phase changes in the nature of the roots of a quadratic equation
How to solve bring my implicit equation to closed form?
Determine numerical infinity for Schrodinger equation $−\psi''(x) + x^ 2 \psi(x) = E\psi(x)$
The second variation of displacement interpolation function in Finite Element Method
Quasi Newton method for block diagonal Hessian
Concave Cells and Finite Volume Method
Discretize Poisson equation with derivative of delta function as source
Simple bound constrained optimization problem
What PRNG function is this?
Derivation in the FEM method
Nodal basis functions and lagrange polynomials
Pseudo random numbers
Use double index in matrix multiplication
Maximize Result For 4 variable
How to define residual in multigrid approach?
"Cookbook" about iterative linear solvers and preconditioners
Integrating a dynamical system until an algebraic condition is satisfied
Solving a linear system whose matrix has imbalanced diagonal entries
Convergence Criteria for Two Fluid Flow Solver
Subgradients of non-convex functions
Why is $\exp(\ln(x))-x\neq0$ in floating point arithmetic?
Probability of reconstructing a word using c substrings from a random sample
Second order interpolation scheme
Most efficient way to compute eigenvectors / values of this matrix?
computational complexity for computing perimeter of a polygon
Matrix representation of the radial Laplace operator isn't symmetric as supposed
Complex Numerical Integration using GSL
ODEs vs DAE vs ADE?
Function similar to erf that is fast at scale and allows for changing the slope at 0?
Divide and conquer for optimizing weakly unimodal continuous function?
Stokes Equation in "two-fold saddle point" form?
Numerical computation of the complex elliptic integral $E(k)$ for medium $|k|$
The alternative to using PETSc's SNES solvers in parallel without using the DMDA methods
How to discretize Laplacian near refinement boundary
Solving $A=B+AB$ without matrix inverse
Grouping Boolean vectors by similarity up to a rotation
Difference between Data structure objects and cell array objects in matlab
I'm using linear programming for production planning. Does the order in which I make products affect the cost?
Expected runtime complexity of repeated closest Point Pair search
How to solve the problem without using symbolic computation
Minimization of the sum of convex function and non-linear non convex function
Pseudo Code for non linear power function fit needed
On Boyd et al.'s convergence analysis of ADMM: Why do we need the convexity assumption?
Fixing a near singular covariance matrix
Finding errors in frequency from a Fast Fourier Transform from Gaussian fitting
Methods of solving non-linear advection-diffusion systems beyond Newton-Raphson?
Robust smoothers for geometric multigrid
Repeated 1d minimization with similar parameters (scipy)
MPI+OpenMP Scalability
Solving Schrodinger's Equation Numerically in a Bunimovich Stadium
Fitting with a linear combination of exponentials
C++ libraries for Fast Fourier Transform in high precision
Beowulf Cluster For MD simulations
High order unconditionally stable discretization for a scalar hyperbolic PDE
Very long running time for Haase and Muller (2014) coded in Python + Gurobi
Evolving nonlinear Schrodinger equation with higher-order algorithms?
What is a common file/data format for a mesh (for FEM)?
Notations for algorithmic complexity in elementary operations
Initial conditions of nbody problem
Projecting a vector field onto a H(div) space
Meshing: Handle an internal boundary
Phase dislocations and numerical accuracy
What is the Best and easiest way to create a Classifer for Sentiment Analysis
FreeFem user-defined function
Is casadi suitable for data fitting?
Generalized Eigenvalue Problem from linear stability analysis
Using entropy functions for increasing numerical stability
Why am I not seeing faster neural network training after upgrading to a vastly better GPU?
Weak Formulation of Helmholtz equation with a complex coefficient and complex source term
Equation of motion by RK4 method
Polynomial order of an approximation of a section of sine and numerical accuracy
Finding optimal point distance to get desired number of random points in an area
Are there special methods for solving $f'(z)=0$ for analytic $f$?
Optimization on the manifold of stochastic matrices
COMSOL: get list of eigenfrequencies
Why should non-convexity be a problem in optimization?
Definitiones of solid, fluid, and boundary nodes in the context of LBM
Coupled system of differential equations with eigenvalue
Where does the floating point error come from? (Finite difference using matrix multiplication versus shifts and adding.)
Constructing random divergence-free velocity fields
Compute sparsity pattern of $A^2$
Solve for $C$ such that $C^{T}AC$ is banded of given width
What kind of optimisation algorithm is suitable for a computationally expensive function?
Solving linear system $Ax=b$ with Hessenberg matrix using lapack
Tucker factorisation to compare multiple PCA decompositions?
Solving a large system of nonlinear equations, where timeseries are the unknown
Generalized Hermite Function as eigenfunction of a differential operator
Recovering pressure from velocity or streamfunction fields
Solving coupled differential equations with multiple independent variables
Can TETGEN generate triangulation of a 2D point set?
Clustering similar words and mapping to numbers in Python
Role of the numerical flux in DG-FEM
Three body problem in C++
Fitting rectangle to segments in image
Stability of matrix equations in MATLAB
Amplitude at a given frequency in a wide band signal
How come the use of delay differential equations in model parameter estimation better than ordinary differential equations?
How do you generate data for VTK?
A numerical GMRES example
Second and Higher Order Order Corrector in Spectral Deferred Correction
How to make the following data separable for the classification into three classes?
FEM, Direct Stiffness Method with a nonlinear displacement constraint in one node
How do I solve Laplace's equation in 2D using spectral methods?
Numerical method for solving a system with positive definite blocks
What are some important pros and contras considering using Trilinos?
Issues with self-consistent Poisson-Schrodinger solver
How to make objective elastic SPH model?
How to set the temperature at the vertices points for a rectangular domain?
Once and for all: Which FEM plattform should I use for a very large multiphysics simulation?
Integer programming with Matlab
conservative v non-conservative
How to plot selection over time for only components, but not magnitute. of a vector in paraview?
Collocated Grid Navier Stokes Solver
Solve rate equations with different reaction orders using SciPy ode
The linear system in Quasi Newton method
Is there an eigenvalue estimation method more accurate than Gershgorin's, which uses no multiplication?
NONLINEAR ENERGY MINIMIZATION EXAMPLE
2D Laplace problem with mixed boundary conditions using Conjugate Gradients
GSA Search Algorithm in C++
`lsoda` from `odepack`: does relative tolerance override absolute tolerance, or the other way around?
Manufacturing a solution for non-smooth coefficients in elliptic problems
Optimal ordering in Jacobi SVD algorithm
How to write a function that its plot is like a "M" in MATLAB
New to CFD, Lattice Boltzmann or Navier-Stokes?
Is this system of diffusion equations well-posed?
Achieving high relative accuracy (vs. absolute accuracy) using spectral methods
Mixing some particles together - "Game physics for engineers"?
Solving system of constrained linear and non-linear equations in MATLAB
Difference between Brent's and Alefeld-Potra-Shi for root finding
Parallel linear algebra without OpenMP
Preconditioning of two step iteration for dense matrices
Schur complement of a matrix $A$
$LU$ Factorization of a nonsingular matrix with a particular pattern
Solving a 3D (almost radial) convolution with FFT
State of the art in parallel data structures
Finite differences for incompressible viscous fluid equations
Determine a sufficient condition for a Hessenberg matrix to be nonsingular
Nice plot of f(x)
Numerical solution of non-linear advection equation other than inviscid burgers
Stiffness emerges as number of ODEs increases
Discretized matrix from the integral kernel function
Implementing temperature depending viscosity in a finite-difference scheme
Looking for an accurate algorithm to find the area of a oscillatory function
Optimally conditioned 3-tensor factorization
Conjugate symmetry in MATLAB?
Does a mixed method solve this elliptic pde exactly if the source function is piecewise polynomial?
Approximate Neumann BVP operator by a matrix
HPC reading material
How to "smoothen" (not just refine) a 2D/3D polygonal mesh
Implementing pressure inlet boundary condition
Efficient algorithm for a matrix product
Integer vs float multiplication performance, modern CPUs
Corner Transport Upwind for Linear Advection in Arbitrary Velocity Field
PDE solver for drift-diffusion with generation
Conservative Short Sales Portfolio Optimization with MatLab code help
3D Stationary Wavelet Transform implementations
Convolution of two real functions using discrete Fourier transform (FFT): zero-padding and normalization
Applicable solvers for nonlinear coupled PDEs
PetSc vs Sundials for serial numerical computations?
Efficient solution of large systems of non linear algebraic equations
Numerical solution of burgers equation with finite volume method and crank-nicolson
Computational time not proportional to integration interval in ODE-solver?
BC's for intermediate velocities in Implicit Fractional Step Methods
Quasi Newton taking very small steps
Approximating improper integral with FFT
General Lagrange basis formula (usual problem in finite element context)
Efficiently creating an adjacency matrix from a lattice in numpy
Linear stationary iteration method
How does Multi Body Dynamics software work for flexible joints?
Solve an ODE with positivity-preserving property unconditionally
Comparison of velocity Verlet and leapfrog algorithms
Running a script that asks for user input from a pbs file
Show the symmetric Gauss-Seidel converges for any $x_0$
Existing solver for large scale load dependent Ritz vectors problem
Pressure boundary condition in Navier-Stokes equations
How should I set the velocity conditions when you have a pressure inlet and pressure outlet?
Stiff ODEs coupled with PDEs (computational efficiency)
Fortran round-off error with floating point operations
Choose of basis set
Curve fitting for oscillating data
Hyperscale Vs Strong-scale HPC
Finite element error for second order ODE at nodes equal to zero
How are the outcomes that generated from different predictive models combined to get more accurate predictions?
How is the mass matrix formed in finite element methods?
numerical approach for system of non-linear partial-ordinary differential equations
Finding quick solution to a collection of systems of fairly simple but nonlinear equations
Implementing velocity verlet for harmonic oscillator in C gives error wrt conservation of energy
Defining Cauchy principal value in MATLAB (or Scilab/Maple)?
What does Python offer for distributed/parallel/GPU computing?
Solving Time dependent Schrodinger equation using MATLAB ode45
Sparse matrix format and sparse-matrix sparse-matrix multiplication
Motivation behind Collocation Method
Space-time Galerkin of Burgers changes the convection speed
Inner Products vs Discretizations of Functions
Can singularity screw up your model?
Effects of Lumping Mass Matrix
How to calculate multi-class prediction probabilities using One vs All and One vs One classifiers
Weak form for elastoplastic wave propagation
Implicit projection method with inflow boundary conditions
hyperbolic equation and characteristics
Exact finite difference method for advection equation
Reaction-diffusion equations
A fast I/O file format readable by Fortran, Java, PHP?
How to add a Ricker Wavelet (Mexican Hat) to a 2D/ 3D fem mesh?
Finding boundary intersection points with Cartesian grid?
Algorithm to generate all vectors of integers with magnitude between $n\pm \delta$
MPI support for discrete Fourier transform (DFT) in Python
Discretizing time term for PDEs
heat equation on bounded and unbounded domain
From deterministic to stochastic LP formulations
Convergence conditions of a stationary iteration method for linear systems
imposing "measured data" to Dirichlet boundary conditions in fenics
Size of the support
Roots of a function for eigensystem
Dynamic Successive Over/under Relaxation (SOR) with several variables
Computing size of N-Dimensional Polynomial Basis and Efficient Representation of Basis
Weighted Frobenius norm in BFGS
Error in MD simulation with Lennard-Jones potential in C, resulting in a lack of conservation of energy
Zero Eigenvalues in Lanczos Algorithm
temperature set point maintenance with Langevin thermostat + shake algorithm
Does algebraic multigrid reuse its coarse grids?
What is wrong with my code for solving Poisson equation with one side Neumann boundary condition?
explicit scheme stability restriction
Explain step in Lattice Boltzmann method
What would be a simple approach to validate a wave propagation code?
Automatic motion recognition
Eigenvectors of Black-box matrix
Matlab: Creating a matrix that represents a colored, sinusoidally-modulated grating
Mass Lumping in case of Dirichlet boundary conditions
Mapping from n x n complex symmetric tridiagonal to 2n x 2n real symmetric tridiagonal
Rank-one Update to a Rank Revealing QR (RRQR) Factorization?
finite difference frequency domain Eigenvalue matrix to get eigenmodes
Numerical Methods for Solving a Fully Nonlinear Time-Dependent PDE?
Help implementing finite difference scheme for heat equation
FEM libraries with trace spaces
How to determine MPI compatibility
Spectral/hp-finite elements for 4th order PDEs
Need help understanding cluster process managers and MPI
Heat Equation in 3D mass Matrix set-up
Eigenvalues of $ab^T$
Why do libraries need hand-vectorized code instead of compiler auto vectorization
How to determine the truncation error with products and quotients
Understanding Finite-Element Modal Analysis
discretization error for the explicit scheme for heat equation
Meaning of this minimal python and FEniCS based wave propagation code?
Two-dimensional mesh in fem: generating P1, P2, P3,... mesh from a P1 mesh
Library for polygon processing in 3D
Coupling Boundary Condition of one PDE with source term of another PDE
Small, unpredictable results in runs of a deterministic model
Interpreting convergence study results, fixed CFL
Lanczos algorithms for Hermitian system with Toeplitz kernel
Fastest method forfinding a solution to x*log(x)
Oscillations in Chorin's method due to the BC
Array initialization in C
Finding an enclosing parabola for a set of points
What is some of the best software design you've seen in a numerical code?
How does rigid body rotation affect resuts in a simulation?
Mesh partitioner with user-defined overlap
Computing 3-term Connection Coefficients for Wavelets
List of Tersoff potentials?
Difference between Chebyshev first and second degree iterative methods
Adaptive gradient descent step size when you can't do a line search
Vectorizing list of different functions for Gradient Descent
Can I model laminar incompressible fluid flow and heat transfer in MATLAB's PDE toolbox?
linearly interpolate and determine gradients for data on non-uniform grid
RCWA for Non-Periodic Structure?
How do I form the Chebyshev differentiation matrix in MATLAB?
Vectorize a part of a huge matrix in C++
Methods to Estimate Optimal Distance Measure for Multidimensional Data Set
Is providing approximate gradients to a gradient based optimizer useless?
4th Order Runge Kutta: Integration of Differential Equations for Planetary Orbit
Basis over edges of a mesh
Finding common roots of two multivariate equations
Best practice for dealing with Dirichlet boundary conditions in finite-difference schemes: add artificial unknowns?
Eigenvalue decomposition of the sum: $AA^T$ + diag($u$)
Relaxation Parameters for Steady Navier-Stokes
Time integration for elastodynamics
Square error estimate for adaptive mesh refinement
Open source FEM implementation for Windows
Produce large displacement under small displacement approximation?
Gauss Seidel moving mesh AMR hamilton Jacobi
Approximating rotation matrix of arbitrary objective function
What is the difference between Computational Science and Data Science?
Exact distribution of random walk after 10 or 100 steps
Python environments for AMG and Gauss Seidel as solvers instead of preconditioners
Stability analysis for a hyperbolic PDE on staggered grid
Open Source Linear Algebra Library
spurious oscillations Crank-Nicolson
What multibody dynamics softwares exist?
Generating 4D Plots in Matlab
Solving ODE with multiple equilibriums
Computing the Voronoi diagram of a region inside a box
How to form the stiffness matrix for the Poisson equation using a spectral method
RNG float range for metropolis monte carlo
How to evaluate "quality" of set of attainable random permutations
How much does choice of OS matter for performance of scientific computing code?
Gradients of non-uniformly sampled data in 3D space
Combining trapezoidal rule with upwind scheme
Strang splitting
Parametrization of distorted and dented ellipsoids
What is meant by "operations"?
Adaptive tolerance for nested quadrature
How does Matlab `surf` perform interpolation?
Is the numerical resolution of this huge sparse polynomial system tractable?
Looking for saddle point in scalar function with multiple parameters
Linear solve using CHLOMOD in C
More Smearing with decreasing timestep in advection problems
Nearest Neighbors in radius via Z-order order curve?
High order time splitting methods
Contour plot interpolation recommendation
Best way to to find fitting parameters for time series of decaying-growing oscillator type
Measure the convergence rate of a discretization of a wave equation
Multiplication of random sparse matrices
Package for Discontinuous Galerkin method
Global convergence in trust region algorithm
Book Recommondation for the time-dependent Schrödinger equation
Conservatives in shock tube
Numerical Solution to Schrödinger Equation--Multiple Wells
Local truncation error of Dufort Frankel Scheme
3-dimensional plotting with nonuniform grids
Stable computation of $\log\sum x_i$ from $\log x_i$, with many terms
How to improve this double-shift QR algorithm for non-symmetric matrices?
Stability condition for explicit/implicit via non negative coefficients
logsumexp with one very large term and many very small terms
Rectangular Cholesky Decomposition
Fast Python implementation of short-range interacting particles under Metroplis algorithm
Numerical method to find stationary solution of an PDE in the phase space
Solving two inverse problems with same solution
Cauchy problem with a change of variables
CHOLMOD implementation
Solving system of related equations without completely recomputing LU decomposition for each equation
Faster code for double integration using Gauss-Legendre quadrature
Numerical methods for calculating the inverse CDF when closed form approximation not available
Updating factorization of Laplacian (add/remove edges)
Seismic Wave modelling: Elastic Wave or Acoustic Wave?
Post-processing the noisy results of numerical simulation
Definition of inflow boundary in CFD
Perfectly matched layer simulation with two vibrating sources
efficient way to compute lagrange polynomials
Journals that publish theoretical analyses of existing algorithms
Rank sufficiency concept in Finite Element
Differential eigenproblem with eigenvalue in boundary condition
What does it mean for a finite difference scheme to be $L^1$-stable?
Why Binary language is used as a first language for the Computer Systems not a high level Language?
How to find order of convergence in finite element method computationally when exact solution is unknown for time dependent problem
How to invert a lagrangian polynomial
Generate gaussian random field in spherical polar coordinates
Direction-splitting for SSP-RK schemes
Spherical Harmonics: band-limited representations of a vector field on a sphere
How can I compute the difference between shape function and dual solution in dwr?
Boundary conditions in conjugate gradient method for poisson's equation
Eigen - Solving Complex Generalized Eigenvalue Problem
Is there a minimum angle requirement for cells in the finite volume method?
Difficult bug in my 2D Compressible Euler solver
Preconditioning matrix with known spectrum
Could the finite element method get a good discretization error using a mesh like this?
Mutual information of Multivariate Gaussian Distribution
flux limiter problem
How to choose a simple manufactured solution for Euler equation?
Textbook/Manual on Implicit FEM Methods
Solving a singular system of linear equations with smallest solution?
Machine Learning and predictive maintenance
How to get the eigenvalues of Hamiltonian in an over complete basis
Formation sketching; trouble with sampling unit optimization
Appropriate algorithm for smallest several eigen(values|vectors) of a ~300 DoF system?
A linear polynomial that is the minimax (best) approximation to $f(x)$ on the interval $[-1,1]$
Find alternative path closest to original
Efficiently computing the properties of a Chebyshev series
Numerical error in implementation of iterative algorithm
Numerical methods for coupled stiff PDEs
Finding jacobian matrix of cubic finite element
Data cloning into 3D matrix
Efficiently approximating sum of 2-norms
Householder QR for abstract vectors
FD implementation of Absorbing Boundary condition for acoustic wave
Will penalty-augmented stiffness matrix cause numerical issues in eigenvalue analysis?
linear programming feasiblity checking
Infinite force in simulation
bound error for iterative method for solving linear system
choosing parameters for extrapolation method to give second order error
Is there any computational efficiency to global variables?
Derivatives Approximation on non uniform grid
Binary tensor operations in Nutils
Nutils 'Hello world!'
NURBS-based isogeometric analysis using Nutils
Numerical Integration
Spherical Advection Discretization (boundary nodes)
Metropolis algorithm and thermal sine-Gordon model
Adjoint of the MATLAB $\tt dwt3$ (3D wavelet transform) operator
Tikhonov (Ridge) Regression and Normalization
Use Monte Carlo method to simulate consecutive decay in MATLAB
Can floating point error (in FFTW3) cause non-deterministic behavior?
Applying the result of Cuthill-McKee in SciPy
Maximization variant of semidefinite programming (SDP)
Generating initial velocity field
How to calculate efficiently and accurately the Fourier transform of a radial function in Fortran
Name of third-party Matlab packages for solving PDEs
fast adaptive quadrature on equispaced 2-D grid
$(max(0, f(x)))^2$ or $(max(0, exp(f(x))))^2$ for soft constraints with Gauss-Newton
Defining a pixel neighborhood in an array in MATLAB
Is there any function gives no interpolation error in numerical analysis
Solve ODE with initial values using Laplace transform
Imposing boundary conditions for PDE quadratic eigenvalue problem
Pressure-Pressure BC
Cavity Flow CFD Boundary conditions and strange waves
Power of complex-valued neural network
Nelder-Mead algorithm with constraints
Solving ODEs of Switched Systems using MATLAB ODE suite
Numerical integration using interval arithmetic, nowadays
How to discretize the surface of a prolate spheroid?
Eigenvalues of a Laplacian operator on an irregular mesh
Numerically solving a system of stiff nonlinear PDEs
Enforcing bounds and equality constraints for convex optimization
FEM or FD eigenvalue equation to get wave number instead of cutoff frequency
Looking for C++ function for performing optimization of parameters for multivariable function
Fast(er) computation of dot product of two convolutions?
Compute all eigenvectors and eigenvalues of small symmetric matrices
Efficient algorithm for solving linear system with symmetric near-tridiagonal matrix?
Does anyone have a driver for fortran DAE solver - COLDAE?
Gradient computation in AMR framework (Green-Gauss theorem)
Computational Science Hardware Benchmark Database
Quasi-Newton Optimization with parallel function evaluation
Modified convection diffusion reaction equations
Transforming a 1D cartesian variable-coefficient diffusion code into a 1D adially symmetric one
Dielectric in an external electric field
trigonometric interpolation with non-equidistant sampling
In constructing matrices to model physical phenomena, are real matrices superior to complex matrices, in terms of computational cost?
Spectral methods, Spectral Volume methods, Spectral Difference methods
Boundary treatment with higher order methods
Discrete conservation and Finite Element methods
Non-linear optimization package that allows an user-defined Hessian
How do I reliably generate random numbers in Python distributed across multiple nodes?
How to reuse permutation-orderings within scipy's SuperLU-wrapper?
How to properly implement Backwards Euler on a system of bodies
Fast C++ implementation of sparse binary matrices
0 Hz (quite sharp) peak in FFT and division by 0
Express SDP problem in CSDP
Matrix Balancing Algorithm
Iterative root finding of 2-dimensional system of non-linear equations with monotonicity properties
How to define a non-square Legendre pseudospectral differentiation matrix?
How to separate a solver from computational experiments in a correct way?
Difference between explicit and implicit preconditioning
Using Line Search Method for Constrained Optimization
What is a good algorithm, and framework, to calculate centres of gravity or mass (cog)?
Performing computations over the set of constructable numbers
What's the optimal method to solve for the top eigenvectors of a very large, real, symmetric matrix of limited rank?
Solving a differential equation using numerical methods and matlab
Fourier transform by FFT : by using cubic splines to interpolate between data points, do we change the frequency content of the Fourier transform?
Optimize custom probability distribution in Python
How to code gradient descent-based Tikhonov denoising that exactly matches LSQ Tikhonov denoise?
Useful Quantity for Heat Equation?
Getting adjacent cells map for an unstructured polyhedral mesh
How numerical diffusion is related to advection term?
Algorithm for Adaptive Mesh Refinement
What makes a computer fast and powerful to run numerical simulations?
Multigrid for Robin boundary conditions
Doubt regarding principled approach towards approximating the Hessian
Which Runge-Kutta method is more accurate: Dormand-Prince or Cash-Karp?
Compute all eigenvalues of a very big and very sparse adjacency matrix
Appropriate Lapack/MKL routines to efficiently compute C = A* inv(B)
Difference Equation PDE in MatLab
Dekker's method and fixed further border
2d slice cut of tetrahedral mesh in tecplot 360 ex
Calculate Jacobian of triangular element given coordinates of vertices and displacements?
Under what circumstances does Elemental's distributed SVD not work?
Compute specific eigenvalues in the complex plane with Feast?
Loooking for name of this geometrical optimization technique
RAMdisks and finite element calculations
Alternative to messy grid node indexing within multiple layers of loops
Developing a C++ solid mechanics program
Finite Difference advection-reaction-diffusion in spherical coordinates, problem with Diffusion
Chinese character component-based layout engine algorithms
Interpolation over an unequally spaced grid
Object falling with air resistance using Runge-Kutta
How to apply Dirichlet boundary condition for lowest order Nedelec element over tetrahedral domain?
Thomas algorithm for 3D finite difference
Why are convex problems easy to optimize?
Simulating a Hill-Type muscle model
How to compute matrix representation of $\hat{y}\frac{\partial}{\partial x}$?
Low-rank updates in BFGS
Stable implicit method to solve convection-heat diffusion in 3D
Smoothed particle hydrodynamics Implicit methods
An interesting numerical pde problem
How to handle boundary conditions in Crank-Nicolson solution of IVP-BVP?
Generalization error and Sample Complexity estimation for Least Squares
What is the fastest way to compute the sum of the singular values of a matrix?
Use of scipy sparse in ode solver
Data corruption when taking gradient of numerical data in python
Are there mesh generation methods that allow ugly elements?
New releases of libraries
Strange convergence behavior of WENO5 for Hamilton--Jacobi equations
What would be a good approach to solving this large data non-linear least squares optimisation
Using two computers to run one parallelized program with intel fortran
Numerical evaluation of the Exponential Integral Ei by rational Chebyshev approximations fails
The real myth of GPU (specifically CUDA) really speed up FEM/CFD
What does it take to prove that a multigrid algorithm scales linearly with system size?
Applying Runge-Kutta to nonlinear system of PDEs
Preconditioners and discrete Lagrange multipliers
PageRank using Inverse Iteration Method by Cleve Moler
Fit best polygon to a discrete contour
Smoothed particle Hydrodynamics: Resting fluid oscillations
Simple finite volume method for compressible Navier-Stokes equations
What is a good algorithm to solve a discrete continuity equation in Cylindrical coordinates?
Finding eigenvectors and eigenvalues of large matrices in Python's numpy
Using backward vs central finite difference approximation
Learning computational science through guided discovery
How to use non-dimensional form in open source codes instead of Units
Mixed Finite Element Method for the Stokes System—Some Implementation Details
Numerical evaluation of gaussian-like integral expressible as a recurrence relation
Dirichlet boundary condition for sparse matrix - Solving Ax=b only for free nodes?
Solve integral equation for unknown constant
Fastest way to perform element-wise multiplication on a sparse matrix
How to obtain projections from sinogram in ART reconstruction technique?
Are linear programming algorithms faster than quadratic programming algorithms?
How to control temperature in NVE molecular dynamics
Why does LSODA fail to integrate the logistic function?
Pool two computers for MATLAB parfor without MDCS
Forcefield for studying a two phase system, consisting of noble gases and gaseous organic components
CPU for ab-initio DFT calculations
Open Source Quadratic Programming with Piecewise Linear Objective
BLAS3 in Multifrontal Sparse Decomposition
Implementing odespy for system of PDEs
nodal lines of wave-function $\psi(x,y) = \sin 12x \sin y + (1 + \epsilon) \sin x \sin 12y$
Damping for Dynamic Problem using FEM
Looking for name of optimization problem in form $\min \mathrm x^T \mathrm A \mathrm x$ subject to $\|\mathrm x\| = 1$
Will the numerical solving of the differential equation be wrong if I take the step too small?
implementing higher order derivatives for finite element
How to integrate numerically Nosé Hoover equation?
Alternatives to hdf5
Find a permutation matrix (using the Matlab's function $symrcm$) of a matrix $A(2:end, 2:end)$
"Solution path" for quadratic program as regularizer changes
3 questions on FEM to solve elliptic PDE with homogeneous and mixed boundary conditions
The Schrodinger equation for time-dependent Hamiltonian after one timestep, taking exponential or use ode solver?
Can software remove all distortion from image taken with 180-degree lens?
Why is leapfrog integration symplectic and RK4 not, if the latter is more accurate?
How to support or contradict a hypothesis on unconditional stability using numerical optimization
Numerically solving differential equations, the domain is very long, [0, +10^6), so the calculating time is very long
Should energy be conserved in an N-body simulation where particles don't lose energy in collisions?
Are there any "light-weight" FEM packages around?
Using physical parameter as a Gaussian random variable in a simple Poisson problem
Calculating fixed point inside limit cycle
Choice of solver/software for global optimisation of cheap black-box function with known derivatives
$O(h^2)$ convergence for Elliptic PDE
Solving first versus second order PDE
An efficient algorithm to solve this convex optimization problem
The pressure correction equation in Chorin's Projection Method for the Navier-Stokes equation
optimization problem. Monte Carlo stochastic method or another one?
Boundary condition for Pressure in Navier-Stokes equation
Solving systems of linear equations with cyclic bidiagonal matrix
Decreasing - increasing - stabilising $l_{2}$ norm
Smart way to multiply 3 matrices
Solving HJ using Hopf-Lax formula (Burgers case)
derivative of an array
Using backward difference approximations for higher order derivatives
Upwind difference for velocity in staggered grid
MPI in C, all processor run outside of the MPI envir created
Beating typical BLAS libraries matrix multiplication performance
Preventing numerical oscillations with Cash-Karp method
CG question: is symmetry always necessary?
Outlet boundary condisions in lattice Boltzmann Method
Implementation of basic example in LAMMPS
C1 continuous spline on regular 2D-grid with quadratic 1D cuts
Numerical solution of Dirac equation (eigenvalue problem)
comparison of CPU time and normalization
Least Squares: Numerically, is solving normal equations okay for nice matrices?
Interpolation of velocities on staggered grid (in PIC)
Python - Differentiating Cubic Spline numerically or analytically
Irregular data access on CUDA
Is there an advantage of using a staggered grid over a regular one when combined with high order methods?
Runge Kutta solution blows up for a first order ODE with very large coefficients
how to estimate convergence orders? what about this formula?
Classification of method for solving PDEs
Boundary condtions on nonlinear FEM time integration
Min supporting line for a set of points
Finding Shape Functions for a Triangle in 3D coordinate space
What are the prominent algorithms for solving systems of linear inequalities?
"Elevation" plot of a 2D plot - paraview vtk
vectorizating function integration scipy python
Physical interpretation of L2 norm of heat equation solution
Literature on comparing Simplex and Interior-Point-Methods (or combining both of them)
Implementation of the Jacobi iteration to find the solution to $Ax = b$
Mesh and Lattice-Boltzmann methods
Direct Solver and domain decomposition
Approximating the exponent of a matrix $\exp(A)$ using Taylor series
computing Newton-Cotes weights
Parameter identification for regression model
Efficiently computing the product of a multi-dimensional matrix (or tensor) and vectors
Finite element method in $x$, $y$, spectral method in $z$
Does applying the Newton-Raphson iteration for matrix reciprocal refine a matrix inverse from LU/GE?
Does the convergence of finite element have limit?
integral including a vector
Lambdify error when sympy array contains number
Time loop for multiple GPU's
Porting from MPI to GPU
Precision of ratio constraint in a linear program
Quality of linear congruential generators for random numbers
Regarding solution vector of the wave equation
Understanding the Courant–Friedrichs–Lewy condition
Reduction of linear system with decaying unknown
vectorizing optimization or root finding
Adding an external force to Chorin's projection method for the Navier-Stokes equation
Solving PDE in 1D with FD and MATLAB
Is there a single noun to indicate "the ordering (row-major or column major) used in an array"?
Optimization with Yalmip
Trilinos: Extracting a submatrix of an Epetra CrsMatrix
The system matrix and the right hand side for diffusion equation with staggered grid
Sensitivity Analysis -- Total Variation for a function with categorical arguments?
Nonlinear integer program with linear constraints
Algorithm for face based data-structure - CFD
2nd order accurate finite difference method variable material properties near boundary
How to compute $\Delta f/ f$ in computational neuroscience?
Geometric Multigrid for Conform and Non–″ Elements: Restriction Operators
Numerical approximation for a known exact solution of advection-dispersion equation
Limit to precision of step-size
Which ODE solver in Matlab allows me to advance in just one timestep only
Integrate result of finite element calculation in MATLAB
How to deal with quadratic constrain in semidefinite programming
numerically stable routines to compute $M = B A^{-1} B$
How is the dense system usually dealt with in spectral method?
Why are Hamiltonian dynamics used in MCMC?
Finite-difference form of the reaction-term in the solute transport equation
A test suite of large systems of nonlinear equations
Big-O Complexity of Gini Index
Equation of Motion Moving Cylinder, Displacement due to spring force
Matlab: ode45 loop
Matrix of linear transformation in MATLAB
Scaling step size in adaptive runge-kutta method
Solving the Poisson equation with Neumann Boundary Conditions - Finite Difference, BiCGSTAB
cavity flow with only an external force. Why does it circulate?
Best numerical scheme for this problem
Question concerning accumulation point
DAE in Matlab: ode15s
checksum of a distributed variable
Accuracy between ill-conditioned matrix-free vs. matrix-based operators
What is the error associated with Fornberg's algorithm?
Library for generating Discontinuous Galerkin FEM mesh
Does the box-covering algorithm work also for directed graphs?
Eigenvalues with absolute values close to 1
Testing equality of two floats: Realistic example
Solving a small non-symmetric, non-diagonally dominant, and non-sparse system
Implementing initial conditions into the solution domain of a 1-D advection-diffusion equation
Comparison between CashKarp Method and Dormand Prince Method - Runge Kutta Method
Interpolation function for vector finite element
Minimizing linear objective on intersection of convex sets
Methods to approximate discretized derivatives in PDEs
1D FEM with nonhomogeneous Dirichlet BC
Solving a second-order nonlinear ODE with a singularity on x=0
Numerical solution to 2D divergence equation
SOCP: Recovering primal from dual
Benchmark setup for incompressible Rayleigh-Taylor flow
Using two reference values for a scalar variable: What's the name of this type of problem?
Numerically Approximate $[n\cdot\nabla u_h],$ without using Matlab function
Contour plot of a scalar function over the complex domain in MATLAB
Finding the lowest $n$ eigenvalues of a band-diagonal Matrix
Optimization using Python/MATLAB
Is lapack getri numerically the same as getrs with identity matrix as RHS?
Use Finite Difference Discretization to find approximate solution to the Poisson's equation
Efficient out-of-place arbitrary rank GPU transpose
Generalized eigenvalue with null space
Heat equation with Neumann and Dirichlet conditions on same boundary
Runge-Kutta Stability Regions
Help formulating/finding the general class of this problem
Why are higher-order Runge–Kutta methods not used more often?
Polynomial reconstruction on unstructured grids
Numeric integration over Dirac delta
Closed-form Jacobian of se3 element w.r.t. 6-dof motion
Sanity checking jacobians for Finite Element code
How can an engineering student become a computational scinece expert in a short time
Regarding impractical usage of direct solvers of linear systems
Jacobi iteration for finite difference: when to stop?
MATLAB ODE15s: imaginary parts
Optimization of known function with respect to two unknown function arguments
Parallel processing ability of popular commercial software
Mass conservation in atmospheric continuity equation numerical solution
Best books and notes for beginners in the parallel FORTRAN 90 programming
Role of non-hermitian coefficient matrices in the discretization of self-adjoint operators
ODE15s: unable to meet integration tolerances
Break a set of numbers to minimum groups with each having a common divider
3D Solid 8 Node FEM Matlab Code
Preconditioning technique for large sparse non-hermitian matrix
Composite simpson's rule with odd intervals
MATLAB: Matrix whose elements depend on its indicies
Convergence of Jacobi's method for a semilinear elliptic PDE
ODE45: doubts about the result. Correct or not?
reformulating inverse problem as multi-objective optimization
Convert scipy integration with one step to matlab integration
Why FEM electric analysis gives only access to current density?
QR via Householder: less computationally complex variants?
FEM Stiffness Matrix is always close to Singular or Badly Scaled
Flow past square cylinder benchmark in 2D. Famous papers to compare
Efficiently removing projection to subspace without having an orthogonal basis
Non-cubic blocks in Adaptive Mesh Refinement
Connections between Map Reduce operations and Linear Algebra
Methods for interpolating from points that are not on a regular grid?
Numerical integration of a hypergeometric function
2D Multilateration with constraints as distance information
Explicitly including boundary points in a set of finite-difference equations
Finite difference equations representing semilinear elliptic PDE
How to implement the timestepping in TR-BDF2 using matlab ode solver as end-points (upper bound)?
ODE in Matlab: how to plot result and piecewise function
How to debug a constrained optimization algorithm?
preconditioning LBFGS?
Determine Lagrange nodal variables of a simplex $T$
What is the difference between the curl component, and the divergence-free component, of a vector field?
computational tool for higher order Lagrangian interpolation for finite element
Slight Modification to Backward Euler Stiff ODE Solver
Solving Poisson equation while suffering from the curse of dimensionality
Simple steady-state advection problem: do I need FVM with upwind scheme?
Computing Algebraic Riccati inequality
What is “tolerance” in ODE45 in Matlab?
two level iterators C++
Surface Normal for 2D Finite Element Method
What's the fastest implementation of elementwise vector multiplication in Fortran?
Diverged HDG solution for 2D incompressible Navier-Stokes test case at SMALL time step. Why?
Numerical solution of non-linear heat-diffusion PDE using the Crank-Nicholson Method
Can I use multigrid to solve linear algebra problems that do not arise from a differential equation?
Iterative methods to solve linear system in 3D FEM
Stability of the explicit MacCormack Scheme to solve the Navier Stokes equations with Wilcox's K-Omega Turbulence Model
Finite Difference Grid Spacing and Scaling
Set strictly upper triangular part of a matrix to alpha using BLAS or LAPACK
Derivative of the inverse of the Right Cauchy-Green Deformation Tensor wrt itself
How to optimally choose points for multivariable Hermite interpolation?
Full segmentation of a linear space using a clustering algorithm
How to choose the relaxation time in the Lattice Boltzmann Method?
$L^2$-error in FEM: how to compute integral over reference element?
nonlinear boundary condition
Number of particles that could be used in a simulation
Finite difference method for coupled PDEs: optimizing performance (time step, iterations per step)
Integral over reference element in $1$D FEM: how to map the quadrature points?
Numerical differentiation of non-linear functions
Efficient Eigen Solver
implementation of method of line and Runge-Kutta to the given equation
Generate paraview plot of an ensight .case without launching the paraview gui
Trying to find a correlation in data from 2 sensors
What type of computer science/engineering knowledge someone need to have to study graduate level course in compurational physics?
Line integral along the edge of an isoparametrically mapped quadrilateral
Plotting Excel data with Julia
How to increase precision of Gauss-Legendre Quadrature in MAPLE?
Numerical integration of given points, simple/easy way
Approach to handle a quadratic constraint xy <= z
Iteratively obtaining m eigenvectors using arpack: If I have a good initial guess, how do I use it?
Global optimization with known distributions of some variables
Data Analysis - Cooling Efficiency
OpenFoam Mapped Boundary condition
Numerically stable computation of the Characteristic Polynomial of a matrix for Cayley-Hamilton Theorem
Three steps of pde numerical solution and nonlinear equation
Meshing software: connectivity between elements and boundary
Using a subspace iteration method to obtain eigenvalues. Getting eigenvectors too but I don't understand why
elliptic equation with exponential coefficient
Finding smallest cube in $\mathbb R^n$ that contains intersection between two regions
Software suggestion for simulating the stacking of sedimenting rods
Solving a difficult system of equations numerically
Is the marching triangles algorithm guaranteed to terminate?
Understanding MATLAB's `fmincg` optimization function
Split step method applied on nonlinear Schrodinger equation does not result in self focusing
Why do we eliminate centre of gravity as degree of freedom in FEM
On the Rellich-Kondrachov embedding theorem
Implicit integration for FLIP?
Solving poisson equation on image with neumann boundary condition
How to complete sparse matrix?
Which numerical scheme should be used?
Relaxing a variable in MIP
How to reformulate a 1/x^2 singular term to 1/x so that bvp4c can solve it?
Chebyshev approximation by projection vs interpolation
Degree of freedom for elastic wave propagation problem
Literature for $\mathbb{P}_k$ bubble enriched for finite elements
How one could choose the value of viscous coefficient for obtaining stable solution of Burgers' equation?
Fast solution of a heptadiagonal linear system
Is there any implementation of Nesterov's paper: Gradient methods for minimizing composite functions
Can a Depth first traversal of a graph visit node more than once?
Simple methods for solving 2D steady incompressible flow?
Efficiently generate a random subgraph (Gs) with maximum degree K, using only edges from an existing graph G
All eigenpairs of large sparse symmetric matrix
Stable method for solving a HJB equation
A least square problem with a fixed mean constraint and a subspace constraint
Wrong amplitude of convolution using numpy fft
A stable method for solving monontoe HJB equation
Relationship between number of nodes, elements and sides in a triangular 2D mesh
Applying boundary conditions in a simple one element rotated mesh
How do I find the smallest set of elements that covers a given shape?
Variable elimination in linear programming
Flux boundary condition in solute transport
Chattering effect using ode23s -- SDOF with variable spring and periodic input force
Solving an integral equation in Python
How to implement boundary conditions on Finite Difference WENO5 scheme for the Euler equations
stop condition in scipy.integrate.ode for stiff system
Finite volume a posteriori error estimation
Perturbation in bounds given the perturbation to constraints
Discretization of Laplacian with boundary conditions
Numerical quadrature in Discontinuous Galerkin
Passing in a vector from this particular matrix class floating around online
Alternatives to Mathematica
Matlab symbolic differentiation of Legendre polynomials
Numerically compute PDF given a function
LU decomposition of large dense matrices
Order of local and global truncation error in a finite volume scheme
Comparison between two matrices
What is wrong with this Euler method code in python?
Connectivity and Clustering using Eigenvectors and the Fiedler Vector
How can I numericaly solve a convection-diffusion equation with a large diffusion term?
CFL condition in Discontinuous Galerkin schemes
Declare variable to substitute one calculate only once
citations for numerical lookup table interpolation of P/ODE(s) RHS
BLAS libraries for Octave or Matlab, preferrably with GPU support?
What penalty function produces optimization-based Gaussian smoothing?
matlab lsqcurvefit parameter estimation journey
Optimization based integration for MPM
Why does the displacement have to be small to use the infintesimal strain elasticity equations?
Error Reduction algorithm for single measurement intensity
sum of n numbers with the power k
Finite element method applied to 1D structural problem - what is wrong with body force?
Eigenvalue problem constrained with a penalty method
Convergence rate vs convergence order
How does this Constrained Minimization algorithm work?
Computing rate and order of convergence
Symbolic convex analysis toolkit for Maple
Checking if a given differential equation is stiff
How to recognize boundary nodes and sides from the given element node connectivity data
Split operator method
Test matrices for large sparse overdetermined system of linear equations
Numerically find Greens function
$L^2$-convergence of finite element method when right hand side is only in $H^{-1}$ (Poisson eqn)
Large condition number with good accuracy
Is there a common way to decribe voxels and greyvalues in formulars
Integration by parts for FEM
Numerically inverting an exponentially growing function (defined by Chebyshev polynomials)
Numerically solving $\nabla u(x,y) = f(x,y,u)$ on a rectangular domain having initial value of $u$ at some point
Iterative single variable solutions in large linear systems
Fitting Implicit Surfaces to Oriented Point Sets
Edge and Nodal finite element methods in MATLAB for Magnetic induction tomography
Is this a proper implementation of point charge dynamics with ODEs
Comparing the solutions to a multi-objective optimization problem
Estimate information entropy through Monte Carlo sampling
Optimization of non-smooth, non-convex, locally Lipschitz functions of type exp(-abs(x))
What is the meaning of stability in numerical analysis? How to deterimne the stability of a numerical method?
Integrating nonlinear force term in FEM
Rhie and Chow Pressure Velocity Coupling
Shallow water equations with moving body
1-D incompressible unsteady Couette Flow Explicit finite differece CFD
Non-monotonic convergence in fixed-point problem
Gradient of function after renormalization of variables
How to test for convergence (smoothness of Pareto front) in DEAP
Closed form PDF/CDF using Orthogonal Polynomial Expansion (gPC)
GAMS Optimization
Are BLAS implementations guaranteed to give the exact same result?
Least square with rectangular function
What is the default smoother for the "PCMG" preconditioner in PETSc?
Good numerical method for solving the Kadomtsev Petviashvili equations. Is there an analytical solution?
First approximation to the TSP in a non-complete Graph
GMRES : incomplete Krylov-subspace
Stochastic gradient descent for large deterministic optimization problems
Scientific computing vs numerical analysis
Compute $x = B^{-1}(2A+I)(C^{-1}+A)b$ without calculating matrix inverses
Numerical Double integration with endpoint singularity in scipy Python gives incorrect answer
linear relaxation of an optimization problem
lagrangian dual and linear programming
Plotting the same function multiple times on the same set of axes but with different parameters [Python]
Unclear definition of objective function for MPM
Optimizing estimator of composed functions when function is known
constrained quadratic binary problems and quantum adiabatic evolution
How to model pedestrian flow through subway systems?
Computing only the $k$ biggest eigenvalues and eigenvectors with Scalapack
Failing integration with the radau5-implementation in DotNumerics, over a discontinuity
Iteratively solving 3D Poisson equation in MATLAB
constraint satisfaction via an LD solution
How can I derive the a priori error estimate for a symmetric bilinear form using lagrange finite elements?
Optimisation of matrix exponential
When is it safe to ignore the diffusion term in an advection-diffusion equation?
The right algorithm to predict from selected data samples
Converge rate analysis: issue with time convergence
Time discretization: Runge-Kutta methods vs. standard backward difference
Method to check for positive definite matrices
Writing a non-square linear system in standard form $A\cdot{x}=b$
Order of accuracy of FVM discretization
How do I simulate an open end?
Initial Condition in a Numerical Problem
How to correctly define the flux in a finite volume method for Poisson's equation with a piecewise constant material
In numerical methods, eg, finite differencing approaches, does there exist convergent schemes that are not both consistent and stable?
Can convolution be generalized to 2D from several 1D convolutions?
testing derivative approximations
2D mesh generator with geometric primitives
Generate discrete set of points in a feasible region
How to get multiple solutions for a optimization problem using any kind of software
Computing inverse functions of functions of two variables
If I discretize a PDE in space with WENO and in time with an implicit method, do I need to solve a nonlinear algebraic system at each time step?
A program to simulate cellular automaton model
Software/code to extract a solenoidal (a.k.a. divergence-free) field from a 2D vector field numerically
The easiest way to find intersection of two intervals
Obtaining extra output argument(s) from the objective function used by fsolve in MATLAB
Numerical optimization algorithm with approximated derivatives
ODE $x''(t)+\eta x'(t)+x(t)=0$ with the $\eta$ extremely small
How to Apply a Uniform Load to a Laminate Plate in FEM
Time discretization of the variational formulation of the Navier-Stokes equation
Working with large mesh files
Numerical computation of the velocity in the steady Navier-Stokes equation
Finding Numerical Stability of Simple System with Integral Term Due to Low Pass Filter
Preconditioning ARPACK eigenvalue solver
Minimize the number of unique elements in a vector
Numerical Free Fall Analysis with RK4
Literature on numerical solving based on multiple meshes?
How to construct a function in $H^3(\Omega)$, but not in $H^4(\Omega)$?
minimization a quadratic form with linear constraints (Prospective method SMIC 74 method)
Some questions about fractional derivative
Checking the feasibility of a system of inequalities
Optimisation of purely integer quantity with bound-constraints for a 1D expensive function whose analytical form is not available
Trotter expansions in ode solver?
CFL condition in polar coordinates
Integral image resizing
Time step relationship with number of elements or material properties
Avoid component mixing in eulerian simulation of plastic deformation of solid
Backtracking-Armijo Line Search Algorithm
Symmetric boundary condition
Can Runga-Kutta method be used to solve non-linear differential equations?
Any FOSS MATLAB/Octave toolbox for high-speed variable precision arithmetic?
Power spectrum incorrectly yielding negative values
SLEPc eigensolvers take long time to converge for large sparse symmetric matrices
Precision loss in Matrix-Vector product when applying Finite-Difference scheme
Relationship between global and local error?
Preconditioner for dense matrix "with diagonal predominance"
scipy optimize fsolve or root
Spurious oscillations in diffusion-reaction problems with finite volume
How to impose Neumann boundary conditions in finite volume problems?
How To Calculate Theoretical CPU FLOPS?
Numerical diffusion in during advection of a free surface in an FE context
How to implement chaotic sender and receiver with ordinary differential equations?
Practical coding resources for new CFD practicioners
Can 3rd order TVD admit perfect shift for Upwind 1D Advection equation?
Conjugate gradient method to minimize a function
Improve numeric stability of subtraction in C++
Does mean removal increase accuracy of numerical differentiation?
How to sort 13 enormous polynomials, each having terms with 5 variables ($1>h_0>h_1>h_2>h_3>h_4$)?
1D Discontinuous Galerkin - Lagrange vs Legendre Basis
How to broadcast my matrix exponentiation
Finite Volume Polar Discretization: Lengths
Smoothness indicator calculation for WENO methods
Extracting system matrices from FEM software
How to start using LAPACK in c++?
Gaussian geometry optimisation: molecule is getting dissociated into sub group?
4th order Symplectic integration of a 2 degree of freedom Hamiltonian system
Is there an algorithm on python for analyzing swarming behavior or a modeling algorithm to predict swarming behavior?
Breather solutions of Sine-Gordon Using Finite Differences
Is it possible to solve Euler equation numerically without using any flux limiter (in DG scheme)?
Modelling fracture flow in stress field in COMSOL
modelling surface coverage of spheres with spheres of varying size distribution
How to use "fill_factor" in spilu (scipy)
Is MATLAB feasible for app deployment versus lower level languages
Spectrum of the Laplace operator
Integrating Lagrange polynomials with many nodes, round-off
V-cycle Multigrid for 2D transient heat transfer on a square plate using finite difference
Practical example of why it is not good to invert a matrix
How do we derive the elemental equation for Discontinuous Galerkin method using Centered Numerical Flux?
Higher-order Verlet integration
IDE for Scientific computing using Fortran
Mass transport in porous media
Algorithm to find all quadratic residues modulo $n$
setting COMM_WORLD size from petsc4py without mpiexec command line
Reference request for computational fluid dynamics
How to reshape matrix into row-major order for MKL DSS?
Problem in analyzing the program of Gauss Jordan Inverse problem
Fastest way to solve a sparse unsymmetric system many times
Why rational numbers in the Lenstra–Lenstra–Lovász algorithm?
Efficiently determine whether a curve intersects a given rectangle?
Largest hypercuboid inside a polyhedron
Compute powers close to zero
Combined translational and rotational meshing in gmsh
Global numbering of the vertices in a triangulation consisting of quadratic Lagrange elements
How does Mathematica compute 'Reduce'?
Reduce large sparse linear operators to memory efficient loops?
Discretization of a multi-function term
Given x,y,z data of a periodic object, calculate the period of the object (if possible)
LAPACK: ZHEEV and DSYEV give different eigenvalues for real symmetric matrix
MATLAB FFT Differentiation
Using low rank property for maximal/minimal value search (or sorting)
Classifying Marching Cube voxels from SPH output data using CUDA
Balancing core load when number of particles in cells vary (PIC on GPU)
Rhie--Chow interpolation on PDE level
What is the origin of the spurious oscillations in the Crank-Nicolson scheme?
Well-posedness of Elasticity Boundary Conditions
Eigenvalues using QR iteration
How to prove the relationship $\|I_h u\|_{0,\infty}\leq C$ for $u\in H^2(\Omega)$?
Growing error from a smooth initial condition for Fisher KPP equation
Random walk on lattice
Trying to compute the error from comparing two arrays
Line search bracketing for proximal gradient. Is it good idea?
How to avoid negative roots with a Newton's method?
What’s so great about derivative-free solvers for SDEs?
Gaussian Numerical Differentiation
Compressed sensing: $\ell_0$ "norm" vs $\ell_1$ norm
Strong scalability plot, HPC
Another way to evaluate the gravitational force from a uniform cube?
Solving a system of DAEs versus ODEs (which is preferable)
Decrease execution time using openMP
Tridiagonal Solver in Python
Numerical solution of nonlinear thermoconductivity equation
zero terminal value of the adjoint based optimal control
An example of mixed elliptic problem using lowest-order Raviart Thomas element
Convergence rate of Picard iterations
Trouble getting steady-state solution by solving system of nonlinear algebraic equations in MATLAB
Block-matrix SVD and rank bounds
Speeding up a linear transform using Python
Quadrature in finite element methods | How should I compute integrals involving the solution of the last time step?
Distributed (MPI) matrix matrix multiplication
Solving Ax = b with sparse A and sparse b
Search direction for CG method
Which is the best subroutine available for solving sparse linear system of equations
Extrapolation after successive finite element refinement
Stopping criteria in iterative methods for solving nonlinear equations
Hankel transform from paper works only for certain functions
From explicit to implicit SSP Runge-Kutta time discretization for DG
How to avoid the Broyden's jacobian approximation becoming poorer with the number of iterations?
Newton's method with box-constraints
How to avoid spurious oscillations 1D FEM Neumann BC
How to deal with very low numerical values in C?
boundary condition in 2-D planar finite difference problem
Example Problem to Demonstrate BiCGStab
Fast counting of all submatrices of a binary matrix with a full column rank
Small errors accumulate while solving ODE of motion
From edge-vertex connectivty to face-vertex connectivity?
scalable parallel mesh/amr on unstructured grid
What is the difference between MATLAB and FORTRAN?
Kahan Summation for Three-Term Recurrences
Solving an iterative, implicit Euler method in MATLAB
Estimate $L_2$ norm of a elliptic problem with unknown exact solution on finite element method
How to perform Taylor series expansion consisting of cell averaged derivatives in a computational element?
Pseudoinverse of a large sparse matrix in r
simple and fast graph-clustering for paralelization of finite element simulations
Outflow boundary condition - second derivative of velocity
How to implement an integral condition when solving a BVP in MatLab
Deposition model in laminar flow
Is it possible to use both the absolute value and the actual value of a variable in a linear objective function?
How to estimate the error of trapezoidal rule using discrete data?
Is the inverse radon transform considered a linear operation?
A good, simple book/resource on Parallel Programming in C++ for scientific computing
Solve scalar quadratic equation
Dynamic Analysis and Visualization of Laminate Mindlin Plate
Matlab CODE of ADER scheme
Why the product of symmetric-sparse matrices is not symmetric, or dense
Translating a nuclear norm constraint to an LMI constraint
MATLAB: solving multiple ODE systems in parallel
How to compute the Helmholtz decomposition of 2D and 3D vector fields?
Stability of nonlinear partial differential equation
Position Estimation using 2D multilateration for non-intersecting distances
Eigenvectors of a small norm adjustment
Discontinuos Galerkin Method - inhomogeneous advection problem
VTK: Missing Streamlines due to error in Runge-Kutta method?
Compute 2d velocity field with given curl and zero divergence
Preconditioner for the GMRES method in the Uzawa algorithm
Composite Laminate Mass Matrix Help
15 noded triangular elements in paraview
Discrete wave simulation - absorbing boundaries?
Nonlinear 2D thermoconductivity equation(numerical solution)
How can I interpolate $z_t = x(1-t)+y t$ with single-precision floats so that it satisfies $x\leq z\leq y$, $z_0=x$, $z_1=y$?
Mathematical physics applications in present-day image processing
Are there sites for discussing more informally about computational modelling?
Methods for integration of oscillatory complex vectors as a function of time
How to do numerical computation of $L^p$ norm of a $p$ dimensional trigonometric polynomial
Plot 2D piecewise constant in matlab in a finite elements mesh
Can we simulate incompressible flows using the (slight) density changes to give pressure?
Plotting Voigt Function in Python
Rescaling x-axis data in Paraview
How do we implement Parameter free generalised Moment limiter in 1D Case in Discontinuous Galerkin methods?
Intersections of supports constraint
Mesh ordering algorithms used by COMSOL Multiphysics
Orthonormal basis for hexahedron
FEM with flat triangles
How much regularization to add to make SVD stable?
4th order Runge-Kutta Method for Driven Damped Pendulum
Dirichlet term in error estimations
How to implement outgoing wave boundary condition
Computing accurate fluxes with FEM
Mysterious Mirroring in Analytical Solution of a delay differential equation (DDE)
Finding intersections of curves in a binary image
Efficient computation of AX=B where B has special structure (block-diagonal)
Solving an equation in space and time using the Crank-Nicolson approach
How Jacobian matrix helps optimization faster?
Eigen - Max and minimum eigenvalues of a sparse matrix
Automatic classification of a family of 2D contours or closed surfaces in 3D
Efficient computation of $BX=A$ when LU factorization of $A$ is given
Using Newton-Raphson method to solve the hydrostatic equation
Higher order interpolation in DWR method
Bounded approximation to a bounded function
Can we simulate compressible flows by simple direct explicit calculation, without solving systems of linear equations (such as Poisson eq)?
FEM implementation on tet10 element stiffness matrix:(code snippet provided)
Stability of dark solitons in a harmonic trap
Generate a set of random x,y,z numbers, with a minimum difference between them, between defined limits
Computing preconditioner for a non-linear conjugate gradient implementation
Parametrized spline - oscilating second derivative
solving numerically a 2D integral by using simps and quad combined
Parabolic differential equations with time delay
How is the Gastner-Newman equation implemented to create value-by-area cartograms?
Constrained optimization: Stationary point vs. Nash point
Von Neumann stability analysis with a constant term
Naming scientific output files
Simple open-source Quantum chemistry or DFT code in C/C++
Fast c++ library to solve very big sparse systems
Python implementation of Quadtree for trajectory analysis
Is it necessary to invert precondition matrix for iterative solver?
C++ - Expression must be modifiable lvalue
How can I evaluate the accuracy of my n-body simulation?
Discrete operator textbooks
Performance of kd-tree vs brute-force nearest neighbor search on GPU?
Optimal synthesis of crank–rocker linkages
Use custom defined metric(not matrix) in Javaplex
Using RK2 Method to solve the simple harmonic oscillator of a horizontal mass on a spring (1D)
Fast table interpolation on regular time data for ODE
Implement Robin boundary condition (finite volume)
Correctly setting boundary condition for periodic linear elasticity problem
Evaluating the surface integral in an FEM (Finite Elements Method) procedure
How to construct an ellipsoid using Ansys design modeller (or any other 3D CAD software)
What's the definition of $L^{\infty}$-norm for nonconforming finite element?
How to handle 2D and 3D models efficiently
1D heat conduction using FVM in polar coordinates
Multiscale Simulation of random walker
Efficient Representation of (spatially sparse) spatial time series
minimalistic library for classical molecular mechanics force-field in C/C++/Python
Quick evaluation of floating point Absolute Error
Is a B-spline curve uniquely defined by one set of coefficients?
Why does PETSc matrix memory allocation improve performance so much?
simple matrix multiplication?
Matlab struct vector
How is KDE used in stochastic tomography
Any method to efficiently compute SVD of a perturbation of matrix $\bf A$ if the SVD of $\bf A$ is already known?
Distirbution of Points along a Line
Linear programming with stochasticity?
Matrix Decomposition of Conics
In practice, what are the most useful ways to visualize 2d fluid flow, to tell what is happening in the simulation? Esp for verification and debugging
Python implementation for Frechet Distance
Efficient search strategy in a monotonic boolean function wherein the probability of solution location is known apriori
Backing out a function of parameters from system of nonlinear equations
FEM/FVM/FD for structural modeling and stability issues due to large structural constants?
Halo Region Communication in Unstructured Mesh Problems
2D simulation of a particle with different diffusion coefficient in different directions of the particle
Simulation of a lens, insufficient points
FEM on tet10 element: negetive determinant at the Gauss point
What are the differences between the different gradient-based numerical optimization methods?
Simulation of 2D impulse response using finite volume
Assemble P2 finite elements - Matlab or references
Implementing Frechet Distance on pandas data frame
Benefits of matrix multiply over inversion
Solving Poisson equation with current BC using FEM
Sun Grid Engine peculiarities
Solid volume calculation
How to generate a tet10 mesh from a tet4 mesh
Speeding up group apply in python
Why is the speed of the parts of the LU-decomposition so different?
3D visualization in MATLAB
Linearization in Finite Difference Method: Why?
Implementing Neumann boundary condition for elasticity problem using the finite element method
energy computation for BVP with Dirichlet boundary conditions
How and when to use IMEX runge-kutta
Numerical implementation of the Dirichlet-to-Neumann map
Python program to simulate the trajectory of a cannonball
Physics of explosions: just vorticity?
Intuitively, what does it mean for a solution to be divergence free?
Best way to conduct parallel scaling tests?
How to get a theoretical background in nonlinear, coupled FEM systems
Multiplying two functions in MATLAB
Mixed formulation of the Poisson equation (FEM)
Visualizing the solutions of the Differential equations by varying different parameters
Beam propagation over extremely short distances
How group similar data in a single classes and reduce the error
triple cross prouct of tensor
Legendre expansion of $r(x) = f(x)/g(x)$ using a finite number of samples from $f(x)$ and $g(x)$
Monte Carlo Simulation algorithm
A 95% minimal rectangle problem
Questions about implementing an electromagnetism/photonics solver package
What would be a good, fast, way to interpolate a point in 3D space
Interpolating a mathematical function using a Hermite Cubic Finite Element Space
Pre/Post-processor for an academic finite element solver
Set of linear ordinary differential equations with a mass matrix
Stability of PDE Discretizations with Multistep Time Discretizations
Quadratic programs with rank deficient positive semidefinite matrices
Newbie help on FEM contact problem
What is the most intuitive explanation for the concepts of weak local minimizer, strong local minimizer and isolated local minimizer?
How to perform linear programming sensitivity analysis in MATLAB?
Confusion about determining the jacobian in a rootfinding algorithm
Newton's method stagnates at small error
How to stochastically estimate the trace of a matrix?
How to impose boundary condition with mixed derivatives?
Commonly-used metrics to quantify the irregularity of a triangular mesh
Invert a matrix only on a subset of variables / Compute the "equivalent circuit"
Euler-Bernoulli beam element versus continuum beam element
Fully discrete finite element method for 1D dynamic euler-bernoulli beam problem
Can this nonlinear advection-diffusion equation be discretized as to only have to solve SPD systems?
How accurate is cumtrapz in MatLab?
Improving calculation algorithm for coupled PDEs
Calculating a limit as parameter goes to infinity
Preconditioner for scalar laplacian system
Solving multiple least-square problems with the same constraints
Accuracy of finite difference method for heat equation on a disk
Vandermonde matrix DG Hestaven
Viewing HDG FEM edge variables in vtk / paraview
What exactly is Hardware Acceleration?
Most suitable particle-tracking software
If a numerical solution remains constant for different grid sizes, what does it mean?
What matrix criteria is "large enough" for Eigen to use a BLAS backend?
Turbulence Pseudospectral Code
2D Test cases for overset meshes
Parallelizing molecular simulation with full configuration energy
DG local equation, how to interpret mean-averaged test function
For which problems Krylov subspace methods are preferred over multigrid methods?
Resources for solving fluid-structure interaction problems
Applying pressure on simulation box
Underdetermined/overdetermined polynomial interpolation
Optimally "morph" one set of points into another
Spherical volume integral from pre-calculated points - which algorithm is best?
Polynomial approximation - Vandermonde matrix creation - precision
Computing spherical harmonic coefficients using Scipy
Correct eigenfunctions of Laplace operator by Finite Differences
BDF vs implicit Runge Kutta time stepping
Perfect filtering of high frequencies in 2D FFT (Multidimensional 2/3 Rule)
ODE System doesn't work when step size (h) is bigger than 1
Regularization vs constrained optimization of an ill posed tomography problem
Why can't we just use machine learning to select which model to use for a given model?
Inverse problems with a discrete set of known parameters
1-D turbulent energy spectra in homogeneous direction (non-isotropic)
Crank-Nicolson method for inhomogeneous advection equation
Adaptive Timestepping for Stong Stability Preserving (SSP) Runge-Kutta Methods
lightweight implementation of semiempirical quantum chemistry (e.g. MNDO,AM-1,PM3)
Optimal Control using Dynamic Programming - Optimizing for Furthest Distance
Algorithms for computing winding numbers of 2-sphere maps
Numerical integral of oscillating function with known zeros
Strange solutions using Finite Element Analysis
How to determine if Kelvin-Voigt elements are dissipating stress correctly?
Solving this system of equations numerically
What can be done with Finite Element Method and not with the Finite Volume Method, and vice versa?
Imposing special structure on Positive Semi-Definite matrix
Numerically solving generalized eigenproblem with Neumann conditions
Implicit method for two coupled PDEs
Examples of finding eigenfunctions of coupled DEs
Optimization of multiple functions
Integrating the 2d vorticity equation on periodic boundaries
What is the difference in the pivoting strategies between LAPACK's dpstrf and dpst2 and why?
Best algorithm for inversion of matrix spanning many orders of magnitude
What is the global problem in the two-level additive Schwarz?
Schrödinger equation with time dependent Hamiltonian
Scaling for a nonsymmetric eigenvalue problem
Derivative chain rule
How to determine which parameter I should linearize?
Reasons to choose LES in stead of RANS models? (turbulence)
Anyone knows where I can find a simple FEniCS code where I can understand basic implantation?
Fast way to compute the diagonal elements of the inverse of covariance matrix
Can x-ray back-projection be converted to hard-field magnetic induction tomography?
How can I find positive integers $a$ and $p$ satisfying $a^{p-1}=1($mod $p^2)$?
How can I numerically solve a saddle point problem with repeated constraints?
Physical meaning behind the choice of the proposal distribution in Markov Chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods
Best way to track parameters and results, in your experience (i.e. how do you do it)?
How can I solve on a computer a large projection problem with redundant constraints?
Sparse matrix inverse with reduced bandwidth
Find hidden sequence $a_n = a_{n-1} + T $ , with period $T$, given some "random" numbers
Interior penalty discontinuous Galerkin Matlab implementation
How do I migrate from Legacy VTK (Structured Points) to XML (Structured Grid)?
Solve ODE with two unknown functions
Is there a FEM package for R
Scalability of Julia language
Maximize sum(AI) for matrix A and any permutation of identity matrix I
Which technique to use for signal/image processing or noise removal?
Minimizing the products of variables
Minimize interesting objective function with knowledge of gradient nonlinearity?
Why do we need orthonormal basis of Krylov subspaces for GMRES?
Random Number Generation-full period
Ritz, Galerkin, Weak Form, FEM: How to catch up the basics?
Finite difference methods for multidimensional coupled equations
Solving two coupled PDEs using two methods, how to calculate the error between them in theory?
Fit constant term in LM algorithm
Double Integrating acceleration data to obtain position: 2 Problems
Why can I not solve the negative advection equation (backwards in time)?
How to solve the transcendental equation: $\tan(x) = \frac{2x}{x^2-1}$
4th order Runge-Kutta for $y' = y$
Can RK5 be considered as part of Predictor–corrector method?
Crank-Nicolson algorithm for coupled PDEs
Simulating periodic boundary condition with long_range interaction
How to generate Poisson-distributed random numbers quickly and accurately?
Comparison of different methods for solving $\partial_tA=\nabla^2_xA$
Time-dependent Schrodinger equation(time-dependent Hamiltonian)
How to implement boundary conditions in arbitrary geometries, in MD\Lagrangian FD simulations
Alternating Schwarz does not converge without Dirichlet conditions on physical boundaries
Eulerian vs Lagrangian vs Mesh-based vs Meshfree/Meshless methods
Using scipy.odeint to solve coupled equations
Why is it not computationally possible to accurately predict the weather that would occur after 14 days?
Rapidly determining whether or not a dense matrix is of low rank
Why can we predict global temperatures years ahead but we cannot reliably predict weather weeks ahead?
Algebraic multigrid in PETSc
How to deal with multi-region problems (in PETSc)
Approach for coupled equations with included time derivative
How to deal with big numbers in intermediate calculations?
How can this multidimensional integral be efficiently implemented in python using Gauss-Hermite quadrature
Linear solvers: How to deal with a singular system? (Poisson equation with Neumann boundary conditions)
solution of system of coupled partial differential equations
Roots of transcendental equation involving bessel functions
Approximating derivative of numerical solution (using ode45) within event function
How to do matrix operations with this way of storing sparse matrices
Finite difference scheme for unconfined aquifer equation
How to formulate Poisson's equation into flux eqution
Optimizing for loops by using Einstein summations instead
What is the expected value of area of intersection of a circle and a rectangle
Sieve of Eratosthenes with minimized memory usage
Calculation of integration curve
Practical reference on sparse linear solvers for PDEs (Navier-Stokes, Poisson) and on learning PETSc
Requesting less than a node with SLURM
Iterative linear solvers compatible with automatic differentiation?
Need clarification on a piece of book excerpt about spectral element method!
How to create an optimal pizza delivery plan and how to visualize it
Computation of stiffness matrix with variable coefficient
Sharing a matrix with the math community
Second Quantization in Matlab
How much in depth should I cover Python?
Do DG methods for the Helmholtz equation always return positive quantities?
Line integral along the edge of an isoparametrically mapped triangle
MapReduce with MPI question
Grid mapping from Tchebyshev
Correct use of scipy's sparse.linalg.spilu
Why does multiplying two first derivative finite difference matrices not give the matrix for the second derivative?
Pseudo-Spectral cosine transform
Order of accuracy in a combined scheme
Vectorizing Matrix Multiplication
Spherical Gradient along $z$-axis
Find B-spline coefficients from values on collocation points
1-D local interpolation of sampled function that is polynomial in 1/x
First-order ODE scheme implementation giving less than first-order convergence?
Difference in performance of preconditioned GMRES and MINRES
How would you specify mixed boundary conditions for a 2D PDE in the matrix used for finite differences
B-Splines Matlab Package
Numerically stable computation of $F((ax+b)^k)$
Matlab, Mathematica & LAPACK returning 3 different eigenvectors
Python: Comparing 2D arrays and Returning independent values from those arrays
Chebyshev spectral differentiation matrix for mapped domain
fft with non uneven spacing between the value of the signal
Leveraging scipy for matrix free finite elements
Efficiency of Array Slicing
Calculating partial trace of array in NumPy
Object-oriented non-linear solving in python
Iterative solver, which balances the equations with the biggest errors
Stable computation of ratio of sums of large numbers
Finite difference for mixed derivatives on nonuniform grid
von Neumann stability analysis for spatial variable flux
Easily understandable argument that normal Runge–Kutta methods cannot be generalised to SDEs?
Turbulent energy spectrum from isotropic turbulence field in a box (bis)
Neumann boundary conditions for the upwind scheme applied to the advection equation (Python)
MPI_Finalize() only some processors
Trying to plot 1D wave equation for benchmarking
Which data structure contains of one parent node and many child nodes
Crank-Nicolson scheme in space for advection equation
CFL condition of source term
Computing the Cholesky decomposition based of the QR decomposition
Is there any scalable machine learning tool like molecular dynamics software NAMD?
Mixed Integer Nonlinear Programming Problem
LAPACK sorting eigenvalues differently each time
Filter coefficients for convolutional inpainting
How to make LAPACK eigenvectors orthogonal like Matlab?
BTCS-like method for heat conduction in unstructured triangular grid
Half precision in Fortran
Color legend location in eps files, exported from paraview v5.4
Understanding Davis artificial viscosity
Computing Roe's average density for General Equation of State
implicit odes solution using fdm
adaptive / smart grid choice for dynamic programming
Finite difference method not working for advection PDE with negative coefficient
How to implement finite difference method for one dimensional Navier-Stokes PDEs
FiPy: Make diffusion coefficient dependent to orientation
Solving systems of nonlinear ODEs in epidemiology
Computing dilogarithm
Numerical Calculation of the Fluid Stress Tensor
LAPACK: ZGETRF with INFO greater than zero but ZGETRI does not fail.
Runge Kutta (RK4) to solve coupled harmonic oscillators
Convergence problem for Poisson equation with periodic BC
Discrepancy in estimating boundary stencil for finite difference method
2D numerical integration with infinite limit (C++)
Extrapolating to non-fluid cells (for Shallow Water Equations), for a shore/beach?
Imposing total pressure over surface in FEM
Oil/Water interface simulation using GROMACS
Fast chain rule algorithm
Solve a PDE BVP with Spectral methods in time and space?
GPU libraries for integer matmul | overflow tolerated
Optimizing an error function involving rotation vectors in Python
Find representatives of vector-space in set of vectors?
3D visualization of the results of a 2D simulation in COMSOL
Total distance between points on a grid
Implementing Neumann boundary condition in nonlinear integro-differential equation
How to construct a eigensolver targeting a specific type of matrix
Jacobian of the electron and hole drift diffusion equations with respect to potential in semiconductors
Solve a set of multivariate linear inequalities with constraints in Python
Update model parameter with new data, discarding old data
How to simulate 3D diffusion in python?
$L_2$ projection with integer constraints and prescribed sum
What software packages are designed towards modelling the radiation from accelerated charges?
Computing the change of function at two close points without cancellation
Poor SVD reconstruction of singular matrix
Volume rendering 3D VTK *.vtu UnstructuredGrid file in Paraview
Pressure boundary condition in lid driven cavity using finite element method
Algorithms to extract trajectory lines out of 3D point clouds
Does 1D component-wise Euler WENO work with shocks at all?
Data structure for efficient high dimensional histogramming
How to precondition FEM problems using domain decomposition?
Loop optimization with f2py, Cython and Numba
How to compute WENO-reconstructed flux in local characteristic field?
``scipy.odeint`` giving different answer than analytical
Runge Kutta and Milstein – system of second-order coupled differential equations with noise
c++ Libraries for large linear system of equations
Numerically finding constants of motion
Numerically stable way of computing angles between vectors
How to determine a PDE which is structure-preserving (energy, mass conserved)?
Precision not improving by decreasing step-size in nonlinear Schrödinger
Finite Difference Method Limitations/Stability Criteria
How to deal with numerical errors in electrostatic field calculations
Minimize number of rectangles that cover all the points
The difference between mkl_intel_lp64 vs mkl_gf_lp64 in a numerical reproducibility issue with Intel MKL
Parallel dense solve with submatrices from mesh refinement with Petsc
Boundary conditions for streamlines in enclosed flow
(FD WENO) Correct characteristic decomposition of 2D Euler equations
Algorithms for the one-to-two assignment problem
Data for Tracy-Widom distribution
Advection equation with finite difference: importance of forward, backward or centered difference formula for the first derivative
How can i solve this non-convex multi-variable optimization problem?
Parameter identification for first order ODE
FEM Stiffness and Mass matrices for 2d cubic trial functions
Reverse engineering of particle motion
Description of algorithm for small scale linear least squares with box constraints
Is there any point to using hypot() for $\sqrt{1+c^2}$, $0 \le c \le 1$ for real numbers
interpolation 2D irregular nodes
Galerkin method: Test functions vs. Basis functions
Sources for verified Voronoi and power diagrams
Hypergraph matching -> adjacency matrix?
Accurate evaluation of the sign of a polynomial
Complex Eigenvalues using eig (Matlab)
Calculate activation energy of inter molecular displacement on a nano particle
Reference Request: Raviart Thomas with hanging nodes
How to measure euclidean distance between points with vtkDelaunay3D package?
Literatures on numerical stability of optimisation algorithms
Factoring a quadratic function
Using GSL for basic operations
Computational Physics: Finding the Diffusion Coefficient from the Discretized Diffusion Equation
Determinant of jacobian matrix
Computation time of eigenvalues with ARPACK depends on what?
One Dimensional Schrodinger's Equation solution using Numerov Method
shallow water equation maccormack method
Approximating solutions to quadratic recurrence boundary value problem
Scaling/nondimensionalization for numerical optimization
Sign of integer determinant 4 by 4
quadratic trial functions for a 2d FEM calculation
Numerical Precision in Matrix Inversion Routines
Does excitation type matter in a time-domain simulation/computation of a transfer function of an LTI system?
Generate a set of orthogonal vectors to a given vector
Solution to 1D consolidation problem python implementation
Which image filter acts like "surface tension"?
Algorithm to find boundary faces of mesh
Is it possible to simulate life?
Why doesn't multiplying two matrices with NumPy work sometimes?
Why is the continuous Galerkin Finite Element Method a poor choice for the inverse problem for the Navier-Lame equation?
How to choose seed in flood/fill algorithm
finding the growth rate from numerical data
will this methodology end up giving me a nonsense regression equation.
Kronecker product among multiple arrays
Non linear programming solvers with API for MATLAB?
Clenshaw-type recurrence for derivative of Chebyshev series
Barycentric interpolation equivalent for irregular hexahedra
p-refinement in adaptive methods
Computing Eigenvectors in MATLAB
Extracting Real Part of Twiddle Factors from `fftw_plan`
Create mesh for complicated 3D object for finite element analysis
Solve ill-posed linear system without transposing matrices?
Approximate function with minimum number of evaluations
Rule of thumb for time-step for solving Maxwell's Equation using 3D-FDTD?
Optimization Problem: Minimize the absolute value of a set of points
Open source solver for continuous-time stochastic non-linear DAEs (SDAEs)
Dealing with simultaneous collisions in N-body sim
Is FEM discretization error equivalent to quadrature error of bi-linear term in the weak form?
3D Finite-Difference using Kronecker Products
3-parameter optimization of a convex function
Eigenvalues of Small Matrices
implicit method (crank-Nicolson) I not understand the procedure
How to solve this set of equations involving an integral?
What does Consistent Variation mean?
Numerical calculation sum of exponential functions
Newton method for a nonlinear system of time-independent PDEs
Deterministic method to compute "Process noise covariance matrix, Q" for a Kalman filter when parameter variations of the model is known apriori
How to optimize for decay constant in exponential-like function?
Matrix exponential by eigenvectors - implementation issues
Selecting n points to have a given mean and covariance
Implementation of stochastic cellular automata
Verifying that ODE integration generates Theoretical Stationary distribution
Why do the policy iteration and value function iteration not match in this exercise
Bubnov-Galerkin method in 1D: how to handle convective-type nonlinearity?
Speeding up ODEINT stiff example
Why can ill-conditioned linear systems be solved precisely?
Methods for solving $Ax=b$, small and sparse A
Von Neumann analysis for coupled PDE's
Rotate a vector by a randomly oriented angle
CFL condition in Stokes equation
Associativity in floating point arithmetic failing by two values
How can I speed up this code for sparse matrix-vector multiplication?
Are there generic formulations of Riemann solvers?
How to force potential boundary conditions in the Yee scheme for solving Maxwell's equations?
Why do active set methods or the simplex method pivot only one variable at a time?
find grid points inside the parallelogram defined by an origin and two vectors
error estimator VS error indicator in the context of FEM error estimation
Plotting using 'colorbar' in MATLAB
What does optimal convergence rate mean? How to prove whether a numerical method, e.g. FEM, has an optimal convergence rate or not?
Multi-matrix orthogonal basis problem
Numerical scheme to solve Maxwell equations with fixed potential boundaries?
Reconstruction of cells information when given mesh in polyMesh format
Numerical propagation of a density matrix using Liouville von Neumann equation
Robust/Tested Solver for incompressible 2D Euler (Fluid dynamics) Equation
Some questions on Trace (operators) on the boundary in the context of PDEs
General-purpose Numerical Calculus of Variations Problem
Linear regression with inequality constraint in Java
Appropriately handling boundary conditions in a PDE eigenvalue problem
Why do I still obtain a unique solution with one-sided formula when b.c. isn't enough?
Minimum box size in order for an object in the center to not 'see' duplications of itself under periodic boundary conditions?
Reformulate a strictly convex QP problem containing absolute value term
Testing Wiener process splitting in adaptive-step SDE integrators
How to compute the Frobenius norm of matrices whose entries are either too large or too small?
Definition of CFL number in Arbitrary Lagrangian-Eulerian framework
Round-off errors in ratio of Gaussian functions
Error measure for a simple finite difference scheme
Is it valid to assume the center of a bounding sphere to be also the center of the bounding box?
Correct way to model an embedded reinforcement (non linear FEM)?
Comparison between FEM libraries & languages
Convert Unstructured Mesh to Structured
Why my linear congruential generator generate low quality random numbers?
Fourier characteristics of repeated numerical derivative
Learning differential equations: a textbook
How to traverse $\{0, 1, \dots, 2^n-1\}$ in random order?
Plotting yield surface for geotechnical constitutive model
Bifurcation of linear PDE
Code for solving the heat equation on the semi-infinite rod
Successive iteration method for solving eigenvalue ploblem
When doing a linear regression, what is the fastest/slowest regularizer?
Simple Monte Carlo in C++, result dependent from seed
Writing a programming code directly from the mathematical formula?
Method to solve linear, first order ODE of generalized matrix matrix form
CFD Mass exchange across a reactive front
Hello word in FEniCS?
Eigenvector with maximum overlap
Eigenvalue with largest imaginary part
Using the PAST algorithm to find eigenvectors
SIRS Model doesn't depend on initial conditions?
How does Mathematica compute real and complex solutions to single, non-polynomial equations?
How to represent CFD result when I use grid-centered FVM?
Why can't we discretize continuous domains in distributed non-convex constraint optimization problems?
Algorithm design to filter on 5,000 stocks each of which has 4 months worth of data points
In Matlab, how can I be consistent with units?
Software that does naïve or formal simplification of mathematical expressions
Initialize arc length control in Riks' method
Pressure definition/convergence issues for the Incompressible Navier-Stokes when using a stabilized P1-P1 finite element formulation
Why does PETSc take unexpectedly long to set up its KSP solver with a custom preconditioner?
How to improve the efficiency when I need to exhaustively pairwise millions of list in Python?
How can I use Projected Gradient Descent for this optimization problem with constraint?
Discontinuous Galerkin FEM : Control points are mid-points of edges instead of nodes
Propagation of error in fitting two sets of data to each other
Piecewise Constant Enrichment of the continuous galerkin method
One dimensional differential equation with resonance recombination (RHS)
4th order runge-kutta and harmonic oscillator
Computing Direct Scattering Transform
Mesh error quantification using error norm for a sharp logistic function
Using C/C++ for Markov chain Monte Carlo (MCMC) methods
Minimization of least square function together with a nonlinear function
Why is FLOP(Floating Point Operations Per Second) mentioned as a specification on every GPU?
Fourier transform spherical system
Solving the Advection Equation with Forcing using the Discontinuous Galerkin Method
Is the exponential function, e^x, very expensive to compute in Matlab and harmful to my computer?
Neumann-Neumann boundary intersection
Is there a simple way to avoid carbuncles for FD WENO methods?
Galerkin method for a system of nonlinear PDEs
2D Ising Model in Python
Intervals where the sign of a polynomial can be computed reliably
Reference for Dunavant Quadrature Implementations
Computing IFFT for only $k$ samples in a high dimensional signal
Bulirsch-Stoer algorithm to solve simple chemistry. Spanning long time intervals after stationarity
Algorithm to adjust range / scale so it is "nicley" dividable by n
Split-step-method for coupled equations
Inverting big symmetric and singular matrices
Solving complicated coupled ODE using RK4/ODE45 in Matlab
Finding minimum of Wronskian determinant
First appearance of the phrase "inverse crime"
Modelica and SIMULINK yield completely different results
finite difference for a second order ode
How to fast estimate derivates for calculating quantiles
Choice of velocity grid - staggered or not?
Custom Mesh Sizes in GMSH
Computable alternative to "almost everywhere"
Stiffness matrix computation for 4 node quadrilateral element
the augmented global stiffness matrix is not positive semi-definite using Lagrange Multipliers method within FEM
Suitable finite difference method for a convection-diffusion system?
Uniform distribution in 3D space
High precision Discrete Fourier Transform in c
Lagrange multipliers space is too rich in a mathematical view
Do practice and theory differ substantially when implementing Neumann Boundary Conditions using a Mixed Method?
Raviart Thomas Mixed Finite Element with Mixed boundary conditions reference request
Does the IEEE-754 standard mandate that exp2 is rounded correctly?
Question about motivation of mixed FE method
Finite Difference and Finite Volume as special cases of Finite Element
An algorithm to turn descending order into ascending order, but why correct?
Diffusion properties of hard spheres in Monte Carlo simulation
Adding Non-Linear source term to 2d Implicit MATLAB code
Python package to calculate static force and moments of rigid body
Name for vectors in a Krylov space but not the preceding one
Eigenvalue ODE in Spherical Coordinates--Numerical
Pros and cons of optimization vs. variational calculus, re: nonlinear elasticity
Neumann boundary conditions diffusion equations methods of lines
Solving the 1D Particle-in-a-Box using C++
finite difference : why should we solve linear equation at each step
Is there any ML solutions for permutations?
Inverse problem in linear ODE
Low memory algorithm for matrix diagonalisation
An algorithm to calculate $R_n$s from this recursive equation
Derivatives of a Chebychev polynomial
Solving for $C$ in $Q = YCZ$ using least squares in Matlab
Chebychev Polynomial derivatives at zero points and extreme points
Code to output VTK point data from decomposed domain for Paraview
Crank-Nicolson integrator: oscillations with complex matrix
Crank-Nicolson method and mixed derivatives
Is there a general analytic solution to 1D advection of velocity, $u_t=-uu_x$?
FiPy with derivative source terms
C++ template design pattern for groups (algebra)
Newton - Raphson method : maxima of function in 2 variables
implied equalities and relative interior
Linear Least-Squares Point-to-Plane ICP degenerative case
Which are some good algorithms and heuristics to calculate the similarity between two matrices?
Second-order PDE with seven variables
Implicit solution to Sylvester equation
What is $H^{\frac{1}{2}}(\Gamma_g)$
Computational approaches to analyse numerical solutions
What is a relative condition number of a sum of positive values?
Algorithm for finding initial conditions of differential equations given trajectory
Vectorised root finding in Python
How to apply non zero Dirichlet boundary condition in finite elements?
Normalization of MATLAB HermiteH
How to verify solution to pre-conditioned linear systems solver?
What are the numerical properties to consider between Augmented Lagrangian and the Penalty Method?
Are there any packaged routines (in lapack or elsewhere) for inverting a banded matrix?
Modulus (absolute) of a function, its quadrature, and relevance of zeros
Resources on mesh generation for finite element methods
Finding parameters numerically
Building Gaussian-type quadrature schemes with Zernike polynomials
pde-constrained optimization
FEM current toy problem
Advection equation in 2D using finite differences - the scheme works, but the pulse loses "energy"
Trajectory optimization for smoothness
Why there are people that still prefer fortran 77 over new versions?
adjoint method for reaction-diffusion problem
More efficient matrix multiplication with diagonal matrix
Principle of virtual work - extra term needed for deformation dependent loading?
Fixing catastrophic cancellation in velocity formula
How to show that Gauss-Seidel iterative method is equivalent to successively setting each component of residual vector to zero?
Integrating over $\mathbb{R}^{3}$ without a convex subset
Reference request: free/open source books on intro numerical PDE
Vector characterization of cylinder displacements in a box
Generating set of points on a surface defined by constraint
Parallel calculation in finite elements
Sampling simulation steps logarithmically
Central differencing scheme for second derivative leads to ill-conditioning
Finite Element Analysis for Laminated Plates with Holes or Patches
stiffness matrix for 3D regular grid in FEM
Design patterns in writing numerical software in C++
Fast multiplication of highly structured matrix
Gauss-Seidel method convergence
Odd-even decoupling at faces of cells
PDEPE nonlinear
Evaluating $\log(\exp(x)+1)$ for negative $x$
proper derivation of a functional for a time dependent parameter estimation problem
Solving sparse least squares system with limited memory
Does radioisotope decay affect computer systems?
Is it possible to solve multi-component Euler equations with finite-difference WENO methods?
Linear algebra of the inertial partition algorithm
Find connected circles
Rigid and flexible ZIF-8 framework
BFGS convergence problem
How to compute forces in multi-particle MD
How to measure efficiency of the differential equations solver
What is a good definition of "accuracy to N digits"?
How do you apply boundary conditions in a time-stepping problem?
Union of closed intervals on $\mathbb{R}$
Band structure of nonlinear Schrodinger equation with one dimensional potential
How to solve diffusion equation in Fourier space when mobility is not constant
Nonlinear global optimization algorithm that can use dynamic programming
What is the difference between recursive bisection and direct k-way partition?
Converting mass density to point mass approximation on a grid
Discussing the energy spectrum of Langevin Dynamics simulation of many atoms
How to treat non-linear term in finite difference solution of $T''_x+T''_y+aT^2=0$?
Constrained simulated annealing
What is Chebfun `eigs` doing
Understanding Boundary Condition in FEM
How can I make sure the flow is divergence-free when I use moving mesh?
Vortex Lattice Method: better basis than horse-shoe vortex?
Introducing EigenModes from 2D FEM into 3D FEM
Structural mechanics traction boundary condition question
Obtaining the lagrangian multipliers in an optimization problem
How do 'virtual kinematics/functions' play a role during deriving weak form formulations for physical problems?
Structural mechanics - traction free = Zero displacement gradient?
Computational Fluid Dynamics: Question on a third-order accurate finite difference approximation
Complex Integral Equation Solution in MATLAB
Developping PDE with Python symbolically and numericaly
How to apply an integrated constrain condition in FEM?
Simulating Stokes flow with an obstacle
Numpy attributes not recognized in Numba
How to calculate $\arg(z_1z_2\cdots z_n)$ to minimize results error?
Dealing with non-physical negative ODE solutions using ODEPACK
Is reduced stiffness matrix positive definite too?
Approximation diameter 2-dimensional space
How to calculate/derive analytic FEM Newton Jacobian
Multithreading determinant computation of a Big Matrix
Find a vector B that minimizes |W-A*B|
Radiation boundary condition (heat transfer)
Why naively chopped finite difference matrix works for different ODE boundary conditions
Proper boundary conditions for potential flow around cylinder
Matlab backslash reordering algorithm
Is the 1D wave equation analytically solvable for a Neumann BC?
Inverting a transition matrix with small grid size
Optimal algorithm choice for mixed diagonal/dense problem
When numerically computing eigenstates during a coupled-mode-space NEGF calculation, do phases matter?
Solving 2D Schrodinger Equation with ARPACK: Can I ensure all eigenvectors have the same phase?
functional second derivative
FEM problem: how to get a feeling for size of problem
Obtainting KKT for QSDP for the trace inequality constraint
Comparing Algorithmic complexity, ODE Solvers (Big O)
Computing the Ising Model for NiO
Analysis and numerical methods for PDEs arising in industrial problems
Saddle point formulation and minima
scaling in discretized PDE system
Is the time step size of a Rosenbrock method for stiff systems iteratively calculated?
Why do higher order finite elements (Q2) do not perform well for large Peclet number flows, as compared to Q1 finite elments?
(Approximate) Incremental Projection Method for Navier-Stokes equations
Matrix vector multiplication performance
Finding integer/lattice points (coordinates) inside a polytope/polyhedra?
MA57 vs HSL_MA57: symmetric indefinite solvers
Stability of different quadrature rules in 1st-kind Volterra integral equation
Finite volume piecewise linear 2D advection develops instability
Combine Hydrodynamics and Electromagnetics
Knapsack problem with fixed number of elements?
Kernel-based differentiation
Continuum removal algorithm in python
Polynomial Interpolation with Matlab polyfit
Quantifying the degree of nonlinearity in a heat transfer problem
FFT Poisson Solver for non-uniform grid
Error propagation through an FFT
standard directory for compiling scientific libraries
Numpy.polyfit with regularization
Element-wise thresholding a low-rank matrix in O(n) time?
Do there exist low-storage Runge–Kutta methods with an order larger than four?
Conservation violation in axisymmetric Diffusion Equation
Can Mallat's pyramidal algorithm be extended to non-power of 2 input sizes?
How to construct Diffusion Wavelet Packets?
What could be causing multi-dimensional numerical integration inconsistency?
Interpolation estimates for $H^1$ into $P_1$
What is the complexity of calculating K-th largest real part eigenvalue of non-normal sparse matrix
Solve $Ax=b$ repeatedly where $A$ is a sparse weighted Laplacian matrix with changing weights
Software for easy spherical coordinate plotting from data file
Periodic boundary condition in solid
Methods and tools to solve the two-temperature model (TTM)
Finite difference for 2nd order ode $y'^2+y y''+\frac{2}{x} y y' -0.1 y^2=0$ with $y'(1)=0$ and $y(1)=1$
Delaunay triangulation for datasets with four or more co-circular points
Find combinations of variables with variable bounds to get summed up to a required value (using Python)
1D irregular interpolation with $O(1)$ or $O(\log(N))$ evaluation
Finite difference for computing gradients at face in finite volume code
Converting acceleration over time to velocity or speed in code
Finite difference method for the electric field of the electron gun
Nédélec Elements and Newton-Methods
Finite volume software packages
Potential gain - Matlab vs C/C++ - assembly and eigenvalues
how to calculate the determinant of a projection of matrix to a subspace
Find classical solution of transport equation with FDM
Runge-Kutta timestep in atomic units
implementation of a simple SPH example
Iterative camera calibration - No convergence
Free access to Xeon Phi clusters
Finite difference method basic implementation on Octave
Backward stable algorithm to get orthogonal projection onto the column space of a matrix
LAPACK non-convergent eigenvalue algorithm for complex but not double matrix
Recommended language/environment for large scale semi-continuous biological models
Crank–Nicolson method for nonlinear differential equation
Parallel compact schemes using the Parallal Diagonal Dominant (PDD) algorithm
Supernodal vs multifrontal factorizations
Multi-point axisymmetric boundary condition for Euler equations
Is there a software package for Quantum Monte Carlo estimation of the exchange correlation functional?
Convergence of Gauss quadrature for a discontinuous function
MATLAB Matrix Multiply Efficiency
Anyone who knows fine neural network code or module for python?
Speed and accuracy of Strassen vs Winograd matrix multiplication algorithms
Sequential Quadratic Programming for Quadratically Constrained Quadratic Programs
Finite-volume method applied to a particular advection equation
Discontinuous Galerkin method VS Continuous Galerkin method Degrees of freedom
Matrix factorization empty rows and columns
What is a performant clustering algorithm for approx 10,000 vectors of approx 30 dimension?
Eigenvalue problem (LAPACK)
How can I solve the wave equation for a circular rod in cylindrical coordinates using finite differences?
Large-scale almost-linear optimization
Meaning of "points where the first- and second-order optimality conditions fail"
surface triangulation to boundary representation
On which software can I simulate landmass collisions?
Help understanding this numerical surface integration technique?
Optimization of a blackbox function
Non-linearities in modal analysis of flexible beam
Validating a Markov chain and Bagging to find overall model
Nonlinear Sylvester-Like Equation
Normalizing a density matrix at each iteration
Rotational kinematics problem @ $\theta = 0$
Deriving weak form of a set of scalar equations
Rank filter on an nXm array using python
Are the No Free Lunch Theorems Useful for Anything?
Ways to speed up solving an LP with Google's ortools
Finding "hidden" subassemblies: Suggestions for algorithms
General understanding of Intel MKL, threads and MPI
Use of multidimensional FFTW and normalisation factor
temperature profile on axial direction of a chamber
Implementation details for high order IMEX methods by Kennedy and Carpenter
Solving linear elasticity equations for a cantilever problem
Mass conservation in 1d diffusion by method of lines
Second derivative in coordinate invariant form
Huge accelerations in plasma simulation
Initial conditions for pendulum Jerk equation
How to do a Generalized Complex Schur (or QZ) Decomposition with Eigen C++?
Solving a cubic equation in Python using fsolve - only one root is obtained
Taylor expansion of error - Finite elements approximation
Adaptive gradient descent
Stabilizing online average calculation
Optimization of a blackbox function with an equality constraint?
Solving a system of quadratic equations in Python
Fitting 2D mapping data from multiple measurements
Simulation of surface tension-dominated interfaces
How to account for the interface between two different phases in a discretized diffusion model?
Discretization used for steady linear elasticity - followup to previous question
Non-reflecting boundary conditions for compressible Navier-Stokes equations
Stable Method of orthogonal projection onto a subspace with the help of Moore-Penrose inverse,
Obtaining a feasible solution for underdetermined system of linear equations satisfying inequality constraints
Why does multithreaded code Segfault in 64-bit but not 32-bit
LAPACK zlapmt_ freezes code
Fabry-Perot Interferometer with Frequency-Dependent Refractive Index
overlapping additive schwarz
Where can an undergraduate go to find cores on a budget?
Computation of the heat kernel from Brownian motion
Efficient evaluation of $BQ^{-1}B^T$ (Domain Decomposition Implementation)
Kronecker product of matrices
Trying to solve a wave-like equation
Integrating a nonlinear ordinary differential equation
Physical data for heat equation
Interpolate the orbital coordinates of an object using coordinates and velocities vector
Questions about iterative projection methods in Saad book
Mean-squared displacement in Monte Carlo studies
Defining dimensionless tempearture for Periodic flow systems
Algorithm to construct all distances of a system described by $3N-6$ distances
Which iterative method and preconditioner from petsc should be used when solving linear algebra in parallel?
Which python library for GPU sparse linear system solver library
Can redundant variables be beneficial for root-finding convergence
Apply flux-limiter to nonlinear hyperbolic equation
SnappyHexMesh and multi stl geometry
Nystrom approximation of SVD for asymmetric matrices
Unphysical Behaviour Characteristic-Wise WENO5-Z
How to report non-monotonic runtimes in convergence plots
Radially symmetric system of PDEs in deal.II
Jump-Diffusion process: practical solver beyond Euler method?
What is the inverse Laplace transform algorithm that is most accurate given the fewest frequencies considered?
Procedure to identify characteristic properties of unknown functions in a DAE model
Detect all "visible" points on a triangulated surface
Finite difference time domain and dynamic permittivity
Don't we care about the numerical diffusion in the diffusion term?
How would one solve the wave equation using the finite element method?
reduced system: primal-dual interior point method for nonconvex constrained problem
Approximation to Solution of a Linear System of Equations
Levenberg-Marquardt for root-finding: just square the function?
Convergence rate assesment in space/time
Alternatives to Newton-Raphson for nonlinear elasticity via finite element
Modifying solution of system of linear equations
Can I expect reasonable results when expanding in scaled Legendre polynomials?
Conservation in finite element codes
Use SLEPc from Matlab
Monotone, monotonicity preserving, LED, TVD, NVD, bounded, stable and stability preserving discretization schemes
Confirmation of FSAL property for IMEX methods by Kennedy and Carpenter
What is the fastest method to invert millions of matrices?
Exploiting patterns in matrix for efficient matrix-vector multiplication
Numerical integration of a quadratic form exponential in two variables over a rectangle
Meaning of a symbol in a research paper
Problems with deriving an equation for a finite-difference scheme given in the journal paper
Genetic Algorithm: Need some clarification on selection and what to do when crossover doesn't happen
Simulation of a complicated projectile motion
CPU and GPU influence on task parallel execution performance
How to define the derivative for Scipy.Optimize.Minimize
Left eigenvectors using ARPACK
C++: Efficient library for dense linear algebra operations (determinant & principal minors)
Numerical Lax-Wendroff scheme order of convergence on Burgers equation
Magnetostatic modelling Radia: Increasing distance between magnets a produces positive force until a certain point, beyond which force goes haywire
Linear constraints for L-BFGS-B
What is the most appropriate derivative free optimization algorithm
fitting exponential versus exponential w/ power
Making difference of log constraints convex
How to directly compute the inverse of an ill-conditioned dense matrix
Can we simulate rigid body motion using finite element analysis?
How does the MADS algorithm work in practice
finite differences on a slanted grid --- advection diffusion equation
Physics Simulation in C++
Calculation of the EFIE integral
combinatory exploration c++
How to preserve or recover states meanings in canonical state-space realizations
Open source implementation of Multiscale Combinatorial Grouping
Stokes flow around rigid body
Applying Neumann boundaries to Crank-Nicolson solution in python
Efficiently finding all (x,y,z) points within certain distance of point P
Using least squares for computing gradients
Compute mesh of the projection of a 3D surface triangulation
Wanting an explanation of the variables in Iterative PCA algorithm
What does "symplectic" mean in reference to numerical integrators, and does SciPy's odeint use them?
Why would someone use empirical sum instead of numerical integration methods?
Apart from initial discontinuities, what is tricky about neutral DDEs?
What is the fastest way to solve Ax=b (subject to constraints and an absolute term)
Finite differenced eigenvalue prob. of inhomogeneous boundary conditions?
Numerically solving a PDE on an unit tangent bundle
Performing a random walk on a lattice that traps the particles
Padua-type pointset for functions singular on line $x=y$
Discretization Error amplification instead of stagnation to machine precision
Nonlinear least-squares solvers vs. generic minimization
Numerical analysis: Chebyshev coefficient representation error
Defining a soft constraint in cvxpy
How we can use CUR decomposition in place of SVD decomposition?
How to Solve Optimisation Problems using Penalty Functions in Python
Implementation of a ratio with a well-defined limit
Expanding Winding Number algorithm to arcs
treating "almost linear" nonlinear least-squares problems
Test on a set of high degree polynomials whose coefficients in {-1,0,1}
Implementing no-flux boundary condition reaction-diffusion PDE
Global truncation error behavior at fixed time step
Neumann boundary condition FD implementation for instationnary diffusion equation
References in Scientific Computation for a Computer Science Undergrad?
Weighted Monte Carlo Integration
Finite Element Stabilization for Drift-Diffusion/Advection-Diffusion Equations
Computation of residual error indicator in adaptive mesh refinement (FEM)
fourth order Poisson iterative solver --in Matlab
Efficiency of parallel direct linear solver
Closed boundary conditions in finite difference method for diffusive-advective equation
Jacobian Elements for Coupled Drift-Diffusion System using Vertex-Centered Finite Volume
Traction -> stress; stress->displacement gradient
Solving numerically a linearized system of elliptic (?) Navier-Stokes equation (Shallow Water Derived)
Proving solution existence and uniqueness of the Helmholtz equation with Robin boundary conditions with complex coefficients
Time iteration no longer smooth after using scaled units
2D Ising Model, heat capacity decreases with lattice size
Gmsh exporting wrong mesh DATA
Generating a random number based on a numerical distribution function
Acceleration of matrix geometric series
Does the PDE hold at every cell in a FVM mesh?
1D analytical solution vs FEM solution for a bar under compression
Looking for a version of DSDP that is less prone to integer overflows than the original
bit-packing and compression of data structures in scientific computing
Solve $A^{-1} b$ when one column is replaced
Finding the first N roots of transcendental equation
Integral transformations for isoparametric quadrilateral elements
Distribute sources among destinations
Role of weight function in Galerkin methods
2D reaction-diffusion system simulation
How to numerically minimize a functional?
Numerical Sensitivity in Density of States of Tight-binding model
Three dimensional irregular grid data interpolation to regular grid
Numerical packages to solve Volterra integral equations
Scipy odeint Unexpected Results
Error on a integral quantity with noise
Matrix exponential of a Hamiltonian matrix
Are planar 2nd order NURBS curve segments exactly the segments of conic sections?
Discontinuous Galerkin - Inhomogeneous Dirichlet B.C. for 1D Poisson Equation
Lagrange multipliers in minimization problem with bilinear forms
Non-linear flux interface condition - variational formulation
Structural mechanics simulation using FLUENT compared to analytical solution
How does one calculate reaction force in FEA?
Time complexity of $l_2$-norm of a vector
Conjugate Gradient for non symmetric matrix
normal derivatives where normal vector is ill-defined
Residual norm of PDE discretization: correspondence in the continuous problem?
Methods to implement floor dirt detection algorithm
Data transfer in the context of adaptive mesh in finite element method (FEM)
Solving the diffusion/heat equation for a randomly distributed set of points in 3D
I've developed a derivative-free optimization method, looking for comments
A difference running Gmsh in command line and in GUI for 3-D mesh generation
System of ordinary differential equations - time complexity of initial value problem
Partial diagonalisation of large symmetric positive-definite band-diagonal matrices
For noisy or fine-structured data, are there better quadratures than the midpoint rule?
What are the guidelines for conducting computational experiments?
FE discretisation of normal to displacement vector
Dense decomposition of very non-square matrices
Creating a proper quad-mesh in GMSH for an "I"-shaped geometry
Evaluating an integral numerically at many points
MD Simulation: Reference for the Neighbor's List Method
Are mixed boundary conditions possible in structural mechanics?
Automatic Differentiation - reverse accumulation of linear system solve
FEM-Laplace with Dirichlet in only a few points: Nonsingular operator?
Method of manufactured solutions - choice of type of boundary conditions
Well-posedness of linear elasticity boundary conditions
How to decide on what techniques to adopt in Genetic Algorithm optimization
What is required of the objective function in order to use Gauss Newton method?
second derivative with non-uniform spacing
ODE system with discontinuous right-hand-side
Reordering algorithm for minimization of ram usage of a skyline matrix
Limit to volume change in a discretized mathematical model?
Integration of a diverge function in c++ GSL Library
Iteratively solving a sparse, ill-conditioned system
Looking for a converter of AMPL/GAMS models into C code
Decrease in slope during convergence analysis
Constraints 'exactly/at most one non-zero element' without binary variables
Discretisation of logarithmic derivative: Deriving the formula
Conflicting definition of limit point
Prescribing variables as an excitation in Runge-Kutta method
How to implement Galerkin Method of Lines / FEM with black box integrators in scipy
computing dual matrix trace norm and tensor gradient in python
Operator splitting for 4 subproblems
Can I convert CUDA core to CPU core and use it as cpu core while running any program?
Book Suggestion for Approximating Integrals using Random Partitions
Solve system involving unordered triangular matrix
Is there any robust criteria for this kind of outlier?
How do I check if a loss function can achieve its minimum?
Image hash similarity matching possible?
ill-conditioning
Some proof that linear translations and rotations of a bound-constrained function are equivalent
Are there any drawbacks to using the Method of Manufactured Solutions for convergence testing?
Conservative formulation for compact finite difference schemes
Efficient eigen-decomposition of covariance matrix
What are the names of the variables in the linear system $Ax=b$
How to make supercell of partial occupancies for DFT?
Finite Elements: using preconditioned conjugate gradients with incomplete cholesky decomposition
Fixed point iteration reduction factor
Which free library should I use to perform cutting/clipping operation?
Algorithm for group forming: as individual or in a preformed group
Compare 64gb dd3 ram with 2gb Quadro M1000M gpu on Lenovo P50
Unstructured mesh vs hybrid structured/unstructured for numerical simulations
Algorithm to generate water flow map, given a terrain
Why `import numpy as np` for scientific computing?
Does armadillo library slow down the execution of matrix operations?
Calculating volume of a discretised diffuse interface object
Space covering optimization
Partitioning SPD matrix with METIS to preserve block SPD-ness
reading and processing large GRIB files
PBS: Using different computational resources on different nodes
Finite difference methods for coupled 2nd order nonlinear pdes
Efficient initial identification of solid or liquid domains for a block structured Cartesian grid generation system
Fast Algorithms for the Simplicial Decomposition of a Convex Polytope in N-Dimensions
Problem with 'dsysv' from LAPACK
Why does sparse linear algebra have a low arithmetic intensity?
Getting started with FEM: Ill-conditioned matrix when evaluating flux terms in conservation law?
Nonlinear least square optimization
Boundary conditions in a four point bend test
Efficiently solve linear system with matrix quadratic form
How to simulate thermal expansion in a 2D plane using FEA?
Discrete-time input matrix when one of the eigenvalues of the system matrix is zero
Numerical solution to Time-dependent Schrodinger equation with time dependent hamiltonian
$ A * B $ computation when B is a symmetric matrix in armadillo
Domain for convex perspective function
Parallel integration of dynamical systems
Matrix multiplication accuracy Matlab vs Python
Non-hermitian discretizations in quantum mechanics
Diagonalizing a block tridiagonal Toepliz Hermitean matrix
Quantifying Superiority of Golden Section vs Binary Search vs Brent on Continuous Function
Modeling orthotropic materials with isotropic assumption
Getting started with finite element modelling
Best Possible Convex bounds for optimization problems
How to prevent BFGS from getting stuck on astronomically large gradient?
FMINCON Step Size Tolerance
What good are hard-sphere event-driven molecular dynamics simulations in the face of chaos?
How to use CSDP to express a semidefinite program?
How can I apply Euler's Method to predict a point in time rotating around multiple axis'
Why are the linear elasticity equations referred to as the "equilibrium" equations?
Help debugging finite element solution in nonlinear elasticity
Computing Multivariate Cumulative Normal Distribution
Is large condition number good measure of nearness to singularity for a matrix?
Finding the smallest root of a function on $[0, \infty)$
Transform from linear index of a packed triangular matrix to dense indices
Two variables integration matlab
Von Neumann's stability analysis on non linear and coupled equations
Numerical error of a spectral-domain Poisson solver
Polygon approximation with a circle
Transforming an arbitrary linear program into one with an interior point
Solving a non-linear heat equation with the galerkin method gives negative values
How to solve the inverse problem of least-squares?
PETSc SNES for user defined state
Can I MPI_Test for an Ibarrier
Eigenvalue problems with extremely small gaps
Approximation of a non linear problem with python
Interatomic distance-periodic boundary conditions-non cubic unit cell
How to isolate and test time discretization order of accuracy
General questions regarding stability for time-integration of operator-split PDE systems
Simplest meaningful PDE/FEM calculation for mechanical stress due to heat
Boole's Rule in python
Simple model of Saturn's rings
Nonlinear eigenvalue problem - MATLAB code
Discrete sine and cosine transform for mixed derivatives
Parallelization of FEM calculations
Accelerate computation speed by using a different syntax
Equal area algorithm to find shock location
How is rigid bodies implemented in finite element codes
build a simple incompressible solver with spectral method
Matrix exponential of hermitian matrix with eigenvectors from generalized eigenvalue problem
Is there an efficient algorithm for matching objects in one image to objects in another?
Avoiding divergent solutions with `odeint`? shooting method
Geometric interpretation of lemma
Parallel decomposition of 2D grid with minimal communication
Compute bilinear form with LAPACK
How to numerically transform a 2D Fourier spectrum with arbitrary frequency shift to center frequency?
How to model a non-linear least-squares problem for triangles
A good 2D finite difference for the continuity equation
How to solve the following Frobenius norm-minimization problem?
What is the mathematical and physical principle behind of RBE2 element？
Numerically Recovering Imaginary Part of Analytic Continuation from Real Part
Integrating/Implementing NURBS-related calculations
Which solvers for BVP in python are the best? Is there something better that scipy.integrate.solve_bvp?
Influence of node numbering in a FEM problem?
Why is my simulation of a first-order wave equation not stable?
What is the minimum raw FLOPS that supercomputers need to be included in the Green500 list?
Least Squares with Dense-Block Diagonal Structure
Solvers for Quadratically Constrained Quadratic Programs (QCQP) with complex variables
Symplectic Algorithms for Hamilton’s Equations as opposed to just Volume-Preserving
Is it possible to proof a-b+b = a for all double floating-point numbers?
Review of modern homotopy methods and practical techniques
Comparison between FEM and FDM methods for flow simulations
Error control and sequence acceleration at the same time
What is the finite-difference representation of the Laplacian operator with periodic boundary conditions?
Generate approximately semi-orthogonal tall matrix approximately satisfying constraints
FFT of "implicitly" uniform data
Automatic differentiation of barycentric rational functions
Wanted: smoothing time domain transform
Methods for precise solution of an ODE whose solution terminates at a singularity
Artificial neural networks for Temperature prediction
Computing geodesic distances with diffusion
FFTW on subarray with MPI
why am I not getting a staircase for the rotation number?
Convergence rate Jacobi/Gauss-Seidel with mesh resolution
Numerical solution for eigenvectors and eigenvalues of a Sturm-Liouville problem
Magnetization Vector from XY Model for an AntiFerromagnetic System
Preconditioned residual converges, but true residual doesn't
Poincare map for Arnold-Beltrami-Childress Magnetic Field in Python
What are these oscillations?
Solving Schrodinger equation numerically
K-Means Clustering "Average"?
3D contour mesh computation
Loss of energy when using Roe Solver for solving onedimensional Shallow Water Equations
Convergence of a very large non-linear least squares optimization
Unstable convergence of a Poisson equation
Finite difference Neumann boundary conditions: uneven weighting of edge nodes?
Oscillation term in a posteriori error estimator
Software for finding a minimum vertex cover for a hypergraph
Inconsistency in optimize.minimize
Weighted Set Cover in practice, beyond the greedy algorithm
Effective way to build the neighbor's list in MD
MPI data broadcast or not in C
Ranking Sewer Lines worst to best condition using Genetic Algorithm?
conjugate gradient for Newton's method with non positive definite Hessian matrix
Eigenvalue problem with periodic boundary conditions: Are my eigenvalues correct?
Compute nearly degenerated eigen values and vectors
Integration of the Fermi distribution using Python
How do I interpret the results from MPI_Wtime()?
Analytical testing/quality control for scientific software in professional setting
Barnes-Hut method for gravitational dynamics
What are the things I should keep in mind before doing an analysis of my gromacs simulation?
How "sparse" should a sparse matrix be to see benefits?
Analytical testcase for 2D/3D anisotropic Diffusion (Heat Kernel)
Writing a parallel version of an algorithm. Only which someparts are worth distributing
Understanding design patterns
Calculate forces on atoms from potential energy of system and position of atoms
Polynomial approximation spaces
Demo example for OpenFOAM with CUDA
What Derivative-free optimization method should I use when my initial guess is very good?
Python - Fitting a function to data without using Scipy
Solving linear system of the form $ABx=b$
Matlab parpool on Intel Xeon-Phi (KNL)
Is there Von Neumann stability analysis for 9-point laplacian like we have for the 5-point Laplacian?
Basic approach for numerical solution of PDE
Solve 3-D Heat equation with Neumann boundaries
Finite Differencing schemes for Convection-Diffusion equation
How to calculate $g_r$ when using the cell method algorithm
Finding probability vectors from an implicit equation
Solving PDE implicitly or explicitly depending on stiffness
A reference request for computational plasticity
Simultaneous update to barycenters
Can the Power Method be used here?
When writing a research article, how to deal with deviations from theoretical expectations due to numerical errors?
Cyclic Deconvolution
Should I expect computational gains using a second-order splitting method here?
Uniform dots distribution in a sphere
Solving for a set of coupled ODEs to get correct variable values
How can a CG solver solve a non positive definite sparse matrix
Simulation-based Optimization vs PDE-constrained Optimization
What is a good way to select a small subset (say 50) of items from a large pool of items (say 5 million) while minimizing an objective function?
Why is the test function space in FEM chosen with homogeneous boundary conditions?
Efficient implementation of preconditioners for iterative solvers
Piecewise-Linear Quadratic Optimization for an "Almost Convex" Problem
Why Coercivity is so important in FEM framework?
Cressman interpolation and objective analysis
How to efficiently solve a QCQP with "dynamic" constraints in Python?
How to analyze the dispersion and dissipation of a certain FEM?
C++ library unstructured mesh writer to VTK format (or similar)
What scientific problems can be simulated that couldn’t be simulated 10 years ago?
What is a "good enough" method of assigning values to n variables subject to basic bounding constraints while maintaining relative weights?
How is nonlinear flux interface term assembled for Discontinuous Galerkin method for hyperbolic conservation laws?
Solving a PDE implicitly by iteration in python
Level scheduling of triangular sparse matrices
Derive total energy balance equation from Chapman-Enskog analysis of lattice Boltzmann equation
Identifying the time window at which a meteorological factor influences tree growth the most
How does fmincon in MATLAB calculate gradients?
How can Navier--Stokes equations have asymmetric solutions such as Karman vortex streets
Fast Automatic Differentiation for numpy?
How to transform this SOCP to the format required by cvxopt
Algorithm to find most similar elements in several groups
Is it possible to partition 2D data into bins such that each bin contains the same number of samples?
What does the Jackson Kernel measure?
Recreating this 3D density plot in ParaView
Maintain sorted ring buffer
Does a generic method for solving a system of PDEs exist?
What is the best numerical method for a six dimensional spherical integral?
Calculate partial trace of an outer product in Python?
An invertible matrix that minimizes the norm of the product with a given matrix
Showing date in Paraview's Annotate Time Filter
Benchmark problems for eigenvalue reordering algorithms sought
inertia count sparse matrix with dense low-rank perturbation
How to remove sigularities from 3D Vortex Lattice Method
Stochastic conjugate directions to improve convergence in narrow valleys
Solving an ODE from many starting points
Stability Criteria for Numerical Solution of Windkessel Ordinary Differential Equation
Algorithm for integrating a 6D function in a Morse-Smale 3D cell
Ways to solve $Ax=b$ for a sparse (banded) $A$ with updates
Loading VTK tetrahedron volumes into ParaView
Can a second-order ODE be "inconsistent" with its boundary conditions?
Doubts in genetic algorithm
Methods to compute specific eigenvector components for a tridiagonal matrix
First order methods for a large scale semidefinite program
Method to Efficiently Solve "Centered" Least Squares without centering "A"
Compile-time error control vs. interval arithmetic?
Log-transformation of decision variables in parameter estimation
How write a integration loop in fortran, leapfrog scheme to solvind PDE (advection)?
Use of Morton Key to reduce number of grid points
How to go from turbulent RANS to laminar Navier-Stokes and Euler
Which statistical method should I use for comparing machine run-time of two algorithms?
Plotting or Visualizing a Higher dimensional vector field
Reweighted least squares factorization
Are there any studies on finding cellular automata rules for modeling specific systems?
Use of GPU with respect to CPU
Lost on Matrix Inversion
How are dimension units on openFoam?
openFoam - How to create an intermediate scalar variable and output it?
Convergence rate and complexity for convex minimization problem
Thomas Algorithm Kernel OpenCL
Putting N hard spheres randomly in given volume
Discrepancies between numerical and analytical solution for particle in a finite potential well?
Estimating error at mid timesteps for Runge-Kutta methods
Are there shortcuts for numerically approximating systems of ordinary differential equations when autonomous?
Harmonic average of Diffusion Tensors in Finite Volume Method
How many operations are needed for LAPACK's zgesv to solve a linear system?
Inflow and outflow boundary conditions for advection-diffusion equation
TDMA with 3rd order upwind scheme
The sign of Schrodinger equation
Example of a continuous function that is difficult to approximate with polynomials
Maple: patmatch does not identify patterns inside diff() operator
Efficient numerical optimization of an "almost separable" function
How does density-functional-theory scale with cell size, not with number of electrons
Hartree-Fock Hydrogen Basis Functions
Computing Small Eigenvalues with Sparse Symmetric Indefinite Mass Matrix
Connectivity matrix in Finite Element Method in Triangular elements
B-splines least squares with equality constraints
Integrating direct dynamics form more than 1 second does not give back the correct result
Stabilization parameter for an elliptic equation
How do I find the default ODE solver tolerances in Matlab?
Which SciPy nonlinear solver when Jacobian is analytically known and sparse?
Ordinary differenial equation with numerical right hand side
WENO methods: why the characteristic wise method resulting big errors?
Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse of singular rank degenerate matrix
Multi-steps method for Navier-stokes equations with strongly nonlinear diffusion
Compute outward normal and surface area for 8 noded brick element in FEA
Computing real normal modes from complex eigenvectors
How to access solution to linear system in PETSc?
seminorm of solutions of Laplace equation
Difference between Dishonest Newton method and Very Dishonest Newton method
Rule of thumb for sparse vs dense matrix storage
Plot a multi-variable equation in (discontinuous) regions
Runge-Kutta when time dependence not known
Can a genetic algorithm solve shortest path of light (photons/waves) through different mediums (diamond, glass, water, air) to do raytracing?
Neumann boundary conditions in the Maccormack scheme
Sensitivity Lagrangian solution general case
is it more efficient to use ghosted vector in PETSC for PDE solving on unstructured mesh?
R function or package for carrying out maximum likelihood techniques in random effect models
Memory/speed tradeoff for many small matrix inverses
Combining fluid flow solver based on lattice Boltzmann method with a mechanical deformation solver based on finite element method
Which Linux OS for computer science and numerical analysis
Muller's method is the same as Newton's method with a quadratic interpolating polynomial?
Root finding using Newton's method with quadratic interpolation - Is there a mistake in this textbook?
Calculate accuracy order/rate
Accurate and efficient computation of the inverse Langevin function
Newton's method problem
How many quadrature points should I use?
Kernel independent fast multipole method for Yukawa potential
Euler Method Instability. Why?
Prevent single node spikes in a FEM-simulation (using continuous Galerkin)
finding null space to a complex matrix
How well do explicit Runge-Kutta "tableau" methods compare to the state of the art ODE solvers and when do they fail?
What algorithm does (did?) Excel use for Bessel functions that is discontinuous at x=8?
Taylor-Hood finite hexahedral elements, pressure diverging
Solving a coupled eigen value problem
Term for the typical "linear in the larger dimension, quadratic in the smaller" cost for linear algebra
Purpose of compatibility equations in linear elasticity
Elliptic equation with finite volume and unstructured high order geometry
Finite difference for 1D wave equation: why the spike initial data results in a noisy output?
Splittable and non-splittable flows in the network flow problem
Pivoting in Block LU
Stability Analysis
How to numerically optimize affine transformations?
Converting ROOT Tree to HDF5
Imbalance of variables in Mixing Newton's method and Linear solver for a Non-linear system
Penalization parameter for DG with jump penalization
PML boundary conditions
Nonlinear functional optimization in radial coordinates
What is the difference between Abaqus and Calculix contact input?
How to solve an implicit ODE with forward Euler?
Derive the formula for eigenvalues
Logging vs outputs in iterative optimisation
Efects from the boundary in advection equation
SciPy 3d plotting Integral of $\int x^y dx$ for $y$ in $[-4,4]$
Order of a principal term
MKL/FFTW performance of batch 1-D FFTs
Derivatives of Approximate Matrix inverses
Do I really need to invert this matrix
Solving linear system with matrix multiplication
$L^2$ norm error estimates of conforming FEM about Poisson’s equation with mixed boundary conditions
Integer operations vs floating point operations
Inverting small matrices: canned factorization versus explicit formula
Fast and Numerically Stable Pairwise Distance Algorithms
Access optimized data structure for representing integer lattice
Has there been a comparison bewteen SIMPLE/SIMPLER and JFNK for steady CFD?
Randomized Submatrix of a Sparse Matrix
Detecting structures (blood vessels) in MR images
Solving electrostatics Poisson equation with Intel MKL routines
Why does Newton's method with Linear Equality Constraints use KKT condition?
Where can I find sample data for large linear programming optimization problems?
What equation should I fit this set of data points to?
Guaranteed equality between binary results with increasing MPI processes
Exact Riemann solver for perfect gas mixture: problem with Newton's method convergence
Roe Riemann solver for perfect gas mixture
Computational cost comparison of DNS and SPH
Calculate xyz velocity vectors for circular orbit
Techniques to remove a function from Levenberg-Marquardt when it is against box constraints
why I cannot find explicit finite difference for elliptic equation
GPGPU/FPGA programming for Combinatorial Analysis
How does the QR algorithm applied to a real matrix returns complex eigenvalues?
Good C++ optimization library for BFGS
Slightly change two vectors to satisfy a constraint
Nonlinear least squares when some parameters are linear
Finite differences for the one-phase Stefan problem
How to find a good preconditioner to the system $(A^T A + \lambda I) x = A^T b$?
Compute affine transformation between two sets of points
Factoring the sum of two matrices
Step-size selection for an Trapezoidal Method ODE solver (ode23t)
Modeling Diodes in Autodesk CFD
Numerically solving a partial differential equation
Relation of Condition of a Matrix and Convergency
Uniformly sample a point per polytope
Solving Compressible Euler in Primitive Variables with Galerkin P1 FEM
Numerical solution of two coupled nonlinear eigenvalue problems
Recommended visualization tools for higher order finite element solutions?
Nature of stationary points of a Lagrangian fuction
Thermal stress to displacement through finite volume method
Double potential well with Python
How good are current implementations of rand() in C?
Element Preconditioner
How to simulate basic semiconductor models using the Drift-diffusion model on Python?
what is Sherman-Morrison formula
Wrong result of 'ddot' from BLAS
Libraries to deal with unstructured grids
ODE: should Euler implicit be more accurate than Euler explicit for a given computational step?
Numerical stability while modeling wave equation in staggered grid
Method to find PDE equation coefficient satisfying mean solution?
FEM 1D poisson substitution integral issue
Custom exponents for Lennard Jones in LAMMPS
Multigrid preconditioner for conjugate gradient methods
How do I integrate a function defined over an arbitrary area?
Why is the method of im2col with GEMM is more efficient than the method of direction implementation with SIMD in CNN
Matrix Representation of a Discretization for a Partial Differential Equation
Semi-Definite relaxation of non-linear constraint?
Factorize laplacian in terms of first derivative matrix
Numerically solving a system of parabolic PDEs and 1st order ODEs
Fast calculation of $A^T B$
Elliptic PDE: Proving that a 2nd order accurate discretization of the 2nd derivative of the unknown is 2nd order accurate for the unknown itself
Approximate the largest simplex in N-dimensional Delaunay triangulation
Computational complexity of Newton's method
Why the MIRACLE of Lanczos/CG-like?
Lower bound for bilinear form in FEM
Smallest circumscribed circle in spherical geometry
Minimum axis aliged bounding box of convex polytope
Asymptotic error of forward Euler
Shooting method implementation
Fast matrix multiplication with matrix elements computed on-the-fly (without forming the matrix)
sum of absolute difference constraint in optimization problem
Why do stabilized formulations for the Navier-Stokes equation maintain the convergence rate for high order polynomial interpolation?
Mass matrix and BDF time integration
Solving multiple linear programs with same constraints but different objective
A Bound for the inverse of the sum of identity and triangular matrix
Grid dependence of a numerical model
Guide for finite-difference schemes for Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman Equations
Is it possible to obtain a 'relaxing lengths' for 8 node hexaedral element
Defining a condition number and termination criteria for Newton's method
Minimize cost with Levenberg-Marquart method
Applying neumann boundary conditions to diffusion equation solution in python
Condition number of matrix and effects of round off errors
Writing parallel code for molecular computation
Impose Neumann Boundary Condition in advection-diffusion equation 1D
Improving convergence of Jacobi iteration to Schur form
Improve optimization speed for a set of similar problems: Quadratic programming with a warm start
tea bag flavors mixing algorithm
Strain from FEM simulations to strain gauge measurements
1+x not backwards stable?
Are there known accuracy issues between 2D axisymmetric and 3D solutions?
2d wave equation with finite differences blowing up
Finite element convergence rate and possion's ratio
How to find the nearest/a near positive definite from a given matrix?
Solving advection equation - periodic conditions - using roll python function
Finite Group (Non-)Isomorphism
Where does the seemingly official number of certain algorithms come from?
Is there any open-source code for a hybrid 2D mesh (triangles and quadrilaterals)?
Numpy: How to permute array into indices of larger array?
Is steady linear elasticity inherently ill-conditioned?
Gmsh for 3D volume with inclusions
What's a time centered Riemann problem?
Scipy Two-point Boundary value Problem
Mapping derivative information in uniform to non-uniform grid
Given co-ordinates of 8 vertices, how to calculate the outward normal and surface area for each face of a irregular hexahedron?
Identify the components of the (weak form) PDE in structural mechanics
Is this a knapsack problem?
Operation count for GMRES
Comparing sum of floating points
Algebraic recursion of Hermite polynomials in SymPy
Changing the domain of a 3D Finite Difference code from cube to sphere
Solve system of polynomial equations with Python
Numerical solution of non-linear first order partial differential equation (HJB)
Nonlinear least squares and regularization
Checking positive definiteness on a hyperplane
Implementation of the Jacobian-free Newton method
Average value divergence in spectral method for Poisson equation
Numerical stability of higher order Zernike polynomials
Any way to avoid catastrophic cancellation when computing the discriminant of a quadratic function?
Can LINCS algorithm be used for colliding molecules?
How to cope with the following singularity
Is there a numerically stable way to take $\epsilon \rightarrow 0$ in integrals of the form $\int \frac{f(x)dx}{x+i\epsilon}$?
Condition number of two perburbation matrix regarding limit and quadtrature integration rules
Parallel assembly of matrix
Determine conditions on parameters (for consistency) on RK method $y_{n+1} = y_n + ha_1f(t_n,y_n) + ha_2f(t_n + b_1h, y_n + b_2hf(t_n,y_n))$
Solution of constrained system of ODEs
Why is it assumed that $c_i = \sum_{j=1}^sa_{i,j}$ in the butcher tableau of a RK-method?
Nonlinear system with diagonal nonlinearity
Analytical solution of 1D advection -diffusion equation
How to find two points within defined region in this constrained optimization problem?
Discrete-time Algebraic Riccati Equation (DARE) solver in C++
How to implement register blocking for 3D finite-difference stencil computations
Given a list of intervals, find region that is contained by the largest number of those intervals
Rudin lecture -- if f(x) is not integrable on some interval, does it not have a Fourier Series expansion on that interval?
Wrong results for $2$ stage multistep method $y_{n+2} - y_n = h\left[(1/3)f_{n+2} + (4/3)f_{n+1} + (1/3)f_n\right]$
Find points that form curve segments in a point cloud
Library for solving multidimensional (n > 3) hyperbolic PDE systems
Question about strange outputs from the CVXPY solver
Radiation heat transfer between surfaces
Memory and time requirements of the scipy sparse spsolve
Golub-Kahan-Lanczos Bidiagonalization Procedure implementation doesn't produce bidiagonal matrix
Implementing boundary condition
TVD for temporal dicretisation
Step size updating scheme adaptive embedded RK methods
Best software to do big number calculations quickly
Gradient line-search Matlab code gets stuck
Stuck in infinite loop
Solving Vectorial Poisson Equation in FENICS
Simulating Brownian motion in 3-D for first hitting time?
Analytical Solution of Transport Equation
Gradient ascent method with a constant step size?
Does quantum espresso and VASP use same same self-consistent-field procedure?
Finite difference - Explicit / Implicit / Crank Nicolson - Does the implicit method require the least memory?
Binary tree for 2 elements
Software for cellular automota
Python Finite Difference Schemes for 1D Heat Equation: How to express for loop using numpy expression
Derivation of backward differentiation formulas(BDF)
DFT of $g(\omega) \exp(i C \omega^2)$. How to do it ,if uniform sampling requires too much memory?
coupled equations with finite difference method
How does a stiff equation solver work?
Gmsh: Recombine 2D in script file or command line
Is this a form of stochastic gradient descent?
Quadrature methods for peaky integrands
Efficient root finding algorithm for monotonic function
Block matrix and DSYRK
Analytical convergent sequence and numerical divergent sequence
Best way to numerically compute elliptic integrals of the third kind with complex arguments?
Computing the Inverse of a matrix, using the Cholesky decomposition
Computing a Flux Integral in Paraview
How to simulate water, falling under gravity, and impinging on a curved surface, which is kept/present in a domain, containing air?
C standard for computational science
Generate high n quantum harmonic oscillator states numerically
$H^1$-convergence rate of finite element method for Poisson equation, depending on element order
In-exact line search
Determining the pseudo-time period of a system of $n$-pendulums via Kane's method in Python
Approximation of ODE solution using Taylor series methods
How to compute large condition number of a matrix in Python?
Formulate and solve a simple conic programs in cvxpy language
Hydrogen-like wavefunction as starting guess for atomic solver?
Is this the correct way for solving coupled 1d PDEs using finite difference methods?
Langevin Thermostat and overdamped Langevin Equations
Can I take advantage of a nearly banded A in AX=b?
Nullspace calculation of large matrix with rational numbers without round-off errors (exact)
Speeding up the solution of a large set of nonlinear algebraic equations in `sympy`
WENO5 scheme in a staggered grid
Numerically find the nearest positive semi definite matrix to a symmetric matrix
Correct weighting in least squares fitting
Finding Duplicate Pixel/Objects along Image seams
Which C++ linear algebra library is probably the fastest on solving huge sparse [square matrix] linear system?
Unusual boundary conditions on Matlab
Minimize a function with sparse Hessian
Correct order of convergence
Relation between conjugate gradient method and finite elements method
Lack of quadratic convergence in Newton's method
Poorly conditioned, easily evaluated sum for unit testing
How to generate a face list from vertices?
How I could calculate L2 norm of an unstructured grid?
Node renumbering in a 2D mesh
Size of jump for piecewise discontinuous approximations
Numerical integration of Fokker-Planck equation allowing for negative drift?
How to choose the parameters for a collision free comet trajectory
Heat diffusion - Is this the correct approach to include Newmann boundary conditions?
Debugging Newton-method used in a CG-approach
Visualizing a trajectory in VMD
What is the reason that LAPACK uses $\tau$ in QR decomposition (instead of normalizing the reflection vector)?
ISING2D with Mathematica. Searching a correct way to compute the heat capacity (mean values over several iterations)
C++ Best practices for dealing with many constants, variables in scientific codes
Solving a Hadamard + Linear System
SLATEC Routine Computes Givens Rotation in Unexpected Way
Find the roots of a complicated polynomial
calculating integral for an ODE system
How to choose a python parallelization library?
Can OpenFoam be used for interactive simulations (flying a plane)?
Condition number of a matrix
Conjugate gradient - ill-conditioning and numerical tolerance
Compute a Boltzman partition function
SDE solver in python: manual determination of integrator step size (dt)
Asymptotic Complexity of Gaussian Elimination using Complete Pivoting
Eigenvectors associated to two quasi-degenerate eigenvalues
Load the mesh file with boundary marks
How can I coarsen a mesh in Gmsh when 'Mesh options' include 'Refine by splitting' but nothing about coarsening?
Projection onto the set of Orthogonal matrices
Numerical solving Lotka-Volterra ODE in R
numerical solution of an under-determined linear equation in high dimensions
Unexpected solutions solving an ODE using odeint
Normalization of polynomials for discontinuous Galerkin methods (DGM)
Numerical analysis, pivoting and incomplete LU decomposition
Node re-numbering in 1D mesh GMSH
How to reorder/cluster adjacency matrix to maximize the interaction along the super diagonal?
Piecewise-linear Continuations vs Marching Squares/Cubes
Domain transformation squashing interior quadrature nodes into boundary
A robust algorithm to sort a non-convex polygon vertices
Minimizing the used memory in diffusion simulation using Python
Is Highams' computation of mean worth the price?
Simple way to store/read data from file in C++
Number of $S_n$-orbits in $P^k(\{1,\dots,n\})$
Finding Matrix inverse with LU and repeted left division calls
Open Source Packages Implementing Continuous Wavelet and Scaling Functions
Research articles on MultiObjective Non-Linear Programming (MONLP)
Vehicle Route assignment with capacity constraint
Simplification of an optimization objective
Finite Element Model of Euler-Bernoulli Beam Theory with Isoparametric Element
Smoothness regularisation of a 2D field on a triangular mesh?
Finding exact rational solution to linear integer equations in Matlab
How does one do electrodynamics simulations in SU2?
OpenCV: How to get the "rectified" fundamental matrix?
Open source multiphysics software that can model the interaction of two insulators with a user-specified electrical force law?
Is there an optimization scheme/algorithm that converges, for this non-convex scenario but with some special properties
Discretization Neumann boundary condition
TMZ TME modes, clarification
PDE discretization on triangular domain
projective reconstruction from orthogonal views
Do there exist "frameworks" as to how computational scientific experiments claim validity? Scientific method for computed science?
Minimizing the ratio of two specific non negative quadratic convex functions
Minimize squared error of linear function
Imposing zero mean condition in FEM
Combining multiple coupled 1st order equations in python
Adam Bashforth 4 method: how to determine starting values and stil keep the the order of accuracy
Dirichlet boundary conditions in generalized eigenvalue problem
Non linear Parametric BVP with inequalities
Discrete maximum principle for discretized ODE
Algebraic multigrid for complex valued matrices
Mass Matrix and how to handle it (ODEs) - References
Ordering points from X Y coordinates
Cardinal B-Splines with derivative information
Mixed formulation in 1D
public solvers for the time-dependent Schrödinger equation?
Structural Analysis Library
Cost functions to judge time/memory/accuracy tradeoffs
fastest linear system solve for small square matrices (10x10)
Area and volume of P2 elements
Boundary Conditions involving exponential functions of nodal unknowns
Finite element method for Surface integrals using polar coordinates
Structural boundary conditions - rotational/translational DoFs and displacement/tractions BCs
Finite volume discretization of non-conservative linear hyperbolic equation
What is the name for this type of constraint?
Why is the FVM traditionally used in CFD, and FEM in computational structures?
Detecting blocks in non-linear system of equations
Actual global error vs theoretical global error: How to combine theory with practice
Non-parametric models as solutions to Partial Differential Equations
Parallelizing FEM for elliptical PDEs with n >1
What to call an analogous limiting reagent?
Find a solution of large system of inequalities
How do I get power from gaussian beam numerically?
Fast evaluation functions given by straight-line programs
Incorporating a potential barrier in a wave-packet simulation (Fourier Transform method)
Want to make sense of array dimensions in logistic regression algorithms
Harmonic oscillators with periodic boundary conditions
LAPACK equivalent on c++ , which is the best one?
Finite Element - Flux Calculation
Right-preconditioning and fixed point linear iterations
MATLAB: Faber approximation of the matrix exponential to solve Liouville-von-Neumann equation
Richardson's Iteration, Gradient Method and Spectral Radius
How to choose metrics for evaluating classification results?
Algorithm to determine flat surfaces and camera orientation without specialized hardware
Access PETSc data in totalview?
What are the major differences between GMRES and FOM?
Does adaptive Gauss-Kronrod reuse function evaluations?
How to subtract two non-closed surfaces from each other in VTK or ParaView?
Linear elasticity modeling load using traction vs. mixed BC
Python sequence cluster exercise
Grid Data Interpolation
MATLAB: Compute the Schwarz-Christoffel transformation symbolically
Elliptic PDE finite volume method with Dirichlet boundary condition
Constraining the total volume in Finite Element Methods
Optimization techniques for expensive multi-variable functions
Existence and uniquness of solution of FVM for Poisson equation
Solve multi-dimensional optimization problem using basinhopping
Product of rank one updates as a low rank update for quasi newton/BFGS
Solver for generalized eigenvalue problem with multipoint constraints
Finding the $i$-th largest eigenvalue of a matrix
Assessing numerical error in solving a least squares problem
How to write in paper the equations given by splinefit?
How to make a less diffusive code to solve 2D advection equation?
What is ABA and BAB schemes when talking about numerical integrators
What does the exponential function mean in numerical ODE solving formulas?
Can ARPACK exploit hermiticity when diagonalising a complex matrix?
Examples of problems that cannot be formulated as optimization problems
Efficient approach for solving matrix plus diagonal matrix system that varies in time
Paring Large Numbers Question
How can I maximise orthonormality between degenerate eigenvectors using ARPACK?
Determine truncation error of PDE discretization
Non-linear Boundary Value Problem. How to compute the Jacobian?
Gaussian Elimination Using Fortran
Is open foam Mac version compatible with Linux version
Discretizing a parabolic PDE with finite volume method
Problems with python's interp 2D
Translating grid with extrusion speed
Overrelaxation with w < 0
Visualization of 3D streamlines in ParaView
Advection-Diffusion by using Lattice Boltzmann Method, Is it practical for engineering applications?
Creating an Interpolation of a w = f(x,y,z) function
3D Tollmien-Schlichting Waves Imposed in a Channel Flow (Are Physics correct?, etc)
Efficient covariance matrix calculation MATLAB (every combination of rows from data)
Biconvex problem whose objective function depends on only one variable
convex atomic function reformulation to meet concave dcp rule requirements
Connection between piecewise linear basis functions and RELU activation function
Interpolation of function onto mesh gives different results, depending on mesh density
Can I use the Schur basis returned by ARPACK in a restart capacity?
Numerical solution to N-dimensional diffusion on simplex?
What will PDE discretization matrix look like for time and space?
Analytic vs discrete understanding of PDE
Whittaker-Shannon interpolation: Accuracy dies with speedup; can it be fixed?
Finding Maximum Value of CST Parameterization over an interval
Oscillations when solving parabolic heat equation with FTCS
Approximation Error in a Finite Difference Approximation of the Square of Derivative
Stability of PDEs
How to numerically calculate the transition dipole integral in periodic systems?
How to compute 16 different simulations on parallel with pbs script on the same machine
Scipy basinhopping custom step update and constrained looping
Is there a better way to do run time analysis than this?
Error for the finite differences scheme -- Advection equation
Solving differential equation in Python with variable coefficients (I just know the coefficients numerically)
What is the state of the art in solving stiff initial value problems?
Imposition of Dirichlet BC for Fourier pseudospectral in this paper
Advantages and disadvantages of space-time finite element methods
Formulation of the least-squares parameter estimation problem
Numerical integration in Python with unknown constant
High-accuracy numerical differentiation
Optimize multivariable function with interdependent variables
Clustering with points lying along different 3D planes
Determine image of hypercube under linear map
Use of non-typical values of $\theta$ in theta-methods
How do I solve the matrix equality constrained optimization problem using Lagrangian multipliers?
Instability in Lattice Boltzmann Solver
Need help applying Implicit Eulers Method together with Newtons Method on Burgers' Equation
Why the numerical solution of advection-dominant problem is challenging
What's the minimum step size that can be used in Euler's method before it becomes unreliable?
A fast way to check if a Matrix is ill-conditioned, and turning it into well-conditioned
Properly sizing ParaView plots for LaTeX
Is a symmetric bilinear form necessary to ensure a weak formulation has a solution?
extrapolation/interpolation in fmincg.m
How to improve the efficiency of periodicity detection for long time based lined and gapped datasets
Finding second excited state of Schrödinger equation with secant Runge Kutta method
Is there a name for this integer linear optimization problem?
Good C, C++ library for efficient grid search / tuples, ideally with bindings to Eigen
How to obtain and form a 1st order differential equation for leapfrog integration from second order one in this example of coulomb drag
Weak scaling for N-body simulations
CFL equation for non-linear equation
Solve ODE with non-negative and maximization constraints
How to obtain linear tridiagonal system from PDE
Simplest way to precondition Uzawa iteration
How to efficently plot a finite element mesh solution with matplotlib
Nonlinear conjugate gradient with orthogonality constraint
Time sampling changes solution
Computing any element of the null space of a singular matrix
Parameter estimation using shooting method
Boundary conditions for solving the time-independent SE for the hydrogen atom
Numerical methods for the continuity equation with Sobolev vector field
Stability region of explicit midpoint method
Boundary conditions for a Non-linear Schrödinger equation using an extended crank nicolson scheme
How to calculate the geodesic curvature of a discrete 3D curve?
Computing the structure factor from positions and radial distribution function
Parameter estimation using fmincon
FFT solver for the Poisson problem with Dirichlet boundary conditions
Specifying mesh spacing for DFT in numpy
Calculate the Bloch wave
Finding a shortest path in a graph
How to implement adaptive step size Runge-Kutta Cash-Karp?
Why does the correlation function of this stochastic differential equation starts at different points?
Inverse kinematics BFGS divergence
The final Boundary Condition is Unknown, Is Backward Euler is still valid to be implemented?
Cell-segmentation from overstaining images Ask
Which pseudo-inverse to compute when Inverse is not possible? (No linear solve)
Simulating magnetic particles in a field free point generated by two opposing magnets
Positive root of $x^q + bx - b$
How to integrate the contents of a vector using an adaptive quadrature routine
Stability of Crank-Nicolson for $u_t = iu_{xx}+2iu$
Gnuplot: How can I fit a range of points (out of the entire data) to a function?
Gnuplot: How can I determine the maxima of a fit function in gnuplot?
Cover a polygon with least amount of parallelograms
ILUTP in sparse.linalg.spilu?
Time integration of wave equation
Problem of multiplication of big (sparse) matrix with numpy (python)
work/memory ratio for product of two square matrices
Poisson image blending artifacts
Is there a database/website with Butcher tableaus?
Fast Poisson solver (with Dirichlet BC zero) on a *truncated* Cartesian 3D grid
(FEM) Nodes reordering for sparse matrix storing techniques
How to find a pair of divisors as close as possible to each other?
Extracting raw data from a graph
Choose a subset of $m$ columns that maximize $|A^T A|$?
Monte Carlo - Random Walk Simulation - polyfit the log log data points?
Writing python program for Weierstrass function with Monte Carlo
denoting a variable as a matrix using octave syms package
Why do we use hermite interpolation for finite element method in beams?
Dormand–Prince 5(4): How to update the stepsize and make accept/reject decision?
Quadrupole moment for a right triangle
Calculating depth mask from different lighting
Computationally obtaining the convergence rate of upwind scheme for Advection equation
An Upper Bound of $\left<H,X\right>_F$ with Constrainted Rank
Numerical Stability of a Generalized Spatial Discretization Scheme
Split-step Fourier method applied on Schrodinger equation
Convexity of Sum of $k$-smallest Eigenvalue
Bound for Expectation of Singular Value
How to compute the determinant of Hessian of a multivariable function?
Singular Spectrum Analysis Explanation
Augmented Lagrangian Techniques Frank-Wolfe Algorithm [python]
Double mach reflection at a inclined wedge
Numerically solving a non-linear PDE
How can one prove the duality of Voronoi and Delaunay?
Missing something fundamental about condition number estimation
Rank of Hadamard Product with Masked Matrix
Definition of Lagrange nodes in Gmsh
3d vs 2d finite element method
Why would BFGS converge to a local minima of a non-convex function but maintain a large gradient?
PCJACOBI works but the default PCBJACOBI failed in PETSc
Animation using matplotlib
Is there a simple way of implementing dark energy into a n-body simulation?
Solving a non-convex optimization problem using fmincon
Solving $n$ coupled equations numerically in Matlab
How to calculate the analytical solution of linear advection equation with Dirichlet's boundary conditions?
Damped Harmonic Oscillation. Efficient algorithm to find the parameters resulting in threshold oscillation amplitude
Dirichlet boundary conditions in the 1D Heat Equation
User friendly scipy optimize wrapper package?
How to justify using available code (in different language) for comparing algorithms
How to add extra constraints to a linear system for probabilities？
Stability of SVD, Eigendecompositions, and pseudoinverse procedures in modern LAPACK routines
Changing geometry scale breaks simulation
How to use MeshFunction in FEniCS (dolfin)?
Finite difference for a highly nonlinear equation - The wind within the forest
XDMF version 3: how to describe uniform-grid image data?
Dirichlet to Neumann Operator
How to determine the order of convergence of the Euler-Maruyama method?
Time complexity analysis
Good examples of "two is easy, three is hard" in computational sciences
Fast approximate solver for vehicle routing problem
Is saying "math modeling and numerical simulation" wordy and redundant?
Training accuracy improves but test set accuracy remains the same
Creating 3D Mesh from stl files with gmsh
Density functional theory: Total energies and forces
Numerically Approximating the Jacobian and Comparing the Eigenvalues With Analytical Form
Single-variable multimodal derivative-free optimization (for a well-behaved function)
Discretization with non-constant matrix containg entries form unknown vector
Plotting ratings matrix
Second derivative using Fornberg finite difference method
Metis: how to use and tutorial recommendation
How to : numerical integration by quadrature in C language / remove NaN
Online Parameter Estimation using steepest descent
How reproducible are conda environments?
Demagnetizing field using scalar potential method
Is "Gradient Computation" in Finite Volume Discretization Really 2nd order accurate?
Neumann boundary conditions on arbitrary surface for finite difference diffusion
How to solve a 4th order nonnegative LASSO problem?
Strange spectral (finite) element results of a solid plate
Automatic differentiation via ADOL-C and the Heaviside Function
How to efficiently invert $K \otimes M+I_T\otimes \Sigma$?
Is there any explicit symplectic Runge-Kutta method?
Finite dimensional optimization problem over dynamical system
Finding the polynomial for the solution of an ODE
How to show equivalence between two programs?
Forward and backward integration -- cause of errors
Automatic timestep adjustment in a CFD solver
How to check experimental data against a theoretical curve? (Python)
Obtaining integer digits using the GNU Multiprecision Arithmetic Library (gmplib)
Residual value goes to NaN while solving a system of nonlinear equations
Finite difference methods
Plug-and-go Clebsch-Gordan computation in python?
identifying peaks in data
Stokes Equation fails to converge for an ellipse
Relation between Stress/Strain and normal derivative of displacement
Pivoted Cholesky vs Modified Cholesky
CHOLMOD condition number estimate
Chip testing problem
Computing Trajectory Equations of Kerr Geodesics
Compiled c++ code runs much faster with double than float. Explanation?
What are all these functions in FEM? Shape function vs Basis Function vs Trial Function vs Test Function vs Interpolation Function
Accurate way of getting the square root inverse of a positive definite symmetric matrix
Dealing with spurious oscillations in particle tracking methods
Simulating Anderson model, have problem with momentum representation (MATLAB)
Fit exponential convergence
How to do Weierstrass-transform in MATLAB?
Interpolating the gradient of a cylindrically symmetric potential field that's 'supposed to' obey the Laplace equation?
GMRES vs Newton-GMRES for Solving nonlinear PDE's
Numerical evaluation of highly oscillatory integral
What method of Finite difference is this?
Isotropic thermal expansion
Symplectic linear multistep method?
Re-using LU factorization within iterative (?) setup for a sum of two matrices
Compute cell values and isosurface constant from density values of particles
Mathematically, why does mass matrix / load vector lumping work?
Numerically computing deflection due to thermal expansion
How can I implement the Invaded Cluster Algorithm for a network of Ising spins?
Reduce projection error while retaining similar amount of elements in CG-FEM
Computing excited states using itensor (with DMRG)
Testing the SUPG method and other methods for hyperbolic equations
Is there any fundamental difference between meshing for FEM, FVM and FDM?
Solving nonlinear PDE with finite difference based on Newton-Krylov
Execution time of cumulative integral
How to use LAPACK function (DGELSY) in Fortran
Optimization (best input variables search) for a non-smooth non-linear unknown function
Graphing electric potential of a ring of charge using MATLAB help
Blowup of error in Conjugate Gradient method with periodic Dirichlet Poisson matrix
Trouble with creating correct element matrices in Finite Element Analysis for a cantilever beam
Split solution of FEM problem depending on number of DOF
$L^\infty$ stability property of an ODE
Electromagnetism FEM (FEniCS) interpolation - leakage effect
Computing a ratio of exponential functions without overflow issues
Fast and free server for computing
Inverting a matrix from LU decomposition
Python: vectorizing a structured linear system solve
Spectral Element vs Finite Element
Doubt about Python code for calculation of Energy Conditions in General Relativity
Best optimizer for unconnstrained non-convex nonlinear least-square optimization problem?
How to construct an effective preconditioner for this particular problem
Computing face fluxes in FVM
Super Computer cluster service for students
What are systematic ways of approximating a non-smooth (non-continuously differentiable) system dynamic to be n-smooth?
Constraint solver vs Bayesian optimizer for fast discontinuous processes
How to use Wolfe-Powell step-size control in quasi-Newton method?
In iterative methods, are matrix decompositions considered useful for implementation?
Good references for dual-weighted residual (DWR) method for goal-oriented adaptive mesh refinement (AMR)
Numerical evaluation of a Gaussian Integral in Python?
Is it more efficient to capture many constraints in one constraint?
BLAS operation question
How to show the stability of $L^2$ projection?
Solved : Damped spring-mass system, wrong position, correct speed and acceleration
Order of element vs Degrees of freedom of the element
Going back in time in an initial value problem
Geometric Programming - symbolic version
Computing a double Integral using two Riemann sums & graphing multiple isosurfaces
References for the nonlinear reaction-diffusion equation using Finite Element Methods
How to solve the Poisson equation with KINK aligned with mesh facet
Need an example Legendre-Gauss-Radau pseudospectral differentiation matrix or Matlab code
Derivative of Whittaker-Shannon interpolant
Calculate amount of FLOPs for an eigenvalue problem solver
Why does the numerical solution of an ODE move away from an unstable equilibrium?
Whitening transformation does NOT return a unit covariance matrix
GPGPU language for AMD?
Techniques to optimise the integral of a function of known analytical form
Algebraic multigrid for coupled equations
Find shift in high resolution noisy signal if only local argmax data are available
how to estimate the number of people on a street within an hour?
Library for Discontinuous Galerkin method: FEniCS vs deal.ii
maximum eigenvalue across subsamples
A preconditioner for self-consistent iteration
Interpolation vs. Neural network
Kinetic preconditioning
Optimality of block-Jacobi preconditioner
(FEM) 1D time-dependent heat equation convergence problem
Reverse automatic differentiation and integration
Abaqus, ANSYS, and FVM solver for thermal expansion problem converges to different values
Simultaneously maximize and minimize
Why my parallel code using MPI is much slower than the serial one?
DG-FEM integration by parts
Numpy FFT gives me a pulse shorter than it should be. Not sure what I am doing wrong
How to get the derivatives of the determinant and inverse of 2nd-order tensor wrt itself in SymPy?
What are the differences between these different forms of equation?
Stability of hyperbolic PDE and DG-FEM
Is it Grid/Cluster/Cloud Computing? How are those terms defined?
Difference between contraction rate and convergence rate
How to solve $y(x) y'''(x)=f(x)$
How to get started with numerically solving a Stochastic Navier Stokes equation
How is the D value being updated at simple RRT algorithm?
Duplicate Surface Meshes in different Gmsh files
turbulant flow modeling
Complex differentiation of linear solvers
Isosurface extraction when you know the derivatives
Regularized least squares with QR factorization
Why I am not able to generate Levy distribution using inverse transform method on MATLAB?
How to reconstruct a 2D field from its integral?
Langevin equation in 4th order Runge-Kutta
Differentiation Matrix In DG-FEM - Hesthaven/Warburton
How to implement the Impulse Based Dynamics for the rigid body dynamics simulation?
Draw contour line to represent multiple contours
Null space for smoothed aggregation algebraic multigrid
calculation of the right hand side of DG FEM (with code)
difference between PLSA and LDA
bilinear interpolation for large grids
How to perform local sensitivity analysis for partial differential equations
Original paper on the augmented Lagrangian method in FEM
Fast algorithm for computing cofactor matrix
How to optimize sampling for parameter estimation
How to read data from simply formatted text file (c++)?
Algorithm to join hexahedra and obtain outline volume
what does “D = diag(W.1)” means?
contact mechanics in COMSOL
Computer build for scientific or big data computing
OpenFOAM and CFDEM on GPU
Best way of porting code from the GPU to MPI-nodes
Get the roots of a Hermite interpolating polynomial
Should we always expect FEM error plots to be straight lines?
Sequence planning with 3 machines
Strain propagation from surface to bulk in COMSOL
numpy.outer without flatten
Governing equations vs Transport equations
Why does GMRES converge much slower for large Dirichlet boundary conditions?
Is it possible to remesh with gmsh?
least squared optimization
Efficient algorithm to determine the intersection volume of simple convex polyhedra
References to solve system of differential equations which describe the evolution of sandpile surface using the finite element method
WENO scheme on curvilinear coordinates
Integrators for Nonlinear/Stiff PDE
How to set an initial guess for the iterative solver in Comsol?
Shape functions in Euler Bernoulli Beam Equation
How to use Newton-Raphson method to handle nonlinear terms in coupled system of PDEs?
Sparse matrix inversion
How to pass matrices to parallel workers quickly in matlab?
PETSc - Manipulate BAIJ matrix locally
Is it possible to have a career in SciComp without contributing to arms research?
Activation function with special conditions in machine learning
Partial differential equation with convolution integral
Efficient algorithm to decide if a graph is a cactus?
How to make this parfor loop work properly in Matlab?
Tracking channel states using Machine Learning
What will be the impact of quantum computing on existing numerical techniques (e.g. CFD)?
Can Taylor methods be used effectively on stiff ODEs?
How can I solve the matrix optimization problem where denominator and numerator are different?
A non linear ode with boundary conditions at infinity
Universal formulation of adiabatic equations of state in compresible finite-volume simultions
Automatic single point constraint
Find all recurring subgraphs/patterns of maximal size in a single undirected, labeled, connected graph
Term for an small optimisation algorithm used as a subroutine
What's the more efficient way to solve this matrix equation?
Does Boost provide a template implementation of the wedge product?
Numerov method for Schrodinger equation
FDM discretization of equation on the boundary
Getting Extremal Rays of Cone
Check if two points are symmetrics/asymmetrics
Plasma Simulation Software Advice?
Using Kutta Merson on NLS
What is the most efficient way to write 'for' loops in Matlab?
How to set up and solve acceleration-limited trajectory optimization problems?
How to implement this even-odd matrix decomposition efficiently?
What are some good debugging habits for numerical simulation?
Simulate friction arround steady-state point
Change of random variables and check by plot
Good reference on the implementation and limitations of SDIRK methods
Is there any catch on using `zgemm3m` vs regular `zgemm`?
Minimizing a polynomial with millions of monomials
Relation between IPC and number of cores? Which spec mention theis number?
How do multigrid approaches deal with Gibbs phenomenon?
simple example of an adaptive mesh refinement code
Sorting Triangle vertices based on indices for alpha blending (back to front) C++, OpenGL
Is semi-Lagrangian 1D advection identical to upwind Euler, when $|u|<\Delta x/\Delta t$?
Long AMPL model preparation time
Preconditionning for solving a non-linear system of equations with least squares
Regarding Amdahl's balanced system law
Solving a simple Shallow Water model
What is the right way to set up two random tensor fields which have an identical average diffusivity
What is a good library in Python for correlated fits in both the $x$ and $y$ data?
Particle in a 2D box
Minimize number of math operation of a specific matrix vector multiplication?
Dividing Point Cloud into voxels
How to do a Hoshen–Kopelman algorithm in Matlab with periodic boundary conditions?
Find solution to Polynomial Sequences without going through variety in Sage
How to set the errorbars in a different color from the plot in Matlab?
Problem concerning a part of a simulation for the Ising Model
Matrix condition number and reordering
What is this discrete optimization problem called?
Software for parallel incomplete LU factorisation
Controller sensitivity/aim reverse engineering. Acceleration curves, deadlines, etched
Dealing neighbor list in NVT Monte Carlo (MC) simulation
Equi-order in pressure correction schme of Navier-Stokes equation
What is the exponential trick to include laplacian term in Rayleigh-Bernard simulation
Can I use matplotlib to plot the surface of a 3D body?
Are there testing frameworks for numerical software development
Verification on pressure predictor method for CFD code
Coupling 1D-3D problem in FENICS
Why not use the preconditioned residual as termination criterion for preconditioned CG?
How to translate Python infinitely big integer into Cython?
Send Petsc sequential matrix to another MPI rank
A maximization problem, with motivation in machine learning
Solutions in Ngspice do not converge to right value
Data structures of AMR(Adaptive Mesh Refinement) with quadtree
Implementation of boundary conditions for 1D Euler equations
Reducing run time of a numerical calculation using a mex file in Matlab
Doing computations on a very large numpy array: streaming the calculation vs out-of-core memory
An optimization method for bounding the eigenvalues of a unknown non symmetric matrix
What is the best methodology for physics simulators of large floating base rigid body systems?
Is there a library that allows einstein summation on dense, sparse, and LinearOperator type tensors
Pseudospectral method for Rayleigh-Benard with constant temperature gradient
Approximate $\|\Delta f\|^2_{L^2(\Omega)}$ in finite element context
Numerical calculation of Integral of Si(x)/x
matplotlib axes limits
Heisenberg Model python : Specific heat capacity for spin 2
Iterative solution of ill-conditioned matrix systems
Classification of multiobjective optimization algorithms
Why are the round-off errors when solving the linear system $Ax = b$ of order $\varepsilon_\text{mach} x_j$?
Fast iterative approximate order-oblivious Orthogonalization algorithm?
Is there an efficient way to form this block matrix with numpy or scipy?
Simulating the heat equation with insulating material
Optimizing for multiple objectives
How to deal with a huge system of ODEs in Boost ODEINT?
Numerical solution to the Landau-Zener problem
Need suggestions about technical difficulties - Drying + Pyrolysis of coal particle
3D log density plot in ParaView
MINLP with GEKKO - Modeling discrete variables
How to compute the following Crank-Nicolson scheme for the viscous Burgers' Equation?
How one can simulate a system given by differential equation?
Convex optimization with constraints involving matrix inverse
Verifying convergence of a stationary solution to a PDE with the Runge-Kutta method
Evaluate Nth root of a rational to a correctly rounded float
Numerically estimating expected value of f(x) when x is normally distributed
Reference request: Riks method (Nonlinear FEM)
Software to simulate molten salt flow and thermodynamic operations
Question about the visible and hidden neurons in neural networks methods
Iterative linear solver for "ugly" saddle point system
Best way of storing numerical data in a compact manner, while leaving it accessible for tools like GnuPlot?
How to include penalty in a Objective Function with Python? GEKKO
Fast convergence of smoothing of periodic noise
Givens rotation vs 2x2 Householder reflection
Sensitivity of BFGS to the accuracy of the gradient
Finding curves where function goes to zero in two dimensions
Error on the fit parameters when several good fits exist
Calculating the Convolution Using DFT (FFT)
Cubature rule in unit Sphere in $\mathbb{R}^{3}$
What's the terminology for this alternative minimization algorithm?
How to define $P0-$ Piecewise constant basis function in finite element method?
Classical vs. modified Gram-Schmidt
Optimization algorithm / approach for suggesting what goods to buy and sell in a marketplace?
How to use QZ decomposition for single matrix in Matlab?
Why don't we call the simulation "a model for ..."?
Limitations with dynamical systems vs. PDEs?
Binary combinatorial optimization with hard to compute costs
Do computational scientists typically also become domain experts?
Are there well-known methods for navigating on kd-trees?
What features can be extracted from accelerometer sensor used for Structural Health Monitoring (SHM)?
Well-posedness of Navier-Stokes equation
Determination of Young's Modulus for a Finite Element Code
Can I solve a model in GEKKO with Black Box, Simulated Annealing or GA solvers?
Improve Mandelung constant code
Least square approximation of a polynomial with a constraint on the derivative in Python
Incomplete LU decomposition of sparse matrix
Implementation of Lanczos method that returns tridiagonal matrix
Grids for atmosphere simulation with finite volumes on the globe
Sparsity-Promoting Convex Optimization Over Simplex
Second fundamental form - Maple
why on wolframAlpha I cannot find the value of an expression?
Equivalent of multiple-scale analysis for a linear ODE
How to implement the following Finite Element method for Burgers' equation?
Number of GMRES iterations increase when stepping forward in time, using the Newton method
Minimum of quadratic assignment (QAP) with convex objective
Runge-Kutta for PID and system in separate calculations without filter
