How many airbenders are there?
Inheriting bending abilities between different bender-types?
Since every zombie appears to be rotting, does their functional afterlife vary with their exposure to the elements?
Naruto: Tobi identity
Space Shuttle related quote referring to a bird on the back of a giant bird
Kid wants to pilot space liner, is too ugly
How does Stark Enterprises maintain its cashflow?
Is Rogue's power absorption ability limited to just the skin on her hands?
Why Didn't Treebeard Know What a Hobbit Was?
Looking for a YA urban fantasy-ish novel with homeless teens and elves or faeries
Are there any SciFi/Fantasy novels with a Whale Civilization at the core?
How did the computer virus get uploaded into the mothership in Independence Day?
How does T. H. White's Merlyn experience time?
In general, should I look through a novel's appendix(es) before, during or after reading?
Did Sisko ever return from his tutelage with the Prophets?
What is the difference between the 1969 and 1975 editions of "The Cosmic Eye" by Mack Reynolds?
Why was the ritual needed (aka: why hasn't Finn just killed himself)?
How is it possible for a person to retain his own wand all through school?
What exactly was the choice Lyra was prophesied to make?
Why was the T800's arm in T2 overlooked?
Why must a person's conciousness be transferred?
In AvX #2, is the Phoenix Force in two places at once?
Is there a difference in the Red Hulk's and Green Hulk's powers?
Why is Magneto vs Iron Man not a simple victory for Magneto?
What does the Hulk's clap do?
What does Beast use Pym particles for?
Why Could Young Tom Riddle Do Wandless Magic?
Was Voldemort a Better Wizard Than Dumbledore?
Why is William Bell still alive?
How Is the Minister For Magic Chosen and What Qualifications Are Required To Hold Office?
In which universe was "Letters Of Transit" (season 4 ep 19) happening?
What is the first episode of Stargate that Teal'c says "Indeed"
What causes a stargate to not accept an incoming connection?
Can a Patronus take the form of any animal?
Where did the extra Charlie Francis body come from?
Why does Robb Stark need ships to get to King's Landing?
Which radio/TV broadcasts were sampled by Bumblebee in the Transformers movies?
Life, Death, Undead, Dead Undead, oh my!
In "Relics" (S6E4) how did the Enterprise escape the sun? And why did they have to destroy Scotty's ship?
Do Wizards get to choose which animal their Patronus will be?
How Did Umbridge Get Moody's Eye?
How to convert Stardate to Gregorian calendar date?
What was the projected Dark Mark made up of in Harry Potter?
How was Data a poker grandmaster despite having trouble reading basic human emotions?
Why did Korra have difficulty mastering Airbending and not when mastering Firebending?
Was Data able to assess a human emotional state accurately?
Timezones on New Year in Space Pilot 3000
Why does Harry's eye twitch?
Why would you call yourself "the Sinister Iceman"?
What is the subset of Airbending?
Why Didn't Dumbledore Hear the Basilisk?
Can Expelliarmus Be Used For Weapons Other Than Wands?
Is there any good evidence to say whether The Cabin in the Woods is in the Buffy Universe?
How can Geordi see screens?
Did George Lucas use any of the expanded universe material in the prequel trilogy?
Can a Force-sensitive person use the Force to communicate with other Force-sensitive people?
Can a wizard's Patronus change over time?
Are benders allowed to use subsets of their element's abilities in Pro-Bending?
Magic with a K, summer camp and crystals
Does the Doctor come from the future or the past?
How did Dobby intercept Harry's mail?
How Old Was Aragog When He Died?
What happened to the rocket that brought Superman to Earth?
Was Luke turning into a Sith?
How old is River Song?
Under What Circumstances Would a Muggleborn Become a Death Eater?
Was Mad-Eye Moody's Recumbent Broom a Help or Hindrance In the Battle of the Seven Potters?
How Was the Sword of Gryffindor Placed In the Pond in Deathly Hallows?
With how many women did Kirk have an affair?
Was the episode "The Doctor's Wife" (S06E04) canonical?
Could the raid on House Atreides by House Harkonnen be legal?
Does the shape or size of a Patronus determine or indicate its strength?
What triggers a lycanthropic change in the Potterverse?
What are the rules governing how a Patronus can interact with the physical world?
Are only hoofed creatures sentient?
Do mules or hinnies exist?
In ST:TNG's "The Survivors" why wasn't Kevin Uxbridge able to stop the Husnock attack?
What fantasy book has a character acquire powers by sleeping in a dead dragon's body?
What is the life expectancy of a Borg?
Can goats talk?
Ornithoid character
What late 80s - mid 90s cartoon had heroes with insect mechs?
Who is the Tooth Fairy really in Terry Pratchett's Hogfather?
Did the Borg collective have an insignia?
What happened to Umbridge when she was carried into the forest by the centaurs?
Does the physical copy of Batman #5 have rotated pages?
What would the Flash's tracks look like in damp sand?
What is the source of the ongoing gag about destroying Sheriff Carter's Jeeps?
What does Paul mean about "terrible purpose"?
What kind of authority does Rainbow Dash have?
How powerful is Twilight Sparkle?
What did Melisandre (the red woman/priestess) give birth to?
Death's motivation in part of Terry Pratchett's Hogfather 
Rory's Existence
Why Did Tom Riddle Think He Was the Only One Who Found the Room of Requirement?
Intentions of the Phoenix Group
What happens if you release a soul from a Horcrux/container?
Why did the Occupant have photos of the prison fallout shelter?
How did Diary-Riddle hope to come back?
How can the Legion destroy Objects?
Book about a brother and sister living in a futuristic world
Uncanny, Astonishing, Ultimate and Legacy...How does this tie in with X-Men?
McCarthyism, Martian Colonists, Water Powered Ships, and Mining Asteroids Near Saturn
When did Umbridge acquire the locket of Slytherin?
Why did Snape give the Gryffindor's Sword to Bellatrix to keep?
What did the ZFT warn about?
Why didn't Headmaster Dumbledore destroy the Philosopher's Stone before the events of the series?
Why did Quirrell stutter?
Could the Sword of Gryffindor have destroyed a horcrux before it absorbed the Basilisk Venom
Would the Sword of Gryffindor poison you?
Who is in the post-credits scene of the Avengers movie?
Are the bad guys from The Avengers (2012) movie, also from the comics?
How much self-control does the Green Hulk have?
How long did Marvin the robot live?
In Dick's "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?", is Deckard a replicant?
Recommended order for the Larry Niven "of Worlds" books?
In C.S. Lewis' Narnia stories, how was "Calormen/Calormene" originally pronounced?
Harry Dresden Item Descriptions
What happened in the 7th level?
In the Dresden Files, how did Harry's dad die?
What is the earliest literary appearance of zombies?
What are the major themes in Foundation?
Average lifespan of a demigod in Percy Jackson & The Olympians
Which of the three endings to Stephenson's "Anathem" is "definitive"?
Which of Steve Perry's novels prominently feature the "Siblings of the Shroud"?
In S. M. Stirling's Emberverse series, is it ever revealed what actually caused "The Change"?
What are the revisions in the (Revised Edition) of The Hobbit?
How long did Frodo and Sam take?
Is Lord of the Rings extolling the ordinary or casting it off?
In Independence Day, why was there no firewall in the alien mothership?
How 10 yr old Elliott developed the makeshift communicator in E.T
Identify: book about a Jesuit arguing that lizard people are Satanic?
Is Cuendillar weakening?
What Do the Gringotts Goblins Do With Muggle Money?
Why didn't Twilight notice the cause of her friends changes sooner?
What was the Star Wars parody trailer -- was it "Trash Wars?"
In what order should Tolkien's writings on Middle-earth be read?
What role does Radagast the Brown play in "The Hobbit"?
The Silmarillion -- Different versions?
How are the mutants in TMNT different?
If it wasn't for his love for Lily, would Snape have a Patronus?
Does Star Trek: The Next Generation feature technology discovered by Kirk's generation?
Did Voldemort know Snape could generate a Patronus?
Was Voldemort able to make a Patronus?
Are all Alicorns Royal?
What do you call a winged unicorn?
Why could Dolores Umbridge conjure a Patronus?
What is the fuel limited flight range of the Enterprise?
How Did Dumbledore Know to Summon Winky Before He Knew Barty Crouch Jr's Identity?
Why did Harry hear his parents when influenced by the Dementors?
How could the Marauder's Map plot Hogwarts?
Which Star Wars book series takes place immediately after Episode 6?
Why would Voldemort spare Lily?
Is there a canonical timeline of Kilgore Trout's life?
What were all the forms of the Vord?
What did Batman whisper?
Which House Was Gilderoy Lockhart In?
Was the PM of England the only muggle in authority to know about Wizards in Harry Potter?
Were all the Hogwarts Professors former Hogwarts students?
What is Petyr Baelish's endgame with Sansa?
In the Circle of Magic Series, what is the nature of Lark and Rosethorn's relationship to one another?
Where does Vin get her metal from?
In Gattaca, why did nobody figure out the relationship between the unregistered in-valid and the detective hunting him?
Young adult novel about time travel
How was Moody captured?
How far can a Hogwarts student persuade the Sorting Hat?
Where did the other students escape to?
How did a muggleborn get to Hogwarts before the Hogwarts Express?
Did Galacta ever give birth?
Story identification: Alien Abduction, the Perfect Human, read mid 80's in Australia
How did Data get Spot?
What is the relative scale of the My Little Pony universe?
If Vulcans are telepathic, why don't they use it more for communication?
Barring legal issues, why aren't Portkeys used more often?
Why does John Connor say "It's worse" during the first mission of Terminator Salvation?
Why did Federation starships need transporter rooms?
What Is the Difference Between Wizard and Warlock in Potterverse?
Has there ever been a good Sith?
Are there X-Men with mundane powers?
How can the gods break their oath and have children?
Which actor plays Thanos in the Avengers mid-credits scene?
Was R2D2 inspired by Daleks?
Is the Hogwarts Express a muggle train with enchantments, or an enchantment that simulates the functions of a train?
Is the Hogwarts Express visible to muggles when it travels across Britain?
Children's book about the dangers of pollution
Why does Laton devote his life to figure out uploading his conciousness to shell beings when other Edenists already do this?
How much of the The Cage was real?
Are the Half-Life 2 Antlions a Starship Troopers reference?
Who and what are the Prime Evils?
What is the timeline of the Diablo series?
Why didn't the Alliance wipe the Normandy computers?
Where did the "Memories transferred through DNA" idea used in Assassin's Creed come from?
Who were the heroes in Diablo?
Why did the Mars population flee to Earth if they had the Soul Cube?
Was it ever revealed where the Bionts came from?
What was Aken Bosch's actual objective?
What has the destruction of the World Stone done to Sanctuary?
How was Chell picked?
Is there any **official** confirmation that Superman was meant to "be Jewish"?
When was the first unambiguous proof that Ron realized he was attracted to Hermione?
What are the clues that could indicate who are Chell's parents?
Who are all these Avengers?
Why was Quirrell appointed DADA Professor?
In the Avengers movie, why is Hulk's behaviour inconsistent?
Major Tom PBS special in the 1970s?
Where do the other platforms lead?
Jessica Jones, Jean Grey and the Phoenix?
What happened to the Jericho squad after the Firstborn was defeated?
Why is Brienne so excessively loyal to Renly Baratheon?
Children's sci-fi/fantasy with black blobs and why cats stare at walls
How many appearances does Agrajag make in the Hitchhikers' Guide series?
What do the Istari in The Lord of the Rings represent?
Are there real world creation myths that inspired The Silmarillion?
Can you help me identify a short story about mandatory suicide?
Can anyone help me identify a story about squirrels and the octal system?
Who is the Cow King?
Did Kefka always intend to betray Emperor Gestahl?
How did the House Elves become so adept at magic?
What is the link between the Portal series and Half-Life series?
Story about a soldier displaced into a fantasy world with elves and dragons
Story about magic/programming with some Greek mythology
What is the name of this young-adult book series from the '90s featuring miniature aliens?
How does Neville Longbottom get the Sword of Gryffindor?
What is Big Macintosh wearing? Why is his tail short?
What does Derpy's cutie mark mean?
When did Catwoman start wearing a catsuit in the comics?
Why did Captain America have a secret identity in the 1980s comics?
In Back to the Future, why was the power required to travel in time 1.21 jigowatts?
Are the similarities between TOS:The Changeling and ST:The Motion Picture coincidental?
What happened to the head-shot version?
Why did Jess allow the crew of the Triangle to set foot on the ocean liner in the first place?
Why is knowledge of energy bending rare?
Why the 5 year jump?
Are earth ponies represented in the government of Equestria?
What order should the Chronicles of Narnia books be read in?
Can anyone help me identify a story about kids with silver blood?
Can you help identify a book about kids getting pulled into a fantasy world?
In what order should I read the Robert Langdon books?
Does "The Gods Themselves" take place in Asimov's Foundation "shared universe"?
Reading Charles Stross Laundry Series out of order
In the book "Jurassic Park" does the Lysine Contingency actually get explained?
Role and significance of Molly Grue
Book about a family that drank from the fountain of youth
What is the meaning of the ending of "The Man in the High Castle"?
In Mogworld, what is the nature of the relationship between Mr. Wonderful and Bowg?
Where did Holborn come from?
What deeper meanings are contained in Harrison Bergeron, by Kurt Vonnegut?
In Mogworld, how did Lord Dreadgrave revive pre-infusion dead?
Who gets turned into a tree in "Tortall and Other Lands"?
Why do vampires sparkle in Twilight?
Idea of paying for things with time
In Dracula, what does the quote "Despair has its own calms" mean?
Set of short stories, including one with a man with wings, and another about his strange family gathering
Is there any connection between Narnia and the "Narn" in Narn i Chîn Húrin?
Help Finding Story Of Telepathic Kids
What's the name of this sci-fi story with a wall that cannot be crossed?
Looking for the title of a futuristic book about enforced equality
Is Amon energy bending when he takes away someone's bending abilities?
Did all Headmasters get a portrait in Hogwarts?
Shouldn't Terry's younger brother have the same genetic traits as him?
Who is Lucinda Walters' mother?
How long does it take for dragons to grow?
Urban Fantasy Female Protagonist Sent to Alternative Dimension
Why Does Ollivander Use Only Three Wand Cores?
Why Was It 'Essential' That Voldemort Kill Harry Potter?
Why is Fantomex the only X-Force member to have telepathic dampening plates?
What's the sequence of events Milo discovers in "The Counterfifth Detective"?
Are all of the islands in Myst on the same planet?
What Is a Dragon Heartstring?
Book with reptilian creatures who live on by having their brains eaten
Short story where humans (miners?) conflict with collectivist leaderless aliens who cause earthquakes
Were any of the Avengers involved the last time the Phoenix came to Earth?
Approximately how many Avengers are born mutants?
When and why did Marvel Comics start using many more crossovers?
In the Diablo Franchise, what distinction can we make between Magi, Sorcerers, and Wizards?
Short story (+radio play?) in which astronauts outside their ship slowly drift apart in space
What happened to the Heroes from Diablo 1?
Is Batman: Arkham City set before or after the birth of Damian Wayne?
How are the 3 sisters human?
Are the various "Zelda" games supposed to take place in a common universe?
Is the nature of Fantomex's E.V.A. explained in comics?
Did the Starcraft Dominion Terrans evolve directly from the U.S.S.R?
Why was Ron Weasley permitted to bring a rat to Hogwarts?
Did Harry Owe Draco Malfoy a Life Debt?
Do Dementors Have Magic?
How does the large golden dome on Riven work?
Why does Nightcrawler get called "elf"?
How many Megami Tensei timelines are there?
What's the meaning of Lucifel's corrected years in the opening?
How are the Etrian Odyssey cataclysms connected?
How can Namor be the first mutant if there are much older ones?
What is the "substantial" role played by mutants in DC Comics?
If all Jericho squads are doomed to die, how come we encounter previous versions?
Is the world doomed?
What was the purpose of adding red backlights in USS Enterprise?
What ties the various Final Fantasy series together, aside from the name?
Why did Impulse Engines of Enterprise NX-01 glow blue?
Are Adam Jensen and the Denton brothers related?
What is the nature of Christmas observance in the Potterverse?
What's the significance of the boy with the drum?
Help me identify this fantasy book about two near-omnipotent wizard run empires
Why is Bella's unborn child referred to as a devil?
What food source did the Fae use before humans?
What short story is about an alien race that threatened to blow up the world if we didn't decode a message?
What holidays do wizards celebrate?
Why does the aluminium need to be transparent?
Are there practiced religions in the wizarding world?
Is the Hulk in the Avengers the same as in the other movies?
Did the Cave Trolls turn to stone when the shadows lifted from Mordor?
Why was Captain America called "The First Avenger"?
Which films should I see before "The Avengers"?
Why do Batman's villains blame Batman?
Why did Luke name his son Ben and not Obi-wan?
How is bacteria able to move the water back in Riven?
Why do the Jedi say "May the Force be with you"?
Is there an explanation for what happened to the Great Underground Empire in the Zork Trilogy?
Is C. S. Lewis' Narnian "courtly language" clumsy?
What are the anti-Church messages in the "His Dark Materials" trilogy?
Identify children's story about magic book, eggshells, and invisible children
Is there a specific reason why Karlsson is rather overweight?
What's with all the anachronism?
What's the significance of the animal transformations in The Once and Future King?
Why do the Hero Twins kill Zipacna in the Popol Vuh?
Why does Gulliver's Travels have "teasers" at the beginning of each chapter?
What is the symbolism of rats in George Orwell's "1984"?
What do the other farmers symbolize in Animal Farm?
How long, in-universe, were each of the Star Wars movies?
Cybernetic T-rex comic?
Is artificial life valued in the DC universe?
What is Nightcrawler's Limitation?
Who named Luke Skywalker?
Are there creatures of fantasy in other countries that have the same prevelance as zombies, werewolves and vampires in the United States?
Have there been clashes between the Avengers and the X-Men before?
How does Thor get back to Earth in the Marvel comics?
Why is Magik from the X-men Locked up?
Was Mundungus Fletcher a Full Member of the Order?
How deep was the fog?
What prevented Duke Nukem from mutating in the Duke Nukem video games?
What is the natural prey for headcrabs?
How does the Doom Guy trigger the Soul Cube?
Why was the Dragon's Tooth enough to bring peace to the Triads?
What ultimately happened to the Succubus?
Is there any link between the Heroes of the Elder Scrolls games?
How did people survive on the islands of Myst?
How powerful is Superman typically, vs ultimately?
Why didn't Batman's motion detectors go off in JL:DOOM
Would the earth being absent screw up the orbit of the other planets?
Where can one find the pronunciation of special names in Dune?
What does 'And Another Thing...' add to The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?
How does the content differ between radio and book versions of The Hitchhikers Guide?
Is there a particular movie being referenced in the opening scene of The Cabin in the Woods?
What was the time span over which the events in Half Life took place?
How come the Kong family are resistant to Tiki magic?
Why were the arch-enemies of the Kong family replaced?
Why didn't Iron Man's Phoenix Alarm go off?
Do the other animals that students can bring with them to Hogwarts have special skills?
Is there any canon proof that Elder Wand actually works as reputed in a duel?
Assignment: Earth
Are the Milky-Way solar systems depicted in Larry Niven's "Known Space" based on "real world" astonomy viewed from Earth?
What took Bella so long to turn into a Vampire?
Why do the evil vampires in Twilight suck only a little blood from all the humans?
Are the Children of the moon harmless to humans?
Why did Bella choose Edward over Jacob?
Who was Nick Fury talking about on the ship?
What happens to the mind of a recipient of a Jedi mind trick?
Why does Loki look like he does in the movies?
From where can I get 3D models of USS Enterprise?
What does it take to overcome your  Goa'uld symbiote?
Why don't the vampires sparkle at the start of the movie?
Different reaction of Jasper in two different scenes
Edward's mind reading of James
Why did Gaiman stop using superheroes in Sandman?
A weird symbol the Cullens had on them
Who shot down Jack Mason's transporter in the beginning?
Is The Doctor (EMH) a Doctor Who reference?
Black Mesa suits in the Xen World
Jasper's full name in the Twilight movie
Why did Edward's eyes not turn red when he feeds on human blood?
Why can't some vampires hear Bella's heartbeat?
What order to read Kage Baker's "The Company" books, novellas and short stories
What does Moya eat?
What is the origin of the Heart-Artifact?
How does the distaff, in Loom, create music?
When did the Strogg start assimilating prisoners?
Where did they go at the end of Repo Man?
What was the Kremling's business with bananas?
Did Frank Herbert ever record any Dune audio books himself?
Why was Kate Wilson so afraid of water?
What did Ultor have to gain by killing their miners?
Why did Hawkins destroy the Atlantis?
Why is there an aircraft carrier model in the Enterprise briefing room?
What to read to get familiar with Thanos?
Are there any scholarly critiques about Ray Bradbury's book, "The Illustrated Man"
Who is watching the X-Men?
What was the first work to posit the equivalence of magic rituals and computer algorithms?
Was Meister Eder insane?
Is there more to the Loom universe than just the game?
Is Riven on a spherical planet?
Why is Tony Stark in the Iron Man suit unaffected by G-forces, inertia and blunt force trauma?
Is the Enterprise the only ship name in the Federation that has such a rich history?
Why can't adamantium cut through vibranium?
How was Iron Man able to return at the end of the Avengers movie?
How can Wolverine stand with so much Adamantium?
Was Thor unworthy during "The Avengers"?
A trilogy, the first of which was about a girl hiding a flute in a tree stump
Boy asks 'How about pie?'
1970/80s YA novel about dystopian divided country of cities and countryside?
How much of season 1 of Fringe is necessary to understand the rest?
In Avengers, how plausible is Hawkeye's archery proficiency?
How can Shan Elariel burn brass in her glove?
What happens to burnt metals/alloys?
Are the Observers really from our universe?
Does the Carlos Wu redesigned Autodoc recycle dead crewmates during the process of healing injured crewmembers that are placed inside of it?
What is Hazmat, if not a mutant?
Would Mjolnir, if loose in Hulk's cage, move?
How to explain multiple copies of Harry and Hermione?
Time War Time Lock
Why don't Time Lords from different Parallel Universes help out?
Is a design like Varus' bow possible?
Do parallel realities take precedence over time travel in the Star Trek Universe?
What does the inscription on Mjolnir exactly mean?
Did Dolores Umbridge Get a Headmaster's Portrait?
What is the "mirror" universe depicted in Star Trek?
In The Magicians why was Q considered for advancement with Alice and Penny?
Is James Doohan’s missing finger ever noticeable in Star Trek?
Why didn't River know what would happen to The Doctor at Lake Silencio?
Who were the gods depicted in Star Trek V?
How does Hulk lift Mjolnir in Ultimate Avengers movie?
Is there a community for learning Sindarin?
Did Richard A. Knaak get the idea for Warcraft from J. R. R. Tolkien?
How does Natasha figure out his intentions?
How can Giant-Man access the "realm of the abstract entities"?
What roles do abstract/cosmic entities play?
Who is The Fulcrum?
Where is the first settlement in Red Mars?
Where did S.H.I.E.L.D. receive its funding?
In the Imager Portfolio series why doesn't Rhenn paint by Imaging?
Why does GLaDOS say "again" in her greeting?
Do pre-Immortals die of old age if they haven't had their immortality triggered beforehand?
Book where a young man gathers memories from formaldehyde-preserved animals and minds
What do The Flash's earpiece emblems do?
How did Skynet develop after the 3rd Terminator movie?
Why was Dumbledore's portrait not given a more extant role in the story?
What does "Seven" and "Nine" mean in "Seven of Nine"?
Would Muggle chocolate work on the effects of Dementors?
What happened to Mara Jade's lightsaber?
Why do the birds repeat what is heard in the Hunger Games?
Do the Borg selectively assimilate only men, or are drones de-sexed?
Why do all Borg look different?
Where is Stark Tower located?
Sci-fi based ‘game show’ similar to The Crystal Maze?
Why is it called a "healing factor"?
Etymology of the name Quinjet?
Do the Borg assimilate down to the last being?
How many Time Lords are there after Time War?
Machine Man / Batman driving awkwardly
How did Bruce Banner become the Hulk at will?
If Banner can control Hulk, why doesn't he?
Is The Amazing Spider-Man part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
Why did Thor's hammer take time to return from the Helicarrier?
How do the Chitauri "ships" propel themselves?
Why are Observers named after months?
Difference between a blaster, photon gun and phaser?
In the movie Thor, why are there several scenes where they ride horses?
In "Brothers" when Data takes over the ship, why does the computer not realize he is faking Picard's voice?
Book about Dragons Ending (Turning to stone)
Does an angreal have an additive or multiplicative effect?
How was Loki not crushed by Mjolnir?
Why did the Gnurrs come from the Voodverk Out?
In Transformers, why didn't Optimus use the Shard of the Allspark to heal Jazz?
Did any of TOS 5 year mission first contacts aliens show up in later Star Trek episodes as Borg?
Trying to identify science fiction story: world with extreme seasons
Does a new species always need to contribute a technology advancement in order to be assimilated by the Borg?
Why Wasn't the Resurrection Stone Destroyed Along With the Ring Horcrux?
Why does Reese fall out of the sky?
How long was Newt alone on LV 426?
What are Rachel Grey's facial marks?
Why are Striker's eyes white only sometimes?
What are these events from Widow's past?
Who does The Council represent?
What type of paper is used for the inscription in The Last Crusade?
What varieties of arrow has Hawkeye used?
What was Dolores Umbridge's blood status?
How do the Hulk's cells function biologically?
Knowing - prophecy plot hole?
What does the symbol on Amon's banners mean?
Why does Peeves listen to the Bloody Baron?
How does Fantomex's misdirection ability work?
Did Rorschach's mask react to his emotions?
What is this novel set in a future where telepaths are persecuted?
In the 2004 film version of The Stepford Wives, were the wives turned to robots?
What is the title of a book that is set in the future, but there is no electricity?
Are all the ghosts at Hogwarts former students/teachers?
TRON: Legacy - How can the light jets do a Hammerhead Stall? Is there an atmosphere in The Grid?
How does the enviroment control of the Arenas work in The Hunger Games?
Did the Gamemakers help Katniss when she was in the tree?
Is The Hulk immune to mutation too?
How does Thor get back to Earth, again?
What defines the upper limit for speed of Subspace Communications?
In the Avengers movie, what does Bruce Banner mean when he reveals his secret for the Hulk?
What stops other benders from mastering the four elements?
Why does Loki look "sick" when he first arrives on Earth?
What hints at the identity of the fourth man?
What shares a universe with Planetary?
Kyokasuigetsu's Kanzen Saimin (Complete Hypnosis) Escape Method
Why do Romulans have Vulcan Hairstyles?
How did the Basilisk survive for a thousand years?
YA series about magical cats which have some kind of ability that involved seeing strings
Anyone know the name of a specific Urban-Fantasy tale with an online twist?
Would it be possible for some to bend two elements?
Why are Vulcan lips Human-reddish instead of green?
Who in the DC Universe can stop Superman if he has a breakdown?
What would happen to Superman after a Kryptonite injection?
Do Syrio Forel, Jaqen H'ghar and Melisandre all follow the same religion?
Why does the Night's Watch wear black?
Why does Tywin correct Arya on usage of m'Lord and my Lord?
Why don't poor districts train Career tributes?
Which A.I. has the highest I.Q. on the Red Dwarf, Kryten, or the Talkie Toaster?
Trying to identify a book about life on the side of an infinitely tall wall
Why was Shakespeare's work in the mirror universe no different than in the normal universe?
Why is Slaanesh so young compared to the other Chaos Gods?
What is the point of evasive maneuvers in Star Trek?
What are Hermione's parents' real names?
Why doesn't Thor's hammer return to his hand on Earth? (Avengers - The movie)
Why were the Grimm fairy tales sanitized?
What was the point of threatening to drop Loki 30,000 feet?
How many sonic screwdrivers does the Doctor have?
How did the Terminator survive teleporting?
Major plot differences between TV Series and Books in Game of Thrones
Are there any official statements about Hogwarts during Harry's absence to search horcruxes?
How long do Asgardians live for?
Do the golden apples of Idunn work for other species?
Where does Krosp's hat come from?
Why did the Klingon language flourish?
How did the basilisk get enough food?
Where were Korob and Sylvia from?
What psychological problems does Wolverine have?
Why was the Mad Hatter aware of the curse?
Why could we barely see through all Quarian's masks?
What is Peeves' story?
In 'The Moon is a Harsh Mistress' what are Garrison didos?
Why do the Transformers only become one type of vehicle?
In what comics do the Avengers and the Phoenix Force battle in?
Why is Asshai-by-the-Shadow a dangerous place?
How much did Iron Man's suitcase weigh?
What exactly is the Arena in the Hunger Games? Is it a predefined area or something like a holodeck?
Why is Jerry Cornelius coloured negative in 'A Cure for Cancer'
The Magical Power of Love, Dumbledore and Snape's self-sacrifice towards the protection of the children of Hogwarts
How Big is Hagrid?
Why could Mad-Eye Moody see through the Invisibility Cloak using his Magical Eye?
How does Mrs. Norris communicate with Mr. Filch?
How does Sirius Black as an Animagus communicate with Crookshanks?
Outside Hogwarts, wouldn't it have been beneficial to use Muggle-technology as well as Magic?
Name of short story told from perspective of mechanical alien?
Why was Dr. Manhattan blue?
Can Wolverine swim?
What Were the Consequences of Saving Buckbeak?
Did Dr. Manhattan give anyone cancer?
What time travel theory does the Star Trek saga use?
Was Professor McGonagall a Seeker/Quidditch player at School?
Why doesn't Batman make an armored suit like Iron Man's?
Man who went through blue, yellow and red phases of super powers
Is there a FAQ or centralized forum/group/list for the Kingkiller Chronicles?
How did the rebels get hold of the Death Star technical specifications?
Did the Nazgûl retain their Rings of Power?
Why did the magic world copy the muggle world? 
Are the 2005 & newer Doctor Who scripts all new material?
Why was the riddle on the way to Moria written in Elvish?
Where is the moon in Planet of the Apes (1968)?
Why can't metalbenders/earthbenders affect pure metallic platinum?
What Happened to Mordor After Sauron's Defeat?
Is metalbending based on a different martial art?
Are there other assassins like River Tam?
Is Spider-Man an Avenger?
What is the blue light from Loki's scepter?
What are Bowman and Poole saying when HAL reads their lips?
How did Nick Fury lose his eye and get his eye patch?
Did Voldemort know when he was being lied to by Snape?
Is Fauxlivia's baby still in the timeline?
Why did St Mungo's not have any Mandrake juice to un-petrify people with?
Are the Egyptian historical references in Stargate SG-1 based on actual history?
In the 2002 Resident Evil film, who is the thief working for?
Why did Shepherd Book assume Saffron was underage?
When a Time Lord dies, are they eradicated from history?
What exactly happens when a Weeping Angel is quantum locked?
Reasons for Mike's loss of personality at end of Moon is a Harsh Mistress
In the Avengers movie, why did Thor disregard humans by taking the Tesseract with him?
Is it possible to fly like Batman in Arkham City?
Was Shadow's race ever determined?
Was the film Dark City (1998) influenced by H.P.Lovecraft?
Looking for a book about a human-nature predicting supercomputer
Is John Carpenter's The Thing influenced by At the Mountains of Madness?
Where did Magister Illyrio Mopatis get the dragon eggs from?
Why didn't Arya use Jaqen's three deaths more fruitfully in the TV series?
Are there any subtle hints towards Lord of the Rings in A Song of Ice And Fire?
Where do they get the programs that are used to learn abilities?
What is on Lady Cassandra's back?
When did Ros receive the Lannister lion necklace from Tyrion?
Why does Charlton Heston's character not realize he's on Earth when he hears apes speaking English?
I don't quite understand the Trace with regards to underage Wizards performing magic
How did Fawkes get into the Chamber of Secrets?
What's with "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named"?
What planet does Game of Thrones happen on?
Story about a group of students who convince their teacher he's from Mars!
Why do the Borg only assimilate at close range?
Would John Carter remain strong on a reduced gravity world?
Star Trek: The Next Generation Minimum Recommended Viewing List
Story featuring a spaceship computer falling in love with the crew
Did the Avengers merely tolerate SHIELD?
What science fiction trilogy has the dead coming back to life
Does Superman have to work out to keep in shape?
What is the meaning of wasps nest symbolism from Neuromancer?
What is the difference between Marvel's Ultimate universe (Earth-1610) and the Cinematic universe (Earth-199999)?
Do we ever see the aliens from "If Wishes Were Horses" again? (DS9)
Alien experiment B movie
What happened to Pixie in the mines of Abergylid?
Was the golden army truly indestructible?
Are HYDRA's weapons related to Iron Man's repulsors?
Do all terminators have to travel back in time naked?
What prompted the Heroes of the Lance to start searching for the True Gods of Krynn?
How does Loki's staff work?
Why is Harry Potter so Angry? Especially in the 5th Year?
Why didn't Dumbledore hunt down Death Eaters after Voldemort was gone?
In the Harry Potter universe, can memories stored in vials only be used once?
Can Magneto Lift Thor's Hammer?
How safe is a person from evil spirits if he is at sea or on a salt lake?
What will happen to "the enchantment of worthiness" on Mjolnir after the death of Odin?
Why did past Shaktimaan orbit around present Shaktimaan?
Is Krillin the strongest pure human in the Dragonball Z Universe?
When did Doc Brown (and family) go at the end of the third movie?
Are the aliens from the Alien movie series more hive minded or more like individuals?
Why did Caradhras not want the Fellowship to pass?
In "Good As Gold" How did the Doctor "destroy" the angel?
What is the Tardis made of?
Why did Tom Riddle change his name to Voldemort?
Why did Voldemort use his hated last name as basis for his "professional" name?
What galaxy or universe is the planet Ork in?
Short Story About Contact With An Alien Race That Extruded An Elixir
Why did the tractor beam of the Enterprise crush the fighter jet of 20th century?
Are the Adventure Time comics canon?
Where was Scarlet Witch depicted as a cellist?
Could Wolverine's claws be prevented from unsheathing if his wrists are bent?
If we dismiss Voldemort's magical knowledge, is he an intelligent person?
How exactly do Wolverine's claws come out?
What happened to Despair?
Where did Doc Brown get plutonium from?
Who is the author and the title of the science fiction book pre 1988 with "Necromancers?"
Did Scooby-Doo and the original team of meddling kids ever uncover something that was supernatural or real?
How long had Box been running amok when Logan discovered him?
Why does Captain America's Shield make noise?
Which type of ethics was Archer talking about?
Do all the different breeds of the Alien Franchise Xenomorph Queens lay the same kind of eggs?
How did the Borg come to know about Earth?
What is the difference between Goofy and Pluto?
Was James Gordon Jr Successful In His Mission At The End of Detective Comics 881?
Why do some people remember about the supernatural, and others forget?
Why didn't Andromeda have an android body?
How did Xindi contact trans-dimensional beings?
What happens when a Triwizard Contestant refuses to participate?
Which Dracula movie is most faithful to the original Bram Stoker book?
Why did J remember about K when no one else did?
Who killed Bronau?
Which piece of fiction first showed vampires destroyed by sunlight?
Do Timelords Need to Sleep?
Been trying to find graphic novel for decades - at least I think it's a graphic novel
Looking for a Book about people Called Talents
Time-traveler pretending seminal '60s music is his own work
What is Heterodyning?
Why are Xander and Giles against giving Angel's soul back?
Is there a set limit on mutant abilities, where they're deemed too unrealistic?
In Harry Potter, why didn't the Order call the muggle PM for help?
In Resident Evil film series, why does Umbrella continue doing experiments?
What's with the bunny hate?
Why did Voldemort escape after seeing Aurors?
How do facehuggers attach to alien species without a graspable orifice?
Why aren't all Slayers active at the Hellmouth(s)?
What evidence points to Xenomorphs being biologically engineered?
Prior to having many colors, was Saruman always white?
How did Voldemort's face get disfigured?
What made Voldemort think that Draco Malfoy could kill Dumbledore?
What would happen if a Ghost were to walk through the Veil in the Death Chamber?
Why don't Melisandre and Stannis create more shadow monsters?
Why didn't search party get affected after McCoy altered past?
Was Isildur a Coward?
Why didn't Voldemort delay his return until after Harry Potter had died?
Does Whitehorn use house elves, hire Witches & Wizards, or employ someother means to make the brooms at Nimbus Racing Broom Company?
How did the Death Star move?
What is the ‘beam’ in Cherryh’s Heavy Time?
What is the fate of the Hellburner crew?
Does somebody need to be in the Chamber to control the Basilisk?
What's the story behind Tony Stark's new(er) armor?
Is Earth the only planet with mutants?
Where did the Alien Queen come from?
What purpose does Chewbacca's belt serve?
How similar is Earth-2 to the DCnU's Earth-1?
Fantasy Book with a ring linked to a dragon
Dragonlance - Why did Laurana fall for Kitiara's Trap?
What are the differences between Humanoid Cylons and the Final Five?
Are the Xenomorphs intelligent enough to commandeer spacecraft?
How did Varys become a Eunuch?
Who were the witnesses at the marriage of Padmé Amidala and Anakin Skywalker?
Did Q forget about Amanda Rogers?
Is Batman Begins set in the same timeline as Batman, Batman Returns, Batman Forever, and Batman and Robin?
Why do Zombies eat plants in "Plants vs. Zombies"?
Information downloaded from a combat spacesuit's logs tell about a soldiers multiple combat drops
Are wormholes in Star Trek bounded by galaxies?
Why Was the Burrow Burned Down in Half-Blood Prince?
Why do digger-zombies walk in the wrong direction after emerging from the ground?
Who is more wealthy? Batman or IronMan
After the OOB flees from RIP and is being pursued by three fleets, how doesn't their communication with Jefri get intercepted?
Why didn't Temporal Agents stop McCoy from altering the past?
Story Identification: Man freezes himself and his wife in the hopes of curing her terminal illness
Where to start reading Berserk manga if I've seen the anime?
Why would Roxxon  destroy a whole island full of Vibranium?
What is the source and distribution of Wakanda type of Vibranium?
What was the ultimate origin of Asgardians?
What was the name of this anthology TV series from the eighties?
What is the speech in the background at the end of the "Iron Sky" movie?
How does the Federation determine how to set their clocks?
Where was Loki at the beginning of the Avengers?
Who broke death first?
How can Cyclops miss with his optic blast?
Looking for a horror stories from the late 80's early 90's
Why wasn't Erik under control from the start of Avengers: Assemble?
How did Thor and Loki Return to Asgard?
Name of the Sci fi book where all human contact is via video link?
How are Slayer Potentials identified?
Could the Hulk become powerful enough to break adamantium?
Why did Odin leave the Tesseract on Earth?
Why do some Salarians have a handle on their chest?
How did the Tesseract come to Earth from Asgard?
Is River Song a timelord?
Wolverine's regeneration capabilities
Final crack in the universe
What happened to Captain Picard's fish?
What did Dumbledore do all day long?
Why aren't people allowed to Apparate or Disapparate within Hogwarts?
Great Theorem - Help name the Sci-fi book read long ago
Why is Star Trek: The Animated Series not Canon?
Novel with cyborg dolphin & travel to Jupiter
When Harry Potter calls Lupin a coward at Number 12, Grimmauld Place
Why aren't the Asgard in Atlantis?
What are the abilities of the Pegasus Galaxy's species, the Wraith?
What is the best scientific explanation for how The Flash moves so fast without issue, or is it just "magic?"
Who is the highest selling non US comic book superhero?
Did Voldemort Have a Dark Mark?
Book featuring quantum mechanics used almost like magic?
Looking for an old story about bicycles, clones, and heat-sucking plants
Would a Golden Snitch React to the Touch of an Identical Twin?
Help identifying Sci-Fi channel movie about demons
Alien invasion harvests humanity as food/pets
How did trans-dimensional beings appear in Xindi council?
What would Voldemort have done had he won?
Can there be any more NEW Time Lords?
What possible variants of facehugger may exist?
Why didn't Snape reappear when Harry used the Resurrection Stone?
What does a person's patronus imply about their personality?
What is so special about Jules Verne's works?
Does Butterbeer Contain Alcohol?
Do spaceships have Earth vermin?
What happened in Budapest?
Does Chekov believe his claims?
Why is an episode of Star Trek: The Animated Series the only adaptation of Larry Niven's Known Space?
Story identification about trolls under a bridge and gold coins
How did Harry and Ron find their way back to the tent after destroying the Locket Horcrux?
How did Snape find Harry and Hermione in the Forest of Dean?
Is Harry skilled, or just "lucky"?
Is C-3PO able to learn new languages?
Who's In Charge Of DADA 19 Years Later?
Anthology of short stories; one about killer whales in space, another about a bodyguard on a desolate colony
Did the idea of Lasso of Truth predate the Lie Detector?
How did John Carter start speaking in the Martian tongue?
Does time move differently on Mars?
The Blackguards' powers in Wolverine: Weapon X?
What did the Weasleys do during the first war with Voldemort?
Is there an explanation for why Silver Age Batman used guns?
Did any of the Harry Potter characters that we loved leave a ghost behind upon death?
Who first implemented the three-breasted character?
What happens to a padwan whose master died before the training is finished?
Why does The Doctor (almost) never carry a gun?
Is any of Batman's technology extraterrestrial?
Why did Luda survive for days or weeks when Frank and other infected people died within hours?
What issue / series is this Batman comic panel from?
Where was the last episode of BSG filmed?
What must one do to create NEW magic?
How did the Iron Islanders manage to set fire to Winterfell and flee?
Does Wonder Woman Age?
Were any powerful magical artifacts created during Harry's years at Hogwarts?
How many DeLoreans existed at the same time?
Why did Hermione use *Galleons* for DA communication method?
When did Harry become a better wizard than Hermione?
Were there any canon examples of Harry being an innately powerful wizard?
Did Harry use magic in any (or at least significant) way in the Chamber of Secrets?
How did Jaqen H'ghar get caught?
Marvel Excalibur - What was the cause of Kylun's feline adult appearance?
X-Men: Why didn't Psylocke notice Jubilee's presence in the Australian outback?
Who was the Ice King?
In Eureka series 5, how come the crew of the Astraeus don't notice?
In the last episode of The Middleman, is there any pattern to which chyrons are palindromic?
Have there been other humans on Barsoom/Mars?
Did the Firemen in "Fahrenheit 451" put out fires as well?
Scif-Fi Book about Dream Addiction
Were Dementor effects targeted?
Why didn't Kane suffocate before he got back to the Nostromo?
In the Fahrenheit 451˚ universe, how can they maintain 20th century technology?
A science fiction story about a headdress that allows one human to control and experience another human's body
When did Obi-Wan change his name to Ben?
When was the sword of Elendil reforged in Jackson's movie?
Were speeder bikes originally part of the attack on Jabba's sail barge?
Why did this character desert during the Battle of the Blackwater?
Is "TARDIS" an acronym or backronym?
Is there a concept of "parallel/alternate" universes/realities in Star Wars canon?
Were there more “out-of-universe” or “JKR-made-up” magical creatures in Harry Potter universe?
Can Jumanji kill someone?
Spiderman not in Avengers
Where is Victor Fries' family from?
How does Loki survive his fall at the end of Thor?
What makes the Circumstances matter?
Why is David obsessed with "Lawrence of Arabia"?
Does Shatner disapprove of TNG?
Are there vampires in Star Wars?
Did George Lucas ever express any opinion about post-Episode-VI Star Wars stuff?
Were Crabbe and Goyle Death Eaters?
Why 1930's gangster style in Caprica?
When do we find out who Miranda Keyes' Mother is?
What is in underspace?
Which Nightcrawler rescued Wolverine?
Where does magic come from in the Marvel universe?
Sci Fi book with parallel universe, published by 1998
Are things shown but not named in Star Wars movies still G-level canon?
Why doesn't the Sonic Screwdriver "do wood"?
Looking for the name of a novel I read in the last 6 years (2003+ i think)
What was the first appearance of Olympic gods as characters in modern SciFi or fantasy?
Is there any significance in N355 FWU?
Were Edgar Rice Burroughs' Different Planets in the Same Universe?
Was Flash able to hear anything at super speed?
Late 80s sci-fi movie scene: woman morphs into machine/battle station
Why Didn't Snape Take Out Wormtail?
Where Is the Hufflepuff Common Room?
Why call it Star Trek?
Why did Death Star need to orbit around Yavin for so long?
Exactly what happened to Uncle Owen and Aunt Beru?
Who was the first married superhero couple to fight crime as a team?
Find fantasy novel involving fairies, magic and tattoos that harm humans
What evidence exists supporting that Roddenberry thought of TOS as non-canon?
Why Did Voldemort Give Lily So Many Chances to Live?
What info is available about the Engineers from Prometheus?
How did the "black liquid" work in Prometheus?
In Star Trek, is the commute time the same no matter how far the person transports?
Is the Sorting Hat Necessary to Ask Hogwarts for Help?
How do things fly in John Carter?
Why was it likely that the Ents went to their doom?
Why is Sif not Blonde?
1980s story with strange deadly creatures send to a different planet
Why do the Walking Dead zombies stop decomposing?
What is David's intention?
Can Asgardians deflect human weaponry or is it their weapons and technology that protects them?
Did the witches know that the Wizard of Oz was a fraud?
Pen-servo in TOS Assignment: Earth & The Doctor's Sonic Screwdriver
Did Mirage from The Incredibles have powers?
What inspired the Incredibles?
Who is the original in the movie The Prestige?
Why was John Carter's earth body unaltered when he got back from Mars?
Would Hydra's weapons in Captain America have been effective against Asgardians?
How is the batcave kept clean?
Are humans on Barsoom/Mars the same species as Earth's humans?
What did David say to the Engineer?
What is the 'story' of Where's Wally?
Why doesn't Bane reveal Batman's identity?
What is Michael Garibaldi's rank on Babylon 5?
What is the time period for The Eye of the World?
What prompted Edna Mode's "no capes" rule?
What time period did the Engineer disintegrate himself on Earth?
What is Captain America's religion?
How did Captain America change World War 2?
Identify this book in which time/magic vary locally from east to west
What does the song "Iron Man" have to do with the Marvel superhero?
Did Musicians or Other Artists in Harry Potter Use Magic As Part of their Process?
Why was the Triwizard cup portkey in Goblet of Fire two-way?
Why didn't Dumbledore Imperius Fudge?
Book ID: Astronauts and Lab Students can create portals through space
Does Terra Nova end on a cliffhanger?
What short story has a man stuck in a room with books that document all his future actions?
Where does the inorganic plasmic discharge go?
How long can Tony Stark survive without his chest piece?
Did the "Lying Bastard" create the Fist of God?
TV show with a sand pit in the middle of a forest that accelerate aging
Does Stan Lee get paid for his appearances in Marvel movies?
Does the government know each superhero's secret identity?
How long can he be the Hulk before he has to turn back into a puny human?
What enables blood benders to levitate their victims?
Why doesn't Bender go on killing sprees more often?
Short story in English book during high school(70s) about alien who visits boy in his home. Similar to Mork, but more serious
In X-Men: First Class, is Alex Summers related to Scott Summers?
Did Darwin die or survive when Sebastion Shaw put energy in his mouth
Sci-fi Book about The Wall and a group of schoolchildren who fight the dark forces who roam north of it
How long has Zoidberg worked for Planet Express?
How old is Dr. Zoidberg?
Question about the end of "The Ice People"
What are all of Zoidberg's abillities?
How old is Hermes Conrad?
If Jesus had his second coming, were Yivo's angel-creatures a lie?
Are the owls in Futurama a backwards reference to Blade Runner and Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
How is the tablecloth getting covered in blood in LXG?
Who is Dr Moreau's nephew?
How did they assemble the head collection at New New Yorks Head Museum?
Have the Colonial Marines met the Aliens before?
Who ordered the pizza Fry delivers when he gets frozen?
Where did Blearnsball come from?
With how many beings has Fry had "relations"?
Why was Season 5 of Futurama composed of films?
How was the Golden Condor able to fly?
Why would the engineer's ship play the holographs of space jockey drama?
How are the engineer's ships made in such a way that they have rubble debris throughout?
How did ancient civilizations obtain the information to create the star map?
What kind of Medicine did Doctor Zoidberg study?
How were the heads reanimated in the future?
Are there more bending units named Bender?
Excluding Care of Magical Creatures, what were Hagrid's magical strengths?
How many times did Mom and the Professor actually date?
What story features Martians that remember everything?
How old are Mom and her children?
What did Zapp Brannigan do to earn his post?
Why doesn't Nemo notice the dampness of the tablecloth in LXG?
Who can make a portkey that goes into Hogwarts?
Story of two children lost in time?
What happened to the Planet Express crew Leela and Fry replaced?
Was Keeler's Theorem penned for Futurama, or was it the inspiration?
Does Morbo ever make good on his statements?
Has French fallen out of use?
Does Cubert have a clone-day?
How much time is lost in 'Time Keeps on Slippin''
Why did Mad Eye need to use the trophy as a portkey when he could have used anything else?
How could Dudley have wrecked his PlayStation if the PlayStation didn't exist yet?
Why couldn't Harry ditch the cup and pour water straight from his wand into Dumbledore's mouth?
Why didn't Fry wake up in the evening?
What does the "J" stand for in Philip J. Fry's name?
How did Fry knock out the Single Female Lawyer broadcast?
Novel about a young woman, and the doctor who mistakes her for a poltergeist
Futuristic "Govt + Army against rebels" movie with a female central character
No longer sci-fi technology?
Did Dumbledore give Snape his orders before or after Snape took his Unbreakable Vow?
Was Severus Snape a Potions student of Slughorn's?
The Bermuda Tetrahedron
The Late Philip J Fry Time Machine
Solution To Global Warming Crisis
Is Tolkien prejudiced against the East?
What was the purpose of the Legion of Mad Fellows?
Was Bender originally a slave?
Was the concept of The Doctor being half-human mentioned again after the 1996 movie?
How soon after Frodo leaves Middle Earth, do Gimli and Sam leave?
Does Fry's unusual parentage ever effect him adversely?
How do futurama robots acquire names?
Are all robots in the Futurama universe fueled by alcohol?
Has Batman ever had a brother?
Why doesn't dirt need luck?
How Long Did it Take Superman to get to the Earth?
Why is Willy Wonka missing a half off of his things?
Which Spider-Man is he?
Nibblonians with DOOP
How rich is the Wong Family?
The Worth of Diamonds
Futurama's Mutants Rights
Which alien destroys old new york?
How much DNA do Fry and the Professor share?
Where is the Milky Way located in the Futurama universe?
Who fathered Mom's children?
Why didn't the DNA scanner find Fry to be the Professor's (great)ⁿ grandfather?
Was Reincarnation canon?
What version of Blade Runner should I watch first?
How much food does Nibbler require in order to produce one of his dense 1 pound=10,000 pounds power packed pellets of dark matter?
Is Viktor Krum a good wizard?
How is Bender able to return to the exact point in spacetime after travelling thousands of years into the past?
Have all of the Planet Express characters voice actors heads been featured in the Head Museum?
How could Krum compete in the Second Task of TriWizard tournament while transfigured?
Do Muggle Parents Visit Their Muggleborn Children at Hogwarts? Are They Totally Excluded?
Who built Hogwarts?
How come Hermione tried spells before boarding the Hogwarts Express?
How do magic users learn memory modification and other advanced charms?
Is Ron Weasley smart?
Harry Potter for Adults
Why are droids tortured?
How did Harry Always get Dumbledore's Password?
What is the purpose of this room on board the Engineer's ship?
How do the Quidditch cup/points/games factor into the House Cup?
How Big is the Earthican Empire?
Was there a Cyclopian Society?
What is the house hourglass of Hufflepuff filled with?
Most ancient non-muggle events or persons mentioned in Harry Potter?
What's the mechanism by which magic is hereditary?
Do Hutts find humanoid females attractive, and if so why?
Why are there 28 hours in a Futurama day?
Were There Any Real Green Orion Women in Trek Before the Series "Enterprise"?
Why does Bender try to commit suicide if he thought he could just back himself up?
Where did Philip J. Fry get his name?
What was the first school of magic mentioned in modern Fantasy literature?
Why does it seem like owls are more seen than any other animal
How was J recognised as a MiB agent when K wasn't alive to recruit J?
Are the Wonder Twins still around?
What does Rom mean by "If that's what's written, that's what's written"?
What was Hermione Granger's boggart form?
Could a certain character be brought back?
Is Merope's wish actually spell, similar to that spell with Harry?
Can a wizard use more than one wand?
Why was Ron so nasty to Hermione?
Who took care of Teddy?
Does Teddy become a werewolf?
How did Fudge find out about Harry heading to Leaky Cauldron?
Can a Witch or Wizard pick up an abandoned wand and identify its owner?
Why didn't Sansa leave with the Hound?
Does Sirius Black Have Tattoos?
Why would ghosts leave behind slime?
Who was the first metahuman in the DC Universe?
Are the runes on the Magic Mirror the same as the Dwarf runes in The Hobbit?
Powers of Stephen Hawking
Sirius Black and his motorbike
How was Delight changed to Delirium?
When was Hogwarts founded?
Why doesn't Fry return to his original time?
Why did Snape have it in for Neville?
Did "Defense against the Dark Arts" before Barty Crouch teach any actual Defense against the Dark Arts?
Is it possible for Dementors to be contained?
Are the space captains names meaningful?
Who sent the poster ninjas after Scott Pilgrim?
What does the Middle Man say in Hebrew?
What happened to Professor X?
What did Noh-Varr give to Annie?
Do women have the same rights as men in "Starship Troopers"?
How could Dumbledore live longer than normal humans without negative effects?
How did Skeletor lose to He-man when he had powers of the universe?
Who was behind the R3S6 droid from the Republic's side?
Why could Yvonne Hartman attack the other Cybermen?
What would happen if all escape paths of Dementors are blocked by Patronus Charm?
Do the internal inconsistencies of Futurama ever cause it to suffer?
Why couldn't Voldemort trace Harry's residence and kill him?
What is the significance of Lily Luna Potter's middle name?
Wolverine and his Adamantium bones
Would Wolverine continue to function in a vacuum?
First Amalgamated Church
What is this magic orb?
What happened in the Gamma Forest?
How does cross-species (Klingon/Human, Vulcan/Human) breeding work genetically in Star Trek?
Why wasn't Chekov among the Star Trek: The Animated Series crew?
In Prometheus, how did the black liquid help worms but none?
Were there any other Immortals aside from Connor and Duncan MacLeod who were relatives?
Why were the colours of Wolverine's costume yellow and blue?
Do Superman and Dr. Occult team up again after Annual #7?
Where did the Red Brick Road lead to?
Is there any information in canon to indicate that Dumbledore knew that the Marauders were Animagi?
Why does the Batmobile have a changing seat?
Can Captain America be Poisoned?
In War of the Worlds, is the Tripod that grabs Rachel really the same Tripod as in the beginning?
Where do the dolphins fly off to in The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy?
How Common is Same-Planet Transporter Use?
What types of keyboard does Neo/Mr Anderson use?
Trying to find the title of an old movie about a robot like WALL-E
Did Trinity think she would survive jumping out of a window?
Why does the Engineer turn murderous, seemingly without reason?
Why did the Prometheus crew get briefed after arrival instead of before?
What happened to the archangel Gabriel in DC Vertigo after his unfortunate encounter with John Constantine (hellblazer)?
What is Sonic the Hedgehog's maximum running speed?
Identify a 90's Disney movie featuring spaceship "surprise" and futuristic Neo Nazis
Which is stronger, Kaio-Ken or Super Saiyan?
Was Bender programmed to be evil?
Brainiac has a twelfth-level intellect. What level intellect does Superman have?
How long does it take for a Poppler to mature?
How does someone become the leader of Omicron?
Kif's species making it into space
What is the current main source of power in Futurama?
What was the name of this TV show that involved time travel?
What are these other relics in the movie Thor?
Why so many pancakes, Deadpool?
How good a hacker was Neo?
Where did the necromutants go?
How does hunter avoid the Machine?
Why aren't alien planets as varied in climate as the Earth?
Why is the world not completely terrorized by demons in the Buffyverse?
Are there any choices made by the player in the Mass Effect series that are considered canon?
Why would the colonists choose that location for their city?
When did Anakin stop being a Padawan?
Classified project during WWII involving Asimov and Heinlein
Searching for a specific book set in Paris where the main character kills himself at the end?
Why did Harry Potter have to explain the meaning behind "Severus" to his son at the age of 11?
Where did the "Magic Blood" of the Harry Potter Universe Originate From?
Why didn't Voldemort suspect Snape as a double agent during Philosopher's Stone?
In season 3 of Farscape, where did Jothee go?
Precisely How Does the Fidelius Charm Work?
How did the geologist manage to get lost?
What was the original storyline to Empire Strikes Back?
Looking for the title of an anime movie I saw in the 80s
Who in marvel plays a cello?
What comic book line does The Amazing Spider-Man hope to follow?
Looking for title of TV series about boy and an alternative world
What house did Albus and James Potter end up in?
How much would Thor's hammer (Mjolnir) weigh?
When did Han find out who Darth Vader was?
How does superman fight magic?
Why does the effective military strength affect the ending of Mass Effect 3?
Why did Doc need to use a moving car to achieve 88mph?
What happens to the Fleets at the end of Mass Effect 3?
How can Bender not know how robot procreation works?
Temporal Prime Directive in ST: Voyager (spoiler)
How are the celebration shots of Coruscant explained?
Looking for 80's movie with android and space mission
Looking for 80's series or movie about programmable short-term memory
How could Bender have a child?
How powerful were the nine really?
Did the Turtles ever wear colored masks in the comics?
What did the nine achieve?
Could Gandalf have killed the Witch-king?
Who stopped the bullet in the first X-Men movie?
Trying to identify name of 1970s(?) space-opera novel, powered armor
Why are the Istari only allowed to inspire?
Where to start with the Star Wars books?
Did HPL ever draw his creatures, or see drawings in his lifetime?
Who was the first Avatar?
How did the Mi-Go fly through space?
Why so little steam in steampunk?
Is obesity ever addressed in Star Trek?
Why does Gollum address himself as "we"?
Why does Shrek pause before he says his name?
Name this children's sci fi show from my childhood
Were there two Death Stars in construction at the same time?
Was Gandalf's fight against Balrog a violation of "Inspire but don't fight instead of Men" rule?
Why did direct intervention by the Valar lead to major destruction and other negative consequences?
Was the Robed Engineer a Good Guy?
Were the fleeing Engineers already infected, or being chased by monsters?
Did the deaths of Palpatine and Vader make the Jedi more powerful?
What happened to the Jedi who survived Order 66 during the New Republic Era?
Would it be possible to (re)build a Mass Relay?
Why are all the Q named "Q"
Does the computer-system on the Enterprise NCC-1701-D still follow the basic architecture of a Turing Machine?
What is the lifespan of a Gw'oth?
What was the longest natural biological lifespan in Star Wars?
Why didn't Spock save the Romulan Empire by going back in time?
Movie name where in the end the earth-spaceship ends up shooting earth itself after rotated
How did those characters flee so far in the Mass Effect 3 ending?
Time travel story where the hero repeatedly tries to save a woman using government time machine
Why didn't the Emperor withdraw the Death Star from the Battle of Yavin?
When does the Vorkosigan Saga take place?
Why was the stone moved from Gringotts?
Depictions of other aliens from Herbert's "Whipping Star" and "Dosadi Experiment"
Sci-fi/fantasy anthology book series from early 90s with titles 'Unicorns', 'Dragons', 'Fairies' etc
First SciFi book/movie that has species ethics deliberately built based on game theory
Did Elves know of Ents?
Why was there no debugging output in the mind game that Ender played?
What does this quote by Galadriel mean?
Why would a mining vessel have all kinds of advanced weaponry?
Where did The Doctor get his Psychic Paper?
In the Alien series, what is the meaning of the "LV" designation for planets and moons?
Why didn't Iroh inherit?
Looking for identification of SF story where humans are the "ancient evil"
How does each bender produce his or her element?
A story about a family fighting alongside reptilian aliens
Why did Kif join Earth's army?
Why was the Nostromo venting steam into the passageways?
Is this book considered canon in the Alien universe?
Why didn't Harry feel the Cruciatus Curse at the end of Deathly Hallows?
Why did Shran call Archer "Pink Skin"?
Watchmen's The Comedian and the JFK assasination?
Book with dwindling crew entering codes to prevent destruction from computer problems
Can people Exercise in the Matrix?
Do the Machines in "The Matrix" Adhere to the Three Laws of Robotics?
Story with a supercomputer with a God complex
Why does the Death Star's superweapon have to be made up of smaller beams?
Are robots required to propagate Asimov's three laws?
Is the Melancholia "Dance of Death" possible?
How large was Melancholia?
Why did Voyager have tricobalt torpedoes?
How does the command structure of the Machines work?
Looking for a story told by intelligent nuclear bombs about the war they had with humanity
Where were Vulcan sensor & defense when Narada attacked Vulcan?
How did the Kraken die?
Is the ship the crew of the Nostromo find, the same "Engineer" ship that crashed in Prometheus?
In Moon(2009 film), why did the base have so many successive caretakers?
Would dual saberstaffs offer a greater advantage to other lightsabers?
Young adult time travel novel where the hero is recruited by a good scientist and tempted by his evil doppelganger
Was the tracking bug actually inserted into Neos body, or was it a program?
How did Chell end up at Aperture?
Dystopian film involving a child assassin and floating city
Why Didn't Dumbledore Take the Sword of Gryffindor With Him to the Sea Cave (Locket Horcrux)?
Does the replicating process consume any of the bulk matter it converts?
What is the Republic City Police Force (metalbender cops) insignia?
Is Dumbledore a Gryffindor?
Do all goblins in HP universe work at Gringotts or as Artisans?
In Pushing Ice, why did Janus kill people who walked the same path too often?
Why did Nero wait for over decade after arriving in 23rd century?
Why didn't Temporal Agents stop Nero from destroying Vulcan?
The Hobbit: Why did Gandalf insist that Bilbo go with the dwarves?
Is there a reason why Potterverse has no dwarfs?
Can other wizards inside Hogwarts see the door of the Room of Requirement when someone is entering?
Was the 501st an Elite Group before the Rise of the Empire?
Why didn't Agent Smith just die?
How does the Alliance work?
Is Star Wars: The Clone Wars animated TV series canon?
Why didn't the Jedi/Sith use Force pull/push in the generator complex?
As Part Veela, Why Could Fleur Delacour Use Polyjuice Potion to Transform into Harry, and Why Could Hagrid Not?
Which comic book super villain was the first to match wits against a different super hero?
How do souls get around?
What are the reasons to consider the Merovingian 'very dangerous'?
Does the number 1 headband give the power of a god?
Where do the Adventure Time comics fit with the cartoon?
Do most princesses in Ooo have mind-protecting tiaras?
If Deckard is not who he seems to be, how is it that he is hunting replicants?
Did Total Recall take place as the induced dream Douglas chose or as a real event in the movie?
How big was the planet killer from "The Doomsday Machine" episode?
How do the Chaos Gods get "stronger"?
Have people made a correlation with eye color and bending element in Avatar?
In the movie Waterworld, what's the new sea level height compared to the actual?
Looking for a short story involving a Devil's Tuning Fork - 1995ish
Why did the resistance's bullets become ineffective against Mech?
What happens to a traveller or object when a Stargate's iris is closed?
Did Ron's Wand Change Its Allegiance to Lockhart in Chamber of Secrets?
Does Leela's lack of depth perception ever affect her adversely?
How did Nixon not create the future Senator Chris Travers came from?
How did Senator Travers not just survive as a Time Paradox Duplicate
What are Dr. Zoidberg's credentials?
How does human-robot sex work?
How Deep Are Bender's Insides?
If Fry is technically his own Grandfather, what does that make the Professor now?
Does Bender have a heart under that metal chest?
Whats the new fuel replacing dark matter?
Why did Bender go to the suicide booth initially in Space Pilot 3000
How does Fry's grandma not recognize him in the year 1999?
What was written on the paper Bender gave Leela and Fry that said what would happen if they ended up together?
How did Dr. Zoidberg know his parents growing up when they supposedly died upon his conception?
Is the DeLorean in "Back to the Future" able to determine the present time?
Why do martians look Asian?
If Zoidberg were cooked would he change color?
Why was Hermes allowed to say "Star Trek" when it is a banned phrase?
How is it that Santa rampages Earth every X-Mas, and MOM hasn't noticed yet?
In "A Farewell to Arms" wouldn't Earth be destroyed instead of Mars in the parallel universe?
Why are people in "The Duh-Vinci Code" so low-tech?
Who is the President of Earth at the end of Season 4?
How many parallel universes exist in Futurama?
Why do Amy's parents dislike Kif?
Shouldn't Leela's parents' mailbox say "Leela" instead of "Turanga"?
How many battleships has Zapp Brannigan lost?
When did Nixon go from having his huge robotic body, to Agnew?
Why didn't Zoidberg die after having sex with the professor when Fry and Leela were in their bodies?
Why does Bender always say his name after he refers to himself?
What is the story behind the Thug Life tattoo?
Why is Zoidberg so poor?
Is there a difference between a parallel universe and an alternate universe?
What is the true story of Bender's origins?
How many people were needed to get back to their original bodies using the mind switching machine?
Why does the Robot Devil has the worst luck ever?
In any of the Highlander movies (except #2), is there a clear implication that Only One remains?
Why doesn't killing Hitler and Eleanor Roosevelt change the future?
An unmanned spaceship's computer suddenly realizes the computer and ship are seriously damaged
Why does Bender fall in love?
Why does Kif still work for Zapp?
How did Kroenen escape from Tarmagant Island the day Hellboy arrived?
What is the title of the anime with the "DESU" maid?
Does Springfield still exist in the Futurama future?
What was the name of the city which has sunk to the bottom of the sea?
Who are the current members of the main Avengers team in the comics?
Why in the Year 3000 do they still have cars shaped like cars from our time?
Why is the Cryogenics Lab in New New York?
Is the red eye Skitter a new character from season 2?
Why did dogs become extinct in the future, whereas cats did not?
What Time Travel theory does Futurama follow?
How many Immortals are there in Highlander Universe?
Is the Simpsons a cartoon or live-action show in the Futurama universe?
How did Fry survive the alien attacks while in cryosleep?
How many times is the entire universe destroyed in Futurama?
Did the ship visit Hell in the biblical sense, or more like a Deadite universe?
Short story about first encounter with aliens
If the Infinity Gems are so powerful, why can't anyone find them?
Who is the unnamed admiral?
Why does Nibbler's poop only get super heavy after he has pooped it?
How does Riker hold off against the polywater virus?
How does Star Trek faster than light communication work?
What is the basis for Zapp Brannigan's uniform?
In Highlander universe, why don't Immortals just hide?
What is the "Immortal Radar" range?
In the episode "The Late Philip J. Fry" why did Farnsworth attempt to kill Adolf Hitler?
Were there Immortals who did not honor the Holy Ground tradition?
How does a phaser change from Stun to Kill?
Is there any actual science behind the "time viewing" used in Paycheck?
Why is the anomaly visible in the ending of "All Good Things"
What drove Neo to seek out knowledge of "The Matrix" and Morpheus?
Why is Leela 'The Other'?
How did the Immortals know there would be a gathering?
What changes were made to Reloaded, EtM and Revolutions after Gloria Foster died?
How did Iaco Stark become a cyborg?
Who is this Justice League character featured in JL8?
Were the Dursleys the only muggles that could harm Harry at 4 Privet Drive?
Why did the Sith Empire propose the "Treaty of Coruscant" after capturing Coruscant?
Does the Nibblonian excrement, 'Dark Matter', have anything to do with real life 'Dark Matter'?
How does 'seeing the code' help Neo?
Is Phillip J. Fry based on Marty McFly?
Why doesn't Neo teleport at random?
Do all Klingons have piece-meal disruptors?
A couple on a yacht needs medical help but can only get it via radio from an astronaut
Short story about a nuclear war that no one notices
Why is Relativity a ship?
How did Morpheus come to identify Neo as potentially being The One before he met him?
How did the Zionists in the pre-Neo era explain the relative ease of rescuing prisoners?
Does Korra have an Avatar tattoo?
Was executive meddling the cause of "humans as batteries" in The Matrix?
Why so much Hulk? Where's Bruce?
How does Benders son, Ben, remember how to talk without a memory card?
How does one explain Calculon's popularity?
How are holodecks so accurate, when referencing actual events/places?
What is the work that had FTL travel but no FTL communications?
What prompted Riker into 'growing the beard'?
How powerful is Sauron post-ring vs. pre-ring?
Is Cubert Farnsworth a failed project?
How did the Professor get his hands on his old crew's Career Chips?
Fantasy series about magic and non magic humans on related worlds
Could the Transporters information be studied by the Science and Medical Departments?
Who were the first fictional TV characters labeled as jarheads in Futurama?
Why didn't the T-1000 make a more controlled hit at T-800 after damaging the main power module?
Have the words "Bad Wolf" or "Blaidd Drwg" been seen since the 11th Doctor took over the TARDIS?
Which book to read after Game of Thrones episode 10 of the 2nd season?
Why doesn't Alan Scott's Green Lantern ring work on wood or plant material?
Why didn't Rapture collapse due to structural damage?
Woundhealer from Book of Swords series by Fred Saberhagen
What is the lifespan of Humans in Futurama?
Why aren't the Sunset Squad doing their jobs?
Control Over Robot Babies
Are there any companies other than "Mom's Robots" that makes robots?
In the Old Kingdom Trilogy by Garth Nix, why do the inscriptions on certain swords always change?
How canon are the Dark Tower comics?
Why is Cersei commonly referred to as "Cersei Lannister" instead of "Cersei Baratheon"?
Old short story about aliens posing as highway tire treads on the side of the road?
Please help identify this multi-point of view fantasy novel
What's the name of this fantasy tv show?
In "Utopia", how does Martha know the Master's voice?
Who is in the Amazing Spider-Man Post Credits Scene?
Did Bender grow or did he replace his shell?
Wouldn't a nuclear engine inside a Terminator be dangerous for the cyborg itself?
What is the source of energy for T-1000?
Why is Nibbler's name so close to the species name of the Nibblonians?
Why did the bullets curve in the Wanted movie?
Has Batman ever fought Superman (and won) in the mainstream continuity?
Whose bodies are the agents possessing when we first see them?
Why are "Batman" and "Superman" both one word but "Spider-Man" is hyphenated?
In the Doctor Who episode "Utopia", how do people in the distant future know English?
How do Eldar Rangers get back to their craftworld?
A short story from 1968-1971 about alien archeologists re-animating human remains for questioning
What exactly happened with the whole Lars thing?
Is Skynet a centralized system or not?
How did the First Evil take the shape of Buffy?
Book about kids with mental powers and aliens
Was there really a 1955 Enchantment under the Sea dance timeline with just one Marty Mcfly?
How many times does Sam's rope save the day?
Did Mom have a chicken farm?
Is Madame K dead?
Does anyone call Sam Samwise?
How did the alien grow so fast in Prometheus?
I am looking for a sci-fi novel that I read back in the 80's, similiar to the current tv series Alphas
How come SG-1 couldn't get back to Earth?
How did Uther Doul capture The Brucolac?
Why was Harry casting shield charms against Voldemort in the Battle of Hogwarts?
Can a waystone be lost without being destroyed?
What was this book about a labyrinth?
Why was Bender made in a factory in Mexico but Ben wasn't factory made?
How did Smeagol turn into Gollum?
Why didn't Professor Umbridge inspect Professor Binns' class?
Could Tom Bombadil have defeated Sauron?
Did Aragorn touch the Palantir in the book?
Foresight in Tolkien
Movie where memories could be shaped into real-world entities
Story about lost colonized planet sent into orbit around "free" star
What is the cataclysm that befalls Earth in Wool?
What does Leela have on her right forearm?
Do the Deathly Hallows provide any extra power when all are possessed by one person?
Who was the first "Super Hero" without any super powers to be published in the comics or newspapers?
Do the different colors of the R2 units denote any specific differences?
Please help me identify a bad pulp novel from the mid 1980s
Book about a young man who goes questing with a magic knife made from his gardening tool
Is Dr. Jackson a crutch for the writers?
Why was Samantha Carter on SG-1?
Why did Tony Stark become lethargic when his arc reactor was removed?
Could the Death Star take out Coruscant?
What happens to Mars after the apocalypse?
Can Gandalf actually appear out of nowhere like in 'The Hobbit'
How were the EVAs really constructed?
Book about aliens who attack Earth and destroy the Sun
What are the differences between Spider-man and Ultimate Spider-man?
Why was Superman made practically physically invulnerable?
Who or what is Boss Smiley?
Has Superman ever been attacked by changing our sun?
Was Smallville (the show) ever considered canon in the DC universe
How does All Star Superman fit into continuity?
What was this story about alien food?
What happens when somebody steps off the Grand Staircase at Hogwarts between floors?
"The line of Nimloth is older far than your line, King Elessar"
What is the complete list of ships in the Futurama Mobius Dick graveyard for us die hard scifi fans?
Is Calculon Dead?
What is the maximum effective range of the Death Star's Superlaser?
Did the photo of a woman and a pony really exist?
Is there a list of Stargate 'arc' episodes anywhere?
What side are Rogue and Havok on in Avengers vs X-Men?
What is Rogue's normal "uniform"?
What Farscape Episodes Are Important to the Arc?
How old is Aragorn when he fights at Helm's Deep?
Does 2312 take place in the same universe as the Mars Trilogy?
What was the point of trying to escape after first contact with Q?
Why did cage of Q need to pursue USS Enterprise-D with a finite Warp speed?
Why is Scorpius so interested in Stykera?
Where is the Oscorp Tower located?
When did humans first meet aliens?
Can any new information be canon if J.R.R. Tolkien is dead?
How does a Wizard change his colour?
What purpose did Dr. Malcolm serve in touring Jurassic Park?
Where do teachers sleep at Hogwarts?
What's the last episode Master Roshi appears in?
How much of Thor's power could Rogue steal?
How Do Death Eaters Send Messages Via the Dark Mark?
Why is Geordi the only guy with a visor?
Why are there no non-humanoid Borg?
Why didn't Loki's staff work on Tony Stark?
Wolverine (with a criss crossed skin?) rescues the X-men which are in a strange hallucinated world
Were there any "Starship Troopers" comics closer to the spirit of the book than the movie?
Do the paradox-self-resolving time spheres work by the same principles as the Professor's forward-in-time machine?
Would Sauron's army reach the Undying Lands if the Ring was not destroyed?
Where does this part from the Firefly theme come from?
What are the Undying Lands?
How did Dr. Zoidberg get his degree in medicine?
What did Gandalf actually try as passwords for Moria's gates?
What does the Spider-man symbol on 1980's comic covers mean?
Why does Venom's webbing come from above his wrists?
To whom did Jaime Lannister lose on a previous tournament that people talk about in season one and what was the tournament honoring?
Is it possible to approximate an average wizard's wage?
Can't remember a story about people having unique knacks
Can Sauron's body from the second age with the ring of power be destroyed without separating the ring?
What was George Lucas' reasoning for changing Anakin's head?
How did Sauron survive before the ring was created?
Why doesn't The Amazing Spider-Man have eight limbs and a spider's face?
Why do people step to positions to be transported, even if there isn't a transporter pad?
Kessel Run in 12 parsecs: screenplay error, or part of the movie?
Time travel movie: police officer/government agent observes the past through a wormhole to prevent a terrorist attack
Who has been dead (and gotten better) the longest?
Is there any evidence regarding Aragorn having a beard in Tolkien?
What material is the snitch in Harry Potter made out of?
Did any Quidditch games ever end by agreement of the Captains?
Animated show with character that has no legs
In Record of Lodoss War, how much time has passed from the beginning to the end of the series?
Looking for a book with two races, one who can use magic, one who can use machines
What was on the whiteboard during the Futurama Live Q&A?
Is there a transcript of the Futurama Live Q&A available?
Is human cloning permitted in the 31st century?
Is there a list of Force powers?
What happens to Odo when he is hit by a phaser?
Film, seen 30 years ago, where a ship is traveling in some last ditch effort to a planet, that turns out to be earth
How was Hector Barbossa resurrected?
Who adds the page to John's journal in Supernatural?
Do we find out who the Talon of the Court of the Owls is?
In Star Trek why is there a kill setting on phasers?
Does Caprica reach some sort of conclusion?
What objects can be used as wand substitutes?
Name of this fantasy/urban fantasy book w/ trolls and fairies
How Long Was It "Stately Wayne Manor?"
Why do first years cross the lake to get to the castle?
How did Dr Frankenstein get enough plus size parts to make his oversized creation?
What comic order does Batman's Knightfall arc occur in?
Is Back to the Future flux capacitor a capacitor in the first place?
What happens when an object is too big to materialize on the other side of the stargate?
Why would the Force become so mysterious and unrecognized after only 20 years?
Movie where a teacher is sent to a desert world with a ring
Made-for-TV Nickelodean movie with a group of young teens and one adult
Why is Fry's fro all frizzy?
Which came first, the "S" or the Superman?
Early 90s YA novel about a kid into special FX who meets an (animatronic, yet possibly alive) dragon
In Greg Bear's novel Moving Mars, what is the name of the Turing-test-like test they used to validate artificial intelligences?
Series about children transported into classic stories
Is Morbo serious?
Why do bridge non-Captain officers commonly go on away missions?
How true to character is the movie portrayal of Nick Fury?
Were there military personnel / branches of service in Federation aside from StarFleet?
What kind of creature was the first movie monster to be described as "Undead"?
Book about people visiting Venus
What stages are in Kif's species life cycle?
Futurama Foreshadowing a Cataclysmic Event
What is this Alien Species in Futurama
Are the Doctor Who books canon?
Source of the X-Men's mutations?
Which science fiction TV show was the first to be adapted to the big screen?
Re-reading an established comic book series
Transcripts of Futurama
What are Allana Solo's Force abilities?
Looking for a Chewing Gum Monster
Trying to identify a short story about a dog and how it's being left behind resulted in a human /alien race alliance
What is the point of the hand signals in "Close Encounters"?
What was Sarah Bartowski's nee Walker birth name
Did Palpatine know immediately when the Death Star was destroyed?
Were Elves half the size of Humans?
What happened to Old New York?
What was the Hookah-Smoking Caterpillar smoking?
Are there in-universe explanations for how some species' appearances change between series?
Why does Farnsworth have a wheelchair?
In Hunter X Hunter, what is Kurapickt's gender?
What happens to the "strangers" at the end of Dark City (1998 movie)?
Sources on information's traveling back in time and becoming its own source
If Doomsday was so powerful, why couldn't he get out of his restraints?
Sith using the light side of the Force?
How did the transmision in the episode Lrrreconcilable Ndndifferences reach Omicron Persei 8 without a delay?
What is Venom in Batman?
Why didn't Asajj Ventress use Force lightning?
What is "a small goblin-imp"?
Looking for the author of a series of books about aliens traveling forward and backwards in time
Why do comic companies do cross-overs?
Why was lightning linked with firebending?
Does warp drive permit safe, near- or above- lightspeed travel through atmospheres?
How do the inheritance of Allomantic powers work?
Suggested starting place for Ghost in the Shell
Why is the color of Avada Kedavra green?
What is the biggest display of power through the Force in Star Wars?
What happened to Megatron's spark?
When and how did Barbara Gordon (Batgirl) start walking again?
Do we really know the scale of things in Star Wars?
Was there anything Geordi could have done to avoid the visor hacking?
Cracks in the Universe & Language
Why does Bender need to sleep?
What legend did the guy with the ship-hat represent in Time Bandits?
Why did it take Lupin three days to shake the Death Eater tailing him?
Which reality is the Guardians of the Galaxy (2008) series set in?
Will Quasar and Adam Warlock appear in the Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
In which comic does Adam Warlock die and in which is he reborn?
How did Yoda watch Luke Skywalker?
Who else was at Hawkman's funeral besides the five speaking characters?
Why was Darth Vader called Lord Vader?
Does the Big Guy have a name?
David Lister is the last human being in the Universe. What happened to the rest of the human race?
A Starfleet officer walks into Quark's
Do the fissures from the Guardians of the Galaxy affect other titles?
Is Vader sincere with Luke in ESB?
Why didn't Vader let Luke kill the Emperor, or even kill him himself?
How does River Song keep escaping from prison?
What is the secret behind Valyrian roads?
What ever happened to the last of the sons of Feanor?
Does Superman have his own set of laws?
Seva, the fictional Greek Goddess of Destruction, in a pre-1955 book
When did they cure the common cold in Star Trek?
What, if any, storylines did The Dark Knight Rises borrow from?
Is there any canonical support of a relationship between these two characters?
What happened to Bane that requires him to breathe using an apparatus?
Was Joseph Gordon-Levitt's character, John Blake based on any comic book characters?
Was the original hobbit name of Bilbo and Frodo "Bilba" and "Froda"?
Dark Knight Rises data upload
Clarification about the conclusion of Dark Knight Rises
What event precipitated the Batsuit becoming bulletproof?
Did Superman ever formally acknowledge any jurisdiction/chain of command?
How was the Rebellion financed?
Gaiman's Hamnet
How can the events of Phantom Traveller be explained
Regulus Black and the Horcrux Cave
What is the episode where person is the power source for the city defense shield?
Why is Rocket Raccoon a raccoon?
What is a mentat in the Marvel universe?
Who’s this big Marvel superhero in a blue suit?
Who was the first DC/Marvel Comic book Hero character with magic based powers?
Is the age of Tony Stark consistent with the appearance of his father in the Captain America movie?
What happened to the Joker in The Dark Knight Rises?
Are there any hunters from Supernatural who haven't faced a personal tragedy?
Astronomy in Middle-earth
Do you really have to salt the bones, before you burn them?
TV series of a spy
In what order should I watch the Digimon movies and TV series?
Can there ever be any more angels, demons, or monsters?
What work of SciFi or Fantasy was the first to depict small scale removable computer data storage media?
Why is Minas Morgul Green?
What applications of Sith magic have there been?
Who was the judge in The Dark Knight Rises?
What's the difference between the terms "oliphaunt" and "mumakîl"?
How did John Blake make his discovery?
Do Wolverine's cells ever die?
Is the Hulk immortal?
Why do cenobites attack non-characters in Hellraiser 3?
Bane's age and his physique in The Dark Knight Rises
How does Bane know Bruce is the Batman?
Where was Jonathan Crane/Scarecrow imprisoned before The Dark Knight Rises?
How does Bruce travel from The Pit to Gotham City?
How does Bane's crew know where to dig?
What was Blake picking up at the end of the movie?
Why would Bane continue to supply the police?
Why does Stan Lee name characters first and last names alike?
Were Nazgul horses regular horses?
Does Sam's 'go-juice' make him physically stronger too?
Why don't Elves like Dwarves?
Why is it that after 8,000 years, technology in Westeros has not evolved in the world of the Game of Thrones?
What happened to the Sith Emperor from Star Wars: The Old Republic?
Could the Hulks procreate?
What is the fate of the Koloss?
Did the Dwarves do anything to help during the War of the Ring?
Is there a reason the Daleks would use a toilet plunger as their arm?
What additional powers does the Phoenix Force grant the "Phoenix Five"?
Does the disc always return to the thrower?
Where did the Space Invaders come from?
How big was the Vulcan state before they joined the Federation?
Is Goldberry a regular mortal woman?
Why did they name the movie "Blade Runner"?
In Dune are specifics given as to what the "Suk Imperial conditioning" of Dr Yueh actually is?
What did Sam see?
Why don't more demon spawn exist?
What exactly was Laseen's plan for the Bridgeburners?
Why did Starfleet choose saucer-shaped starship design?
How does Galadriel know that Gandalf 'survives' his encounter with the Balrog?
What is the purpose of ballistics tests in The Dark Knight?
Are Futurama comic books canon?
Presidential Heads
In Moon (2009 film), who are in the hallucinations?
Planet Express Ship Blueprints
Why did Palpatine decide to take over the Republic?
How tough is Batman's armor in "The Dark Knight Rises"
Why was Gimli given a Scottish accent in the Lord of the Rings films?
Why does the League of Shadows target Gotham?
When the liquid metal terminators change their appearence, do they still feel like metal?
Why did Yoda not take on another apprentice after Episode III?
How did 'the trickster' know Sam and Dean were in town?
Is there a list available of all of the rules of acquisition?
At what orientation do devil traps stop working?
Is Harvey Bullock in the Chris Nolan Batman movies?
In the movie "In Time", has the currency always been "Time"?
How does the "time" technology stop a person from aging?
What would the sky look like standing inside a Dyson Sphere?
What was the last thing Batman said to Commissioner Gordon?
Trying to remember the title of a zombie novel
ShieldBreaker from Book of Swords series by Fred Saberhagen
What does Batman throw at Bane while in the sewers?
How does Bane eat?
What happened on the night of Bill and Fleur's wedding?
What was the significance of the scar on Miranda Tate's back?
Has Chris Nolan commented officially on the theme of Dark Knight Rises?
Why does Roy Batty save Deckard from falling?
What happens if you die before your ten years are up?
Are Enochian sigils visible to humans?
What are the tiers of angelic and demonic ranking?
Is the Colt Demonic?
What are the reasons for the feud between Bilbo and the Sackville-Bagginses?
Why did Bruce Wayne have sex with this character?
Why does Count Fenring choose not to kill Paul Atreides at the end of Dune?
Are armouries, weapons and the Bat in "Dark Knight rises" attainable by current technologies?
What happened to Juliet and Beckett?
What is the earliest example in sci-fi or fantasy FILM containing a family link between Hero and Villain?
Who has defeated Lady Shiva?
Could the Elder Wand be repaired and used again?
How many times Harry Potter movies didn't follow books?
Minesigns in Discworld
Is this from an actual episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation?
Who was the first DC/Marvel costumed crime fighter credited as being a former Olympic athlete? 
Is there magic without devil worship in Supernatural?
Why must the water of the Mirror of Galadriel not be touched?
What are the webs under Spidey's arms for?
Where was Spider-Man's "Spider Sense" when he was hit by a bullet?
Where was the main character in Outlander from?
How does the Xenomorph evolution timeline work in the Alien/Predator universe?
A Fishful of Dollars
Is there any significant meaning behind the term "Saruman of Many Colours"?
Is there any significance to the license plates of the Winchester's Chevy Impala?
What is the fate of Spot's litter of kittens?
What was the implication at the end of The Dark Knight Rises?
Is lightning bending common in Korra's time?
Why did Yellow Eyes have yellow eyes?
Short story about alien suffering memory problems trapped in a house
What is the white flag outside of Starfleet Academy?
Story with time travel into the future and uncommunicative post-humans who bury themselves
Looking for the title of a book from about 1980-81 that showed a history timeline of the future
Which actress accrued the most TV screen time as Catwoman?
Was NX-01 not a Federation ship?
Was Frodo able to see that Gandalf wore Narya and Elrond wore Vilya?
When was The Doctor born?
How many Palantíri are accounted for?
What is the purpose of the Red Hour in The Return of the Archons?
How much web can Spider-Man produce?
Would Ents be more like humans or trees?
Why wasn't the young Palpatine (Darth Sidious) identified as a potential Jedi at birth?
Why are the Stark wargs losing their sense of Shaggydog?
Was the Enterprise in "The Motion Picture" actually a refit of the one in the TV series?
Does Star Trek ever allude to Sulu's sexual orientation?
Why did Talia Al'Gul have to forgive her father?
What did the people in the prison chant in The Dark Knight Rises?
How far back does the Campbell line go?
What is the Creeper?
Which work of science fiction was first to link alien invaders with Halley's Comet?
What book did Luke Skywalker resurrect himself in?
Was Bishop II actually a human?
Where will Jackson draw from to expand the Hobbit into three films?
Identify book where murdering antagonist uses FTL communication to bypass 3-implant-per-person limit
What color can lightsabers be?
Klingon evolution
What was Isaac Asimov's first work?
Has there ever been a black lightsaber?
Is any reason given for the low sea level?
Why does US Robotics destroy Lanning's house?
Why didn't the demolition bot stop once it became obvious Spooner was in the house?
Do the 3 laws protect animals?
Was the first T-800 sent from Europe?
Molly in The Last Unicorn
What were Madame Maxime's horses that drew Beauxbatons carriage?
How could the Imperius curse affect someone's physical abilities?
Was the fact that Connor MacLeod won the Prize in movies ever retconned explicitly in later continuity?
Is the ring poem slightly inaccurate? Who wrote it?
Identify a short story where a young boy is time-shifted several minutes into the future
What did the Menoa Tree take from Eragon?
Identification: short story about an astronaut who travels back in time to stop himself
Roberto The Insane Robot
10 Years of Unpaid Taxes
How was the Justice League formed?
Did JRR Tolkien ever write any music for the many songs in The Lord of the Rings?
The Nazgul are afraid of fire, but can they be harmed by it?
Short sci-fi story about a man who can make things with his mind
Is vampire blood, deadman's blood?
Book with children disappearing and animal suicides
Scene where monster inside a toilet is shot
Can Luke deflect and absorb Force lightning?
The Witch-king and the Barrows of Cardolan
What do the people of the Middle Earth use as their best food source?
How do Hobbits come to be so rich?
Why are there so many different bat symbols?
Why does Rufus think De Nomolos is dead?
What is 'station'?
What's that 1950s movie where astronauts land on Mars but Martians trick them to thinking it's their Earth hometown?
Dooku and Sifo-Dyas
At the start of A New Hope are Yoda and Obi-Wan really the last remaining Jedi?
Are the 4th and 5th extensions to the 3 Laws of Robotics validated by Asimov?
How Do Daleks Reproduce?
Can Soresu be used against Soresu?
Identify short story where two humans  to save the species follow directions from a computer to procreate
Was the negative zone gate at 42 breached?
Nimbus Battleship
When did Warehouse 13 reference John Ringo’s novels?
Does Station stay with the Wyld Stallyns?
Are all Jem'Hadar implicit killers at birth?
Why did Blake draw the Batman symbol on things?
Why did they build a Hedonismbot?
Is Superman really super compared to other Kryptonians?
Why do werewolves from Supernatural eat their victims hearts?
How old is Slartibartfast?
What keeps lightsabers from going through each other?
Why aren't people allowed to leave King's Landing?
Why don't Terminators have perfect aim?
Why are Aragorn and the Rangers of the north not trusted nor respected locally?
How did the Emperor punish Darth Vader?
When do Stargates close?
Story Identification: High Level Espers leave Earth to found their own world
Book Search, Tyrant Earth, "Ghost" Soldiers, Hellbore
Is there a reference in the first line of Madeleine Robins' "Petty Treason"?
What exactly are the Watchers that guard the Tower of Cirith Ungol in Mordor?
Have we ever seen a demon manifest without posession?
Does Batman whisper/change his voice in the comics?
How many characters have appeared in both Marvel and DC comics?
How could spectators watch the Tri-Wizard events?
What's the point on assimilating humans for the Cybermen?
How close is The Hunger Games movie to the first book in the trilogy series?
How does Batman fight magic?
What would happen if a female vampire hybrid was bitten?
Could Data have been reconstructed using the transporter at the end of Star Trek Nemesis?
Where did The Doctor learn to play football?
Is it the TARDIS that allows the Doctor to speak baby?
Why are all observers white males?
Whose heaven is it anyway?
Why was Claudia helpless? Why did she need a protector in the movie version of Interview With The Vampire?
Does Frodo believe he can challenge Sauron?
How did they clone Ripley?
Is this Bane pose inspired by comics?
City locations in TV series Supernatural
1980s TV show where a man wakes from cryogenic suspension and discovers he is just a head?
Why was Ulysse the first human to speak?
Can anyone identify a short story from 70's or 80's where genderless clones mated on "Pool Day"?
Shouldn't Geordi have been able to see the heat signatures of the 'Invisible' aliens?
Where to obtain the theatrical trailer for The Matrix (1999) in a 640x274 (or higher) resolution?
When did Gabriel go into hiding?
Who were the first alien species in the Star Wars galaxy?
Skynet - were AI's actions evidence of Intelligence?
Was T-X in some way responsible for Skynet's offensive actions on Judgement Day in T3?
Are bronzing victims conscious?
In "Past Tense", why does Major Kira so quickly accept a random guess for the year to transport back to?
Did Lord Voldemort know of Neville's status as a "possible other Prophecy boy"?
Are there any purely Northern mythology elements in Harry Potter world?
How could students be allowed to take such a dangerous detention as the Forbidden Forest?
How did John Connor get an intact Terminator to send back in time?
How does the flux capacitor work?
A book series about stones that give people power
What "older and more serious discipline" did Cordelia fall back on?
Are swords usually referred to as male, or female?
Story ID, blue planet/sun, ice ring, spider aliens, possibly man named Ty
Do comic characters sometimes get drawn like the actor playing them?
Are comics shifting away from revealing costumes for women?
What is Hawkeye's association with the colour purple?
What is a "Plutition Camp"?
Subtractive Magic and the Pristinely Ungifted in the Sword of Truth
How did Son'a obtain such an advanced technology infrastructure in such a short time?
Name of film where end scene has ringed planet rising over ocean?
Why would Worf go through puberty in ST: Insurrection?
Movie where the main actress doubles as real dancer and as a dancing machine
Does Islam as we know it exist in Supernatural?
Name of fantasy film from the early 80s or late 70s with an elf and villain wearing metal helmet?
Why do Leviathans have a taste for human flesh?
TV Series from the mid-nineties where kids go into a computer
What did the Istari (other than Gandalf and Saruman) contribute to the struggle against Sauron?
What prompted the strict continuity of the DC animated universe?
Why do Harry and Dumbledore need to get the memory from Slughorn?
Sci-fi/fantasy TV pilot from the 90s about a frontier doctor
The Stormtroopers know who to take orders from. Are there ways that Star Wars movie fans can tell the difference in their rank?
Back from the Dark Side
Does the fantasy genre garner more sequels and series? If so, why?
What was the first SciFi work that had a "biologically different" intelligent race?
Are there any precision examples of telekinesis in Star Wars?
How did Luke Skywalker learn the ways of the force so quickly?
In which situations does a wizard's patronus change due to love?
Why did Voldemort think that luring Harry into the Ministry would work?
Why is the Ministry empty when Harry gets there in Order of the Phoenix?
Does seeing someone fall through the veil count as seeing death?
What would happen if you tied a rope to a person when they went through the veil?
Why would Flitwick teach 16 year olds how to turn vinegar into wine?
Why were the Death Eaters so lenient during the fight at the Department of Mysteries?
Is there a work where a spacecraft lands using a skycrane like the Mars Science Laboratory (Curiousity)?
What was meant when Arko said this line?
What was the first sci-fi work that had an intelligent virus/bacterium?
Who is Harper and what is her relationship with Batman?
The Earth 2 Pantheon
What should I read before Batman, Incorporated?
What constitutes "true" undead?
Name of 80s sci-fi film involving scientists recording a persons memory
Is Earth the same size as the Riverworld?
Was Zoidberg a competent doctor before the Yeti crushed his skull?
What was injected into the doctor at the beginning of The Dark Knight Rises?
How is the Iron Man platform capable of maneuvering in flight?
Who was the first comic book hero to have a bullet proof uniform?
Can an Aes Sedai use the One Power as a Weapon on a Darkfriend?
If an Aes Sedai makes a promise, is she compelled to keep it?
How many times has Abeloth escaped?
Did Palpatine know about Padmé's twins and the destruction of the Death Star through the Force?
Is Trelane related to or associated with the Q continuum?
Why Don't Newly Immortal Humans React Like Jack Harkness?
Why was command of USS Enterprise NCC-1701 given to Christopher Pike from Kirk?
Looking for young adult series about a kid who escapes earth and goes starship racing
How were ZPM's Made?
Where was the first appearance of the idea that Batman is the real personality and Bruce is the mask?
Why didn't someone entertain the idea of creating clone army of force sensitives?
Why does an X-Wing have this name when there is no "X" in the Aurebesh alphabet?
Why did Anakin cut the hand of Windu just to save Palpatine?
Help identifying a sci-fi book with short stories about portals
What happened to the nuclear bomb headed for New York City?
Who are the two characters appearing in the background of superhero kids books?
How is a hoverboard powered in Back to The Future?
Have the Douwd made any other appearances in Star Trek canon other than "The Survivors"?
Did the trio (and others) go back to finish at Hogwarts?
Did the Triwizard Tournament continue after 1994?
Have we seen all of those Hanks?
Why does Azazel not have to see to teleport?
Name of sci-fi horror from 80s with a small eye on tentacle coming out of mans forehead
What was the story about a man with an eye on his tongue/finger?
Is Galadriel's gift of the phial to Frodo just a coincidence?
Why does the Red Hulk stay as the Red Hulk?
Why can't the Phoenix Five destroy the Red Hulk?
Is the Red Hulk's radiation intense enough to harm people?
Can hulks be shut down psychically?
Are female super heroes often referred to by their common names?
Why does Phoenix Colossus refer to Kitty as 'Katya'?
What was C-3PO basing his odds on?
Why did Saruman not kill Gandalf?
What is the secret of Superman's suit?
Is the creature in Superman #11 a known figure?
Why does Saruman travel to Fangorn forest?
Help--short story where high ranking humans are given the privilege of working
Who is still alive from the original Avatar in the Legend of Korra series?
How did Fangorn's trees destroy the fleeing Orcs?
Do muggleborns get their letter on their 11th birthday or the summer before they start Hogwarts?
Is Legilimency a Dark Art? Is it Legal?
What could Harry do that Krum couldn't?
Why does Marty McFly Jr look exactly like his father?
What would Stannis think of Daenerys Targaryen's claim to the Iron Throne?
Is it possible to build an instrument which can travel faster than light?
What did the Engineers actually initiate on Earth in Prometheus?
How does young Spock know about the spaceship?
How did Plava Laguna intend to deliver the stones to Leeloo?
Does losing part of your body reduce the amount of Force power you can wield?
Is the relation between midi-chlorian count and Force ability a correlation or a causation? If the latter, in which direction?
Who else was on the council?
Can an avatar pass on their non-native bending genes?
Were any Hobbits killed by Saruman's henchmen?
How can Bumi be a non-bender?
Book about a man who goes forward in time while sitting in his chair
How does Jadzia Dax not remember Joran in Equilibrium?
Why did Tarrlok do what he did at the end of Season 1?
What inspired the hybrid animals seen in the Avatar cartoon?
How old was Korra when she was discovered she was the Avatar?
Do Vulcans get a patina when exposed to the sun?
Can hybrid Vulcan/Humans procreate, or are they like mules?
How do story-related dreams happen?
Why is Spock's blood copper based if he is half human?
In how many episodes did the Doctor wear a fez?
Philip K. Dick Essay
Why didn't the Ferengi just steal the whole NX-01?
Why did Kliss need so much food?
Can Korra now go into the avatar state when ever she wants?
Did our universe exist in "Supernatural", before the Winchesters arrived?
Can a Force-user split an atom with the Force?
In Aliens, did Burke have a plan at the end?
How large is the Dominion?
Children's fantasy series with a symbol consisting of a circle divided into quarters
In Total Recall 2012, how could they build that rail system with so few people left on Earth?
Sci-fi type of show where a guy traveled in search of his wife and helped solve paranormal cases along the way
Was Nagini Technically an Inferius When She Possessed Bathilda Bagshot's Body?
Is Tolkien's Middle-earth in our Universe?
Dead alcoholic gets a second chance, helped by Judas
Why does Lyra-a have two belly buttons?
Is everything in later episodes of Adventure Time just a dream?
What happens if a muggle-born wizard doesn't want to learn magic?
Are Muggle-born Wizards automatically subject to Wizarding Laws?
Can you identify this Starship?
What prevented the Sphere Builders from correcting their mistakes?
How did the Sphere Builders build the Spheres?
Who put the seals on Lucifer's cage?
Does Dean's reaper, Tessa always appear the same?
What was the first first robot with a totally human appearance?
In The Walking Dead, what did Dr. Jenner tell Rick?
What did the crowd think it took to win renewal in “Carrousel?”
Why does Sauron release Gollum/Smeagol after he has interrogated him?
Is there off-brand Tru Blood?
How does the water tribe use water to heal?
What printed materials from Avatar: The Last Airbender are canonical?
Why do the Sith use red-colored lightsabers, but the Jedi don't?
Why did Dobby cheat his master?
Synthetic crystal v. Natural crystal in lightsabers
How did Gandalf not lose his ring?
YA series with a housekeeper or protector robot and set on a planet with a harsh sun
Looking for a collection of scary stories for children
Book about a teenager who steps though a painting on to a ship
Information about Wizards in the Lord of the Rings
First use of the term "warp" to denote travel/speed?
Did Dobby know about Horcruxes during/before Chamber of Secrets?
How many different robots were sent back in time in the entire Terminator franchise?
What is the etymology of "xenomorph" in the context of the Aliens franchise?
Why didn't anyone throw Horcruxes in Veil of Department of Mysteries?
What would happen if Voldemort was pushed through the Veil in the Department of Mysteries before destruction of the horcruxes?
Why didn't John Connor give a good cover story to Kyle Reese?
Why wasn't Kyle Reese sent back in time earlier than T101?
Why were the "infiltrator" T101 units built on such a conspicious body?
Which work of Scifi/fantasy was the first to depict a person as a hologram?
Do Aliens (Xenomorph) have cells?
Are the Star Trek Next Generation rank pips based on anything from real life?
Does Armstrong and Archer share a universe with X-O Manowar?
How did Jack find the Doctor's hand?
Novel where “sub-standard” humans are sent to perform space exploration
Was the Ice King Dreaming too?
Female protagonist that is sick in one reality and well in another
How do people know Jon Snow is a bastard just by his name?
Has Lois Lane ever gotten killed and been brought back to life?
Anyone remember a movie where a man is hunting a killer and a scientist gives him an arm band that resurrects the wearer?
Why was Cyrus Redblock able to briefly exist outside of the holodeck doors?
Were holodeck emitters on USS Enterprise-D able to create holograms outside the physical boundaries of holodeck room?
A postapocalyptic comic in the US published in the 80's?
Episodes index for Terminator - The Sarah Connor Chronicles - The Complete First Season on Blu-Ray
What is TSR's Warhawks Comic-Modules issue number count
Which books should I have read before each book in the Thursday Next series?
In A Song of Ice and Fire, do the bastards of commoners also get "natural" surnames?
Story/movie about Earth broken into pieces and then reformed by the survivors
Remote vacation planet and an interstellar war
Who is the defense attorney in Parke Godwin's 'The Snake Oil Wars'?
How is Data powered?
Did Data and Tasha Yar's 'relationship' continue after the polywater incident?
Could you bend blood out of the body?
Why doesn't Skynet employ miniaturization?
How many years did Lister survive after coming out of stasis?
Where did the High Evolutionary get the soul gem?
Does Christian Bale die at the end of Equilibrium?
In Alloy of Law, was Miles a gold savant?
Book where a nanotech suit doubles as a spaceship and the hero is cast out of society
Short story describing an alien invasion where humans are the invaders
Why does the Doctor need so much time to think and do research?
How was Harry able to block a Killing Curse conjured by a Death Eater that was aimed at Hagrid in Deathly Hallows?
Novel where alien prisoners crash on Earth and are hidden in a remote prison
Would an alien chestburster be classified as a parasite or as a hybrid?
If I have seen the TV show Games of Thrones, is it worth it to read the books?
How is it possible for a single strike to shut down Skynet in the future?
If you drink nothing but holy water, are your bodily fluids holy?
Remembering a 90's childrens book about disease, female protagonist with a mutant sheep?
Why don't more villains die/become crippled?
How can the Next Generation's unfamiliarity with the Borg be explained after Archer's encounter?
Could a ship warp into Borg cube and destroy it?
Where do Green Arrow and Hawkeye get their arrows?
Are batarangs aerodynamic enough to fly?
How did Harry make glass disappear in London zoo without a Wand?
How to identify a magic user?
In Far From Home, how can the Green Lantern keep using his ring?
Was Zeck Morgan in Dragon Army?
Why do Dana and Tully act so differently?
How did Dr. Crusher not get infected with the airborne virus in the episode "Angel One"?
Which Spider-man comic series aligns closest with the 1994 animated TV series?
Why do Star Trek ships have weapons when there are better means to destroy enemy ships?
What does Aguero's tattoo say?
Inherited memory
Mistborn, Hero of Ages - The 'snapping' done by the mists reveals mistings. Of these, 1/16th burns Atium. Why 1/16th?
Are the names Rollins, Morris, and Taylor in the novel "Daemon" a reference?
Book about a killer planet where only plastic weapons can be used
Why didn't the 12 Colonies explore further
Where does Gandalf Live?
How does Vader (and how do other Sith) meditate?
Where is Helen Magnus' sanctuary located?
How did Sweet the demon lose?
Why didn't River Song immediately know when she was meeting the Doctor for the first time?
What are the limits of Magneto's magnetic field?
Why didn't the Earth & Vulcan battle cruisers engage the Xindi SuperWeapon and Reptilian ship?
Science-fiction story about a man traveling the galaxy in search of the meaning of life
Why was the first Terminator rotting?
Why don't Death Eaters always use Avada Kedavra?
How did this main Harry Potter character die?
When did the alien invasion happen?
How much time passed between the beginning of the series and the Season 2 finale?
Could Loki have been responsible for the first Despair's death?
What would HAL have done if Dave didn't forget his space helmet?
Does Clark Kent have a weight problem?
Does the "eleventh metal" exist in the post-Final Empire world?
where to start with the X-Men with Marvel NOW! coming up?
In The Lord of the Rings, what exactly does "Elf-friend" mean?
Why didn't Harry go with Dobby from the infirmary in Chamber?
Can House-Elves Side-Along Apparate/Disapparate to/from Hogwarts?
Who is this in the Asylum of the Daleks?
Vampire Diaries - the Crow and the Fog
Does Lily Potter's sacrifice make Harry and Voldemort immortal?
Why did Stannis convert to worshipping R'hllor?
Was Louis stalked days in advance too?
Were Dana and Louis picked explicitly?
Why did everyone in The Pit have to jump to their freedom?
Why did Grima Wormtongue choose the Palantir to throw?
Why didn't Mr. Weasley use Side-Along Apparition to get to the Quidditch World Cup?
Did the Doctor inspire Slartibartfast?
How could a beheaded Terminator search for its own head?
Only Professor X goes bald due to his psychic powers, why?
What prevents lower class Wizards from being upper class Wizards?
Has the Tau empire encountered Necrons yet?
Are Tau capable of reverse engineering advanced technology
Could a Necron be reprogrammed?
Why not possess the Winchester bros?
Does Luke Skywalker know the lightsaber technique known as "Ataru" (Form IV)?
What happens if the Hulk were to swallow the Tesseract, and then return to human form?
Nozz-a-la vs. Pepsi in Stephen King's 'Kingdom Hospital'
What is the longest winter on record in "A Song of Ice and Fire" books
How do people in A Song of Ice and Fire universe survive multi-year winters?
After Gandalf kills the Balrog of Moria, do any more Balrogs remain in Middle-earth?
Why didn't the atmosphere kill the aliens in Signs?
What are the upper limits of Aing-Tii Flow-walking
Short story where the Devil goes to a Physics professor for help?
Could Quirinus Quirrell have killed Harry using Avada Kedavra while hosting Voldemort?
Reading Order for Wheel of Time (New Spring)
Why doesn't Harry's touch destroy other Horcruxes?
Is Skynet trying to turn Kyle Reese into a terminator at the end of Terminator Salvation?
Boy writes story, interacts with his alter ego
When were lightsaber forms introduced to Star Wars?
How much training did the force ghosts give Luke?
Book Identification: Stuck in a Store after Closing
How did Avatar Aang have a wife and kids?
Do adipose births normally kill the host?
Why not use the shield spells to protect against bludgers when playing Quidditch?
What magical interference is permitted when playing competitive Quidditch?
Did Draco's wand choose him, or was it chosen for him?
In "Pandorum", what made it so difficult for the awakened crew to realize the ship's location?
Why does Frodo trust Gollum when Sam doesn't?
Why did the Fidelius Charm on the Potters' house break?
Movie with a girl imprisoned by a psychiatrist
Does Ron and Harry's flight in the flying car in CoS count as under age wizardry?
Did Draco Malfoy Buy His Way Onto the Slytherin Quidditch Team?
What collection of short stories contained the Mother of Invention. About an anti gravity drive on a planet with a heavy diamond content
What does 'Combine Honnete Ober Advancer Mercantiles' mean?
What would be the effects of warp collisions?
What is the metal thing on Picard's head in Violations?
Is it Éowyn or Merry who kills the Lord of the Nazgûl (or both)?
Voldemort's physical presence pre-Goblet of Fire
How were the Flood captured?
Why didn't the Imperials provide air cover to their forces on Hoth?
Are superheroes with super-speed saving people all the time?
Can you achieve Oneness with the dark side of the Force?
Why did Danny Rand (Iron Fist) pose as the Daredevil?
Do the books ever show Severus Snape being positive about Albus Dumbledore?
Why would Severus Snape hang out with future Death Eaters?
What was Ahiru's pendant?
Was Snape romantically attracted to Mulciber?
In Practical Magic, why did only one sister have gifts?
How are the various Links, Zeldas and Ganondorfs related and connected?
Why does the cycle of Link and Gannondorf keep repeating itself?
What exactly did the Death Eaters Jr. do for Snape?
Why wasn't the sorting hat used to prove Harry didn't put his name in the Goblet of Fire?
Why didn't the Goblet of Fire refuse to choose a fourth participant?
world with words of power
What happens to the air in the area, when things are transported or replicated?
What species is Matron Corfelia?
What does an adult Adipose look like?
What makes a planet 'level 5 '?
Given that posthumous Kara Thrace was a Seraph, what drove Kara Thrace to kill herself?
Why did the original-Earth have continents that resembled the ones on the final-Earth?
When and why did the beacon containing the virus get launched?
Series of novels about two continents, one technological and one magical, at war over resources.
Are all humans in Futurama actually aliens?
In the "Hunger Games" series, how long has Snow been president?
Is there only one R2-D2 droid in the galaxy or were other R2-D2 droids made?
How many R2 droid units were there according to canon?
Why does MIX cause Callender's death?
What happens if Hope copies Rogue?
What is the difference between Batman and the Batman of Gotham City?
What comic did Namor and Captain America fight in WWII in?
What is written on Darth Vader's Chest control panel?
How would featuring R2-D2 alienate the New Republic Government?
In the Wizarding World, is garden gnome saliva used recreationaly?
Is the Jumanji board ever recovered?
What are the differences between Hawkeye and Green Arrow?
Trying to remember a book where technology is split amongst different political groups
How close did Voldemort come to taking over the first time?
How do people in Song of Ice and Fire know what a year is?
Trying to remember a book that had people (I think they turned white?) segregated into a compound
What is the shape of the world of Westeros and do the Westerosi know?
How is a person identified to have a "Magician" caliber talent?
Why Did Griphook Betray Harry in Deathly Hallows?
In Greg Bear's novel Vitals, what is the true identity of Rudy Banning?
In Tad Williams' novels of the Memory, Sorrow, and Thorn trilogy, what is the nature of the secret Padreic learned that made him so despondent?
Is the term "Borg" an acronym for something, or is it just an abbreviation of "Cyborg"?
Why wasn't Superman naked when he was lifting Luthor's artificial continent?
Are any locations in the Lord of the Rings based on real places?
How did Martha Kent modify the Kryptonian blanket that became Superman's costume?
As of 2012, how many different canon versions of the Superman character exist?
What is robotic meat used for?
Did Dumbledore ever trust Hagrid with his life?
Novel in which warships are shielded by superconductors and ice
How was Sentinel Prime supposed to save humans from gravitational disturbance caused by Cybertron?
Why do the Ramans do things in threes?
What happened to the Power Battery of Hal Jordan?
How did Darth Sidious manage to diminish all of the Jedi's ability to use the Force?
So what if Fire Lord Sozin was able to kill Aang?
Can the Unforgivable Curses be Done Non-Verbally?
Why do Cameron and the red-headed female Terminator stop fighting when humans enter the elevator?
Does killing off all airbenders break the avatar cycle?
Are there humanoid sentient species in Star Trek which eat other humanoid sentient species?
Title/Author of Science Fiction Story Involving AI and its Creator...and the Moon!
Why were there so many magical animals and creatures in the Forbidden Forest?
Help in identifying a sci-fi movie about some mechanical beings traveling back in time to murder people
How did the Silurians lose their third eye?
How did the Doctor meet Vastra, the Silurian?
What was the first SciFi/Fantasy work to include intelligent beings evolved from Earth dinosaurs?
Does the Hulk's skin repel bullets?
What leads to Hank being able to see Wesen?
Has Zero-G Football game play ever been defined, or is it just a open ended plot device in the show?
Why didn't Dumbledore take Harry with him to the Gaunt shack to retrieve the Ring Horcrux?
Regenerative abilities of vampires in the Buffyverse?
Identify a story in which Watch Tower was crashed on the Moon and Wonder Woman murdered a guy
How Did Merope Gaunt Procure a Love Potion?
Why did Superman & Supergirl start to suffocate instantly when Luthor made our yellow Sun red?
How were Krypto and Superboy able to fly after Luthor made our yellow Sun red?
Is there canon info on shelf life of various potions in Harry Potter?
Who are the men of red and gold? And what is the final metal?
Why would Darth Vader find someone's lack of faith (in the power of the Dark Side) disturbing?
Why were the ways of the Force considered a "religion" in the Galaxy Far Far Away during ANH by non-Force-users?
Would the Horcrux cave water have killed Hagrid?
Doesnt it seem like there wasn't enough time for everything to happen during the Clone Wars?
Why didn't Voldemort kill Prof. Slughorn?
Why is River Song's timeline backwards?
Was Voldemort's secret identity always known to the Ministry of Magic? Was it ever secret?
Why did Dumbledore dismiss not saying Voldemorts name to Harry?
Did any Necrontyr survive enslavement by the C'tan?
What evidence supposedly supports Tau as related to the Necrontyr?
Was there a Taboo trace charm associated with the name "Tom Riddle", or just with the name "Voldemort"?
Why does R2-D2 need to be delivered to the rebels?
Is there any additional canon confirmation that Wolfsbane potion loses potency unless taken very quickly?
Were there other literary topics that were covered by the Inklings?
What was the first SciFi book or story co-written by 2 authors before 1957?
In the Horcrux Cave, was the Aguamenti spell too fundamentally weak to work?
Do Hogwart's students have access to a unified list of spells?
What is the link between the spoken incantation and the casting of a spell in Harry Potter?
When did Denethor first start to use the Palantir of Minas Tirith?
Did the Capitol exploit the districts before the dark days?
Who told Clark about the bullet train problem?
Did Shelob Die?
Why didn't Voldemort hide his Horcruxes in impossible-to-reach places?
How did Voldemort lose his body?
Why Did Harry's Scar Hurt?
Was Dr. Ransom from C.S.Lewis' Space Trilogy based on J.R.R.Tolkien?
Does an Observer appear in every episode of Fringe?
Would a Horcrux protect against old age?
What happened to Eric Ladd, illustrator of the 70s?
What would happen if Sam were to die?
Is Supergirl younger than Superman or older?
How Many Years Was Barty Crouch Jr Under the Imperius Curse?
When did Palpatine gain an interest in Anakin?
What is the inspiration for 11th Doctor clothing style?
Immortal Soldier - Cured with Honey based salve, wounds heal, fears drowning?
Why does Bifur have an axe in his head?
Who were the Nazgul before they became wraiths?
Identifying a story about a boy who travels to a mirrored universe with ketchup that makes you intoxicated
How did the Bat-Signal work on cloudless/moonless nights?
Why was the alien threat in The Next Generation episode "Conspiracy" never followed up?
What is the name of the planet designing company in Hitchiker's Guide?
What does Ando's power in Heroes Season3 do?
Why was Crusher replaced with Pulaski who was replaced by Crusher?
Alien race cat type people bounty hunters
What is the name of this science fiction story?
What order should I watch various X-Files Universe TV series in?
Looking for 1970's SF novel title where people travel to other planets by transmitting their consciousness to a replica body at the destination
What else did Robert C O'brien write?
Does Superman's costume in the New 52 have a special function or purpose?
Does The Doctor hear everyone speaking in Gallifreyan?
Why Did the Triwizard Portkey Return Harry to the Outer Edge of the Maze?
What element saved Iron Man from his blood poisoning?
What happened to Todd the Wraith?
Primer: Will Thomas Granger still be sent back in Time?
Who did Voldemort kill to create the horcruxes?
Was Harry Potter the inspiration for Tommy Taylor?
Why did the Enterprise not react to human genetic engineering?
Do different species in Star Wars find each other sexually attractive?
Is kryptonite made of the element krypton?
What would happen if Helen Magnus gave a normal human a blood transfusion?
Is it possible for so many technologies to cease working?
What marked the end of Tolkien's fourth age?
Why is the Rebel Alliance so tiny?
Why does the Doctor always assume the people he encounters abide by the law?
Do Phoenixes retain their memories when they rise from the ashes?
Has someone put together the story of 'The Hero of Ages'?
Leprechaun and Vampire - a Mythical link?
Necromancy In Harry Potter
Does jumping to warp speed require the use of inertial dampeners?
How fast can impulse drive propel a ship?
Isn't Skaro stuck in the Time War?
Can Snape fly without metamorphosis?
Why didn't Harry die the first time Voldemort used the Killing Curse in the Forbidden Forest?
Why do the Daleks have a parliament?
Did the pure Daleks survive?
Saruman in the Shire: how long had he been planning it?
Why did Celeborn not go with Galadriel?
Gallifrey and Krikket, a connection?
What was the fate of Ancalagon the Black?
Why were Ferengi unknown to 24th century Starfleet?
How realistic is the physical evolution of the Ousters in Dan Simmons' Hyperion Cantos novels?
Could the Horcruxes be destroyed with Avada Kedavra?
Could Avada Kedavra be used as a non-lethal attack?
Would real Moody have taught 4th year students about Unforgiveable curses?
What is "anguille borkner" in Vernor Vinge's zones of thought series?
Why did Zoso trick Rumplestilskin into killing him?
How many Men were there on Arda at the time of War of the Ring?
When did Eru interfere in Arda directly?
What happened to Saruman after he was knifed by Grima?
In the Silmarillion what is meant by Vampires and Werewolves?
Arthur C. Clarke novel, the prologue involves a planet with sea creatures?
Did Eru ever speak to anyone other than Ainur?
What is the origin of the idea of God needing a "voice" in "Dogma"?
Why would Hermione choose a cat for a pet?
How do the colonials have such advanced space travel?
Why would Voldemort break Lucius' wand if he wanted to borrow it?
Book about a blue wolf and werewolves on the run from their evil vampire uncle
Was there an "original sin" idea in the published version of Silmarillion?
Sci-fi horror film about genetic experimentation; small tentacled creature escapes and causes carnage
Planetary habitability scale with a maximum of 10
What is Spock's full name?
20+ year old Fantasy book - hero has hand that acts on its own, chapter names are card names
Why did Tara sabotage Willow's demon-finding spell?
Do Events in one parallel universe affect other parallel universe
Do the Borg have a language?
Is there any consistency to the swords Finn wields?
What is the name of the black&white movie about a mirror Earth (universe)?
Best Order to Read "Ender's Game" Series
Do all Vulcans have names unpronouncable to humans?
Who created the barrow wights?
Under what circumstances has The Doctor justified himself in killing unnecessarily?
How were the planet (from orbit) special effects produced in the original Star Trek built?
Are non-humonoids independently evolved (without seeding)
Why are so many Earth cultures found across the Star Trek galaxy?
During Priori Incantatem, How Did Cedric, Bertha, Lily, and James Know So Much Info?
In Doctor Who, has India become a super power by the year 2367?
Why doesn't Finn just use a Flame Shield spell to be more intimate with Flame Princess?
Can't remember time travel trilogy name.
"Light of Other Days" sequel
Is the Alice at the end of "Resident Evil: Apocalypse" a clone?
Why doesn't Oswin's voice sound like a Dalek?
Does the time vortex no longer indicate the Tardis' motion in time?
What is the significance of alternate "Before Watchmen" covers?
How is Captain America the first Avenger?
Reading order of the Bas-Lag books by China Miéville
Is this retrovirus actually science fiction?
Why Did Mrs. Crouch Die While Taking Polyjuice Potion?
Does this Vader quote have more meaning than it first appears?
Was there more to the Terminatrix's mission than killing John Connor's lieutenants?
Why were AT-AT walkers armour able to mitigate T-47 laser damage when walking?
How did Captain Picard and Worf stay in their seats while upside down in Insurrection?
Why Wasn't 'the Trace' Introduced Until Book 7?
Why did John Henry need a Terminator chip?
How many times was Darth Vader severely wounded, before he finally gave in to death in Ep.VI?
Is there a summary of all of the prophecies Daenerys Targaryen saw in the House of the Undying?
Why didn't fluidic space crush Voyager?
What was the passing act of kindness Jaime Lannister believes he was loved for?
Why Did Dumbledore Let Harry Give the Remains of the Diary Horcrux to Dobby?
What are the little green men in The Secret World of Og?
Can Legilimency be done without the target knowing?
Did the Doctor ever meet Brian Williams before the Dinosaurs?
Why doesn't either side in the Wizarding War use Felix Felicis?
Which SciFi movie is this quote from?
Why was the Sandman's locket not transformed into sand?
What does the Clone Wars animated series add to the recent Star Wars Trillogy?
What happens to the people inside when the TARDIS is tilted?
What experiment were they running on the sand?
Did Spock warn of disasters in the new Star Trek universe?
Which level of canonicity does the Star Wars Holiday Special hold, relative to other works?
When did Bruce organize his will and the new Bat signal?
For how long was Darth Vader alone in space?
Why were the elves of Lothlorien sundered from the rest?
Was there ever a queen for Melkor?
What would have happened if the Balrog of Moria had taken possession of The One Ring?
How powerful are the other League of Shadows members?
How does the Flash breathe while utilizing his super speed?
Does the front door of the TARDIS always open up to the control room?
Did Kingsley not want Hermione to help?
Do recent DC films share a continuity?
Why do the Borg need to assimilate entire species?
Do Wizarding Photographs Kept in Muggle Homes Violate the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy?
Are "agenothree" flame-throwers ever described as igniting the liquid?
Are there any examples of Wargs/Skinchangers inhabiting dragons?
Story Identification: Carnivorous Pack-Hunting Chipmunks
How long can a shapeshifter maintain a single form?
What is the Alternate Universe's Fringe Division logo derived from?
Life Cycle of Thread: Ground phase?
Why are Slaaneshi Daemonettes so Ugly
Is the One Ring only loyal to Sauron or would it serve any powerful being?
Why are the two universes in Fringe not more divergent?
Why is Wolverine's hand missing?
Are Warehouse 13 characters Pete Lattimer and Steve Jinks Alphas?
What order should I read tales of Mythago Wood?
Were firearms ever used in the Dragonriders of Pern series?
Music brings monsters
In Doctor Who S6, who are The Silence, really?
How powerful are Moranth Cussers?
Star Trek TOS-TNG crossover novel
How do you make a combine soldier?
Story where deep future humans are colonising the galaxy and are about to destroy the home of a reptilian civilisation
Space travel & Dreaming in a short story
Does Krypto have a higher I.Q. than the average Earth human?
Why is the Silence Falling a bad thing?
Why can't Nina push Gary?
Is the digital series H+ based on any popular fiction work?
Who played Darth Vader during the Dagobah Dark Side Cave scene
Did the Pattern and the Logrus come from the same source?
How is "tekeli - li" pronounced?
Why doesn't K remember that J was in the past with him?
Who was the third guy that was affected by Loki's sceptre at the start of the Avengers movie?
What happened to the treasures the "Master of Lake-town" took with him?
What is the meaning of Rose's cameo in the Midnight episode?
Could H.G. Wells "Time Machine" travel to an obstructed destination?
Hellsing English Dub
First Use of Holy Water in a Water Pistol used against Vampires
Short story identification about a stained glass window?
"A Town Called Mercy" - who created the ring, and who were the narrator and the little girl?
Young Adult novel about a parallel fantasy world accessible at certain phases of the moon
How Would the Elixir of Life Have Given Voldemort a Body?
Did Aragorn ever visit the Shire?
Are all alchemists part of the military?
Were there any other half-magical creatures in the Harry Potter world?
Are there any "C-canon" non-game works that have N-canon facts?
Are any possible future Star Wars TV series considered T-canon?
Why didn't the IF want Peter Wiggin?
Why does Tom Paris get Starfleet rank, but the Maquis get provisional rank?
Did the Cylons intentionally select the day of the Galactica's de-commissioning to attack the Colonies?
What's the name of a short story where an earth ship flies into an egg and grows more powerful?
Do benders have to bend parts of their body to bend the elements?
Evidence of the X-Gene in 'normal' heroes in the Marvel Universe
What exactly did Yoda die of?
Why did Arthur Kipps have to go to the village?
Witchblade - watch the film before the TV series?
Story identification: Doomed soldiers spirited away to guard crop against last seasons soldiers
Movie featuring a little girl and cyborgs, with an old -west feel
What's the Title of that Novel Where an Alien Monolith Makes the Earth Lose Electricity?
First-person fantasy novel, protagonist at different stages: in an army, retreating from the world, others
Are all Starfleet officers trained pilots?
What happens to humans that choose not to work, or to join Starfleet?
Is Political sci-fi a recognised genre?
What did the Engineer say to David?
A book about man controlling humans with mind power/amplifier
Could Voldemort have gotten into Hogwarts if someone inside had said his name?
Help Identifying SF Short Story - Reads like a series of instructions about trials/tests with survival odds
How did Lust reform after Roy pulled out her core?
Why Did Colin Creevey's Muggle Camera Work at Hogwarts?
Why was Arthur Dent surprised by Slartibartfast's name?
Does the Force act like God in Star Wars canon?
identifying sci-fi novel about color-coded highways of the future.
Why does Spike eat gems in My Little Pony Friendship is Magic?
Can Matt Murdock feel radiation pressure?
Is Vaarsuvius male or female?
Why didn't Laurita Tohm get a prosthetic arm?
Is Middle-Earth a time, or is it a place?
Does "Isaac Asimov's Robots in Time" series violate the grandfather paradox?
In Guardians of the Galaxy, why does Groot only say the phrase "I am Groot"?
Movie with a war between Russia and the USA witnessed by astronauts on a space station?
In Alphas how does Kat's memory forgetting thing work?
Why Didn't People Think That Voldemort Died After His Attack on Baby Harry?
Story in which some people cause technological systems to fail
Why did the demolition time for Dr. Lanning's house change?
Collection of YA horror short stories late 80s early 90s called "Chills" or "Shivers"
Where is Ce'Nedra's tree?
Why is Ce'Nedra the only vulnerable one among Garion's Companions?
The homesick space pilot
What powers the puddle jumpers?
Story with a man with broken glasses disappearing from a motel room
How did mankind travel through the warp during the Great Crusade?
Do power rings get resized for each user?
Why was River Tam turned into an assassin?
Does the high radiation on Reaver ships have any effect on Reavers?
In "Do Not Go Gentle" why did Elena leave the party?
which novel involved sending instantaneous tachyon body copies around the galaxy, mostly to die?
How did time-travel work in The Philadelphia Experiment 2?
In "Inception", why didn't Cobb have Miles (Michael Caine) fly his kids to France?
How are the Elders of Xanth selected?
What happens in the plane in Dark Knight Rises?
Why are X-Men more realistic than Fantastic Four?
Were iguanas extinct in Red Dwarf?
Which regeneration was the longest according to the Doctors timeline
In "The Courts of Chaos", to whom is Corwin speaking when he addresses Carmen?
Why are planets not self sufficient enough to support their population?
Did Obi-Wan sense Darth Sidious at the beginning of Phantom Menace?
Why was Tom Paris made chief helm officer?
Did Chakotay ever take responsibility for Paris' safety?
What novel has advanced alternate Earth humans trying to escape through portals from horrific inter-dimensional creatures?
Macabre story about jazz -- not Charles Beaumont?
Fantasy novel - Primitive humans enslaved by superior race from blood portals?
Should I read Count Zero before Mona Lisa Overdrive?
Is the Star Wars galaxy plausible?
Did any of the Markab survive the plague in Babylon 5?
Why didn't Jane tell Ender that her origin was the Fantasy Game when they met?
How do the two origins of Jane mesh?
Why didn't Dumbledore assign someone with a clue to be a DADA Professor in the first year
Why didn't Dumbledore remove Quirrell from DADA teaching when he realized something was wrong with him?
What scares J.K. Rowling (her boggart)?
Were there any jokes in the Lord of the Rings?
A member of a village of little people paints her door green and is exiled
What continuity problems have Star Wars: The Clone Wars created?
What were the creatures in Hunger Games made of?
Why did they shoot fireballs at Katniss, and was it cheating?
How did Draco Malfoy know Harry would go to the Room of Requirement?
Is there an out-of-universe reason for the cartoon sequences in S3E19?
Are there any resources for recipes from the Star Trek universe?
Fantasy book about a boy who crashes into a world
"Three parts of the goblin warriors of the North perished on that day." How many does "three parts" represent?
Excluding laser beams, what is the first instance of an idea from military science fiction that became a military fact?
What happened to Seneca Crane at the end of the movie?
What would happen if you portalled the TARDIS inside itself?
How did Voyager replace its photon torpedoes?
Story where small, extremely dense men with guns that fire destructive compressed pellets rise from the depths of the earth into cave?
How much of Deep Space Nine's arc was planned in advance?
Completion of Dark Tower series
Why did Tony Stark keep the electromagnet in his chest?
Could sub-groups opt OUT of Peter Wiggin's Free People of Earth?
Did FPE accept subgroups that were NOT geographically compact?
At what point does the biological portion of the (Arnold) Terminators fail?
How do you communicate with a Necron Warrior?
Why does the Doctor in Voyager tell everyone about his mobile emitter?
Do steel inquisitors ever run out of metals?
After T-2, why not send back another T-800?
How much can a feruchemist store in a metal mind?
Does Douglas Adams use of 'Infinite Improbability' allude to P=NP?
Identify the sci-fi movie based on Max Steel character
Short story about rocks that taught kids to bounce
What is the name of the Master of Lake-town?
How old is Captain Janeway?
How was the Chosen One meant to bring balance to the Force?
What determines if the Wardrobe works or not?
Looking for the name and author of a vaguely remembered sci-fi/cyberpunk-ish book from the 80's
Undersea volcano washes deep sea limbless slime horror with a terrible appetite onto beach and into local town?
Searching for the name of a Sci Fi illustrated story from approx 1970s about a never ending war
Why were so many Terminators sent to T:SCC time (2007?) compared to 1 per year in movies?
Why whenever ANYTHING gets hit in the Power Rangers do sparks fly?
Star Trek: The Next Generation episode with a black snowman
What was the freeform black cloud in Lost?
Are there any works of fiction canon in the Harry Potter Universe?
In X-Men: First Class who are the mutant children found by professor X?
In the Wrath of Khan poster, why is the Enterprise firing on Regula One?
What happened to the alien pod?
Is there any official reference to the story Julia Ecklar's "The Hand of God" is based on (if it is based on one)?
fantasy book - time, ring, river
Help finding Story Title Aliens observing Earth Main focus of earth game playing in virtual worlds
Were the Ewoks already planning an offensive or revolt?
Does Superman have a lisp?
What does the end of Kim Stanley Robinson's "Our Town" mean?
Why doesn't a blackhole destroy a Stargate?
fantasy book about a boy drowning in ice and waking up in a fantasy world
What does Bruce Wayne fear?
Should Quirrell Have Survived Harry's Touch?
Which Sci-Fi comic book series was the first to be based on a character after that character was featured in the movies?
In Looper, how does Sara know about loopers?
Could the TARDIS stop a Weeping Angel?
Has setting as a narrator or POV character ever been done?
Where does "The Angels Take Manhattan" fit in timeline?
Why are the rules different for The Doctor?
Back to The Future style Time Updates in Doctor Who
Why didn't the empire check for life forms on the Millennium Falcon?
Is Rory still an auton in "The Angels Take Manhattan"?
Why was the male a'dam created?
Regeneration Energy Used for Healing
Does the Doctor have a black list of times and places?
Are the colors of Kal-El's swaddling wraps related to the Jor-El family crest or are they just random colored blankets?
What kind of wine is a funeral wine?
Is the tooth fairy depicted in Hellboy the first depiction of an evil tooth fairy?
Where did Superman get his boots?
Short story pre 1990 involving different classes of machines confused without man. Man arrives at end
Can a man be attacked by facehugger twice?
Was Gollum always a hobbit?
What story has Joan of Arc rescued by time travelers?
Who/What controls G1 Combiners?
Who is Mr. Rabbit?
Who controls Dangerous Knowledge?
How does Mickey Mouse's "upslide" work?
Are any of the alien languages in Star Wars real Earth languages?
What do I need to catch up on to understand Fringe Season 5?
Fringe Timelines and Universes
Relationship between a timeline and a universe
Looper: old Joe & wife get a child?
Horror story where vietnam veterans are pursued by ghosts
Which Star Trek episodes were based on spec scripts?
Does non-radioactive debris from Krypton have any effect on Superman?
Why didn't Kandor turn into Kryptonite?
Did the Vuldarian race appear elsewhere in the dcu?
Was Klingon used in any of the Star Wars movies?
Why were there THREE actors for Nien Nunb? (Lando's Sullustese co-pilot in ROTJ)
How did Superman turn back time in the first movie?
Why are vampires not rotten like other undead?
Can alchemists only transmute inorganic materials?
Book about 2 boys that time travel from 1980's (?) to Mayan (?) civilization with a Viking girl?
What exactly was Cieba in "Love is in the Blood" Comic?
What happened to B'elanna's engineering jacket?
Is usage of Occlumency involuntarily noticeable?
How could Chihiro tell that none of the pigs were her parents?
Can't the Doctor just land the TARDIS outside New York during 1938?
Why does a Looper have to kill his older self?
Which decks on the Enterprise-D are least likely to get damaged?
Short horror/SF story where a farmer contacts an underground kingdom while digging a well?
Why were surgical gowns not used on Voyager?
Man joins the military while drunk and goes on a near-lightspeed ship
What's up with Luthor's Lair in Superman?
Were the traps in the Last Crusade made by the three knights?
Where was the TARDIS made?
Are there things a Replicator cannot replicate?
Everyone is from Godric's Hollow?
Why did Spider-man have a six legged spider emblem on his costume?
Did Qui-Gon Jinn's Force Ghost communicate to Obi-Wan Kenobi post-RotS?
How common were non-Federation replicators?
Can a werewolf turn a muggle into another werewolf?
Story about Neil Armstrong being transported across the galaxy
Where do the Ferengi Rules of Acquisition come from?
Why wouldn't Voldemort create new Horcruxes?
Was Petunia Evans in any way magical or 100% full on Muggle abilities wise?
Do Romulans experience a pon farr every seven years?
How rare are untouchables in the Warhammer 40k universe?
Saving Amy and Rory in episode The Angels Take Manhattan
How essential is Incorruptible to Irredeemable?
On the nature of paradoxes in the Whoniverse?
What is the name of this sci fi actor?
How is the Harry Potter universe not completely dominated by werewolves?
How did the first angel get to Manhattan?
Looking for a comic book about space travel and a royal family
When were fixed points in time first introduced?
In the Three Doctors, wouldn't the doctor know what to do?
What is the name of the Goa'uld species?
Why was Draco trying to cozy up to Harry Potter?
How/where did the wizards usually carry their wands?
Are most Star Wars characters illiterate?
Why aren't all droids able to speak Galactic Basic?
What happened to the silent who was injured by Canton?
How was the killer at the end of "The Fires of Heaven" intuitively obvious?
Children's book where the hills are actually a giant laying down and witches are common
How did Fred and George Weasley obtain the Marauder's Map?
How could Fred and George have figured the exact password to the Marauder's map?
Is there a canon reason/backstory for why Filch is employed by Hogwarts?
Young Adult Novel: Horse prince rebels, but then realizes he is the heir to the horse culture's savior prophecy?
Were there ever any depictions of non-android robots in any Star Trek episode or movie?
Are remnants of the Husnock civilization ever found?
Original source of the term "Siaynoq"?
How many wands did Ollivander need?
In Star Trek: Insurrection did the reasoning make sense?
Can Yoda pilot a starfighter?
Do people normally own more than one wand?
How many possible types of wands can Ollivander make?
Is every wizard buying a wand from Ollivander chosen by a wand?
Did the Death Eaters Know Voldemort Was a Half-Blood?
Was Harold Saxon the next Prime Minister after Harriet Jones?
Why doesn't the Federation have a law for genocide?
Doesn't the end of Looper create a time paradox?
The Shadow of the Torturer: How was Dorcas brought to life?
Can a Person Be Chosen By More Than One Wand?
How did Túrin's sword speak?
What is the oldest difference between the red and blue universes in Fringe?
Was Project Genesis ever revisted/used after Star Trek II/III?
Was Aragorn's First Language Elvish?
Was Dr. Noonian Soong's name inspired by Khan Noonien Singh?
need Star Trek quote for father-in-law gift
Why is the exhaust being fed into the fuel tank?
Story where people harnessed rotational power to make copies of themselves
What is the name of Kvothe’s mother?
Which Doctor Who episodes were written by Steve Cole?
Book where a girl's reflection tricks her into swapping places?
Is the Nazi-Asgardian connection in the Captain America movie new, or does it have a precedent somewhere?
Is there any depiction of Christianity within the original story tellings of Snow White or was it an addition of the 2012 movie?
Which DC (or Marvel) comic book HERO has killed the most bad guys?
Unlikely female heroine, meets floating mages; What was this title?
Are there any canon discrepancies preventing the Warhammer universe from being the future of the Star Trek universe?
Is Apollo 18 real or just a fiction film?
Does Terry Pratchett's Discworld follow on from Strata?
What was the first depiction of China as a future superpower?
90s/80s Cartoon with rebel helper robots resembling transformers?
What was "one more murder" that Voldemort was planning and talking about in GoF Ch. 1?
When did the origin of Thor change so he was no longer a doctor?
Who was the woman watching from a window in Lord of Chaos?
Which novel or short story was the first to utilize a Bussard Ramjet?
Name of futuristic novel with humanoids and a starship
What does "anti-midian" mean for Hellsing's Victoria Seras' signature weapon Harkonnen?
Is Darth Vader's suit waterproof?
Was Voldemort's piece of soul the reason for Harry being able to resist the Imperius Curse?
What is Thor's armor made of, and where does it originate from?
Who or what was Xena? What is she based on?
Were there any Greek Mythology heroes born of Goddesses?
What was the first SciFi work that theorized that Homo Sapiens were seeded on Earth by intelligent aliens?
What criteria was used when selecting to attack humans?
Why can Jedi marry in the New Jedi Order?
Was the idea of pre-Empire Old Jedi Order members not being allowed to marry mentioned in before-prequels EU books?
Why does it take Noriko so long to get home?
Is there such a thing as a reverse werewolf? (Animals trapped in a cyclic pattern of becoming human)
What was the monster in Deep Rising supposed to be?
What time period is "Batman: The Animated Series" set in?
If the Sentry's powers are limitless, can he truly be killed?
Why did the Engineer eat the alien substance?
Was Wolverine the first comic character to have long claws as their main identification?
Is Crowley a normal demon?
Where's Kevin's archangel?
How could Norby transport safely with Marcel?
Was Lando trying to warn off our heroes?
Why did Sinestro put on the yellow ring at the end of the Green Lantern movie?
Was the alien in the yellow armor helping the humans?
Omnivorous fusion and Earth at war with distant colonies
In Star Wars legends, when did Luke officially recognize himself as a Jedi Master?
When did Sam and Dean stop saving possessed people and started killing?
Help me find a story where your consciousness can travel in time via use of drugs?
Is there a detailed explanation for how the voting system algorithm is defined in The Prefect?
In the Halo universe, what would be the effect of a MAC round hitting a planet?
How did Jake Sully arrive in time?
Basilisk petrification in Harry Potter; what happens?
Was there any example of Centaurs legitimately divinating some true information?
What was the origin of the idea that Centaur race hold some divining/astrological ability?
Is *Petrificus Totalus* effect to lock the muscles or merely prevent their neural control?
How does the Room of Requirement work?
Why was Amy Pond able to speak to a past version of herself?
Is the actor for Albus Severus Potter one of the triplets who played Harry?
What are the color schemes for Dark Angels Space Marines?
What are the chase lights under Star Trek viewscreens for?
Why didn't Kakashi use his Mangekyou for many years?
In Arrow, is John Diggle's name a reference to Andy Diggle?
How long is the alternate ending of Prometheus, and is it canon?
Was The One Ring the only ring of power with an inscription?
Why would Tony Stark need to drink Chlorophyll?
Who was allowed to enter the "Chamber of Guardians" on Oa?
When/How would Star Trek captains update their log?
Can two Immortals gang up on one? If so, what happens with the Quickening?
Does an Immortal get the Quickening if another Immortal is killed by a mortal?
The cliche science fiction glass tube filled with liquid and a person floating in it, what do you call it?
In the movie I, Robot, how does USR have military contracts if robots have to follow the first law?
World where it rains every day of the year except one?
Pre-90s anime with a red-haired man in an outer space war shot at the ending
Was the plot of 'The One' (2001) influenced by 'Highlander'?
Short story involving a bizarre kind of Guardian Angel
In The Forever War, how do they tell time in the stasis field?
Discworld quote about students getting in the way
Are there any prerequisites to wielding Mjolnir in supernatural
Who bid for Mjolnir?
What is the amulet of Hesperus?
Why did Lanterns feel fear in front of Parallax?
What was the intention of Dr. Lanning in I, Robot?
Man and boy left behind on damaged earth?
Wormhole-like tunnels used to look back in time
What is this film about ninja's and video games?
Why didn't 2nd Hokage use the same underworld resurrection release jutsu which Madara used to gain control of himself?
How did Lilith hold the contract?
Do Daleks have their own language?
Have the Tau ever allied with Space Marines or Eldar?
When was the first alien invasion to feature more than one alien species?
Is Ra's al Ghul really immortal?
Why didn't Hermione use "Accio" spell to get the correct key in Philosopher's Stone?
What are the rules and limits of Accio spell?
What is the Sith Emperor Vitiate's lightsaber form?
Death of the younger version of a Looper
Identify book where boy transports forward in time to a future Earth
Is the red beam coming out of CYCLOPS' eye a laser beam?
How does Halo's defense system destroy sentient life selectively?
Killing people in the future vs sending them back in time
Would the special silk spiders in The Amazing Spider-man have made anyone they bite super-powered?
What happens to matter (e.g. bodily fluids) that are left on the holodeck?
Who rules what in Once Upon a Time?
Which book, if any, describes the fate of the Brennan Monster in the Ringworld book series?
What episodes do Chameleon Circuit reference in their first two albums?
Old story about two men fighting over a water hole and the alien who tries to make peace between them
Why convert Oswin?
What is the aftermath from Heaven's Reach?
How did John Carter get sent back to Earth?
Why are these gravestones undated and so clean?
Why did the Science Officer not get chosen for the mission to the alien spacecraft?
In Fire Sea (part 3 of The Death Gate Cycle), why doesn't Haplo hear through the dogs ears?
What were the bolts on Frankenstein's Monster for?
Why are all Immortals relatively close in power?
Why does the aguamenti spell work?
What Are the Other Four Exceptions to Gamp's Law of Elemental Transfiguration?
Did Walter become Millennium's servant by choice?
When Did Voldemort Realize the Value of Harry's Blood?
Story about a young man 'walking the feins'?
How did the Silence know about Melody?
Who thought up the name Yana?
Was the Star Trek society developed by the authors as a transhumanistic one?
Why does Cylon number 6's back glow in episode 1?
Explaining Preed's behaviour in Titan A.E
Story about an insurance adjuster from outer space
What does the non-bridge crew do during red alert?
Was 'The Thing' from the Bromeliad Trilogy inspired by the Connection Machine?
Why did Remus and Sirius fight in Prisoner of Azkaban (werewolf vs. dog)?
Does Star Wars G canon always beat C canon?
Can a Muggle-Repelling Charm Be Broken?
Can an Animagus Be Infected With Lycanthropy While In Animal Form?
In Good Omens, is there any joke involving Pollution and Elvis?
Could a bullet made out of Muramasa blade kill Wolverine?
Fantasy set in ancient China
Are Any of the Twelve Uses of Dragon's Blood Known?
How deep was Coruscant's surface buried?
How was the Engineer able to reach this location?
Is Magneto officially an Omega Level Mutant?
Was the atmosphere on LV-223 3% carbon dioxide or monoxide?
Would Voldemort's Taboo Spell Trump the Fidelius Charm?
What were the memorable scenes in "A Storm of Swords" that motivated Benioff to make the adaptation?
Safety railings in the Star Wars universe
Television series about a space station
How are soldiers recruited onto the XCOM squad?
How Do Dementors Communicate with Wizards?
Why did The Doctor start to regenerate at Lake Silencio?
Did Wolverine's bones regenerate before being enhanced with Adamantium?
Boy abducted by aliens
What would happen if you made a horcrux after taking the fidelius charm?
Why does Superman put one or both arms up when he flies?
Before Voldemort, who was the last Horcrux creator?
Why is it so hard to detect Replicants?
How does Superman fasten his cape to his costume?
What Is the History of the Unforgivable Curses?
Are there muggle ghosts in the Wizarding World?
Is "House of El" related to Hebrew "El" word for God?
Why was Gilgamesh Wulfenbach afraid of the slaver wasps?
Confusing movements of Lannister Armies under Jaime and Tywin?
Is Ginny Weasley Considered a Temporary Horcrux?
Why is The Wall so tall in Game of Thrones?
Did the first known Jedi come from Tatooine?
Who was the young Abe?
In "A Deepness in the Sky", what were the "authoritarian turns of speech" in Tomas Nau's dinner speech?
In "A Fire upon the Deep", why does Old One's godshatter bother slowing the Blighter fleet?
What happened to the band in Daft Punk's 'One More Time'?
Who sent a would-be killer in Night Watch?
Who was "Sister Ninja"?
Could Olivander have known about Harry Potter before he was the boy who lived?
Why is a person's location exclusively tied to their communicator?
Was the footage Tony Stark saw of the Hulk original or was it from a previous movie?
What were the specifications of Neville's first wand?
Would Harry's wand have picked Neville, had Voldemort chosen differently?
What was the entity looking for, that took Voyager into the Delta quadrant?
At the peak of their power, out of Dooku and Luke who was the better lightsaber combatant?
Did Darth Sidious know that Anakin was the product of his Master's experiment?
What killed the creature chasing Edwin in Predators?
Did Darth Sidious know that Anakin was supposed to be the Chosen One?
What is the canonical range of speed a podracer might achieve?
How did Burke get the Facehuggers into the room where Ripley and Newt were sleeping in the movie Aliens?
Do xenomorphs have a form of self-preservation instinct?
Who're the 5 beings Samuel Colt's gun couldn't kill?
What are the limits to the magical knives in Supernatural?
How do regular people in the Marvel universe distinguish between mutants and mutates?
Do Jedi hold back with their force powers?
Who knows Rand al’Thor’s parentage?
What did Rand ask the Aelfinn?
What was Gina Inviere's motivation for blowing up Cloud Nine?
Is there a reading order of the Enderverse books following Bean's story?
Walking dead TV: How much time as passed from the fall to the start of Season 3
Why didn't the flashing lights affect Gary?
Are Wolverine's claws shrinking?
What is the Red White and Blue suit in the Iron Man 3 trailer?
Why doesn't the Enterprise use stealth/invisibility technology like the Romulans and Klingons?
If the electromagnet was stronger, wouldn't it pull the shrapnel out of Tony Stark's chest?
What is the origin of the idea that Lex Luthor is Jewish?
Is there an in-universe evidence reflecting that Clark Kent is Methodist (as opposed to other denominations)?
How did Arthur Weasley know to send his Patronus to Grimauld Place in DH?
Why Do Purebloods Call Muggle-Borns 'Mudbloods'?
Can a Jedi *reflect* blaster bolts with their hands?
Why don't Starfleet Officers wear protective gear when going abroad?
Who's the villain in Iron Man 3?
How do "they" know if a loop hasn't been closed?
How did Superman reverse the destruction of the Great Wall of China?
Why did Jonathan and Martha Kent attach a Cape to Superman's costume?
Tony Stark's Armor Collection
Why wasn't Nuclear Man born naked?
Which comic books about Iron Man and Superman should I read first?
How could the Picard Maneuver confuse sensors from the Warp Era?
How did Lacy survive in outer space?
First example of reverse RetCon?
What Superman comic "proved" Clark Kent is not Superman using a cardboard cut-out?
Is human culture in the Star Trek Universe stagnant?
What book was a post apocalyptic, nuclear-age, old world war style
Where did Hogwarts get money for salaries, food and other purchases?
What is the origin of a phylactery as a soul jar?
How did the chameleon circuit break?
When was the Doctor first compared to the Daleks?
How are The Doctor and his TARDIS connected?
Failed cyborg suicide attempt?
Are both of Vader's wrists artificial?
In what order should I read the 'extended' Cthulhu Mythos?
Did Keuller use Force lightning in The New Rebellion?
Why could Quirrell tolerate Harry's touch at the beginning of Philosopher's Stone?
Why is C-3PO driving the landspeeder?
What does Vader's HUD say in Revenge of the Sith?
Why did these people die in Serenity (spoilers!)?
Why doesn't Blood stick on Wolverine's blades?
Do Wolverine's opponents bleed (and leave blood on the claws) in comics?
Why did Anakin build C3PO?
Why did C-3PO close down while Luke talked to Ben in A New Hope?
What are the legal/ethical statuses of 'Smart' AIs in HALO?
Did they have witches in Oz before Dorothy's era?
Does Spike Spiegel's cybernetic eye enhance his vision in any way?
Have Shuster and Siegel ever cameoed in a comic?
Did Roddenberry think eugenics was already going on (as evidenced by Khan's age)?
What cultures influenced Stephen King in writing the Dark Tower series?
How can other time lords, post time-war, drive/fly a TARDIS?
Did River's Past not happen?
What book has Earth's surface covered with a raised platform with a jungle underneath?
How Did the House Ghosts End Up at Hogwarts?
Which Harry Potter Characters Appear in All Seven Books Only to Die In Book Seven?
How did Punisher kill Wolverine?
What, of the planets he consumes, provides Galactus with sustenance?
Looking for copies of "Analog Science Fiction & Fact"
How did Valkris obtain information on Project Genesis?
What happened to the parallel universe in Fringe season 5?
Two characters sliding around on a gigantic mirror
Why didn't Cinderella's shoe vanish?
In Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, is Dr Jones Senior dead? If so, how?
Can Rogue harness Wolverine's adamantium blades after touching him?
indefinite nature of the grail (Indiana Jones)?
What happened to super strength of Rohit?
When did the Drums begin?
Why did they put the Doctor in a fez?
Does E.T. have very high IQ?
Did Ten and Eleven meet in 1969?
How was Harry supposed to defeat Voldemort in Dumbledore's original plan?
Why would Quinn wait to Slide to a new reality?
What were Dumbledore's actual intentions for the Elder Wand?
Help find a novel with a female heroine from, at latest 1990 in a two part novel?
Was the "Leave now and never come back" dialogue in the film taken from The Lord of the Rings books?
How and/or why did the original comic book Jor-El choose Earth as the target for his son's rocket?
What is Juggernaut's armor made of, and how did he get it?
Are all Type-2 Phasers used in TNG left-handed?
After Peter Parker was bitten, what happened to the rest of the radioactive spiders?
Have we seen a Walker bite which would not have otherwise been fatal?
How long does holy water keep?
Why does Jack Torrance say "white man's burden" to the ghost bartender?
What is the time difference between Thor and The Avengers?
Loki in the Avengers
Story about a hunted man and alien
Did Heinlein advocate the apparently militaristic, if not fascist society of Starship Troopers?
When Ron broke his wand, why didn't he apply for Hogwarts financial aid?
Is Galen Marek ("Starkiller") part of the Star Wars canon?
Is this a depiction of Lightsaber Form VII Juyo?
Could Avada Kedavra Be Used Legally Against Werewolves In Their Transformed State?
Does Lazarus Long have a beard?
Why did Major Nelson need to hide Jeannie from Dr. Bellows?
Sy-fy channel movie: scarecrow comes alive and attacks a farmer's son and a school bus, farmer retaliates
Mars' moons sizes in Total Recall (1990)
What are the minimal limits of Jeannie's power in I Dream of Jeannie?
Would tying Jeannie's arms behind her back render her powerless in I Dream of Jeannie?
During the breaking of I Dream of Jeannie, was it originally planned to be more risqué?
Does Harry Dresden of the Dresden Files book series wear a hat?
Is there a guide to the publication history of the X-Men?
TV show where something living in a well filled containers with gold and jewels?
Is Major Nelson gay in I Dream of Jeannie
When were the Maiar created?
Why do alien cultures tend to have one language, one religion etc
Are there any SciFi treatments of time travel that avoid the typical paradoxes?
In "The Wolf's Hour", why did Michael Gallatin have to catch a train to escape the forest?
What work of scifi broke the mold of zombies being undead voodoo minions and depicted them as mindless maneaters?
How was Harry going to kill Sirius Black?
What does the T-1000 hit just before it stabs the T-800 all the way through leading to the alternative power scene?
Does it occur to GLaDOS that the Black Mesa incident was a great achievement?
Is Magneto able to manipulate Vibranium?
Why is Batwoman part of the bat family?
How does the T-1000 see?
Why can't Lord Voldemort just kill all the good wizards with Avada Kadevra?
Identify this television series where pilot massages his own heart?
How does Thor's flight work exactly?
They knew where she was. Why didn't the Ministry of Magic ask Moaning Myrtle's ghost about her death?
Is Ianto gay in Torchwood?
When and why was Regan possessed in The Exorcist?
Could Superman be killed by a bullet made out of Kryptonite?
Old Japanese Sci-Fi Live Action, Swords took bullets?
Where do new Pokemon come from?
Who is the cat in chapter 17 of Prisoner of Azkaban?
Did they actually hold the 76th Hunger Games?
What is the significance of Frodo's dream before entering the Old Forest?
Why can't the Omega Key be found like the Anywhere Key was?
Trying to remember a story about a guy that goes back in time and brings mythical creatures to the future
Why don't the images in Blink turn into Weeping Angels?
Why didn't Sozin's comet enhance benders of other elements?
Who are the villains at the end of the 90s X-Men cartoon intro?
What should I watch/read before watching all the three Transformers movies?
Symbolism of characters at the end of V for Vendetta?
Is the picture based on a real picture in Terry Pratchett's "The Picture"?
Is Superman incapable of averting the catastrophe of an earlier-than-expected nova?
Why Did Gringotts Pay Out for Harry's Firebolt?
Does Captain Kirk drink decaf?
Voldemort chose his horcrux objects very carefully. Did it matter who he killed to make them?
Buffy The Vampire Slayer and Angel: Why is Spike on the cover of both?
Why the mutant group is called X-Men when there are women also in the team?
TNG episode where aliens are testing on the crew
Why was Jeffrey Price able to remember sending Boris back in time?
Why doesn't Agent J remember his father?
What is the volition in TimeCrimes?
Did Harry Potter ever wear contacts?
Would the Valley have made Jerec more powerful than Palpatine or Abeloth?
Is Batman's 'relationship' with Wonder Woman comic-book canon?
When was Transmetropolitan published?
Looking for a fantasy love story with time travel
Why wasn't Agent J still injured?
Can you genetically engineer powerful Force users?
How much did Larry Niven's Ringworld inspire the Halo game franchise?
In WALL•E, why does everyone get thrown when the Axiom suddenly lists?
How did Odin lose his one eye & why couldn't he fix it?
How are Norse gods of Dark Horse comics related with Marvel comics?
Why do 'loopers' only travel back 30 years into the past?
Short story about people who lived only a few days
70s Book about an intergalactic cruise
In Gibson's Sprawl trilogy, why did Wintermute split itself into the different Loas?
How to read the communication between spaceships in Excession?
How do you pronounce 'Tej'?
How Did Ginny Weasley Set the Basilisk on Muggleborns Without Getting Killed or Petrified?
Why Did Tom Riddle Want to Go After Mrs. Norris?
Motivation of Engineer in final scenes
Term coined by author of a book related to curses
Why was The One Ring "precious"?
How do characters with long lifespans blend and be accounted for within the Muggle world of Harry Potter? (E.g. Wizards and Muggles)
Intelligent spheres and abduction
Why was it so important to sacrifice Rachel?
Has The Doctor ever just run?
What is it about hyperdrive that is assumed to make the human mind go insane?
Can house-elves do laundry without being freed?
Is the white standing stone on the Barrow-Downs magical or evil?
Who owns the Hogwarts house-elves?
Could Hermione really free the Hogwarts house-elves with her knitted hats?
Could a Muggle Access the Room of Requirement?
Can Mystique create objects?
Did Anakin and Obi-Wan use the Force to protect themselves from the heat on Mustafar?
What are the black things the Death Eaters turn into in the movies called?
How did Sarah Connor know that she was pregnant with John Connor?
Does Bender ever kill a human?
What is the true origin of the orcs?
Is there an explanation for how the Klingons look in the rebooted Star Trek films?
Why didn't Skynet kill Kyle Reese?
When was Superman first mentioned in Literature?
What were the reasons for the completely different ending in the Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 film?
Who else knew that Lord Voldemort was Tom Marvolo Riddle?
If every single starfleet officer has to attend Starfleet Academy, wouldn't they run out of space?
Title of a fantasy trilogy where a group of children is transported to different worlds?
Is Arthur Dent a "hero"?
Could Kreia's plan to destroy the Force actually succeed?
Looking for the title of a graphic novel featuring a spaceship shaped like a bird and a gigantic earthworm
Story about a weather-controlling machine in an english village
Is Edward Cullen a pedophile?
What Year Is the Ford Anglia?
Is there a Known Space story about a field that catalyzes combustion?
Why did Walter use video tapes in Fringe?
Story about teenagers' rites of passage and telepathic aliens (human??) who partially erase memories?
Horror short story about a girl with red scarf
How does the paralyzing device used on Tony Stark work?
Why Is the Leaky Cauldron Famous?
How exactly is Arda supposed to be an ancient Earth?
What does "Ramble on" by Led Zeppelin have to do with LOTR?
Is the appearance of Istari related to Amandil?
Who makes or manufactures Lightsabers
Fantasy novel about a warrior who battles a 'king' with the help of a magician
How did Palpatine become so ugly all of a sudden?
The One Ring and Númenor
Does construction of a Lightsaber require use of the Force?
Can a blind person stop an angel?
Could any of the other eight Wraiths be destroyed by man?
Name of book on Arthurian legends
Trying to find the title of a fantasy book where the main character has living hair?
SF novel that takes place on a planet called Ragnarok?
How did dinosaurs end up on The Dinosaur Planet?
Book involving small scale spaceships which are used to power an economy?
Could Gaff have known about the unicorn without Deckard being a Replicant?
Are all the people on planet Zeist immortal/Immortal?
What's the story with planet Zeist vs. Earth?
Was there any influence of "Foundation" series by Asimov on "Star Wars"?
Help with A Diagram of the Races & Mythology of The Lord of the Rings
What's the significance of this passage from "The Goblet of Fire"
In Assassin's Creed: Embers, who talked to Ezio before the end?
Orphan siblings from another planet search their family's origin
Which Wizards and Witches used transfiguration magic in battles?
Story about people who travel through desert, have airships, consisting of two books
Why isn't there a safeguard to stop people stealing your time in "In Time"?
How does a Dyson Sphere's inhabitants deal without gravity?
Why Did Dudley Have to Have His Piggy Tail Surgically Removed?
Why Doesn't the Ministry Ever Modify the Dursleys' Memories?
Did Professor Snape teach Harry's 6th year class any DADA skills that came in useful in the rest of the series?
Is there a canon confirmation of why Dumbledore never gave Snape DADA teaching job?
A 80's comic could be late 70's book I read as a kid
What happens to the grid if the system is shut down
Why was the Astraeus never relaunched?
In what year did Voldemort curse the DADA job
How did the land line phone exits work in the Matrix? How did they get from the line they jacked into to the line they jacked out of?
Did Dumbledore Care About Any of His Hogwarts Charges Besides Harry or Draco Malfoy?
Title of a time travel movie involving a boy in alien armor and a girl?
Is Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them an exhaustive list of magical animals in the Harry Potter world?
the chess game in Through the Looking Glass
90s Mixed sci-fi and fantasy medieval show where the villain is captured and he went insane
Purpose of sending Dean into past in Supernaturals S04E03?
1960's film with rock monsters
Why did Alice lead the survivors through the graveyard in Resident Evil: Apocalypse?
Is Rick having a mental break down?
Are later references to Project Genesis?
Did Cyclops go to jail after the Avengers vs. X-Men?
How Were the Death Eaters Broken Out of Azkaban?
Have any Doctor Who books been referenced explicitly in the series?
The One Ring as an engagement ring?
Was Yoda a Padawan or a Jedi Knight?
Why Does Harry Have a Scar When Avada Kedavra Leaves No Trace?
In Walking Dead Season 3, how did the guys in riot gear die?
Could the Star Wars Universe survive without the Force?
Trying to identify an episode of a 1980's Sci-Fi TV Series. Perhaps Amazing Stories, Outer Limits?
What powers, if any, did the Silmarils have?
Help me remember a children's book set in the future
Why Did J.R.R. Tolkien Capitalize Certain Words Throughout His Books?
In the Valdemar series by Mercedes Lackey, what happens to a Companion when the Herald dies of ''natural causes''?
Can time machine bring a person zapped into the past by Weeping Angels back to the future?
What color is smurf blood?
Who did Benjamin think Thon Thaddeo was?
How come all the species reached technological age and warp drive at the same time?
Why don't Andorians show up in Star Trek more?
What 80s sci-fi novel has a volunteer take an injection that increases IQ?
Remembering a Fighting Fantasy style book, with nothing but illustrations
In the Series, The Dark Is Rising, Does Susan Cooper Make Historical References?
How did the Poet "die for the faith"?
Why hasn't Michonne turned in The Walking Dead?
How many Jedi use red lightsabers?
Does the Ender's Mind game ever get explained?
How much was Equilibrium influenced by Fahrenheit 451?
Is the theory that dwarf women look like dwarf men limited to the works of Tolkien?
Book about a society in a sunken ship
Did Tolkien originate the idea of dwarven women as being visually indistinguishable from dwarven men?
Why did Sam join the Night's Watch
Are Klingons obligate carnivores?
What is the name of this story about a psychopathic priest
Identify story about a fantasy world threatened by aliens
Who discovered the Engineer's language (and how it sounded)?
Green dragon riders sexual encounters in Pern series?
Lost book: ER doctor dreams of seven non-humanoid aliens who commit suicide
Can waterbenders heat water?
Why was only one kingdom of each of the free races invited to join the council of Elrond?
How did Ellen and Boomer suddenly find the Colonial Fleet?
What happened to Cylon model number Seven?
I used to watch the same movie over and over when I was a kid:
Short story about astronaut stung by a "bee"
What story features an alien who lands on a warring earth and maintains he could stop it if he taught humans his language?
If Diary Tom Riddle Had Succeeded, How Would He Have Strengthened the Present Day Voldemort?
If the Diary Tom Riddle Had Succeeded, Would He Have Been a Horcrux?
Sci-fi show plot where people are killed in war based on a calculation
How are the Green Lantern Corps Sectors arranged?
What are the rules regarding flying on a broom?
When did Aquaman lose his left hand?
What is "The Dark" and where can I learn more about it?
What evidence is there that Amon really used bloodbending to take away bending of the other characters?
In A Game of Thrones, how does Arya get through the Mud Gate?
DYN for Robert Asprin's Myth Adventures?
What motivated the Green headbands to genocide the Malay Chinese?
Which Broom Company Makes the Firebolt?
Why can't the military kill the Walking Dead?
What was Peter Parker’s college major?
How come blasters don't shoot straight?
What material is the holding container aboard the helicarrier made of?
A fantasy book where a young shepherd girl who comes back to her village to find everyone dead by plague
How does a non-sentient life being do intelligent things?
Are there real-world Recipes for Middle Earth?
On which episodes the Royal Wedding Castle Playset is based?
What is the reason/significance of a lion as Lannister house sigil?
What is the relationship between Benjamin and Leibowitz?
How did Skynet screw the world even before its activation?
Sci-fi fantasy book vampire anti-hero
In Looper, how did things change the first time?
Is there canonical reference linking the original Cyberdyne Systems research in T2 to Brewster's Skynet in T3?
What's the time dilation ratio between Earth time and Wonderland time?
How would the Borg collective work with two Borg queens?
Why isn't a riding broom a Muggle Artifact?
Is there a hidden significance behind the fact Galadriel gave 3 hairs to Gimli instead of one?
How are the shrunken kids able to breathe normal air?
Do the four brothers in TMNT train in other weapons?
Real-world recipes for A Song of Ice and Fire
What happened to Phillip in On Stranger Tides?
Were all vampires in the entire world killed at the end of Blade 3 movie?
Is Artur Hawkwing a greater Ta'veren than the three Two Rivers boys?
Is there a website which explain mysteries in wheel of time books?
What genre are the epic musical pieces from fantasies such as Lord Of The Rings?
Is there any truth to the rumor that Speaker for the Dead was ghost-written by a committee of Mormons for theological purposes?
After the past is altered in Source Code movie what would happen if Sean Fentress possessed by Colter Stevens Dies?
Why Santa Claus is said to be from "Yoda's species"?
What is the ratio of time dilation in "Wink of an Eye"
Neverwhere- Does Door fit the profile of the Manic Pixie Dream Girl?
Was it all just a dream?
Were there tigers or bears in L. Frank Baum's books about the land of Oz?
A book about young adults kidnapped and sent to a harsh planet to colonize it?
Which "Stargate" actor played the same role in "Stargate Atlantis"?
Why is Splinter's origin inconsistent in the various TMNT series?
Cyclops Visor Material and beam color
Does it break a rule for a first year to play Quidditch for his/her house team, or is it simply tradition?
Why Jadeite Coffee Cups in Science Fiction Series?
Significance of the White Stag and Hunt in The Hobbit
Are Enterprise security personnel trained in combat?
Which EU material tells Count Dooku's story before Attack of the Clones
Does 'Mars Is Bright Tonight' Have a Specific Meaning?
Does Huey Lewis & the News exist in the Back to the Future universe?
Teen Book with Two Boys Transported to Future
In 'The Redemption of Althalus', is the beginning of the story line a Dream Vision?
What does Gandalf say To Galadriel in the Hobbit trailer?
A story about fossilized alien remains being discovered on earth
Gender of Bene Gesserit offspring
Is there any basis for The Destroyer in Norse Mythology?
Which book/film ended this way?
Why do the symbols on Jaffa foreheads differ?
To whom was Yoda referring when he said, "There is another?"
Can Ghosts hold on to their Intellectual property?
If Seiya died at the end of the "Hades", how can he fight as Gold Saint in "Saint Seiya Omega"?
What was the "Watcher in the water"?
Who added the extra wards to Callandor?
After the events of 'The Big Bang' what is the state of Gallifrey?
Why doesn't the Doctor's Matrix degrade again?
How do the ships in Firefly travel immense distances?
What did Toothless draw?
Telepathic Teenage Boy Alone on Planet Who Hears Alien Voice in His Head
Sci-Fi poem in iambic pentameter about a little person who became normal size within days involving Elvis Presley
What's all the carrying PADDs around?
Why are nuclear weapons rare in the Star Wars universe?
Does Prometheus contradict Alien vs. Predator?
Does the TMNT episode 'The Darkness Within' reference a specific H.P. Lovecraft story?
Did the Dementors Affect the Death Eaters in Azkaban?
Is this an example of teleportation in Star Wars?
Who owned the pit prison in Dark Knight Rises?
How plausible is Harvey/Two-Face's condition?
Who built the large-scale cell phone sonar device?
Doctor Who: Big Bang 2.0 is driving me crazy
What is the name of 90's cartoon about valley of whales?
Short story where the Bethlehem Star proves to be a supernova, and an expedition visits its remains
Could Sauron have defeated the Dwarves if they had gotten the Ring from the Hobbits per Sauron's request?
Couldn't you just mass produce Captain Picard with the transporter?
New To Star Trek
What Kind of Weapon Do the Giants Use In The Film 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2'?
In Sandman: A Game of You: Why were Weirdzos used instead of Bizarros?
What is the earliest depiction of realistic (hard sci-fi) giant humanoid mechas or robots?
How can there be so many zombies in The Walking Dead if they consume live people?
Name this science fiction novel dealing with population explosion and pollution
Isn't Cobb's Totem Invalid?
When did the crack in Amy's wall re-open?
How was Nearly Headless Nick unpetrified?
Is it true that C-3PO was anatomically correct?
What are the words of Galadriel at the beginning of the Fellowship?
Who else was programming dolls in the LA Dollhouse?
Has the Doctor ever snapped his fingers to open the TARDIS since early series 5?
Did the Nazgûl wear their 9 rings?
In Jumper (2008) was David limited to the unimaginative locations we saw him teleport to?
Was Xavier's surprise at Magneto's helmet ever retconned?
What and where is the technology used to project Rimmer in Red Dwarf?
Why did the Rings turn Nazgûl invisible and their clothes visible, while The One Ring turned both invisible?
Would Gollum's clothes turn invisible when he wore The One Ring?
Are the 9 Nazgûl rings visible when worn?
Why was the realm of shadows impenetrable to vision but not hearing?
What did the Nazgûl do before Sauron rose again?
Was Mount Erebor called "The Lonely Mountain" because it was the singular feature in the area, or for some other reason?
Dystopian book: inhabitants of an underground city have no books and don't know the war has ended
How is the five year disappearance of a Doll/Active explained?
Why did it have to be Amy that remembers the Doctor?
Do owls have to have training?
What is the time frame for Batman Begins, The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises?
Why rebuild the bat signal in The Dark Knight Rises?
Can Ted die a natural death?
Does Batman/Bruce Wayne have a quintessential "love of his life"?
Can an Animagus retain their wand in animal form?
Terminator 2: Judgement Day T-1000 vs. T-800
An author/book that described the future history of humanity, going as far as the Big Crunch?
What is the name of this old sci fi movie
Is there a summary/map somewhere of the geo-political breakdown of the world in Heinlein's Friday?
What Is the Correct Pronunciation of Beauxbatons?
Would Harry still be a Parselmouth at the end of the Deathly Hallows?
ID this 90's stop motion film about little people
What colour is Legolas' hair?
Book in which 'Genius' children created programs
Is inconsistent Inertial Dampener performance ever explained?
Why does the bridge dim during Red Alert?
Were there any Vulcans serving on the Enterprise D?
ID this 90's animated children's film about alien invasion to forest
Why sprinkle Holy water on each other?
Do offensive spells and similar "missile" spells have range?
Why did Smaug gather a treasure of gold and other precious objects?
Was the "Eye of Sauron" Sauron's actual physical form?
Mothership broken down
Book about human girl who lives with dragons
A book about a boy with special powers in a school with others like him
In the Dresdenverse, can Wizards detect each other?
How could Expelliarmus beat Avada Kedavra?
Is there a sci fi novel, where humans were segregated by their access to artificial genetic improvements?
Is each transmutation circle unique?
Where Did Dolores Umbridge Get Her Evil Quill?
Are the Seanchan real?
Young Adult book from 80's or 90's: unpopular girl finds a vampire in her attic
How did the Millennium Falcon get from Hoth to Bespin without hyperdrive?
Looking for science fiction assassination story with mysterious girl
Back To The Future: Time Travel Paradox
In which episode does Wesley not know how to open a regular door?
How did Chuck Berry come up with Johnny B. Goode in the original timeline?
Why does Hermione whisper Levicorpus?
Creature crawling under surface of walls - Horror movie
Does Elend Venture ever identify his rescuer?
Hauser's Mission
To what "power" in the Shire does Gandalf refer to in the Fellowship?
Planet with butterfly-like aliens is contacted by humans
By the end of the Batman Trilogy, how many people came to know the true Identity of Bruce Wayne?
Why does Jiji not talk at the end of the movie?
Is the Christian symbolism specific to one sect?
Why Was Hagrid's Wand Snapped?
Evil force in basement possesses people
Did Voldemort Kill Anyone By Means Other Than Avada Kedavra? (Aside from ...)
How does an active deal with people met under a previous identity?
Did Draco Malfoy Have the Dark Mark?
Looking for title & author - short story - possibly called "Arms Race" - about rediscovery of manual arithmetic
alien race gives us the ultimate weapon "for good and evil" which works both ways - probably 1950s
Did Snape ever commit murder?
Other than Morgoth, were any of the Valar ever susceptible to physical injury?
What Does the Title "Ama" Mean in Wicked?
1970s space cadet training novel for young adults
Who or what is the voice Cole hears and calling him as "Bob" in Twelve Monkeys?
Dwarf-like humans living in trees
Were Elladan and Elrohir afraid of the dead?
In the potterverse, how do giants procreate with humans?
How could Tom Riddle's diary know what happened between Tom and Hagrid?
Why did Dumbledore tell Harry there were 6 Horcruxes when he already knew Harry was a horcrux?
If Sauron had won, would the Valar have intervened?
When is a raven like an eagle? When it's on the Ravenclaw house crest
Why were the Gundams being sent into the Sun?
What does Gandalf mean by "Secret Fire", "Flame of Anor" and "Flame of Udûn"?
The Matrix: When Neo and Trinity shoot security/police are they actually killing real people?
Besides the Basilisk, What Kind of Magic Can Cause Someone to Be Petrified?
A sci-fi series episode about ex military man's brain wired to the computer
Story on quantum indeterminacy: protagonist has to “quantum select” a portable computer’s state
I read Asimov's Foundation trilogy. Which Foundation novel should I tackle next?
What does the Mirror Pool actually duplicate?
How long do the dragons of Middle Earth live?
Do the Palantíri have powers to lure?
Why Did Sauron Believe Pippin Had the One Ring?
Why can't animals turn into the undead in The Walking Dead?
How did Khan know of the old Klingon proverb?
What gave Isildur the power to successfully curse the Men of Dunharrow?
Why did Sauron not notice the Phial used by Sam to defeat Shelob?
What parts of the Hobbit book are covered by the first film?
What elements from non-Hobbit Tolkien canon have been included in the Hobbit movie?
What did Sauron want/manage to achieve from the Seven Dwarven rings?
What relation/link is there between Glaurung and Smaug, if any?
Did the 7 Dwarven Rings impact the enmity between Dwarves and Elves?
Why didn't the Jedi carry shields?
TV show about a detective forced to partner with a cyborg
Story [novel, novella?] that featured faster-than-light or hyperdrive gained from observing distant drive use, also had a sentient star
A mutation-themed short story from the 60s or 70s
Obscure movie from 1980s/1990s - Cartoon (maybe anime) with girl
Is Beta Colony less democratic than it seems?
Could the Planeteers switch rings?
Can any body part be regenerated with magic?
What level of autonomy was Sauron granted by Morgoth?
What is the 'special hell' that Bob refers to in Cold Days?
How many distinct species are seen in the Mos Eisley cantina?
Are there any comic book heroes (DC or Marvel preferably) that served in the US Navy (not marines)?
What is a hag in Harry Potter?
What does it mean when: The gods raised Valinor & globed the world?
Did the prophets ever manifest themselves in the Star Trek universe?
Recapturing the Zombies that have been Released?
Why did Kenobi alert Grievous about ship's self-destruct?
What happened when Master Yoda went to find his Lightsaber crystal?
Laser Cannon on YT-1300
How did Narada escape from inside the event horizon of the black hole?
How old is Emmett Brown in 1985?
How does Darth Vader breathe?
Why did Sirius Black's family live among Muggles?
What were the midi-chlorian counts for the main characters in the films?
Story Identification: Movie set in Medieval times with a dragon creature
How does everyone know they have to get to Toman Head?
Why did the Seanchan hang the watchers?
Does the Rebel Alliance still exist after the death of Palpatine and Vader?
Why Didn't Madam Hooch Stop Dobby's Rogue Bludger?
What's this novel? A mathematician turned marine is transported to the future
AG-2G Quad Laser Cannon Technical Details
Time Travel story where an imprisoned psychopath kills people from his past?
Short story about an immersive video game with a fantasy dungeon crawl theme
Are there different versions of Doctor Who episodes?
What is a mummer?
Is the Doctor Who episode 'Blink' the first use of the phrase "timey-wimey"?
What were the names of the main characters in 'The Programmed Man'
Why didn't James' love and sacrifice for Lily protect her?
Where did J.R.R. Tolkien state that Arwen suggested that Frodo be allowed to sail West?
Why does the Silver Surfer create holes on earth?
Do we see any female pilots in the original trilogy?
Why did Thorongil warn Ecthelion against the White Wizard?
Movie/TV series, which bullets carried DNA of the shooter
In Game of Thrones, which were the "Seven Kingdoms" of Westeros?
Do Powell and Donovan experience relativistic time dilation, in 'Escape!'?
What happened in Tasha Yar's bedroom?
Why do the other changelings look like Dr Mora?
Book about RPG players who get pulled into their game
Darker short-story anthology featuring Whelan-like art, beach campfire on cover?
The Jesus Incident: Is there a reason Herbert used the name "Jesus Lewis"?
Can one's House change?
Did the Harry Potter movies influence JKR's later HP books?
Did Rowling ever explain her last sentence in Deathly Hallows?
Are there canon examples of students permanently transferring from one school to another in Potterverse?
Why does Princess Bubblegum remember time differently at different ages?
What's the range of Magneto's powers?
Short story about alien military telepathy?
Has the human race gone vegetarian in Star Trek?
Why do they still refer to the "Seven Kingdoms" in Game of Thrones?
Why does Ron have scars on his arms?
What are the different provinces mentioned in a Game of Thrones?
Book featuring magic headgear and death by cats
Animatrix: What's going on in "Matriculated"?
Animatrix: In "Kid's Story", how was the kid found?
Near early '80s sci-fi novel with a Middle aged woman set adrift/banished from Earth in a space ship and transplanted to a younger body
A movie in which an alien with human form crashes and rebuilds his ship with a love story in between
Just how close is that other Earth in Another Earth?
Are Isaac Asimov's views borne out through Dr Calvin?
Has Captain Kirk ever been to London?
What is the maximum distance Lila Cheney can teleport to?
Why does Theoden call Gandalf "Stormcrow"?
Why didn't the dwarf women have beards in The Hobbit - An Unexpected Journey?
A short story I read long ago about the phone system 'waking up'
What was the "Fellowship of the Castle" in Stardust?
What book is Milgrim reading in William Gibson's Spook Country?
Bill, the Galactic Hero: meaning of the Leg
How many children did Valentine have in "Speaker" trilogy?
Do Aiuas in Enderverse have gender?
Is the ship to ship combat in the Star Trek movies meant to evoke the 'Age of Sail'?
How do the Dune sandworms move?
Who is to credit for Aaron Satie's wisdom?
Identify Book - 1st chapter about a woman awaking after a battle in a snowy landscape
Why didn't Gimli know Moria had fallen?
Why did Peter Allan Fields leave "Deep Space Nine"?
Which House was Moaning Myrtle From?
Does Gollum know that he was once a hobbit?
How does Saruman the White compare in power to other beings?
Where did the Sandworms/Sandtrout originally come from?
Why did Benito climb up Satan while Dante Alighieri and his guide Virgil climbed down?
Where do Orc babies come from?
Origin of Darth Vader's name
Why does Neo say there is no spoon?
What stands in the way of rapid mass transportation in Faerûn?
Why didn't the Fidelius charm on Shell Cottage stop the heroes from apparating there from Malfoy Manor?
Why wasn't James Potter his own Secret Keeper?
...and in "The Darkness" bind them: Is this referring to Melkor's brand of 'not mere lack of light' darkness?
Did Radagast's saving of the hedgehog scare away the spiders?
1970's Horror TV movie?- about parasitic house-it gets young as inhabitants get older (fast) or die
Why did Justice League choose the Batcave to hide in?
What is this Klingon Santa saying?
How Did Tom Riddle Get His Memories Into the Diary?
What non-canon elements were added to The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey
What did the Dwarvish Runes Say in the Final Shot of the Hobbit (Part I)?
Why are broomsticks associated with Witches?
How did the One Ring abandon Gollum?
How Can Those Wearing the One Ring Be Seen in the Sunlight As a Shadow?
Why not close the connection to the outside?
What caused the village drought in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom?
What does Yoda wear around his neck?
Does no one run in Star Trek?
Why does Gandalf seek counsel from Saruman about the One Ring after leaving Frodo in the Shire?
Are there multi-headed trolls in Middle-Earth beyond The Hobbit reference?
"Elves on the Road" reading order
Why didn't Hugh the Hand turn into a lazar?
What happens if the Borg queen dies?
Book where wizards learn magic by bonding with crystals that imbue them with powers
Could Brent Spiner still play Data?
How is faeces processed in stillsuits?
Why are the Bene Gesserit tonsured/bald in the movie?
Did the stone giants fighting in the mountains have any effect on the story?
Was there confirmed opposition to Willow's relationship in Buffy season 5?
1980s robot cartoon. A boy, girl and a baby robot. they were red bodied with white heads
Comic female protagonist, pretty sure a goddess?
Do the elves have pity for other races?
Story about first Spacecraft
Why did the Dwarven Rings of Power cause greed?
How and why did the Elves sense Sauron's treachery when he put on the One Ring?
Muad'Dib vs. Mahdi
What is Lando Calrissian wearing on his Wrist?
Does the release order of the Pathfinder series match the in-universe order?
Why is the gom jabbar seldom administered to males?
Could the Arkenstone have been a Silmaril?
What is the relationship between the Compassion and the Brassica?
Identify an anime series with combining robots
1980s fantasy film with bat-like creatures that wrapped their prey in their wings?
Why has the octopus become the representative animal of the Steampunk genre?
First Gen vs Second Gen prolong in Honorverse
Was Jessica the only Bene Gesserit who majorly violated her orders?
Did the Council of Elrond know that destroying the Ring would destroy Sauron?
Is it possible to understand what R2-D2 is saying?
Anime series where people have powers based on their fetishes
In the Dresden Books, is there any quantified hierarchy among the Sidhe Court political structure?
Asimov end of the world short story
Why did the Mithril coat fail to stop Shelob's sting?
How much power can the powercell of a lightsaber deliver to the blade?
Is The Sorcerer's Apprentice inspired by Harry Dresden?
What happened to this scene?
Short story where Nazi Hermann Goering is killed and resurrected/cloned multiple times so he can be punished repeatedly?
Did Palpatine know about the Lost Tribe of Sith and Abeloth?
TV series about a man living in a mansion with a ghost
What should I know about the Fisher King legends before reading Last Call?
What's a merc-pool in Asimov's The Caves of Steel?
I'm looking for a teen book trilogy with science fiction
How do people use verbal authorisation codes in Star Trek without giving them away?
Has Star Trek ever addressed why our timeline is different than theirs?
What were the wolves that attacked the Fellowship of the Ring?
Synthezoid vs Android
What 1980s TV series has two men running from something and filling a pool with liquid in its opening credits?
60s-70s science-fiction novel about interstellar agent with artificial hand
Would the Horcrux Cave Potion Have Killed Dumbledore?
Which character has the distinction of being personally identified as the "Mummy" in the most motion pictures?
What kind of rabbits did Radagast use to pull his sleigh?
Do vampires exist in the Potterverse?
What powers did the ruby red slippers have?
How could a small Romulan invasion force invade Vulcan?
Was there any mention in Star Trek canon or non-canon novels of any encounter between the Borg and Klingons or Romulans?
How could Star Fleet personnel operate non-Star fleet equipment or vessels?
What is the typical command structure and number of officers on a Galaxy-class starship?
Looking for an odd space movie from 80's or 70's
Looking for a Japanese UFO Movie with a mission to Venus
Soldier returns home, brings war with him
Do "life support belts" exist outside of ST:TAS?
Is the sphere or bubble of pure force overused in scifi movies?
What were the typical punishments for violating different Federation laws?
Why aren't "life support belts" used elsewhere in the Trek universe?
Why does the Doctor celebrate Christmas?
Has J. Michael Straczynski ever revealed the meanings of names in Babylon 5?
What was the short TV mini-movie in the 1970s where a college student restores a old car and then goes back in time in it
How did Quark avoid incarceration despite having committed many crimes?
Are transporters used as the main travelling method between cities on 24th century Star Trek Universe Earth?
Is the Borg Collective limited to bipeds?
Are there any holidays in Middle Earth, except Yule, Lithe, New Year in Gondor and Durin's Day?
If the Federation crew was able to beam aboard Borg cubes, why didn't they destroy it from the inside?
Has there been any reference to the use of knowledge given from the Cytherians to the Enterprise-D?
Whose face is in the Doctor Who Christmas special intro?
Do the people in the movie In Time suffer from any diseases?
What are Witches (if any) in Middle-earth?
Levicorpus confusion between the Order of the Phoenix and The Half-Blood Prince
Can the doctor really control the wind?
Who is the first human to be assimilated by the Borg?
In Star Trek First Contact, why did the Borg go to Earth, then back in time, couldn't they have time travelled first?
Movie or TV series' episode, where psychics with telekinetic power deal with supernatural enemies
Movie where prisoners with death penalty were forced to participate in a TV show were they could die or win liberty
Movie or TV series' episode where a bad guy was punished by putting him in a deadly maze
In BSG when do we learn the assigned Cylon numbers for the models?
A horror movie whose name I can't remember!
The Borg uses many numbers as species designation, who were Species 1?
Is "The Jesus Incident"'s generating chlorine gas from seawater feasible?
Who originally named Superman?
How does ascension work in the Malazan Book of the Fallen series by Steven Erickson?
What Curse Did Peter Pettigrew Use to Kill Thirteen Muggles at Once?
How can Galadriel go into the West?
What does it mean by "switch" in these context?
Why did Doc Brown choose the Delorean DMC-12 as his first time traveling vehicle?
What programming language could Iron Man's Jarvis be programmed in?
How long was the Doctor sulking?
Is the Dredd 3D script based on a comic?
Why was Babylon 5 stationed and built orbiting around Epsilon III?
Movie or TV series episode where a kid has got some rocks that can't be moved, if so a monster could come catch him
Acceleration of Cosmotron Express in Tom Swift Jr Vol 32
Were Luke and Leia originally planned to be related?
Did all Doctors and companion characters leave the rebooted series because of the decision of the individual actor/actress?
Why there is a tombstone for Rory in the cemetery of Queens 2012?
Why were there 3-7-9 Rings of Power?
What material is Ord's weapon made of?
The Hobbit audio book by Rob Inglis
How can the prophet fail to anticipate some events?
No one caring about the Prophet of the Lord
Why not just chop off the head of the Leviathan posing as Dick Roman?
Matters the Prophet is purposely leaving out
Why didn't anyone break the Elder Wand?
Did Zelazny give a reason for using the name "Amber"?
Casting "Riddikulus" on a Dementor?
How old is Treebeard?
Barty Crouch Jr uttering Lord Voldemort's name?
Did Stephen Baxter or Arthur C. Clarke's estate ever comment on continuing "A Time Odyssey"?
Who or what sent the Orb back in time in "Brisco County Jr."?
Is there more than one Basilisk?
Why is Jon Vander's nickname "Dutch"?
Was Stark a special kind of Banik / Stykera?
Why was Firefly cancelled?
Movie or TV series episode where workers prepare the reality in the future for people coming from the past
Why is it possible to get hurt in the Matrix?
In the original airing of the pilot, was Nibbler's shadow drawn under the desk in the cryogenics lab?
Why was Thor going to be made king if Odin is immortal?
In Alien, what were the Xenomorph's two mouths used for?
Military sci-fi story: Soldier gets bone implants, can't retire, fights on through the pain
How did Thor return for Shawarma?
Confusion with the Alien's death at the end of Alien 3
When did Ripley get infected with the parasitic Xenomorph?
What is the reason John Williams did not compose more for the Harry Potter Movies?
Since when do the members of Torchwood know about the existence of the Doctor?
Why did the real Captain Jack Harkness in 1941 kiss Captain Jack Harkness?
Does Superman ever make a reference to the New Year?
Trying to recall a sci-fi book I read in the '70s
How long did the Rebellion study the Death Star plans?
Fringe: how could September or any other man from the future catch gun bullets in the air?
Hogwarts 'exceeds expectations' passing grade
How did Thor get treasury to purchase resources to rebuild Asgard on Earth?
Why did Gollum try to touch the corpses in the Dead Marshes?
Civilian Aviation Engineer on BSG
What happened to the rest of Bert, Tom and William's treasure trove?
Where does the treasure in the troll cave come from?
What parts of Half-Blood Prince were originally written for Chamber of Secrets?
Short story; citizens allotted votes based on education, military service, etc
Is there any difference between Federation and Non-federation replicators / transporters?
How heavy is Superman on Earth?
Is the Green Lantern's Power limited to physical manifestations?
Trying to identify a tv series from the early 80's about a man who came from the Sun?
What is the title of this Star Wars book?
Do you think this is air you're breathing?
What characteristics do Alpha/Beta wolves have in the Twilight series?
How are new werewolves made?
Trying to remember a book where a young man refuses to upload his mind digitally
How was Obi-Wan felled by such minor injuries?
In Sunshine (2007) what is this flashing face about?
Was the Wookiee language fully designed or is it just random emotionally-relevant sounds?
Is there an in-universe name for the "Vulcan Salute"?
Why did the Jedi learn fencing?
Are there dark side Jedi who are not Sith?
Was the Doom of Mandos a curse or a prediction?
What happened to the carcass of Smaug after the events of The Hobbit?
Did the Doctor and Jabe ever have intimate relations?
Star Wars - Jedi philosophy in combat
What does the Starfleet insignia represent?
How did the cookfire get hot enough to melt gold in Game of Thrones?
Why didn't Data give Picard the stardate instead of the Gregorian date?
Why is the original "self" lost through death in The 13th Floor and replaced by the virtual one?
How does Sam bleed?
Was Elrond, in Tolkien's opinion, more inherently powerful than Galadriel?
Psychic girl who can read thoughts by touch!
Can Wolverine survive blood-borne diseases?
Looking for an 80's movie about a house obsessed with a girl?
Movie about a woman who becomes obsessed with a necklace and its former owner and it kills her
With which mindset should I watch Dr. Who?
Is there any basis for the Kirk/Uhura flirting?
What was this Giant wall in Space?
How does the USS Enterprise 1701-D computer compare to the current supercomputers?
Did Kirk and Uhura actually kiss?
SF TV series where fighter pilots lay prone to fly their ships
Where four of seven kingdoms meet?
If Gollum had the One Ring so long, how did he not have more power?
Are orcs and goblins really the same thing?
How far could the characters in Wreck-it Ralph travel from Game Central Station?
What are the size limits of a Federation replicator?
Is the Doctor still married?
What does Kevin Flynn mean when he says "The old man's gonna knock on the sky, listen to the sound."?
What happened to Harry's items?
Can a replicator replicate a replicator?
Which kids movie, from the 80s involved aliens with guns that could be powered by pennies?
Can latinum be transporter beamed?
First contact filmed like it was real life
Is there no air superiority in Warhammer 40k?
What Sci-Fi book about robot domination is this?
Do Nick and Juliette have a television?
In the opening sequence of the walking dead, what are the crows feasting on?
Who are the rest of members at Elrond's Council?
What (if any) is the relationship between Gwyneth and Gwen Cooper?
Did George Lucas popularise the yell that is used in every star wars movie and is generally in other movies?
Did Boba-Fett ever have children (or clones) of his own?
How will Harry Potter be in danger if he did not return to his Aunt and Uncle's house?
When did Harry get back the Marauder's Map?
A story about passengers and pilots getting food-poisoned causing a disastrous terminal situation?
Young Adult book about kids being bred for genetic purity in a world where races no longer exist
What are the limits on a Metamorphmagus?
Did the exiled Noldor return to Valinor or are they restricted to Eressea after their rebellion?
Scifi novel from 90's with AI, robots, and a holodeck-like room
What are Starfleet Academy required courses for officers?
How do the Daleks Build Anything, without themselves having hands?
What did Denethor do in the secret room?
In DC the New 52 are Adam One and Merlin the same person?
How did Sauron not know about the Ring?
When to use a runabout or a shuttle in a mission?
Short Story about alien invader scouts encountering a grizzly bear
In “Silent Running”, why blow up the Domes?
Are there any classic Doctor Who episodes featuring the Last Great Time War?
In the 2005 King Kong movie, what did the native old woman try to say to Ann Darrow?
Where does the monster go after getting murdered in Purgatory?
Is there anything special about the Sunnydale Hellmouth?
Is Quorra human now?
Viola and voila in Rainbows End
What was the "obvious solution" to the first crisis in foundation?
Was Saruman's secret plan settled when he meet Gandalf in Rivendell?
Does Star Trek ever address the infinite range of projectile-based space weapons?
In Rivendell, did Saruman try to use his "Voice" on Elrond, Galadriel and Gandalf?
Was there any planned, ultimate resolution to the storyline of the Dead Zone television series?
How can Superman legally arrest people outside of Metropolis?
Why is Starfleet HQ in San Francisco?
Has any Milky Way native traveled outside our galaxy?
Why did the Valiant still exist after time was rewound when the Master was defeated?
Wouldn't the use of WayneTech by Bane fully expose Bruce Wayne's identity as Batman?
Why did Anakin get the title Darth?
What was the particular risk in the road out of the Isenmouthe?
Why is Coruscant the galactic center?
What is the Klingon Bloodwine made of?
Did Starfleet ships get upgrades to use metaphasic shields?
Deflector vs Metaphasic shields in Star Trek?
Did Starfleet Research departments try to make use of Data's experiment to produce another android (Lal)?
Can and Does Commander Data make frequent backup's of his programs and memories?
Arthur C. Clarke's Bibliography
Can I pass to a Stargate Back and Forth?
Old movie like Inception where hero entered dreams?
How were Gandalf, Elrond and Galadriel able to comunicate telepathically?
Facehugger-animal offspring
In 'The Hobbit: AUJ', why is Gandalf submissive in Saruman's presence?
What are Gandalf's powers?
The Angel Paradox; Is it possible to see an Angel move under the following circumstances?
Was Ishara actually Tasha Yar's sister?
Is there a fully sentient android race in Star Trek?
Why was Worf raised by humans when he had cousins on Qo'noS?
How did Taliesin come to be wrapped in a skin in icy waters?
What happens to the food that Commander Data digests or drinks?
Can and did the Q ever give their powers to mortal beings (aside from Riker)?
How did V gain access to the Fate super-computer?
Coruscant's Hyperspace Coordinates
Why is Miracle Day such a problem in the short term?
Is the Klingon language the only constructed language seen on-screen?
Were there any plans for Dr. Noonian Soong to create a mate for Data?
If I want to replicate say three apples in a replicator, will they be exactly the same to the molecule or there would be slight variance?
Have there been any canonical references to the holodeck/holosuites being used for virtual physical 'partnerings' with holodeck-produced constructs?
Why doesn't Helo see the lurking Cylon observers as he travels with Boomer?
80s scifi story about parasites feeding on emotions
How often could Bink's mother use her talent?
How to make Butterbeer?
What scifi novel with an eco-theme had a separate, primitive species of humans and a kind of insect hive mind?
James T. Kirk: Why "Tiberius"?
Trying to identify pre-1970s short story involving multiple humans absorbed into an alien blob
Why didn't the rebels on Hoth use X-Wings to fight AT-ATs?
Why the name changes for Janeway?
How many snowspeeders (T-47) participated in the Battle of Hoth according to canon?
What's on Belgarion's Medallion?
Why did Ambassador Jeffrey Sinclair not want Garibaldi to join him and others on War Without End mission?
A Memory of Light Question on the Epilogue
How did Kakashi know Kushina will give birth to a 'son'?
How is the Ogier Loial able to drive back the shadowspawn?
Why did Merlin not heal his fatigue with magic?
How can a destination gate glow when being dialed?
Does Emperor Palpatine have a first name?
What happened to Voldemort's first body (corpse)?
Why don't the people alive in the Walking dead use animals?
Did Jordan base the Aiel on Herbert's Fremen?
What spell did Julia use at the begining of the Magician King?
What powers does Galadriel have?
Would survival in a zombie apocalypse be easier in a colder climate?
80s TV series with aliens that grow in small pods
Were there (or are there) any Dark Wizards who were Sorted into the Hufflepuff House?
Did anyone make a count of the number of times Egwene/Nynaeve/Elayne got caught?
What is the 'tribe' referred to early in Sheepfarmer's Daughter by Elizabeth Moon?
Can anyone identify a story where astronauts delay their return to earth for tax reasons?
Is the inner world of Tron a simulation or an alternate reality?
How did the Andorians exit the Delphic Expanse?
Was Po's evil side indicative of his true feelings?
Did Lord Voldemort not know that Snape was an accomplished Occlumens?
What was Azog's role in canon?
Fantasy about hunting for ginseng
What is the point of the Sorting Hat?
Can destruction of the black hole restore original timeline?
Superman vs. The Elite: Stripping Powers
Is thread theoretically possible?
Childbirth after the event in Childhood's End
Is the Teen Titans Robin Tim Drake or Dick Grayson?
In the Battle of the Seven Potters, why didn't Harry take the Polyjuice Potion?
Story where one man chosen to represent all earth interviewed by alien galactic empire
Science Fiction movie from the 80's or 90's about aliens that crash land on earth and are helped by a young girl
Is The Doctor (EMH Mark I) technologically similar to the holodeck?
In the E.T. Movie, or in the novels, is there an indication to an actual galaxy that's his fictional home?
How were the original Star Trek phasers holstered without a belt or a pocket?
What five creatures were sacrificed in Barb & J.C. Hendee's Sister of the Dead?
Which "Batman Beyond" episode has dream life simulation machines?
What's the name of a book about super endurance through relaxation?
What did this prophecy from the Karaethon Cycle mean in A Memory of Light? (Spoilers)
Why did Mad-eye Moody (disguised Barty Crouch, Jr) wait until the very end?
Identify series/tv film with hologram tv and eye gouging
Why did Sting glow blue when Orcs were near by?
Why does Bilbo change?
Forest of the Dead - Vashta Nerada have the knowledge of the Library
Story Identification: Book set in Egypt with a (previously) undiscovered, upside-down pyramid
Felix felicis (lucky potion or lucky instinct provoker?)
What happened to Vanko's legs in Iron Man 2?
In "Revolt in the Stars", why did Xenu decide to destroy the excess aliens?
Is it possible that Middle-earth was overpopulated?
Story Identification: 1980s series about four characters who escape a post-apocalyptic city in a bubble
Movie about a paranoid hacker being pursued by some agency
Would a lightsaber melt or vaporize a bullet?
Anime about a cop with a robot partner and a rampaging tank
What H.P. Lovecraft stories do Charles Stross's Laundry series reference?
Why are Dwarves usually shown to like Axes?
So what is the most likely answer for what happened to M5-BZ?
Has there been a story of Predators mutated by and into Aliens?
Book about families living in sectors separated by money and categorized by color?
When else has a certain character died? (Wheel of Time, minor spoiler)
What were the questions and answers the Aelfinn gave to Moiraine?
How did Snape feel about Harry?
Post-apocalyptic novel: an astronaut returns to an Earth reverted to the stone age
What did the title "A Memory of Light" refer to?
The Last Battle - farmers at the river
SciFi series from the 80s (or 70s?): main character with bionic powers
How on Earth did the Dursleys get off "The Rock?"
Why was Dumbledore worried by the cut in Harry's arm?
Did Voldemort know that his wand's core came from Fawkes?
When was Data made bullet proof/resistant?
How can Odo speak?
Can't recall a particular event in Lovecraft's Reanimator novel
what sci-fi story features an experimental FTL drive which triggers destination (and origin) sun to go nova?
What is the significance of Atlas's family?
Where does Artemis stand in the Star Trek timeline?
Looking for a book with four-armed feline fighter-pilots looking for Earth
Name origins for characters in Harry Potter Series
Why did flagship starships all get the name Enterprise?
What's the name of this Space Marine Commander?
What did the Dark Prophecy in Towers of Midnight mean?
Semi-naked lady in a transparent box full of needles which draw blood
Why didn't a SG team just bring back a Dial Home Device?
What happened to the 'freezing' side effect of gate travel?
How do SG teams know how to get home?
What spell did Dumbledore use against Voldemort in the Ministry of Magic?
What qualifies as murder when creating a Horcrux?
How does the Universal Translator handle measurement units?
Aliens psych test humans before allowing them to settle
What is the name of a fantasy TV series that features crystals as an element a lot?
Why did the Female Changeling surrender?
The Founders, The 'Ancient Humanoids', the Preservers - are they linked?
Forgotten fantasy childrens book about 3 races, little, big and aqua people
80s scifi about athletes
Arthur C. Clarke on science fiction fans
What did the boat represent in the Wheel of Time?
What scene in A Memory of Light did this viewing represent?
Why does Ryan Ask this to Jack?
What is the deal with Daniel Jackson's sweater?
What's with the Alpha Legion in Warhammer 40K?
How much of Cloud Atlas was real?
What happened to Cassandra?
Why wasn't Professor Flitwick at the Sorting Ceremony? or, If he was, Why was he surprised by Having Harry in his Class?
Children of the Gods plot inconsistency?
Were the time eras in Cloud-Atlas happening in parallel?
Why does Galactica jump so close to planets?
Humankind colonizes planets, main character is a "spartan" with augmented bones
SG-1 A matter of time
Can universal translator be used to communicate with animals?
What happens when Goa'uld Lord enters a Jaffa
How did humans and vulcans communicate in Star Trek: First Contact?
Why are there so many bottomless pits in Star Wars
Why did Lieutenant Dirige let Arcadia go?
Is General Kalani more advanced than other Super Tactical Battle droids?
Why did time travelers in Timecop turn into gelatinous blobs of goo-energy if they came into contact with their former selves?
Kids with superpowers, antagonists with metallic eyes
In Looper, why do they do this to Seth?
Why was the tender still attached?
How does Peter stay in the primary universe, even though the Observers cease to exist?
Is that noise real?
Title of a world hopping book, with worlds ranging magic to science
Is using the Force like using a muscle?
"Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul" - Can someone explain the plot?
Footnote in Wyrd sisters - significant?
Is there an in-universe explanation for how mobile communicators stop listening in TNG?
Help identifying fantasy trilogy with magic music
Who was in charge of Deep Space Nine during the "The Search"
What is in the locked room in the Department of Mysteries?
What spell almost killed Hermione in The Order of the Phoenix?
Was Wormtongue's betrayal due to his his desire for Éowyn or due to the Voice of Saruman?
MIB3 Agent K time travels..to when?
What is Iron Man's flight range and max air speed?
How could Walter send Peter the letter in the last episode?
Does one's alter ego have to be darker?
Is there really an infinite loop in Looper?
Is Eli blind, or can he just read braille?
Why is Avada Kedavra considered unblockable?
How Fast do Spells Travel in the Harry Potter Universe?
"Lord of Light" by Zelazny - looking for the book timeline
Was the coverup of the fall of Harvey Dent from the comics?
A novel where a woman from "future" of 1999 speaks leet-speak
Is the Jedi Knol Ven'nari able to use fire based attacks?
Identify this 80's styletelevision show with witches and a kid who transforms into a vehicle
1970s Young Adult fantasy where a girl is transported back in time to England
Looking for favorite author of series YA fantasy in 70s
Looking for YA fantasy about reincarnation
Why did Deckard get a citation from his police department?
What exactly did the 7 keys do at the end of the Magician King?
Were there any plans for Dollhouse Season 3?
Are there any awards for children's science fiction literature?
What was the significance of not looking back in Pet Sematary?
A character is claimed to have died over the course of the series. When did that happen?
Who were the villagers that Mat sent to keep the river from being dammed?
Why did the Rosen corporation want to discredit the Voight-Kampff test?
Can someone explain the end of Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
Is "the dairy" referring to a specific location?
Do the Tinkers ever find their song?
What happened to Shaidar Haran, the super Myrddraal (minor spoiler)?
Any EU Mention of the content of the Constitution of the United Federation of Planets?
How does Apophis reopen the Stargate in the opening scene of the pilot?
Can Iron Man recharge his suit from lightning?
What was the purpose of the Attic?
Merlin's Wisdom and proverbs
Why did Voldemort take time to come to the Malfoy Manor?
When does Jack of Fables spin off from Fables?
Should I read Neil Gaiman's mini-series first?
What does the code 1123, 6536, 5321 have to do with music?
Whose blood is being written with on the walls in Chamber of Secrets?
How did the demon find Ash after he returned to his own timeline?
Why did the Observers invade?
Trying to recall the name of a book I read in the 80's
Zombie movies: "body protection" VS "sexy clothes"
Why dont the observers catch the fugitives?
How did Eowyn kill the Witch King?
Why isn't Harry Potter punished for using magic outside of Hogwarts in Prisoner of Azkaban?
Why don't Uno and the other Shienarans go back to Shienar
Short Story About Population Control Gone Horribly Wrong
Why does Rudy's shadow walk away from him in Misfits opening?
Who is the Aiel Woman at the end of A Memory of Light?
Who standardized Stardate throughout the galaxy?
Fables - Where do the Cinderella stories fit in?
What is a Hellblazer?
Why wasn't the truck that hit Captain Windmark teleported with him?
Was Lan ever really dead?
What was the nature of Solara?
No-Face's ability
Why does the "Purge All" button exist?
Why are the Roknari Quadrene and the Chalions Quintarian?
Can the White Court vampires turn humans into new vampires?
Why did Gandalf chase the Balrog down?
Underworld 3: Sonja carrying Lucian's baby
How is the use of Voldemort's name justified in Grimmauld's place?
A short story perhaps not by Lem
What is the point of a horcrux?
Doctor who: The Poison Sky Igniting the Atmosphere
How and where are those giant starbases built in Star Trek? How long does it take to build one?
Short story,from early 70s where the hero is a bandit
How does the Movie, "The Seeker - The Dark is Rising" compare to the books by Susan Cooper?
Do the Klingons or Romulans have starbases as the Federation/Cardassians do?
What made the Ministry admit Sirius was innocent?
How did Corwin recover his sword?
How 'canon' is the Star Trek Online MMO?
1970s show with an oil painting of a man in a row boat, painting changes and the man is closer
How much of Harry Potter was preplanned and how much was improvised?
Why didn't Zoidberg know that Leela wasn't an alien?
Why did skilled wizards use He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?
How does or doesn't the physics of Mistborn mesh with Newtonian physics?
Why wasn't Harry made to use invisibility cloak instead of sending him in the battle of seven potters?
Why didn't The Order & Harry apparate to the safe place instead of falling in The Battle of Seven Potters?
What's the speed of Apparation?
A sword/dagger fighter escapes his home planet, meets a girl, and has many adventures
What advantages/disadvantages does a Darksaber have over a lightsaber?
Looper: Origin of "Rainmaker" name
Why didn't Dumbledore suspect that Lucius Malfoy was a Death Eater?
Who was Enterprise 1701-D Chief Engineer before La Forge took over in season 2?
Dresden Files, TV show vs Books
How did Dumbledore know that Voldemort will return?
What is the plot of the Star Wars Post-episode 6?
At what point was Betazed re-taken in the DS9 Dominion war?
Were the NX-01 or any other major elements of Enterprise referenced in an earlier series?
Why doesn't Quark wear a headdress?
How did Archer time-travel into his own body?
Has Starfleet ever made First Contact with a pre-established space-faring species oblivious to alien intelligence?
Explanation for lack of retribution towards the Malfoys after Goblet of Fire?
Have there been successful non-Asari inter-species relationships?
Loki's punishment
Why was Deanna Troi missing from some of the first season TNG episodes?
Do we ever see Ishamael channel Saidin?
Why doesn't Hellboy's Rasputin get his eyes back?
Why did the Fringe Team's Attack via the Shipping Lane Fail?
Doctor/Martha weeping angels vs Amy/Rory weeping angels
Difference between UK and US versions of Lord of the Rings
Asimov's Foundation Comic/Manga
Why was Terok Nor renamed Deep Space Nine?
When and why did the Asari begin referring to themselves as female?
Is the Stargate now at Homeworld Command?
Are the Weeping Angels immune to seeing themselves?
Could Voldemort have died a natural death with his horcruxes intact?
In TNG's "Tapestry" episode, were the events where Q was involved a reality or hallucinations because of the near death experience of Picard?
Sixties short story with a typewriter and an alien uses a young boy's body to find an escaped criminal?
According to the comics, how long is Hellboy's natural life span?
Who originally filled the basin in the Horcrux cave, before Voldemort put the Horcrux in it?
Looking for the title of a movie I saw years ago. There was personal ports on hand
If one is killed with Basilisk venom, does it also destroy their soul?
Did Solara ever learn Eli's secret?
Meaning of Levels of Diagnostic tests in Star Trek
Man who finds electricity in a dystopian society only to be driven into wilderness
Does Spider-Man have a brother?
80's story about siblings going to another realm, one falls ill in the real world and must be saved through the other one.
Help in identifying a novel about a black US president
Older sci-fi novel: Girl meets stranded time traveller/wizard
How long can Star Trek ships go between replenishment?
help remembering book title - multiverses/bladerunner-ish future. "sphere of influence. 2150"?
Story where refugees get attacked by space pirates?
How does the Enterprise maneuver in space?
What is Fox doing when he is on the phone with Scully?
Did Voldemort ever practice being nice on his followers?
In the first Matrix film, why did they free Cypher in the first place?
Stargate Atlantis Boxsets
Why did the Quarians attack the Geth after creating them?
Sexual attraction of the Turians and Krogan towards the Asari
Do we know how much of the ending of "A Memory of Light" did Robert Jordan write himself?
Is there any use of Claytronics in Star Wars lore?
What is the SCIFI book about some species of moon beings and their interactions and it could be allegorical to modern race and ethnic relations?
Why did Draco Malfoy support Viktor Krum in the Triwizard Tournament?
How long was the "end period" in Book of Eli?
How fast can Mr. Fantastic stretch?
Why did the TX from T3: Rise of the Machines change form?
A boy hit by lightning is sent to another universe
How, if at all, does Midi-chlorian count relate to blood volume?
Why didn't Gandalf say anything when he saw Bilbo's ring?
How old is Kitty Pryde in Earth 616?
Trying to find out the title of a SF TV series
Does Palpatine have 3-4 lightsabers available to him?
Short story where a main computer can tell if someone is even thinking of committing a crime
Why can't Morpheus, Trinity, etc. behave like the agents as Neo does?
Since computers normally start counting from zero, was there a city before Machine City 01?
How is the Abomination controlled without Hulk?
What happens when you touch the Tesseract / Cosmic Cube?
In "Sound Of My Voice", what was the meaning of the first scene with Carol?
Is Bran cursed?
What happens to a TNG-era Romulan Warbird power core when it is destroyed in combat or decommissioned?
Short story about an alien bomb
Can Mjolnir be lifted & wielded by anyone if Thor is touching it?
Is Gandalf an elf?
Which last name should the children of Robert and Cersei pass to their children
Who knows the truth about Jon Snow's parentage (father & mother)
Why can Arwen decide her mortality?
Artificial life forms surpass humans
What happens to an elf in Lord of the Rings who dies twice?
Why does River Song say how young the tenth doctor is?
How can I find what the line is?
Avengers Movie - Loki and Thor Immortality Test
What bits were cut out of Jules Verne's "The Mysterious Island" for the Kingston translation?
How does an outsider's dead body continue to exist in The Matrix?
Why couldn't red pills be used instead of running towards a ringing telephone?
Searching for a book of short stories: blind man hears a monster 'shuffle, shuffle, click, click' who is tracking a man that opened Egyptian tomb
What kind of battery does WALL•E run on?
Why does Hoshi wear a Blue (science division) uniform when she is the comms officer?
What do Aurors do?
Was there any backstory or purpose for the Cryogenics Pods on the Normandy?
How exactly was the Lord Ruler able to keep himself alive indefinitely?
Alternative universe in Star Trek Next Generation
How does Spiderman's body work internally?
Humoristic book about Jesus' brother and an AI
Are there any other weapons designed using lightsaber technology?
Would it be possible to create a ship to ship weapon based on lightsaber technology
Story where people were convinced a disaster would shortly befall the Earth
What is Mr. Data's full name?
Are there non-weapon items in the Star Wars universe based on lightsaber technology?
Where does a Chestburster gestate?
Is Fury still a Colonel?
A spaceship repair story in which alien-communication tapes are destroyed
What are the origins of the Xenomorph?
Could a nonhuman-Xenomorph offspring be queen?
Incongruous cover art for Phule's Paradise by Robert Asprin
Why did Reagan look like a zombie?
Why would Superman "report to authorities"?
Why did the nuclear explosion cause Superman to shrivel up and absorb the life of other living things?
Were there foreign Death Eaters?
How is Molly connected to the Fae prior to the events of Cold Days?
Spider-Man and the death of Gwen Stacy
How exactly does the world-hell transition work in Constantine?
Couldn't Tony Stark cure his palladium poisoning by taking the ARC reactor out of his chest?
Searching for short story in 70s anthology that was post apocalyptic. Character's name is Saura
Short story collection from 70s: one story, spacewrecked on jungle planet; another, device for projecting one's mind into another body
Short story where man awakens in a grave, escapes and then realizes he has become a ghost
Is it possible to rescue someone after he/she has been swallowed by Sarlacc?
Why is Terminator able to destroy himself in Rise of the Machines but not in Judgment Day?
Is the lightsaber Dooku uses the same as the one Darth Bane had?
When did the first back-in-time Time-Traveling Robot appear in literature?
Is Cyclops’ mutant power just an organic version of Iron Man's repulsor tech?
Book about new particle discovery which provides wish fulfilment
Why did the astronauts use completely glassed helmets?
Why did December owe September?-Spoilers
Why was Miles O'Brien never promoted?
Which season/episode is the "Picard Engage Photo" from?
Is Lorna Bucket the Doctor's daughter?
In TV show "Continuum", why would water be at a premium when energy is free?
What's the reason for the purple hair on the British 1969-70 television series "UFO"?
How could Neo have part of the Matrix source code within him?
How can Neo and others break the Matrix's rules?
What happened to the Sjandra Kei Commercial Security Fleet?
Why are observers only from our universe and not from other universes?
Why wasn't The Matrix built with perfect physics?
Looking for author - IASFM late 1980s - first contact short story
How big is the Matrix?
Why Is There No Woman In Observers Future?
A book my brother-in-law read when he was growing-up in the 70's/80's, possibly post-apocalyptic.
Were there non-AI physicists and scientists in the Matrix?
What are the death-handles for?
Why don't people in The Matrix notice the internal discrepancies?
Why does Season 5 have only 20 episodes?
When did the idea that information is a substance first appear in science fiction?
Why did Tyrion Lannister get his name?
Who are all the characters to have touched The One Ring?
Why Were Observers So Cruel?
Why didn't Quinn send Rembrant and Wade to their version of Earth in Exodus?
In Neutopia why didn't the Borax Kid teleport in Scruffy?
(80's-90's) Spaceship heading for earth with pods containg a small robot that can build a cyborg/robot from the surrounding enviroment
A TV show about Space Station
How can the Xenomorph see?
Is the color of a lightsaber significant? What causes it?
What happened to Lucy after the end of Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood?
Did the One Ring choose Sméagol over Déagol?
What is the science behind Lightsabers in the Star Wars franchise?
Why were Death-Eaters called Death-Eaters?
How could a facehugger attach to a Predator?
In which Batman comic does Robin touch a mirror to discover himself?
The Gods Themselves: role of the second part?
What exactly happened to Celebrian when she was kidnapped by the orcs?
Space-inspired disco clothes, remote-control crystals and an invisible door?
Who funds the Teen Titans?
Why didn't Rose save herself from the parallel universe while she was endowed with the time vortex?
Is Source Code full of paradoxes?
A film with main female character called Kara (or Cara)
Kids stranded on an island with psychos
Looking for an older dark fantasy book series
In ‘Beer Bad’ how did the victims recover, and why didn’t anyone stop the bar owner permanently?
Did Patrick Stewart nearly leave Star Trek at the end of Season 3?
Fantasy book about two brothers in the afterlife
Why hasn't Starkiller been referenced in another source?
Could a magnetic field disable a lightsaber?
Primitive savannah man taken into a tower city and made sophisticated
Why did the Engineer sleep for 2000 years?
Significance of Captain Kirk's name?
Range of invisibility of the One Ring
Why can the wormhole aliens communicate with and learn from humans at all?
Where does Trip get his six shooter in the Episode "North Star"
Does an illustration of Tochee from the Commonwealth Saga exist?
How is there ice in King's Landing during the summer?
Where did Hellboy get the hand gun Hellboy calls the "Samaritan"?
How far into our galaxy did the Doomsday Machine get?
Identify a short horror story about a mysterious girl
Why is Janeway an Admiral and Picard is not?
Is this a legit Star Trek quote? If so, which movie/TV episode/book is it from?
What were all the occasions where the Star Trek Captains have met each other?
Why didn't Obi-Wan remember R2-D2 and C-3PO in A New Hope?
Any continuity between Tim Russ's appearances in ST:Generations and Voyager?
Why would Ford ditch his jumper?
Who played the Airperson who was verbally shoved aside by McKay in "The Intruder"?
Did Owen and Beru Lars ever meet R2D2 during the events of prequels?
Why doesn't Owen Lars recognize C-3PO during ANH?
Where was C-3PO between the time of Anakin departing Tatooine and Shmi's death?
What does a Time Lord do?
Did the Andorians evolve on their homeworld?
Do droids have consciousness?
Does Banner have a medical degree?
Was Mount Doom exclusively the only place the One Ring could be destroyed?
Who was in command of the Enterprise during the mission in "Time's Arrow"?
What made LV 426 special amongst all the other candidates along the Nostromos path that made it seem worth terraforming?
Which actor has portrayed the most distinct roles in the Star Trek universe?
Novel where flying through rainbow results in time travel
Did Gandalf know that the One Ring still existed during the events of the Hobbit?
What is the relationship between the Time Vortex and the Heart of the TARDIS?
What's the point of running from Agents when you can push anything to The Matrix?
Is there any evidence that being assimilated by the Borg affected Starfleet's wishes to promote Picard to Admiral?
Why doesn't Darth Vader recognize C-3PO?
Why did Engineers use a flute to start their spaceship?
Who was the first established mainstream hero type comic book character that either DC or Marvel killed off and left that way?
In the Silmarillion, what was Morgoth's "dark design" against Luthien?
When does Foundation take place?
A late 1980s pulp novel based on the jewish myth of the Golem
Truly interstellar stories without FTL
Earth visited by an enormous creature
What are the motivations of the Erads?
Identify a Movie In Which a Boy With a Teddy Bear Was a Destruction Machine
Absurd movie from the 70s or early 80s about traveling in space
80s or earlier time travel novel: protagonist can time travel in spurts, decides to see the Crucifixion and is picked up by other time travellers
Who are these Bat-family members?
Book about a man on a space station who sees himself
What was the Death Eaters reaction to Sirius Black's (assumed) betrayal?
Why would the Larses need a translator droid that spoke Bocce?
Alien Rock found and contains a mind controlling alien being
Can a transport in progress be blocked or stopped by the bridge?
Short story with a mirrored room and its owner can never turn around
Short story about a time traveller who met intelligent, gun toting 'dinosaurs' millions of years ago?
Drawing of Yggdrasil
Science Fiction short story where men have to kill each other to settle some sort of conflict
80's Animated movie: An old man joins mission to save a boy stranded on a hostile world
Why didn't Leto II use prescience?
Lorentz contraction in sci-fi?
Trying to identify 1970s kids show with solid blue eyed humanoid called Sky (?)
Looking for late 70s short story anthology, we'd call it YA now. May have included Leiber's "A Pail of Air"
Why 'Q' for the 'Q Continuum'?
Looking for title YA Time travel 1970s England to Victorian
Is there a canon explanation for why Star Trek ships bank when turning?
Story-Identification - A berserker defence fighter
Why are Asgardian ships so huge?
Why is Maggie so angry at Glenn in Walking Dead S03E10?
Why does 7 not exist in Jawa arithmetic?
Do Programs/Users need to eat or drink?
Is Quorra's name a reference to anything?
Was Half Life 1 inspired by HP Lovecraft's "Fungi from Yuggoth"?
What are the gauntlets joined by a cable used in Ushaan called?
Story Identification - sci fi novel with nanotech
Who wrote "Don't Open, Dead Inside" on the doors inside the hospital?
What was John trying to do by chanting "Into the light I command thee"?
Which one did Dalek Caan mean when he said "one will still die"?
Aside from the "Vulcan Salute", have Nimoy & Shatner's Jewish heritage had any significant influence on Star Trek?
Was this a case of executive meddling?
What is the original context of this Spock video clip?
What are the symbols in the Enterprise's chapel?
In what order should I read the MaddAddam Trilogy (Oryx & Crake / The Year of the Flood / MaddAddam)?
What is the outer hull of Enterprise (NCC-1701) constructed from?
Were Tythons in the Dawn of the Jedi limited to interplanetary travel?
Why didn't the mafia just close the loop on the first kill?
How did the Hive Queen arrive in Ender's hands?
Does Picard ever deny anyone permission to speak freely?
How did Smaug know about the habits of Laketown?
Jean Johnson's "An Officer's Duty" - pores invert in decompression?
How many alien women has Capt/Admiral Kirk slept with?
What is a good one-sentence explanation for the difference between Steampunk and Cyberpunk?
How many females has Captain Kirk slept with?
Is the term Steampunk limited to steampunky look and feel or does it include anything that features steampunk-like technology?
Which Defiant was shown in ST: First Contact?
Novel about a military robot that goes rogue
Why were the twins named Luke and Leia?
Is there a generally accepted critical and/or feminist response to Heinlein's work?
How fast does the TARDIS accelerate time between itself and Earth?
How did Vader summon a bunch of bounty hunters quickly, in the middle of nowhere, to hunt for the Millennium Falcon?
How did the Borg witness the first Vulcan & Human (pre-warp) contact?
Who is the man placing the dead deer?
Does Gollum know that others call him Gollum?
In the Aliens franchise how could the hive possibly survive?
Who were the belligerent factions of World War III?
Movie where man implants device on his head and gathers children
90s movie about people confined to the dark side of a 'half earth'?
Is Star Trek set in our future, or is it an alternate universe?
What is the history between Nina Sharp and Phillip Broyles?
Why was the DeLorean in Back To The Future not always covered in ice after time travel, and why didn't it fly in 1885?
Why leave in a ship?
Identify older than 1995 (probably) sci-fi movie with an alien referred to as Xenomorph
Identify movie with monster (alien?) that has some kind of proboscis/trunk
What would happen if a Barrow-Wight had taken the One Ring and why didn't they?
Short story about a boy and girl enclosed in an experiment and given injections to age rapidly
Two warring planets settling their differences on Earth secretly
Why did Lily's enchantments work for Voldemort?
Is the Aliens' blood a mundane but currently known acid, or something more exotic?
What do we know about the Skinnies?
What is Deanna Troi's position in Betazed society?
An invulnerable cyborg and his preteen girlfriend
What separates the Winchesters from witches?
Which character in the books was used as the basis for Talisa's character?
What is the actual shape of the Vavatch Orbital? A true ring?
How long were O'Neill and Teal'c stuck in the time loop in "Window of Opportunity"?
What would happen if a looper lived the full 30 years until he was sent back?
What happens to orcs in sunlight?
Identify a book and sequel about Mattias Hand, inventor and Prince who is exiled
Why do the machines allow/initiate the building of a new Zion?
Why do they need "16 female, 7 male" to re-establish Zion?
How does Zion population square with how it's built?
Did Heinlein intentionally hide Rico's ethnicity until the very end? Why?
What became of the backup Doctor from Living Witness?
How could a Terminator ride a vehicle that was made to support the weight of a human?
What was at the beginning of Time?
Movie: Creature crawls out of its current hosts mouth into next hosts mouth
Does Banner's strength affect the Hulk's?
How is Nekron related to Death of the Endless?
Book cover-art: Desert with mesas and a city-ship on top
What is the origin story of The Phantasm and where did it get its powers from?
If Commander Mormont knew about Craster, why didn't he tell everyone that the White Walkers weren't gone?
How did John Carter send the letters to his nephew?
Did the souls in the keywork interact with each other before Sirius arrived?
Film about a spacecraft AI trying to breed a new mechanic
Main character can "manipulate" his own time
Why was Starfleet unable to destroy Nero's drill?
Can you identifiy this short about teenagers on a raft getting swallowed up by an oil slick?
Why is the culture in Fallout stuck in the 1950s?
Why do Predators flay people? And what do they do with the skin?
How do "pet" Walkers help ward off other Walkers?
Why didn't they follow the water in Planet of the Apes (1968)?
First "big" Science Fiction novel about colonization?
How does Ariadne 'riding' the kick differ to Cobb dying in the crumbling building?
What do the Seanchan do in villages that they conquer/occupy?
Where is this missing part to the "Tron: Legacy" soundtrack?
Are Rhaegar Targaryen and Lyanna Stark the parents of Jon Snow?
Did Aerys II Targaryen father Tyrion?
How was the Predator able to see the queen?
Why wasn't Crouch Jr/Mad-Eye Moody sentenced to Azkaban for casting the Imperius Curse on students?
Was Verhoeven's Starship Troopers intended to be a satire on war or a parody of the book? Was it authorised to be such?
Where else do we see James T. Kirk, computer hacker extraordinnaire?
Why didn't Star Trek: The Next Generation change their uniforms when Deep Space 9 came out?
Isaac Asimov references Clarke's Third Law?
What would have happened if a younger student had gotten his name in the Goblet of Fire?
Why did Voyager use up their transwarp coil all at once?
How did the duplicate Voyager make it as far as the real Voyager?
Where do the magic powers of the Wall and Storm's End come from?
What is the difference between a warg and a skinchanger?
What is Blüdhaven's status post New 52?
Is there an Upper- and a Lower-earth along with Middle-earth?
So, why did Ultimecia want to compress time?
Why did Gandalf drop down after the Balrog?
I need the name of a Sci-Fi/Fantasy Book Series
What happened after the Ring was dropped into Mount Doom?
What are the 'afflictions' the lawyer speaks of in the first few scenes?
Why was Scrooge chosen for redemption?
Does the book "A Fire Upon the Deep" ever give an exact date?
Why does Wesley Crusher have a different communicator than the rest of the crew?
Is there a Continuum in-universe source given for where Alec Sadler gets money for all his equipment?
What is the Zion Foundation?
Is humanity also a mutation?
The difference in the Marvel Now! banners
What purpose does Alfred Serve?
Why weren't the Hands-of-Blue affected by their own weapon?
Who was Bruce Wayne's primary martial arts trainer?
Could a house elf be made into a Secret Keeper?
Book about a sea demon disguised as a man who killed by kissing
How many people who weren't superheroes did Batman reveal his identity to?
Is there anything magical/logical/scientific about the number 125 in "The One"?
Does anyone know a book about Rune Casters/Masters?
Title of a book about a mysterious light in the sky from the late 90s?
Book where half the protagonist's body was replaced with cybernetics
How many crewmen/women die in the original series of Star Trek?
Why does Batman have to take the fall?
What is the meaning of the Latin inscription on Anarch Peak's tomb?
Who were Jedi Temple Guards?
Does Joffrey know who his father really is?
Why is Pandora's atmosphere so toxic to humans, yet still so conducive to life?
Has anyone attempted making a ring that combined Will and Fear?
Was Palpatine involved in setting up Ahsoka?
Kid gets sucked into a video game or TV show
How canonical is information appearing on main starwars.com pages?
Is archery underestimated in the wars of a Song of Ice and Fire
Could Vader really have crushed the Rebels on Hoth?
Why have they cut scenes showing T-1000 malfunctions?
Why couldn't Vader tell Leia was his daughter through the Force?
Why was there such severe churn in the cast of Earth: Final Conflict?
Why are portkeys always made of rubbish?
Was it some kind of charm spell that affected Elayne and Nynaeve while meeting Moghedien?
When was Cyberdyne Systems created in the original timeline and by whom?
What is the origin of the name "Obi-Wan Kenobi"?
90's talking computer children's tv science fiction series
What year was the Time Lock established?
Why do diesel cars not work in Revolution?
Was Yoda wrong about the limits of telekinesis?
Why did Lucifer interfere with Mammon crossing over?
When did K'Kruhk join the New Jedi Order?
Exotic Spice & Tea Shop Location
Origin of quote in Abercrombie's The Blade Itself
Height of the Orcs of Gundabad
Short story: post nuclear holocaust, the human race has mutated into an ape-like being and old style humans are viewed as an abomination
Show that had a group of D&D style adventurers?
What is "Kwatz!"?
A series of books involving reptilian-alien protagonists
Sci-Fi Drama TV Series about telepathy between an alien and a boy
In Pushing Ice how does the Lindblad artefact get there?
Story about getting trapped in virtual reality labyrinth
Who are all the other ‘Iron Men’ in the Iron Man 3 trailer?
How do command authorization codes work in Star Trek?
Who are the "villains from Star Trek" that Sofie Fatale is dressed like?
Why did the Iron Man suit and ARC Reactor stop working in Avengers?
Short story sub versus a spaceship
80s teen novel about an alien virus on a space ship?
Why didn't Count Dooku expose Palpatine?
Short film with crashed spaceship and non-English narrator
What would happen if you disrupted the field of a Lightsaber
Does anyone know of an anime movie about a robot that had a baby
Looking for a story about a girl and her experience with technological advances throughout her life who becomes immortal
Did Lucas have the story told in the prequel trilogy in mind when making the original Star Wars?
Was Gollum completely naked in the books?
How did Skynet avoid destroying itself on Judgment Day?
What was the name and universe of the soldier-unit stuck in Limbo?
Does Avada Kedavra have any effect on inanimate objects?
TV show about a man investigating murders, starts seeing a woman that only he can see
What is the end of A Dance With Dragons meant to convey about the fate of this character?
Strange creatures that bite you and never let go
How did these characters do this at the end of the series?
Why is Angel the only vampire to be forcibly re-ensouled?
What Star Wars fan video has two Jedi fighting in a forest with a Celtic soundtrack?
What is Thorin's hair colour?
Logical fallacy in "Pyramids" by Terry Pratchett
Why was Luke chosen as the last hope instead of Leia?
Who was the original owner of Orcrist?
Second prophecy of Mandos
When did Sylar gain a flying ability?
What is the relationship between the various calendars of Middle-earth?
Is there any documented connection between "/Hey Diddle Diddle" rhyme and LOTR poem?
Did Tolkien acknowledge that Silmarillion is harder to read than LOTR?
How long does it take for Bender to rust?
In Futurama, are there jungles on Earth?
Story Identification: Novel in which the dead are terraformed to create a satellite near stranded spaceship
Is the identity of the ship destroyed by Capt. Nemo towards the end of 20k Leagues Under the Sea ever revealed?
How did Amon deflect bending?
Boy from future comes to the past to take very intelligent young people to the future
Man and woman travelling through parallel universe?
Why didn't Disney use one of the Wicked Witch of the West's many pre-existing names?
Who/what is Jaqen?
Is there a relation between Torchwood's glove and Rassilon's glove from Doctor Who?
What do Klingon ears look like?
Why did the all member of the middle earth council agree with Frodo as ring-bearer?
Is a Dial Home Device Connected To A Stargate In A Wired or Wireless Fashion?
Does the number 31 hold special meaning in Robert Heinlein's Starship Troopers?
Why doesn't GLOPP mutate humans?
Could Room of Requirement provide one with any book from Hogwarts Library?
Space Travel and Psychic Powers
Was Mobile Infantry in Starship Troopers modeled on the Marines or the Army?
How does one get qualified to fly an X-Wing?
How were Wichita and Little Rock named?
Why were the Kwons candidates if Jacob said he chose the others because they were "all alone in the world"?
The Walking Dead cricket noise?
How do we know Aragorn's birthday?
Where do new Cybertronians come from in Transformers: Prime?
Where do the items in the Room of Requirement come from?
For how long does the Earth 'stand still' in the original "The Day The Earth Stood Still"?
Can Hugo in the alternate (no island) timeline see dead people?
What does "Turambar" mean?
How far is a Wheel?
TV Show from 90s
Where to start in Marvel Unlimited
Does a general vampire canon actually exist?
Trying to find a book about a military prison spaceship written in the 80's
How Would a Newly Built Stargate With a DHD Be Able to Bootstrap Into The "Stargate Network"?
Why is Jaqen H'ghar captured in the first place with the other two prisoners if he has such skill?
Why does Death work for Dracula in Castlevania?
Story about a multiverse theory of immortality
How was the overall storyline of Lost constructed?
How could Rhodey fit into the Mark II armor?
Charms&Enchantments conundrum
Why did the snake wink at Harry at the zoo?
What are droids in Star Wars powered by?
Changes in the Constellations shape over time Vs Stargate Glyphs
Oz and Wicked continuity?
How are potions made?
Is there a specific reason why Justice League ended on Batman?
Why would Shrinking Solution turn a frog into a tadpole and not a small size frog?
Was Gandalf ignorant of the effects of Frodo having the ring for 17 years?
What was Boromir or his father thinking about the One Ring?
Why was the Cosmic Cube named the Tesseract in the Marvel movie series?
How was the Shrike able to communicate with Martin Silenius?
What's the point to the houses?
Do Enterprise-era humans hunt for food or not?
What does Gimli's axe look like?
How are The Island and Hydra Island linked?
SF book cover with a gorilla-like being in a space suit coming through an archway
Novel where intelligent species of the galaxy get wiped out periodically
Was prejudice against droids common in the “Star Wars” universe? Or was it just the bartender at the Cantina?
SF book where a boy loses an arm, moves from New York to Ireland
What is the synopsis of Homer Eon Flint's "The Emancipatrix"?
The geography of Arrakis
How long would it take the Defiant to travel from DS9 to Earth (or vice versa)?
Did Gandalf wear his Ring of Power throughout the trilogy?
Can you identify this book or series in which all humans are in hell?
What else did Pa Kent salvage from Jor-El's son's rocket?
I am looking for the author of a trilogy
Looking for scifi novel published around mid-80s about a scientist who gets telepathic abilities from a drug he creates?
What do the "half-blue" portraits represent in the Game of Thrones Season 3 ads?
Why did Asimov feature fear of contact so often in his work?
What is the significance of the reversed colours of imperial and rebellion lasers compared to lightsabers?
How long does it take to activate and deactivate a lightsaber?
Does the beeping language of R2-D2 follow any rules?
Why is Eddard Stark's coffin so small?
Trying to find a book about rediscovered space travel after interstellar war isolates planets
Who was flying the Y-Wing when the Death Star exploded?
What is the original publisher of Terry Goodkind's book Debt of Bones?
Is the Encyclopaedia Galactica in the Hitchhiker's Guide a reference to Asimov's Foundation Trilogy Encyclopædia Galactica or a tribute to Carl Sagan?
Space film about pilots and navigators
How can the Therns change their physical bodies?
Identification of a short story with a sentient weapon
Did Neo die in the end of the Matrix trilogy?
What about Pandora's atmosphere is toxic to humans?
Where did the bombers go in Independence Day?
'80s book about kids stranded on a planet
Why not drink from the source spring of the Silverlode?
Why did Superman & the world destroy high volume of costly natural resources?
What is the name of the science fiction short story in which a man clones himself and raises his clone in an imitation of his own life?
TV comedy about spaceship, done in the style of "Metropia"
Actor in one episode of Star Trek: The Original Series
Why did this character want to establish Psychohistory?
Clarification on the Ending of Soul of the Fire
Solving a mystery in Asimov's mystery story
Where do the events of The Walking Dead take place?
Identify YouTube trailer for Sci-Fi Show
Short story identification: A boy visits a futuristic zoo and gets injured by a gorilla
Identify Movie: Angry gorillas and automated gun turrets
Short story where a man owns creatures that build statues of him
Identify Story: A boy uses a knife to transport himself to another world
What does Q*Bert say when he dies?
Story about a deadly alien creature on another planet that has some chemical in its body that makes it faster
What is the background for the phrase "literary trend for shit books about talking dragons" in connection with Wales?
Story Identification: 5 people with special abilities, one who is immortal, and a plan to revive all the Jews killed during the holocaust
Adventure book, possibly published around 25 years ago
Short story about a psychic awakening his true potential
A book where 2-dimensional species evolved on rapidly changing environment
Did Neanderthals exist in Star Wars canon?
Short story or small novel about space pirates on a planet luring and robbing ships
Was Rakata's "Force-enhanced" hyperdrive technology ever replicated (or something similar used)?
What exactly is the Witch-king of Angmar?
Are there any talking dragons in the Harry Potter universe?
Who was the longest lived Highlander Immortal?
How is a holocron activated?
Why isn't Sabu returning back to Jupiter?
Why does the government allow Sabu to roam freely?
Near future book with black holes, enviromental problems, and privacy issues
Did Dumbledore have a plan when he made Snape the DADA teacher?
Why did Davy Jones' little white crabs help Jack escape from Davy Jones Locker?
In the original war, why was there a colonial fleet?
What is the nature of the Terran Dominion?
Can anyone identify this old science fiction novel about a young inventor developing an FTL drive?
1980's or early 90's children's book about a girl who was a clone of a scientist
Identify Story: Dystopian Children's Novel About Subterranean Class System
Why aren't there any main Federation battleships in the Star Trek universe?
Does the crew conduct any actual exploration of Atlantis?
Novel where everyone must provide entertainment TV time
Is this girl really Slaanesh?
Do all heroes eventually progress their abilities to have an alternative effect?
How do goods and services trade hands in the Star Trek universe with no monetary system to regulate value?
How did Sylar survive being mortally wounded without getting Claire's regenerative power?
Can Cyclops fly?
How did Mad-Eye Moody survive in the enchanted trunk in Goblet of Fire?
Are the rock-like spider creatures extraterrestrial life, or something else?
Was the episode "This Side of Paradise" (Star Trek TOS) a critique of the hippy movement?
Does Flash age slower because of his ability to run at relativistic speed?
Which Twilight Zone/Outer Limits episode featured a Manchurian Candidate-like terrorist cell?
90's anime, set in a forest where people transform
Early 90's children's book about a girl who travelled back in time
Young Adult novel, late 80s: gothic horror, deserted mansion, candle flame turns blue
Why does Draco's wand connect with Voldemort's in the movie?
Short story, where FTL travel is very simple but humans never discovered it
Old kids book about boy who builds a spaceship to travel to mars
The title of a Mars-based movie
Children's book with "square triangles" in parallel universe?
When did Harry's Power Levels begin being acknowledged?
How can a Goa'uld be extracted from its host and who can do it?
What are the Wesen terms for "normal" people?
What are the two types of Woge?
1980's children's novel about present-day post-nuclear USA?
Short story about perpetual historical tourism
Why was Igor Karkaroff eligible to be the headmaster of the Durmstrang wizarding school?
Why did 343 Guilty Spark help Miranda to stop Halo Delta?
Why is Loki introducing himself as Loki of Asgard?
Movie from the 70s or 80s that had a Cyborg
In The Amazing Spider-Man, is there an in-universe explanation why nobody would try to trace Spider-Man via his purchase of Oscorp Biocable?
Why is Daenerys called Stormborn?
What is the clear liquid expelled when a lycanthrope shifts?
What is the Mother of All Darkness?
When did Voldemort become aware of the Elder Wand?
Why didn't everyone in Oz know who the evil witch was?
Short story about apples and oranges, character's grandfather teaches him algebra rather than computer algorithms and estimation
Identify film which mashed film noir with voodo and supernatural
What information is there about the Doctors family
Did the gatekeeper and the keymaster get intimate in Ghostbusters?
How does Minotaur fit into the world of "Battle Circle" by Piers Anthony?
By what factor does Xindi's subspace vortex tech shorten the distance?
What does this passage in A Feast for Crows mean?
Book where a boy replies to a job ad for a wizard's apprentice and passes through a portal at the interview
Why isn't Mr. Fantastic known as Dr. Fantastic?
Why do some Time Lords choose to have a title, and why does everyone else go along with the title they choose?
Why is the baby formula not yet spoiled after a year in The Walking Dead?
Why do some soldiers wear yellow uniforms?
Was LCARS derived from an open-source codebase?
Can someone help me find an early 1980 SciFi Cat space adventure story I read in the mid '80's?
What is this song playing in The Walking Dead?
YA book about a young girl who is kidnapped by fairy people
Looking for young adult book, possible from the last 10-15 years
How do the wand makers get the cores into the wands?
Story identification: 60s tv episode where a man tries to drive out of a town but always end up in it?
Why does Worf always lose fights and get beaten by most of his opponents?
Can anyone identify this 90s teen-fantasy series, gems in backbone, big magic, evil king?
Manhattan, time traveling mist wall, a flying white horse and a bridge of light to heaven
Why can't Star Trek Replicator Technology and Transporter technology be combined to replace vital systems parts to the ship, say a new warp core?
1970s (or older) book about a werewolf on an alien planet, who probably became one through alien technology
looking for a short story about a college/high school kid who lives billion of years and witnesses the end of the universe
I'm looking for a short story about super intelligent/ Telepathic children
Where'd those guys on the Millennium Falcon go?
Was the treaded submarine from *Le Manitoba ne répond plus* fictional in Hergés' time?
Was Pon Farr confirmed to be initially a male-only idea?
Who exactly was Hagrid expecting in the Chamber of Secrets?
Please identify a comic strip in mid 70's about astronaut who crashes on Mars and rebuilt by them
Sliders 29 years rule
How could agent Clint Barton (Hawkeye) function while on the SHIELD Helicarrier deck at 30,000 feet?
Was Primrose exempt from future games?
What did Loki mean when he called Natasha (Black Widow) "Drakov's daughter"?
What happened between Korben and Leeloo?
Is low-skill labor obsolete in the 24th century?
A sci-fi book or TV show about a tribesman discovering he or she actually lives in a huge spaceship
Why Did They Take Eight Nukes?
Moria's goblins
Do personnel get sterilized (body and clothes) before using the transporter?
Trying to find An anime I watched in the late 80s featuring sentinels and a gun (i think)
Were battles in Lord of the Rings inspired by any historical events?
What was Dr. Frank N. Furter's original mission on Earth?
Story about prisoners on a spaceship forced to perform repetitive tasks
Old Sci-Fi story with towers that beam energy to airships
What's the meaning of the fossilized engineer in the Alien space jockey scene?
What happened to the Alien that came from the Space Jockey?
Please identify a book involving characters who can manipulate time
Does The Flash have a (theme) sound/music?
Why did Nightwing's costume change from black and blue to black and red in the DC New 52?
Why does Cersei have to be defended by a knight of the Kingsguard?
Trying to identify a short sci-fi story about a human that is "resurrected" by malignant aliens
Why didn't the Marauder's Map mark Peter Pettigrew as Scabbers when he was in rat form?
How did Pi Patel not die from eating raw fish at sea for such a long period?
Is the death of a specific character in Buffy related to the appearance of another character? (heavy spoilers for season 5)
Is there a pattern to which Star Trek ships get the definite article?
Why was the Balrog unconcerned with the fate of Middle Earth?
Looking for a Pre-1975, young adult, sci-fi, colored circle dimension crossing
Why didn’t the zombie outbreak in The Walking Dead start earlier?
What neutral planets existed at the time of the Rebellion?
Why wasn't Fiona in human form in Shrek: Forever After?
Why didn't Jaime Lannister succeed Aerys Targaryen in place of Robert Baratheon?
How did Dobby seal off Platform 9 and 3/4?
Is it possible the four chaos gods of the Warhammer 40K franchise were once mortal?
Mid-1980s animated theatrical release
One armed main character sci fi/ fantasy
In Fringe 2x16, How could Walter have copied the RAZR device?
What are the tactical advantages to having a flying aircraft carrier?
Do male elves have long or short hair?
Novel about the end of the world
After being neuralized, why is Newton holding a shovel?
Short Story: Army investigates barrier and house
Alien Animal Headed Foreign Legion misfits take on the military
Can Weeping Angels See In the Dark?
Do Weeping Angels Displace Other Weeping Angels?
What elements of Arthurian Legend are adopted in Harry Potter?
Could Geordi's VISOR pick up sound waves?
What are the machines in the Matrix doing?
Book about an isolated space ship where a new society/religion develops after order collapsed
Why don't Starfleet ships use cloaking devices?
Why did Boromir take so long to reach Rivendell?
Identify a story about a magic string-box?
Do the septons and septas of the Seven have magic powers?
What is the reason for such a strange exchange rate in the wizard currency in Harry Potter?
New Zones of Thought book?
Did the Federation actually have consistent naming conventions for their ships of the line?
How were the DRDs on Moya operated?
Babylon 5 White Stars Verses Earth Ships and Shadow Vessels
House computer with AI takes over home, tries to procreate with woman
Where should I begin with Star Trek: Enterprise?
Book: girl with a prototype computer in her head that allows her brain to be broken into multiple personalities
Young adult novel with dragons, magic, and ends weirdly
Steampunk energy sources: what are they and how are they obtained?
Series of books about a young man who is promoted to captain of a starship on his first trip
Why are the people in Westeros so afraid of the white walkers?
In The Walking Dead (TV), how do zombies walk without blood circulating?
Want to identify a short story about a fake spaceship/station
Are the wizard coins in the Harry Potter books international?
Which Iron Man comic follows Invincible Iron Man?
Where does the technology to give dogs intelligence come from in Empire from the Ashes?
Did Galadriel, Elrond and Gandalf try to heal the damage done by Sauron after the One Ring was destroyed?
Secret agent working for lizard overlords travels through parallel universes
Live-Action Japanese movie from the early 90s
Identify Russian novel about intelligent, talking dolphins, with nuclear test site near by
What is the name of...sci/fi trilogy...aliens invade earth and kids destroy their domes
How come Littlefinger spent his childhood at Riverrun?
Where was Renly Baratheon during Robert's rebellion?
Who was Rhaegar, Viserys and Daenerys' mother?
Why did they give Clara hacker powers?
Did Agent Coulson die in The Avengers?
Book series about a man who discovers advanced alien artifacts on the moon
Fictional origins of touch and gesture technology
Did less idealistic, more realistic themes enter the Star Trek franchise before Deep Space Nine?
Is it possible to die in a Holodeck?
What was Tyrion's motive in asking his father for Casterly Rock?
Does anyone actually wear eyeglasses in Star Wars?
What short story has a ball chasing a researcher to add him to its collection?
Avengers vs X-Men ending: isn’t it all The Avengers fault?
Identify a book about founding of Scientology where female protagonist has sheep DNA and is an intended sacrifice
How did Snape learn when Harry was to be moved?
Why was Jadzia Dax written out of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine so late?
Why did the Red Queen try to exterminate humanity in Resident Evil: Retribution?
In "The Faculty", which teacher was infected first?
Dagor Dagorath (sources?)
Are humans in the Star Trek Universe smarter, or just better educated?
Name of movie where astronaut finds a cave or tunnel with displays of artifacts on the inside walls
How old were Aragorn and Arwen when they were married?
Sci-fi novel that contains a drug that allow to re-live past episodes of your life
In The Rings of Akhaten why was the Doctor unaffected by the reading of his memories?
Doctor Who: Clara Oswin Oswald Paradox
How can electricity not work at Hogwarts?
Could someone explain to me the blood wards of 4 Privet Drive?
Why was the Thrush in league with Bard the Bowman of Laketown?
Equal Mass in both universes in Fringe
How long does the average Orc live?
Finding the space adventure story in the late 1970's or earlier
Novel about a man who could enter the minds of animals
How was the sword of Gryffindor pulled from the hat a second time?
What caused the death of Superman?
Name of a short sci fi story about 2 astronauts
Will there be a Buffy The Vampire Slayer season 8 on DVD?
Is it possible to suffer from frostbite and sunburn simultaneously?
Book about two children who traveled through time using a circle of stones
What were the giant rock throwing creatures in "The Hobbit"?
In Walking Dead (TV), is it possible that a survivor becomes immune
How did Clara dedicate Emmett's tombstone in Back to the Future 3?
What happened to Voldemort's body after his death?
Is Marty McFly Traveling to Parallel Universes?
Why did Dumbledore never ask Harry how to destroy a horcrux?
Story where juvenile computer programs are trying do well in class long enough to be downloaded into living being?
Did the Valar fight in the War of Wrath?
In Peter Jackson's LOTR trilogy, does Arwen have the gift of foresight like Elrond?
Why did Dumbledore say that the Ring (Hallow/Horcrux) "was sure to carry a curse"?
Book where overpopulation led to sterilization led to humanity dying out
Leto II or III? Son of Paul who becomes GOD EMPEROR OF DUNE
I'm trying to find a book I read in the 70's about hive minds / psionics
Do the "walkers" have no memory? what about the wife of that first guy who tries to use the door knob?
Was the first Doctor known to have traveled to the market at Akhaten with Susan Foreman?
How different is Superman's physiology from a normal human?
How effective is "spider-sense" against different forms of teleportation?
What book has a boy growing up in a community with no emotions?
Do standard definitions exist for dragon, drake, wyrm and wyvern?
What book had the Norse gods in a nuclear war against ice giants?
Why "Laurie" in "Laurie (Strange Things Happen)"?
Does Westeros know that Daenerys is coming?
Is there a name for the kind of magic involving knotting and untying?
Short story about a huge blanket blocking the sun, thereby freezing earth
Can Starfleet doctors make Captain rank?
Is The Wolverine based on any canonical source?
Why doesn't the huge difference between the muggle and wizard gold exchange rates get misused?
Why didn't Brennan turn Roy into a protector as soon as possible after Kobold?
Looking for story about population control via beach vacation
What are some good Iron Man comics for a beginner?
Man whose job is to destroy broken robots on Mars
Teen SF novel: boy finds a time-traveling pebble/pearl, realizes that every change made to time distorts his life more and more
Battle on the moon where the defenders hide behind brightly colored rocks
Don't the cities ever employ mass transit on 1st World planets in the Star Wars Universe?
Link between Warhammer Fantasy and Warhammer 40k
Is the sun supposed to be able to steal away your memories in Rings of Akhenaten?
Why didn't military attack the spaceship in the end?
Do the Transformers ever need maintenance like a normal car?
Young adult or children's book about creatures from a parallel dimension?
Did any members of Loyalist Legions turn traitor during the Horus Heresy?
Hawkman and an imprisoned green lantern? (animated series)
What were the other injuries to Weasley family members?
How did Spider-Man come to be working for the Future Foundation?
What fantasy book has a kid who turns evil and can move so fast he can pass through solid objects?
How do the current Illuminati, Age of Ultron, and Avengers story lines connect?
What book is set on a giant space ship with the captain infested by a parasite?
Are the new factions in A Memory of Light a Sanderson invention?
What was the point of the switch?
Identify this Dragonlance(?) story with clever use of footnotes
Trying to find out the name/episode of b&w tv episode--1950's or 1960's science fiction/horror genre maybe
War with remotely piloted micro-machines
Why isn't the Master Chief a Commissioned Officer?
How did people know so fast that Voldemort died/vanished/disappeared?
Why was "Forward the Foundation" unpublished?
Why do the Walking Dead Zombies only show intelligence in the very first episode?
The Forsaken after Tarmon Gai'don
Which was the "wow" scene that Sanderson was talking about?
Help me identify this B-movie about plant-like aliens that crash land
Identify source of picture (probably "Doom" related)
Short story including aliens who are identified with Loki and Thor (from anthology c. 1970)
Was the Force used before 100,000 BBY?
Gauntlet of Kressh the Younger loophole?
Where did the escapees from Ringworld end up?
Does Hulk have joint problems?
Boy and girl living in an underground city (post nuclear?)
Why didn't Aragorn keep going with the army of the dead?
Would tampering with the visual playback of the bridge log really affect the behavior of a chess game?
Sci-Fi book, 1980s, Twins psychic powers
How would Rand's relationship with these characters be classified?
How did they bring the plants back from extinction?
Why didn't Deanna Troi wear a uniform at the start?
How does Aragorn defeat the Wraiths on Weathertop so easily?
Where do the bodies of the dead Tributes go?
In the third age, which of these beings is more powerful?
Identify this story about a quickly healing woman
Is the clasped-hand strike seen in Star Trek part of a real/fictional martial art?
How was Olver able to do it?
90s (or earlier) book series: kids woken up after an apocalyspe, each can do something special and they have to restore humanity
In the Doctor Who episode "The God Complex", the creepy clown was whose worst fear?
Time traveling boy takes girl to two-caste future, where the rich live on buildings with stilts
Does the world of Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality differ in any other way from the original besides the husband of aunt Petunia?
Is Force lightning from the feet plausible?
How would the Hulk's transformation affect an artificial joint?
Are the Hogwarts Potion Books intentionally misleading?
Does Sarkhan Vol planeswalker die after the Eldrazi are freed in Zendikar? (MTG Novel)
What type of computer network would the Matrix be considered
Short Sci-fi story about a car that endlessly drives itself
Horror Comic From the 80's
Is there an astronomical name given to the Ewoks' home?
Short story about robots on a farm after losing communications, go out to rule the world
Story about a colonized planet of butterflies that are telepathic plant life
Short story about teleportation across the galaxy using alien teleport booths
Did Mad-eye Moody lose a buttock?
Are the Aelfinn and Eelfinn outside the pattern?
Brother and sister in a futuristic world with genetically modified animals and class segregation
What kind of Wraith would Frodo have become?
Adventure across planets/galaxies; small band of brothers vs evil empire with a unique currency system
In Moon [2009], why are there any humans at all?
Who became Emperor of the Galactic Empire after death of Emperor Palpatine?
Film seen on television sometime in the late 1970s with astronauts returning to a changed Earth
Time travel book for young adults, available in school libraries in 70s, cape-wearing girl meets Greensleeves-whistling boy
Book about a family who can contact each-other with playing cards
Book about a soldier who gets transported to another world
What about all the dragon-poop?
How did the Crystalline Entity travel at warp speeds?
Sci-Fi movie with a stasis chamber for 1 but has to hold 2
Freezing time = freezing air?
Understanding the Table of Contents of Philip K. Dick's novel, "A Maze of Death."
story about an ark on land demonstrating time dilation
Could Dr. Strange wield Mjolnir?
Does Superman need to breathe?
What did happened on the Elizabeth Dane?
What is the movie with the humanoid aliens with inverted legs?
The Forsaken and Balefire
Was Boomer meant to actually kill this person and if so why was her attempt to so poor?
Why do the policemen in Batman Beyond have a 5 emblem on their uniforms?
Looking for a specific horror/science fiction children's anthology from the 90s/early 2000s
Why doesn't the Silver Surfer live the life of a recluse?
Why was the cyborg Darth Vader wheezy?
How powerful is Cody Travers?
Identify this short story: Malfunctioning robot destroys anything that moves, man is injured by robot, shines light on robot
In the TV show, who cut this person's hand off?
Why does Cirdan give Narya to Gandalf instead of Saruman?
Do the bearers of the Elven rings know the identity of the other bearers?
Did Heinlein invent the term "boot-chevrons" or did an actual military use it?
Looking for the name of a show from the 80's about a man who gets hit by lightning and becomes an agent with a watch thats a meter
Book with creatures like bugs in a box that the book told not to open
Why is Theon Greyjoy so easily convinced to side with his family?
TV show about cells living like humans do in our body
What is the Trade Paperback reading order before reading the Avengers (vol. 1)?
Why didn't the Portal Gun fail to create a Portal on the Moon?
Why did they take a Palantir with them when they left on the last ship going west to the Undying Lands?
Genetic Inheritence in Westeros
UK pulp magazine with a cover featuring a warrior, a pile of worms, and a damsel in distress
Are all licensed and published Battletech novels considered canon?
Why did the Votans come to Earth in particular?
Story about an alien invasion that could neutralize Earth's spaceships
Which planet was mentioned at Kobol [spoilers]
Why doesn't Voyager in Star Trek go above the galactic plane to get back home?
Looking for a story where people download their consciousnesses into bodies
Captured by a giant witch who wants to eat him
How is the Gamma Quadrant called by its inhabitants?
Does BBY/ABY standard exist in-universe?
Has the mystery of God stuck at the center of the galaxy ever been resolved?
Why did A.M.A.Z.O. transport Oa into another dimension?
Where is the possible location of Engineer's sacrifice scene?
What's the full name of A.M.A.Z.O.?
What species is on the cover of Fornax?
A book about a boy searching for his missing father, the spaceship navigator
Picture of Captain Future's Otho that proves he is a robot
Demons in Buffy / Angel - are they human hybrids or not?
Was Picard speaking French and being translated the entire time?
Is Nick Fury now depicted as being Black & Bald outside the movie franchise?
Live action Australian/New Zealand superhero kids show from mid-2000s
Slelling and karking
Uluru in Heroes
How was Cortana going to detonate In Amber Clad's reactor?
Book about outcasts from Earth
What happened to the other Forerunners?
Contribution of Leigh Eddings
Reading order of "A Song of Ice and Fire"
Does DS9's "Prodigal Daughter" imply that Trill is not a Federation world?
20+ years old SF movie with a man inside a spaceship having his frozen arm ripped off by some kind of gravitational force
In Old Man's War why do they hold back technology from Earth?
Does the sorcerer in the box exist in the books?
Differences between different incarnations of The Flash
Are there any title drops of the separate titles in A Song of Ice and Fire?
Were the Hindu job applicants really in danger of having their heads sawn off by their collars?
If this speculation about Jon Snow is true, would he be allowed to leave the Watch?
Looking for a fantasy book about ape-like humans who get invaded by humans
In Hide, why was there a cold spot?
How does the shield work in Sunshine?
Why didn't PROXY have/use these combat modules?
Story where all production is performed by robots. Higher ranked humans are required to consume less than lower ranked individuals
Why do Force Users speak what they want people to do when they use Force Persuade?
Why was S03E21 of Star Trek: Enterprise named "E²"?
What was depicted on the cup with the black liquid in the first scene of "Prometheus"?
Theon's words in season 3 episode 4
Aftermath of the destruction of the Ring
Do any sea creatures exist in The Lord of the Rings?
Other Sibling Avengers?
How did the Pakleds get Romulan shields?
How did Merry and Pippin get their Barrow blades back?
Why do the Ewoks have weapons of war?
Family negating mutations
How does Superman get indestructible costume everytime after he loses existing one?
The blonde doll in the Doctor's pocket
Book identification: a planet of poisonous plants where people live in the tops of trees
Were the Air Nomads all monks?
What Hulk titles are great for a newbie?
Trying to find the title of an interplanetary saga by Ursula Le Guin
Looking for a short story my father read years ago-curved part of space and goes back in time
What happened to Continental drift in Fringe Prime?
Early history of men
Middle-earth maps
Numenorean Interaction With Other Men
Could Denethor have told Sauron about the ring's location?
Fantasy novel with an adventuring party with a female werecat, alcoholic priest
If Captain America is frozen with his shield how come Iron man has it?
Is Iron Man 3's ending based on any canonical source?
Novel about a man finding a ring on an ancient planet that heals him
What is the origin of milk in Redwall books?
How did the Witch King of Angmar get his sword back?
Why did members of The One Sith in Prisoner of the Floating World have no tattoos
Are there continuity problems with River Song and her PhD?
Professor X's mind reading and Wolverine's adamantium skull
70s movie where guy could control light, even from a firefly
Why didn't Morgana reveal that Merlin was a warlock to Arthur?
What movie has a scene near the end where a guy gets covered by newspapers blown by the wind, then disappears?
Which Kid Detective Invented a 3D Video Camera?
Relative morality among aliens: human individualism vs insect collectivism vs hedonism
How can the Tardis speak to Clara in "Hide"?
Boy playing ball has to run inside to avoid a hail of diamonds
Book where humans are considered extremely dangerous, but an alien ship comes looking for help
How do I place a stationary wormhole on a planets surface?
Do the leaves of Yggdrasil (the World Tree) have any special properties?
What was the motive of the villain in Iron Man 3?
How long did it take for the Black Speech of Mordor to fade from the One Ring?
Which Sci-Fi/Horror movie is referenced in The Iron Giant?
Which FRINGE division is more advanced?
How old is Chewbacca?
Why did Karstark think Robb lost the war when he married Talisa?
In the Dr. Who episode "The God Complex", could the projection of the weeping angels affect anyone?
What did Bilbo Baggins do while the Fellowship of the Ring went on their quest?
SF book with long distance running as an element of military tactic
Arthur C. Clarke short story confusion "The Awakening", "Nemesis", "Exile of the eons"
Did the Extremis Virus have anything to do with Tony removing …
What was Flash referring to at the end of the last episode of Justice League Unlimited?
Was Legolas a regular elf?
What really happened the night that Fry got frozen? (In terms of time travel)
Did Kirk make a racist remark?
How long were Jack and Victoria on Earth?
What happened to Ice, Eddard Stark's Valyrian steel sword?
Where do the Ethereals come from?
If Flynn had the master key, why couldn't he just delete Clu?
How heavy is Captain America's shield?
Where was the earliest mention of Vader falling into a volcano?
Looking for canonical descriptions of Orthanc
How big were various armies in the War of the Ring?
Novel in which the Earth is abandoned and quarantined, but some people remain
What became of the other 19 Rings of Power after the One Ring was destroyed?
What are the original titles of books I-VI of the Lord of the Rings?
Why didn't Tony Stark remove the pieces of shrapnel in his chest?
Short story in which candidates for political office act as deities to tiny, synthetic creatures
Who is the first robot that is still in working form in Futurama?
What Race of Beings live on the Planet Terminus?
Which dragons was Stannis planning to awaken?
How do the cables connected to Brainiac's head help him?
Short story about a woman diver on a dangerous alien planet
How much footage (approximately) exists of Star Trek Phase II?
How were hobbits created?
Should I watch The Avengers before going to see Iron Man 3?
What does Marvel mean by volume 1 continued?
Why don't Starfleet ships transport injured crew members to sick bay automatically?
Is a warp drive faster than a hyperdrive?
Eastern Europe story, possibly Stanislaw Lem
What happened to Frodo's sword?
Is the circumflex significant in the word “Nazgûl”?
What do we know about the Black Speech of Mordor?
Looking for canon Quenya and Sindarin dictionary
What’s the maximum number of people that have been in the TARDIS at once?
Who or what is the Papal Mainframe?
Did Mazer Rackham have a tattooed face in Ender's Game book?
What did Numenorean swords / Andúril look like?
Did Ilúvatar anticipate Melkor?
Is there any mention of the lands east of Mordor?
In the Codex Alera, do we ever see a manifestation of metal furies?
Has Tywin Lannister ever received a life lesson?
How does Borg technology spread when assimilating a starship?
What's the origin of an "Avenger" computer virus?
Novel about benevolent aliens landing on Earth
Would Smaug have been able to identify and claim the One Ring?
Does Rose appear in future episodes of Doctor Who or Torchwood?
Do Tolkien's elves have pointy ears?
What are the "Subspace Frequencies" & "Border Protection Grids" in Star Trek?
How does the ability of the creature in "The Man Trap" work?
Girl traveling to space with her uncle and aliens they meet on the way (novel and animation)
Why didn't Harry die in the dark forest?
How long do Klingons live?
What was the earliest point at which Saruman knew of the One Ring not being lost?
How many men were really at Helm's Deep?
In Iron Man 3, why couldn't Tony Stark use the arc reactor in his chest to charge his armour?
Did wizards know more about the Milky Way galaxy than Muggles?
Was Empire Day still celebrated after the Fall of the Empire?
Reading order of Tolkien's middle-earth books
What is the name of this trilogy about uploaded people in space?
Did Faramir see Boromir's actual body, or have a vision?
Possible Warehouse 13 continuity discrepancy in the recent Living and the Dead Episode?
British sci fi book from the 70s or early featuring a colony returning to a deserted Earth
Enterpise S01E18 Rogue Planet: Is the planet the same one the changelings are from in DS9?
Brains in combat chassis
Is there enough evidence of Sansa Stark turning against House Stark?
Did Worf consider any race honorable?
Is being a Time Lord a dominant trait?
What does Anderson sense about Judge Dredd in the movie?
Were there any other 'wizards' in Middle-earth apart from the Istari?
Did Saruman copy from Radagast?
Why does Grima Wormtongue have black hair?
If all the Starks died, would Winterfell rightfully go to the Karstarks?
What happened to the greatsword Dawn?
Are superheroes supposed to age?
How can Aragorn fight with a broken sword?
Is Wolverine sterile?
How did the villain expect this part of his plot to work?
Who was Tony talking to in the post-credits scene?
Are the people of Earth truly united?
When someone tries to fire Roland's pistol he nearly breaks his arm. Just what exactly does the book mean when it says "pistol"?
What do the White Walkers do with the baby boy gifts from Craster?
Why didn't the Nazgûl stab more people to create more wraiths?
What is the point of Sweetville?
Did the hostage in Mandarin's penultimate lesson live?
Why did Cypher trust the Agents?
Why aren't transporters used for medical purposes?
Why aren't there three slayers?
How big were Hobbit children?
How do Orcs breed/reproduce?
How did Silas get inside Caroline's house?
Is there a king or queen of Equestria?
What was Star Swirl the Bearded's spell *supposed* to do?
Where did "you shall not pass" come from?
Is Star Trek Online part of the Star Trek universe/timeline?
How can an old dead tree suddenly spring to life and cast its petals on Aragorn's coronation?
Man in a cave with a silver ring
Which Year's Best Science Fiction contained Cilia of Gold, The Remoras
Inception - Can a totem help you figure out if you are in reality or your own dream?
What is the armor in the RDJ Iron Man's outfit made of?
What makes wood resistant to various fictional items?
Short story about Tibetan monks who want to know the name of God?
why nobody figures out that Superman and Clark Kent are the same person?
How could Saruman imprison Gandalf?
Why doesn't Tony Stark lose a leg?
Short story about an Astronaut who buys an 'automatic' typewriter for daughter
Does a totem really confirm you are not in someone else's dream?
Identify Story - Colonists go to Mars and begin to slowly change
Where were the Avengers during Iron Man 3?
Nurse/soldier romance in space
Movie where medical students try to revive Dracula
What makes Titans so valuable in the Warhammer 40k universe?
Help Identify a Cthulhu Mythos story about a house with a painting
Book about an impostor knight
Why is Kvothe so weak in the present time?
Did the Borg follow a Borgesian philosophy?
Children's books from the 80s about a professor who used his smoking pipe to teleport himself, a girl and a boy to other worlds?
Isn't it unrealistic that "After Earth" characters use English, considering the setting?
How long is the portal tunnel in Portal?
Is the spinning top in Inception a bad choice for a totem?
A Fire Upon the Deep: how come the refugee ship goes so fast to the Tines' world?
In The Walking Dead....why aren't there more children zombies?
Is the Abrams-timeline just another mirror universe?
Why was a fox able to think about the hobbits on the road to Rivendell?
Why did Frodo travel with the elves who were leaving Middle Earth?
What happens with Krypto when Superman becomes an adult?
How much of King's journal was true?
What is the origin of the "Riker Chair Maneuver"?
How essential is JARVIS to the Iron Man/War Machine armors?
Story about a factory that produces precious stones but nothing useful
Why weren't the Tollan named 'The Fifth Race'?
Why did the Old Forest respond to the hobbits?
Why can the dead men of Dunharrow kill the corsairs from the South?
Why were the "monsters" in "Journey to the centre of the Tardis" hostile?
120K military personnel - The Island
Story about Nazi dwarves inhabiting an old castle (in Ireland?)
Futurama: Why does the Planet Express ship need a pilot?
What is the point of Sauron making the One Ring?
Novel with rising sea levels and humans live on rafts and communicate with whales?
A Story about humanity in a deadlocked nuclear war
Fantasy TV series from the 90s
The Valar and their power to create
Why didn't Stargate Command continue to fast dial the gate?
Short story about meeting different intelligent species that have all evolved on Earth
How did they know where to point PathFinder?
Does Lt. Ro speak of Tuvok in TNG episode Preemptive Strike?
Why is Harry taking Divination in Year 4?
Does the Doctor choose where the TARDIS goes or does the TARDIS?
Can effects of Polyjuice potion be reversed?
How do they terminate someone injected with Extremis?
What is Maya's usefulness to Killian?
Where did Bilbo wander?
Why didn't Aragorn and Glorfindel attack some of the Black Riders?
Why could Aragorn heal Éowyn but not Frodo?
How did Tom Bombadil respond to Frodo's call so fast?
Why would Mrs. Weasley believe Daily Prophet's Skeeter about Hermione?
Why did the Fellowship not choose to pass the Misty Mountains further north or south?
Old novel on an island with man-eating plants; eating the plants turns you into one of them
Why did the theatrical version of LoTR portray the undead as it did?
Warp 13... Was this overlooked?
Who is torturing Theon Greyjoy and why?
Movie set in medieval time with a dragon
Why does Kilmandaros hate the Eleint?
How do I prepare for the end, the Fields of Trenzalore and the fall of the eleventh?
How did Obi-Wan know Darth Vader was Anakin?
What was Cobb's totem before the spinning top?
When did the original Melody Pond regenerate into her Mels identity and what caused the regeneration?
Who's Randy Waterhouse's father in Cryptonomicon?
Are 'robot' and 'droid' used interchangeably?
Does the game that Chewie plays with R2-D2 have a name?
Why do some of the doors close rapidly?
What are the cats of Queen Beruthiel?
Jeyne Westerling's fate
Can inconsistencies in technology level in the world of Pokémon be explained?
Book about a girl who talks to a tree (or boulder) and finds golden door
Short story in which a practical (space)man shears off his companion's arm to save her from alien contamination
Book where a game dev's daughter gets stuck in the game
What's the name of the galaxy far, far away?
Why would Dumbledore encourage people to call Voldemort Voldemort instead of Tom Riddle?
What did Darth Vader do for nineteen years?
Scifi short story with a star in a jar
What song did the Cracher-Mortel hum/sing during "The Waking Dead"?
Tony Stark's PhD Field Subject
Did Fantus die during the destruction of Krondor during the Serpentwar Saga?
Game of Thrones' real world inspiration
Tenclone, twelveclone, Englishmen
Does Superman have super powers outside of our solar system?
Crime investigation involving quantum computers
Why didn't the Aplans come back to life?
Doesn't Paarfi's description of Mario's defeat of the Orb constitute treason?
Looking for a children's or young adult novel about three kids travelling to a fantasy land
How did this [spoiler] interaction occur in Dr Who "Journey to the Centre" episode?
Why did these characters [spoiler] not die in the Dr Who "The Crimson Horror" episode?
1970s story: man living alone with robot servants on an estate invaded by hoodlums
Name of a novel in two parts where protagonist dies, but his soul gets reinserted into a descendant
Is divorce allowed in Westeros?
How do the houses select their sigils?
When is a new house created?
Why Hulk didn't get teleported away in World War Hulk?
Is there no long life milk in the Doctor Who Universe?
Identify science fiction book: Humor, loaded dice, blackmailing
Why is the name "Harkonnen" used on Seras' cannon in Hellsing?
Crashed astronaut finds his helmet
Book with clones of many sizes, just before clone war
What is the assumed name of Jon Snow's mother, as told to Arya Stark?
Is King Joffrey not actually Robert's Son?
In Harry Potter: where do people in paintings go when not within their normal frames?
Can the Doctor's daughter regenerate?
Why did Bruce Wayne not contact Rachel after he returned from his years abroad?
How did Duncan Idaho become so familiar with the fremen
Why didn't Dooku use Force lightning on the Invisible Hand?
Did the Silence want to stop the events of "The Name of the Doctor?"
Who is the man at the end of "The Name of the Doctor"?
Group of people on a boat being killed off by a slimy thing
How did Gordon Freeman survive the entire storyline without a helmet?
Can Tony Stark use Iron Man suits without an Arc Reactor?
Can someone explain the scene where Tony Stark first meets Brandt?
Looking for story about man on televised trial, presents plans for laser gun
What was Emperor's plan after seducing Luke to the dark side?
Mid 90's book series with a young boy being taught by a sorceress
What Would Have Happened If Voldemort Had Chosen Redemption?
VW Beetle Spaceship
What is the name of the soldier's mom(and her son the dead soldier) that Tony Stark meets in a bar in Iron Man?
How much did Tolkien write about the worshippers of Sauron? The Easterlings, the Harad, the Khand
In Star Trek: Into Darkness, why isn't the antagonist more careful?
How could this character have been teleported while the Enterprise's shields were up?
Did Theon Greyjoy kill the milller's sons?
How was Clara supposed to save the Doctor if she actually lost her memory?
What was the point of testing carbonite-freezing technology on Han Solo?
Book about two boys who crash into a cave, and an alien life form protects them but wont let them leave?
Movie from the 1960's where aliens are seen only through glasses
How do Amy and Rory know who River is in The Wedding of River Song?
Which book and chapter match with episode 8 season 3 from Game of Thrones TV Series?
What was the origin of the night creatures in the Riddick universe
What weapons can kill White Walkers?
Why couldn't Harry use Accio on the Golden Egg in Goblet of Fire?
TV Detective who travels back in time to solve crime
Does Cinnamon Bun have brain damage?
Were the Assassins from the Assassin's Creed series actual historical figures?
Why is gravity pulling the crew down they're in freefall?
Significance (or otherwise) of the Headless Spiro Agnew
How did Samantha Carter walk through the Stargate from SGC to Atlantis
What did Ollivander mean when he said Voldemort did “great things”?
What Silence fell?
Why was the Tardis in a museum?
Identify a novel set in an abbey, where monks are engrossed in illuminated writing
When is a body coming back?
Trying to remember a novel with an efficient alien language
Fantasy Novel with 'Legacy' in the title about an Elf trader
Television series about scientists doing research on a space station
Who/what made the noises on Miss Lucy's window?
Young adult fantasy series from the late 70s or 80's, published by 1988, 4 books total
Is there a minimum level of rational thought required to be affected by the Silence?
How intelligent are the Weeping Angels?
Is Kobra in Batman Beyond an homage to G.I. Joe?
Who is the lady in The End Of Time?
How can JKR's rules for Secret Keeper be reconciled between Deathly Hallows and FAQ?
Book with a labyrinth that allows travel to parallel worlds
Are there true references of Clara in the classic episodes?
What does Ged mean by this statement in A Wizard of Earthsea?
In the Alan Wake video game, is Bright Falls based on anywhere real?
Have the Silence always worn suits?
Comparing Doctor Who footage before/after 2005 by total airtime
When does Logen Ninefingers kill this particular person?
Is incestuous marriage a Valyrian practice, or unique to the Targaryens?
Star trek: Into darkness - why not just detonate the "cold fusion" device remotely?
White Walkers sparing the odd member of the Night's Watch
The Predators have a signature 'deboning' move that is admittedly dramatic but seems implausible. Has it ever been commented on?
Is the third season of Game of Thrones (now following A Storm of Swords) going to have a second part?
What happened between Carter and Martouf?
Is Superman the only immortal Kryptonian?
Where can ghosts go?
Are any of the original elves that awoke at Cuiviénen named?
What happens after the events of All Star Superman?
Haven't the Silence tried to kill the Great Intelligence instead?
Is there an actual time calculation in Inception?
Why are security checks in the alternate universe more severe than the first one?
Why did the Stargate close on John Shepherd and Ronon on Season 2 Ep 18 "Michael"
Why couldn't Snape and McGonagall prevent what Fudge did at the end of Goblet of Fire?
Could an Animagus transform himself into a human?
Movie or Series - Identification containing a scene where a boy get murdered by grinding the rear wheel of a motorcycle on his face?
What is the correct reading order for Deadpool?
Did the progams know that Flynn was still in the grid?
Why wasn't Tron looking for Flynn?
Why does no one seem concerned by a singularity in (or near) Earth orbit?
How did no one notice weapons firing near the moon?
How did the Enterprise move so far without anyone noticing?
Anatomy and the polyjuice potion
Suggested reading order for the Battletech Mechwarrior novels?
Were com signals as good in TOS as they were in Star Trek Into Darkness?
Why was Conan freed by his former owner?
Short story/novella similar to the game, Black and White
In A Wizard of Earthsea, what does the Master Patterner teach?
Why did/would Obi-Wan say that Yoda trained him?
In Star Trek: Into Darkness, What is Bones' serum (SPOILER)
Science fiction poem that I read in American literature class
How does Iron Man's Arc Reactor work?
Why didn't Tony Stark initiate the House Party Protocol earlier?
Why aren't there any recognizable elf children in Middle-Earth?
Why does Geordi La Forge's VISOR see a wide subspace spectrum and not just visible light?
How can a newbie fan read the Marvel storylines/events without confusion?
Why was Mace Windu Surprised when Jango Fett was Decapitated?
Are the Q a future evolution of humans?
Salesman, company monopoly, robotic competitor, razor blades
How did the Doctor join the others outside the TARDIS without opening its door?
Why did A.M.A.Z.O. need to come to Earth?
A human convict ex military transformes into an alien!
Book series about a junior officer in the Polish Air Force
Who or what is Scotty's helper?
Scientist trying to disprove witchcraft falls in love with a witch
Sci-fi book about pollution causing mutated sea life including mutated giant squid
Which issue of Marvel comic books first featured Peter Parker taking a "Selfie"?
Did Section 31 have any physical locations?
What does Deadpool: Secret Invasion cover?
Marvel's Iron Man's Comic Connection with the Film
Fantasy/urban novel about Greek-Roman gods
Why was Brock Samson assigned to protect the Venture family?
What was the bulk of Starfleet ships doing in the Laurentian system?
Why was it acceptable to provide the alternative timeline with trans-warp beaming equations/formula?
Where did Luke train between ESB and RotJ
How did the Rebel Alliance survive at Endor?
Do all spells require wand movements?
Stanton Parish's Plan
Stephen King's It- the ending
Anime movie about a boy in a ghost town
What is the Elven Diet?
Is 'the age of legends' similar to modern day Earth?
Show about half of the world on perpetual night and the other on day.
What is the total number of people killed on the 2 Death Stars when they exploded?
Are Mass Relays inhabited?
Could the Hulk have an adamantium skeleton implanted?
Why didn't Tony Stark have the Arc Reactor removed?
A book about an exiled princess, possibly 80's or early 90's
Short story about a boy, a girl, a boat, and a dying planet?
1970s SF story of aliens on earth farming brains for use in war machines - anyone read it and remember what it was called?
Why has Jango Fett been cloned?
Does Alan Moore hate Harry Potter?
Why does Carol Marcus not recognize Khan in The Wrath of Khan?
Stories about 3 Gems/guardians, changelings and liquid-centred swords
Sci-Fi novel from *years* ago. Spaced-based in Solar System
Have Transformers genders ever been explained?
Science fiction film/TV show about a plane about to crash, transferred somewhere, its passengers replaced with already dead people?
How does Data maintain his personal hygiene?
Is there filtering on Star Trek audio/video communication channels?
Story about victims being rendered down for the chemical components?
How does Data's skin get repaired after an injury?
Looking for a 90s YA horror anthology
Archery on the Wall [Spoilers]
Looking for story where mutual assured destruction by space ship behind the moon
Early 90s(ish) Sci Fi movie with morphing alien
When Did Magneto Start To Ally Himself With The X-Men?
Where did dragons come from in Middle-Earth?
Was Anakin's nightmare about Padme's death induced by Palpatine?
Why didn't Darth Caedus give Tahiri Veila a Darth name?
Where did the extra crew come from in Andromeda S03E12-The Dark Backward?
Chronology of Ray Bradbury's Martian short stories
The use of 'Darth' as Vader's name, not title, in Star Wars
How does the death order work in "Final Destination 3"?
Do Muggle trains roll along the Hogwarts Express railway near Hogwarts without seeing the enchanted area?
Is the Archangel Corwin passage a reference?
How are users of the Thu'um that aren't Dragonborn explained?
Why does the Tardis hate Clara?
story about god in diner, early '90s asimov science fiction magazine
Who are the people in the portraits in M's meeting room?
A book I read based in England
Have we seen any of the babies Michael and Harry saved again?
Age of a Space Marine?
Fantasy series about the rise of a magical/clerical sect
Is Theon Greyjoy's member famous?
Baltar & Felix's secret
Disappearing socks in "Goodnight Moon"
Looking for a novel I read 25-30 years ago about a man drifting in the Bermuda Triangle
Looking for a story about a time traveller talking to his younger self
In Lord of the Rings, why did hobbits appear to be more resilient to the Ring than men?
What is the concept behind silicon magnetics in the episode Such Great Patience?
What was the concept behind the communication in the episode Such Great Patience?
Boy wants to go to magic school
Where is Kirk's home on Earth in "Search for Spock"?
1970s to 1980s space exploration short story from an anthology
a book I read about survival on another planet and waygates
Is the ending of Fassbinder's "Welt am Draht" (World on a Wire) similar to that of "Simulacron-3", on which it was based?
Cartoon movie where the main character had a robotic arm
Is there software in Star Trek with a brand name?
What was the point of bringing Enterprise to the surface of a planet?
Is the species name "Ewoks" simply "Wookiees" with the syllables reversed?
Can Avada Kedavra be blocked, contrary to Barty's statement?
Are there any references about the magical red/silver shoes in Oz the Great and Powerful?
Short story where creatures have squares of territory.
Can anyone explain to me how the supernova in BSG was supposed to help the Colonials?
Guys with a "boomstick"
What did Lore get from collaborating with the Crystalline Entity?
Story involving the rumoured "whisper line": 2 points in a subterranean prison between which it is possible to communicate
In the movie After Earth, why were humans unable to breath Earth's atmosphere?
Book about space faring race that are very old but use swords and dress in black, also features a matriarchal society
What is the aetiology of Greyscale? (What is its cause?)
How was Hodor named as so?
What is the story behind the design of the U.S.S. Enterprise in Star Trek?
Why are the bridges of Klingon ships so steamy?
Why don't the ships in Star Trek just jump to warp to escape photon torpedoes?
What are the limits of "physical effects" in the Tel'aran'rhiod?
Why did McCoy need this person in particular to make his serum?
Did the location for Starfleet headquarters change in Star Trek Into Darkness?
Summary of Daenerys Targaryen's fate and relationship with Winterfell?
What other Space Marine forces are there with a similar purpose to the Ravenwing?
Valar Morghulis as GRRM's ethos as an author?
Why was the Defiant so small?
Science Fiction story about a man transferred in time by the atomic bomb
What planets in the Romulan system survived the supernova?
Where the heck were the other ships?
How do Jedi (and Sith) practice lightsaber duelling safely?
What color is the sun of Apokolips?
In Prometheus, why did only the humans evolve from the space jockey/Engineer who drank from the cup and not the alien creatures
In Prometheus we see lot of dead space jockeys/Engineers with their chests burst open. Where are the alien creatures?
Why were the Ursa designed to track solely by fear?
What did Anakin Skywalker win in winning the Boonta Eve Classic pod race?
Why is the effect of the polyjuice potion inconsistent?
What are the links between "After Earth" and Scientology?
Why doesn't Harry get in trouble for casting 'Lumos' in the third Harry Potter book?
What were the Romulans doing prior to "The Neutral Zone"?
How can there be a Xenomorph skull in the Predators trophy case?
In Disney's "The Black Hole", why do Reinhardt and Maximillian fuse together?
Why are people being trapped, collected and stored in phone boxes in La Cabina?
How could Avada Kedavra have not killed George Weasley if it hit his ear?
In Batman Beyond; why didn't Bruce tell Terry the real reason why he quit being Batman?
Why didn't the Doctor just snap his fingers? (spoilers)
Why don't the Doctor, Amy, Rory, or River kill the Silents on sight?
S03E09: What's the place where Bran Stark and Jon Snow almost meet?
Can anyone identify the movie a kid with her father stranded in an alien planet?
How did Sidious know about the argument between Anakin and Padme on Mustafar?
Who is Tauriel and why are they adding her to the Hobbit movies?
Mistake in the x-men movies?
How durable is the Arc Reactor?
Are there any female characters in the Hobbit?
Very short story - passengers on faster-than-light ship watch old broadcasts of the Howdy Doody show
Why are the Olympians the only truly immortal deities in The Iron Druid Chronicles?
SF book about a town displaced in time by an accident at a local lab
What is the deal with Deadpool and Iron Man?
SF anthology story about mysterious android servants
Why do the Martian aggressors in Robinson Crusoe on Mars look the same as those in War of the Worlds?
Why does Slaine warp-spasm?
A SF story about a ship of clones
Do the New 52 comics make any references to pre-new-52 works?
Did Captain Kirk take advantage of Drusilla?
Marvel Unlimited - comics aimed at young children
Matrix Reloaded - How did the message from the Oracle get out of the Matrix?
Do "wizard-born" individuals exist (legally speaking) in the Muggle world?
How is the Meta-Crisis Tenth Doctor sane?
Why would starships have intake manifolds?
Quenya for “hold” as in “to hold a belief”
How did the fire nation kill all airbenders?
How many instances of time travel occur in Star Trek, by series?
Was Orys Baratheon the first Hand of the King?
Is there a fictional language in Star Wars named after mechanical engineering professor Cemil Bagci?
How would one get onto a road in Heinlein's "The Roads Must Roll"?
Identification of old animated TV series ( Crashed spaceship, astronaut waiting to be rescued? diner?)
What is Neo being bathed in when he wakes up and is being flushed down after taking the pill?
Why did the Council of Five comply to Long Feng?
Did Snape know that James Potter had a cloak of invisibilty?
Why didn't anyone believe Voldemort was back?
How did Azula know that the Dai Li were still loyal to Long Feng even after he was imprisoned?
Female hacker who sees how a lot of people die; possibly called "Beautiful Net"
What were the other colors and powers of Maerlyn's Rainbow?
Did Agent Smith absorb The Merovingian and/or The Twins?
Does Doc Notice His Past/Future Self?
Wasn’t Quirrelmort a bit too adept with an intentional wandless magic in PS?
Did Agent Smith absorb the Architect?
Has Neo ever told anyone the *detailed* truth?
Do the machines store hovercraft replicas?
Why didn't Data's freedom apply to Lal?
Sci Fi Special Ops Team
Is there an in-universe reason why Morpheus was able to stand up to the agents in Reloaded?
Name of trilogy about two children who find broken magic stone shards and are rescued by winged red horses
Scientist and his genetically altered daughter on a colonised planet
What is the map of Barsoom that Carl Sagan had outside his office?
TV anthologies (SF) with variable story length?
What blood status would a child have if he/she were born to two Squibs, both from Pureblood families?
If Morpheus and Neo were driven by free will, why did they follow the Oracle's advice?
Music contest for entry into a galactic federation
Why did Odo not change his face? (season 5)
Children's book with griffin that is saved from being attacked by a boy
Kids Story Question: Ointment gives kid wings, loses them when seen
Short story about a gigantic space monster that is big enough to cover half of the Earth
Book about two factions of races using humans as hosts
Does Scalzi describe what the Rraey look like?
In what order Should I read the Marvel story arcs between Civil War and Avengers vs. X-Men?
How did Han Solo become a rebel?
Little girl on alien planet with her father; purple aliens jump between trees using their tails
The X-FACTOR gene in Ultimate X-men
Was there any mention of Theon being disfigured this way in the books?
Mutated animals in X-men (/Ultimate X-men)
How did Iroh deliver the "Secret History" message to Zuko while imprisoned?
Short story or book about a space crew on a broken ship who were capturing alien animals for a zoo
Book where swimming skill is feared due to shapeshifting water monsters that can take human form
When did the traitor turn?
Why did the amputation occur?
What canon level will the 7th Star Wars movie be?
Why did Ned Stark never tell the truth about his son?
How does raven post work?
Enterprise Chain of Command
Searching for title of movie about rapid aging
Story about a boy who travels through time by turning a cradle to save a baby
Fantasy Book possibly titled 'Iceworld'
How far in advance were the Matrix sequels planned?
Where were "the Sparrows" prior to their encampment in front of the Great Sept?
Artificial lifeform trying to establish contact through compiler bugs
How did Tony Stark have the Mark II armour in Iron Man 3?
The Borg became individuals following the reintegration of 'Hugh', how are they a collective again during First Contact?
What is the relation between The Walking Dead stories in different media?
Name of book that includes giant space creatures, resembling manta rays, that eat solar fuel and kill stars
Can Muggles see ghosts? If so, what measures are taken to prevent that?
International science fiction/fantasy anthology?
How do the aliens in the "Darkest Hour" get to the Earth?
Find my short story: Unexplainable darkness for three days. Brazilian author?
Book: Gen-manipulated intelligent squids explore space/planet
Title of story/book: Super intelligent computer-program being tested at space-station
Fantasy short story with soul-taking magic users
How did the Death Star manage the debris after blowing up a planet?
In a Song of Ice and Fire, what are rushes?
In Man of Steel, how did the phantom drive create the singularity?
Ragnarok in space?
In "Man of Steel", how did Superman get his super-suit?
What is the command structure of Battlestar Galactica marines?
Why couldn't the universal translator be used to communicate with the Klingons?
Why didn't Neo use an operator to transport him?
Continuity problem regarding the Enterprise's proximity to Earth?
Can we deduce the location of Metropolis by where the World Engine landed in the Indian Ocean?
Did technology progress at all by 138 ABY
Where did the name "The Borg" -- as in Star Trek -- come from?
Sci-Fi short story that involved time travel and a couple who keep losing each other
Is John Hurt actually going to be the next Doctor?
TV episode about a man seeing a creature in an airplane wing trying to sabotage it, but no one believes him
Is the spaceship in Flight of the Navigator a robot?
Age of Ultron #9 - Wolverine's weakness?
Why do the Kryptonians want to terraform Earth?
Earth leaves IQ suppression zone
How does Cyclops' Visor work to hold massive optic blast force?
Looking for a TV show about young people at a boarding school?
Fifth Season Finale- How can the Universe still exist?
What happened to Donna if the incident of the Daleks moving the Earth never happened?
Why is Chekov in engineering in Star Trek into Darkness?
Where to pick up reading "A Song of Ice and Fire" after the third season?
Does the death penalty exist in comics?
Are Tyranids the creation of humans?
Actor with the most comic-book movie roles?
What is the title of this superpowers movie?
What 1995-1997 cartoon had robots manned by children fighting big aliens?
Collection of YA horror short stories c.1980 including “Mr. Monstro”
What really happened on Kellog's boat?
Are the children of Han and Leia also royalty?
What happened to The Others storyline?
What is the first instance of advanced races becoming beings of light in scifi and fantasy?
Why didn't they blame all the murders that Harvey Dent committed on Joker?
Why did The Merovingian destroy The Oracle's shell?
When was the story element of Bruce Wayne being trained by mentors introduced into the comics?
How intelligent is Skynet?
Superheroes: names or titles?
Who is Lord Hoster Tully's Tansy?
Who are the green men?
Novel about hyper-intelligent children
In what three engagements were the Covenant defeated?
Identify YA horror novel that may have some fantasy aspects
Are there intentional real-world parallels of the wines in Westeros?
Sentient cities on post-apocalyptic Earth
Does the existence of the Archive make the Oblivion War unwinnable? [Mild Spoilers]
Why do the Faith of the Seven allow worship of the old gods?
How was Dr. Khanna able to fix QT?
What was the point of bringing Ziesha from the future?
How was Skynet created in the original timeline?
Convicted criminals serving time as insects in space
Why have Tony Stark killed?
What caused the TARDIS to accidentally fall through the void into Pete's World?
How does time travel take into account the rotation/revolution of the Earth?
Did Kryptonians own any other planet or had at least a major functional colony out there?
Are there economic implications portrayed in comics where the buildings and cities are ruined almost daily?
How have authors integrated fanfic into their canon?
Why doesn't Bran have a wheelchair?
Wasn't Superman supposed to care more about human life and assets?
Why didn't Kirk (and crew) simply transport from Earth to Kronos?
Has anyone read short story about a boy on a generation ship with an AI that is raising children?
Why didn't Kirk question the admiral's order?
First story that takes place outside the Milky Way
Did Harry Potter lose Voldemort's powers when he lost his connection to Voldemort?
In comics, how many people have been killed by Superman?
How can The Doctor be the "last" of the Time Lords?
Why is Data's uniform gold and not red?
Old movie or tv show about man living longer which splits mankind
Minbari, blue spot on their heads
Has there ever been a Dalek civil war?
Movie or TV episode, where a person wearing a kind of 'intermolecular force cancelling' devices dies by falling thru the floor
How did George R. R. Martin come up with the names of his characters?
How many people can the TARDIS transport?
In Babylon 5, season 2, episode 1 commander is giving a speech on the bridge. Why is the bridge empty?
Why does Joffrey Baratheon wear both house sigils?
Why is heirship so important in Westeros?
Was Luke feigning helplessness in Return of the Jedi?
Looking for a book with a talking cat
Does Harry Dresden 'Level Up' After Each Book?
Short Story About How 2 Astronauts Who Stop for Lunch Unknowingly Destroy the Only Lifeform on an Arid Planet
Is the Kurgan referring to Jesus?
Sci-Fi story where aliens resurrect humans, who have gone extinct
Why didn't Robb Stark march his men down the west side of the trident?
In which Comic Book series is Batman actually Thomas Wayne?
How was Basilisk so stealthy?
SF space film in which the alien gives birth while isolated on a planet with a human
Story about enemies in a space battle sharing their last moments over com as their ships die
How to explain that Harry was able to block a Killing Curse during the Battle of the Seven Potters?
Why did the silver hand turn against Wormtail?
Are the Cybermen in "Assimilation²" Mondasian or Cybus?
Mythical parallels for Tolkien's stories
Speed in Star Trek
Are the pod-born humans of The Matrix universe sterile?
Why does Gaius Baltar lie about the results of his Cylon detector?
How did Voldemort know he was a descendant of Slytherin?
What Borg enhancements are retained by Jean-Luc Picard?
Story in which a city had to move steadily over all terrains to remain the same height
Does Harrison give a true account of his backstory to Kirk?
When and why was impulse drive invented?
Children find hole in their bedroom wall which changes objects
Boy goes insane during space travel
Why doesn't Walter rebuild a window?
Young adult/children's book about space and plague
Claire's impaired immune system
Is Superman immune to narcotics?
Does Superman need to eat?
Why aren’t the Kryptonians powerless in their biosuits in Man of Steel?
Why doesn't Lupin summon a patronus on the train?
Help identifying a book about a planet with a regent who could kill via a wireless signal to a brain implant
From where did Cochrane get funding for Warp drive invention?
How did Valérian meet Laureline?
Does physical contact (by a person) with a cast Patronus shield negatively influence the effectiveness of the Expecto Patronum spell?
Is there any sci-fi story about intelligent extra-terrestrial life on a tidal locked planet?
Where did John Carter (2012) find drinking water on Mars?
Short story about vampire hunting in a virtual reality game
Why doesn't removing the Ice Crown have any effect?
Does Princess Bubblegum remember the Mushroom Wars?
Can the hulk be affected by poison?
How can the holodeck in Star Trek: Generations exist around an exit?
Valar Morghulis, Arya Stark and Daario Naharis - Connection?
What is an ultradrive spine?
Help identifing a book about people exiled to the distant past
Does the Doctor lie about his age?
How much time has passed between The Avengers and Iron Man 3?
In the Avengers movie what exactly was Loki's plan for the Chitauri?
Is there a "mathematics fiction" genre?
Story about a low tech world taking over authoritarian cultures by allowing them to steal technology
Book about playing "death games" with computers obeying the 3 laws?
What was the creature that chased Edwin in Predators?
Why are there so few children to select from in The Hunger Games
Book where a brain/object controls humans so that everyone walks and moves in the same rhythm and pattern
Why do the Engineers' ships in Prometheus look that uncomfortable?
Was there any kind of meaningful communication between humans and Tyranids in Warhammer 40k?
Short story by Greg Egan (I think) about Marco Polo travelling outward from earth as a wavefront
Need attribution of Spiderman quote-Not everyone is meant to make a difference. But for me the choice to lead an ordinary life is no longer an option
TV show or movie with aliens taking people over via red triangles on their foreheads
Does the female soldier with Kyle Reese in the first Terminator's Future war sequence have a name?
Social dystopia requiring conformant behavior
Where is Lex Luthor in Man of Steel?
How does River Song know when and how she died?
Graphic short stories series about a boy falling through a hole which sends him to a fantasy world of monsters and magic?
Identify Story: Simulated people repeating their first day of work?
How do Kryptonians know Earth languages?
Alice's connection with her clones in the simulations
Is Bran able to have children after his fall?
A kind of 1984 remake, in an Internet based society
Why not kill Lucifer with the angel knife?
Game of Thrones' Season 3 - Chapters Adapted from the Book?
Why did the Engineers leave the clues to their military installation (as opposed to somewhere else)?
What caused Earth's disaster?
What did General Zod want from Lois Lane?
Why wasn't the codex enough for Zod, in Man Of Steel?
Who're the archangels, come season 8?
Short story identification, everyone fixated on an increasingly addictive pattern
Have elements from fan fiction become part of established Star Wars canon?
Book with a crazy cult which eats vat-grown flesh of Jesus for Communion
Was River Tam's sanity restored (either fully or partially) on Miranda?
Force-sensitive battle of the precogs?
How does Miro fly to Trondheim without destroying all the ecosystem of the planet with Descolada?
Is the marriage between these Doctor Who characters ever consummated?
Which (possibly French) sci-fi movie features a remote control that turns a basement door into a door to another world?
Help to identify a sci-fi trilogy of books - similar to three musketeers, moon as a casino
Practically speaking, how long would it have taken to build the Israeli zombie-defense wall in World War Z?
Why do people of the realm hate Jaime Lannister?
Why did Sauron blow up if he only had his fingers cut off?
In which order should I start watching Star Trek?
How could Doug Carlin possibly go through time without getting completely mangled?
Are droids hackable in the Star Wars universe?
Searching for title of fantasy novel including harpies
Do they ever mention what happens to Earth in a Deepness in the Sky?
2 time traveling young men
Dystopian England-like Land, Monsters come out at night
What is the Romulan commander's name?
Book where gladiators representing geographic areas fight using primitive weapons
Short story with teleportation from Mars (or another planet) to Earth
Do the different branches of the Brotherhood of Steel ever come into contact?
Book about time portals inside an asteroid in Earth orbit
Short story where spacers meet "death by silk" while on shore leave
Question about Supernatural Season 8 finale
Is 'The Night The Sky Cried Tears Of Fire' by J.D. Cronise an actual novel?
Whose body was in the gator pit?
80's Science Fiction movie where alien has head cut off
What were Vegeta and Nappa's power levels in DBZ Season 1?
Understanding the limericks in Asimov's mystery story, "Out of Sight"
What happened to the Qeng Ho?
How do the Zones work?
Use of Spherical portals in fiction
Name of a children's(?) novel involving a battle in space being affected by the writing of an author on Earth?
What is the deal with Kolea/Dalin?
How did they clone other breeds of dinosaur other than the one in the blood of the mosquito?
What will Saruman The White's Role be in The Hobbit Desolation of Smaug?
Why is there a giant penny in the Bat Cave?
Is the TARDIS the most powerful thing in the Doctor Who universe?
TV Episode with Frankenstein-like creature
What rules of poker are played on the Enterprise?
Why did they choose that theme song for Star Trek Enterprise?
What exactly do the eighth and ninth symbols in a stargate address represent?
Time traveling astronaut appearing frozen to observers in time travel accident
In Brent Week's Lightbringer, what are the alternate names for the Luxins
Book ID: Post Apocalypse or near Future with mutants
Cartoon series from the 90's
When did Batman become a vampire?
Is the nature of the inhabitants of Quinta from the novel Fiasco known?
What is the term for an anthropomorphic animal that fits a certain role or profession? (ex. a scholarly owl, dalmatian firefighter)
Why couldn't Palpatine sense Luke on Endor?
Why are dwarves associated with mining?
What is the difference between the gens and humans in Dark Metropolis?
New Israel Space station in Lagrangian point
YA fantasy novel about supernatural teens in an organization run by gods
SF Story about human adapting to alien environment
Why would Datak Tarr wear sunglasses?
What is the first appearance of a Lich in fantasy literature?
Comprehensive Rules for Game of Thrones Lines of Succession
Are all the false names used by Dean Winchester musicians' names?
Which civilization was more advanced, Minbari in 1260 AD or Humans in 2254 AD?
Room is really a spaceship
Name of short sci-fi story involving a musician who is punished for listening to Bach
Who are Edric Dayne's parents and how common it is for Lowborn Children to have Wet nurses?
Story about finding if an A.I. has a soul before deciding to turn it off
What exactly was the nature of the relationship between Jabba the Hutt and Princess Leia?
Is there a calendar NOT based on a solar or planetary cycle?
Why is Nostromo's technology so... 1980s?
Book about a soldier, who is a "?"th generation clone, who must recover the memories of his previous incarnation(s)
Novel(s) based on humanity fleeing from Earth and regressing to a pre-industrial state on a Colony so as to escape detection
How is the murder attempt consistent with Varys' plan?
How was Dorothy able to recognize color in The Wizard of Oz
How did the Millennium Falcon appear in Blade Runner?
How a magic trick is performed in The Illusionist
Help identify a novel/short story with themes similar to Elysium
Why are house-elves associated with rich families, if they are not paid?
2000AD comic from the 80s featuring a giant shark
Who Inherited Bag End?
Scifi fantasy book 1980s or 1990s
Are there any more Mech Warrior dark age novels?
Novel about androids in London of the future, with the androids plotting rebellion
Are blasters actually lasers?
Why didn't the UNSC use Chemical and Biological Warfare on the Covenant?
Is Trantor Earth?
Did Data have enough memory or "hard drive space"?
Why did people think Data was a Frenchman?
Short story about a test subject pioneering with robot help that becomes less helpful
A movie about haunted house
How did Data's cat "Spot" change colors/breed/gender mid-series?
Did Jor-El have intentions for Kal-El to recreate Krypton?
Where is the Old One?
What is the relationship between Taura and Admiral Naismith?
Old book where heroine stepped on stones to travel through time
Did the Death Eaters know that it was Voldemort who first opened the Chamber of Secrets?
What happens to Inquisitorial retinues once their Inquisitor dies?
Cyberpunk/Post-Apocalyptic Sci-Fi series from the 90s or 00s based in Manhattan
In the Hulk movies, why don't they make him talk?
Hulk vs. Superman - did they ever fight? Who won?
Kryptonians as prehistoric gods & goddesses
What would have happened if Gothamites on one of the ferries had pressed the detonator
What evidence is there to support or refute the assertion that The Doctor is a Super Hero?
A werewolf short story first read in the mid 80s, about a cheating man
Are the Monsters able to make doors that go to other worlds?
What's the relationship between the Monster's planet and Earth?
The Thing movie, the assimilation simulator
Can the Hulk stop himself in mid-air using sheer force?
What Sci-Fi book (1987 or older) had Aliens conquer earth and made Humans their slaves?
Can Dr. Manhattan cease to exist?
How closely does our current image of Cthulhu match HP Lovecraft's description?
Did Dumbledore know the last part of Snape's Unbreakable Vow?
Why doesn't Gollum age when he loses the ring?
Does the Face of Boe take on any other forms earlier in its life?
Dagor Dagorath - Is there any indication of who may return?
Fantasy novel from the 80s, quest led back home
Why is there such a theme of a superheros’ friends becoming their enemy/frenemy?
Why does Jayne remain loyal to the crew?
Why the name "Cable"?
What did the Howler to Aunt Petunia mean in Order of the Phoenix?
Why didn't Voldemort try to get at the Dursleys outside of their house?
What species do the the Freespace 2 Shivans resemble?
The Man from U.N.C.L.E. canon
Contact amidst interstellar war
Why did Indiana Jones want to take the Ark to England?
DS9 Sisko and the title Emissary?
DS9 Odo's perception
Why couldn't the trio Disapparate again after escaping from the Lovegoods' house?
What is the reason for Apollo's demotion to Major?
Why are there so many times Harry was told about him having his mother's eyes?
What are the different ways that Spider-Man makes webs in the comics?
Fantasy book that turns out to be post-apocalypse, set several millennia after a nuclear war
Who names the Kaiju?
How did Snape get the fake Sword of Gryffindor into Gringotts?
Does "Pacific Rim" have references/influences from kaiju / mecha genre?
Novel in which the protagonist fades out is forgotten by, and can't interact with, the rest of the world
What are the Journals of the Whills?
How come the Enterprise-D shows up in the Deep Space 9 finale?
Movie about a stopwatch that can actually stop time
How are voice commands authenticated?
Does the Turbolift on the bridge of Star Trek TNG Galaxy class vessels provide shipwide service, or are there additional Turbolifts?
Was Star Trek's original Captain Kirk always fond of antiques?
Boy transported to another planet where the being who owns the Earth lives
Trying to locate YA novel: dystopian, blond master race living in city, dark slave race outside city
Medieval samurai traveling in Europe, with fantasy creatures
Is there any material covering the interim between seasons 2 & 3 in Falling Skies?
Are there too many Sith in The Phantom Menace?
Help Identify Viking Time Travel Short Story
TV show - prisoners get lethal injection but end up elsewhere afterwards
Post apocalyptic world, with apocalypse being the singularity
How big was Shruikan?
Novel about a scientist communicating telepathically with cat-like aliens?
Are battle bridges on any other ship besides the Enterprise?
Can a Legilimens tell if his subject is trying to hide the truth using Occlumency?
How do Future Bill & Ted know Rufus' name?
Theoretically, would Harry have been able to control the basilisk, since part of the true heir of Slytherin survived inside him?
What was the motivation behind the conspiracy in Star Trek VI?
Looking for a Sci-fi short story that was in a middle school English anthology called Moments
Humans and reptillian aliens had a war, after it ended the humans bred the aliens to become giant fighting dragons
How does Hulk carry both Mjölnir and Thor?
Why are Patience Kys and Kara Swole alive?
Novel called "(Something) World". Nanotechnology / world-wide speed limit displayed in the sky, enforced by satelite weapons
Melkor's power - why didn't he increase it?
What kind of beings are shown by the Marauder's Map?
Why aren’t Hinkypunks and Kappas in Care of Magical Creatures?
Trying to find a book/story written in 1960's, 70's regarding travelers through a wormhole network
Why did the Imperium lose all of its advanced technology?
90s novel: wood nymph (similar to an otik) who becomes a scientist
ID a novel in which the protagonist was sent back in time to pull forward individuals for training by the people of his time
The Precursor invasion plan (moderate spoilers for Pacific Rim)
Would creatures of the same species evolve into different creatures if they came into contact with the 'black substance' in Prometheus?
Why could Harry open the door to the The Department of Mysteries when Snape invaded his mind?
Near-future novella by non-pro, feat. life extension, solar system colonization
Between 15m-25m Humans and Eldar must have co-existed. Why did the Eldar let this happen?
What Happened to U.S. Robots?
Tyranids have no god, would the Chaos Gods have any power over them?
Couldn't Randall have done what he did earlier? (Spoiler)
A guy talks his way out of jail with magic
1980s or late 70s comic featuring a space ark with humanity frozen on board and a romance?
What does "for when Albion's need is greatest" mean in the ending of the Merlin series?
What was Ben' motivation in "At Last"?
What is that song Ripley sings while buckling-in the space-suit in Alien?
Why is Fringe S04E19 not the first episode of Season 5?
Why didn't Elrond or Círdan take the ring from Isildur by force and destroy it?
How long had it been since Gandalf and Galadriel last met?
What actually happened between Spock and Saavik?
Story about food designers who create cultured meat, eventually cultured human flesh
Which Star Trek bridge officers ultimately ended up as a Captain?
During any of Marcus's reign, why did he not attempt a coup d'état?
What are the differences between Vampire and Lycan hybrids and purebred Vampires/Lycans?
Book about spiders whose bite is deadly, but surviving the bite creates immortality?
Airplane pilot transported back in time to a land ruled by a king also transported back in time
Which movie is about human-eating gremlins?
In Scalzi's "The Last Colony", how did the CDF know that Perry offered Gau a chance to surrender?
Quartet of books about a boy discovering a secret passage in a stone circle
Where was the S.H.I.E.L.D. base?
Why the invitation in Dresdenverse are not more complex
Why aren't Federation ships built with two warp cores?
What is the origin of Stoker's idea that vampires' reflections cannot be seen?
Looking for title + author of old children's SF novel
Looking for Robert Silverberg story about the dead being returned to life
meaning of The Hen by Lord Dunsany
Why did the Minbari surrender in the Battle of the Line?
Who or what is the man with the special headgear in Cloud City?
Why didn't Sirius Black run?
Short story about a cat funeral, and a man who believes he's become the king of cats
What/who are Yeomen?
What was the point of the stormtroopers' armour?
Could radar penetrate the Stargate aperture?
Could the Marauder's map show two sets of Harry and Hermione?
Coffee machine powering faster than light communications
Why is the wide beam phaser setting not used very often?
Agoraphobic returned astronaut rescues his cat on a building ledge
Why did the crew act violently?
Has DC published any non-New 52 comics since the reboot?
Story about space explorer with bears as companion animals exploring a dangerous planet
Starfleet Salary
Short story source for "Wool"
Old TV Show with a Floating Bed/Chair
Book (or trilogy) set in 1950s UK where the protagonist has a sandwich shop
"Ancient" mech, grandfather, morning exercise routine
What is Batman's height? And Superman's?
What is the difference between the Bantam and Harper paperback editions of "A Dance with Dragons"?
What is the reading speed of the doctor?
How big a paradox is required for The Reapers to appear in Doctor Who?
Siblings survive an attack in a religious war and are helped by siblings of a different species
Abandoned colony of military engineer corps
How fast does a human have to go to stay airborne?
What is a Balance of the Force?
What are Grey Knights/Grey Jedi exactly?
Can someone become artificially Force-sensitive?
Can Force Demons exist?
In Minority Report, how did they use the Pre-Cogs to frame someone?
Where was Verad Dax?
How "real" are the experiences in the Dark Side Cave?
Did Luke's Force ability prevent Vader from aquiring target lock in the trench above Death Star 1?
Where does the Cavil copy come from in the Temple of Five (S03E12, Rapture)
Can werewolves turn outside of the Full Moon in Harry Potter?
Why wasn't there more timeline divergence in "Yesterday's Enterprise" than what we observed?
Fantasy trilogy from the 80s, main character is an excellent archer, short but not a hobbit, more like a race of short elves
What exactly was the Dark Star's mission?
What happened to Neo in the last part of the Matrix trilogy?
Fictional Sci-Fi Dates Calendar?
In the movie I, Robot why is Lanning's house scheduled for demolition?
In Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem, why does this character get skinned?
How many ways are there to destroy a Horcrux?
Can the Room of Requirement, so to speak, "be" more than one room at once?
Are the rules to BSG's sport Pyramid ever explained?
Short story where Earth was created as an elementary school science project
Is there anything that is counter-to-canon in ‘Oz The Great and Powerful’?
How could this Adamantium piece be destroyed in The Wolverine?
Short story about ascending a tower of alien origin by solving mathematical problems
Book series with an astronomer exploring a golden egg shaped spaceship in Earth orbit
Book about a basketball player selected for immortality treatment because of his height
Identify comic book about 1940's resistance fighters battling an alien invasion
Is there a steam-like service for purchasing DC comic books online?
Fantasy book with people living in a wall, beating up their pets?
How does the robot Adam match Max's movements when they first find him?
Why was Rorschach willing to forgive The Comedian's "moral lapse" with Sally Jupiter?
Do the Sliders ever visit the same world twice?
The Wizardy World and Christianity
Trying to find a novel about a multigenerational ship crossing space
Is Dragonball's hero Son Goku unbeatable?
Why didn't they just blow up the Stargate?
Why does the drinking the water in Fangorn make Pippin and Merry grow taller?
Why does Gandalf say he is Saruman when he comes back as 'Gandalf The White'?
Who was Aragorn singing about in the Song of Beren and Lúthien?
How do Arwen's mortality and her and Aragorn's lifespans work out?
Why did Aragorn and Theoden ride out at the Hornburg?
What happened to Aragorn's horse in The Return of the King?
How did Magneto successfully kill Sebastian Shaw?
Hyperspace in Star Wars
Physical dimensions of the Planet Express building
Who is The Sigilite?
Who did Gregor bind Cherubael to?
What potions actually grant fame or glory, or put a stopper in death? Are there any?
Inconsistency on the Doors of Durin
Is there any other reference to a previous Lake Town?
The Empire novels of Isaac Asimov
Why didn't the 11th Doctor recognize River Song?
Wolverine's claws
How does Dracula turn people into vampires?
Novel about a teleportation device and a con artist alien
What made Shaw's room on the sub telepath-proof?
Book Identification: Dragons as war machines
Did Robert A. Heinlein "Invent" the elastic inertiometer?
What spell do wizards use to bind elves?
In Equilibrium, are the emotional displays a plot hole or something else?
How are House points tabulated/tracked?
Who rescues Davidge in 'Enemy Mine'?
Hydrogen Sonata - Which all out war was within living memory?
How can someone become a werewolf?
Fantasy novel about a half-djinn set in time of Crusades
Young Adult Sci-Fi book about Aliens Ruling Earth and a Human Resistance
Is there a substance like phraxdust in the real world or other fantasy writings?
What happens if the seeker can't catch the snitch? How does the game end?
Annorax and the Krenim Weapon Ship
What order do I watch ALL BSG shows
Movie where people on seizure medication find out they are aliens
Looking for an episode from Night Gallery or something where a doctor cuts his guest's legs off
When does an Hokage suceed the previous
Can a bastard, under any circumstance, become a Lord or King in Game of Thrones?
Why was Philip K Dick so distressed at Ridley Scott's adaptation of 'Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep'?
Is there a listing of story arc episodes of Supernatural?
Movie about a haunted house involves killing in dreams / Swimming pool
Name of a short story about a group of people who were given candy by a strange man when they were younger?
Sci-fi book featuring robot dogs in the jungle
Horror short story anthology from early 80s with spider story
Seeking title of sci fi book with 'bee camera' global paparazzi
Are "A Princess of Mars (1912)" & "At the Earth's Core (1914)" the same story?
Seeking title of sci fi book with male police clones 'Jerrys'
Name of R. Silverberg SF Short Story
Voyager episode Endgame - Future Janeway
H2G2 — Teleportation Also Results in Time Travel?
Why wasn't Glorfindel included in the Fellowship?
In The Wolverine, was Logan dreaming or was it real?
Does The Doctor have to be white?
Time traveller meets Shakespeare?
How large are the layers of the nine hells in the Forgotten Realms?
Were the Sith originally Called "The Damned?"
What is the significance of Flash's new suit at the end of Flashpoint Paradox?
How did Flash take care of the bomb?
In the Deep Space Nine Episode "Defiant", what was the dispute between Riker & O'Brien?
Novel series about space colonization and religion by (Star Wars EU author?)
What did Bronn do to the thieves?
How could Theon Greyjoy capture Winterfell with 20 men?
Is there a relationship between Stanley Steamer and any business?
In Pacific Rim, why aren't Jaegers pilots crushed by extreme accelerations?
Has there ever been an actor who has portrayed the Doctor, but was previously featured in the series as another character?
What 80's/90's TV episode has a man escape technology in the countryside, and another hunt him down?
What was the reason Buck Rogers was initially "lost in space" (in deep sleep) in the TV series pilot?
Were there any Lost Tribe of the Sith members not on Kesh after Apocalypse?
Help with title of an old Japanese anime about a quest involving magical creatures?
If the Namekians can "create" an extremely powerful dragon, why couldn't they help stop Buu?
I thought I was looking for William Gibson's Neuromancer, but I was wrong
Does R2-D2 have coin slots on its side?
is Lyall Lupin dead?
Why didn't the Third Hokage choose another successor after Minato died?
Did Mazer Rackham and Colonel Graff ever speak?
What was the vampire movie where the protagonist gets cow's blood?
Does the TOS episode "Tomorrow is Yesterday" feature a primitive replicator?
In Star Trek, how can a Federation World go through a famine?
A book from the 60s or 70s about a crashed spaceship and their colony
Old Han Solo and Chewbacca novels
How fast can the Galaxy class Starships go in reverse?
Is this revalation about Jean's connection to the Sobornost correct?
What do we know about the Protocol War?
What is Harrenhal?
Can Dracula die?
Are Schwarzenegger libraries fact or fiction?
Was the Second Doctor's "regeneration" actually a regeneration?
What is Benjen Stark's fate?
How did humans get to the planet?
Dark Tower Movie?
Are humans an ancient Kryptonian colony?
Is Black Widow genetically engineered or enhanced in Avengers?
When will the A Song of Ice and Fire series be completed?
Who should star in the Dark Tower movies?
Novel Identification (circa 1970s) archeologists find a star map
How did Fudge know that the Dementor tried to kiss Harry?
Movie: Grasshoppers from Space?
How do you keep a Jedi in jail?
In Deathly Hallows, why is Cho Chang still at Hogwarts?
Can Hogwarts prefects dock points or not?
In the film In Time how do those under 25 pay for goods and services?
"Last Human"-type story (possibly from Outer Limits or similar)
How does Starfleet describe its laws of robotics?
What are the metaphysics inherent to magic in the Game of Thrones series?
Trilogy Involving Time Travel and "Bugs" that Patrol Futuristic Highways
How is "spoiler" possible in "The Wolverine"?
Is it possible to combine spells?
Who are these superheroes?
How can Amadeus Cho use Hercules' mace without superhuman strength?
What is the relation of Zin with Hyatie in Tekken?
Why does Melisandre want to sacrifice Gendry?
Why does the computer have a human female voice?
Originals vs Donors in Never Let Me Go
Rules & Regulations Of Hogwarts School Of Witchcraft & Wizardary
In Star Trek: Voyager, why didn't Janeway just go back in time and use the Barzan wormhole?
How did Cyclops originally control his optic blasts?
In Inception why does the music played not slow down in each successive dream level?
Short Story-Experiment to hack metabolism via implant, patient escapes using keyboard to hack himself
Why didn't everybody apply to become a carer in Never Let Me Go?
Why didn't "Death" appear again?
How does Anton outwit Kostya?
Know any fallen angels?
Are The Doctor’s previous personalities preserved within each new incarnation?
Why does Goku become an adult when becoming Super Saiyan 4?
How did Smaug know about the treasure within Erebor?
Which OWLs did Fred and George Weasley achieve?
How did Wormtail come to be with the Weasleys?
Late 80s/early 90s DC Comics arc with Greek (and Roman?) gods involved?
Which "God" did Varys see and hear?
Why is the vice president arrested in Iron Man 3?
Why don’t Logan’s hands bleed when he pops his claws in The Wolverine?
What are the ages of the Stark children at the beginning of A Storm of Swords
How did R2D2 smuggle the lightsaber into Jabba's palace?
Did the Brightblade sword possess any magical properties?
70s/80s sci-fi movie or TV show set in space, with a hand-to-hand fight in an arena-type environment, that the bad guy seemingly won
Multiple implementations - Relations among elves
Are the penguins actually named Gunther?
Why don't more droids remove their restraining bolts?
What is a POV character in ‘A Game of Thrones’?
Is Yoda around during The Old Republic?
Where does 'Superman Unchained' fit in the current New 52 timeline?
Why do fantasy writers depict pointy hats as the headgear of choice for Witches and Wizards?
Children's fantasy book where two boys enter a parallel world through the principal's office where math and poetry were magic
1970s book where children pilot a dragonfly with virtual reality controls
Fantasy book where the "wizards" constructs their towers in their minds
Magic similar to psychic abilities, including hiding the group and starting fires
Movie or TV film - full story happen on a military starship,
What is the difference between anime and manga?
Roughly how many humans are there in the Star Trek universe?
book about astronaut who crashed on moon, finds species underground waging war
In the Dark Knight, why did Batman choose to save Harvey Dent, rather than Rachel Dawes?
In Star Trek, does the transporter conserve the momentum of transported objects?
Stargate - Destiny's Gate Address from Icarus base
Why didn't Dumbledore realise that Moody had been replaced?
Master Chief John-117 real face?
Is Flint’s “1812: The Rivers of War” in the “1632” Assiti Shards Universe?
Difference between elves and dwarves blacksmithing in the Lord of the Rings
Old short story about energy beings
Why did Paul Muad'Dib believe he wasn't in control of his legions?
Did anyone in the Rebel Alliance connect Luke Skywalker to Anakin Skywalker?
Short Story about Schoolchildren on Venus
Did Dr. Doom eventually find out that Thanos was watching over him?
Why doesn't Starfleet transporter-copy priceless artifacts or important people?
Why does the Enterprise-D almost never fire its secondary phasers?
Why do they worry about losing the Doctor (EMH)?
Which Enterprise model is the most technologically advanced?
Was Daenerys' Last Confrontation with Drogo magic or an illusion?
Where is the first instance of the Orange Lantern Oath?
What does the Indigo Tribe oath mean?
70s(?) movie with abandoned spaceship, onboard computer can answer simple questions, talks about "warning the bridge" when asked elaborate questions
In "X-Men Origins: Wolverine", why did Stryker want to apply adamantium to Logan?
Why didn't the Dead Men of Dunharrow continue to attack the Eye of Sauron?
Book where children trained in magic, fashioned aerial vehicles
Titles/author of book series on civilization destroying wave sweeping the galaxy
Short story book, one story about a teenage boy moth collector
Man from Earth kidnapped to less advanced sister planet where he fights and rides a giant bird
In The Thing, do assimilated victims know that they are Things?
Title of book with plot about double pregnancies in women
What Methods Are Used to Generate and Transfer Power to the Stargate?
Back to the Future : DeLorean Iced after Time Travel
Looking for story where weather control makes snow fall once in warm climate
Title of a book telling about people teleported to a hostile planet while in deep meditation
Name of a Scif-Fi/Fantasy book where space rescuers encounter vampires aboard a crashed ship
What is the origin of the concept of "reaping" souls?
Title of a book about living aboard a ship being consumed by fungus?
Any idea how to get hold of copies of the Legends of Lone Wolf Novels?
References to Monty Python's Holy Grail in A Song of Ice and Fire
Why didn't the other schools help Hogwarts?
Book search: earth cultures recreated on other planets, organization that rescues them
In Starcraft, are the Protoss inspired by anything special?
Why are Lannisters so rich?
How much time has passed between Twilight Watch and Last Watch?
How does Anton figure out that this person was one of the baddies?
Falling space debris defence systems in the Star wars universe
Has a Stanford torus ever been depicted in Star Wars canon?
Did Any Of The Aliens In The Independence Day Movie Survive Well Enough To Continue To Invade?
Term for tricks in literature
Movie with line "Remember the word Yahoo"
Two Gates Active Simultaneously on the Same World
If you want to read and understand storylines like "House of M" and "A vs. X" do you need to be an X Men fan for the most part?
80's young adult series about a quest to unlock gates
How Much Power Does It Take to Establish a Wormhole in the Stargate Franchise?
What movie features a human-controlled robot wearing a clown outfit?
Spell cast repeat
In ADWD, how did Arya kill her target?
If Haytham was a templar, then why the marking of the Creed on his hand armor?
What is Varys' endgame for the realm according to the show?
Is Orson Scott Card adding any more novels to the Ender's Game universe?
Sci-fi short story from the perspective of an unseen narrator talking to a person in a room (the World Trade Center and the letter Q don't exist)
Why couldn't Clara see future incarnations past the "11th" doctor?
Are all evil doers evil for the same reason?
How does Time work in Doctor Who?
How is it even possible that Martha became the Doctor's companion?
What Was the Rationale of the Ancients for Eliminating Manual Dialing of Pegasus Stargates?
Why do Stargates in the Destiny Network Show Instability When Looping on Themselves Through Time?
Is There a Difference Between Entering an Active Stargate on One Side Or The Other?
How fast could Shadowfax gallop?
With which spell did Harry Potter kill Voldemort?
Did Voldemort know that Harry saved Wormtail's life?
What would happen if cloaked Romulan warbirds tried to attack Earth?
Who is Shapoklyak and how did she reform?
How do they return to their own time in Twelve Monkeys?
Do they live under a dome, or inside a sphere?
What is the Smallest Distance Possible that Two Stargates Are Able To Dial One Another?
Book about crazy telekinesis guy
Seeking young adult anthology title
In T3: Why is there an apparent discrepancy in the Terminator's knowledge of human emotions?
Why did the Iron Man suits behave this way during the House Party Protocol?
Does the Augmented Reality on Marvel trade paperbacks work properly?
Artemis Fowl's Real Life IQ
Why didn't Melisandre produce Shadow demon from Gendry?
Short story about creatures living under stone ruins possibly in Western Australia
Why there is no 'heavy equipment' used by SGC / SG-teams?
What exactly did Aberforth Dumbledore do to the goats?
Is "The end of evangelion" similar to what "Evangelion 4.0" is supposed to be?
Evangelion: Where are the Angels coming from?
Looking for a book or movie about UFOs coming from a civilization living beneath the sea floor
Are there really some wars about werewolfs?
Man marooned on a planet with blind telepathic animals
What story has the protagonist stranded on a planet in a cave with a predator?
Why didn't the maggots kill Agent Charles Francis from Fringe?
How did the Romulans capture the Prometheus?
Is Lois Lane a member of the House of El?
80s UK TV show with women piloting a spaceship
Story Identification: Novel/Short Story set in space with a mesh-like satellite
Why did future John Connor bother to send the T-101 Terminator back?
Time-travelling woman becomes a successful baker in Germany
What did Yoda mean when he said "Strong am I in the Force, but not that strong"?
What do the flies represent?
The importance of the hybrid babies on BSG (RDM)
Was the character of Dumbledore in Harry Potter Gay?
How are the pilot children chosen in Evangelion?
Boy who can stop time by spreading his fingers
Is the force field in Dark City selective in nature?
How do the Star Trek com badges stay attached?
Who wrote about an energy free space elevator?
A Girl Who is a Magnicus (Summons Spirits and Absorbs Them Into Own Body)
Does the Halo universe have any aquatic vehicles?
What is the Golden Company?
Season 6 Finale: Has there been any information about this character's fate?
Where did the Minions come from?
Short Stories about the big crunch
Book(s) about warring families
What is the correct order for reading material of Isaac Asimov?
How could there be lightning if it was stolen?
How many languages can Han Solo understand?
What are the various fictional metals in the Marvel Universe?
Ways to reach Hogwarts school of witchcraft and Wizardry?
What story plans did George Lucas have for Obi-Wan killing Luke’s father?
Earliest science-fiction mention of space stations?
Are the mass properties of bobbles well defined?
Do ST:DS9 Changeling/Founders Regenerate Their Matter?
Did the Bene Gesserit have hard power in Dune?
In the movie Moon (2009 film), why doesn't Sam enhance his chances?
What were the humans in the tanks used for?
What did the "Big Three" think of each other's work?
Female wizard watching slow-motion snow
Who is this character, wearing a space suit with a big hole in the upper torso?
Why did Obi-Wan strike first against Vader?
Droid Memory Wipe
Why did Delacourt act the way she did toward the end of Elysium?
How did the Wildlings know that Ned Stark was dead?
Does Demosthenes' Hierarchy of Foreignness have a real world root?
Is Percy Jackson and Sea of Monsters movie is more faithful to the first movie or to the corresponding book?
How did Princess Cadence rule over the Crystal Empire if it had vanished?
Is it possible to journey to the center of the Earth as described by Jules Verne?
Are there any Known Space works I should read before Man-Kzin Wars?
Is there a full directed graph for suggested order of reading of all Known Space books/stories?
Are the slugs a single entity? How are decisions made?
How exactly are the slugs analogous to communists?
What are the main World of Warcraft books?
The Witch-king vs Gandalf
Book Title ID- Asteroid with Time Traveling Tunnel?
What are the Therns motivations?
What happened to Voldemort's wand after the last book, and does Harry own it now?
Which of Heinlein's books involve anti-communist sentiment?
Blonde Vulcans in Star Trek?
Is the nature of the Vulcan/Romulan divide biological or political?
How do the time loops work in Fringe Season 4 episode "And Those We've Left Behind"
Where did the griffins go in Phaze?
Why "hide" Luke from his father somewhere Anakin knows?
Why did Gleep almost fry Tanda?
Is There Any Definitive List of Revisions and Retcons in the Star Wars Movies?
Why did Dumbledore insist that Voldemort had to be the one to "kill" Harry?
Borg assimilation of non-sapients
What did Dudley hear when attacked by the Dementors?
What does the blue pill in The Matrix actually do?
Did the Ring Bearers and Gimli die in Valinor?
Is it possible to kill a Weeping Angel?
"Pink pulps" on a high-gravity planet
What were the W.O.M.B.A.T questions on Rowling's old site?
When do Salarians mature?
In S01E06, why do they slide in different locations?
Where does the girl from episode 15 end up in the next episode?
How does the seeding of life work in Prometheus?
What was the reason to change the character names in the English version of Xenoblade Chronicles compared with the Japanese version?
Which other movies are "in canon" with The Wolverine?
Lost episode with a shark and the numbers
Did the 5 year mission begin and end with Kirk in command?
What is Fauxlivia guilty of in the revised timeline of Season 4?
How would have Chakotay sharing his experiences from "Shattered" violate the Temporal Prime Directive?
What happens if someone dies while wearing the One Ring?
Do Daleks Breathe?
Why did Professor X smile before being killed by the Phoenix?
Is Wedge Antilles related to Captain Antilles?
How is the movie adaptation of R.I.P.D. different from the comic?
What is the difference between the glamors used by Melisandre and the Faceless Men?
Why didn't govt. consider nuking Terraforming Machines with Nuclear Weapons?
How can S-foils (X-foils) help with heating in space?
How do the Amazons of Themyscira know English?
Are dwarfs born with beards?
In "Whispers", is O'Brien's coffee order significant?
Book where humans have explored a lot of the universe without finding life
Why is Arwen dying?
Book where girl can grow nails and might be a thief
What did Superman do to Lois to fix her fatal wound?
How did Hermione catch Rita Skeeter?
What type of addressing does Tony Stark use in Iron Man 3?
How many Balrogs did it take to defeat Fëanor?
Is the way they stop the bomb in Fringe season 4 episode "Forced Perspective" real or sci-fi
Does The Hulk need oxygen to survive?
What is at (0,0) of the Star Trek quadrant system?
Why did Starfleet begin to aggressively search distant quadrants of space?
Is there a transcript of Uhura's conversation with the Klingons?
Who hired Nick Stavrianos in the first place in Greg Egan's Quarantine?
How does Iceman dissipate heat?
How do people exit an airlock from the Defiant to DS9?
Projection of consciousness into artificial ants
Why did Lindsay drown in the submersible?
In the movie Sunshine, lack of air becomes an issue
Why aren't the herds of zombies on the sea floor destroyed by pressure or scavengers?
What paradox was Walter Bishop's plan supposed to avert in the series finale of Fringe?
Why does Tony Stark ask to recalibrate the ISDN on the mobile van?
Don Quixote is magically time warped into the modern era
Godzilla like creature vs. a giant robot
Why does Logan remember WWII in The Wolverine?
Why was Melkor aka Morgoth created without a female counterpart?
SF book where an alien race transports a human to set up trade with other races
How do Horcruxes work?
Story where a 0 - law of robotics is introduced (the good of humanity)
How did Charlie's friend get past Hogwarts' protections?
Was Argus Filch's cat, Mrs. Norris, a transmogrified human or an Animagus?
What is the size of Mobile Infantry in "Starship Troopers"?
Are 2 boot camps for Mobile Infantry really enough to staff all of MI in the world of Starship Troopers?
How long was the boot training at Camp Currie?
Identify this novel: youngsters psychologically tested for abilities/profession, hero wants to author the tests, society uses moving walkways
Why was a white actor chosen to play the President in Iron Man 3?
Series with a book called Quest, about a sisterhood
Does The Dark Knight Returns fit into the DCAU continuity set up by Bruce Timm?
Story about aliens discovering cave art
When did Batman get a Green Lantern Power Ring?
Did Valentine Get the Real Mortal Cup at the End of City of Bones?
Officer's Name In Women In Black
What happened to Rand's adopted mother?
If Shinzon of Remus had succeeded, what would he have done next?
Can the genetic codex from Man of Steel still be used in the future?
What is the Phantom Zone?
Why did Zod age?
Does the Dragon Reborn remember all of his past lives after The Gathering Storm?
Are the Na'vi vegetarian?
How could Argus Filch clean up the whole castle by himself without magic?
Is there a special title for someone who achieves "Tsaheylu" with a thanator?
Help identifying a cyberpunk novel from the early 90s?
Who are the two people that look like Baltar and 6 at the end of the series?
Story Identification: Were-animals/shifters lead by human alpha/leader?
Do the pendants wirelessly supply power to nearby devices?
How many Jedi were there at the time of the purge?
Is Clara Oswald biologically related to Susan Foreman and/or The Doctor?
Why was Mundungus banned from the Hog's Head?
Series following a lone adventurer named Grey Wolf
Fantasy novel featuring a female lead with a skeleton and chimera characters
Trilogy where the last book features a man whose arm has been cut off
Sci-fi novel set on an ocean planet with genetically modified aquatic humans and terraforming process
Can someone identify and list the actors in the preview for The Fall of Five?
What was the first science fiction work to use "credits" as currency?
Novel about a war between the Americans and Russians in Antarctica?
Why do some references in Dune mention the scope as just the galaxy and others the entire universe?
Was Gaius Baltar a Cylon?
Short story about amphibious species
Post-apocalyptic film, Steve McQueen, frozen world?
Why does Dr. Jenner seem to behave like he has more than a day left to survive?
Stark to Killian - Serious? Or messing with him?
How do pegasi move clouds in My Little Pony: Friendship in Magic?
What exactly was the relationship between The Vision and Wonder Man?
Five people control an element each and are in a competition
Children’s books, one in space setting, the other in a jungle
Is there any connection between all the psychopaths called Morgan?
In Deathly Hallows, why did they have to wear Slytherin's locket?
Gundam episode with scientists sealed in outer space, oxygen turned off
I'm looking for an older Sci-Fi short story, about a river creature who kills a boy to study him
Where did the reference of banana and cookie come from?
Why doesn't General Monroe use other means to intimidate Georgia?
Do I need to watch the Gundam series in order to not be lost?
WW2 submarine yarn with 10 or 12 "Bermuda" type triangles
YA short story about crowd control terrorism with black an white images, set in elementary school, part of anthology
Pleasure bots as population control
Wizard with extended lifespan, name starts with N and translates as “no-one”
Why did the Universal Translator fail to decipher Gorn?
Can't remember sci-fi novel with loner female cargo pilot carrying contraband technology
Louis Wu and Bey Shaeffer
Name of book about a man who was genetically modified during prehistoric times by aliens
Fantasy book about a knight that saves a woman in tower
What short story has an Earthman earning Galactic credits as royalties for a book?
Where did Umbridge get a new wand?
Book about face on Mars
Book series about a boy who runs away from his walled city and finds his sister in a hidden city in the wasteland outside
How does Vader know that escape is not Obi-Wan's plan?
Why was Spock actively participating in the act to stop the volcano?
Do any of the other "Mane Six" have surnames?
Book on aliens on mars
In Iron Man 1, what did the computer in the cave do?
Do adult witches and wizards retain their familiars once they graduate Hogwarts?
1980s book about a man who glows green, and can use magic based upon how long his mom was in labor?
Any artists' concepts of Moties published in 20th Century?
Was the area outside of Chester's Mill destroyed or not?
Why could the Connors not just pick another alias?
Looking for a movie about a civilization that has to take a drug to withstand radiation
Why doesn't Cortexiphan kill William Bell in the Fringe Season four finale
Why do Panserbjørns speak English?
Fantasy novel about coping with a plague
Short story about a sculptor who finds the key to beauty
What demons are associated with electricity surges in Supernatural?
Generational ship loses power/gravity in space, and inhabitants forget purpose of mission
Book about a boy and future earth?
Why don't people in Storybrooke turn back to themselves?
Does Rubeus Hagrid know about non-monster Animals?
Help ID a 70s-era SF novel: post-eco-disaster, psychic forces
Where is this source from in Star Wars?
Did Hagrid breed the blast-ended skrewt?
AI story recognition: protagonist turns out to be computer in the end
Why was it necessary to frame the main character in Minority Report?
Why does Ring need to kill Trent?
Was Kyle Reese always John Connor's father?
Did Darth Vader ever return to Tatooine?
Short Story or Book set in the post-nuclear world where main character wears sunglasses
Does Jack Harkness "need" to eat?
Why does Gwen need to learn to use a hand gun?
What stops Skynet from just sending later cyborgs back to the same time they sent the first terminator?
I'm looking for a book series about a Queen that time travels to save her people
In the Alien universe, were other extra-terrestrials encountered before The Alien?
90's TV show where a team of scientists bring their recently deceased friend back to life
Is the name "Orell" related to the Russian word for "eagle"?
In the BBC Merlin finale, when he loses this does he also lose this?
How does time travel really work in The Terminator Universe
1950s film about a small black box which teleports him to other worlds
What 90s show features a girl going through a portal in the woods and meeting a werewolf?
Why did the clones' blaster color change?
What book features people living in a tree who move up it in a bubble?
How do Harry and Hermione get back their wands in "Order of the Phoenix"?
Does the present-day part of Men in Black 3 take place in 2008?
Who wrote the Spider chapters in A Deepness in the Sky?
Book where different sectors of space had a different set of physics/laws
YA book with Umbra organization
Collection of short stories with various theories about time travel
Does lightning still occur after the blackout?
Who taught Ginny Weasley Bat-Bogey hex?
Article about a future in which Virgin monopolised most big companies
Why didn't Malfoy's wand pass its allegiance to Ginny?
Does the slug vomit charm create life?
Why doesn't Hulk's ablilities affect Bruce?
Short story about a scope. The owner discovers he can spy on neighbours' apartments through it, but he drops and breaks it
Was the fact that the foreign schools were non-coed important?
Is Karkaroff's first name (Igor) an allusion to Frankenstein?
Why is the book called John Dies at the End?
In Twilight, is the soul of a vampire condemned to hell?
Earth people, taken to another planet for testing and fighting against four aliens
Why are AI systems almost always feminine?
Early 90's scifi cartoon - Boy under a purple dome with a 'mic' and an animal
Why don't the Mogs bring Five and Six together to break the spell of protection
Is there any significance to the speed of release of a lightsaber?
How did Vanellope von Schweetz's name get identified in the contestant's board?
Rhodes able to use armor without Arc Reactor?
Virus Intelligence, a Dog and her Boy
Real Time Machine
Can Wolverine build muscle mass?
Is it ever explained why Harry didn't realize Mrs. Figg is part of the magic world?
Is there a significance to Klingon brow ridges?
Who in the Potterverse manages to do magic only quite late in life?
Was every version of Batman in Ellis' "Planetary" a reference to other comic artists?
In Moon, what would the rescue unit have done to Sam?
Do Imperial Space Marines ever retire?
Who plays MacGyver in the Stargate universe?
Is there a retaliatory aspect to the devices used in Harrison Bergeron?
How did Ursula K. LeGuin come up with the word "ansible"?
What does a geared city look like?
Identify sci-fi story about repeated alien invasions
Superman computes pi
Can you tell my robot to kill itself? (Three Laws)
What short story features an alien blob in bed and a guy who became its lover?
How did the idea of a Tunguska meteor strike being of extraterrestrial alien nature develop in SciFi?
short story about a man who wakes to find that time is running very slowly, but then time speeds up
How does Riddick sense the change in the weather means trouble?
Children's book series: alternative world, metal woven into clothes for warmth
Why does Magneto not exhaust himself? Where does he get his energy from?
How to play Thud!?
If you were to attempt to kill Voldemort, would that destroy one of his Horcruxes?
Why did Dumbledore hire Lockhart?
How do Centurion warsuits fit into existing fluff?
Batman foreseeing Green Arrow's rant, what arc is that?
Klingon evolution of Koloth
How did the curse on the DADA job work?
In Wolverine Origins, couldn't wolverine just cut away the flesh surrounding the cut made by the Muramasa and regenerate?
To what extent is VALIS autobiographical?
Book where main character is a mercenary and there are flashbacks about a sandbox
Identify Dog-eat-dog society story
Can Muggles ride broomsticks?
Who is the Magistrate?
Scifi (probably short story) about an emergency response crew on a futuristic highway system
Identify anime with island floating in the sky
If Harry is NOT Voldemort's horcrux, will Voldemort resurrect from that part of soul if all his other horcruxes are destroyed
What is the functional effect of splitting one's soul?
Why were they kidnapped in the first place?
What happens to Girdie?
Why couldn't she have told her minder about Clarke's note or simply called the police?
In the Harry Potter universe, why aren't there more maps enchanted like the Marauder's Map?
Why didn't the Order inform the Ministry about Thicknesse's turning?
Why could they not make bullets without power?
Was Voldemort intending to create a horcrux when he attacked Harry Potter?
Was Voldemort a Sociopath?
When does the Doctor actually tell River his name?
What was the point in the Silence trying to kill the Doctor when Clara saves him anyway?
What were the details of the claim that "Highlander: The Source" events were just a dream?
Star Trek: transporter as a weapon/defense
Teen fiction, 2 boys find a boat burial
Do Lannisters always pay their debts?
70's sci-fi book where the Earth has become so polluted, people wear gas masks outside; scientists find a temporary fix by expanding the atmosphere
Name of a short story with a telepathic man and cats
Why must "either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives"?
Did The Prophecy become true?
What do we know about the death of Tyrion's High Septon?
What is happening at a specific part in Harry Potter - The Deathly Hallows?
How many Dwarves are left in Middle Earth?
Who are the Dread Masters?
Which late-nineties TV show had a woman fighting for the safety of an alien man she loved?
Why are benders (generally) designated to specific areas?
Force throw defense
Why didn't Harry Potter just touch every bad guy he met?
Do authors ever create conflicting canon to irk fussy fans?
Short story about Jesus' resurrection actually being an alien beamed down into his cave
In Season 8 Why are Demons immune to holy water?
What's the movie where this guy finds that his world is simulated and tries to find those simulating it?
Is Goku's power limited in Dragonball?
Is there any more media in the Firefly/Serenity universe?
Out-of-control starship results in some crew members landing in a rebirthed universe?
I'm desperately looking for a 90s horror children's short story collection
Was the unnamed techie in Dredd a cyborg?
Is the "20 seconds to comply" line from Dredd a deliberate homage to the ED-209 from Robocop?
What are the towers of midnight
Looking for a post-apocalyptic movie about a man who is alone after an 'event'
Telepaths with different abilities, wind up on moon
Why did Queen Amidala have to raise the vote of no confidence?
When is it established that Wolverine's Adamantium cannot be affected by heat?
Why is John Crichton so insanely rude in season 2 of Farscape?
What kind of long term effects would Voldemort's soul have had on Harry?
Can the Doctor do more with his Sonic Screwdriver?
Why can only a person of the bloodline of Shannara use the sword?
Trying to find the name of a book - dystopian sci-fi
One stop solution to stay up to date with new releases in SF & F
Is there a definitive source that explains the reason for the lost primarchs?
Clash of Kings: Why didn't Arya reveal who she was?
What did Lady Johanna ask of Dream?
Can Aang (or Korra) make a non-bender into a bender?
Searching for movie similar to Children of Men
"The Man Who Could Have Had Love" - at least that's how I remember the title
Sci Fi short story about an alien invasion where the twist is that the invaders are human?
What happened to Barris Offee after her trial?
What would have happened if Snape had died in absence of Harry
DS9: The Romulans in the Dominion war
She was quite decent; what happened to Barris Offee?
What was the URL for the Ready Player One competition website?
How was the Enterprise C model chosen on the D observation lounge?
What's the connection between the deep ones and the Cult of the Sleeper in the Pyramid?
Why does the original Robocop trailer have the Terminator theme music?
Looking for a short story about an artist who went crazy when evil creatures pierced his eye
Did Merope's love potion have anything to do with the fact that Voldemort doesn't love?
What is the translucent green sun-dial looking thing in the vase/head chamber in Prometheus?
Short story about genius kids who disappear and run into trouble in another dimension?
Title of novelette where human race divided into those with skin symbiote and those without
A story about a kid who befriends an AI and communicates with via pocket calculator?
A story about kids who have magnetic powers
Kipling’s Aerial Board of Control stories
Have any Avatars been shown to employ the sub-techniques of the four elements? (Metal bending, blood-bending, lightning generation, etc)
Title of 60s/70s TV story of a man who goes to a town hidden by fog
Did the Skrulls actually precipitate any of the events leading up to the famous Civil War (and nearby) story-arcs?
Why did Michael step off the monorail at the end of the Fringe episode "The Boy Must Live"?
Short story involving assassination by toy
In which Fringe episode did Walter enter the wrong house and slept there for three days?
How was the air in the movie After Earth Contaminated?
Racial composition of Star Fleet
Looking for a SF story regarding women growing things in their wombs
80s Sci-Fi book about kid who fails magic test / woman martial artist (The Nin?) who leads revolt
What (if any) is the symbolism of the Bajoran emblem?
I want to speak the Goa'uld language, where to get started?
In Flashpoint Paradox how was Thawn in the alternate universe?
How did the Dynamic Duo go from wearing civilian clothes at the top of the Batpole to wearing their costumes at the bottom?
Is the TV series The Secret Circle a faithful reproduction of the book series
Identify this Indian comics with two protagonist fight with supernatural beings
What planets or moons in the Solar system are Class M?
What's the fourth Star Trek movie?
SF story about a blood-drinking but harmless alien and a boy
Which older SF book pits a space being against a world?
What are the sequels/prequels to X-Wing book series?
What should I do if I want to cover 100% of Star Wars EU but don't want to play the games?
What do the magical psychology tests reveal about Dumbledore?
What canon evidence is there that Stormtroopers are/are not still clones?
How are the candidates for the Hugo Award for best editor evaluated?
What 50's/60's TV or movie show featured a belt-mounted force-field?
Looking for a 70s/80s YA Fantasy Quest Novel with a Reluctant Heroine in a Celtic-like Culture
Why did the wampa put Luke Skywalker upside down in the ice cave on Hoth?
Elemental novel where a boy discovers he has the power over fire and later over all elements
What is the Herb used by Oliver Queen
Jedi is to Padawan as Sith Lord is to?
How is it that neither of the Doctors knew what to do in the end of Time Crash?
Is Roo based on Soros?
YA novel with a rediscovery of healing magic?
Was Tolkien's "round-world version" really his definitive view of Arda?
Female alien protagonist farms humans and crashes car in Britain
What is the price of silver in True Blood?
Does Spider-Man use secreted web or web cartridges?
Are these images of Nicolas Cage as Superman real?
Sci-fi story about a TV that works across time
Show with a swarm of self-replicating robot spiders attempting to take over a starship
Can it be true that Panserbjørnes don't have daemons and have no afterlife?
When did Dooku find out about Palpatine/Sidious?
Boy born in space needing to somersault and spin to counteract earth's rotation
Alien psychic kid passing as human
Did J.K.Rowling always consider Dumbledore gay?
Did Dumbledore have a model?
Watching "Gravity" reminded me of a short story I read in the 60s, but can't place now
Was Ender retrovirally altered?
Were there hints in Card's Shadow series that Ender's parents were genetically enhanced?
Who's really stronger Dumbledore or Voldemort?
Short, humorous medieval-era fantasy TV show
How exactly did Eragon learn to beat Arya in Inheritance?
What is the difference in Admiral Pike's Rank insignia and Capt Kirk's in Star Trek Into Darkness
SciFi story from before 1976 that involves multiple dimensions
Why do ships need shields in "Star Trek"? Doesn't warp protect them already?
Fantasy series from the 80s about a world governed by a book of laws
"The Rat Race" Young Adult, 1970's really smart mice and rats
Was the Cantina music deliberately off-tune or just an artifact of cheap production?
What happened to the Espheni ships and the technology they brought with them?
How did the Prometheus crew know where to land?
How was JARVIS created?
What spells/powers can a war wizard use?
What book had a prison planet with people able to communicate with living rock?
On what kind of media are the lost (and now recovered!) Doctor Who episodes stored?
What is the tallest terrestrial building/arcology that is not also a space elevator?
1970's sci fi, time travel and drug addiction possibly e van vogt?
Trying to find a Scifi comedy short about time travel / meeting yourself from the future
Sci-fi book: spaceman on mission to asteroid belt - 70s? 80s?
Book: The main protagonist is transformed into one of the non-humanoid aliens
What is this older fantasy for young adults about musical spheres?
What is the name of short story about alien contact after crashing on an asteroid?
Since the 'New 52' reboot, are there any characters in DC comics that are not neurotypical such it could be considered a handicap (ie, not eidetic)?
Was "Merlin's beard!" an invention of Rowling's?
How accurate is hacking in science fiction movies?
Book from decades ago about coming of age on a spaceship
How did Roderick Burgess capture Dream instead of Death?
Why are there so many spiders in space?
Has there ever been a video game based on Flash Gordon?
Book that had a ring (or jewelry) that allowed wearer to see the future
Are there any creatures, species, races, or objects in Middle Earth that Tolkien totally invented?
Origin of Vaapad?
What inspired the Kaiju's design?
How will Death of the Endless die?
In the Star Wars Universe, where do droids get their personality?
Was the warehouse at the end of Raiders based on any real-life equivalent?
Is there an easter egg in the credits of Robocop?
Star Wars RotJ: why was the Executor chosen as a target?
What are the relations between Hogwarts Houses, outside of Gryfindor/Slytherin enmity?
How is Mary Malone "the serpent"?
How does a Jaeger balance on its pair of feet?
Is there a missing episode season 3 of farscape which was referenced in season 4?
trying to identify a book about humans living inside giant plants.
What children's TV show had a boy recruited by an organisation because he was the best at a computer game?
How do I address someone with a term that is the opposite of Jedi?
Short Science Fiction story, told in a series of letters
Why did Ser Gregor kill Ser Hugh?
Military sci-fi book: humans forced to demilitarize by alien race(s?), warship with efficient distributed AI system reconditioned for exploration
Help I an trying to find a series of books i read as a kid from the 60's/70's or even 80's
Where is Nyjora?
Harry Potter spell languages?
Title of young adult Fantasy book where character changes gender
Which story featured an orphan raised by a wizard who gets a sword from a skeleton on a throne?
Why was Abin Sur near planet Earth when he was attacked?
Book Identification: Story set on 'abandoned' spaceship with an A.I. over crackly loudspeakers
Clara wants to feed a zombie head? Why?
What's the difference between faries and pixies?
Why is the Realm of Men not amicable with the Wildings?
In The Walking Dead, how is Herschel walking without crutches?
Short story, 50`s or early 60`s, Alien starship arrives speaking obsolete commercial cable code
Decapitated Zombie heads active or dead?
Looking for book based on some kind of gravity or launching grid
Name of a 50's/60's B-movie where people are trapped in a supermarket with tentacled monsters in the fog outside.
Name of short story written (I believe) in the 1950's about a man who builds a listening device that can hear the scream of rose flowers when cut
Drilling machine in Star Trek
How did the Bugs in Starship Troopers launch the Asteroids towards earth?
Hillbilly-type family with supernatural powers
What actually happens to Superman when he is exposed to kryptonite?
How was this character in season 4 - episode 1 of The Walking Dead infected?
looking for a sci fi cartoon (american) from late 80s early 90s
Why do they only have lasers defending the Red Queen chamber?
What material is Thor's hammer made of?
Who said "Rats, giant mutant rats?"
How can Professor Crater recognize the M-113 creature
Which books influenced the game Halo?
What should happen when Captain America's shield and Thor's hammer strike each other?
End-of-humanity SF
Is there a way to reconcile Janeway's behaviour after having left the anomalous void?
Man undergoes cryonic suspension, through multiple millennia. Has a redhead girl friend and they reunite in each age
Who are the two witnesses in Sleepy Hollow?
What book did Philip K. Dick dedicate to Heinlein?
When exactly did Saruman start working for Sauron?
How was Duncan with Paul at Sietch Tabr?
How high can the Hulk jump?
Is the Death Star the only weapon of mass destruction?
Can the Hulk's healing overcome supernatural afflictions?
The BuffyVerse - highest 'hit rate' for ensoulled killers
Which species has dominanted the univese for the longest in star wars
Where was the queen in alien when they went onto the crashed ship?
Is there any Agents of SHIELD and Thor: The Dark World crossover?
If Boromir hadn't died, would they have gone to Gondor and not Rohan?
How did Catherine Weaver (T-1001) stop an explosion fire?
Later in the movies Harry Potter was able to just flick his wand and cast a spell but earlier they had to say the spell to and then flick their wand?
Why did Neo fly to save Morpheus?
Iron Man 3: Mandarin's Captain America Tattoo
What material was the stargate made of?
Why does the leader of the Ringwraiths call himself the Witch-king?
Sci-fi story where a pilot transfers his consciousness into his ship and explores the territory of an "enemy" alien race
What does the title of Charlie Stross's "Halting State" refer to?
Does Neo have the same abilities within the Construct program as he does in the Matrix?
Dark Tower Series question about breakers
Were Frodo and Sam friends before Gandalf task Sam to look after Frodo?
Voyager: Quantum slipstream drive for Starfleet
Why / For what purpose do the Na'Vi have tails?
Why aren't the Xindi referred to anywhere other than Enterprise?
Since Kirk found Khan much later in the series, how did he get revived early in the movie?
What was Sidious' plan before the Clone Army showed up? Conquering the galaxy with the Separatists?
Effectiveness of capital ships vs. fighters in Star Wars
How is the Wizarding World separated from the Muggle World?
Seeking to find a children's scifi series from mid-1980s
Are there stairs on the Enterprise-D?
What actually happens when adamantium strikes adamantium?
Seeking SF short story in which two people swallowed by ectoplasmic blob then start to individuate
Why did the Ministry of Magic allow Tom Riddle to be in a muggle orphanage?
Book where boy/girl teleport/time travel with device that uses mobius strip
Short story: temporal paradox caused by experiment ends world
How does this jaeger remain unaffected by the EMP blast?
Why are all the messages in Ender's game uppercase
Are there studies gauging the popularity of zombies in popular culture?
Is Shinji omnipotent during third impact
How does Cupid's arrow affect the storyline?
ID all the clips in Samsung commercial?
Fantasy about three magical descendants/ children with different powers fighting with each other
The Princess Who Lived with Dragons?
How could Orcs survive in subterranean settings?
How can Wan's history be reconciled with legend?
The Muggles of King's Cross and their suspicion of Hogwarts students
Who is the Marvel masked hero in the picture?
An early 90s TV series in which aliens set up embassies on Earth
Identifying a short story about time travel and paradoxes
Title of book about people drifting in a spaceship, unaware their DNA is being used to keep the population stable
What was the name of the helping alien race in The Fifth Element?
Alien Quote, "We are human"
Help identify fantasy novel about a wizard slandered/libeled as Don Quixote
Identify Story: 60's or 70's novella about last man alive taken care of by robots
Effect of the Tenth Doctor’s regeneration on the TARDIS
How did the escape pods travel back through The Breach in Pacific Rim?
Does Michonne ever reveal who her pet walkers were?
ID this story: aliens test Earthling children for psychic powers
Humans from Venus coming to Earth discover their own past
Identify 80s(?) YA novel. Technology is from legendary past, seen as cursed, magic is accepted. Female protagonist
Why is Gordon Freeman recognized as a legendary hero in Half Life 2?
What are all the R.I.P.D. comics currently available?
Why do dogs bark in the presence of Terminators?
In X-men, how is Professor X able to find new mutants?
Magneto's helmet is made up of what material?
Why is no mutant from X-men series a member of S.H.I.E.L.D?
What is the name of a sci-fi movie where an alien vehicle collects sample of living beings on different planets?
Was Thor putting the Helicarrier in danger by dropping his hammer on floor?
What are weird blue & red orbs on the bridge of the Cygnus in Disney's The Black Hole?
Should I read R.I.P.D. "City of the Damned" comic before or after watching the movie? the original comic?
How to explain the ages of Valentine and Peter in Ender's game
Looking for the title to a cyberpunk book from 80-90's that mentioned Jesus was a terrorist
Were the lion-turtles energybending?
Are these scientific breakthroughs present in Star Wars canon?
looking for early 2000's sci fi youth fiction set in future, kids have mental powers that let them simulate war
Zombies: why are they so fast in recent movies?
what is the atomic number of URU element found in Asgard?
In Iron Man, when Obadiah removes the arc reactor, why does Tony start to bleed from around the socket?
What is Skynet's ultimate goal after defeating the resistance?
Why did "Face of Boe" die?
In Ender's Game, how was the Third Invasion successful?
Description of the martial art Sumito?
Are they going to make a 7th Star Wars movie?
How is it possible that Abra was 3 "when the colony was founded"?
Could General Grievous be a Sith?
Was Dr. Manhattan able to travel through time?
Is the Hulk technically a mutant?
Are boggarts able to take the form of abstract fears?
Was Earth the only planet used as a garbage dump by the Buy & Large corporation?
Title of novel about amateur scientist who discovers Earth's magnetic field changes orientation
What kind of animal is Gru's pet Kyle?
Title of story about human astronauts who crash on an alien planet with lizard-like humanoids
What happened to the battle droids after The Revenge of the Sith?
Story about parallel dimension travelling with an artificial intelligence
S.H.I.E.L.D. Parole Bracelets
What do they do with all the plates and cups in Star Trek?
are the clones still good or are they not? would they go back with the Jedi?
What happened to General Grievous's body in Revenge of the Sith?
Was Dumbledore's Phoenix the only Phoenix in Potterverse?
Did Stark already have a design of an arc reactor in mind?
Why do the minions always wear goggles?
A name of a short story where appliances are smart
In Pacific Rim what is keeping the ocean from rushing into the breach
Could Vaatu's release create a second Avatar?
How can Captain America survive a skydive without a parachute?
are they going to make the 4th movie of transformers
How were bullets able to dent Captain America's Shield?
Why doesn't the Mos Eisley Cantina allow droids?
Is Loki responsible for the division between Avengers when they were all on Helicarrier?
What ever happened to the Free People Of Earth?
Are there any stories of demons gone good?
Why can't the Doctor visit Gallifrey?
Why didn't the Doctor see the Time War coming?
Would a boggart-basilisk kill someone?
Why is Parseltongue not taught?
Why is Harley Quinn not in The Dark Knight?
Sci fi movie where time freezes
How did Victor Creed become Sabertooth, and can he heal from injuries like this?
I'm looking for a book from the 70's or older where a man inherits a computer from his uncle
How many photon torpedos can an Ambassador-class starship’s shields withstand?
What is somatic reconditioning and what does it do to a Kryptonian?
What are the roles of Brennan and Spiletto during Damien's birth?
Why don't the people in The Walking Dead use more disguises?
Question about a short story about Martian people on Earth at the time of the Neanderthal
When (in which year) is Robocop set?
Could the Avatar cycle be ended via genocide?
Why didn't Hari Seldon consider if Laskin Joranum had radiation therapy?
What are the differences between Ender's Game Book/Film
I am trying to find the title to a Time Travel SF short story
Why can't The Doctor save his own planet from destruction?
What book features a kid who becomes a swashbuckler in a MMORPG?
Black and white movie about astronauts finding a "too perfect" planet; has a graveyard with their helmets on crosses
Human visits aliens with advanced hearing and culture with heavy emphasis on music
What is the significance Superman's suit?
In the movie Avatar, mountains were floating on their own but vehicles needed engines to fly, why?
After how much time does Spider-Man's web decompose?
Can Superman reverse time in comics by flying faster than speed of light?
Did Harry ever make use of his Occlumency lessons
Which, originally non-English, work has the widest reception in English SF?
In Toy Story 2, why could the new Buzz Lightyear not breathe normally?
Short story about a girl who lost/replaced her personality
Frequency of Warp Core Ejections
Shouldn't the rope fall kill those attempting to escape The Pit?
Which vampire movie starts out showing a staked skeleton, then shows the internal organs reforming around the stake?
Why was the compromised ship last to jump in episode 1 of BSG?
Why didn't Orko try saying his spells in reverse? - He-Man
Why do precogs shiver before they make any prediction?
Abducted children, psychic training
In the Dresden Universe, does hurting (but not killing) a mortal with magic go against the laws?
Isn't Inception’s concept taken from The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest?
Is there any hint of of the first Wizarding War being an international event?
A builder of metal birds who lived in a tower; post-apocalyptic world with people scavenging for old technology
A novel about a man left behind by his family's spaceship who helps discover a warp drive
Possibly a 80s horror comic question
Identify Short Story (Harlan Ellison, I think)
What enabled Echo to become a full person?
Why do Klingons in ENT look different than in TOS?
Questions on ending of Thor: The Dark World
Is murder a necessity to detach your soul?
What EXACTLY cause Voldemort's soul piece to split off when he killed Lily and tried to kill Harry?
SF Book about a princess from a magic world
Mars needs water and women
Was the Federation a sexist society during TOS?
Why was the Doctor not sent back into the Time War if the Master was sent back in the end of time part 2?
Why does Daniel show up when Cluracan creates his nemesis?
Is the age that Kirk becomes Captain different in TOS and the reboot film?
Why did a time paradox occur in Father's Day?
In the “Spinner’s End” chapter in Half-Blood Prince, how does Bellatrix miss this?
How did the I.F. know where the Formic world was after the Second Invasion?
If agents can move into and out of any thing connected to their system, how are they unable to "move into" the free people jacked in wirelessly?
Story in which a man gets executed because of a bureaucratic mix-up
Why is Ender so shocked at the end?
Floating glove scene in Man of Steel. What does it mean?
Time Travel story about a boy, girl and a talking Time Travelling talisman
fantasy or sci-fi, A boy with mental powers story
Novel from the 80's about aliens taking over earth and human resistance
Trying to find an old offbeat scifi/fantasy book title
Do gods exist in A Game of Thrones?
A book that describes 7 layers of existence, we are living in the 3rd one and we know heaven as the 5th
YA novel from pre-1980 set on the moon in which a boy is rescued by space gypsies
Could Vader Have Become Strong Enough In The Force To Leave The Suit?
Movie where a man is decapitated by a helicopter
Why did Clark go to Nevada?
Where can I learn more about this creepy diary?
An alien tries to stop war by disabling weapon technologies
Is SCP-173 just as vulnerable as normal concrete, or less?
Looking for the title of a sci-fi novel about an alien who crash lands on earth and the mysterious fuel required to restart her spaceship?
Shifter book series with the alpha's daughter as the main character through out the series
Please identify sci-fi movie by scene description
Need SciFi book title: kidnapped human (hitman), Neanderthal
Identify a short story with a professor and matter dispersion device
Why are there so many technologically similar civilizations in the Star Trek universe?
What happened to Ashoka Tano after she left the Jedi Order?
How come the Green kryptonite didn't kill baby Clark on the way to Smallville?
Who was the person during the credits of Thor: The Dark World
Why can't September directly go to 2167 and talk to Dr.Oslo instead of coming back to 2015 and interact with Dr.Walter?
Could Harry have died a natural death while he was a kind-of-Horcrux, and what would become of the part that Voldemort had to kill him?
Who did, or how was the horcrux-cave basin re-filled with the potion after Kreacher drank it for R.A.B?
Looking for a sci fi story I read long ago, about a radionucleonic man
How did R.A.B get to know about Voldemort's Horcruxes?
How old was Dumbledore?
In The Hobbit film, how is Thorin's sword gathered with him by the giant eagle?
Is there any information available about Mazer Rackham's past?
I'm looking for the title of a sci fi film about a killer robot
Why do Voldemort and other Death Eaters call Peter Pettigrew his Marauder name, Wormtail?
Dune "official" artwork
Missing text of "The Prophecy of The Chosen One"
What is the relationship between First Formics War Marvel comics and Card/Johnston prequel books?
Looking for title of book with Neanderthals on a human-colonized planet
What would have happened if Thor reached ground before breaking the glass?
Is the Doctor younger every incarnation?
Who was the smartest of the Wiggins
How do Com badges resolve naming conflicts in Star Trek?
What conflicts drive the plot in The Half-Blood Prince?
Which Mazianni Fleet ship took the Kreja’s Le Cygne?
Is there any significance to the date November 5, 1955 in Back to the Future?
Trying to identify a story which has trade missions to alien planets
Why would Batman discard his disruptor?
Was the 'Bat Bike' an addon or mod to the experimental Batmobile, or did it always exist?
Why did Yu send Teal'c back to warn the rebel camp before he was about to attack?
Is Sheldon right that Superman would have killed Lois when he caught her?
In the Walking Dead, how did Rick determine who committed murder?
Deadpool's Inner Voice
How did Superman return from the Phantom Zone?
Why did Lex Luthor tell Mercy to call his attorney?
Can anyone remember an online novel in which a nurse relives his teenage life again?
In the Wheel of Time series, was it ever revealed how Logain was able to resist the tainted saidin?
How did Voldemort learn where the Elder Wand was?
What is the large suit that stops the oil rig from sinking in Iron Man 3 called?
Is the movie "Hell No" real?
"Unblessed" author Paul Richards-Did he write anything else?
Why does the DeLorean not move at first?
Why was the I.F. in a rush?
The Birth of the Jedi and Sith
World with fire/water/air/earth/shadow/light users; girl on a fire-owned submarine attacked by shadow rebels
did Uther Doul manipulate the Brucolac into mutiny? If so, what was the point?
Is Wolverine Like a Worm?
Did Darth Vader post-ROTS ever engage in sexual activity in canon?
How could Bean not know this in Shadow Puppets
Why didn't Iron Man make Vibranium armor in Iron Man 2?
Scifi short story about a woman and her AI boyfriend
What 80s alien movie has a man possessed by a creature via the back of his neck?
Movie involving time-travelling Nazis
Children's Science Fiction Novel: girl from future visits ancient humans, boy believes she is a magical spirit
Can Superman Starve To Death?
Infinity Stones in the Marvel Cinematic Universe
Was that creature a Bilgesnipe?
Excessive force used by Superman mysteriously fails to cause injury?
Significance of 'Mortal Men'
Have bio-organic weapons ever gotten past the testing phase?
Is it the lawgiver or the ammunition that is special?
Do children inherit their parents' powers in the X-Men universe?
Where do zombies come from?
What are the Istari's staves made of?
Where were the occupants of the Hidden Centuries in The End of Eternity?
What was the first SciFi work that referred to Pluto as NOT a planet?
Is there a significant reason why people addicted to melange have blue eyes?
When does a person's sense of self arrive when beamed?
Book about man searching for mythological creatures.
'One Above All' - is he everything there is in the omniverse in terms of ability, skill, power, etc?
Shown in elementary school; sci-fi mini-series with kids about a book or reading. Tonal notes involved
What exactly is a Star Fleet Admiral's duty?
Are there specific tropes/details/etc... that characterized Golden Age of Science Fiction?
Film maker “Cat Vindaloo” trying to make a Bollywood film on the Moon
How long was Zod initially supposed to stay in the phantom zone?
Harry Potter dark-colored phoenix fanfic
In Stargate Atlantis, why are the Wraith hives considered such a threat to Earth?
Time travel short story: Changing the present by moving a rock in the past
Was Rick aware of the Zombie Apocalypse before he was admitted to the hospital?
What was this 7th Doctor novel?
Movie about sleepwalking people repairing an alien spaceship
How important is it to watch Farscape in order?
Short story about advertising replacing music
Can someone explain Warhammer 40,000's dates to me?
How are the Nine Realms situated in space?
Scientist sets up experiment without pre-determining the outcome
Identify short story in which invention of music redeems humanity from alien death sentence
Science fiction story/novel: Giant robot Wheel rolls around primitive planet destroying very sparsely-distributed pop. Hero investigates
Story about schooling in the future, using video monitors at home
Why did T-1000 continue to pursue John Connor if his mission already had failed?
What's this logo tattooed on the bottom of a thug's foot?
Was there any privacy for students at Hogwarts?
Science-Fiction Novel - Female Mathematician - Late '90s?
Which TV series was the first to feature a human-looking android in a recurring role?
Book or Short story: Contact with God through digital means and a micro black hole
Are there any instances where the Eldunari are mentioned, before Oromis explains it to Eragon?
Identify movie about cadets on a training mission
ST: Voyager - Why did Alice call the particle fountain "home"?
What is the stone structure that Frodo and Sam are sleeping in?
How did Yashida come to know about the Adamantium?
Are magic items resistant to being broken by mundane means?
Which of these Enderverse characters died first?
Story where a village used the people to assemble themselves into a large being to fight another village
Book series about time travel from future to distant past, psychic powers?
How could people survive the nuclear attack in the Terminator movies?
Pulp fiction book about magic stone that gave Hitler and others power
Are Mintakans related to Vulcans?
Why does the Doctor drive a car when he can take the Tardis?
What was Skynet's "defense grid"?
Why didn't Marcus question John Connor's odd statement: "You tried killing my mother, Sarah Connor. You killed my father, Kyle Reese"...?
Looking for the name of a book about a female scientist who travels back in time and falls in love with a Viking king named Per
Why did the mannequin's head move?
Who set the trap for Robert Neville?
In light of Chinese censorship, is there still significant Doctor Who fandom behind the Great Firewall?
Time travel story/book similar to Behold the Man, but closer to the bible
Loki's great illusions
Why doesn't the Doctor regenerate immediately in “The Night of the Doctor”?
Where is France in the Game of Thrones?
Could the dream sequence in the film Gravity have potentially been real?
Man who has lost his wife gets dragged into a conflict between beings posing as gods and demons
Book about a mysterious girl and evil non-human pursuers
How to watch "Day of the Doctor" if you don't have access to a broadcasting TV station or a cinema?
Looking for an Anime I saw when I was a child
Which categories of information were battle school teachers most interested in gaining about students via the Fantasy Game?
Would Graff accept Peter and Valentine to Battle School if they weren't Wiggins?
Ιn which "Star Trek: The Next Generation" episode does Picard demand arbitration by a hibernating species?
Short story about aliens who communicate by smell
Conference room episode (any Star Trek series)?
What are the primary producers of Arrakis?
Where did the idea of vampire invitation first originate?
Will the cycle in Korra Book 2 continue? [Spoilers]
What happened between Wolverine and Jean?
Why is '42' the meaning of life?
What happened to Vaatu?
Help Identifying Fantasy Novel About Rune Magic
Could the Republic put the Jedi Order on trial?
What alien was forced to control that superweapon?
What's in the crater on Europa in "2010: The Year We Make Contact"?
He is a wolf during the night and she is a crow during the day
What would happen if someone wearing glasses were to look at a Basilisk?
In which Batman comic issue was there a plague of illiteracy?
How do the Cybernetic organism's cells receive nourishment?
How do Zombies differentiate between a zombie and a human being?
VR arcade game teaches teenagers to live on another planet
Teenage girl in life-sustaining valley on poisoned Earth visited by another survivor
Why is Captain America described as the perfect human when he can be overpowered by people like the Hulk or Thor
Was The Doctor last of the Time Lords before the 2005 series?
How can the Kandorians(Kryptonians) have their powers?
How old was Ender objectively at the start of Speaker for the Dead
How long after the Avengers does Thor: The Dark World take place?
When did the piggies learn about the Demosthenian Hierarchy of Exclusion
Protagonist in mist/fog in a featureless place
Late 80s or early 90s book ID: boy aboard land schooner
Suggested reading order of Revelation Space
Within the Bartimaeus Trilogy, are the magicians capable of doing supernatural feats without the help of the spirits they summon?
When does "extra dimensional space" appear?
Who cleans up the space junk?
Short story about underground living
Man dies in space but his head is preserved, later reanimated with a robotic body
Why was Gotham city changed from a mostly fictional city to NYC in the Nolan trilogy?
How does the shop owner in "The Bells of St. John" have the number for the TARDIS?
Short story about a robot who wants to become a writer
Did Starfleet personnel have to learn Cardassian to use the computers on Deep Space Nine?
How does 'Man of Steel' differ from how Superman is portrayed elsewhere?
In Percy Jackson's universe, are any Cyclopes NOT children of Poseidon?
Can my bookgroup start reading The Culture books at "Use of Weapons"?
Why are some editions of the Blake's 7 1980 annual missing the date?
story or series of humans who can control elements due to exposure or ingestion of crystals
Is Superman the same species as humans?
Game of Thrones: Alternate reading order for Books 4 and 5?
What was the timeframe which the Ender's Game movie took place within?
Why do the lightsaber moves of Luke Skywalker look so uncoordinated and crude compared to the prequels?
Which Doctor was it that likes Jelly Babies?
Vernon insulted Dumbledore and Dudley got a tail?
Which side would Strax choose in a conflict between Sontarans and the The Doctor?
Is Agent Coulson an LMD?
A Blessing of Unicorns?
Daleks And Their Gear
Why did Obi-Wan disappear instead of being cut in two pieces?
Did Hermione have an eidetic memory?
What did Coulson's dream mean in epsiode 8, "The Well"
Is the first season of Heroes self-contained?
Why don't lightsaber duelists ever use the technique of turning off their lightsaber during a fight?
In Gravity, are the orbital mechanics of space debris plausible?
How could the Istari have prominent beards and still be considered elves by Men?
Why has Koh been estranged from the Mother of Faces?
The name of a science fantasy trilogy
In Neal Stephenson's "Anathem," is Cnoüs' statue a reference to Freemasonry?
Is "Smaug" pronounced "Smog"?
Sci-fi/Fantasy book about humanoid plant people
Non-force using 'Jedi'
Is the Fifth Doctor's personality in 'Time Crash' in line with his personality originally on the tv show?
Did Darth Vader intend to start the rebel Alliance?
What novel/tv-show featured travel to another dimension through a TV?
Is Harry's boggart still a Dementor?
Looking for a book about a young boy that jumps into a whirlwind portal
How did the Precursors know to invade earth? (Pacific Rim)
Why do Gallifreyans use Swastikas on their clothing?
Where was Rassilon in the Day of the Doctor and what happened to the Ultimate Sanction?
How did the Doctors 1-8 fit in with the freezing of Gallifrey in the Day of the Doctor yet they were past incarnations?
In the Day of the Doctor, is the Curator (Tom Baker) the Doctor or just another person?
Were Peter Davison, Colin Baker, and Sylvestor McCoy in Day of the Doctor?
Was the War Doctor originally intended to be Christopher Eccleston?
Title/Author search: read late 70's, last human revived from stasis, intelligent forest
2000s (or earlier) young adult novel like "Ender's Game", genetically enhanced teenage boy trains in holographic battles to win an uncontaminated land
can anyone tell me the name of the sci-fi book series with a concorde like spaceship on the cover?
Are we sure about the regeneration order of the Doctor?
What book trilogy has wolf-like aliens seeking help from humans in a war?
Other galaxies in "A Fire Upon the Deep"
Why did Luke not know what Yoda looked like before going to Dagobah?
How did Anakin learn how to become a ghost after his death?
Recent scifi movie about going to Europa or something
What happened to the past versions of Harry and Hermione in The Prisoner of Azkaban?
Did Dumbledore control the sequence of events in which took place in Deathly Hallows?
How did The Doctor and Clara escape his timeline?
Should the doctors enumeration be changed?
Does anyone remember a 60s or 70s UK sci-fi show with rocks moving in the children's back yard?
"Recommended Viewing" before watching Doctor Who: "Day of the Doctor"?
Do the events in Day of The Doctor mean that Peter Capaldi will be the last Doctor?
Was it ever shown what the signal was from in Stargate: Universe?
Short story that I believe was in Analog years back. Perhaps in the 1970's. It involved an illusionist
Are there any differences between the Catching Fire movie and book?
How did the Doctor count the number of children?
Renegade Jedi that didn't turn to the Sith
Did Darth Sidious have a contingency plan in case Anakin didn't turn to the Dark Side?
What is the "Daily Life" of a program in TRON?
Were any Jedi officially OKed to marry by the Council?
What happens to Robert Fischer in the limbo and third level dream states?
Short story: God and the Devil watching the average life of John Smith
Did Gandalf cast a spell on Butterbur's beer?
I am looking for a short story about time travelling terrorists
Looking for short story about human outpost on alien world with dangerous native animals/insects
Why did Trinity hack the IRS d-base?
Which 80s fantasy series had sword masters with different styles teaming up?
Does Peter Parker regain his body again in Superior Spider-Man?
A fantasy series with an ancient wizard and a chess-like game
In Reloaded, why bother delivering the 'gift' while avoiding contact?
Title of old novel about a boy educated via an electronic helmet connected to a mainframe
Where did Bilbo Baggins' money come from before he departed on his adventure?
Why do Lieutenant Torres and Lieutenant Carey have different pips?
Teenagers recruited for a fight, have to find armour made of gold/silver alloy
How do they sustain the Elysium?
Science fiction story set in true Bath about time travel
How did Tony Stark synthesise a new element in Iron Man 2?
How much power does Iron Man's Mark 42 suit need?
How come Valentine can return to the same side of The Portal?
Why didn't the Doctor and Elizabeth just try to dispose of the Zygon paintings?
What did Soran experience in the Nexus?
How does the Doctor’s screwdriver run a calculation whilst destroyed?
Seeking book where disembodied brains run factories
What is it about the Tooks?
Why does Silvermoon Guardian say "Remember Quel'Thalas"?
Can the Abomination change back and forth?
Is there direct evidence that the Riverfolk were actually Hobbits?
What movie features a boy in a wheelchair who eventually becomes a cyborg?
Cold planet with ongoing political wars and segregated society
Book about ethereal witches that interact with humans
The Long Walk vs The Hunger Games
Short story about discovering planet inhabited by self-organising, metallic, swarming creatures
1980s series of stories in Analog: Teleportation, religious aspects
Alien crashed and stuck underwater, trying to communicate with humans for help
Science fiction short story - limited war where last surviving soldier is immune from all laws
What Magical Powers do Goblins/Orcs Posess?
Who built "Lurch", the Addams family's butler?
Why did Obi-Wan..?
What exactly creates a time paradox in Doctor Who?
How did "A Scanner Darkly" actually end?
From how far away can Force Choke be used?
Why does Roy Batty kill Tyrell and J.F. Sebastian?
TV show featuring a space station or satellite with a rotating ring that eventually jammed
In Final Fantasy 6 how come Espers are Our Friends if We're Killing Them?
Why was Starways Congress fooled in the beginning of Xenocide?
Time travel to the same time and same space
Name of science fiction book (part of series)
SF movie where the main character hits the "end of the road" when trying to exit from the city
Smallville Season 09 Alternate Timeline
How can sound travel Outside in Xenocide, Children of the Mind?
Romantic fantasy book with codes, ciphers and time travel
What was the giant blue manifestation of Korra in "Light in the Dark"?
What short story had a man visit the future and meet mermaids evolved in the wake of nuclear tests?
Where is Cassandra's brain?
Anyone know this science fiction story about a sentient space suit?
Sci-fi series with a war against pink blob-like bad guys who can mentally inflict pain
"We are to be men of steel and ice and walk immune amidst the suppuration of the Earth" Which story?
Short story with mercenaries trying to board a mothballed starship
What's the deal with Flash Gordon and tree stump reference?
Does each new Horcrux take half of Voldemort's remaining soul, thus taking a smaller piece each time?
Are other birds able to do what owls do as far as mail delivery?
Do dragonskin cloths provide wearer with protection against spells?
How did the Mogadorians know that Sandor was Nine's Cepan?
Did JKR ever allude to what happened to the relationship between Hagrid and Madame Maxine?
Is it known in what year(s) the plot of Ender's Game takes place?
Does anyone actually get remedial studies at Hogwarts?
Why does Kvothe resist borrowing more than he needs from Devi?
Is there an explanation for how alchemy works?
In Primer, why aren’t there six Aarons?
Is there a way to get in touch with Barry Hughart?
Star Trek - What is the relationship between the 'Bread and Circuses' Roman planet and the Romulans?
In Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix it seems Dumbledore makes a portkey that only Harry can use. Am I interpreting this correctly?
Why is there a time beetle on Donna's back in The Stolen Earth?
A Story About Creatures Which Build the Entire Universe Every Moment
Did Denethor take out the orcs and their war machines when he fell?
How can Star Wars have humans if it happens a long long time ago?
Looking for a short story where there are murders taking place with magic
Who exactly is Goldberry?
post-apocalyptic novel (farmers & a Russian airman)
Was the idea of a tidal dislocation weapon ever suggested in SciFi?
Are there any intelligent natives of Gallifrey, aside from Time Lords?
Do all Time Lords go to the Academy, and what do they do afterwards?
Shouldn't Superman Be (Literally) Black?
What is the Dent act and how it could possibly work out?
What happened to Mr Saxon in the alternative universe in ‘Turn Left’?
Vernor Vinge's Zones of Thought - Perversions
What is the name of TV show in 90 that some of the fighter pilots were born by In Vitro
Were there any Catwomen who were not Selina Kyle behind the mask?
Looking for a word from the The Lord of the Rings world that represents money/wealth
Why don't Jedi (or Sith) use the Force to snap their foes' necks?
Did any mainstream female comic character deliberately deconstruct "fanservice attire" trope?
Who would win a fight between Tom Bombadil and a Nazgul?
Did Tom Bombadil have a "prior art" in Norse/other mythology?
How do some of the the characters in Buffy the Vampire Slayer get money?
Was Lily Potter's Patronus always a doe?
How did the Ministry protect against the use of unauthorized portkeys?
Who made or authorized the portkeys used by the order members to gather at the burrow after the battle of the seven Potters?
What other uses are there for owls?
How is a universe defined in Battlefield Earth?
Who was the Hedwig in "A history of Magic"?
Who is this X-Wing pilot?
Are Rebel pilots trained to conduct suicide runs?
Is a new snitch used everytime for a new game of Quidditch?
How did Buffy's glitch allow the First to enact its plan?
Sauron giving the rings to different races
Are the Middle-earth languages spoken in the LOTR/Hobbit films faithfully pronounced from the texts written by Tolkien?
Why did Emperor Palpatine explode?
Short story: man creates a computer simulation with crab-like beings, stops death after one sentient generation
Seeking 60s-70s SF Novel - Biologically radio capable insect/reptile aliens kidnap humans
Short story about 'sloppy luck' elves
Book about Genetic Engineering, High IQ children that don't sleep
What is the "endgame" of Rick's group in the Walking Dead?
Saturday morning sci-fi/horror anthology
Gordon Dickson, Man from Earth
Book about girl that lives in an ice realm
Name of the book/series based on magicians who tap into computer grid?
Short story collection inspired by 50s drive in horror movies
Do the Sally Lockhart Mysteries have to be read in order?
Please help me identify this short story about possessed cryonic sleepers
Looking for space series with sailing ship
Why would anyone *want* to become a death eater?
Female main character in an ice world earning gems/runes
Looking for a trio of cyberpunkish books about a character named swordfish
How could Gollum follow the Fellowship out of Khazad-dum?
What happened to the ferrous metal restriction in Pratchett/Baxter's Long War
Why were the trackers necessary in Catching Fire?
Why is Earth so defenseless in Star Trek?
How did Mazikeen end up with Lucifer at the "Lux"?
What do the Rings of Power actually do to the races that wear them?
Does the "Rule of Two" actually exist in G or T Canon?
Why don't all Battle School children get monitors?
How much memory does it take for a replicator to store a simple object?
What is the American school of magic?
Help me identify a book - possibly cyberpunk - morse code in raindrops
Are there any meaningful differences between Star Wars prequels and their novelizations?
Did Voldemort plan to take over the entire world?
Need help finding a short horror story - circa 1970's or 80's "Fishing"?
Children (teens) escape from false-utopia where adults are subjugated by AI(s)
(TV?) Movie about a shipwreck far underwater where people were stuck but were able to live
How could the matter converter in Tron Legacy generate an army
Does Animagus transformation alter the level of intelligence?
Physics behind the "force push"
Are there any discrepancies between HP1-HP7 and supplementary books?
Could Severus Snape fly?
Why is Chief O'Brien's rank so low when he is the senior engineer of Deep Space 9?
Who was really talking to/fighting with Dawn at the end of "Conversations with Dead People"
How do stars stay in position in the Battle Room?
Lightsaber canon reference
Is there a reading order for Zenescope's Grimm Fairy Tales?
Looking for a short story no later than 1980's about a boy who finds the tomb of a feline space warrior on earth
Why didn't Dumbledore simply cut off his hand and make a new one?
Trying to remember a movie from late 50s or early sixties
In Stargate Atlantis, when Atlantis leaves Lantea wouldn't they have a different point of origin?
How did Voldemort terrorize the Muggle World?
Trilogy about a girl, dragons and Nicholas Flamel
Supernatural (TV): Sam in Season 9 [Spoilers]
70's children's book about a girl and seven ravens
How much does Celestia know about Zecora?
In the Asterix series, Why didn't the Romans just address the magic potion problem head on?
looking for the title of a book about an overpopulated Earth and a messianic saviour with an intense hatred of human beings
Title of book about a girl who charmed dragon-like creatures?
When did SHIELD start to keep an eye on Tony Stark?
Which episodes of X-Men: Evolution cover the Apocalypse story arc?
When did Luke Skywalker lose his virginity in Legends?
Title of book about an agent who gets miniaturized in order to spy on the Russians?
What is the traditional order that Districts are visited?
How was the Star Trek timeline officially established?
Was the Teramin Relationship created by Isaac Asimov?
Who was the first female dwarf identified by name in the Hobbit/LOTR saga?
What psychological space station thriller novel features all the crew getting killed one-by-one?
Reference for the first name of Sirius Black's mother, known from her portrait: Walburga
Edge of Tomorrow: Why can Cage and Rita remember events after dying and coming back?
Does anyone know where I can find a Batman-Wolverine crossover?
A short story about a theoretical parallel universe whose inhabitants find out that the universe is a simulation
How is it Alice's clones can be killed without head trauma, and why don't they reanimate into zombies?
What's a book series, where they use precise time travel as a method of combat?
Looking for scifi title about android who wakes up with no memory, but must kill his human double. If he fails, another takes his place. 1960's?
In the film The Two Towers, why was Éomer so hostile towards Aragorn, Legolas and especially Gimli when they first met?
Why was Kate the only one subjugated by the Zygons?
Why didn't Michonne kill the Governor?
In what order should I read the X-men comics?
Which is the best Space Marine Battles novel? Which should I read next?
Can the Incredible Hulk die?
What's up with the ranking in stage two in Divergent?
Why was Drew "dejected" after the capture-the-flag game in Divergent?
Why did Skynet not use a T1000 again in Terminator 3?
Why did Legolas switch languages?
Was Batman gay according to his creators?
Is the pipe-weed in Middle-earth somehow intoxicating?
Could the gold actually kill Smaug?
Why didn't Dumbledore prevent the prosecution of Sirius Black?
In "Reign of Fire", did dragons emerge between Dinosaurs and the movie time?
Why didn't Sauron kill Gandalf instead of imprisoning him in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug?
How could Nathan fly away even though the Haitian guy was next to him?
What is the song played in the "End of Line" club on Tron Legacy?
Why is the Witch King of Angmar portrayed to be incredibly weak?
Ned Stark's brother
When was the first time Star Wars EU explicitly mentioned people having sexual relations?
What was that show-- 1980s or 1990s anthology horror/sci fi episode
A universe of Greek gods/goddesses, set in modern time (3 book series)
Why was SHIELD not responding to Darcy's calls?
Why did the Dwarves build Erebor with wide hallways big enough for dragons to fit in?
Alien embryos fall into a pond, turn into humans
How do transporters re materialize the energy/matter stream into the subject?
How did Amy survive the crack in her wall?
What inspired Tauriel's story arc?
How closely did the Black Speech match the subtitles?
Man Eats Own Arm
Were ANY of the Elves in Tolkien twins?
Could the Pensieve work the same way as Horcruxes?
How can Tauriel use athelas if she is not a queen?
How did Jabba become such a powerful crime lord?
What did Smaug eat for 60 years?
What meaning(s) or message(s), if any, was Tolkien trying to convey with his books?
Who in Middle-earth knows the Istari's origin?
What obstacles (legal or otherwise) prevent Moontrap (1989) from being released on a modern format or otherwise made available?
Has Tom Hardy's portrayal of Bane influenced any other Batman media?
How much gold did Smaug possess in his hoard?
Walking Dead zombies sense of smell - then and now
Why did Sauron keep the road to the Cracks of Doom maintained so well?
Is the magical power/skill difference typical among siblings in Potterverse?
Are there any known muggle-born wizards/witches who have a magical sibling?
Why Clone Troopers changed to Storm Troopers?
What happens to individuals when they die in Middle Earth?
What movie or TV show had a team of women preparing for battle while "smoking"?
Why doesn't movie Thor consistently wear his battle helmet like comic book Thor did?
Are groats defined in Game of Thrones?
How could Thranduil have met a dragon?
What happened to Gunter Bischoff in Cryptonomicon
Science fiction book I read in 1986-87
Title of short story: God granting immortality to others to find a way to kill himself
Did George Lucas consider Star Wars to be science fiction?
Was the uprisal that resulted in Goa'uld leaving Earth related to Asgard?
Why is Sol Weintraub's tale titled "The River Lethe's Taste is Bitter"?
What other mythologies' figures are represented in SG1 aside from Norse and Egyptian pantheons?
What exactly happened in Roswell, NM in-universe and how was it related to Asgard?
Does anyone know the name of this fantasy book series from about 10 to 12 years ago
YA novel about sister is alien with two hearts and assassins come
Why does Jon reference the Dornishman's Wife?
When/How did Wolverine learn about his past?
Why do different actors play different versions of Spider-Man?
Why did Saren care about the Beacon on Eden Prime?
Were both of Jodie's parents linked to Entities?
Languages of Mass Effect
Is the Hobbit's gold statue scene physically accurate or even possible?
Is there any Potterverse explanation for a wand?
How was Morgoth defeated?
How did Robin fasten his strapless mask to his face, and how did he remove it?
Are the creatures in the ship aliens or future humans?
Was the Vision more powerful than Ultron?
Was the big statue foot, with only four toes, ever explained in Lost?
Is it possible that some of Voldemort's Legilimency was transferred to Harry?
What's the story behind Rhaegar Targeryan and Lyanna Stark?
In the Star Trek Episode "The Alternative Factor", why did Lazarus have to be locked in the corridor between universes?
What’s the viewing order for new Doctor Who episodes *and* minisodes?
What is the first work of science fiction to treat evolution as scientific fact?
Can there be multiple Jack Harkness'?
Why don't Radagast and Gandalf use their old names when talking to eachother?
The origin and use of the term TARDIS
Why do Sauron's servants sometimes use the name "Sauron"?
Why did they make the Head Gamemaker Seneca Crane kill himself in The Hunger Games?
Of all the half-Muggles in JKR work, what is the percentage of those with muggle mother vs father?
Why did OCP build Robocop?
Are there spells for learning things in Potterverse?
How does Smaug know the name Oakenshield?
Star Wars scene where Luke Skywalker witnesses battle above Tatooine?
Story with a flying cat as a minor character?
Why does River Song save the Doctor in Let's Kill Hitler?
Chronological order for Anne Bishop's Black Jewels stories
What is the proper viewing order of the DC Animated Universe?
Material Question
70s Young Adult science fiction short story collection available in schools
How do the Elves in LOTR (canon) obtain their food?
Is there a difference in appearance between Yubaba and Zeniba?
What happens to Dragon after Donkey & Shrek drank the Happily Ever After potion?
Children's novel about a boy who buys a device from an old man and travels to a parallel universe
Why didn't Snape reveal 12 Grimmauld Place after Dumbledore died?
Are riders who lost their dragons still immortal, or do they just possess extremely long life?
Name of Young Adult novel from 1960s/ 70s with Harry Houdini?
In The Pandorica Opens painting showing the explosion of the TARDIS, is it one TARDIS or two that explode?
Why was Lockhart sorted into Ravenclaw?
Book about a Roman and Gaul that cross swords
Story identification: Runner stalked by avian alien
Were there muggleborns in Slytherin?
Is it true that Amy is the Doctor's mother in law in two different ways?
Movie With Half Sized Creature From Black Lagoon Surrounded By Suited Men With Rods
Why don't future humans use nano-genes?
Which JG Ballard story contains a phrase something like "Listen, you can hear the quasars calling"
What was the symbolic significance of Odin breaking his staff?
"Do you have a lock for my key?"
Please help identify this children's story about a family robot that runs away to avoid being destroyed
Short story about scientist who collects dinosaur eggs from the past
Tracy gets shot, no effect
What is Wash referring to?
How was distance measured when sailing the Liedenbrock Sea?
Are all of the different Sonic Screwdriver versions equal in their functionality?
What is the earliest work considered to be Science Fiction?
is there a reason that Thor's hand doesn't bleed?
Won't River Song and the Doctor still have to have some sort of relationship in the next series?
Why did Mr Weasley ask Mr And Mrs Granger how bus stops work?
Is there a society of thinking and free droids in the Old Republic?
Is there a public domain English translation of Somnium (1608), by Johannes Kepler?
Which pair of reindeer did Rudolph replace when he saved Christmas in the 1964 animated classic?
Why didn't Brad Pitt's character in World War Z communicate better while trapped in the Bio Lab?
Book about a one-armed cowboy who travels across time using a torus (sp?)
Book containing the phrase "My name is legion"
Book series where only people with the right ability can do things like operate machinery
is there a canon explanation for how Santa can fit down a chimney?
How was the Doctor able to not answer the first question?
How did the Doctor know about the Silents?
Why were the enemies attacking in "The Time of the Doctor"?
Why were there 13 Doctors prior to #12?
Identifying a movie about a fast-growing tentacle-plant monster stopped by blood
Why did the crew of Nostromo not seem too surprised by new Alien life?
Identify a short story starring a holographic prison warden on a planet where the inmates have taken over
Identify science fiction story about people surviving in an underwater biosphere after extreme climate change
Seeding Planets with Humans, Explanation
Book about the Logos Cube
Silents: Purpose without purpose?
Walking in space shuttle in 2001: A Space Odyssey
Titles of plagiarised space opera trilogy
Trying to find a book - main character was clone (Milo)
Where does the lore about salt and ghosts originate?
Does Terminator 3 undermine the 'No Fate' concept?
80s era book about long-lived or immortal space travelers marooned on earth
Was the regeneration limit canon before The Time of the Doctor?
Short story identification: girl addresses school in the face of genetic-engineering health-scare
Why do the Silence and the Doctor team up at the end of "The Time of the Doctor"?
How old is the Doctor at the end of The Time of The Doctor?
Has the Doctor’s memory been reset?
How many regenerations does the Doctor have after The Time of the Doctor?
Black hole Generation and Location inside ship in movie Event horizon?
Time of the Doctor v/s happenings of Name of the Doctor
Short story (50s? 60s?) with a man trapped inside a sentient cave
Will Marvel's next film include Iron Man and the X-Men together?
What happened to Zuko's mother?
How did Vaatu break through the barrier that separated the Plane of Spirits from the Material World?
a children's book- robot in family as a domestic help
How many Avatars have there been?
Who would qualify as the youngest Avatar
Why couldn't the Time Lords get through?
Which came first. The Material World or Spirit World
Why couldn't Tenzin enter the Spirit World?
Was Picard ever relieved of duty by a ship's doctor?
Who is this superhero?
Do we ever see Worf drink prune juice again?
Could Harry command snakes, or simply talk to them?
Why wasn’t it Worf attacking in the Yesterday’s Enterprise timeline?
Homework at Hogwarts
Why heroes of Tolkien novels didn't use birds to reach Mordor or Erebor?
What effect did Voldemort's presence have on Quirrell?
Dune saga: In which order should I read prequels, books and sequels
Why did the Silence mess with Earth history?
What exactly was C.S.Lewis's opinion on the reading order of "Magician's Nephew" within Narnia books?
Did Dumbledore create the Divination position just to get the prophet (Sybill) under Hogwarts protection?
In Dune, what does “gestalten” mean?
In WALL•E, what kind of economy was used on the Axiom?
Story where a young mans stays up with a corpse which revives in the morning
Are any magical acts ever claimed on behalf of The Seven?
When did the Targaryens convert to the Faith of the Seven?
What 70s book had the main character trying to achieve a higher level of thinking while asleep?
In American Gods, what were Wednesday's plans regarding Sweeney and Shadow?
Why does Rogue say she is "half-alien?
Question about episode 'The Wedding of River Song'
If Tasha Lem is an incarnation of River Song, why would she ask if Eleventh has a "new body"?
Which post-apocalyptic trilogy has a series of gates opened by riddles?
series of young adult science fiction books from early 1980s about last of a race of martial experts that sees the destruction of his home planet
How did the First and Second Doctor make it to Gallifrey?
Which is more indestructible, Captain America's shield or Thor's Mjölnir?
What subjects did Dumbledore teach in Hogwarts?
Where is Dumbledore's half-blood status specified?
Where does "Grand Sorcerer" title for Dumbledore come from in canon?
What is the meaning of the way that Kirk's clothes are?
Has a treatment/series bible for any Joss Whedon television show been published?
Identify a short story where two astronauts on an orbiting platform are having a dispute
Sauron, Gollum, and the ring
Was Enoch Root right about Heracles killing a large chunk of the offspring of Ares in original myths?
Why doesn't the Papal Mainframe protect Christmas instead of the Doctor?
How does the doctor age faster during the events of The Time of The Doctor?
What does the Doctor mean by this statement?
Why didn't the Doctor just leave the town of Christmas to keep them safe?
Who made the decision for Gandalf's promotion from 'grey' to 'white'?
Did Gillian Anderson actually eat the bug?
What is the TV show in "Transmetropolitan" about inventing drugs before they're banned by the government?
How does River Song know The Doctor's name?
The Dark Tower and existence
Where does the Doctor go after Demons Run?
Magic and Men in Lord of the Rings
Lucky Master Chief?
What was the outcome of the meeting between humans and Zygons in "The Day of the Doctor"?
When did Haymitch organize the effort to get Katniss out of the 75th Hunger Games?
Where's the arbiter and the allied Elites after Halo 3?
numenor vs. gondolin
Why didn't the orcs smell out Frodo and Sam?
Why does Smaug smell the ring (when it was invisible) and refer to it as 'precious'?
Is Tasha Lem actually River Song (includes references and theories)?
Identify novel about Jesus reincarnated as a girl
Young Adult Science Fiction: Implants, Elite and Slave Classes
Borg naming conventions
Do Tauriel and Kili find love in The Hobbit? Although Tauriel is not actually in the novel? Does anyone know this out of interest?
How does Gandalf the Grey escape from the clutches of Sauron at the end of The Hobbit - The Desolation of Smaug?
Did Tasha Lem teach River how to fly the Tardis?
Why was film's setting changed from Mars to Earth in the remake?
How does The Moment's user interface work?
Name of the Theodore Sturgeon short story about a man who can fix anything
Did anyone else find out about O'Neill kissing Carter?
What is the ‘babelfish effect’ when Bilbo puts on the Ring and understands the spiders?
A story involving a spaceship with a non-euclidian interior, that melds the minds of its occupants
Are Superman's costume changes scientifically possible (manipulating Atoms)?
How is Smaug aware that there is a war coming when all he did was lie in all the dwarves gold at Erebor?
Short story, space traveller crashes on planet, planet can replicate water, man eventually transforms into alien
The argument of regenerations
TV sci-fi episode - creature stalking a man using a boomerang as a weapon
How many alien languages are spoken on screen in the entire Babylon 5 series?
Reasons there were no Super Star Destroyers during the Thrawn Trilogy?
Can you identify this time travel story set in Sydney about time travel through a tree?
Origins of Scruffy's accent
Is there a canon precedent for a Timelord being able to use regeneration energy in such a destructive manner?
Late 70s/early 80s kids sci-fi novel with dying spacecraft captain
Who exactly is the Valeyard, considering the events of Time of The Doctor?
What is the recommended order to read Honorverse works?
What happened in the Doctor's past that made him destroy Gallifrey prior to the Day of the Doctor?
What was the largest object that the Enterprise-D could transport onboard?
Babies can only be born by killing mother?
Why didn’t the Holy Grail give Indiana Jones eternal life?
How could the Lutece's plan ever possibly succeed?
What is the Extinction of the Shape-shifters (like Beorn) in Middle-Earth Lore?
What are the "evil spirit" animations supposed to be?
Why is Jason Stackhouse so submissive at the end of season 6?
Is there a "final" FINAL screenplay for Highlander?
Looking for the following story that sounds like something Cory Doctorow might have written
Why is genetic engineering illegal in the Federation?
In Star Trek reboot, is Khan from the 20th century?
How do I pronounce "Sauron"?
How was Ishamael able to visit Lews Therin after the Dark One was sealed away?
When Thranduil mentions his knowledge of the 'fire drakes of the North' is he talking about a battle with Glaurung or Ancalagon?
Ιs Pycelle really a wizened old man?
Why did Baelfire have to go back when the curse was destroyed?
What is the origin of the legend of King Solomon's Mines in fiction?
In "Medusa's Daughter" webcomic, what exactly is the nature of Maia?
Why was 'She' set in the far north when the novel was in Africa?
What was the plan when dwarfs headed to erebor?
How did Kruger survive a grenade blowing up his face when carlyle and delacourt died from less severe injuries?
What are the 2 blue wizards' name in the hobbit?
What are the main differences between the numerous Avengers comics
Why did the Doctor start to regenerate after the events at Lake Silencio?
I can't remember this short story…UbiComp?
What are Harry Potter's Children?
Has Dynabook inspired Neal Stephenson's The Diamond Age?
What is the difference between pure blood and mudblood?
Is there an in-universe explanation for why Vader's chest lights sometimes blink and other times do not?
Did the War Doctor got older between 'Night of the Doctor' and 'Day of the Doctor'?
Why did the Human Reaper look Human?
What is Captain Janeway's educational background?
Are the men in the pub at Bree who eye off Thorin 'men-orcs'?
Why do people say that Peter Jackson can not make LOTR/Hobbit sequels?
Is everyone really female in Ancillary Justice or is the ancillary just unable to tell?
Identify old SciFi book with people living in houses interconnected by tubes
Book where a westerner (I think american) goes on a chinese world ship
Is Amy Pond Clara's grandmother?
Is barring Holy O's in "Irredeemable" a Mark Waid thing, Boom Studios thing, or something else?
When does the 'Lost City' become Atlantis in Stargate
Why bother with humans at all?
Is "Lord of the Rings" a trilogy of books in Tolkien's opinion?
Why would the Borg keep drones' assimilation profiles?
1960's Batman and Superman?
Why did the Doctor tell River his name?
Susan Foreman's Fate & Future
Why did the First Doctor land in a junkyard, and why didn’t the TARDIS disguise itself as junk?
TARDIS-proofing a ship
What Star Trek episodes (any series) have been censored?
Looking for a sci-fi/time-travel novel that I read years ago
What sort of thing would first years be taught in DADA?
Why are the fires of Mount Doom specifically required to destroy the One Ring?
Why did Alfonso Cuaron change Dumbledore's attire and personality for the third film? And why Michael Gambon?
How did Bilbo Baggins find the One Ring exactly?
What does it mean to sail into the West?
In Thunderbirds, what is the badge on Parker’s cap?
Why does Data go to sick bay?
How should I read the Star Wars books?
Prince skips coronation - planet gets irradiated. Nemesis uses ex-military pirates
Title of book about two WW2 airmen finding a civilisation deep underground
What would happen if Lupin drank Polyjuice Potion?
Looking for a space movie with an alien artifact bomb
How does the power of Felix Felicis work in one's odds?
Significance of the word Bort!
Short story from the point of view of a small animal being eaten?
Where was The Sigilite during the fight for Terra?
Who created the cover art from the newer Wild Cards Book I with Jetboy on it?
Why wasn't Sabretooth the original Weapon X subject?
Old science fiction movie where captured guy grows big from camera flashes
Why Cobb ask Ariadne for the secret passage in the third-level dream?
Is it possible to call every mobile phone in a particular area at a time?
YA Fantasy with Celtic Theme
Short story about two males born simultaneously
Was Pippin responsible for Gandalf's death?
When was Bruce Banner woken up?
Can Raava only be separated when Harmonic Convergence happens
Did Unalaq enter the spirit world to learn waterbending techniques?
Why are many Tatooine ports prefaced with "Mos"?
Where does the concept of infected people turning into zombies only after death originate from?
Do any other Jedi own droids?
What happened to Sokkas sword after the invasion?
Identification an apocalyptic short story from late 70s or earlier
Will Star Wars VII be a CGI or live action movie?
What film has a space ship crewed by very young people journeying to a distant planet?
Identification: 80s/90s Teen post-apocalyptic rite of passage novel
Was "a little short for a Stormtrooper" correct?
Why does Arya Stark refer to her fencing teacher as dancing master?
Name of 1980s Pandemic mini-series
Old movie with abandoned spaceship and skull in helmet
Nazgul: The WitchKing of Angmar & the other 8 - roots?
Title of time travel story where a reporter is sent back to the Roman era?
What are the implications of the nearly-decapitated zombie in Land of the Dead
Is it widely known that Stormtroopers are clones?
Did Tom Bombadil deliberately and specifically choose the Barrow weapons given to the Hobbits?
Has the Defiant beaten any enemy ship comparable to a 'Galaxy Class' starship in single combat?
Where does Rogue get her name in the X-Men movies?
Why does the War Doctor regenerate?
Who had the brooch Tom Bombadil took from the Barrow-downs belonged to?
Is The Flash's physiology faster than normal humans?
Clark Kent as Cold War Reporter
When (and why) was Spider-Man called the most important hero of them all?
Sci-fi quest/adventure book where progress was determined through clues/keys in the illustrations with red boss demon at the end?
When did he become just "The Doctor"?
Why tell Rosmerta about Sirius' relation to Harry?
If the world was flat, could one see great distances?
Was the hyperdrive in WALL-E faster than the norm?
How could they use the Atlantis Stargate when it was destroyed in an earlier episode?
In The Hobbit (Book), what was the layout of the barricade on the Front Gate of the Lonely Mountain?
What political system does Star Trek's Federation operate under?
Why does Khan Singh measure up on the same scale of notoriety as Adolf Hitler? (Picard quote)
Looking for title of short story about time travel
The Magical Place events from Agents of SHIELD
Why did Dumbledore want Harry to know about the Deathly Hallows?
Aliens / UN / Media coverage / 90's episode
What happens between the end of the last series and the 50th anniversary special?
A book about a magic clock that could stop time
How does Luke know of Dagobah?
How did the Timelords give the Doctor New Regenerations without messing up the Universe?
What level of magic prowess did Harry Potter have?
What book was about an astronaut stranded on an alien world where he keeps a video log?
Does the T-1000 use 3 hands in the helicopter chase scene?
Star Trek episode where Riker and Troi had a daughter in a time-shift?
Oblivion: Odyssey flight recorder
Was history changed in The Day of the Doctor, or was Gallifrey always saved?
How do you get into Hogwarts if you are muggle-born?
A feeling of dread
Time-Stream Crossing and Forgetfulness
How does Draco Malfoy know Hermione is Muggle-born?
Is Umbridge a death eater?
Why don't wizards use magic for domestic tasks?
Is Mister Dark part of/Homage to The Endless?
Why didn't the Order of the Phoenix destroy the prophecy?
Why didn't Harry and Co. travel to the Ministry in OotP by the floo network?
Is there a strip of "mana points" in Potterverse?
Why is Sauron called "the Necromancer"?
Were lightsabers ever a "commodity"?
Did anyone see Hobbits coming?
Did Tolkien have experience with addiction?
Why didn't Starfleet recreate Data?
Why are the Magog so poorly equipped?
Why does the TET not have some communications satellites?
How exactly does one farm moisture?
When does Daredevil: End of Days take place?
What was the orbital radius of the Elysium toroid?
Why can't the Doctor visit a particular point in his timeline to return to Gallifrey (at least temporarily)?
How did Jack get his memories?
Why did the Scavs disguise themselves?
Why so many workers, so close to job completion?
Was there any notion of homosexuality in Middle-earth?
The Others' first defeat: how, when and who?
Treasure Planet in Space about a young man with a natural resistance to a particular disease
Why doesn't Darth Vader's breath rate increase while he is fighting?
Was the plan to infiltrate the Republic and rule it from the top a Sith plan or Sidious'?
YA book from 70s where the cover illustration was drawn in shades of green on a white background
Is there a supermassive black hole at the Galactic Core?
How quickly do Krogan reproduce, naturally and after the Genophage?
What is the connection between Grindelwald and World War II?
"Final death" and the future of the Pattern
Why do the trolls turn to stone in daylight?
Is Jaime supposed to be pronounced in the Spanish way?
Why did Sméagol turn into a 'creature' when addicted to the ring, but not Bilbo Baggins?
In which episode did Joffrey force a man to put his arm on a hot pot?
How is suicide viewed in "A Song of Ice and Fire" (Books not TV series)?
ID sci fi short story, golden age. Simple man is picked to pass test to leave earth to expand and explore for humanity
Where can I find the black speech dialog used in 'Desolation of Smaug'?
Looking for an older short story about humans who develop the ability to photosynthesize
Monsters in Beyond: Two Souls
What movie features a hovering spherical robot that kills a man with a propeller blade?
Science fiction novel set at psychic or parapsychological institute
In what year(s) are the events of the Spike Jonze film "Her" taking place?
Looking for story about AI in cars
How does Star Trek bridge crew spend their time when on duty?
What was the first Federation flagship/starship in service?
What children's sci-fi novel has a girl on a space station who ends up on an alien planet?
In Death Note, how do shinigami and humans speak the same language?
What was sci-fi book where the main character could read computer networks
Iain M. Banks' "The Algebraist": Wormhole transport question
Why does the Klingon Defence Force have such a wussy name?
AI novel- man builds female computer, falls in love, she becomes possessive
Why has Star Trek weirdly given more weight to "The Emotion"?
Which entity of the Cthulhu Mythos does Mary meet
Was this word used under the influence of the Ring?
Did Obi-Wan ever reach out to Anakin after he became Vader?
Poisoned King in a wasteland, needs 3-part antidote
3 races at different levels of technology
Is an Ultra Super Saiyan physically as strong as a Super Saiyan 2?
What happens if Death Eaters ignore Voldemort's summons?
What does it mean that the elves were diminished?
Maximilian, The Scapula, and magic revealed to be science
Would it be conceivable to create a lightsaber shield from a plethora of lightsabers arranged in an umbrella-like pattern?
How did Gandalf plan to kill Smaug?
Why doesn't the Ruger set off the metal detector?
Ancient-Humanity true purpose in the Human-Forerunner war
Were any portions of Tolkien's writing truly "translated"?
Why does the word "Mapone" have this effect on Bullseye?
Did Tolkien's contemporaries know Quenya?
What poetic old detective noir book has mutants smuggled out of a ghetto being blackmailed?
Do any of the other rebels escape from the Battle of Hoth?
Did "Near-human" "related" species evolve from a common ancestor?
Which SF book had intelligence testing?
Were Muggle-born wizards free to talk about their experiences?
Short story about a secret suburban house on the moon
Book (Possible Young Adult) Generation Ship Traveling to Heaven
If the ponies are vegetarian, why do they raise pigs?
In Star Trek, what uses would an astrophysics lab have for a stasis unit?
Do they refer to Albert Einstein on planet Krypton in Superman?
Are all of the Stark children actual or potential Wargs?
Did Captain Kirk underact when he found his brother dead?
What TV episode has a child go missing and return un-aged when their parents are very old?
What is the relationship between Beleriand in the Silmarillion and Middle-earth in Lord of the RIngs?
Can dwarves and elves produce offspring (between each other)?
Is James T. Kirk known to be based on Horatio Hornblower?
What is in the east of Middle-earth, and why is it all subservient to Sauron?
What was behind the door in the Paths of the Dead?
What is the significance of the Stone Angel?
What did Thorin say to Thranduil when he declined the Elven King's offer?
Thorin, son of Thrain... Nephew of Thror?
Why does Smaug associate lake town with Black arrows?
Short story series: Witches learning "laws of power" in correct order
What is that book with many gods and as many schools of magic, with the god of fire supposedly the greatest, and which features tempest?
A zombie or alien horror movie whose protagonists are young adults
Why didn't Prince Zuko's mother stop the Fire Lord from scarring him?
Are day/night cycles synced up between different species in Star Trek?
Looking for the title of a "forgotten land" young adult book from the early '60's
Short story about astronauts visiting a planet for the first time that smells and tastes them
Does Gandalf have very limited powers compared to what we think of wizards today?
Trying to locate a sci-fi novel that I believe came out in the 1990s
Were all Ainur made at the Beginning?
Was the Smeagol/Gollum dynamic a product of the Ring, or loneliness?
What is the earliest novel/story to deal with cosmically vast expanses of time?
Why doesn't Neuromancer want to merge with Wintermute?
Australian teen show about the planet jupiter 90s
What would be Colin Baker's doctor(6) catch phrase be
Sonic Showers - why reviled?
Gandalf - open displays of power versus his restrictions as an Istar
Why do crows gather at this point in Game of Thrones?
Would the One Ring even work for anyone but Sauron?
Can King Cold transform?
Did Lucas originally say that Palpatine was evolving in Making of Return of the Jedi?
Why couldn't Jon Snow pull out Longclaw?
The significance of the 'Star' in Star Wars?
Quarter Quell Tribute Selection, in Hunger Games: Catching Fire
Collection of ghost-stories for children/young adult
Can anyone tell me if there were any planned follow-ups to The Prisoner? If so, what were they?
Why isn't a single Fremen called Freman?
What were the people saying in the parts of Elysium in Spanish, French and Afrikaans?
Who were the seven forefathers of the Dwarves, besides Durin?
Bifur, Bofur and Bombur: From Moria but not related to Durins folk?
Novel about first contact and traveling the universe at light-speed
What's with the IQ chart in Idiocracy?
Construction Of the Imperial forces
How well-known is the theology of Middle-earth, in Middle-earth?
Why did Loki kill this character?
Roku "I have mastered the elements a thousand and one times and lived a thousand lifetimes"
Why does Koh steal faces
Were many stormtroopers left-handed?
I read a paperback novel in/around 1970: protagonists were an underground/partisans in a war by telepathy
Has Wonder Woman previously been described as a demigod?
1x09 Emanations - How to recover the shroud?
How did half of Darth Maul survive?
What book has a boy meeting a girl on an alien planet where he crash-landed?
Did Vader ever intend to kill Luke?
Half-Blood Prince's Journal
Was the composition of Elvish lembas ever discussed?
Who originally programmed "The Matrix"?
In episode 1 of Helix, shouldn't the CDC personnel be alarmed by the bodies of the two deceased patients?
Movie about a dystopian society where people are shut in their buildings
Young adult series, cryosleep, crashed spaceship. People were turned to "swiss cheese" by worms
How do the Jedi find Force-sensitives?
How did the Tauntaun's guts keep Luke warm on Hoth?
1960's book: man trapped in a computer or Virtual Reality experiment, is given clues on how to get out by the people running the experiment
Does a lightsaber have a cauterizing effect when cutting off appendages, or not?
What Stargate SG-1 episodes have Ben Browder and Claudia Black in them?
Did Tolkien create any other worlds?
90s cartoon, caveman in search of monster eggs that he revives into talking creatures that can evolve when endangered
Sailing West from Middle Earth as a Human
Did any of the EU material come from George Lucas?
Why was Severus Snape allowed to be a Death Eater?
Why do Bilbo and Frodo gain access to Valinor?
Was Gandalf the greatest of the Istari?
Did Lovecraft ever describe his fiction as 'cosmic horror'?
Books in the near-future with an American football-type game, superhuman players
Why don't Jedi and Sith wear minimal gear for maximal lightsaber efficiency?
Broken bonding in "Star Trek" (2009)
Dead scientist revived in a power armor/exoskeleton (liquid keeps him alive, sealed in the suit)?
Was Severus Snape made a Death Eater before or after he told Voldemort about the Prophecy?
Is Eureka a commune?
Was it possible to detect blood status of a wizard without his/her family information?
Looking for a YA horror anthology (90s?), all took place at The Something Academy
Where did the idea of vampires procreating by sharing blood originate?
Were force-sensitives "required" to become Jedi?
In Eureka Season 2, does Henry Deacon remember the circumstances of Kim Anderson's death?
How come Jane's Aiúa doesn't need to be on the new starships anymore?
Is the solar system in the Lord of the Rings based on our real solar system?
Are the coreward rimward names real science names or just sci-fi?
What happened to the Doctor's children?
How did imprisoned Sultan fulfill his bodily functions?
What did ships in Middle-earth look like?
Name of book similar to Joe Haldeman's "The Coming"
Are there any Marvel characters who can instantly heal others from injuries?
Are the MCU films based on canon storylines?
If Optimus and Megatron came to Earth 4 million years ago, why are the Transformers' robots forms so humanoid?
How many Entmoots do we know about?
How does 3-person 3-arm control work on the Chinese Jaeger?
Who were Sterns' test subjects in The Incredible Hulk?
Are human-looking Jedi/Sith like Palpatine and the Skywalkers the same (human) species as non-Force users?
What is the Speaker for the Dead cover depicting?
What happened to the Orcs after the Ring was destroyed and Sauron was defeated?
Youtube mini-series about people suddenly disappearing
How do the Weeping Angels commute?
How could the Doctor have healed this character’s hand?
Freezing a Weeping Angel at long range
Isolated space colony restricted to a very small mountainous area of an otherwise uninhabitable planet
Does a Force-sensitive person broadcast Force presence signal while asleep?
Sci FI Short story/Essay 1987-88 - Alien Archaeologists Misinterpreting Earth Artifacts
Why can't Cell go super Saiyan given he has Saiyan DNA?
Is the "Looming" of Time Lords Canon?
Why do some people include Nemesis and End of Eternity in the Foundation Universe?
How do the Doctor Who audio dramas of past doctors fit in with tv continuity?
Why were there no remains left in the "Killer Within" episode of The Walking Dead?
Novel or series about mages/magi and colored auras?
What's the origin of the distinctive noise that Transformers make when they transform?
Why didn't Rita and Zedd turn into ash?
Short story I read online about woman who lives in a society where no one ages and eventually she leaves her body to explore the universe
If Naga dies does Korra die too?
What is the last names of these characters in Avatar?
What short story collection has a teleporting murderer and tiny purple beings who take over the planet?
Leviathan Wakes - Protogen experiment on Eros
Old sci-fi book where a tunnel with varying values of pi leads to alien civilization
Why didn't they block the RFID chip in the dead guy's hand from Helix?
Would what Voldemort did at the end of Goblet of Fire have worked without his Horcruxes?
Which types of objects couldn't be made into a Horcrux?
A book about pocket universes
Planet where humans fight for access to algae
Did they ever return for 'The Book'
Magic underwater bike?
Twilight zone tv show where boy transported by toy.
What happens to spirits/souls of other creatues than Elves and Men after their death?
Why did Sauron keep Mount Doom alive after forging of the One Ring?
Is she able to kill with a mirror?
What really happened on Rob Broadhead's third Gateway trip?
Where do the X-Men get all their money/funding?
Why are the Ringwraiths fearful of coming into contact with water?
Republic virus to destroy droids
Cat-like people who can fly to space on crosses. Telekinetic powers. Cold world. Construct mirrors in space to warm planet. Probably 70's or 80's
Why did Howard Stark search for Captain America? Did he think he might be alive?
Why does everything deserve a nickname in A Song of Ice and Fire?
Of Half-elven and mortal life
Name of a Sci-Fi book about 'realist and vicarious life styles'
What has been said to be unique to Earth in the Star Trek universe?
Where does the Doctor take the TARDIS to get it repaired?
Movie about an alien girl with human parents, all three trying to run away
Does a stuffed 'Toby the Targ' toy exist?
Why did the Ringwraiths not fly the winged beasts to the Shire instead of riding the whole way there?
Was Toad's slime attack meant to do more than kill Jean Grey in X1?
Trying to find a childhood book where demons are summoned via fire and will power and new worlds can be created as offshoots
Will any of the Doctors remember what happened in "The Day of the Doctor"?
Where was Grond made? Barad-dûr? Orodruin?
Has J.K. Rowling ever explained the rules of the 'special effects' (bangs, flashes/jets of light, puffs of smoke) of magic?
Is the production of the T.V shows of Avatar going to stop being made?
Where were the rockets of "El Macho" headed?
Old horror movie with mutated ape-like people
Are there Warrant Officers in Starfleet?
How old was Lady Arwen, wife of Aragorn in the Lord of the Rings?
How did Mace Windu conclude that Darth Maul was a Sith?
Has the Meta-crisis Doctor grown his own TARDIS?
Is there any evidence supporting or contradicting the theory that Harry is an abused child, imagining it all?
How was the robot controller prop made in The Runaway Bride?
Boy with horse companion and tele/pyrokinesis; unknown author and date
What did Morpheus learn in The Sandman: The Dream Hunters?`
Is that Sebulba in Ep. 2?
Is the planet called "Earth That Was" totally uninhabited?
Did the Army of the West know why they were marching on the Black Gate?
Who is Wolverine promised to?
Why is Cloud Atlas named 'Cloud Atlas'?
Darth Vader returns to the Jedi?
Ring-bearers - who can notice what about whom and when?
Compasses on Arda
Humans exploring an alien world; natives trapped in a strange machine
What was the usage period of the EM33?
In ST:IV, what year do they time-warp to in 'the late 20th century'?
Why wasn't gunpowder more common in Middle Earth?
What do we know about Hagrid's father? Was he a wizard?
Did Finwe take up the Kingship of the Noldor again?
Stargate Home Symbol
A criminal is recruited by government agency and experimented on. Turns invisible and becomes a super spy
Are the Redwall creatures their natural real-world size?
Where did the idea of living toys, dolls, and dummies come from?
Why didn't The Doctor just stare at the angel to save Amy?
What's the title of a book about a startup which writes bioware for eyes?
Name of book about teenage boy from the future
goa'uld FTL drive technology
Why didn't the Nazgul or their beasts pick up the Hobbits' scent?
If Anakin Skywalker didn't get what he wanted as a Sith (to save Padmé), why was he still a Sith?
How did Crowley get the syringe?
Does using the Stargate make you younger?
Skye's origin story
Where did the term "energy signature" originate?
Is "The Fountain" a story about time travel, or a husband's grief?
Why is the "trilogy" made of five books?
A story about reality breaking down as timelines cross in increasing numbers
Where did the Doctor get the vortex manipulator?
In TNG S04E11 "Data's Day", how/why does Data serve as "father of the bride"?
Paris, the catacombs, anti-gravity skate punks
Why does Deadpool always have a yellow speech bubble?
Short story where aliens test random earthling couple for procreation
What destroyed the first recon plane in the movie Independence Day
When a ship drops out of warp does it retain the speed it was at when it entered warp?
How do you know if you are in the Twilight Zone?
Science fiction novel about a blackbird selling their song
Do Lord of the Rings or The Silmarillion pass the Bechdel test?
Earliest use of Relativity in SF?
How does Batman disappear?
Story about Mars running out of water?
Story about a woman cursed to be cold all the time
Do dragons have gender?
Hunting for a short story about earth having been isolated from the galactic civilization
Where does Beast bring 5 original X-Men from past to present?
How are the events in "Wolverine and the X-Men" integrated into to AvX storyline?
How is it that Robert Fisher could have been killed by his own projections?
What is the ranking order for the second stage of elimination in Divergent?
What are the positions of Maria Hill, Victoria Hand, and Nick Fury in the MCU?
What's outside of Middle-earth?
At What Age is the Average Child Ready for The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?
Trying to identify a novel with dragons
Who is Data's creator?
How many Death Eaters died before Voldemort lost power the first time?
Books describing different kinds of spaceships
What happened to the Lion Turtles?
Businessman berates beggar and is then turned into a beggar
What evidence is there that Jax Amnell is a descendent of Richard and Kahlan?
Are there any phoenix like creatures in Tolkien's fantasy universe?
What real-life cities have been used as the basis for cities in The Lord of the Rings?
How did the invasion begin?
Why didn't the Grand Army of the Republic overthrow Palpatine when he announced the Empire?
What 90s TV movie has a young boy finding and raising a Godzilla-like monster to attack a bad guy?
YA medieval fantasy written before 1976 about a girl banished from the royal court
Young adult sci fi book - two people from a spaceship stranded on a planet for a few years
What happens to Poole in 2001: A Space Odyssey?
What species of Bear is Bosco and where was he found?
Movie with magical book showing events of any day in history, except missing days of the Gregorian calendar change
Comic book story identification
What is the relationship between the three "Clone Wars" properties?
Did Peter Jackson deliberately introduce the cinematic dichotomous use of light in 'The Desolation of Smaug'?
Why did Heather Bram not get cured?
Movie where guy pilots ship to his death screaming "IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL!"?
Trying to find an old space opera book set on a planet called Coventry (not the Heinlein story)
How could The Doctor lie in Time of the Doctor?
How come the stargate doesn't burn through the iris?
How was Jonas Quinn able to learn so fast?
How does the TARDIS look from the outside when something large crashes into it?
Does Ridley Scott foreshadow a revelation early in Prometheus?
Why didn't Megatron kill Starscream in G1?
Is there anything beyond subtle hints that Jack becomes the Face of Boe?
Short Story: Humans as the bad guys
Android reshapes dice in casino
What becomes of V'ger at the end of Star Trek: The Motion Picture?
What was Andromeda Tonks's relationship like with her sisters before she was disowned?
Was tiny guy role in Captain America also played by Chris Evans?
With whom is Yennefer confused in the aftermath of the battle of Sodden Hill?
Movie with "hero" jumping from a bridge in a condor-like suit
Is Palmer Eldritch alive or dead?
What is the chronological order for the Star Trek series?
2x19 Lifesigns: Why does The Doctor give access to the medicinal database?
Looking for a Science Fiction Omnibus
If someone was in another's memory, wouldn't they see it from that person's perspective?
Why is the Burrow so cramped on the inside?
Looking for a particular book, and all I remember is the cover
Supercomputer explores earth after nuclear war, then fights enemy supercomputer
Is a spell forever?
Short story where rain only on one side of the house gives away fake world?
How were the Buggers able replicate the Battle School game world on Eros?
Virtual reality computer game set in a fantasy world
Novel (1950s or 60s) about a cook on a spaceship to Venus.
What Star Trek TNG episode involves a strange repeating sound that is a combination of voices on the ship?
What Star Trek TNG Episode featured multiple versions of Data from different dimensions?
What function do Xindi cheek holes serve?
Is there any sun-color that gives humans "Kryptonian" powers?
How strong is Superman on Krypton?
Is Death supposed to have a scythe?
Carabao and telescope story
Is "Lightbringers and Rainmakers" a standalone work, or is it an excerpt of "The Rise of Ransom City"?
What order should I read the Patternist/Patternmaster series in?
Song in Mobius Dick
Telepathy vs. Telekinesis in Marvel Universe
Book or Series name/author-the original book cover has a wizard standing before a door with runes on it
Is there a longer version of "Jipi and the Paranoid Chip"?
YA horror/suspense book from the 90s
Short story about people achieving enlightenment living forever with disembodied minds
Far-future fantasy novel where a character turns out to be an android
Is Harry Potter an analogue or plagiarism of Earthsea base story?
An animated movie about a dwarf or gnome that seems to be good but turns evil by killing the bad guy with a gun at the end
Looking for a Trio based Fantasy series for Children
Has Clara recovered the "Journey to the centre of the TARDIS" memories?
Is there an official word from Card about reading order of the "Formic Wars" prequel series?
A story about Earth in far future with a civilization centered around a huge tree
Etymology of "raman"
Find a movie about alien invasion implants devices into human heads for mind control
Star Trek Series Episode (I think) where crew get stuck in a time warp and have to wait several years to warn their past selves to set it right?
If the Doctor were to open the TARDIS under water in the ocean, what would happen?
If the link to the hivemind was severed, what effects would this have on the Borg?
How did Vader beat the Millennium Falcon to Bespin?
Short story where dolphins repopulate the land
SW prequel Yoda: "Attachment leads to jealousy, the shadow of greed, that is". What does this line mean?
How do Animagi and Polyjuice Potion mix in Harry Potter?
Who was more of a Casanova , Kirk or Riker (based on count of bedmates)?
Was there a CIA/MI6 in Federation?
Why does Black Widow's hair change in every movie?
Does Michael Moorcock's Elric pass Bechdel test?
Why is "Chernobog" such a popular idea with fantasy creators?
Is Forbidden Forest east or west of Hogwarts?
Sci fi short story about a boy experiencing space travel out of suspended animation
70's or 80's movie with flying bikes over a desert
SciFi work that had artificial birds turning on humans?
Looking for a story title- about dimension traveling spaceship that shows alternate versions of the pilot
What are all intelligence agencies in Star Trek universe?
How did the Basilisk manage to travel and kill?
Transformers Masterforce/Victory - Does God Ginrai lose Jin chokon?
Movie featuring a man whose skin blows fire when he becomes angry
What 50s/60s movie had an astronaut who came back to earth as a pock-marked "radiation monster"
Identify story about boy in a driving license exam
Book about a world of women where a man crash lands trying to find his way home?
Identify short story about two energy beings creating a human out of clay
In Thor: The Dark World, what is the name of the language that Malekith and the other svartalfr speak?
Was Kalidor explicitly intended to be Conan?
Do "Conan" movies pass Bechdel test?
Does the Sorting Hat ever win an argument with a student?
Was Admiral Cain always so cold?
Why did DC Comics change The Daily Star to The Daily Planet?
Transformers Victory toyline - was there a God Ginrai toy?
Does Alien actually pass the Bechdel test?
Why the Asgardians didn't use the Tesseract against the Dark Elves
40-yr-old SFF Novel: planet only half visible, metal doesn't work in one half
Why were there no Interdictor-class Star Destroyers included in the taskforce hunting the rebels at the Battle of Hoth?
Why does Luke say he's okay with having to sell his speeder?
Trying to remember name of a SciFi movie where an astronaut on the moon uses a rat to find his ship
Did the Asgardians need the Tesseract to rebuild the Bifrost Bridge?
Question about silo project in Dust
Sci-fi book and TV series: teenage clones on a spaceship ark, remembering their original lives
Movie where an astronaut finds a space module by looking his clock
What deviations from the book did the movie "The Desolation of Smaug" have?
Looking for a short story about stopping hurricanes with nuclear weapons
Looking for a short story, probably late '70's early 80's science fiction re driving banned car
What did the Dark Queen give to Rumplestiltskin for the Dark Curse?
Are "The 10th Kingdom" and "Once Upon a Time" related?
In Star Trek, would space particles impart drag on the ship, even if moved by the deflector field?
In TRON: Legacy, how could Quorra help the human race?
Why doesn't Gandalf whip it out in the major battles?
What are the Undying Lands like, and what sort of lives do Frodo, Bilbo, Gandalf and the Elves find there?
Why did the crewman have to be in an ion pod in Star Trek "Court Martial"?
In which Realm did Asgardians leave the Aether?
What could go wrong if two Infinity Stones were kept in the same Realm?
What makes up Midgard?
Why couldn't Odin go to wars?
Why didn't Aether attack Thor and Odin when they touched Jane?
Film where walking special paths would lead to unexpected locations
Child with others in stasis on spaceship - wakes up due to malfunction
SF novel about a vicar meeting an alien machine
Why are there orange and purple people in Tron?
Were the Kaiju metamorphic animals?
Are there any settings with rules for neural interfaces?
How does David Sarif manage to avoid the corrupted signal?
Lost in alien world - Comic book identification
How did Dorium Maldovar know?
Are Midi-chlorians able to be infused or transplanted?
Do we ever hear Trenzalore/Gallifrey's message in episodes prior to The time of the Doctor?
Help identify 1980ish fantasy trilogy about three brothers
Book identification: Book about an adolescent boy interested in WW2 memorabilia, wakes up in different time period.
Pronunciation of Van Vogt
Early 90s book series: bicycle in 13th(?) gear travels to other worlds
Identify book about girl who creates warmth with musical instrument
What happened to the white Ka'kari?
In The Walking Dead, if everyone is infected, why are the zombies trying to eat them and not other zombies?
Fantasy series: businessman buys amulet to become king of another world
Why would Ramsay Snow be so cruel to his prisoner in season 3?
Early '80s sci-fi/fantasy graphic novel made with real photographs?
Is Game of thrones series inspired by The accursed kings series?
"Dead" mech pilots and interplanetary war?
Fantasy book series with dinosaurs and humans inhabiting a semi-magical world
Why did the Klingons side with Humans after the Tomed Incident?
Why is Harry Potter a half-blood?
What are the criteria for receiving an official Marvel universe designation (Movies/TV)?
Who would a female (pureblood) Sith bond with?
Book Ident.? About kids getting sucked into video game
Why didn't Eddard send Theon home before riding South with Robert?
Looking for an early-80's short story about "the alien next-door"
Why aren't all Professors Ravenclaws?
Did any of Voldemort's dedicated followers know he wasn't pure-blood?
Was Buffy in an institution before "Normal Again"?
What was the significance of the hummingbird in the movie Cowboys & Aliens(2011)?
Was HAL correct?
Proper pronunciation of Kvothe from Kingkiller Chronicles?
What's the breakdown of Hogwart's Professor in Houses?
Can the Enterprise-D connect to another ship?
Book about a lighthouse keeper sent to a remote island with mutant sea-people?
Who was the first publicly recognized Super Hero before the advent of comic books?
Do we ever see what an engine room looks like without its warp core?
When muggles are invited to Hogwarts, how come other muggles don't find out about the wizard life?
Looking for a short science fiction story about a giantess and a man sent to kill her
Why didn't Sauron find Bilbo when he put on the ring like Frodo?
How do the Replicators get to the Asgard galaxy?
What is "pinchfire"?
Do I read all the books in "The Sundering"?
What is the mount that Thranduil is on when he arrives in the Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey?
What TV show has someone getting married and having kids in a VR machine?
Why doesn't Drizzt change his last name?
Young adult fantasy series from 80s or 90s with a green "demon"
The pod with the sleeping astronauts
The 2nd Jack and Vicka
Let There Be Light Story Identification
Why are the boxes in "Primer" recyclable?
Is there any particular reason why Gandalf got resurrected in the forest, and so did Sauron (Dol Goldur)?
Casting a Vanishing Charm to a human
Why doesn't Clara Kalliam return to her parents or family when her husband's name is disgraced?
Do the deviations in the intro always relate to the episode?
Questions about the Infinite Improbability Drive?
Is there anything to say that Vaatu's vines were creating Spirit Wilds
Why isn't Daenerys and Jorah's relationship affected by his slave trade?
Cartoon with a young unicorn and a demon
Did Dobby do a "camera-take?"
Name of short story about earthlings trapped on foreign planet
Novel where teens can communicate telepathically & explore space by leaving their physical bodies
Dystopian future, an old novel where everyone only has a three day memory?
Why is killing someone using the Avada Kedavra spell considered worse or different than killing him with any other means?
In the movie version of Ender's Game, Col. Graff's computer shows a very short time until the end of Ender's training
Story about clockwork mice?
When does Illyana Rasputin train with Doctor Strange?
Why can't umbreon use moon blast?
Did everything in episodes 2-5 really happen in Doctor Who - The Mind Robber?
What is the significance of the background alicorns?
Why did Seven of Nine become human so aggressively?
Why didn't Michonne's tied-up zombies try to eat her?
A book about brothers with magical powers, set in southern United States
What led Cain to suspect impending doom after the events of Diablo II: Lord of Destruction, but before Diablo III?
Where is Middle-earth and is it flat or curved?
How did the Sith rule before?
Why didn't Snape alert Dumbledore immediately and transport him to Little Hangleton after he felt the Dark Mark burn?
Why was Pete so easily fooled by Paracelsus in the season four finale?
Why are there no other intelligent aliens in the 2004 Battlestar Galactica universe?
Humanity meeting another similar intelligent life form deep into space (or not)?
Can SG teams travel to different galaxies without extra power or an 8th chevron?
Why is Cinnamon Bun blue?
Was the first Leto II also the Kwisatz Haderach?
Boy accidentally travels back in time with a device meant to allow people to view the past without being there
Short story about a house built in 4 dimensions
Are there any references to 'Excalibur' comics in Thor: The Dark World?
What is the significance of Southend-on-Sea?
Why does Magister Illyrio have slaves if they're not allowed in Pentos?
science fiction short story of a house of misfits with talking toaster?
Where does the extra mass come from in a high-mass morph?
Short story about things being randomly displaced in time
SciFi book from 80s or 70s with a cover having a giant golden eagle fighting a giant serpent
In X-Men: First Class, in the beginning scene, why doesn't the child Erik attempt to kill Shaw?
Identify an old story about a group of humans engulfed by a slime-mold-like entity
Which movie/TV show has an evil cyborg harvesting eyes from androids in a hidden town?
Giant computer sucks thoughts from population
When did Krypton explode?
What happens to Harry's Firebolt and trunk after they fell from the flying motorcycle?
Why wasn't Ned Stark king instead of Robert Baratheon?
Story about a young man with photographic memory who becomes a space doctor
Sci-fi novel with humans and alien hive enemy stranded on planet together after space battle
SciFi book in English translated from French circa 1970-1980
Looking for name of short story in anthology book
Why did Marlon Brando want the "S" to be the symbol of the "House of El"?
Looking for a scifi book about simulating colonizing another world
Looking to find a specific post-apopcalyptic fantasy novel where scientific method is applied to magic
In the new Robocop (2014) film, is Alex Murphy in control of himself as Robocop?
Book: Female protagonist transformed into alien on alien planet
Woman falls in love with alien who helps her fight the invasion
Why can't Hastur be named?
Why did the Daleks bother to leave Adelaide Brooke alive?
Why do Hastur & Cthulhu hate each other?
How could Ned trust Theon as his ward?
Is the world of "A Song of Ice and Fire" round or flat?
Why didn't HAL use the pod to kill Bowman too?
Goa'uld population growth
What is the name of 80's or 90's paperback with a woman in a red jumpsuit holding a bag of crystal shards on the cover?
Was this part of Berserker Series by Saberhagen?
science fiction book where nano technology is everywhere and a man is married to a computer program
Why do so many Targaryen names contain 'ae'?
Why could the Istari attack Dol Goldur?
What does it mean that Vernon Dursley is the director of Grunnings?
How could Loki have known what Thor said to Odin?
What's the title of a short sci fi story about how the universe doesn't want the past to change?
Muggle Borns and Social Workers
What is the origin of Dol Goldur, and why did Sauron start there?
Do the Ainur age?
Memory Charms are criminal?
How big is the known Star Trek universe?
Is there any story or series that bad guy or Dark Side wins in the end?
Is there any specific canon info on where Goa'uld larvae come from?
How can The Accursed One deflect Thor's Hammer?
Book about a mathematician turned into a dragon
How can someone invent a spell
What short story has a future bicycle shop owner surprised when two parents actually visit the shop?
Short story about generation ship leaving from Pluto
Where did the money for continuing the Jaeger program come from?
How does Bonnie (& her friends) not know that Katherine isn't dead?
Is there anything political in Lord Of Rings
Story with VR worlds for the wealthy
What happens to Angels or Demons in Supernatural when they die?
Book Identification with an Ice Planet
Short story where man realises he is the only real person in the universe, after seeing discrepancies in weather
Is there a rationale behind the difference between Autobot and Decepticon vehicle choices?
Clash of Kings - Why did Theon seize Winterfell? Was it to prove his loyalty to his father?
Is there a power equivalent to the Aether?
Why do people claim that Rhaegar was the last Dragon?
Story identification: live action sci-fi series about aliens related to a comet and gold hexagons as the symbol
Help me find a film with a pegasus, an astronaut and Chosen Children
Some strategic questions about Battle of Hogwarts
How does holodeck keep people from running into the walls?
What cartoon had a cloud city guarded by angels above a volcanic earth, and a devil-like monster?
Is it likely that there was an organic civilisation on Cyberton before the Transformers?
How would one navigate on Larry Niven's "Ringworld"?
Was Carn Dum of Angmar built over Utumno?
Sci-fi series about a parallel world peopled by lizard men, the portal of which was discovered by an alcoholic in his apartment?
Would preserved bodies (such as ones encased in ice) reanimate when thawed out?
Children's graphic novel series, schoolboy twin protagonists retrieve formula that lets them transform to insects
In what novel does a girl-turned-vampire discover she also inherited supernatural powers from her father?
Transformers - Origin of Dinobots (canon)
What was Littlefinger's motivation for the Purple Wedding?
What did Voldemort intend to use as the horcrux he planned to make by killing Harry Potter?
TV series about children ending up in father's computer game
Which sci-fi short story had musically talented teens who must choose between long life or normal life span and musical immortality?
Which sci-fi story had a space-traveling family stranded on a planet and the sons chased by an animal with a triangular-shaped body?
Immortal Doctor: Can Doctor Who give himself unlimited regenerations?
Is Beagalltach mentioned in the Iron Druid Chronicles?
Name of a late 70s early 80s TV show
Face to face confrontation with an alien being
The Concept of being a "Prime" in the Transformers film universe
Transformers: The Dark of the moon - Optimus and The Ark
Sentinel Prime alt-mode (Transformers: The Dark of the Moon, 2012 film)
Who are Littlefinger's three queens?
Need help identifying the fantasy book about a portal to a fantasy land in the basement of a house
Can Aragorn live forever?
When does the 11th Doctor find a glowing tree in the TARDIS?
Who is the oldest character in LotR trilogy?
Short story about mis-delivered cloning kit from the future
Could a Lannister have been behind the poisoning that occurred on the day of Joffrey's wedding?
How long does it take Bruce Wayne to get into his Bat Suit?
Military Sci fi book where humans can "jack into" whatever machinery or technology they want to control
Did Roose Bolton blunder in sending out some of his army in the North?
Are there criteria for being a super hero and does Batman meet them?
looking for the title of a sci-fi short story about odd object, 2 children and 4th or 5th dimension
What did Saruman mean by "Something festers in the heart of Middle-earth"?
Story about time traveler who comes back to download peoples consciousness before they die
I'm trying to identify a short story title, maybe "Killbird"
Who's on the Top level of clearance in the S.H.I.E.L.D. if its not Director Fury?
Name of book with a planet with one alien left alive?
UK TV 1980-1984 Sci-Fi - woman with no facial features, just a nose!
What is the meaning behind "Pillar of Autumn"?
Film about a dying Earth, so a crew of astronauts are sent to save human race in a distant planet
What evidence confirms or denies the existence of Robin's utility belt?
Human race looked upon as virus- or bacteria culture in a petri dish with bactericid surrounding
Effect of Basilisk's stare on Fawkes the phoenix
Why did Jabba the Hutt enslave Leia?
When and how did James Potter save Snape?
Film or book trilogy about sentient weapons
Who or what is the oldest sentient being in Tolkien's lore?
Why did Sylar go to Kirby Plaza?
Film identification : Possesion of cursed document leads to death (by giant gargoyle)
Can Magneto control light as well?
Book about attack by aliens that decimate entire human fleet and take a single prisoner
Was there any kind of church in Middle Earth?
What is the origin of the vampire's drudge?
Why does Guardians of the Galaxy start at Volume 2 instead of Volume 1?
Short film where a man travels into the future and returns to tell about a paradise society?
Linked short stories about humans with healing powers
In the Resident Evil film, why does the Red Queen kill everybody in The Hive?
Teen novel about a boy challenging Death, including a bowling match
What happened to all the other Alice clones?
What were Delenn and G'Kar doing on Centauri Prime?
Characteristics of Wildfire - GoT
In the Legend of Korra what would have happened if there was only one spirit portal open during Harmonic Convergence?
Can any ebook be stored and read on the ereader for 'The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy'?
Do Doctor Who and Star Trek occur in the same universe?
Why did Dorian Gray react like this to his portrait?
Why did the observers travel through time instead of colonising a new planet?
How do Time lords/Gallifreyans breed, and can they do so with humans?
Do alternate versions of Guinan's race exist, and how do they consider the state of their universe?
Why do the Wise always wait and watch until they are destroyed?
The King Of Numenor's Sword
Avengers, Fantastic Four and Guardians of the Galaxy Timeline
Why did Númenóreans fear and dislike Valar?
What was Saruman the White's purpose?
Why did Voldemort want to kill the Potters in the first place?
Did Saruman continue to exist as an ethereal Maiar after he was murdered?
Time between specific Daenerys events in A Dance With Dragons
What is the basis for Doc Brown and Marty McFly's friendship?
Why do Pokemon obey their trainers?
Do atheists exist in the world of A Song of Ice and Fire?
Does Middle-earth have nobility?
An exploration of an old, round library
who is the old spock in star trek movie?
Why did Roose Bolton use this tactic?
Farscape: Leviathans in the wild
How is it possible that Dumbledore worked on the Philosopher's stone with Flamel?
Did Jabba let slave Leia sleep?
Looking for a short story about time travel; characters attempting to fix a boat
Fantasy (I think) about afterlife where you live your life backwards after dying?
Why don't Marty and Doc Brown use petrol from the Delorean in the mine in BTTF3?
Did Slave Leia view Jabba as her Master?
I am looking for a Sci-Fi book about starships that cause supernovas
Were the Longbottoms also in hiding?
Why didn't Ben use all the ultimate aliens?
Who is doctor Who?
Where do the Aliens come from?
Is there a female Predator?
Short Story collection about monsters
How does the Reaping work in The Hunger Games?
How are multiple volunteers handled during the Reaping?
How could Han Solo possibly fall for Luke's con?
How did Luke suddenly know that Leia was a "Princess"?
Book where humans on another planets are cannibals
Did high level Imperial officers join the Rebellion?
Why doesn't Leia get Force training in the original movies?
In comics, does S.H.I.E.L.D. have tech to revive dead?
Why is Agent Coulson so important to Director Fury?
What weapons do Predators use?
Where do Gremlins come from?
Can a curse, jinx or spell be fought off or resisted?
"Time Lords" and "Gallifreyans". What's the difference?
Cannibal eats himself, in movie or series episode
What happens to the "Red Comet"?
How much freight could the Millennium Falcon carry or pull?
Why are grails not used as source of raw materials on Riverworld?
Do eunuchs have something distinctive so people can tell them apart?
When Lex Luthor ran for president, who did the man on the street think it was?
Are there other types of Elves in Harry Potter?
War of the Worlds: movie timeline
Why was the 21st chapter in the early American publications of A Clockwork Orange omitted?
Fantasy Children's Book; Characters Must Race Into Place to Play Roles on Each Page
What was the basis for Lord Renly's claim to the throne?
If Maggie believes zombies are sick people, why does she kill one in her first scene
Heinlein -- long hair in 1958?
In Space Seed was it a mistake when the bridge could communicate with engineering even though all communications were jammed?
Is there any info about how the paintings function?
Why was Riker's duplicate not promoted?
Why doesn't the lightsaber cut the guardrail in Episode 6?
What happened to the Vanishing Cabinets?
Could Green Lantern: The Animated Series be considered part of the DCAU?
What happens if no one survives the Hunger Games?
Why is the use of lightning in modern day characters usually associated with villains and/or with being bad?
Adventurer enters an other-dimensional realm where he repeatedly dies unexpectedly and wakes up in reality
What happens if vampires in Anne Rice's books drink the last drop of someone's blood?
Why does Mal abandon the Tams in “Safe”?
A short story about a woman alone on a spaceship, she gives birth on the way to a planet, and is all alone
Mid 1980's book or series: hacker augmented with injected nano-chips
How did YT end up in the van with religious people in Snow Crash? (spoilers)
Why are only children chosen for the Hunger Games?
Who (or what) is the richest entity in the Song of Ice and Fire series?
Which book explains the story about how Boba Fett escapes his fate?
Blob/thing in cave cures villagers by absorbing their diseases
What is the relevance of Norway in the stories about The Avengers?
If everyone is infected with the zombie virus, would a non-life threatening "bite" turn a human into a zombie?
Did Voldemort know what kind of plans Draco was making against Dumbledore?
Why do wizards use odd watches in the Potterverse?
Why is the MiB suit the last suit Jay will ever wear?
Why can't the Ministry of Magic trace Unforgivable Curses?
Book about magician apprentice and stairway
Can Ronan Dex be fed upon by a Wraith (possible plot hole)?
Is there any information on the (external) etymology of "Gandalf"?
In the Star Wars universe, is Bacta red or blue?
Are there any technological limitations in the Star Wars universe?
Where does "magic" come from in LOTR?
How is Data alive in "All Good Things" when he died in Nemesis?
High probability the Chandrian die in "Doors of Stone"
Star Trek (2009), why does Nero not destroy the Enterprise?
Short story about a boy fighting mechanical spiders for money while being filmed for tv
Can you order a replacement wand?
Book ID: Fantasy tale of finding 5 keys for a mysterious door
How did Dracula get into Lucy's home?
Movie with children playing amongst travelers stranded at a bus station
Why is Kirk dressed in Gold?
In P.C. Hodgell's Kencyrath books, is Bane dead?
Sunlight + Cave Troll
Why did Scotty attempt to talk to the computer?
Where to start with Guardians of the Galaxy?
What was Voyager's final crew count?
Why couldn't Melkor return from the void after the War of Wrath?
The flash in Walter Bishop's eye
Does the Star Trek `reboot` mean that Star Trek TNG (et. al.) never happened?
What is the overall point of Gibson's "Burning Chrome" short story?
Can the Delorean meet its speed requirement without moving?
An AI gradually slowing down its perception of time
Recent horror movie where paranormal researchers prove ghosts exist and are targeted by those very ghosts
Astronaut is freed from mind parasite when he leaves Earth's gravity well
Generally speaking, how much does the Incredible Hulk weigh?
The Tower of Elwing
Underground particle detector finds alien signal
About Creation Of Orcs And Dwarves
Is there any significance to the patterns of Bifrost Landing sites?
What story ends with a chimney walking away?
Why did the Capitol's highly civilized people never vote down the Hunger Games?
40+ year old book: anarchists on the moon, a physicist travels to the planet to save the enemy
What novel series has a young boy travelling across space with librarians and a bat-like dog?
How did Data's emotion chip become fused
If the Lost in Space ship could travel faster-than-light, why didn’t they do that in the first place?
Does the Robot from Lost in Space undergo a sudden emotional transformation?
80s/90s fantasy movie where flattened wizard slides down stairs
How could the inhabitants of the Matoran Universe be unaware of its nature? [Massive Spoilers]
A full length story involving genetically engineered dolphins
Is there any in-universe canon mention of Princess Leia's cinammon bun hairstyle?
Once made, why would anybody need access to their own Horcruxes?
What happens to UnHorcruxed Soul Fragments?
Are magic (and religion) just higher-level science in the DC universe?
A book featuring the superweapon AKKA
About The Lighting In Arda After The Destruction Of The Two Lamps
A short story about a scientist who invents a sanity test which most people fail
Novel where one of the characters is a sentient starship?
Was technology the same when the Capitol began hosting the Hunger Games seven decades ago?
Comic book that was released in the 80s
What's the relationship of Sarah Jones with The Vampire Diaries?
When did Darth Vader/Anakin really lose his right hand?
How much do the Castithans in Defiance resemble Elves?
Why don't Tick's powers hurt Billy in the 13th Reality series?
Would Wood count as Earth in Avatar?
Can you blood bend Trees in Avatar?
Looking for old comedy movie set in medieval times
Is Star Trek Continues considered canonical?
Why do the Apples have such a strong accent?
Short story of airplane passengers removed before a crash, by humans from the future who are in need of healthy people. Not Millennium.
Where did the Millennium Falcon learn to communicate?
What is the ritual that Rosalee and Monroe's mother performed?
Book where alien boy crashes on Earth and communicates with deer
Unified Warp Scale
Why didn't R2-D2 and/or C-3PO spill the beans?
How did Starbuck find her way back after leaving Caprica?
Superman/Supergirl in ancient Rome/Germany?
Terry Brooks - is there a book which explains how Wishsong works
Is Duncan Idaho in Frank Herbert's Dune series a Harkonnen?
Why is Lord Robert Arryn named Robert?
A visitor pass to the desolate earth.
Are C3PO and R2D2 different from normal Star Wars Droids?
Trying to track YA novel - virtual reality simulation aboard an interstellar generation ship
Was Hagrid an Occlumens?
How did the Doc land the Delorean in 1885?
Story/book identification - Star Wars Choose Your Own Adventure, fighting Boba Fett
People can transfer physical and/or mental abilities to another person through magic
What comics cover the Iron Man origin story?
Author and title of SF book about Humans invaded by a Alien Galactic organization how they regain independence with help of an alien huntsmaster
Series where they find a key and chest that leads to ancient rome
If not President Snow, who was the mastermind of the Hunger Games?
Are wands made to the exact same specifications identical?
How did 'Thing' change locations in The Addams Family (TV series)?
Do zombies need oxygen in Walking Dead?
Is the Robocop universe the same as the Terminator universe?
Why did Cypher betray Morpheus?
grey goo planet which assimilates tech and spreads through the galaxy
Did the World Engine from ‘Man of Steel’ appear in Superman comic books?
What were the Terminator's instructions following termination of Sarah Connor?
What is the song of ice and fire?
Fractal Prince/Quantum Thief - Gevulot
Did Buck Rogers Starfighters Have Retracting Wings?
How did Superman play the "disappearing" game as a kid?
What 60s movie has a girl with alien and human identities who leaves earth with a human man?
Looking for Russian science-fiction short story
Norse mythology in Battlestar Galactica?
Did Captain Janeway have the moral authority to make the offer to clone the crew?
70s or 80s tv show, possibly post-apocalyptic with a massive train-like car
How does the Tardis translate back?
What is the correct pronunciation of "Warg"?
Name of a kids sci-fi story about living shadows controlling their owners?
Is the One Ring’s appearance described in the books?
Is there a difference between Superman’s Gotham City and Batman’s?
How long does it take to forge a Maester's chain?
Please help identify disaster movie
How does time dilation affect Honorverse missiles?
Post-apocalyptic movie about matriarchal society
Rocket crashes back to Earth that has technology, but doesn't use it much
Do the Weasley twins know that Sirius, Lupin, James and Peter are the Marauders?
Why didn't the Jedi use Order 65?
Why were they eating bowls of snot?
Pre-1980 sci-fi with "stitching through space"
What are the Hempstocks in "The Ocean at the end of the lane" by Neil Gaiman
What is that alien in Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.?
Movie Identification: 1980/1990's sci-fi with people on a spaceship getting killed in cryosleep/Virtual reality
Do any of the live-action DC Comics based shows share a continuity?
How did all the dragons die in Game of Thrones?
After Hoth, why did Vader pursue the Millennium Falcon instead of Luke's X-Wing?
What is the faint and distant signal?
Who was in the Security Council?
Where did they find the storm troopers for the original Star Wars trilogy movies?
80's cartoon / real-life models mix
What is the origin of "ghem"?
Why are eunuchs allowed to ride the cart to Vaes Dothrak?
People are possessed by heroes or demons, gaining supernatural powers
1940's movie about a house being fakely haunted, turns out to actually be inhabited by two ghosts
Space General incites a revolution
Why do stormtroopers wear white?
Why is Tasha Yar's hologram semi-transparent?
Why are the Klingons so friendly in The Undiscovered Country?
Contents of each pod for Thunderbird 2
Why does the Doctor frequently land in England?
Movie Identification: 1980/1990's movie with flying creatures and a beautiful actress
Can anyone wield a Green Lantern ring?
What was the purpose of pausing on this photo in the Legend of Korra?
Does The Doctor ever have a non-British companion or non-humanoid friend?
What is the provenance of the pictures on Kirk's wall?
Why can't modern weapons kill Godzilla?
Why did Dax and Sisko see different worlds when landing in the Wormhole?
Was Snape better at Potions or Defence Against the Dark Arts?
Hyperdrive vs Warp drive. Which is fastest?
Can Leia understand Huttese?
Thunderbird 2 Grippers
What lightsaber form does Leia use?
Propulsion methods of the sentinels in the matrix
What's so wrong with pointy shoes?
Why hasn’t Rick turned into a Walker?
What were the plans for future thunderbirds episodes?
Why did he have to die to kill Peter Pan?
In which episode are there two Doctors at a time?
Does 'Elder' in the Elder Wand refer to the wood or its age?
Has technological progress stopped or reached a peak in the Star Wars universe?
What book - boy travels from home city and gets distended by gravity?
Translation of "The Glass Bead Game" by Hermann Hesse
In the Walking Dead, why did some people not turn after being infected?
Novel about astronauts returning to depopulated Earth
SF movie/tv show from 60s/70s about a fake/duplicate earth
Are there multiple Jabberwockies in Once Upon a Time in Wonderland?
Why did the Machines tolerate the existence of the Merovingian and other "rogue" programs?
Trying to find a book about a fallen guardian angel and his assignment (who got turned into a vampire)
Trying to find a specific book about clones
Did Green Lantern ever have a 'Robin'
Is V's lair based in a real place?
Why does the model ship in Picard's ready room change?
How do Alyssa's Tears never reach the ground?
How would Abe's Plan to Punch Platts Work?
Movie about a haunted house
Why do Worf and Geordie have different ranking pips when they’re both Lieutenants?
YA time travel book where a family skips forward through time
How did Smith get out of the Matrix?
In the film version of Goblet of Fire, what are the Death Eaters chanting at the Quidditch World Cup?
How accurate is the Chinese spoken in Firefly?
Can wizards and witches improve their eyesight in Harry potter's world?
Can Superman die from massive blood loss?
Would it have been possible for Harry to kill Voldemort by drinking liquid luck?
What qualities made Slughorn wanted by Voldemort?
How did the Gaunt family get a hold of the ressurection stone?
old fantasy novel with ravens or crows and magic staff
Could Superman really fly?
How did Ardra penetrate the Enterprise' shields so easily?
What symbol does Gandalf put on Bilbo's door?
Why did the Baron Harkonnen cut off Rabban?
Are the Founders telepathic with solids?
Meaning of the term - in the blind
In how much danger were the students who were evacuated for the battle of Hogwarts?
In the Foundation universe, what is the longest distance mentalists can touch minds?
Looking for title of a sci-fi story about a one-way space journey
Can ghosts affect the physical world?
Can't remember an old movie and only remember a minor scene
When is Fahrenheit 451 set?
Why did Dumbledore put students in danger by not removing the vanishing cabinet from the Room of Requirement?
The Walking Dead "Alone" timeline
Need help identifying a 90's sci fi cartoon
What was the point of taking The Keymaker to the Winslow Overpass in The Matrix Reloaded?
Was there a Minority Report for John Anderton?
Do the Pre-cogs detect suicides?
Is the possibility of Harry being named Elvendork from the books?
Multiple Room 101's in 1984
Short story about English Language Transformation?
Is the BTTF Series of games considered canon?
What 90s kids fantasy TV series featured a world in a box, and possibly Andrew Sachs?
Why are the B-1 battle droids in the Star Wars prequels and The Clone Wars (2008-2014) so dumb?
Can magic be used to transform a muggle into a witch/wizard? (HP universe)
Short story/novella wherein everyone's following patterns like parts of a machine
Why do the Jedi insist on the concept of "No Attachment"?
Why did Snape suspect Harry in Year Two?
Why didn't Snape read Harry's mind and know it wasn't him?
What anime has a character becoming aware of cows suffering when eating a burger?
How did Boba Fett know to hide in the Star Destroyer "Avenger"'s garbage?
Looking for title of book about alien planet with multiple alien species
How did the Millennium Falcon escape discovery?
How does Goku know about the Hyperbolic Time Chamber?
Virus replicating through signals to civilizations
Could one obtain an object to destroy a Horcrux in the Room of Requirements?
The Original Toy Story?
What was the official cause of the Great Mushroom War?
Bite vs Blood Infection
Another Earth confusion with man's family
Did the events of LOTR War in the North take place in Tolkien’s writings?
How did the Tet destroy Earth's moon?
List of Weirding Words for the Weirding Module in Dune?
The last human and a last-of-his-kind alien escape the destruction of Earth
What live-action 80s show had a metal pterodactyl?
Why would Voyager require 75 years to return home?
What does "subatomic" mean in Star Trek universe?
When did C3PO get his restraining bolt removed?
Where did the daylight come from in the interior of Babylon 5?
Do Squibs have a prolonged lifespan, like other wizards?
How did the New Republic gain control of Coruscant?
What is the relationship between Paul Atreides and the Guild Navigators?
Why didn’t the Doctor give Rose some regeneration energy?
I am trying to figure out the title of a book I read in the early 1980's
Why does the EMH use the computer?
How does the Trade Federation fall?
Need help identifying this 'space novel'
Heroic Federation-like organization gains the ability to predict entropy hijinks ensue
Movie about flying shark type of creatures
What 80s BBC kids’ TV show had children fitting together machinery they found in the countryside?
What's the book by Heinlein that contains all other books?
What is known about Side-Along-Apparition in Harry Potter?
How are Wolverine's claws still in his body?
YA short horror story from the 90's? Student obsessed with teacher kills herself Cover art had a ghostly looking girl wearing fish necklace
Caribbean ghost story anthology c. 1980s/90s
Looking for a short story about a boy discovering that the government puts mind control chemicals in his cereal
Why were there Muggles at the Quidditch World Cup?
Why in last episode of Fringe they are using a time machine while they can use December or the September's son to travel to 2167?
Why is it that Smith's regeneration to Capaldi looked like he sneezed?
Is Joseph Curwen a Lich?
How does a lich work in the Cthulhu Mythos?
First use of a Quantum Computer in Science Fiction
Can a Vulcan Mind Meld change a person's psychology?
How does the manipulation of time allow contact with other dimensions?
Name of sci fi book series
Did JK Rowling originally plan to pair Fred and Hermione?
Outside of Order 66 - does a blaster ever beat a lightsaber?
Lost In Space Robot self-defense mechanism
Fantasy book title wherein a short man seeks huge crystal for a wizard
What movie has aliens hunt people using living tentacled discs?
Do people in the Matrix have a free mind?
What procedure was Alice going to take in Once Upon A Time In Wonderland?
Fantasy book where magic is restricted to females, because a male mage is prophesised to destroy the world
god-scientist building perpetual motion machine
Sci fi short, about birds that flew through soil and rock as if it was air
Short Story where a Flu (cold?) virus causes humanity to regain fur
In the movies, is Sauron's armor correctly portrayed?
Why don't Klingon weapons have sheathes?
Why do acts of "accidental" magic only seem to happen around Muggles?
"Star Trek: The Next Generation" episode focusing on crew members below command level
Illusions within the Cthulhu Mythos
Any plans for movie of Startide Rising?
Long-distance Mind Trick
Does Picard ever agree with Worf that the best course of action is to fire torpedos?
Is the Wheel of Pain a grinding mill or a torture device?
Did Clark's (Kal El's) glasses increase the power of his heat vision?
The Matrix, The Architect Can't Lie?
Do observers revert completely back to normal human form when the implanted technology is removed from their brains? (Fringe universe)
Demystifying Zelazny's "Lord of Light"
Who ordered Barra's death?
Why did Chancellor Palpatine create the Clone Wars?
Which American-made science fiction or fantasy comic book was the first to be translated into a foreign language and marketed abroad?
The Matrix, Resolution of the Source
At the end of Revenge of the Sith, are the suns rising or setting?
A science fiction book I read in 1992: mind control with black rock belts, towers, and a knife thrower
Alternate Reality World of the movie the Invention of Lying - Why no fiction?
Would Gandalf have been promoted to the White if he had not fought the Balrog?
I'm trying to find a book about alien clanships
Would the Elder Wand choose every new owner who wins?
Is there any significance of the colors of Starfleet Uniform?
Book trilogy about apprentice boy using rune magic
What destroyed Praxis in Star Trek Into Darkness?
Why did Makuta make every effort to ensure that his ultimate plan did NOT succeed?
Cryonics Short Story in three parts?
Has the Federation ever kicked a planet or civilization out of the Federation?
X-Men Comics: Battle of the Atom Reading Order
What does scrambling communication channels do?
YA novel where clumsy boy gains wings
Why do ships in Battlestar Galactica constantly run their main engines?
How could the Toclafane be human if Cassandra was the last?
Why did Malfoy's Petrificus Totalus work on Harry while he was wearing the Invisibility Cloak?
Who was the first full-blooded alien to join Starfleet and be assigned to a spaceship?
A short story about finding an inhabitable planet and meeting aliens
Story about glass particles with memory
Was the design of the Ferengi marauder based on the Enterprise D's bridge?
In TNG, what is the point of a user ID?
Harry Potter - How can Dementors be trusted to guard Azkaban?
Why was Geordi appointed Chief Engineer?
Do we ever see the TOS Engineering room with a Warp Core?
Where can I get Arabic-English Arabian Nights?
How much close control over physical objects is possible with the Force?
Is there a general term for Jedi and Sith?
Did Gandalf have a teacher/mentor?
What do cultist characters in the H. P. Lovecraft mythos particularly value?
What are the Q incapable of doing?
Trying to remember a YA scifi novel about abduction, by Dutch-named author, 70's
What is the point of Slow Zone dredges?
Why were so many Jedi risked to save so few (three)?
What's that hard scifi novel I read about exploiting the discovery of a wormhole?
What's the book title: woman fleeing from earth, war between liberal colony and earth
Trying to find a sci-fi novel I read when I was a teenager (early 2000s)
What short story has a father quit his job supervising robots to live in a shack and drink coffee?
SF book from the 80's or 90's about a Space Cop who is made into a slave with a pain/pleasure implant?
How does a wand choose its new owner if the wand was created for the owner?
What do these TARDIS controls do?
Name of this song in Harry Potter 4?
Does Worf ever experience any back problems after the operation?
How many Earthlings featured in the show have met more than two regenerations of Doctor Who?
Are there any further developments of the M5?
What if Ofelia Opened the Wrong Doorway?
Do we ever see a Federation Starfleet Space Station?
Opening a Wormhole inside a Wormhole
Has the doctor ever regenerated as a woman? Could he?
Story identification: woman trained to control powerful psychic
Book about a family of teenagers who kill living people to stay alive forever
Is the Arc Reactor made from the same material as the Tesseract?
I'm looking for a sci fi book with a tribal woman, hermaphrodites, and implanting minds into new bodies
Science fiction short story, where spectators in an arena are called down to the field and killed
Where are the reapers?
Did the Bene Gesserit support the destruction of House Atreides, and how?
Why was it such a big deal when Jessica decided to have a male child? Surely she could get pregnant again?
Why are there no female Space Marines?
Are there any plan for elysium 2?
How could a simple magic potion work for Emma to remember again
Help finding title of book about planets containing essays and sf stories
How did Luke know where to land on Dagobah?
Star Wars Expanded Universe
How do star ships slow down from high impulse speeds?
Why use steam instead of alcohol in Army of Darkness?
Do the Gw'oth know that the galaxy is exploding?
Did Jack Torrance get arrested for assault against a minor before he became the caretaker?
Is it possible for zombies to sleep?
Why does Dumbledore beg Snape in HBP?
Domed Colony trilogy
Why did the slaver in Astapor think Daenerys wouldn't do exactly what she did?
1970's PBS SciFi Miniseries
Can Killing Curse be used to kill trees and microbes?
How were wands discovered?
What is the connection between the science of testing, and Dune's idea of unlimited testing scales?
Does Star Trek solve the Mind-Body problem?
Why was Harry Potter not sent to Azkaban?
Elder wand destruction possible?
Can Avada Kedavra be used to kill more than one being?
How does Superman conceal his identity with just a pair of glasses?
Is the Whomping Willow enchanted?
What kind of program is the Merovingian?
Why was Mr. Smith removed as an agent?
Which book does "The Bear and the Maiden Fair" come from?
How do injuries work with Polyjuice Potion?
Vulcans and human personality disorder
How are hyperlanes operated or controlled in Star Wars?
How many times has Superman caught the falling Daily Planet statue?
In Sam Raimi's Spider-Man 2, why was Peter losing his spider powers?
Does the "Anihilaarg" really exist?
What were the actual words spoken in the Oath of Fëanor
How can The Collective have The Borg Queen?
Is captain Janeway's Locutus description correct?
How can Species 8472 be any threat to Borg?
How can an ion storm destroy a Borg cube?
What is the real effect of trans-warp travel on human body?
Does each drone have a copy of entire Collective memory?
Can the Borg Queen lie?
What does it actually mean to travel in trans-warp?
What is Winston Zeddemore's doctorate in?
Looking for a Sci-fi Story about telepathic aliens
How does removing a memory work in Harry Potter?
Do we ever see assimilated Founders?
Can lightsabers be periwinkle?
Is Darth Vader Going to Appear in the Upcoming Star Wars Rebels Series?
Short story about addictive games and virtual realities
Why did Heimdall alert Odin and authorities about Thor’s escape?
What makes a place strong in the Force?
What did the Laser Scan do exactly in Sams eye when he was fighting the Cylons S04E01?
Antimatter to matter ratio
What powers Wonder Woman's invisible plane?
Do you need to erase the memory of *watching* a memory in a Pensieve?
In what show did a man travel back in time whenever he heard ‘Do It Again’ by The Kinks?
Why is Wonder Woman's plane invisible?
Where exactly was the scar on Harry's forehead?
What 90's (possibly 80's?) cartoon had a space bike in it?
What's the reading order for X-Men Second Coming?
How do the Predators select and transport their Trophies?
Who is Major Victory, and why does he have Captain America's shield?
Is Iron Man’s suit really heavy enough to break through his roof?
What makes a Horcrux object (almost) indestructible?
Is there a metaphorical meaning of Trinity's "You know that road"?
Did anyone ever possess all three Hallows?
Short story with post apocalyptic setting, people forbidden to enter radiation zone
By what mechanism are lasers meant to destroy an entire planet?
Is there any reason for no new Star Trek TV series for past nearly ten years?
Names of the gods in Silverberg's "At Winter's End"?
What short story has aliens upset that Star Trek was cancelled, forcing Earth to resume production?
In Revenge of the Sith, why didn't Obi-Wan and Yoda gang up on the Emperor?
What sci-fi short story has parasites infect humans through the soles of their shoes on an alien planet?
Why do Asgardians use swords?
In "Lois & Clark" pilot, why does Clark Kent wear glasses?
Short story takes place as a rescue mission on an unnamed (I believe) planet with Medusa as the only resident
Story about aliens playing God, deciding they are overwhelmed, and leaving
Old nuclear war film
Was that random Orion Girl a spy in Star Trek 2009?
What is Mork's life span?
What is the origin of this quote by Sheridan?
Did any Jedi ever choose to forgo using a Lightsaber?
Did Beth forget about the sphere in ‘Sphere’?
YA fantasy book - boy in boarding school?
Why there are no automated procedures on board Star Trek ships
What’s the reading order for the Ultimate ‘Death of Spider-Man’ storyline?
Would a $ bill minted today be considered counterfeit in the past
In "Real Steel", what's the secret Max will keep for Charlie?
Why Star Trek vessels are so big, when their crew is so small?
Why did the Borg never bring waves of ships to the Alpha quadrant to conquer it?
Are the kids from Captain Planet actually the Magic School Bus kids?
Sci-fi dystopian book about a boy who rides a motorcycle
What's the recommended reading order for Fall of the Mutants (X-Men)?
What became of the Jedi Temple's contents?
What cartoon had a white stick figure protagonist with an M-shaped girlfriend?
Why did Guri leave Prince Xizor?
What sci-fi movie had a cloud that turned things black with lightning?
How do these pieces of Predator equipment work?
How does the Unbreakable Vow reconcile contradictions/paradoxes?
Is Quicksilver in the X-Men movies the same as in Avengers: Age of Ultron?
What was the first use of the Star Trek Formula in TV, Books, Movies, or Radio?
What is the crew complement and capacity of the Galaxy class?
Are the Mandrakes sentient?
Is there any coarse language in season 1 of ST:TOS?
Would wearing an Invisibility Cloak block the gaze of a Basilisk?
Which species was the first encountered by humans to communicate exclusively through telepathy?
Heirs of Godric Gryffindor?
Where is Plutarch Heavensbee originally from?
How and why did the strange family from "The Enchanted" (1984) turn into humans?
Are non-citizens of the Capitol permitted to permanently immigrate?
Where are the Arenas located?
Are there any programmers in Star Trek?
Why were the Jedi who tried to arrest Palpatine so rubbish?
Why is Twin Peaks rated so highly by critics?
The etymology of the term "shiggy" in "Stand on Zanzibar"
Sci-fi book where humanity is rebuilt on a new planet after being wiped out
Does Helix mix two genres of Vampires and Zombies?
What did the Borg Queen mean when she told Harry "We'll see you soon" in Unimatrix Zero?
What does the Speed Force govern?
Does the progressively more aerodynamic design of starships suggest that more were fitted with landing gear?
What was the point of Fireflash's engines lasting so long?
Why did Snape need to appear well-informed?
Why did Harry never visit his parents graves before Deathly Hallows?
USS Vengeance weapons technology and capabilities
A Brief History of Time book in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkban
Why did Japanese soldiers commit suicide in the beginning of The Wolverine (2013)?
Did Luke Skywalker kill any innocents when he was Darth Sidious' apprentice?
Could River Song have a Timelord child?
Does Nick gain enhanced hearing after being blinded?
Did Anakin Skywalker have a genius IQ?
Man hit by a vehicle, wakes up in hell but thinks he’s in heaven
Who was Rowena Ravenclaw's Heir?
Do people in Wonderland know the power of true love in Once Upon a Time in Wonderland?
Is there a guide to Orkan language?
Why does this character act as he does at the end of 'The Hunger Games - Mockingjay'?
Looking for a series of short stories that have A.I. spaceships and an exoplanet
Short story involving mutable weapons and a human impersonating an alien
Is Roderick Kingsley supposed to be a dig at a Marvel Executive?
What is the Significance of Mike "losing a finger"?
Can free humans tell if they are in the Matrix?
If a baby were turned into a vampire, would it mature like Claudia?
What happened to the Sorting Hat after the Battle of Hogwarts?
Did Dumbledore break the law outside of Year 5 or when with Grindelwald?
Name of anime space dragon movie
Were there mind reading devices in 1984?
Short story, domed refuges
Why was Marty the last child to fade out?
What is Endora's last name?
How old is Samantha?
When are the Wardstone chronicles set?
Game of Thrones: Jojen and Meera look like Theon and Yara?
In the "The Fly 2", why did teleporting cure his son?
Why was Amara feared in Agrabah?
Will a transporter fuse two lifeforms together?
Why can't Allen's eye see Mimi in "D.Gray-man"?
Movie Identification: Science fiction movie where people believe they are living on a spaceship but are really on earth
Books read in 80s, English mythology with modern twist, male writer
Trying to identify this post-nuclear bomb poem
Did Fogg know the true identity of the paramedic?
Looking for a movie where a cannibal lady tries to eat a whole group of people
Who was the colleague that Erik was going to contact for help?
Could Romana come to new Doctor Who TV show?
Heretic among the stars?
Trying to identify 80s or older Sci Fi movie with a "Citadel", a robot, and a sound paralysing rotating crystal
Why did the female vampire from Lifeforce need a mate?
Where did the great houses get their Valyrian steel blades from?
Is Ramona Flowers from Scott Pilgrim vs the World is a symbol?
Could Dr Manhattan have cured Janey's cancer?
Man lost on planet becomes frightened of own reflection.
Why don't they cloak the jumpers before entering the gate?
What modifications were made to the Tiger Moth by Brains?
Dark energy and matter in the Star Trek Universe?
If a robotic body could be manufactured, could sentient beings be transported from the holodeck?
How is Eowyn written in language of Rohan?
Colours and powers of Elfstones in Terry Brooks "The dark legacy of shannara"
What's going on with the ending of The Martian?
Do they state how much money Scott Pilgrim earns in the movie?
Did Mandrake the Magician physically fly or levitate prior to Superman's first flight?
How wealthy is Uncle Scrooge in the Don Rosa/Carl Barks universe?
What book has a guy able to travel back in time to his childhood using a camcorder?
Can Mystique shapeshift into non-humanoid animals in the comics?
How can Data lose a chess game?
Does River Song ever get jealous of the Doctor’s female companions?
SciFi novel about scientist, terraforming and soldiers
How could the kidnapped girl in the Sound of My Voice develop a secret handshake?
Why are androids considered life forms in Star Trek?
Why are Snow and Charming the central characters?
Webcomic that featured a "graveyard of gods"?
Do we ever see Klingon feet?
What would be the ending of Matt Kowalski's Mardi Gras story if debris from the missile strike did not interfere with their work?
Gay rights - does Star Trek ever address this issue?
Which of Marvel's mortals can survive a nuclear bomb?
What were the clues to where the ship had been in Event Horizon?
Why was it necessary to open Slytherin's locket to destroy it?
Why did they not call it "Wagon Train to the Stars"?
Why didn’t Picard just stun his future self?
How does stun work with blasters in Star Wars?
How can Yoda identify Darth Bane?
How does Yoda know that the name of other Sith is Darth Sidious?
On average, how many midi-chlorians are present in non-force-sensitive?
Why do Jedi trust the Force which isn't immutable?
What blinks in the "Game of Thrones" intro?
Why was Nimoy in the 2009 Star Trek movie and Shatner not?
Why did Dumbledore 'put on' the Resurrection Stone (Ring)?
Are Scott Pilgrim's adventures a figment of his imagination?
Is the "Star Trek Voyager" episode "Threshold" named after traveling at Warp 10?
Origins of the Star Trek World Government: is it the UN?
What is the gestation period of a Klingon?
The Matrix: Are Agents "Mortal" or "Immortal"?
Looking for a book about the beginning of genetic engineering in the near future
Looking for a sci-fi detective novel
Identifying fantasy story about a knight in another world
Anathem: description of Slines
What TV show (British I think) in the 90's had knights and helicopters/guns?
Does Gambit have a forgotten power of creating illusions?
if Spock had a child with a human would it still have Vulcan powers?
Why did Hydra choose the subject they transformed into the "Winter Soldier", in Captain America?
Who or what is the Great Intelligence?
Is the paint on Captain America's shield also invulnerable?
Has anyone else heard rumors of a very old fiction about disintegrator pistols on other planets?
What scifi 70s/80s series featured a 'trivial pursuit' charging station?
In which episode of TNG does Data take command of a Starship as part of a Federation Blockade?
Story identification: short story about an elevator that takes a rider to hell
Very old Matrix-like short story, based on chemicals released into the air, pre-computer
Movie where a girl taken to a hospital, they discover her blood is blue, neighbour old lady is an alien
Capacity of transporter (Galaxy/Constitution class)
How did Dumbledore detect the "traces of magic" in the Cave?
Was Carl sexually violated?
Couldn't Daryl have "claimed" Rick, Carl and Michonne as per the rules of his group?
Earthlings create and interact with a pocket universe; universe inhabitants eventually desire to escape
Story where a man has three opportunities to ask a computer a question it cannot answer
Why is melange called "spice"?
What are the biological effects of assimilation?
Why would the combination of matter and anti-matter destroy both universes in ST?
Why did Dredd not take the first cop's bullets?
Why doesn't Judge Anderson wear a helmet in Dredd
Why no red alert if someone catches a cold?
How is this character on Clairvoyant's side?
What is wrong with Lizzie (the young blonde girl)?
Old sci-fi novel about the last survivors of the human race working as mercenaries
Where do Predators keep their mines?
What type of computer systems do Starships use?
1990's book featuring a Galactic Empire Without Faster-Than-Light Travel
Looking for science fiction short stories by programmers
Could Lobot ever know love?
Did Paul Atreides as the Kwisatz Haderach possess truly supernatural power?
Humans travel to make first contact with aliens. Aliens have caste system. Both races encounter a superintelligence
Why does warp drive impact transporter?
Is there any reference to intergalactic relations in Star Trek’s future?
Does the DeLorean contain a spacial history device?
What is the first reference in Sci-Fi to a touch-screen computer interface?
Why was Spock logical in the mirror universe?
Is Robert Jordan's description of the Oneness connected to Zen in the Art of Archery?
What did Dr Smith have his PhD in?
Series about a planet-hopping aristocrat with a mechanical horse
Does the deflector dish pose a danger to inhabited worlds?
looking for novel from 50's or 60's
How many people of Arya's list are still alive?
Shakespeare "in the original Klingon"?
Is the chameleon circuit attached to the chameleon arch?
Do any Star Trek TV shows (or novels) reveal what happened to the Talosians?
"In my dreams, I've peered beyond its eyes, and into the cackling hell within us all"
Are Dominion War ships weaker than Pre-Dominion War ships
Has Data been programed with the ability to be a master strategest?
What The Scythe meant by saying "Your People"? and "trials and inquisitions"?
How long can a galaxy class starship last before it needs servicing?
How is antimatter produced?
Could the Traveler become a Q?
Could a Warp Drive distort a planet or star?
Fringe season 4 finale: Anti-observer tech
Who is the longest lived species in the United Federation of Planets?
Do Borg have a gender?
Has George Lucas ever confirmed Palpatine was anti-woman and anti-alien?
Time dilation and communication in Avatar
Would an EMP compromise magnetic seals on a photon torpedo from TOS
How does Pevara Tazanovni know that this Aes Sedai is Black Ajah?
How can Raf understand Bumblebee?
Who is "the valonqar" from Cersei's prophecy?
How old is Captain America when he receives the 'Super-Soldier Serum'?
Two Timelines, (Almost) Same Event, but Several Years Apart?
Isn't the bomb in 'Pacific Rim' a bit small?
In The Walking Dead, what are the "rules" of zombie "camouflage"?
Who is Milhouse Manastorm?
Sublight Starship "passed" by FTL
When did using a fireplace as a portal first become used?
Were Lestat's special abilities developed with his vampire state, or was he already skilled?
In his duel against Dumbledore, was Voldemort's shield magical or physical?
fantasy book scientist arrives in dwarves field and teaches him to make aluminum so he can be considered a wizard in this world
Is there a significance to the color green?
What prompted such a dramatic change in computing technology in the ST reboot universe?
Who created LCARS and when was it introduced?
Play: set in an apocalyptic setting
Why could the Klingons see normally using Geordi's VISOR?
Were Geordi's ocular implants in First Contact those he talked about with Dr Pulaski?
Who is the highest rated Strategema player in the Star Trek universe?
Dystopian short play identification?
Are the Q inherently four-dimensional?
Why do only Hobbits use a combination of first- and last names?
How did I Am Legend predict a "Superman vs Batman" movie?
Short story about a robot who finds the last human in the solar system?
Black and white TV show or movie with human sized bird creatures killing people at night
Benefits of joining The Night's Watch
Who did the voice of Etrec in The Mark of Archanon?
How do Predators store their Combi-Stick?
Why would increasing troop production prolong the war?
Why is the Atreides family so small? And why did noone on Caladan avenge their deaths?
Universe Colors
80s (or earlier) short story about a shaman alien whose story is similar to Jesus'; ends up staked by the planet's aliens
Scifi short story where 'blues is good reds is bad'
Does Data ever learn to sneeze?
Why was Picard an assistant astrophysics officer?
Could a Betazoid read Data's mind?
Can squibs brew potions?
What is the species that Worf fights on the holodeck?
Could the imperius curse wake up someone dosed with the draught of living death?
If a zombie seen a mirror, would it attack the mirror due to the reflection?
What could the Department of Temporal Investigations do in the event of a time paradox?
Who wrote story about a cliff and changing species, and another story about people being holograms?
The Imperius curse: number as a limiting factor?
Where does a Class 8 probe get is power from?
Why isn't entry through the floo network protected like entry through apparition?
What information did the emotion chip contain?
When a spaceship maneuvers to avoid enemy incoming fire and detection, does it need to be outside 300,000 km?
Why is there no consistent Chief Helms Officer in TNG?
What do the three controls on the Transporter operate?
a children's book about a boy and his dad who are actually aliens
Are there Star Trek Species that are explicitly biologically incompatible?
Whο was the first hero to kill a super villain in Marvel comics?
In what universe do unicorns come from rocks?
TOS episode - The Changeling, warp 15?
Why is Neo the only one who does not use leather clothes in The Matrix movies?
When were the first two ages of mankind?
Need to identify a short story about luminous energy being guiding a spaceship and in contact with a telepath on board.
Story about a boy who encounters an alien "boy" who is stranded & also with an enemy alien who can shape-shift
Short story from 70s with alien parasites that enhance nervous system
Children's fantasy book- can't locate
The Clone Wars mentions of Old Republic
Is the real world address of Rose Tyler's flat known?
Were all five Babylon stations planned from the start?
Why is the Enterprise's computer capacity measured in quads, but Data's capacity is measured in bits?
How could Ser Jorah Mormont "find out" about the Second Sons?
Have the Borg ever travelled beyond the Milky Way galaxy?
Story where an AI becomes self-aware by playing games
What is the necklace that the Wicked Witch/Zelenia wears?
80's movie where a prisoner is a electrocuted but his spirit continues to kill people?
Why does Loki stagger when he's leaving the Tessaract research facility with Barton?
Book/Movie where criminal is punished in a stadium by focused thoughts
Book With Vehicles Sliding on Tracks using a Frictionless Liquid
What is considered 'ancient history' in the 24th Century?
Were the Borg intended to represent a communist state?
Title of 80's movie: future-era timetraveling humans go extinct and rescue/kidnap todays air crash victims
Looking for story where time is accelerated and characters have to get back to ship?
What happened to the modifications to the Enterprise made by the Kelvans?
What was Filch doing during the battle of Hogwarts?
Are The Bravest Warriors and Adventure Time related?
Looking for a story with water/earth/fire as rock/paper/scissors
Was the Spectreman End Credits Background ever Released as a Poster or Full Image?
Film in which people can time-travel to relive the biggest world disasters; main character changes a destiny, saving many people
What are the limits of the Room of Requirement?
Would it be possible to create a wand more powerful than the Elder Wand?
A question about the room of requirement
How can McGonagall make sandwiches appear?
Were the Peverell brothers and Salazar Slytherin related?
In Harry Potter, what is the ultimate source of magicians and magic?
Story about main character with regeneration powers
Can Wolverine clone himself?
Short film with a "circle of life" theme, floating island dragon-like creatures hunted by people, people turn into dragon creatures when they die
Do Ferengi have surnames?
Is "Crack in the World" available on DVD/online?
How was Loki able to visit Earth without Bifrost?
Was General Swanwick & the army aware of Superman's powers?
Instance of antagonist's computer system being female?
Is the hypothesized technology zenith in star wars universe plausible?
Sci-fi book where everyone older than 12 was dead
Who funds the Night's Watch?
Do Transformers refer to themselves as "robots"?
How does Data speak?
In which 80s childrens TV series is a pre-industrial future world ruled by 3-legged robots?
Who is Picard's favorite philosopher?
Is there any Star Trek material set after Nemesis?
In what interview does Rowling say Umbridge is sentenced to prison?
How many Valyrian steel swords are there at the beginning of GoT, and who owns them?
Cartoon with three heroes - one strong, one fast and one that could change into animals!
TV series in which bunch of teenagers were trapped inside magic world having Dragons
How did Brent Spiner get cast as Data for TNG?
In which movie/TV show do characters use a hand-held organic-looking creature to travel into a virtual world?
Prior to Umbridge, could anyone simply floo to Hogwarts?
How do the Ghostbusters afford their Ghostbusting apparel?
Why was Bilbo not discovered by Sauron during his extended stay with the Wood Elves?
What is so special about Valyrian steel?
Mid-80s cartoon with 4-5 robots with "special powers" to zap things; had a scene with a kraken chase on an ice world
How do the readers of the books know how the songs sound?
Why are bastards named "Snow" in Song of Ice and Fire (Game of Thrones) series?
Isn’t the Enterprise a no-smoking ship?
What is the significance of the Red Comet?
Why didn’t James Potter and the rest of the Marauders register as Animagi?
YA book about teenagers kidnapped and put to work building a space station?
Does reading ahead make the show less enjoyable?
Why was Frodo not allowed to wear the Ring before Rivendell but was allowed after?
What is the longest period of time which Riker commanded the Enterprise-D?
Gryffindor Tower: beginning at the 7th floor and suspended by magic or is it just the common room?
Who ran Ten-Forward before Guinan?
What was the point of the spinning section of the Jellyfish?
Fiction about the first matter transmitter
Story where aliens fought conflict by suicide
Why didn't the Weasley family use their magic tent to accommodate their visitors during Bill's wedding to Fleur?
Did Rowling invent the Deathly Hallows, or borrow them from existing legends/stories?
Were the Deathly Hallows invented for book 7?
Was Dumbledore aware that Professor Snape took points from Harry/Gryffindor unfairly?
What musical instruments has Data played?
Crashed on a planet of layers, darker and more dangerous the farther down
Who can see better: Geordi or Data?
Who names starship classes?
Why were they launching rockets in Gattaca?
Is Annika Hansen/Seven of Nine German?
Can the Wall be melted?
Short story about a magician who is in a dream within a dream
What examples are there of suits blurring the lines between powered armor and mecha in hard sci-fi?
Novel from the 80's or 90's where the computer controlling the city starts to kill the inhabitants
What 1980s american sci-fi horror movie has a female cyborg villain with a flamethrower arm or breast as a weapon?
How did the Thing build a spaceship?
What is the first TV instance of a Bioship?
How many sentient bio-ships have been shown in the Star Trek universe?
Would a blind man survive the Basilisk's deadly gaze?
Is Centipede just a division of this organization?
Water planet where people live on organic rafts on the surface while the elites live in a city under the sea
Veil of death: no escape for a Phoenix?
Would a Mandrake scream still be deadly if it were recorded and broadcast on the wizarding radio?
What's the ball of light in HBO's Game of Thrones intro?
Looking for a 1980s American zombie movie where the people in a hospital turn into a mannequin-like zombies without being bitten
In comics, has S.H.I.E.L.D. ever been in this state? (Spoilers for Captain America 2 and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.)
Does the "Skin Horse" webcomic continue to have Oz references?
Short story about mutant children who all have names starting with "Em"?
World War Z Movie: Did Israel fall?
Why was this character attacked in Agents of SHIELD?
Connection between Sandkings and Game of Thrones?
Can Animagus form do magic?
Can an Animagus take the form of any animal?
What happened to the Enterprise crew after TOS?
A story about a man falling in love with a woman through a telescope
Are there spells that are affected by caster's emotional state and/or depth of emotions?
A Grain of Truth: what was Vereena trying to do?
Why did Malekith have such a strong connection to the Aether?
How did Nog beat the Kobayashi Maru?
Looking for a kid's book, might be really obscure
Short story with space cannibals and a missionary
Why doesn't Loki use his telekinetic powers more in the Avengers or Thor movies?
Does the Terminator series put into consideration (or make use of the concept of) the Butterfly Effect?
Humorous Sci fi about invaders from mars
Is Jar-Jar Binks responsible for the creation of the Empire?
Is Santa more than fiction in the Harry Potter Universe?
Unsure about 90s movie that had black sludge that broke through an astronauts helmet?
Where have all the dragons gone?
In Supernatural, how many bullets were in the Colt?
Looking for a scifi/fantasy book about children who win a war by a trick
Can Smaug melt the One Ring?
How does an orc perceive a hobbit?
Teen Sci-Fi book probably from 80's possibly early 90's - aliens help a teenager on Earth
Identifying a fantasy/scifi series/book about abandoned colony/world
What is on Steve Rogers' list of things to watch?
In the Harry Potter books, what do wizards wear under their robes?
Could HYDRA have killed Bruce Banner?
Flitwick's office: thirteenth window from the right of the West Tower, looking east or west?
In Batman: Arkham City, does Batman already know about the Lazarus Pit? (Spoilers)
Can Gallifreyans regenerate their head?
Short/abridged story about a colony aboard a space ship
What is 'Durin' in The Hobbit movie?
Why wasn't Malekith able to see through Frigga's illusion?
What is Catbug up to off camera?
If the Winter Soldier is a Soviet Agent, how did HYDRA obtain him as an asset?
Does agent Ward still have the disk? (Agents of Shield Spoilers)
How much does the average adult male Dwarf weigh?
Is the gem in Loki's staff an Infinity Stone?
When did Captain America start to fight super villains?
Are there any other ships that have an alphabetical suffix?
Who named the episodes in TNG?
Why did they require Fury to unlock the information?
Who names Starships?
TES: Skyrim Elder Scrolls and the Greybeards
When the sliders left the Earth in ‘Post Traumatic Slide Syndrome’, which Professor Arturo went with them – the original or the local double?
Has Wonder Woman got superpowers in 1974 TV series?
Why didn't the Allspark repair Bumblebee's voice processor?
Identify the source of this Superman video
Why wasn't Harry punished after he used Sectumsempra on Malfoy?
Why were Allspark-created small robots offensive by default?
SF novel where body swapping/modification is widespread
What is the origin of the Great Eagles?
Six colonists from Terra are kidnapped enroute, and placed on different planet by unknown aliens. Novella 1980's read
Does Leeloo have telepathic powers?
Can translator microbes work on animals?
Can a robot programed with 3 laws operating system harm a human who is harming another human?
Where did the Hood get his powers from?
What did Worf say during his ascension ceremony?
Does the Taboo jinx work while in Hogsmeade and/or Hogwarts?
Why doesn't Nick Fury travel with security force?
Is this character in Captain America: The Winter Soldier more relevant in the Marvel Universe?
Japanese Book - "When all the cats in the world had died"
I'm looking for the title of a post-apocalyptic children's sci-fi TV series of the mid-1980s, which followed a flooded Britain
How could Smaug live buried under gold without breathing? (The desolation of Smaug: The film)
Fidelius Charm: can it be used to hide more than just a place?
What is the average human lifespan in the 23rd Century?
Is there a tendency for captains to call their first officers 'Number 1'?
Was the relationship between Pulaski and Data supposed to parallel that of Spock and McCoy?
Does Data think about walking?
What does the Ferengi Emblem represent?
Was "The Empire Strikes Back" always numbered as episode V, or has it been renumbered?
What was Draco Malfoy's biggest fear?
Limits of Mystique's shapeshifting
Why doesn't Worf use contractions?
Night of the Owls story arcs?
Could George's ear have been healed by Snape?
In Doctor Who, The Hungry Earth, how did Amy and Rory wave to themselves?
Who owns the Riddle house by the time of "Goblet of Fire"?
Who is the Sith Lord who could essence transfer and switched to the light side?
Do we ever see a pregnant crewmember on TNG?
What movie is set at Hitler’s 80th birthday party in Berlin?
Why do Qhorin's men leave Jon alone with the wildling captive?
Did Rozhenkos speak with an accent?
Do Wizards pay Muggle taxes?
Married Couples in the Star Trek Universe?
What was Dumbledore's original wand made of?
How far does Avada Kedrava penetrate things?
Are there exceptions in the International Statute of Secrecy?
Why didn't Dumbledore hide everything in the Mirror of Erised?
Had the Doctor shown anyone their future before Vincent?
What film has The Rock investigating murders on Mars (and was there a sequel?)
What book has the collapse caused by people creating nanotech that eats metal and other tech with Chinese on the moon chucking rocks or missiles?
How do inhabitants in "I, ET" understand Crichton?
How fast does a phaser beam travel?
Do bionic implants interfere with force abilities?
Why didn't Jason Ironheart protect Talia's personality?
What creature did Q arrive as in "Hide and Q"?
Why doesn't the wizarding world use computers?
What happened to Nog's field promotion on the Valiant?
Source of tale/story referenced in "The Last Question" by Asimov
Fantasy book filled with short disturbing stories
Why doesn't Voldemort use muggle technology to trivially destroy all of his obstacles?
Is there a universal age of adulthood recognized by UFOP?
What's so special about the atmospheric continuum?
Doesn't Hogwarts seriously put the world in jeopardy?
Identify Book: Wizards use modern items to cast spells
What is the range of the Enterprise-D's sensors?
Is Starfleet a military or civilian organization?
Have any crimes been committed using a Transporter?
Looking for a book series written for youth or young readers
Has any Starfleet Captain ever been Court Martialed for violating the Prime Directive?
Why was Tom Riddle's trophy at Hogwarts never removed?
70's SciFi anthology: genius children being experimented on create a force field, and a scientist who created a new, faster-living species
Does the Harry Potter series have any instances of muggles being employed by Wizards?
Can people who died of a brain tumor come back as a zombie in The Walking Dead?
Doctor Who time paradox Captain Jack
What house was Hagrid in before being expelled?
Why didn't Thor grieve for his mother, Frigga
What's the difference between a Holodeck and a Holosuite?
Is there a galactic map showing the homeworlds of the various humanoid species?
Is chi blocking based of any actual martial arts?
Why does Worf have such short hair to begin with?
What was the space station structure in Clone Wars Season Six?
How did Vulcans view half-human-half-Vulcan hybrids?
How do Klingon senses compare to human senses?
Saturday morning TV show from the 1970's or 1980's with a silver RV driven around a desert
Short story about a woman that travels to other planets. Read online recently. She just manages to live long enough to embrace new technology
What Language is Raven using for her attacks?
In TNG S02 E16 "Q-Who"; Why did Picard not continue to fire phasers?
Who is the older of the two, Goldberry or Tom Bombadil?
What is Wonder Woman's magic lasso woven from?
Who created the veil in the death chamber, and why?
Was there a Parselmouth before Salazar Slytherin?
Why does Ezri break the rejoining rules?
In The Winter Soldier, who did Peggy Carter say she married?
Why are Superman and Batman against each other?
What house were James and his friends in?
Has Superman ever been this violent?
Why are there so many human Borg?
How powerful are Tom Bombadil's songs?
Why didn't Stark just shut down the Mk2 armor?
What motivated Lucas to convert a torch (flashlight) into a deadly weapon?
Why didn't Stark sue the government for stealing his armour in Iron Man 2
When the Armed forces analysed Stark's Mark II armour why didn't they build an army of them?
Is Kurse's sword poisoned or otherwise magically enhanced to cause inevitable death?
When was Mystique declared mother to Nightcrawler?
How do the Predators' Smart-Discs extend and retract?
Why did Amanda Grayson marry Sarek?
Female bastards in Game of Thrones
Why can’t the Doctor’s companions understand babies and horses?
What are the fastest Federation ships in the 23rd and 24th century?
Why did Sarek marry another human after Spock's mother died?
Which vessels in the Star Trek universe have beaten a Galaxy Class starship in one-on-one combat?
When did the Borg contact the Cardassians?
What are the differences between the book and the film version of Smaug and Bilbo's conversation?
How are Time Turners made?
Why didn't Joanna (Cersei & Jaime's mother) notify Lord Tywin about their illegal relationship?
What was the prime directive for keeping the Veil in the Department of Mysteries?
How could Legolas walk on snow?
How did Harry not get crushed in Godric's Hollow?
How did Shadowfax 'appear' when Gandalf summoned him?
Why did Rick Deckard change his mind about replicants?
Was Hydra behind the events of the Avengers?
Stone names like Palantir
Did either of the other two 'unforgiveable curses' get used during the course of the seven books?
1st occurrence of digital-currency/bitcoin-like technology in scifi
Searching for a Fantasy title - Book 1 of the Painter Trilogy?
Why did early Marvel writers change Thor from his legendary red-haired appearance in Norse mythology?
Inconsistency of Cap's shield
Why does Janos Slynt hold such a high position in the Night's Watch?
Game of Thrones: What happened to Jon Umber?
In "The Crucible" how did the girls turn cold?
Why doesn't Starfleet have personal shields?
Short story about humans eating strange seafood
Game of Thrones: ex Queen Regent (season 4/Storm of Swords spoilers)
What does the word "thumper" mean when used to measure distance?
Is "Second Breakfast" only in the movie version of LOTR?
Limits of house-elf apparition
Can an elf apparate in the Room of requirement
Do we ever meet Jayne's mom?
Did Arwen actually die?
Food Replicators
Can The Thing survive deep water, yet require oxygen?
Evidence of Lan's fear in Wheel of Time?
Why was the triceratops ill?
Where did all the pigeons go?
Looking for a scifi novel about a warrior that came to our time and people are sent to bring him back to protect them from some dangerous creatures
During the War of the Ring, how many Rangers were there in Middle-earth?
Could Amy and Rory come back by saying that they wanted to be buried in that graveyard?
MCU: Significance to the designation of Earth-199999
Was it out of character for "Mad Eye" Moody to punish Draco Malfoy the way he did?
In "Call of Duty: Ghosts", is Riley mind-controlled or given orders?
A story about zero gravity wings
Does Eric Flint plan for his 1632 (Ring of Fire) effect to last?
How big of a deal is Westeros?
Trying to remember a vintage sci fi movie I remember a scene from
Story about building up speed leading to increased quality of life
How do the roads in "The Roads Must Roll" work?
Why was Cardinal Richeleu one of the main antagonists in 1632?
If the Klingons joined the United Federation of Planets would they have to give up their cloaking technology?
How do Time Lords prove to others that they are the same person as their past regenerations?
1970s: Student creates complex program, forgets about it, and it becomes intelligent and finds him years later
How anticommunist was Robert Heinlein?
Forgot the title of the movie with a bad killer robot in a spaceship
What is the largest ship in the Star Trek Universe?
Naming of Middle Earth: inspired by Norse mythology?
How long does the effect of the Imperius curse last?
Any ideas what these Doctor Who monsters are?
What happens to the sandworm after its riders release it?
Time error in Roger Zelazny Amber Chronicles
How does "Mad Eye Barty" compare to Mad-Eye Moody?
How could Thor's hammer Mjölnir be forged in the heart of a dying star?
Why didn't Dumbledore say at the trial that he'd given Harry permission?
What was the significance of the weapon locked in Alice's drawer?
Were there high-powered mutants in Foundation universe before the Mule?
Did Heinlein express an opinion on "non-traditional marriage" in real life?
Why are the Frost Giants in 'Thor' so short?
Why couldn't Luna do "Accio shoes"?
How do wizards prevent Accio-fueled robberies?
What happens to Raava after fusion with Avatar?
What was the cause of Avatar Wan's death?
What book had a Japanese title, a futuristic samurai head on the cover, and spelled America “Amerika”?
When did the events between issues 7 & 8 of Guardians of the Galaxy vol.3 occur?
Novel with plane which is soundless and can't see while in sky
Help Identifying A Medieval / Fantasy Animated Cartoon Quote: "Fireball, Fly!"
Which murdered king was mentioned in Tywin's history lesson?
Shouldn't Ozai have remained "Fire Lord"?
How come so many species in Star Trek universe have compatible communications technologies?
Why was Ash able to overcome the possessing spirits?
Is there an explanation for the run of self-referential episodes in Supernatural Season 4?
How tall is Heimdall in the movie 'Thor'?
What was the weapon Lord Voldemort was after in OotP?
Who was the oldest Elf left in Middle Earth at the start of the War of the Ring at the end of the third age?
Short story, possibly in a Weird Tales collection: prince imprisoned after his castle was invaded by magicians, eventually gets revenge
Why didn't Gollum kill Frodo and Sam?
TV's Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. vs The Comic Books
Help with title of book about mind control
What virtue prolonged Robert Baratheon's sovereignty?
Why didn't Dumbledore see the whomping willow in PoA?
Would Nagini have become the master of the Elder Wand?
What happened to Firelord Ozai's supporters/followers after the Hundred Year War?
Would the first Avatar have been a Firebender?
Why was Edward immune to papercut and not Jasper?
What is the Destroyer's power source?
What happens to deceased clones?
Original Ender's Game victory vs later editions
Why was there a pit in the Emperor's chamber on Death Star?
The Walking Dead - Why do the dead in first episode not turn?
Can non-humans master a wand in Harry Potter?
Does personified Death really exist in Harry Potter?
Looking for a novel about a dystopian future where the resistance operates a help line
Can two people master the Elder Wand at one time?
Was the Ministry of Magic corrupt?
Remember a Novel with Antigravity Metal and Warping Space?
Making Sense of Battlestar Galactica's Network Ban
Why did Thranduil not help the Dwarves of Erebor?
Foundation of Seldon's plan
Novel set on a generational ship with a unique "chess"-like game
Did the Second Foundation know about the flaw in the Seldon Plan?
Why hasn't Mance Rayder attacked the Wall yet?
Cartoon short film involving mission to a Mars base which fired missiles to Earth containing creatures
On getting cancer again, why didn't she try Hera's blood again?
Movie about a boy transported to a virtual island via a Gameboy-style device
Does anyone remember the title of a book where single-celled organisms save some astronauts?
How can we refer to the people of Tarsonis?
Why is it considered taboo for a Federation citizen to live on a primitive world?
How does the dagger work in Prince of Persia
Can a Muggle do anything with a wand?
What exactly happened to Thranduil's face while he was arguing with Thorin?
Deathstroke's Gear
What's in the box at the end of Lovecrafts's Reanimator?
Why do thieves wear unique and highly recognizable Thieves Guild armor?
How is local transportation managed on Earth
How sentient were the magical portraits in Harry Potter?
Why did Data have to help Picard identify a city block?
Story ident : Time travel story, probably from an Analog Magazine (1995-2005?)
How did Luke know that R2D2 would be on Jabba's barge?
Did Jabba have his own personal spacecraft?
Do Hutts have a biological resistance to Force manipulation?
I'm looking for the name of a sci fi book
Why didn't Weeping Angels kill Sally Sparrow when she grabbed TARDIS key?
At what point are Asgardians considered full grown?
Sci fi story told from the alien's Point of View
How did humans know about Thor and Loki?
Is Spock's use of 'fascinating' unique?
Was time travel commonplace in the 23rd century?
When did Kirk and Spock check the records in Assignment Earth?
Order of the Phoenix: Why did it hurt Voldemort to possess Harry at the end of the book?
Why was Hermione not in Ravenclaw?
What was the causeway span leading to the Bifrost Bridge made out of?
What is the bank system in Game of Thrones and why is it legitimate to exist?
Who created the Prime Directive?
What are the titles of the K-PAX books?
Did the Fire Nation support child labour?
Who is Peter in "Pride Before the Fall"?
Is Shelob a Maia?
Iron Man 2: The purpose of Tony's chest reactor?
Are there two Trons?
How did Sirius Black find 4, Privet Drive in PoA?
How can Loki's default appearance be like Asgardians/Humans?
How did Spock calculate the time travel?
In terms of energy output, what type of bending is strongest?
How did the Joker's "pencil trick" kill his victim?
Is Vader's armor lightsaber-proof?
Were Batman's phones used to map surroundings using custom hardware? How did he distribute them?
Is the White Walker/Other that Samwell Tarly encounters of importance(high-rank)?
What is the maximum range of the very best Starfleet transporter in the Star Trek universe?
Could Hagrid have re-attempted Hogwarts after CoS?
Who is bound to the Prime Directive?
Why did Thanos plan the Chitauri invasion when he only needed Tesseract?
Could Basilisk be killed using Avada Kedavra?
In Game of Thrones season 2-3, why were Frey's soldiers (possible spoilers)?
What caused Voldemort to become so Evil, or is his villainy 'inherent'?
What is the average lifespan of Middle-earth creatures?
Can a non-warp capable ship travel at light speed by tucking in close to a warp capable ship?
Does Melisandre really worship R'hllor, or does she merely use that belief?
Need help remembering this sci-fi comedy show from 90s
Fantasy Short Story that appeared in an anthology about 1968-1971
Which of Blake's allies did the abstract demon 'kill'?
How tightly can a starship turn while at warp?
Book about a man abducted by aliens - from a boat in mid-ocean
What caused the oathbreakers in the Paths of the Dead to turn into shades?
What's the connection between Community and Captain America?
Has anyone ever been unhappy with the sorting hat's decision?
Book involving an orphan who becomes a spacecraft gunner
What's with Nimbus 2000/2001 naming?
Do wizards use the same calendar as muggles?
Looking for a story about a post-apocalyptic earth where an AI learns about humanity
Story about extraterrestrial slug trying to communicate
Can a wand choose two people?
Why did Loki surrender in Avengers? If he did this willingly, what were his intentions?
Does Batman use Linux?
Did Dumbledore plan to have Harry possess all 3 Hallows?
Space Dragon Book?
How long can a person be kept in a Carbonite so that they can be successfully revitalized? Do people age within it?
Science Fiction Novel where Dinosaurs are still alive in the Modern Day
Are Galaxy or Constitution class ships capable of landing?
In the Star Trek Universe, can a non-cloak capable ship hide within another ship's cloak?
Fantasy novel about a warrior woman with a golden hand?
Seismic disrupters
What technological means are there to go faster than warp 10?
Work the Spring
How did Palpatine create Vader's suit in such short notice?
Why didn't Picard borrow a Klingon vessel to go to Nelvana III?
Why did Ozai confront Ursa (The Search Part 2)
Trying to identify a short story about a Man who becomes a genius due to a US government lab experiment
Was Unalaq still in control after the merger with Vaatu
What science fantasy 80's series had a car that turned at right angles?
Why are the holodecks on Voyager in use if they have energy issues?
What is the 'Structural Integrity Field' made of?
Novel with the plague and a knight sent from the devil
When did Snape become a member of the Order of the Phoenix?
YA Book (series?) - Trying to find a SF story about a young girl raised by a robot on an alien world?
Can the Q transport without the flash?
Why didn't Tom Riddle kill Harry Potter in Chamber of Secrets?
How accessible are replicators?
Why were Data's eyes yellow?
Why do unicorn prefer a woman's touch to a man's?
Why doesn't the Order use unforgivable curses in case of life threatening situations?
When, why and how did Tom Riddle anagram his name?
Novel about people living in a virtual reality on a spaceship, only discovering this over time
Identify short story: creative people brought to future to finish their work
Why is there no combadge lag on initiating inter-personnel comms?
Clock Embeded in Eyelid. Choose Your Own Adventure(?)
Short story about a man donating a rare blood type who learns that the donation is for a vampire
How did the huge dragon skulls get placed in the dungeon?
Did the Joker mislead Batman, or was the Joker himself ignorant of the facts?
Fantasy piece involving different worlds and a crippled protagonist
How do you pronounce Thorin II Oakenshield?
How many times in the novels is the narrator not focused on Harry Potter?
In "The Moon is a Harsh Mistress" there is group marriage. If two married couples married one another is that legal?
In the Transformers movies, what Air Force rank is U.S. Air Force Combat Controller Robert Epps suppose to be?
Identify a movie with a tribe of children, with one on a quest
Why doesn't the duke marry Jessica?
Craster's last son [spoilers]
What race invaded Jack's home world?
Were there any jails or some type of incarceration centers in Middle-earth or Tolkien's legendarium
How much energy does the transporting of one person consume?
Are there any public holidays in the 24th century?
Young Girl Fantasy Series (I think?)
Which monster did Darth Bane fight when he landed on the moon Dxun?
Who blows the horn three times announcing the White Walkers?
What is the smallest cloaking device in the Star Trek universe?
When Magneto removed the adamantium from Wolverine's body in X-Men #25, why does Xavier call him "Magnus"?
What communications technology is used by Starfleet com badges?
Genetic Defects of the Uruk-hai
Why bother with Unforgivable Curses?
Story Identification - post-apocalyptic novel solar incident, new time and old time
Book about a planet where DNA swapping between animals humans and metal eating microbes published in 1995 or earlier
What 70s dystopian story has people segregated based on every physical characteristic?
YA Series about alive boy sent to ghost fantasy world by ghost to prevent him from being killed
