Are there any FIPS140-2 requirements that apply when boot code is updated in the field?
What can an attacker do with a stolen SSL private key? What should the web admin do?
Recompute Rainbow table with salt?
What drives FIPS140-2 compliance?
How are AV scanners protecting against encrypted (PGPd) malicious code?
Looking for something like a QR code that cannot be copied/reproduced
How to analyze a rootkit?
Do most browsers handle mixed encrypted and unencrypted content correctly?
How do I test and secure ASN.1 Parsers?
Why can the validity of an SSL certificate exceed the registration period of a domain?
how long does it take to brute force varying encryption standards?
How to safely collect bank account from website?
How do I use OpenSSL with the Java Keytool?
OWASP Top 10? How about OWASP Top 1000?
Types of attacks outside of AppSec and Vendor-Specific Systems?
What user was this spammer trying to authenticate as?
Open Source Vulnerability Scanner
Internal SSL Certificates?
Securing AES 128 encrypted ZIPs against brute force attacks
SSL cert not turning green anymore
Wireless client isolation - how does it work, and can it be bypassed?
How secure is AES-128 for Zip files?
Does a hash have more than one possible original message?
Establish a secure channel with mutual authentication given pre-shared public keys
Can NSEC domain enumeration happen for zones with wildcard records?
Facebook changed the default email address for every contact.  How do I mitigate the impact and risk?
Outbound TFTP request to 255.255.255.255
Implications of securing data in RAM
Equipment required for sniffing data / address buses via EM emission
Are there any anonymous OpenID providers similar to Gawker's "burner"?
Can a polymorphic/metamorphic worm use a mutex?
What are the security risks when using free Content delivery networks (CDNs)?
Does it make sense that OCSP returns state for the signer CA itself
MySQL/CGI: password in C source file unsafe?
PHP 5.3.9 Vulnerability Help
Is a HMAC-ed password is more secure than a bcrypt-ed or scrypt-ed password?
ISO27000 implementation - Where do you get the standardization material?
Hash, encryption of file... key? Need help
Why do we need to use HTTP CONNECT?
NVidia update service creates local account on system. Does anyone know the users password?
Are there vunerabilities with this authentication mechanism?
Is it common practice to log rejected passwords?
ISP role with VPN & VPS?
VPS logging issues?
How can I do a secure reinstallation on an android device?
Analyzing wireshark results (openvpn)
Long Passwords: How are they more secure?
does Avast SafeZone actually make a difference?
Which mobile phone OS implements or plan to implement data protection using keys derived from passwords per NIST SP800-132?
Scanning A Subnet Externaly
How does google docs know password for published googledocs document on a public site?
Security at writing in a folder
Verify Login and Encrypt with PBKDF2
Is the password hash better when you concatenate the password and username?
Is there a way to store user files without being able to decrypt them?
Windows 8 in a VDI environment and the use of Secure Boot
Is this phishing or the real PayPal?
nmap showing unknown IPs on private network
PGP Secret Key Values calculation
Is there any risk in allowing ping packets *out* through a firewall
What is a "cuckoo's egg"?
Knowing Hash Algorithm from Hashed String
Is it ok to use computer while scanning for viruses?
Does anti-virus/security software protect against NTFS ADS?
Is SecureShellz bot a virus? How does it work?
What is the real risk from trusted forests / domains?
Do browsers allows pages loaded on one tab to access/intercept/inject data in other tabs?
Identify an HTTP scanner from some HTTP headers
Backtrack 5 in a VM - Why bridged networking over NAT?
What preparation do I need to fullfil for OSCP?
Can voice chat be spied?
AV inserting email header logic
Are there any addons that disable only some functionality of scripts?
In what situations are web services required to protect confidentiality of user information?
Is it generally a bad idea to encrypt database fields?
Losing Private Keys
Suspicious .exe set to run at startup: Determine if file exists still
What not to reveal of OS configuration
Would running VMs inside of VMs be a more secure way to study viruses, etc?
Solution to site database
How to secure the connection between the proxy and application
How might the U.K. Government's proposed internet surveillance equipment "bypass" encryption?
What happens when and attacker changes the installed public keys in browser
Is it advisable to have a web browser remember login credentials?
Is this Ubuntu server configuration secure?
Is a multitenant web app built on Apache Cassandra more resilient against DoS attacks?
Skype security concerns on an enterprise network
Authentication between web services within the same project
How should I tell an organisation that they are vulnerable when I wasn't given permission to check?
Is client side encryption really better than server side?
How to encode letters in multipart/form-data to include CR/LF characters?
How to scan internet?
Storing password hashes without a correlation to the user account
When to use the different types of Encryption / hash algorithm?
Does storing bank account-routing number combinations fall under PCI DSS Level 1 compliance rules?
Why does the government/military not use special operating systems?
Is it a bad idea to let the user responsible for his own symmetric key?
Custom EC2-style user authentication system - how secure is it?
Comparing the standard HTML form POST for user authentication vs Javascript/AJAX
When using AES and CBC, is it necessary to keep the IV secret?
Using GPG or PGP for symmetric database encryption/decryption in c#
Safely disable firewire/thunderbolt, patching up DMA exposure
Interesting article on a vulnerability found in Tor
How do you properly setup Tor on Windows 7?
SSL Inspection - how should it be done?
SQL injection explanation
Is this approach of securing cookie secure?
buffer/heap overflow - register of what is executed
Using GPG or PGP for symmetric database encryption/decryption in c#
Can web application do anything to prevent risk from client-side malware?
Is there a way to mitigate BEAST without disabling AES completely?
Security risks of hosting user-supplied images?
How can I identify that my page is requested by robot, but not user's browser?
SASL Authentication Protocol with No Cleartext passwords
How to destroy old credit card?
PHP crypt() or phpass for storing passwords?
How to fix the audit failure in our web server
Is this password hashing method secure?
Security testing plan template or example
Why don't G+, Facebook and Twitter use text editors to share? Why would someone receive each separately?
What are some good arguments for having your work send you to e.g. DEFCON or Black Hat
Advice if safe from mail header injection PHP
Challenging challenge: client-side password hashing and server-side password verification
Protect our payroll data from a legal and moral obligation
Closing handles of a process as a regular user
I want to remove my WAP access list
PCI Audit: Using "test" cards
End of mail spoofing?
What torrent software should I be aware of as a security professional?
Why do browsers warn about mixed content for images?
How are signatures for IPS determined
Repairing corrupt TrueCrypt volumes/disks?
How does malware such as Stuxnet and Flamer propagate through USB memory sticks?
Can you recommend a good book on Backtrack/Metasploit?
How does a trojan like Trojan:JS/BlacoleRef.BV infect a website?
Is it possible to do HTTP header injection if CR/LF are stripped?
Need help identifying the OSX process that's generating strange network traffic
Why Disallow Special Characters In a Password?
Differences between brute forcing access versus decrypting password files or databases
How secure is HTTP basic authentication over SSL?
Recommended # of rounds for bcrypt
SUN Remote Procedure Call Port 111
How secure is github's whitelisting CORS domains?
Does this kind of hashing exist?
How to setup an internal firewall
Is TLS-in-TLS supported in any software? Does it make sense?
SSL CipherSuite Choices
how to identify p2p on network
Can anybody recommend any gems for checking security vulnerabilities?
How to intercept an application that bypasses local proxy
Better techniques than url parameter encryption
HSTS extra security over HTTPS
What are security risks of serving user uploaded files without Content-Disposition?
How to upgrade the hashing method of a live database without compromising security?
HTTPS and cache injection
What are some common misconceptions about SSL/TLS that members of the general public hold?
How can I prevent private data from being disclosed outside of my organization?
password complexity policy for non "English" passwords
What are the laws regarding ISP recording IP addresses? How would they know who had which?
I want to have the security of my crypto code checked, how should I go about doing so?
Comparing cookie values with page parameters (i.e. href)
What are the most common files to check with File integrity monitoring software?
What encryption hash function I should use for password securing?
Can hash functions be used with CTR or OFB mode?
How do I change the certificate of a Shibboleth service provider?
How to know who I am protecting database information from?
How to secure MySQL based web session data table?
Is it worth the effort to store FTP passwords encrypted?
How come FireFox came out with another release a week latter? Was a threat discovered?
Is it possible to modify a CA without having to reissue all of the derived certificates?
If Xampp is not secure enough for a production environment what should I use?
What are potential security risks when using an insecure wireless connection?
How do you analyze an unknown network protocol?
Password security : complexity and length
Win Server 2008 RDP Attack
Can most mail from *.ru be considered spam?
PCI Compliance network scope
Vulnerability of a computer behind a serial port?
How do I securely store and retrieve a many-time use key?
How to securely set up wifi?
Citation Needed for FIPS Anecdote Regarding MD5 and RC4
How to catch a SMS spammer who is using google voice to spam me
How does VPN encryption work?
Can an intermediate CA be trusted like a self-signed root CA?
PCI-DSS and salt storage
MITM session injection/invalidation
Conky for PenTesters
Vulnerabilities in Host Proof Hosting
Access Flags for Handles
How can TrueCrypt encrypt a System Drive on a live OS?
How to filter POST requests before they reach PHP on Apache?
How can I use this path bypass/exploit Local File Inclusion?
website hacked and all its content erased despite the protections
How to protect against clickjacking attack but allow legit iframes?
Android phone number from disk image
Should I encrypt data on my server as an extra layer of protection?
How to store salt?
How password hashing is useful in MITM attack?
How does WEP wireless security work?
Signature and Timestamp for Long Term Document Archival Question
Why does chrome connects to MarkMonitor (always on startup)
Implementing an invitation process for user setup
How is iptables useful to prevent attacks against a LAN?
What is the application of SHA384withRSAEncryption?
Does using both GPG encrypted files and encrypted filesystem make sense?
Is it wrong to collect and store IP addresses?
To salt, or not to salt?
I may have given a check to a scam organization is my account at risk
How to effectively (and reasonably) secure Windows in corporate environment.
Does the salt need to be unique or not predictable?
Testing my network using aircrack-ng not working
Cracking PCI terminal using a trojan based on the card
What is cross-site-scripting?
Recently received a odd email
Does deliberately wrong information from a DNS server violate standards generally accepted good practices?
Is howsecureismypassword.net safe to use?
Strange Pharma Spam Site resulting from DAT file created by SQL Injection?
What is the benefit of the scope in OAuth2?
Considerations when displaying OpenID and WS-* output to an end user
How to find & remove twitter spambot?
How do browser injections work?
Microsoft SQL server 2000 sp3a - isn't it oudated?
Is it possible to fake the mail server address?
Writing exploit code that bypasses IPS detection
Find changes and modifications made to system by application or virus,
How reliable/secure is QCaptcha?
What is the most secure way to recover password online?
Domain name expiration and TLS
What are the vulnerabilities of using NFC on my Samsung SGS3?
What is the difference between an electronic signature and a digital signature
Do these mysql and ssh issues mean my rails server was hacked?
DDoS Protection for DNS providers
Electromagnetic induction attacks - reverse TEMPEST?
Facebook page receiving improbable amount of likes from unknown users
How does OpenID signature work without a shared key?
How do I create a valid email certificate for Outlook S/MIME with openssl?
How to devise a security policy?
Is there an access-control model defined in terms of application structure?
How to crack password hashed using SSHA?
How dependable can data encryption be without re-entry of password on startup?
What are the supported versions of RHEL 5 by the NSA?
Are there any security issues with importing mail via POP/IMAP?
If the attacker knows part of the password but not the length, does that help him in any way?
What was Microsoft trying to do when they had Windows Updates over their website?
Where is future of computer security?
How to detect cookie stuffing attacks?
Please recommend best-practices documents for sharing encrypted data with non-technical end-users
Clarification on an email about a security breach
Trying to understand password hashing
Exclude file names from mod_security patterns
IPTables DDoS protection working with per client IP address counter AND UDP
Monitor incoming TCP/UDP flood attack and graph it
Session management: Are the features of application server enough?
Should companies use Crowd Source Audit Platform for Manual Penetration Test?
Detecting malware hidden in P2P traffic
Should IP addresses be validated to prevent SQL Injection?
When changing a password, does it have to be completely different?
How are Chrome and Firefox validating SSL Certificates?
Loginless Client/Server Architecture (iOS)
How can i find what hashing algorithm was used?
Is it dangerous to allow user to view a file directory via web browser?
Windows 7 Password Hash Security
How can mini-computers (like Raspberry Pi) be applied to IT security?
Should i use SSL for local access?
Storing only BIN part of PAN, does this qualify as a full PAN?
Shall I need to use MD5 algorithm in both JavaScript and PHP for login authentication?
Fuzzing Android API
Is having Steam installed a security risk?
Is it possible to MITM between Google voice SMS/TXT Messaging
Excel 2007 Encryption Strength
Snort Sensor Placement
How can we factor Moore's law into password cracking estimates?
is it appropriate to set restrictions on a user's password?
What risks do Cookieless sessions have?  What are the mitigations?
Apple FileVault -- would Apple build a backdoor?
MITM Attacks over SSL
Seeking advice on how to build a box to brute force hashes?
Finding date of last network access
What are the risks of posting my email address to pwnedlist.com?
I use an online email provider - how can I test my password strength?
Are there Bluetooth attacks on Smartphones that will not notify the user of the attack?
What is the best way to securely keep clear passwords?
Explain SSL advantages for e-commerce to layperson?
What are the security issues relating to macro enabled MS office documents?
Lost passphrase recovery for SSL
Four-way Handshake in WPA-Personal (WPA-PSK)
What may a Hungarian employer do with the employee monitoring logs?
Strategies for signing sections of a text file to prevent tampering
How to recover a lost zip file password
Can a man engaged in phishing be prosecuted if I know his IP?
Are there DNS analysis tools that could detect bad DNS results?
How do I hide files inside an image without using any steganography tools?
Java Applet for mutual authentication with smart card
Windows security policy analysis tool
How can crackers reconstruct 200k salted password hashes so fast?
Any reason not to use same key for multiple SSL domains on one server?
Is it secure to use similar password over different accounts?
"Username and/or Password Invalid" - Why do websites show this kind of message instead of informing the user which one was wrong?
Is there any explanation (other than storing plaintext) for case-insensitive passwords?
Are these email captchas legitimate?
How can I report PCI-DSS violations?
windows firewall turns OFF automatically
How to secure passwords when site is opensource
What are the most common infection vectors for personal computers?
Is there a real possibility of getting malware by “drive-by”?
Is it possible to Identify a VPN user by finding relations in traffic?
Can a batch file download a file to infect a computer?
Would this be plausible for a metamorphic virus? Not repeatedly infecting same system
Workarounds for :visited CSS History reconnaissance
Signing data bigger than allowed RSA Block size?
How do the STS token formats compare to each other SAML vs SWT vs JWT?
Custom font protection?
Looking for a taxonomy of web attacks
Distinct databases with the same Kerberos Authentication server
What are the methods to find hooked functions and APIs?
Encrypting string in JavaScript and decryption in Java
How to create an Apple Installer Package Signing Certificate
on stack execution on windows 7 :: metasploit :: meterpreter :: executable crypter
Computer decryption algorithms and knowing the solution
Can a HSM be used to make password hashing stronger?
Anonymous proxy over SSL
Why would it be a good idea for someone to get a YubiKey?
What is a YubiKey and how does it work?
What is the most cost effective way to comply with PCI requirement 6.5, developer training?
Any solution to passing a penetration test for an outdated php web application without upgrading the application?
Possible to use both private key and password authentication for ssh login?
Web application penetration testing resources?
Is it safe to generate passwords online?
Data Retention Laws for ISPs in North America
Why are passwords limited to 16 characters?
HTTP daemon and Webroot permissions
Does Java applets reveal the real IP address, even when using proxy or vpn?
Issues with using a mail server that doesn't support authentication to send mail?
Understanding CSRF vulnerability in Web Application?
Logic for generating Strong Password?
Security Alert - Office File Validation - how to decide whether to proceed?
How effective is changing the MAC address?
Is sending password to user email secure?
How to verify that a clientside-generated object is genuine?
How insecure are non-cryptographic random number generators?
How is banking softwares used over the internet
With PBKDF2, what is an optimal Hash size in bytes? What about the size of the salt?
Are there any regulations against financial companies storing passwords in plaintext?
How to add safety to login page
Protect sensitive data from sysadmin prying eyes
Why do attackers bother (trivially) obfuscating their source code?
Chrome: Finding vulnerabilities using AddressSanitizer
Chrome: Found a crash, is it a security vulnerability?
How can passwords be stolen from Yahoo?
Is there more to password hashing?
Web Application Firewall Rule Optimization
What was done to gain a list of home directory accounts?
Why aren't digital signatures the standard way to authenticate web clients?
How insecure are PHP's rand functions?
Denial of Service on SSL services
Creating user specific authentication methods in SSH
Snort & Logging
How to properly secure a $_GET in PHP?
Nessus doesn't find self-written plugins
What to do next for this possible buffer overflow?
Isn't microtime() or mt_rand() sufficient for password reset?
Do VPNs provide sufficient protection over public wireless networks?
Ftp constantly asked for a .exe file, what can i do?
Can /etc/passwd file be accessed on a cpanel shared hosting account?
How to bypass firewall protection to hack windows server 2003?
Preventing Client PC's from accessing C&C machines
Can I export my digital certificate to this emtec usb
What security concerns exist in running a glassfish app directly on port 443
known public exploits for vsftpd 2.0.1/2.0.5
How to secure unprotected Telnet Server on Droid 3
Virus Encoded in Video
Is multiple encryption a good idea?
Is .bank owned by banking industry or not?
Can GPG be a full replacement for PGP?
The email system is compromised - what can you do?
What are the go-to books on server security?
Securely tell the user his password in new WHM/Cpanel account creation?
How to make database of IP addresses anonymous?
How Is It Possible For Hackers To "Dig Up The Dirt" On People?
Protecting passphrases within an application
Are phone calls normally recorded?
Diagnosing possible svchost.exe thread on Windows 7
Is there an index of all md5 collisions?
How securely use Firefox Add-on to prevent steal data?
How does disk encryption mounting work with large disk and low RAM?
Do I need to purchase a PCI DSS certificate?
How to verify the authenticity of Facebook users?
What camera resolution is required to identify human faces?
Intrusion attempt? Host 'somedomain.org' is not allowed to connect to this MySQL server
Should I take care of mysql credentials?
How should I store a password to allow people to enter single characters from it?
What CVE identifier will follow after CVE-2012-9999?
Need help decoding suspicious Perl .cgi files
Detect changes in /boot when using full disk encryption
Header opening a PDF file, can someone hack a website from there?
My server is being DDoS'ed with 13 gbit and my provider nulled my ip, taking down my server - what can i do
Is it possible to "close" a port by dos'ing it?
Web Application Firewall Rules
tcp seq number prediction
Can I bypass my own networked camera?
What kind of certificate do I need to be able to sign my own subdomain certificates?
How many possibilities can today's computers check (per second) in a SHA512 hash of a 50-byte-long random entry?
What are the security advantage of new redirecting method used by Gmail and Facebook?
Dangers of a vulnerability in a local installer?
Why shouldn't we roll our own?
Is purging AES keys allowed legally?
Sample challenge questions for use with self service password reset and validation
Security of Log Files - Injecting malicious code in Log files
Is a new protocol needed for credit card transactions?
Virus developers groups
Publicly available Botnet Traffic dataset
How do I protect my Gmail account when accessing it via an Android smartphone?
Mars Curiosity Rover Security
Can signing too much compromise a private key?
Can public keys be a security risk when performing password-less SSH logins?
Do LAMP log files sometimes contain sensitive information?
Is it standard practice to ask a customer to send a photo of their credit card to confirm their identity? 
Security model for datacenters
Sensitive information I don't want my work to backup
How to pentest Flash file on webapp with alowscriptaccess=samedomain?
secure webmail provider
wireless: Jamming or interference?
CMS Uses http and so sends password in plain text
Where should I go from here to be a pentester?
Password resets - what practices should web services follow?
Global salt vs salt-per-password
Ethical Hacking - Penetration Testing Book(s)
Does password protecting an archived file actually encrypt it?
Standards for physical Access Control systems
Is sha-1 hash always the same?
Is this logic security / performance wise or not?
Chrome is telling me I am receiving a forged certificate for Gmail, is someone trying to hack me?
Lots of 'unidentified exploits' detected with w3af
what are some instances of compromises due to email sniffing?
Is the Raspberry Pi vulnerable to injection beyond the SD Card?
Transfer Client Certificate
Are SQL injection scans considered illegal?
How to properly validate HTTP redirects?
Canonicalization & Output Encoding
Why ban XSS instead of flagging it?
Has cryptography reached the development level where social engineering is the only reliable method of attack?
unix config scanner / compliance checks
Evasion techiques for WAFs
Is storing answers to security questions in plain text bad form?
Is it okay to wrap a cryptographic hash with MD5 for storage?
Send credit card info by email from HTTPS and SMTP on SSL
Information Security is becoming more important, but why is it still so difficult to start off in?
Are all smart card readers the same?
Issues with preserving $HOME on sudo
Encrypting/decrypting information in database
A BFE registry key's ACL is flagged by Microsoft Attack Surface Analyzer - what do I need to do?
Does truncating the cryptographic hash make it impossible to crack?
When do Ps Tools send cleartext passwords, and how can I demonstrate this?
How does http://un****-us.com/ work?
How can I determine whether a website somehow protects against brute force attacks on my password? (assume I can't create an anonymous account)
Is using a “Red” and a “Green” browser to balance LOB requirements and security a good approach?
Replacement for One Time Passwords (OTP)
Is it possible to break captcha?
Why does the password field not show the entered text?
Is it more or less secure when an entity shares it's security procedures?
How to do layer 3 VLAN hopping?
What are some good references discussing the pros and cons of a company Wi-Fi network for personal use?
Why strip accept-encoding?
Appilicability of Theoritical Computer Science/Formal methods in Malware research
Are SSL Certificates (Private and Public key) generated by OpenSSL and makecert compatible?
How secure is the SRP that Blizzard uses to protect passwords?
Application of Bayesian network for Web Application Security
Web-browser based biometrics?
What is a cryptographic puzzle?
Windows process and socket capture
How do I run a security check on my WordPress server?
Why users want to disable cookies?
Building a secure server with CentOs
PRNG: Does combining insecure algos help?
How much does network security audit and patch work?
How could an AV detect a virus that has a chance of not decrypting itself?
Isn't OpenID over HTTP (not HTTPS) fatally flawed when delegates are used?
Client-side cross-site access in SSL environment - when it's still possible to do?
Is BEAST really fixed in all modern browsers?
For what do I hash user passwords with PDKDF2 when the user data is stored in the same database?
Curious about best start for autoresponding Certificate Authority (CA)
Tracking unique web site visits without logging IP addresses
Usernames - Should their length be limited?
using truecrypt keyfiles with weak passwords
What are the security measures taken on GPS transmissions?
Why do I get AV alerts when browsing a web page?
Is multi-factor authentication supported by any current bios?
How "enforcable" are email disclaimers
Is it secure to use jQuery on the server-side for user input validation?
Google Account: implications of using application-specific passwords
How do ASLR and DEP work?
Signed request vs HTTP digest auth for API authentication?
Is this enough for an NIDS
Monitor traffic
Is it okay for API secret to be stored in plain text or decrypt-able?
How to secure a server backend
What is social engineering, how does it relate to security and how can it affect my business?
Ideas to build security awareness
How can I prevent my son accessing my PC?
How can we get into the user's mindset?
How do you prevent physical backups from being stolen?
Securing a REST API: is api_secret signing and ssl enough?
Potential insecurity in not sanitizing variables before INSERT with prepared statement in PDO
Protecting critical state infrastructure from the aftermath of a nuclear blast
Kik | WhatsApp - Encrypted? iOS / Android Message encryption tips
HTTP Basic auth password storage more secure than Digest auth
How to sign & timestamp log or zip files?
Theory X vs Theory Y in social engineering
Is this a ViewState attack?
Why did it take so long to enforce memory permissions?
How to make SQL injection in PostgreSQL's tsquery?
Is there any technical security reason not to buy the cheapest SSL certificate you can find?
CAPTCHA or email confirmation?
Convince the company not to store credit card numbers in our webapp
Why is 0x41414141 associated with security exploits?
Drupal Security & Two DBs
How to implement an API-Key-Mechanism
Are there any know browsers that support file URL redirection?
Should I block visitors who seem to be probing my site?
Why wireshark source ip tab lists other ip as well
Use token for Windows Server 2008 AD RMS
Asymmetric crypto: Decrypt own messages without having private key
AMD64 overflows and null bytes
How secure is FileVault 2 while the computer is in sleep mode?
What is reverse social engineering?
Risks of Mullions in High Security Areas
When registering for most websites, why do you need to confirm your email address?
How to exploit a windows server when you have read-only filesystem access
Security risks using tmpfile() for sensitive data in PHP
How to mimic an emotion?
Is Creating a Restricted Database User in Microsoft SQL Server Decent Protocol
How to hack linux from phpMyAdmin?
How to educate users about the dangers of social engineering?
What would be a good way to guarantee security of theft and loss of sensitive data in a shared rack?
When a company asks to test physical security, what are some techniques one could use to gain entry?
When should police be notified about host intrusion?
Who are these crazy referrers?
How can I know if my PC is getting infected?
How to find rogue access points?
How to convince your boss about importance of IT security
Does having a minimum number of digits improve password security?
Firewall Migration: NetScreen NS500 to FortiGate
SMS Authentication: random OTP or a cryptographic one
How does my antivirus determine which CTL is used?
E-mail Server Security
Automating Social Engineering Prevention
Cheap, Foot-in-the-door certifications?
SQL Injection tool (Mac OS X)
How do I improve the physical security of a rack cabinet?
What is a "Trailing Host Header", and how can I test for it?
What steps can you take to make offline cracking of SRP harder?
How to store chat conversations on my website?
How to make / dump contents of memory for forensics analysis?
What do I need to worry about when moving from a compromised system to a clean one?
Why aren't application downloads routinely done over HTTPS?
Should SMS systems warn users of possible spoofing attacks?
How secure is HTTPS with weak ciphersuites?
Finding a specific malware sample for malware analysis purposes
How to safely view a malicious PDF?
Do you need to encrypt session data?
Should I use salt to authenticate data?
Is there a reason to protect SIM with PIN?
Is proper documentation on .xef files available anywhere?
Best way to handle identity theft incident?
How useful or beneficial is participating in CTF contests for my security career?
Why should the user ID and group ID of every file match an existing user?
The inner workings of iMessage security?
Any reasons to why not use randomize_va_space?
Are there technical disadvantages in using free ssl certificates?
Why do some large companies still store passwords in plain text/decrypt-able format?
Is server hardening with grsecurity really necessary on the CentOS 6.3 environment?
Best Practice: “One per-user ssh key” or “multiple per-host ssh keys”
Hardware enforced DEP on different CPUs
Password Vault - Enterprise
PCI-DSS for VX570 and POS on same network
What attacks does a W^X policy prevent against?
Can a SIM card be tracked without cell phone and battery?
How do RSA fingerprints protect from MITM attacks?
Secure way to transfer public/secret key to second computer
RSA encryption : How to create ".arm" certificate file for Public key?
Are there any tools that focus on shellcode analysis?
vulnerabilities in a machine that detects vulnerability scanners
Bad planning causing weak passwords
From password to key
Apache mod_rewrite vulnerability
apache mod_isapi public exploits
Does UNIX have a dual approval mechanism?
Web browsing on Windows 2008 R2 terminal server (RDS): IE9 or Firefox? Flash or not?
Secure source code review tool for jQuery
Shibboleth user attribute encryption
Is it safe to store password in PHP session?
Confusion: Why isn't a passhrase encrypted SSH key two factor auth?
IKEv2 in remote access scenarios
What is the actual security of this login page?
VGA/HDMI Based Attack
What can a hacker do with an IP address?
Computing RSA 1024-bit Decryption Performance
How can Microsoft validate a shorter password on Microsoft accounts (MSDN)?
How can a service shorten a password if it is not stored in plaintext?
Is it possible for a phishing link to install a major virus on a Mac?
Why it does not matter whether you type HEX or ASCII as WEP WiFi password?
How to make an outbound request to users to update their passwords?
Stopping users from spoofing an IP
Instant access to application using token in url
What are the security precautions taken to ensure a virtualized domain can't compromise its host
Where and How is data stored in a session?
Is it safer to use less heard of software than popular software?
tor and widecap dns leak
Security implications of using a OAuth-enabled password manager
Attaching hotspot to existing network - can it be secured?
how to identify whether my page is phished or normal page?
Can the `system` function pose severe security threats on a shared hosting server?
How to prove a password guessing theory from Matt Bishop's book "Introduction to Computer Security"
Mail server (sendmail) sends spam to innocent people
Amavisd-New and Google safe browsing
How to ensure web application remains secured after intrusion of server
How to determine if a browser is using an SSL or TLS connection?
I'm currently receiving a targeted attack
Is asymmetric encryption ever recommended for long-term storage?
Restrict network access for a single process with SELinux or AppArmor
Disable DES-CBC-SHA in schannel
CSRF cookie vs session based tokens
Is a stack trace of a server application a vulnerability?
What tricks can be used to prevent debugging?
What methodologies are useful when reverse-engineering malware / shellcode?
Effectively limiting outgoing firewall traffic to frequently-changing IPs
HTTPS green bar loads then goes away
How strong are google's Application-specific passwords?
Low level attacks on WLAN/LAN connection while connected to VPN
How does ViewState protect against CSRF?
Effectiveness of Security Images
Most secure response for a server to return to a user scanning for exploits
Is a honeypot an IDS or an IPS or something else? Is it an offensive or a defensive technique? Is it still effective?
Why is systrace insecure?
What are the real-time applications of long term digital signature with timestamp
Further potential problems with Windows 8 SmartScreen
Could a consumer-friendly PGP-like file encryption application theoretically be secure?
scanning my site for JavaScript/XSS vulnerabilities
Worst case scenario of having the ability to remotely write files to disk as admin
How does a Web Security Gateway analyse SSL Encrypted Traffic?
Does TCP/IP expose critical infrastructure to added risk?
TPM bootstrap process
Does LastPass' multi-device functionality significantly compromise its security?
IDS/WAF scenario for 2 web servers
What kind of hashing is generally used in log-in modules?
Should password hashes be encrypted or HMACed?
WiFi security from another authorized user (roommate)
How to verify that someone is who they say they are online?
What does HP DriveLock do to your password?
TrueCrypt Plausible Deniability - Linux
Insecure community network connection problems
Icesword rootkit detector, How does it work?
Doesn't an IP conflict occur when ARP spoofing?
Distributed md5 crack software?
Anomaly based web application Firewall
Can Keyloggers get passwords from Windows 7/8 Logon Screen?
Encrypt WiFi connection per connected user
Repost: Wappalyzer selling datasets - possible website security implications?
How secure is NFC on mobile devices?
Securing a Windows Guest Account
Does GateKeeper on OS X 10.8 offer any reasonable protection from exploits?
Hash function change
Keeping the password secret over regular http
Is my router vulnerable if WPS is enabled but WPS pin code is disabled?
If I never want cross origin requests to be accepted, can I just ignore CORS?
What does WEP access point show during aircrack-ng attack?
Why can I read the response to this CSRF attack?
What can a hacker do when he has physical access to a system?
Learning IT Security while being paid
how to detect the origin of a hacker attempting to breach or who has sucesfully breached a network or system
Avast says I don't need to use encrypted connections for my e-mail accounts
How far beyond using Shred should I go when deleting files?
Please tell me two strings which have the same MD5 hash value
Did I miss anything when checking for passwords?
Is windows 7 vulnerable to null session?
Password hashing on a load balancing setup
Tools/methods helping to determine application/protocol serving specific port
What is the danger of Reflected Cross Site Scripting?
making an iPhone/Android app which sends a user password to my server, how to secure?
Is SSL Tamper Detectable?
Server monitoring for security
Two questions regarding Mixor worm
what would be a good way for a doctor to send xrays encrypted to another doctor?
Secure File Encryption/Decryption Capabilities
What is a preferred method of security-conscious creation of login cookies
Can you encrypt a password using that password itself?
Production ready bcrypt implementation for .NET
Is it a weakness to be able to see server side scripting?
What security controls should be in place for online updates of user's correspondance address?
Dealing with excessive "Carding" attempts
How does Remote Access Trojan / Backdoor Software work?
openssl equivalent to des command line
Does setting a firmware password add security if FileVault 2 is enabled?
How do I respond to a published security vulnerability in my application?
How to make a simple file integrity checker
Encryption key token
Malicious php scripts in word press theme folder?
How can attackers bypass firewalls?
Requiring regular password change but storing previous passwords?
securing unpatched websites
Neural networks & anomaly detection
Any safety with private IP addresses?
Is not checking the src url a vulnerability?
Understanding 2048 bit SSL and 256 bit encryption
What kind of wifi network does not have any protection and yet it's not an open network?
What level of anonymity do VPNs provide?
What number of bits does a browser use to generate a key?
How to securely share files with other individuals?
Documentation Platforms for Information Security Team
Is it okay to just secure (using SSL) the login page, but not the rest of the site?
Remove Password Protection from XLS Document
Current best practices to prevent persistent XSS attacks
Help understanding basic user authentication with salts and hashing
Where does the responsibility lie for a XSS vulnerability
How to manage admin rights for helpdesk staff?
How can one defend against DoS attacks at the physical layer?
Is it a risk to highlight text while reading a webpage?
How do I store Diffie-Hellman parameters in a X.509 certificate?
IPSec Domain Isolation with Windows Server
OpenSSL fails NIST AES-128-ECB test vectors?
Is it proper to be informed that I entered an old password
Why do some Java APIs bypass standard SecurityManager checks?
What information will dig leak to an attacker? 
Why would you want to initiate a DoS attack on a system you are testing?
what scanning tools are unlikely to set off network IDS?
What is this hardened computer called?
Hide web.xml file from public view
How to counter or fix banner grabbing vulnerability
Should we block all plaintext authentication and require authentication over an encrypted channel?
Why don't computers check whether there are memory contents in some memory space?
Why is php not used for banking sites or for a banking transaction?
What is the smallest possible Windows shellcode?
Why is it possible to sniff an HTTPS / SSL request?
Securing a JavaScript Single Page App with RESTful backend
Webservices exploitation / axis/services/AdminService?Method=AdminService
What can I do to make sure my computer isn't infected with FinSpy?
Shellcode that is smaller than 295 bytes that spawns a shell
Why is ARP poisoning killing all network activity?
Upgrading to latest software version for security reasons
Reverse Engineering for .rtf files
How should I manage my passwords?
Can you port-scan a LAN, from outside the LAN?
Tracking stolen laptop which has a login password
Why is tunneling so important in pen testing?
Bypassing the BIOS password
Is TrueCrypt safe enough to store clear-text-passwords?
Token-based authentication - Securing the token
SOCKS proxy security concerns
Where does SSL encryption take place?
Best way to report a foreigner attacker's ip to authorities?
Tools to help test the security of Android applications
mitigating anonymous DOS (tor combined with pyloris)
Is SHA1 better than MD5 only because it generates a hash of 160 bits?
POP3/IMAP Stronger Authentication
Cohen's problem
How to set up a user-friendly NAS encryption?
How can an admin choose which Snort rules to enable?
Is there any security benefit to separating an RFID chip from an ID badge?
Safe User Login Questions
Should different web apps running on VDS each have their own user account?
How to harden my Buffalo LinkStation Pro?
Android, how to protect in case of theft
How can SMS spoofing be detected?
How does a new SMS message overwrite a previous one?
Is this login authentication safe?
iPhone full disk encryption and theft protection?
Are there any known botnets targetting smartphones?
XSS inside CSS when " is encoded?
SSL Based Denial of Services due to Message Digest
Can remote LogMeIn Hamachi users access our local LAN?
Unecrypted connection to server - safe?
Does AES-192 provide better encryption than AES-256?
truecrypt second encryption of the master and XTS key with a back door password
Secure Traffic model for Web application Protection
Adding custom data in X.509 certificate
Has any virus attempted to compromise the anti-virus database?
Are Java applets more secure than regular forms for login?
Security concerns about my webapp
Building list of vulnerabilities that should be verified during pentest
Implementing brute force attacks on hash values in Javascript
How does KeePass master key derivation increase security?
Need a little help with Metasploit and Java?
What are some security measurements that can be taken with Windows Phone?
How should API keys be generated?
How do I know if my encryption algorithm is strong enough?
Is PBKDF2 only SHA1 in C#?
optimal way to salt password?
when to use nonce?
Is there a domain specific language for security policies
Is this way of using Authorize.net's CIM PCI compliant?
How can you (anybody) find out the IP address of a single computer inside college
What are the problems with bring-your-own-device related to smartphones?
Password-free logins using your email address only?
Minimum requirements for storing last 4 digits of credit card number?
Is Drupal's filter_xss enough for filtering HTML?
Scrypt + Bcrypt = cascade hashing
SIEM technology is it database friendly?
How realistic and possible is this sort of attack
Is the ftp server insecure, or someone is sniffing our ftp passwords?
Need help with searching a file in mutillidae webserver
How to verify correct, secure and test setuid?
Recomended hash algorithm
How to restrict flash drives in Local Area Network
Will packet sniffing still work if all connections go through a local proxy?
Is OpenVPN secure if both the certificate and private key, are publicly known?
Is MD5 considered insecure?
Prevent Arp Cache Attack
CRIME - How to beat the BEAST successor?
How to view which mac addresses are connected to some AP?
AES Key Generation Strategy/Algorithm For Offline System
Global Blackout is a myth?
How to avoid leaving any local trace that I went to a website?
Should your client SSL Trusted Authority contain only root and intermediate certificates?
How to design SIEM RFP, keeping in view large database requirements?
How do I secure my REST API?
Could browsers improve security of stored passwords by using setuid?
How to refuse delivering emails that are not signed by trusted PGP keys?
Learn IP address of sender of a self-destructing email
Why are CSRF tokens necessary?
Storing password in Java application
How to block all access to Akami deploy servers and Apple push servers?
How should SSL traffic be treated once it has been terminated?
Encryption and compression of Data
What is known about the sirefef/zeroaccess malware/botnet?
Which PCI DSS SAQ applies when you don't store store but transmit CHD?
Are Windows Updates susceptible to tampering, eg. using a MiTM attack.
Where can I get security breach alerts?
MiTM, can a binary file be changed or swapped enroute
How to forward an specific FTP User to a Honeypot?
How does a client authenticate the domain controller
TPM and storage of keys
Can i get 100% protection from virus by using Deep Freeze?
Facebook API : App Secret - possible misuse
HTTPS Sensitive Information and Caching
How helpful is rkhunter?
How to hack linux via Local File Inclusion vulnerability?
Unauthorized activity on port 3389
Protecting against CSRF when a form is being submitted via an AJAX call
How to use postMessage securely
Cloud services - A window to outsourcing illegal activities?
How to check if someone is in my computer
How to practically detect current system net traffic?
Generate cryptographically strong pseudorandom numbers in Javascript?
If PCI DSS isn't a law, how can I be prosecuted for not being compliant?
Picking cipher suites for HTTPS
Open ID, Storing card details, and PCI compliance
Estimating the size of a rainbow table
Is Spoofing a CA signed certificate possible?
Is the mount manpage saying nosuid *is* secure, or is *not*?
Advanced techniques for detecting a proxy/getting original IP
Using remote desktop
Using only password to authenticate user (no "username" field)
Best practice for password-protecting a secret key
Diffie-Hellman key-exchange: securing prime and base
tools automating logins/hashes grabbing
Examples for (Web-)Security-Architectures
Career path: Is going for PMP along with having a rich experience in the InfoSec field a good career move?
Within a CSR, is there a field to have the MS PKI server change the default cert filename
Vulnerable Java applications?
Store user passwords in NoSQL database?
Are SSL encrypted requests vulnerable to Replay Attacks?
How to prevent the following clickjacking attack?
Does anyone know how to "tcpdump" traffic decrypted by Mallory MITM?
Does the following data stream look secure to you?
What risk does commoditized dedicated SHA256 processors pose to IT Operations?
Where to put private files on a shared web server
Can't explain data from side channel attack attempt
Identifying an unknown hash
Giving merchant account information to web programmer
Should I avoid this token-based authentication scheme (that's not OAuth)?
How and when do I use HMAC?
In PGP, why not just encrypt message with recipient's public key? Why the meta-encryption?
Blacklisting vs. whitelisting characters to prevent XSS?
Javascript Malware: How does it work, and how can it be mitigated?
arp spoofing protection on LAN
Is this a good way to store passwords in a Web Application?
How to mitigate the risk of a continuous integration service security breach?
anonymization for scanning and hacking
Should WPA2-AES be presumed insecure? (What is the "Hole196" vulnerability?)
Without SSL, what vantage point does one need to MITM non-SSL'd HTTP?
Password recovery tool over telnet or http basic auth
Does an equivalent for netconf exist in the Cisco ASA world?
Email security and Home Mail Servers
Can we print cardholder data under the PCI DSS Compliance framework and stay compliant?
OAuth2 Cross Site Request Forgery, and state parameter
What's the State of the Art of Homomorphic Encryption?
Extremely suspicious phone call -- what to do?
How can I tell if I've been hacked?
Information disclosure by identifiers
Is there a term for a "Master + extension" style password scheme?
Is Window's system restoration useful for getting rid of malware?
Can I combine two of SHA-3 candidates cryptography hash functions and obtain more secure Algorithm?
Should I disable SSL compression because of CRIME?
Preventing deauthentication attacks
MDK3 warns about WPA2 downgrade - how do I find the key in Wireshark?
OAuth access token vs session key
Suspicious 'upstream' traffic
Is privilege escalation possible when shell is under www user?
How secure is Windows 8's Picture Password login?
Ajax and CSRF protection
Development-led security vs administration-led security in a software product?
Windows Vista user logon integrity
How did DNSChanger rogue name servers work?
Is it possibel to inject php code to roundcube errors log file via LFI vulnerability?
Securing the hardware of my computer against remote exploits
Software that encrypts the data before deleting it
Securing mail deliveries in a multi-tenant office building
Code Signing: Change certificate attributes during renewal?
Is passing sensitive data through the process environment secure?
Hacking a Cisco 2801 Externally
How secure is Intel SSD Encryption?
DPAPI offline attack by cracking windows password?
How should an application store its credentials
How key_derivation and key_verification functions are implemented of a 7-zip archive's encryption mechanism?
CMC (RFC 5272) compatible CA server
Data recovery for pulling out all data, and software to find types of content
Securing Debian Apache PHP server
Creating multiple secure and easy to remember passwords
How can I prevent forwarding a manipulated email?
Why encrypt data in memory?
Memory Dumping - Cause for concern in Virtualization?
How do I prevent data from leaving my network?
How could one avoid virus infection via software updates
Easy way to analyse my netstats for intrusions?
Burpsuite Pro: CSRF tokens in sequencer
What is the purpose of the entropy parameter for DPAPI.Protect?
How to prepare for a career in Pen-Testing
Meaningless http request
From a technical standpoint, how does the zero-day Internet Explorer vulnerability discovered in September 2012 work?
Is it possible to have multiple key lengths in PKI?
Tools to test for BEAST/CRIME that AREN'T Internet-based?
Can I tell which applications embed Internet Explorer at a command prompt?
Zero day vulnerability appropriate corrective action
What benefits are there for security architecture being a separate discipline to enterprise architecture?
sniff SSH password on the server
Can portable programs be exploited to steal information?
How secure is this login page?
How to verify the SSL fingerprint by command line? (wget, curl, ...)
Malware or buggy software gives Low Disk Space warning
A Secure Cookie Protocol
Is HTTP compression safe?
For SSL certs, is some sort of connection to the issuing CA (or other network resource) required for the SSL connection to be established?
What are the career paths in the (illegal) computer security field?
How can I prevent reflected XSS in my JSON web services?
Steganography to hide text within text
Code signing with MD5 on Windows 8
Efficient way for finding XSS vulnerabilities?
Monitoring access logs of Web application
Unknown Service Identification
can an attacker find WPA2 passphrase given WPA key data and WPA MIC
What authentication threat data exists?
Why is Elliptic Curve Cryptography not used much outside of government?
NSA Suite A Cryptography: Security through obscurity?
Using Window Servers 2003 after security updates are discontinued
Proper hash_hmac key creation
SSL handshake failure
HTTPS vs. HTTP - Is there a security reason for HTTPS for a site that only does Facebook login?
Can I check if a work colleague logged into my user account on a shared computer?
How can I avoid putting the database password in a perl script?
When authenticating ciphertexts, what should be HMACed?
Hack scenario when a person has a non-superuser shell
Is there any good (or less bad) way to handle a web portal or website with awful security?
What defines a programming language as useful for hacking?
Vulnerablity counts by platform
PCI Policy Management software?
How can I recognize and find file(s) dropped by malware?
Standards for CA cert revocation and time-constrained cryptographic algorithm parameters
Stack Overflows - Defeating Canaries, ASLR, DEP, NX
Java class type parameter vulnerability
Using a verified certificate to sign others
Resources on security risks of NFC
How to achieve interactive shell attack?
Nmap port scan and FTP bounce
How have DNS recursion attacks happened?
Telnet local privilege escalation exploits possible even when telnet is running under a normal user account?
How to create ssh tunnel using netcat?
Secure Spring FrameworkUser Management
Is OSX or Mac hardware used in the InfoSec world? What resources are available?
Best practices for TrueCrypt + Yubikey combination
What is the effect if a Cisco router is transmitting PDUs to an ISP?
Insecure versions of crypt hashes
Why would it be preferable for a system to shut down when the security log is full?
Detect a server supporting SPDY?
How to defeat ASLR in linux kernel?
How will security need to be changed if we can crack password hashes in quasi-polynomial time?
Why does Microsoft limit password length?
Computational Feasibility of finding 'Good Links' of the following format
Why do some sites prevent users from reusing their old passwords?
Plausible deniability with TrueCrypt
How to test the validity of DNSSEC from a command line interface?
What are the disadvantages of single sign-on authentication?
Can fully homomorphic encryption be practical?
Testing http authentication via netcat
AES CBC over TCP - when is new IV needed
Where is the salt on the OpenSSL AES encryption?
Open source or common implementations for reverse proxy web application security
Is it harmful to allow http requests with very long querystrings in IIS?
Should ettercap make the targets this slow?
How to block the websites on client machines
find password and iv of an encoded string knowing the decoded string
Taking action for exploit attempts
What is the impetus for major sites being HTTPS-exclusive now?
Tampering req.getParameter() Vs req.getAttribute()
bcrypt: random salt vs computed salt
How to prevent pay per show/click abuse?
What expertise is required to create an Windows intrusion report?
Does anyone know about how LinkedIn was compromised?
NGINX / HTTP TRACE
What's the right way to prevent shell bounce back?
Are OpenJDK and non-Windows systems vulnerable to the Sept. 25th 2012 Java vulnerability?
Good reading about windows architecture/reversing
What are the benefits of federated identity management over bare bones public key encryption?
Trusted device web application
How does BeEF work? (working understanding)
How to invalidate a session on browser closure?
What is the difference between authorized_keys and known_hosts file for SSH?
Using mysql root account to execute root commands
Interpreting Snort's stream5 alerts
What is the purpose of using Youtube-style alphanumeric ids as URL slugs?
Is it safe to invoke PHP GD functions if you don't know whether file is a valid image?
Can a Bitlocker To Go user pin be brute forced?
wireshark only showing inbound traffic
Is it dangerous to serve executable cgi files in public folder?
Phishing attack stuck with jsp loginAction.do page?
What risks would exist in transmitting an encrypted PKCS12 via Https
Hosted Email Hacked, SQL injection maybe?
What are the security challenges encountered with attribute exchange?
XKCD #936: under what assumptions is 1000 guesses/second over a network plausible?
Security purpose of asking admin password to mount partition on Linux
Printer Job Auditing
How can I scan open ports without being traced back
Shared Secret, is it a public key or a private key?
HTML 5 postMessage PCI compliant
Vulnerabilities of having one path of app accessible only via HTTPS but others via HTTP?
Ways to monitor someone's internet traffic
Should you care about DoS attacks if your server is using bcrypt?
Can JavaScript defeat source port randomization?
How do AV vendors choose malware names?
SSL decryption in Wireshark
Does anyone know how to use TRIKE?
Changing IP ID generation of a server
How does SSL/TLS work?
Are anti-virus companies companies regularly committing software piracy?
Does using HTTPS, TLS, S/MIME, SSL e.t.c. protect you from Deep Packet Inspection and 'Big Data' analytics?
Detecting reflective DLL injection
PCI-DSS compliance for business with only swipe terminals
How can I determine if a CA Cert can be used for DPI-SSL
Why is Chrome asking for the application-specific password and my account's password every time?
How can cellular phones be eavesdropped on?
IP attack by reading/writing data?
adsl modem with the most security features
Tool for public key cryptography where password is the private key?
Can a webcam be turned on when disabled in Windows' device manager?
In the light of recent information about RarVM, can we still trust RAR files?
Determining the target address in a heap overflow
Is it secure to use bcrypt-generated salt in cookie to serve as token in place of a password?
How to completely prevent bufferoverflows in networking software?
Security in wireless ad hoc sensor network (without physical access)
PHP crypt() trims the salt as it would be too long
Storing License Keys
How is an X509 certificate signer verified?
Is there a method to detect an active man-in-the-middle?
Ettercap (dns_spoof)
How to test for SQL injection query
Advice on selecting programming languages to concentrate on? (2nd year IT security student)
What is disk encryption worth? Threat of proprietary Bios, SMM, optionrom, TPM etc?
User data encryption/decryption in a database (PHP)
How can I identify my phone call is being tracked or tapped?
How did my homepage get changed in IE?
Using SYN cookies to perform a DOS attack
Effective wireless scanning to meet PCI DSS 11.1?
Implementing SRP Challenge login system *with SSL* (Using PHP)
Digital Signature and Verification?
What things should a penetration tester know about databases?
Viewing the configuration.php
Does SQL have any inherant weaknesses?
How are public/private keys used in code?
How can I decode a message that was encrypted with a one-time pad?
How does Cipher Block Chaining relate to AES?
Can a VPN decrypt my SSL traffic?
Why would a virus writer bother to check to see if a machine is infected before infecting it?
x.509 CRLs: next update?
What keys are involved in an X.509 certificate?
Are there flaws in this simple key exchange?
How a malware executes remote payload
Does Username + Password + Pin improve login security?
Encryption app stroring the password
VMWare Fusion Encryption and Snapshotting
is it possible to create a login "key" out of a USB drive?
How do small businesses handle web app security?
How to protect myself against paid DDoS services?
Vulnerability scoring systems
What is the key when facial recognition is used as a password?
DMZ and LAN data exchange - what direction should connections be made?
What are the security implications of phone based keyless entry systems?
How to back up encrypted data over a VPN connection? The encrypted container, the data within or encrypted individual files?
Invalid users trying to log in to my server
Airbase-ng & Metasploit the perfect pair
Using tor with SET to bypass firewall policy?
Is Remotely wiping a cell phone really a valid defense?
Any open source software firewall with country based ip blocking feature?
Is it possible to verify identity of site that sent request to you?
Calculating password entropy?
Nexus 7 (Or any other good android tablets) For pen testing
What about combining pkdf2 with scrypt?
What are the likely effects of increased government spending on "Cyber Weapons" on the software industry?
How do you search for a botnet out in the wild?
Best way to validate /etc/hosts from third party providers to avoid ads?
Program binaries or files with same MD5 hash
Backdoor.ASP.Ace.C keeps showing up and being removed by f-secure
Using Elliptic Curve Cryptography
Precautions to be made while using Internet chat to prevent being hacked?
Added security risks that come with 3-tier software architecture
Odd spam in a forum
Can we just provide VM snapshopts to LEA
What is SHA-3 and why did we change it?
Is a VPN the only way to protect against rogue Wifi access points MITM attacks?
What are the risks of a rogue Access Point?  What lessons can be learned from the Wifi Pineapple?
If DNSSEC is so useful, why is its deployment non-existent for top domains?
Should we start using SHA-3?
Firefox lists '(unknown)' as the owner of google.com. Is my connection insecure?
Average number of exploitable bugs per thousand lines of code?
Victim system's internet connection slow after ARP spoof?
Confused about (password) entropy
Does NAT break source port randomization?
Are tracking cookies illegal?
Port scanning legal or not?
How does Amazon bill me without the CVC / CVV / CVV2?
DVWA vulnerability list or guide?
Secure web user authentication even after server-side database compromise
I just discovered that my sysadmin created a loophole that gives me root access. What should I do?
safe to use jBCrypt and recommend it to my organization?
Digital Forensic test image?
can vps be made as secure as having two dedicated server computers?
Is Aescrypt a valid tool for encryption or not?
Why is penetration testing important
Does a working JTAG diagnostics port on Android phone add unnecessary risk?
Security Assessment vs. Risk Analysis
Encrypt Virtual Machine in the cloud
Can I encrypt the packets that are sent to my router?
Mac app purchase validation
Reusing HMAC state for multiple messages
Is Tor used to perform hostile hacking?
Need help on understanding obfuscated code in CVE-2012-4969 exploit
Why do most hashing functions produce hashes that have characters a-f 0-9?
Preventing dictionary attacks against hashed passwords
Stack smashing keep getting segmentation fault
Shared hosting mail server, Thunderbird and encryption
encryption method against man in the middle attack
How does duqu delete itself?
How to apply a pepper correctly to bcrypt?
How does one properly assess risk?
Defending against rogue access points
How to protect encryption key while application is using it
Dirty and clean interface on DMZ gateways
create a variants of MD5
sql injection: use WHERE statement in address bar
How to disable caching of form data?
What Are The Best Practices (Application Security Policy) For Modifying Rijndael Salt, IV, Pass Phrase
How does a code signing vender charge for creating certificate chains?
Why do so many embedded devices use shared keys?
How to secure data before returning Macbook Air?
Distributed XAdES-X and XAdES-A signatures over multiple documents
How to Insert data into a table with sqlmap using its sql-query command
Manual Testing and Exploitation of an SQL Injection
What is the purpose of a fuzzer?
By default, does a linksys router log connections?
Can an attacker slow down my server without compromising it?
API - How can I make sure data sent by the user is only sent to my application?
Is HTTPS secure enough for important information?
How to get this to buffer overflow?
security issue on storing keys and certificate on token
PCI-DSS Scope with tokenisation
Varient of MD5 and SHA
Silent (no user interaction) utility to clear cached credentials on Windows
Do public keys make Kerberos more secure (RFC4556)?
Oracle Transparent Data Encryption
Can WiFi absorbing wallpaper absorb enough signal to provide a legitimate security benefit?
Can a malware jump from a virtual to the physical machine?
How secure is HTTP / HTTPS over 3G?
Decryption on AES when the same key and IV are used
What type of attacks can be carried on for an web application
If a bank says they do not have my login and password info, is that true?
Privacy issues in Peer to Peer networks
E-mail read receipt through XSS
How is 4G LTE encrypted?
Will this work? Revealing identity (facebook) of person who clicks specially crafted link
WHM server hacked, lost root access
How to exploit HTTP Methods
attack/abuse notification email template
How do I secure patient data cheaply in a small doctor's office?
How does formal verification guarantee secure, error-free code?
SSL VPN placement strategies
Test website for SSL 2.0
What dangers are there in storing my private key on different servers?
How can you judge the physical security of a padlock?
Profiling hackers with keystroke dynamics
Known password length, brute force character in place?
OpenBSD, fbtab and X Window
Manually adding 's' to 'http'
Which .CER file format is more secure for purposes of an AIA record?
Definitive certification list
How to set up a Virtual Machine for a Honeypot?
Sample vulnerable web apps to test Pentesting platforms
BCrypt's 72-character limit and using it as a general digest algorithm
How to set up a network for a honeypot?
I stupidly responded to an email from a hacker posing as a friend
How do you analyze the data collected from honeypot software?
Wi-fi security using WPA or WEP
How would I go about rebuilding the IAT of a packed executable?
What are the technial and programming requirements for writing a stealth keylogger?
How to determine level of security required for this kind of site?
Nmap scan produces all "unknown"
MySQL Database Activity Monitoring Solutions
Why wouldn't the reverse shell connect back using the same port that exploited the server?
How to know if its the same User?
Is there any processor that could decrypt encrypted data and machine instructions?
How information in an access log could be used to identify the true identity of an impostor?
What are the implications of adding a self signed certificate to the Windows Trusted Root Certification Authorities store?
Is a password easier to brute force if it contains a repeating pattern?
Could a computer program be used to automate testing for trapdoors?
A security checklist for choosing an internet hosting service provider for a virtual private server?
ASN.1: ENUMERATED vs INTEGER
How to easily remember lots of different passwords?
Plausible deniability for phones
What key does Linux use when storing user passwords?
Does anyone use XML Encryption?
Need help finding out what type of url encoding is this?
What standards are there for mangaging high value passwords?
How to block some websites in a small office?
Does DPAPI works if a user hasn't a login password?
Base64 encode diffences in BCrypt implemenations
How safe is the ownCloud encryption in a trusted LAN?
Where are located the DPAPI BLOBS and is there any tool to decypher them?
Doing a dictionary attack on RSA if you have the public key?
cracking MD5 with salt using JTR
Please define "Carpet Bombing"
Enterprise IDS - Deployment & Uses
A String that if encrypted or decrypted with the same key gets an English word/statement in both cases
is root@localhost the same as Unix root with GUID = 0 and ID = 0?
Are SSH packets encrypted even before new keys are sent?
Do Client Nonces enhance the security of HTTP Digest Auth?
How does Firefox securely store my SSL certificate?
Verifying Authenticode signed executables and DLLs using OpenSSL API
Where does StartSSL generate the cerificate, server or client-side?
Should I use a Firefox master password or NTFS encrypt my profile?
Proxy Non-HTTPS logins through EC2
Is it good practice to manually lock down ports on each host
Analyzing SSL encryption
Can the root of a system access to unencrypted data when using a double tunnel?
Using an IPS as an alternative to mod_security
Can all the (other) recepients of a PGP encrypted message be identified?
Privacy implications of IDFA/IDFV? (iPhone/iOS)
QR code as certificate of authenticity
Is it a bad idea for a firewall to block ICMP?
How secure are passwords made of whole english sentences
Password length limits in history of operating systems and popular web sites
is it OK to grant permission for IUSR_ to cmd.exe?
How can I use nmap to distinguish between a normal linux machine and an android device?
Why does Amazon ask for the CVC/CVV if it bills without it?
If I storing my own cards in a database. Does this fall under PCI compliance framework?
Can malware on my computer infect my phone?
What becomes of SIEM when a large database like teradata gets involved?
Security of re-encryption with a list of pre-computed password based keys
Reversible password storage obfuscation method for third-party login credentials
My company policy states I must put all passwords in a password safe shared with management. Is this secure?
Password checking in the context of symmetric encryption
Is it safe to store twitter access tokens client side?
Is there any security value of creatively naming folders containing sensitive files?
My bank makes me enter my password using the mouse. What's up with that?
Bank forces me to use six character alphanumeric password
Security Concerns with TCP Forwarding
Whats the probability of a personal computer being hacked?
Block cipher Implementation in C++
Can someone detect the URL an android app uses?
Revoked certificate validation using past times
How to exploit DRUPAL-SA-CORE-2012-003
When and Why does Chrome display malware detection warning?
What is a DoS Attack and how does it differ from a DDoS attack?
How to initiate the learning process of modern day IT Security concepts mainly cryptography?
How to encrypt database connection credentials on a web server?
How insecure is PowerShell Web Access?
Why not RSA-encrypt the entire document?
What are methods for preventing browser hooking / drive-by downloads?
Is a forced rewrite from http to https secure? What does SSLRequireSSL add?
Running Apache as system service on Windows 2003 R2 64-bit
Password authentication using DynamoDB
Sharing of Wireless Security and Encryption Settings
How attacker can access victim's account without knowing its credentials?
Keyloggers and Performance Benchmarks
How much added security do I really get with a longer key size?
Safety of opening .txt files via URL
My credit union is reducing its maximum password length to 10 characters
Is truecrypt a good choice to work with file that are generated and manipulated via browser
Why are simple packet filter firewalls insufficient for the protection of web applications?
How far should I go in creating anonymity?
Seeding GPG keygen with a hashed secret
Why does the OpenSSH client on Mac OS X silently launch an ssh-agent for the user?
What is the state of the Windows Update certificate after Flame?
Why refresh CSRF token per form request?
How long would it take a single Processor with the AES-NI Instruction Set to bruteforce an AES Key?
How does CAPTCHA mitigate DDoS attacks?
Award BIOS Security
Mitigate risk of security questions
What risks does WPA carry?
Why is Message Labs sending mail in plaintext?
Decoy User Account on Windows
Are open redirects a security concern?
How does the Copyright Alert System work? Who has implemented it?
CSRF over post request without redirection?
Why do we lock our computers?
How do I find all domains hosted on a single host?
Is ProxyPass more secure than directly hosting PHP site?
What is the potential impact of these SSL certificate validation vulnerabilities?
Experience with a recent DDoS attack on Apache
If I find or create a 0day exploit, can I be held liable for releasing out to the public?
172.16.33.197, 127.0.0.1 IP addresses in visitor logs
SHA1 hash encoded with base64 results not consistent?
amd64 safer than 686-pae?
Activesync: If I disable or rename the AD account does that mean the phone won't be wiped?
How "leaking pointers" to bypass DEP/ASLR works
Strong authentication over insecure links
Client side password hashing
"Hello World" example of a Buffer Overflow attack in many programming languages
Payment security on Android App
What's the impact of disclosing the front-face of a credit or debit card?
Can Diffie-Hellman Anonymous be used as a cipher for SSL for one-way certifiate-based authentication
Google Mail alert message. Hacker from China
Vuln Web App which includes LDAP Injection?
What are the Netscape Cert Type attributes? Why/when are they needed?
Are any and all software vendors who have stored credit card information in their databases subject to PCI-DSS or only some?
Do I always have to overwrite EIP to get to write on the stack in a buffer overflow?
Why is this certificate valid for so many domains?
What are the security or privacy issues with allowing users to forward email from our Google Apps account to their personal Gmail?
How to fight browser fingerprinting?
rsa encrypted hash == rsa signature
A safe license System
Studies on Android users' attitude to security
How to list missing security updates for Windows servers?
Are there really functioning quantum computers?
Good steps to survive from denial-of-service attack (DoS attack)
Which attributes of a X509v3 certificate are never really used?
Why firefox shows some connections are not secure?
Stack canaries protection and ROP
Nessus Scan Port ID mapped to Metasploit Vulnerability exploits
Security issues in a Dotnet Web application
Password Security: Encrypting salt
MD5 collision attacks: are they relevant in password hashing?
How do I construct a rainbow table to crack a 6 character password?
How to suspend a user from my website and prevent them from creating a second account?
Secure FTP access; best practices
Modifiy Webbrowser User Agent to what?
Is it okay to widely share the RSA key fingerprint for a host?
Best way to securely set a session cookie on another domain
using network switches to prevent malicious promiscuous mode usage
Why is a link posted to Facebook going through all redirects and showing info for final page only?
Credit card fraud prevention
Where can I find information on existing viruses?
Why not use a private CA?
Does filtering HTML syntax prevent a web shell from being dropped through a textbox?
Could this solve SQL injection and XSS vulnerabilities?
Help understanding PCI-DSS when using password based encryption from automatically generated keys
In the recent DKIM vulnerability, how did someone determine key length by looking at headers?
auditing mod security rule sets
Is DKIM needed for emails encrypted with OpenPGP?
Why not buy cheap SSL certificates?
Application security training for developers
Parabolic Denial Of Service -- Would it work?
How to validate if a JavaScript library is secure?
Security concerns with pre-pay system
Pentesting file Upload feature
Is a predictable MAC address a risk?
Access control matrix and integrity
Allow a PA to see a director's emails, but keep some emails private
False negative in biometrics
User-specific Subdomains : JavaScript security
Vulnerability scanning applicability for PCI DSS
How does ssh public key authentication work?
How to verify the signature in an iOS Passbook pass?
I don't see how "-salt" in the openssl command line tool enhances security at all
How can alleged illegal downloading be detected?
Practical ways to protect against Cyber Pearl Harbor?
How are tor hidden nodes/services found?
Password entropy match for alphanumeric but there are special characters in password
Is it possible to find out the oauth 2.0 client id and secret when an app is communicating with a web service?
Repudiation in Copyright Infringement (BitTorrent)
Is piping a `ssh-agent` signed message as a password secure?
What is the HTTP "Server" response-header field used for?
Is OpenPGP encryption a valid replacement for SSL when passing messages?
Is Maltego the best forensic/intelligence solution out there?
Identifying, analyzing, and predicting weak session cookies
How to detect if files were saved or copied to a USB drive?
Storing OAuth and other authentication tokens
Preventing spoofing of remote server with PHP & cURL
Are there special attack vectors for statistical databases?
Web app penetration testing
In WPA2-Enterprise, where does AES come in?
SafeSEH and x64
How to exploit a local file inclusion vulnerability in a Solaris server
Keyboard sniffing through audio recorded typing patterns
Is the `ssh-agent`'s DSA signature deterministic?
CSRF Protection on static pages
Is autocomplete=“off” compatible with all modern browsers?
Unmasking passwords during sign up, is it a good idea?
Example of a backdoor submitted to an open source project?
filtering content in Content disposition header
How does pfsense block torrent traffic?
Parsing a PKCS7 detached signature hash
Can my WIFI Home router be brought down to cause me to connect to a fake AP?
Should I be concerned when a "Forgot Password?" tool sends my password in plaintext?
How does syskey in Windows increase the security in a domain?
What are some ways to steal a password/PIN using this system?
CSRF protection with custom headers (and without validating token)
Certificate security in intranet environment?
Limited JavaScript app scenario: Attack vectors and mitigation
SSH key-type, rsa, dsa, ecdsa, are there easy answers for which to choose when?
Which factors should I consider for devices that accept handwritten digital signatures?
Conceptual design of vulnerability scanning program in global retail network (PCI DSS)
What is the best way to manage package signing keys?
How can I encrypt a file with .NET and have the same file size of the original file?
Iframe javascript Keylogger
An adequate message authentication code for REST
How to bypass tcpwrapped with nmap scan
How to login and encrypt data with the same password/key
Application communication monitoring
BLP Lattice structure with missing top and bottom levels
Are multiple network interface still recommended in a virtualized world?
Android Apps accessing DNS settings?
How to show xss alert box when you are inside function in <script> tag?
Is ASP.NET Event Validation completely secure?
Is there a need for SSL on a local site?
Security risks with JSONP?
Determine encoding/hashing methods used based on knowing the input and output only?
Is it safe to use virtual machines when examining malware?
Testing Web Application Firewall Configuration (ModSecurity)
Are there security or privacy concerns in using YaCy as a substitute for Google or Duckduckgo?
Is it necessary to scan users' file uploads by antivirus?
Whats the best IT Security Web Forum?
Where can I find documented details of virus so that I might be able to find out why I am infected?
Local Network Data Sync and Access Log
Credentials using AWS IAM
Use HTTP POST for Google Search queries
How to escape user input in a value of javascript object?
Compatibility between OpenSSL 0.9.8r and OpenSSL FIPS Object Module v1.2?
Practices for storing username/password in Web applications
Is there such thing as a smart phone with auto-forget password feature?
Different Security Issues Depending on OS?
Is there a better way to take advantage of current 'approved', 'proven', and memory/cpu-expensive algorithms while using salts and peppers?
Accurately mapping networks for purposes of pentesting
Activity's history to suspect an intrusion
Cufon or Prototype as an attack vector for Blackhole exploit kit?
How to block or detect user setting up their own personal wifi AP in our LAN?
VMware Workstation 9 Security Best Practice Guides
Drupal filters XSS with regexes. What could bypass it?
What are the security implications of allowing unlimited size cookies?
Digest authentication - client side
authorization vs federation vs entitlement
What user information does Wikipedia retain when a page is viewed?
How to distribute public keys in the network without losing its credibility?
Possible to prevent Juice Jacking by only connecting USB pins 1 & 4?
IPSec VPNs and symmetric keys
Infection I can't shut down, disguises process as scvhost.exe
Authenticating a Proxy server over HTTPS
Security analysis tools for iOS 6
When using symmetric key encryption, do we need to sign?
Should Stack Exchange be more obscure in its systems' structure?
Which ports are potential security risks for nmap?
Finding pre-image of MD5 hash
How do you log in from an unsecured computer?
Bypassing Trusted Computing
Attacks surrounding /etc/hosts/
Potential consequences of using "Everyone" to manage permissions?
Replaying SSL traffic in an active connection
How to correctly secure a ssh session against MITM attack?
DDoS on LAN: How to Defend?
sigsegv in php5.3.10
Strength of WEP, WPA and WPA 2 PSK
How to check if a port can be accessed from the outside
anti virus acting up/DNS poisoning
What is HiASLR?
What would be the scenario if P = NP for RSA algorithm?
Should we force user to HTTPS on website?
What alternatives are there to the existing Certificate Authority system for SSL?
Can I encrypt a file incrementally?
Possible implementations of networked+encrypted filesystem
Which security risks are associated with alternative DNS providers?
Determing and deciphering an encrypted drive (knowing the password)
File upload vulnerability: rename solution?
How should permissions be stored?
What software can I used to edit and replay packets?
How will microvirtualisation change the security field, if at all?
Are stack & heap overflow exploits no longer effective?
How can a web application protect users when the browser doesn't support HSTS?
Attacking an office printer?
Online security check via command line
Does requiring users to fill out a PDF w/ CC information and mail it back violate PCI compliance?
Seeking lightweight encryption - shareable between Delphi & C
Is my email client violating my privacy?
Encryption in an embeddded system
Key Exchange using PKI
Spoofing USSD messages
Passwords In Securing Network Devices
Malicious PHP code can run in cache. Solution?
What type of attacks can be used vs MongoDB?
Exposure risk of knowing only social security number?
Can a whitespace regex character be used to perform a javascript injection?
Getting automatically logged in to others session via Wi-Fi
UPS my choice -- How can I access my public records?
What metrics are available on malware?
Why are triggers not often used to secure a database?
How can vending machines be hacked? And how can I prevent it?
"Don't serve content over HTTP" - what does this mean, exactly?
Login form authentication logic
Are there any benifits to backing up when you have all the original installation disks?
Is dual control password is a feasible way to secure against unauthorized login?
User authentication + database encryption with same password
Does a 'reset password' website facility give away too much information?
Will antivirus detect all keyloggers?
Tools for analyzing Perl 5 code?
Can you extract memory contents from a hibernated Windows machine?
Is JavaScript self-injection dangerous?
Android and AES side channel attacks
SPF and Articles from News Sites
Is there a website or free downloadable program to identify and remove malware from an ISO file?
Cloud application Vulnerability assessment
Apache2 SSLCipherSuite - why use anything other than high?
If I host a web form which submits CC details to a provider, are there PCI implications form host?
SRP: Can the client authenticate using only the stored hash?
Secure login across two web apps
Secure Wireless Implementations
When I open my gmail account,this shows,does this mean my account is hacked?
Advice on what to do after being hacked?
CVE-2012-4448 pci-scan
Is HSTS (Strict-Transport-Security header) for HTTP or HTTPS?
Replacing weak SSH fingerprint algorithms
Anomaly Intrusion Detection relevant features
iPad as a secure access terminal
Can someone figure out the encryption method?
How to get private key from certificate and base 64 encoded key?
Is this a web attack I should be concerned about - trying to enter code for form vars
Where to download revoked certificates from?
Is it safe to use a weak password as long as I have two-factor authentication?
TrueCrypt, Master password possible?
why a client authentication is not commonly performed in the TLS protocol?
How can Facebook 2FA mechanism be hacked?
Consequences of using -s and -d arguments in iptables
distribution mechanisms for CRLs
How does HSBC's "Secure Key" actually work?
How to distribute client certificates without exposing private key?
How can I identify open DNS resolvers in my network?
CSRF protection for AJAX when using multiple browser tabs
Keeping user session alive - security considerations
Why aren't anomaly-based intrusion detection schemes implemented in Snort?
uninstall and reinstall after hacking
Swatch installation's issue to detect intrusion
Kerberos ticket lifetime
What I need checking when analysing an invasion?
Creating Secure PHP Sessions
POP3S vs POP3 with STARTTLS
AES using derived keys / IVs. Does it introduce a weakness?
Is a simple, but very long password a good password?
Consequences of grey hat hacking
Finding Ip from an ether adress
Attack vectors opened simultaneous wireless and wired networks
GPS tracking device
How to create trusted chain of certificates if I have the last certificate?
How to restrict skype file transfer outside of LAN
Using PDF instead of doc(x) or html: safer?
Can https be used instead of sftp for secure file transfers?
Monitoring for security threats
Secure cookies and Path Length Constraint
Sniff GSM packets Wireshark
Spammers bypassing the reCaptcha
How to write Snort rules based on MAC address?
Determining how my Wordpress website was compromised
Webmail host knows my password
How to restrict SSH access outside of LAN?
Use truecrypt to make data unrecoverable
Is a 3 or 4 digit CVV enough for online transactions?
Worst-case scenario for ShellExecute(0,"open",arbitrary_string)
In depth security: splitting key in different places
Key stretching a hash
applications of linear algebra to "security"?
What reputable site should I download Putty from?
Can i apply the 270Mbps mode on my Netgear CBVG834G or increase frequency range?
What is a Shrink Wrap code attack?
Validate hmac with hashed stored key
What are the supposed security benefits of a "dead-drop" email strategy?
Why is it necessary to validate data in a servlet obtained by calling HttpSession.getAttribute()?
FOUO on hosted sharepoint
AIA/CRL locations for Offline Root
Good Practices to secure a Gaming Web Server, Memcached Server & MySQL Server
Is it legal to store/send user's device's IMEI/MEID?
What XSS attacks doesn't "Reflective XSS Protection" defeat?
When distributing a CRL over HTTP, what is the optimal refresh time? What logic affects this decision?
What's the best way to enumerate log/sign in attempts?
How to store OTP seed securely at the validating server
Security announcement mailing list for Java
Which key usages are required by each key exchange method?
Petraeus scandal - what would have been a better way to communicate electronically
Encryption key storage
solaris equivalent of /proc/self/environ LFI
Protect database resources from fake data inputs via web forms
Wipe free space with zeros, how secure?
Most efficient key algorithm for a TLS server key?
HTTP over GPRS - is it secure?
Creating a DDoS attack using DirectConnect
How do you verify a certificate belongs to a domain?
How does an IDS system use PCAP to process malicious signatures?
How should you store a password that needs to be retrieved as plaintext?
Create a page to experiment with SQL injection
How are root CAs for SSL distributed?
What Type Of Encoding Is This?
Stopping Session Hijacking
Are there any test cases to ensure the "web-attacks.rules" snort file works correctly?
Why unsupervised anomaly-based intrustion detection training data should be normal or less noisy
Comparison between Data Encryption Tools and Data Sanitization Tools
Preventing insecure webapp on subdomain compromise security of main webapp
How to block user from using GoToMyPC or Teamviewer
Is Google's Hangout using encrypted communication?
How dangerous is it to use CSS styles from an untrusted source?
where to get the latest trends about penetration testing systems?
OWASP Top 10 style security guide for implementation in hardware devices
Identifying device based on the MAC address
Insider threats for Private Clouds
Starting a secure php session
what is the difference between boot-sector virus and rootkits?
How can a certificate be valid in the Hybrid Model but not in the Chain Model?
What sort of security method is this called (if it has a name)?
Credit Card Error. What doe "Bad Track 2" mean?
How do you explain the necessity of "nuke it from orbit" to management and users?
Is it possible to spoof the last proxy of an X-Forwarded-For Header?
How is the available entropy in /dev/random calculated (or estimated)?
I found a malicious website embedded in Malware spam. What should I do?
Does any tablet support remote attestation?
Should I give developers admin rights or leave as power users?
How much chance does an attacker have in this situation?
How does duqu implement its dll files in PNF file format?
Is it possible to prevent user from dumping hashes?
Offline brute-forcing of a bank card PIN
Best way to secure file removals in Windows remotely
How to figure out which open ports or services are insecure?
Are password reset links that don't expire a security risk?
HQL injection example
Is snail mail or HTTPS webmail safer for sensitive information?
What are the security concerns with turning off Extended protection for authentication in IIS7 on ADFS?
What's the secure way to change UNIX permissions on a harcoded file often?
Reset password - should I prevent abusing it?
Throttling failed login attempts: exponential timeout? by IP? using a session cookie? captcha?
Why do we ask for a user's existing password when changing their password?
Is there a table that compares hashing algorithms by speed, relatively (machine independent)
anomaly detection: feature calculation problem
Why block outgoing network traffic with a firewall?
Network anomaly detection or anomaly-based intrusion detection?
Microsoft password strength checker
iOS app - hash user password in-app or on-server?
smart AND secure cloud document archive
Securing anonymous accessible URL with a GUID segment?
Virus won't be picked up by Antivirus tools
Is Visa PayWave secure?
Opinons: To report or not to report? CFAA vs the White Hat
What is a good way to demonstrate the insecurity of common bad practices?
HTTPS or HTTPS within VPN for WIFI security?
Why must VMX instructions trap?
Why most of the Websites supports only Paypal for online transaction?
Issuing SSL certificates for device automation software package without domain names
Public key Infrastructure
referrer checking as a defence for XSS attack
can a backdoor executable be used on an occupied port?
Updated version of Browser Security Handbook
Dealing with untrusted administrators in a Windows domain
Securing a laptop against attacks (article)
Principle of asymmetric algorithm in plain english
TCP Peer unexpectedly shrunk window messages in dmesg log
Deny domain admins from steal User files on PCs
How is certificate forgery with cheap CA's prevented?
Pre boot authentication for Android phones
To what extent is FREE 3rd party antivirus software better than Windows 8 defender (if any)?
Detecting end-state of decryption process with unknown key
How secure is aSSL (javascript)? Does it effectively mimic SSL?
What is the opaque field in HTTP Digest Access Authentication used for?
What are the main weaknesses of mobile software based OTP generators?
XER encoded X.509 certs
What security risks are involved with sending data over the internal network on Rackspace Cloud servers?
What is the most hardened set of options for GCC compiling C/C++?
Does "late launch"/"dynamic chain of trust" allow remote attestation?
How valuable is secrecy of an algorithm?
Trusted Timestamping Scope and Real-World Uses
If a port is closed how come you can still use it?
Implementing a commitment scheme in java
Android Application penetration testing
When can closing port 80 be a problem?
sanesecurity - clamav - getting a false positive - should I bother?
provable security and sandboxes
Stack Overflow on ARM : Null Bytes Issue
Is it possible to regenerate my private key (SSL)?
Is Google spying on all of us?
Clarification on how rainbow tables work
WinZip encrypted file vs password protected file
How to prepare for hacking competitions
Should I change password after servicing a tablet?
Increased security with keepass
DoS anomaly-based detection: simplest approach beside simple threshold
TOR and sniffing data
White-Box Cryptography Questions and References
How serious is a local virus in terms of network security
Are honeypots successful in preventing attacks?
How to detect eavesdropping by your ISP
Are there any hardware HSMs that can host/run custom applications using the HSM processor(s) within the hardened security boundary?
Should I use SSL/TLS renegotiation?
Windows Firewall - how to block inbound for all .exe files in a folder
ssltest: Chain issues - Contains anchor
Better way to import Win32 APIs from injected shellcode
Is OpenLDAP version 2.4.24 at risk and what site should I check for known vulnerabilities with the used version?
How can I send emails anonymously?
API Design Model - Client Side Encryption
Do I need to keep the NTLM token in the HTTP Authorization header a secret?
Client Certificate in SSL HandShake insecure?
Safe to make a VPN connection over coffee shop WIFI?
cookie issue with same domain same path but different port
How to safely synchronize time over Internet?
Display all packets but not these TCP packets?
Can we use a public key scheme for performing cryptographic commitment
How do I configure Terminal Server (and clients) for use over untrusted Wifi networks?
Discover what workstations a user us connected to in a Windows AD Environment?
Another method to erase hard drives securely?
Fake email sent through newsletter service: how to know who sent them?
what is the role of RADiUS server and Active Directory to increase the security in wireless networks?
Any good products that could crypt the files stored in laptops?
PGP: How is it possible for me to read a sent mail, encrypted by me with the recipient's public key?
Does GOOD Dynamics Proxy comply with EU data legislation?
VP of IT claims he unhashed 100% of all 16k employees' PWs. Is he lying to us?
Improve SSH logs
How to tell what viruses are covered by your anti-virus software
Two-Factor Authentication: When is it worth it?
Is there guidance that says all sessions to be logged off when a user changes their password?
Does AV software protect web applications (Twitter, Facebook, etc) from attacks? (CSRF, etc)
I need explanation on how serious these vulnerabilities are?
How safe is WSIT username authentication with symmetric key?
Does shuffling a hashed password increase its security?
why Windows Firewall in XP cannot block outbound connections
What approaches are to detect DoS attack in IDS/Firewall?
Is hacking back a valid security technique for companies?
System time and certificates
How can I limit the consequences of a possible future identity theft?
Best practice to block Dropbox usage
How can one decrypt a SSL/TLS session? Besides the private key what else is needed?
If most companies do not enable TLS for SMTP and IMAP, should we consider email not secure at all?
How to safely "remember" login information in a program
RADIUS proxy chains
Is my session-less authentication system secure?
How does virtualisation (IaaS) protect from CPU microcode updates and firmware changes?
Forefront Identity Management Server Hardening
Can 2FA help handle mixed personal and business accounts after leaving a company?
As a beginner in IT Security, should I learn TCP/IP?
Reg HTTPS man in the middle
Why is change cipher spec an independent protocol content type and not part of Handshake Messages?
Best practice to manage user's java/browsers/flash player/adobe reader auto-update
Seeing outboud connections to random domains, how do I isolate the app responsible?
Are there any functional differences in the implementations of OpenSSL, GnuTLS, Java's TLS, and .NET's TLS?
Using format string to control the flow of a process?
Design of Initialisation Vector
SSH Log: "Accepted password for user..."
How effectively can ISPs detect illegal file sharing?
Where is the PE loader in Windows?
Does a TMSI change often enough to prevent tracking?
signatureAlgorithm vs. tbsCertificate -> signature
How to detect/list rogue computers connected to a WIFI network without access to the Wifi Router interface?
Security of email
Impact of Mathew Garrett's Secure GRUB Bootloader on UEFI Secure Boot
Code, Data and Passwd encrypted? sqlplus $USER/$PASSWORD@$ORACLE_REMOTE_SID
Malware via power outlet
Detecting and filtering data over AC power lines?
Configure SSL to prefer RC4 ciphers over block-based ciphers - BEAST
How do I prevent my Rails application from attack?
Checklist for securing MacOSX
Sourcing hardware that is least likely to contain backdoors
windows firewall disabled with Norton Internet security or Norton Smart Firewall?
Do 64-bit applications have any security merits over 32-bit applications?
What is the first step in auditing the security efficiency of a simple website?
Updated list of bad/overused passwords
Auditing EXEs to ensure buffer overflow protections are in place? (such as SEHOP, ASLR, and DEP)
Dealing with a (possible) virus on both MacOSX and iOS
How effective is Windows Task Manager at identifying keyloggers?
What is the most common default security setting on most consumer and small business Wi-Fi routers?
Choosing a session ID algorithm for a client-server relationship
Keyless entry security systems and HIPAA implications
Securely publishing GPG keys
I found what, I believe, is a backdoor in my home router, what should I do?
Can a router detect transitive/cascaded telnet sessions?
What security factors should I take into consideration when selecting a bank?
How can I prevent users from using bad passwords in my web application?
wireless security concern
Can TLS Compression be enabled on 3rd party CDN sites that have no authentication?
How do certification authorities store their private root keys?
Is it possible to make an xss with only html tags
HOWTO : Email encryption in a browser
Managing a large amount of MBSA Results?
How should I select an antimalware solution?
Two step encryption
access to email addresses
Is Dual Factor possible during boot with whole disk encryption on Mac FileVault 2
Possible to execute a non-persistent XSS attack without using the url/query string?
Weird IP addresses showing up on my server
How to Protect the Password Stored in a Configuration File?
Would publishing a network diagram make the network less secure?
3 or 4 characters long username from security point of view
How does automated query compromise other Google users?
Does Kismac 0.3.3 (0.3.3) work on Mac OSX 10.8.2
Self sign SSL certificate for my mobile app?
Storing account credentials for spouse/loved one?
How does Tor protect against fake entry nodes / total redirection?
GPG encryption date or GPG version recoverable?
Is it actually feasible or useful to use a high number of proxy servers?
Setting up a remote test environment correctly
A computing environment that saves no data
Why is it so hard to close onion domains (e.g. The Silkroad)?
Eavesdropping in VoIP. Any other software besides Ethereal?
Encoding HTML email content
Any way to use Java (sun micro) without any concern of infection
Does having a passphrase and SSH key qualify as two factor authentication for PCI?
Given a large enough sampling of public keys could one begin to identify a private key?
What to do about companies that refuse to fix their security vulnerabilities
How can I detect if someone is sniffing network packets on the LAN?
Is behavioural analysis (e.g. keystroke dynamics) a reliable security mechanism for MFA?
ESET warns: Skype attempting to communicate with unknown remote computer
Connection on port 3387 Event viewer says "authorized"
Are there any free static analysis tools for C# / .NET code
Secure Encrypted Chat Protocol
Vulnerability Tracking Site
Antivirus Engine based MD5 or SHA1 hash?
Public web server and AD- based Kerberos authentication
How do I run an effective IT-Sec Team Meeting?
Is using Gmail's browser-based client, more secure than using IMAP?
RSA and encrypted authentication
SQL - using String concatenation, how can I exploit this procedure?
Risks of running Honeypot [specific setup]
Windows Firewall accepts a three-second unicast response from any source
Possible ways to track down anonymous mail senders?
Encrypt a file, based on access
Cookies "Secure" Flag
PCI Compliance Problem
Protect linux kiosk display
Ordering of shared Phase 1/ISAKMP VPN policies
Public key in SSL protocol
Need an explanation of Cross-Site Flashing?
Server Certificates, certificate authority, and servers
Are SIP REGISTER transactions w/ HTTP Digest subject to replay attacks?
A bit confused about PCI compliance
Will RSA parameters be sent in a Server Key Exchange Message in TLS 1.1?
How prevent Javascript from obtaining my location
How did the Tumblr worm spread?
How can an outsider tap into communications between two physical sites?
Is WordPress a security vulnerability inside a corporate intranet?
Encrypting data for Android mobile app
Is it preferable to perform encryption using database functions or code?
What are some risks of purchasing a "used" domain name
Where can I find worm traffic sample?
ECDH is better than plain RSA?
IIS 6.0 - mitigating BEAST
NX bit causes segfault on NOP slide?
Configuring IIS SSL for PCI
How to Transfer packets from one ethernet card to another
What are some steps to take for securing a Linux server that aren't in this list of obvious ones?
Same-origin policy for file: URLs in Android browser?
"WICKED" entries in the default nginx vhost's logs
What are the best Nmap Scripting Engine (NSE) service discovery scripts?
How do the authorities know who's downloading protected software?
how to trace the IP address of gmail account sender via browser
Scan multicast IP range on specific port using nmap
My website keeps getting infected
Unidentified public network sending traffic through my computer
What information is leaked from an OpenPGP encrypted file?
How can I encrypt a file using gpg without including the recipient's key ID?
how to stop write downs
Router admin password was changed, how did this happen and how to prevent
How to increase Windows PowerShell WebAccess security?
PCI prohibit direct outbound connections on EC2
Possible to redact information in the clipboard, or to auto-redact when it hits a webpage?
What should I do if I type my password in the address bar, or type password in google search?
Secure file sharing, instead of attaching files to emails?
How to know which database is behind a web application?
How are CVE identifiers assigned and managed?
are there any services to test nmap
Vulnerabilities of Secure Shells
WPA2 Enterprise AES encryption key size?
Rainbow table concept for Prime numbers
Can I used Google Authenticator with Radius and VMwareview
Key management scheme in PHP that is compliant with NIST SP 800-57
openssl, create RC4-SHA certificate
Shellcode Segfault mid execution?
Impact of Quantum Computers, other than new algorithms
Banking application login leaks information
Some issues with iptables and nmap
How to forbid one directory only in TOMOYO (2.5)?
Trust linux images burned from untrusted systems
Can I protect against keylogging by using the mouse?
Windows 7 EFS - connot decrypt
How do I prevent this type of SQL injection attack?
Firewall philosophy
Access Control and Authentication using Facebook access tokens in a webapp
Is there something like the OWASP top 10 for BizTalk applications?
I think my server is under attack, what can I do to stop it?
Password Salts and Randomness
Safely remove an expired PGP key file
Can I safely trust my Anti-virus protection?
ZX Spectrum tape loader: how was copy prevention implemented?
Gold Standard for password hashing
Potential services.exe infected file?
Teaching a loved one about secure coding practices
Safari downloaded my php source once. Should I worry?
Is there an asymmetric encryption algorithm that maintains the length of the plaintext?
Disclosure in potential loss-of-life situations, with an uncooperative vendor
Is it possible to decrypt symmetric key encryption without the key?
Are there guidelines for application design of HIPAA compliant browser applications?
What is the difference between Simple Power Analysis and Differential Power Analysis?
Does including decorative HTTP headers into server reply pose extra security risk?
Brute-force an SSH-login that has only a 4-letter password
Why don't people hash and salt usernames before storing them
Why not use larger cipher keys?
Authentication without saving password
How secure are passwords that are set via IRC's /nicksrv?
openssl blowfish key limited to 256 bits?
What hardware technology (GPU, FPGA) is fastest at generating RSA keys?
Is it possible to block third party cookies but allow them when they are first party?
Single vs multiple personas? What are the security implications?
Auditing Existing Socket Connection
Is there a site like plaintextoffenders.com that shames companies that force insecure passwords?
How should I audit and monitor shared TCP ports in Windows?
BEAST: IIS6: Failing PCI scan - are these ciphers OK?
What issues arise from sharing a SSL certificate's private key?
Proxying a Credit Card Transaction?
Physical Security for USB Keys and Systems-on-a-Stick
Resource consumption attacks against algorithms
Precedent for an in-house cardholder information server?
Is there value in storing passwords in their own table with encrypted or hashed keys?
Using sudo to secure git deployment via web script
Signing CertificateRequest with special privileges
Password Manager - id_rsa as key file
Key Management for PCI and Payment automation
Lamp server sandbox for testing malicious php script
Have any viruses leveraging the GPU been discovered in the wild? What is the mitigation?
Where can a virus or other malware "hide" on common PC and Mac hardware?
What did the certificate authority do with my CSR?
How this kind of mechanism considered as vulnerability?
Is it possible to attack system through torrent usage?
Do any DNS registrars support multi factor authentication?
What is the fail2ban default setting for SSH login attempts?
How to protect server uploads
Manually monitoring your PC for Java (Oracle) exploits?
Are malicious scripts in batch files detected by antiviruses?
KDC(Key Distribution Center) vs Asymmetric Key Exchange
spkac: what is the purpose of the challenge string?
How to authenticate a salted password?
how does OpenSSL create X.509 certs from SPKACs?
What physical, electronic, and software characteristics are important in a smart card?
what is the difference between virus, worm, trojan and other malware
How do I prevent my twin sister's "pulled from public record" information from being used when I try to answer security questions?
Security tradeoffs of pathname-based MAC (e.g., TOMOYO, grsecurity, AppArmor, ...)
Are man-in-the-middle attacks against p2p systems realistic?
Password protection of encryption and signature keys
Prevent URL manipulations including /proc and /etc with fail2ban
What technologies are recommended for E-banking?
PCI compliance can prevent fines?
help understanding client certificate verification
Designing DMZ(s)
How to subscribe to information about new vulnerabilities in selected products?
How to spoof an ATM transaction?
length of ciphers versus length of key
How valid is this statement "SSL sit between application layer and network layer"
What responsibility do I have in continuing another developer's work?
Is there any way to differentiate between a normal web request and a web service request?
Access via http to other protocols and ports!
DNS cache poisoning
Does a renewed certificate open old messages?
Is my developer's home-brew password security right or wrong, and why?
Is it possible to boot into root's /bin/bash on a LUKS encrypted device?
Is this a reasonable approach to "generating" passwords?
PCI-DSS - one application per server?
Reversible, recoverable user data encryption scheme
Sending data form registration forms
Changing user account passwords from PHP script - vulnerabilities?
Steganalysis of outgoing traffic
Which SSH security is stronger? 2 Factor or Public key
Security of Openflow/SDN network
Mandatory Access Control Rulesets, how to deal with Python, Bash and other interpreters?
Crack plain RSA given p, q and e
Nessus does not detect sql injection with "Web App Tests"
Secure query string parameters
At what point is password complexity "safe enough"
Capturing and decrypting my own SSL traffic
How can I use certificates to secure my webservices? What is available to javascript?
How to know what's the type of an attack and from whom is sent?
OpenSSH default/preferred ciphers, hash, etc for SSH2
Bruteforce vs Denial of Service
Is there a tree hash form of MAC that can be used when encrypting data for storage on S3 using multipart upload?
Will reporting phishing emails cause problems for the victim?
How can I explain SQL injection without technical jargon?
Is a One Time Password Scheme based on Diceware viable and secure?
Security in the breaking cloud? Storage Wars?
Are mail-servers removed from security concerns in contrast with cloud storage?
Are we concentrating too much on password complexity?
If two endpoints establish a mutual authenticated connection (TLSv1.0) is the medium between the endpoints a concern?
Honeyd: log grows too fast
Is the use of JavaScript for cryptography ever appropriate in the browser?
How should an outgoing connection white-list be created?
How can I explain the concept of public and private keys without technical jargon?
Can webpages recognize that I saved my password?
Does any database let you disable non-parameterized queries and therefore disable SQL injection?
Preventing user supplied javascript from posting to external server
How secure is opening an incoming port for a java application?
If someone asks to borrow your phone to make a call, what could they do?
Why Adobe is recommending McAfee security scan during flash player installation?
How do spammers verify the validity of a huge amount of email addresses?
At what level of abstraction should a developer work with with regards to cryptography?
Reasonable computationally lightweight security?
Facebook Login security concern with the javascritp JDK
Secure login feature with low CPU power
How can I embed iframe securely without restricting its functionality?
How does one test AV against zero-day malware?
Configuration for a server
How to secure usb data storage of Android phones?
X.509 certificate attack (small sha1 private key)
Is the date that a password was last changed useful to an attacker?
How do I correctly select and use a modern symmetric block cipher?
Future proof encryption possible in theory?
Security concern to implement a web based remote desktop
Fuzzing tool to find heap overflows in a Windows binary
How can encrypted traffic bypass the Great Firewall of China when it is being blocked?
Which Wifi encryption method is secure?
How I add cookie to w3af for authenticated attacks?
How does a CSRF token prevent an attack, and how can I safely use/avoid it for my JSON API?
Network security: Public and Private keys
Doesn't adding requirements to a password, such as must contain 2 digits, decrease the strength?
How much should I care about the iOS/Android version when pentesting mobile app?
How Chrome avoids sslstrip?
Are Web Views in android secure?
Security threats of wireless charging?
Forged SSL without installation of root CA, possible?
How secure is Windows 8 email authentication?
What does scorecardsresearch.com/beacon.js - added by Disqus.com - do?
How to connect Tor to the web using a specific server?
Trying to figure out Gmail login in Wireshark
using exploit/unix/webapp/tikiwiki_graph_formula_exec
How to restrict web access to certain countries
How isolated are files on a VirtualBox virtual machine from the host filesystem?
What's most standard way to secure internet connections and protect privacy?
Networking books for programmers
Identify a process that uploads data
What makes PINless Wi-Fi Direct using WPS on Android secure?
Calculating how secure my password is
Strange file named Aview.exe - WinClient
OpenVPN Why CBC mode is recommended?
Generate user a password instead of asking for one?
Secure risks of online chat for customer service
how to protect from Network scanner on android?
How to retrieve a site whose server is running Linux
encrypted cloud storage with partial local copy
Block all internet access from a computer except for allowed applications and domains?
How to simulate a WEP cracking scenario for faster cracking in local lab?
how to import a private key in windows
Making a Windows cert say it's purpose is "Ensures the identity of a remote computer"
How to define different firewall rules for different users on the same machine running on Windows 7?
How can a novice find proof of a system compromise?
How to evaluate the strength of a hashing algorithm?
Xbox 360 Security - Why must you be the data owner to move content?
Cracking a wpa2-psk wifi
How can hotels securely receive your credit card details (for a custom, one-off payment)?
Mitigation Strategies for Response Spliting Attack
Combining MAC and Encryption
What mechanism enforces user permissions in Unix/Linux?
How big is the risk of hash fixed points/cycles?
Command injection Windows platform
Chrome SSL Warning: "You cannot proceed because the website operator has requested heightened security for this domain. "
SSL/TLS: Version Change during Renegotiation or Resumption?
Reflection Attacks on Server
Alternatives to Common Password Retrieval
is there any program that can tell me which files have been transferred from my computer thru the web
Who should I use for auditing/cerifying server software or specific deployment
How can this xss challenge be solved?
Is possible to know if increased marketshare means more viruses?
Why Do we Need CAPTCHA? In what case we should use it?
Restarting nginx with Jenkins or Phing - is it safe to allow Jenkins to run sudo without prompt for password
Track lost Android phone, if the thief is using it to access internet
How does the YubiKey Validation Server work from an encryption perspective?
Best free website vulnerability scanners
Multiple running instances of rundll32.exe
Is Data Remanence a Myth?
Self-signed certificates usage for code signing purposes
Do client certificates provide protection against MITM?
Can IE be made to imitate the behavior of Chrome's KeyGen element?
Proving running code on a website is unchanged
Is it secure to install RSA SecurID Software Tokens on the same computer that will be used to access the VPN?
What are RealVNC 5.0 Authentication Protocol Security Limitations?
Secure internet access while traveling
Macbook pro, rootkithunter
Any one know about UDP traffic on source port 26221?
How do I holistically protect a web service from network and MITM attacks?
Test Android Secure Encrypted Traffic
Security comparsion of 3DES and AES
Is there any way to list the contents of the iPhone/OSX Keychain and their security level?
Can I develop SSH-based tools within United States?
Would it be possible to extract user agent strings from 3G/4G Data
Using Netcat to detect the webserver type
Where does mutation engine resides in Metamorphic \polymorphic viruses?
E-mail can be made to appear like it came from a big organization?
Should I use urandom() or openssl_random_pseudo_bytes()?
unix malicious scripts/ksh execution
Client vs Server security for business critical application (crossplatform)
What are the best practices for RSA-based security?
OS fingerprinting: can I rely on the results?
Is it useful to determine the name of the server software while doing a penetration test?
How was pentest performed in the era with no frameworks like Metasploit?
Should the serial number of multi factor devices be removed?
OS Fingerprinting for Android
ROP Exploitation on ARM
Is bcrypt better than scrypt
Burp proxy between non proxy aware device
Backup server categorization in the Open PCI Scoping Toolkit
Can I re-use another vendor's dual factor token in my own system? (Avoid physical token bloat)
What does a HTML filter need to do, to protect against SVG attacks?
Anonymous access over SSL
Physical access: in-scope for penetration testing or not?
Best way to secure Wi-Fi Direct connection
Reverse shell attack and proxy interceptions.. . is there anything worng?
Why CAs instead of global fingerprint database?
How can I protect my browser from being compromised?
Security of NoSQL databases
Strongest cryptographic algorithm available in PHP 5.3
Boot or reboot to clean state on Windows each time?
Can email be encrypted before it reaches the mail server? If not, is there something that would allow something like this that's being worked on?
How should I safely display my phone number on my website?
Share or not share public key for servers?
Are older viruses removed from virus definition files?
How can I spoof my IP address using the PHP curl function?
Lowest possible threshold for smartphone app login
How similar are bots regarding their HTTP GET request?
Is there any way to crack a Bitlocker drive?
What is this authentication method/approach called?
Is SiteKey a valid defense against Phishing?
How to track down an IP spoofer?
Attacks in SSL and SSH
Wifi login redirect applications
What can an attacker do with Bluetooth and how should it be mitigated?
How to setup GPU for Cracking WPA/WPA2?
Is it possible to change the wifi password with a script?
How dangerous is it to use third-party security audit tools?
Any real world examples of GPS location data being used with authentication?
What is a DNS leak?
Closing an HTML tag without using the actual character
Youtube & Google Services that ID you based on stuff on your computer - what is the risk?
Building a Security Training Simulation environment
What are the methods to crack WPA and WPA2?
Is there a way to make changes to a virtual machine, test it out, and automatically make same changes to normal machine?
Is this code vulnerable?
Implementing Secure Remote Password with Remote Desktop Application
Is one CSRF token per session is adequate with HTTPS?
How to use clipboard manager software more securely?
How does window.w3ssss hack occur
How do I verify, parse and process the results of the HTML5 keygen tag?
What are the security implications of Digital Lifeboat (or other p2p storage solutions)
Difference between Encryption and Verification certificate
What's the point of using multiple checksum algorithm with "aide"?
How is Chase Mobile Deposit Secure?
Does IPv6 without NAT allow my ISP to identify/monitor/limit the number of devices in my network?
SSL Bit Length History
How do I import a PKSC#12 private key into Java 5 (which may require PKCS#7)
User-to-user encryption in addition to SSL for mobile phones?
URL Shortening - How to verify if it is a non-malicious URL?
What is the severity of a fake certificate?
How to Investigate Wi-Fi Intrusion and where to look for evidence?
What does it actually mean when someone says their website is hacked?
How to find IPS events in sonicwall syslog
Web Application - Cookie Expiry
Does Authenticode still work offline and with a "fake" certificate
Failed RDP brute force attack from Microsoft IP address?
A Different Approach to PKI
How to solve race condition in 2-factor authentication solutions like RSA Security tokens or Google Authenticator?
S/MIME verification
Apple ID Created With My Email Address
What OID Issuance Policies are appropriate for SmartCard and Browser Certificates?
In SSL/TLS, how is the authenticity of a server's certificate verified?
What happens to a certificate's Basic Constraints when a policy map is used?
PGP on hibernation files?
Storing Private Keys Generated on Server with specific User's Password Securely
how strong is AES without salt
Can Microsoft monitor my computer because of Windows 8 email sign in
How to test security of an encryption algorithm?
What tools can be use for Security Auditing for Redhat
Tool for generating MD4 collisions
GPG-encrypted mailing list and other approaches to safe communication
Risk Control - Ignored risks and accepted risks
Example of malware in the wild?
IE on Windows 2012 doesn't show certificate or lock icon despite using HTTPS
Symbiote Counter-Attack Detection
Is it possible detect a device using a 3G connection?
Can I use hardware token OTP to stop piracy?
How can I trace Hacking attempt
About generating Exe files from Metasploit scripts
What are the main reasons to leave an IT Security position?
What sort of delay will deter a robot from crawling my site?
Is an AIA or CRL useful / required at the Root CA if that Root is used to cross certify another PKI?
Blocking executables at the firewall in the enterprise
Slot machine segfault: what can we determine?
Filling the disk with random data prior to encryption?
Pitfalls of SSD encryption
Strange request URI with lot of + (spaces) and "chosen nickname"
How to fuzz on FreeFloat FTP server using SPIKE Fuzzing?
Metasploit Wifi Modules Asking for lorcon2
Different types of segmentation faults in Linux
Why would someone want to encrypt RSS feeds?
CSRF Countermeasures
Question about XSS example
Any suggestions while testing a sandboxing driver?
Is a 512 bit RSA key secure when used temporary?
How can I use many LiveIDs (or Microsoft Accounts) at the same time?
Extensions for SSL server certificate
What Enhanced Key Usages are required for PKI infrastructure tasks? (OIDs for OSPF and CRL signing, etc)
What should a CRL file name look like when "new" and "delta" CRLs are generated?
Is it a good idea to generate certificate-specific CRLs? What is this technique called?
If we know CAPTCHA can be beat, why are we still using them?
What Checkstyle or Findbugs rules detect common vulnerabilities?
What is the most secure way for two people to communicate?
WLFriends encrypted login risk
How to explain computer security to low-grade students?
Why is it necessary to match the checksum of a download with another file provided by the same server?
When should I issue more than one multi-factor device to a user? Is it OK to give several active tokens vs none at all?
What exploit types do I need to protect against in PHP?
File system history on USB drives
Does OAuth 2.0 provide a way to reliably regenerate a key only when a session is active?
Use PHP to check uploaded image file for malware?
Kerberos realm understanding
Writing malware in java?
BrowserID and HTTPS conflict?
Security/Malware implications of storing data in a BLOB as opposed to the file system
Steganography using all TCP/UDP ports?
Client is not storing Credit Cards Securily (near plain text). How do I convince client to be more secure?
Accessing encrypted data with multiple users
Using Username/Password to generate 'public' key for Encryption
Can other customers on shared hosting see requests from/to my site?
Detecting PRNG Use from Output
Encrypted flash drives
What defines a 'defense contractor' and what is required to be reported in new US law?
Email Compromised due to Yahoo Mail Exploit
Portable KeePass and TrueCrypt
Safe YAML parser?
How safe is "trust this computer" option for websites?
Does the password you use to sign into a VPN determine the strength?
How to verify data from localStorage on a server
Security measures against packet sniffing
How to define audit controls responsibility? @ SIEM
What are the differences between the arcfour, arcfour128 and arcfour256 ciphers in OpenSSH?
Why do some antivirus programs find infections that others miss?
Securing my USB flash drive with Truecrypt and FreeOTFE
Block chaining modes to avoid
Suggested books to study for CISSP?
Does PayPal support a backup code for two-factor auth?
Is NTFS file compression vulnerable to a CRIME-like attack when using an encrypted volume?
How do private feeds get transferred between two different portals?
Enterprise standard for securing servers.
Updating stored, encrypted containers on a server
What damage could be done if a malicious certificate had an identical "Subject Key Identifier"?
Is Django's built-in security enough?
What's the difference between VPN over TCP vs UDP?
Should I change the private key when renewing a certificate?
Can real end-to-end SSL encryption be made?
How to verify certificate with very little information
Is Webroot's Business Endpoint Security up to snuff for mobile workforce?
Difference between masquerading and replay attacks?
Setting up ASP.NET web application on internet for first time; Are these security measures enough?
Where do I get started in terms of learning how to exploit Java and Flash vulnerabilities? or browser exploitation in general
In this example why do they hash a randomly generated piece of salt before hashing it with the password?
How is Tor secure despite being open source?
Is Nokia's "institutional MITM" of SSL traffic vulnerable to CRIME attack?
How to analyze server crash dump after recent patch update?
What is Non-Repudiation of content? How can we combat it?
How about preventing CSRF this way?
Looking for password manager in company
Cookies + CSRF protection + AJAX
passwords database - access control and/or synchronization
What are some of the worst DBMS for finical software, and why?
How should I store SSL keys on the server?
How do a VPNs route SSL traffic and do they compromise security?
How disable Java in Chrome 23?
Can an employer access Whatsapp messages if you are using their servers?
Encrypting local HTTP traffic using a self-signed certificate
How can I catch an Instant Messenger Identity Thief?
Tutorials, Exercises and Environemnts for Penetration Testing Mobile Environments
Playing with Referrer Header
Ciphertext for email vs Ciphertext for database
How should I select which antivirus software to install on my new laptop?
Passing generated keys to another process
Cuckoo Sandbox python errors after task submission
Should I be disabling Java?
UNION SQL Injection
Where can I find statistics on security breaches?
How effective is a URL scanner?
Browser security - Firefox + NoScript is better than Google Chrome?
Java vulnerability: What about OpenJDK + IcedTea?
How can Nokia decrypt HTTPS data?
How traceable is ATM and point-of-sale credit card use back to you in practice?
Bot detecting by considering request inter-arrival time
What are the benefits and drawbacks of the HTML5 Keygen element?
Brute force login attempt from spoofed IP's
Should the Keygen element be used to create a certificate for mutual auth TLS? What alternatives are there?
Need advice on automated virtual pentesting lab configurations
How can an "alternate" or duplicate HTTPS certificate be used in an attack?
Is this a security flaw in Firefox 18.0?
Behavior when validating an expired certificate chain
unknown MAC address in the LAN, DD-WRT router
Will disabling the Java add-on in IE protect you from Java exploits?
Secure transactions (on or off the internet) with a credit card
Any recipient can modify an order confirmation mail, right? Does this ever matter ?
Android Device Encryption
Suspicious phone browser activity
Pseudo-Unique PICC Identifier in Passports/ID Cards
How should I react to finding GMail outbox e-mails that I didn't send?
What does key, key pair and signature mean here?
Idea feedback wanted - easy and secure web notes manager (javascript)
Are image uploads also vulnerable to sql injection?
Bad transactions in an e-commerce system?
Are passwords stored in memory safe?
How do automated systems store their keys securely?
Privacy laws' right-to-amend (and right-to-delete) requests and archived data/backups
Breaking out of attribute in double quotes
Windows System event log warnings for smtpsvc
Does Verizon Wireless LTE network have intrusion prevention capabilities?
Anyone out there using Umbrella from OpenDNS? What exactly is it?
Should WS-Fed, Mozilla's Persona or OpenID ever be used with a Banking application?
DrayTek Vigor 2920 HTTPS allowed
How do you build a secure web application that is also COPPA compliant?
Is it possible for a third party to sniff data off the line to an ISP and determine what the user is doing?
How can I tell whether this computer is part of a botnet?
Will SHA1 of Email Addresses Always be Unique?
Does naming sensitive things discreetly provide protection?
How does Java 7 update 11 fix the security vulnerability?
Is it possible to detect password length from hash? Does doubling your password add more security?
Why Say IP Addresses Are Harmless?
Hardening Web Browsers - Detailed Guidance
Is Yahoo SignIn Seal effective at phishing prevention?
How do you know a computer is not compromised when you first get it?
openssl: recover key and IV by passphrase
Can you crack a Mailinator "Alternate Inbox Name?"
Suscpicious registry entry
Is an ATM alert system triggered by typing the PIN in reverse a secure solution?
Is privacy a part of security? (Bruce Schneier)
How get data from password protected rar file?
Best practices for operating a Bitcoin-Qt client regarding netwok privacy?
How does UEFI Secure Boot prevent "evil twin" spoofing attacks?
How is hibernation supported, on machines with UEFI Secure Boot?
Is the master keypair in OpenPGP ever used for encryption, or just signing?
Analyzing Network Anomalies for Malicious events
Building my own Darkspace
Using dynamic keys
Safely transfer UserID among different Subdomains
Process authentication for Linux
Setting up a security CTF server
Methods for remembering passwords around the web
What changed between TLS and DTLS
Is there a law against one email containing both a login and a password?
Implementation review - Independent key, admin side and user side
Tor - chain of connected nodes?
Implications of having a service account in AD use RC4 rather than AES for Kerberos?
How to store banking information,collected on website, securely and implement encryption?
How to remain 100% anonymous on the internet?
Check for database tampering
Is it possible to decode xor encoded string from N copys?
Hash Function Xor
What are HTTP GET/POST flood attacks?
Should email verification links be 'time limited' after user registration?
Is a browser with disabled scripts and disabled java enough against malware
Weird issue with Firewall blocking NATed packets
E-mail with obfuscated code / no trace in e-mail server
Securing Isolated AWS Deployments to comply with HIPAA/HITECH
YouTube channel gone crazy!
How to regain access to the server?
Defense in depth vs low complexity - Balancing point?
What is the technique to determine if a user is "reading" a page called? (similar to "infinite scroll")
Disabling authentication via DSA keys in OpenSSH?
Best practice for storing credential in data center
How easily could be truecrypt and EFS cracked in this scenario
How does Chat monitor work,if we use encrypted service like gtalk
Generating Web Application Security Profile
HTTP Response Splitting
how to secure my login user id and passwords specially for facebook
Is the use of DSA keys a security risk?
How can I extract the MD5 hash of a password protected MS Office Word 2000 document?
What is the significance of the version field in a TLS 1.1+ ClientHello message?
ASLR and how a program can actually call its functions
How to generate a highly unpredictable random bytes
Protecting peers communicating with WebRTC
Java 7u11 - Safer to switch to 6?
How does a developer interact with Microsoft Certificate *Web Services*
Privacy in torrents?
Using a VM to access internet when malware blocks internet access?
Backup TrueCrypt hidden volume
Swap file may contain sensitive data
Why is windows considered insecure?
Law & Ethics - I'm not be breaking the law its the computer
Is it a good idea to have a "master" password?
What are darknets, and how can they be used to provide security and anonymity in network communication?
Is this acceptable login security?
Can my ISP know my passwords
Linux kernel 3.2 syscalls
Is 7-Zip's AES encryption just as secure as TrueCrypt's version?
GnuPG implementations are not cross-compatible?
Comparison Between AppArmor and Selinux
how safe is a home NAS with ssh access?
Guidelines on out-of-band server management via integrated Lights-out services (iLO, iDRAC etc.)
How hard it would be to infect a system with malware through a portable web browser
Attract Brute Force SSH Attacks
Is suspicious network activity likely to be caused by a rootkit?
How is it possible that a virus can infect the system if the browser is started with non-admin rights
Is TLS secure when full eavesdropping on the network occurs?
When hashing passwords, is it okay to store the algorithm used right there in the database?
Tracking information on HTTPS connection
SSL Certificate Authentication Issue 403.7
Is a random keyfile more secure than a derived key?
Difference between .pfx and .cert certificates
How dangerous is a virus introduced to a malicious website in chrome?
Msf and exploitdb on Backtrack 5
Maintain sensitive key between requests
How secure is the new Mega-site encryption?
Is it necessary to setup a firewall in both PC and router?
SSH: reusing public keys and known-man-in-the-middle
How unlikely is it that a Google Doc link is guessed?
How is Facebook locating me when I use a VPN?
How can I configure my router to prevent connections bypassing it?
Can law enforcement track a criminal through dynamic IP address?
How can I tell if a PPTP tunnel is secure?
CMS security issues
Need advice on Cryptography digital files project
Security of bcrypt/sha256 key used with AES to encrypt a file
Is SHA-1 encryption?
Wifi box produces three SSIDs?
Is this code harmful? Why?
is RDP7.0 authentication process secure enough?
XSS risk for an application which can be accessed from localhost only
SSH Bad Protocol Version Identification String- What is it?
Good tools for reverse engineering colaboratively?
Sqlmap testing HTTP headers
Foolproof Jailbreak detection?
Penetration testing against an ignorant target - Is it legal?
Data remanence on mobile devices
Incoming Packet From Source Port 80
Can an attacker guess my password length from a hash?
Full Disk Encryption within a VM, how secure is it?
Can a salted hash be an effective MAC?
If email is insecure, why do we use it for password resets?
Emails wrongly flagged as spam by filter, claiming suspicious URLs
Recipient non-repudiation in secure e-mail transport
BCrypt+SHA256 vs PBKDF2-SHA256
Is it possible to create a self signed certificate authority?
Quick Security Mitigations to Impending attacks
is it easier to get the original password if you have multiple hashes of it?
SSD Encryption - Difference between models
How to implement authenticated encryption using pycrypto or a python library?
Is there a true alternative to using CAPTCHA images?
Sucuri giving false positive with their free online scanner because of an .htaccess RewriteRule
Why are my gpg public key on my machine and on the key server different?
Vulnerability scan scheduling approach on demand versus change?
Do XBAP applications have the same vulnerabilities as Java Web Apps?
Should sensitive data ever be passed in the query string?
Is it possible to use the aircrack-ng tool to crack a WPA2 Enterprise network?
What type of data does Snort log?
Is this a security risk for us to lost TPM or others to access to reset BIOS ?
AES128 and IV for app crypto
Disadvantages of HTTP GET/POST Flooding Attack?
Is encryption of Onion Proxy possible?
Is AES-GCM recommended for SSL?
What should I know about SPDY before enabling it?
Is SSH2 still vulnerable to man-in-middle attacks?
RSS Feeds: restrict access
What should a security audit report include?
Does the VPN provider know my dedicated IP?
Retrieving saved password from Firefox on Linux
How to implement a Web of Trust?
How does Wireshark detect online-messenger traffic?
HTTPS form submissions are blocked on corporate networks
Connections through Firewalls explained
Live Linux which does not mount any hard drive in the computer
securely destroying data on an external hard drive
Remedy for not having filled the disk with random data?
How does OCSP stapling work?
How to lure a Hacker?
Content hashes to help protect resources being fetched from a CDN
How Involved Should a Developer Be in Designing a Security Policy?
Can SSL requests be proxied by issuing a second certificate?
Secure PHP upload form & storage
What is the difference between protocols and algorithms?
jasypt message integrity
Is a company responsible for a spam which mentions it?
Processor microcode manipulation to change opcodes?
How secure is this php code against SQL injection?
Does overlaying the mouse on a virtual numeric keyboard really protect against keyloggers?
I've heard that salt is not meant to be secret, but what if I made it secret?
Desktop API Security
DPAPI and malware
Denial Of Service attack in asynchronous communication
Can hackers find secret tokens passed to HTTP GET requests?
Padding oracle - Vulnerable Version of ASP.NET
How do you get a specific .onion address for your hidden service?
Completely mimimise the possibility of my web hosting account being hacked
Why does openssl writes EC parameters when generating private key?
How to correctly implement AES in a backup application
Can a SMS recipient charge any arbitrary fee to the sender without approval?
Generating private key from hex string with openssl
Due to which reason might a windows 7 password been reset to empty?
Is Chrome giving out information about me?
default.php file found on the server, is this a security threat?
Blind SQL injection: understanding heavy queries
Burpsuite 1.5 initiating TLS Connection on their IP to Port 443. What is it?
Are services like "LastPass" less secure, as they have all my passwords protected by a single password?
How to treat non-optional bad security questions?
SSD enrcyption with ATA password - AHCI mode?
Is There a Premium Rate Phone Check?
Debugging and DLL-Injection
Can malware hide their network activity from Resource Monitor (perfmon)?
What is the best way to generate keys in phpseclib?
Why can you bypass restricted WiFis by adding "?.jpg" to the URL?
what are good requirements for a password
Mutual authentication for humans
Best practice advice - folder security (windows environment)
How many OpenPGP keys should I make?
How to capture packet using agent in JADE (Java Agent Development Framework)?
What goes into an average incident response process for a corporate network?
Reverse engineering and Java
Which hard disk encryptions schemes are tied to the original hardware?
How to satisfy requirement 10.6 of PCI DSS?
What are the differences between ssh generated keys(ssh-keygen) and OpenSSL keys (PEM)and what is more secure for ssh remote login?
What should I have prepared for a PCI compliance onsite assessment?
From a security standpoint should users be asked to confirm their password when registering?
how Cookie tracking threat works?
How can I find websites owned by a particular company?
Are there modules to harden Symfony 2 sessions?
What security standards and regulations are in place for bank ATM?
Are temporary blocks sufficient response to network probes?
Why does HTTP Basic authentication encode the username and password with base64?
Finding all links under a website
How does SSL implement server authentication?
How exactly does Burp Sequencer calculate the values it derives?
Asymmetric crypto to store credentials in HTML LocalStorage
What vulnerabilities in the OWASP Top 10 are relevant to WordPress?
Is it secure to use ChangeHats for Web Application?
SQLi-protection ORDER BY
FIPS 140-1 and FIPS 140-2
"Due diligence" in PCI requirement 12.8.3
How does processor architecture affect password hashing speed?
Relative costs involved in making changes to the current organisational security
Security evaluation of Vasco's Digipass Mobile SDK for OTP?
Are banks required to be PCI compliant?
Salted hashes vs HMAC?
Generating random passwords by clicking randomly on the keyboard?
Can p2p use be traced by targeting a known individual rather than an offending IP Address?
"Premium SSL" vs "Stanard SSL" certificates - Any reason why I would want a "Premium SSL"?
Using an off-by-one buffer overflow can I manipulate EIP to execute code located outside the target program?
Should content delivery depend on FCrDNS (forward-confirmed reverse DNS) look-ups and why?
Erasing Truecrypt keyfile(s) after volume has been mounted
set uid for reboot binary & pm-suspend : security hole?
Why Nessus freezes at 0% and how to fix it?
How to tell if you're being ARP poisoned?
Can an attacker reuse stolen SSL private key to recreate that domain on his server
What is certificate pinning?
Is using the same password for multiple TrueCrypted volumes safe?
AES CBC padding when the message length is a multiple of the block size
Where is the limit between an attacker and a victim (zombie) in a DDoS attack
HTTPS Certificate mismatch alert before redirection
Sending secure information from app with ssl
Is it possible to list folder from my web server if i have an empty index.html in the root folder?
Does adding dictionary words to passwords weaken them?
Requirement 12.1.2 of PCI DSS: Is it enough to point to a standard process?
Route traffic from iPhone to desktop and back
Easy protocol for email authentication
Are there any extra security risks with leaving wireless enabled while ethernet is connected?
How to secure or (Ensuring Integrity) of Web Data in transit and in store?
How should one prepare himself for a job interview for penetration testing?
can I find on which machine was a zipped archive created?
When changing a password using a WebPage, must the old password be entered on the same screen?
Wine or sandboxie as sandboxes
Use of rainbow tables with the NY Times hack?
Can Veracode detect vulnerabilities in jsp files?
Are you aware of any CEO that went to jail because of Security Flaws?
Kerberos for sending secrets
How to discover if there is someone else connected to my wireless router?
Which extensions to use for a S/MIME certificate?
Can change management for PCI compliance be accomplished via simple emails?
A couple of redirects after clicking in a link, what are they after?
What day-to-day activities can compromise a person's information security
Is it possible to restrict portions of a web site to only allow access based on geographical region using the IP address?
Android apk malware
If multi factor authentication is enabled, how should that affect self-service password reset?
Good, simple list of reasons that email is inherently insecure
Best practices for handling computer viruses
Malware infections from visiting or using YouTube
Finding all AJAX entrypoints
What are my options for securely printing an OTP Scratchcard?
Restrict access to a specific directory on Linux
Banning specific passwords?
How does the Yahoo webmail exploit work?
Is online banking more secure on iOS than a desktop computer?
How to test my website for the rails YAML vulnerability
How can I explain Cross Site Scripting in a non-technical way?
What is the "derive" key usage?
is there a safe way to login to my gmail account from a public pc?
How to use phone's Wifi tethering to demonstrate security vulnerabilities on phones
Securing opensource web application
Breaking out of the virtualization layer
How to make a secure key distribution scheme/protocol?
aes cfb 128 decryption /encryption problem between Erlang and PHP
After How Much Data Encryption (AES-256) we should change key?
Received a Kindle from a stranger, what are the risks?
Firewall on a VM
Maltego transform samples
Is there a way to find out how long it takes John the Ripper to crack a particular password?
Tools for performing HTTP FLOOD attack?
Encrypting user data using password and forgot my password
my site with joomla 1.5.14 got defaced and I'd like to know how he did it and stop it
Is there an easy way to secure Apache on debian?
Loki How to crack the password hash OSPF?
mod_spamhaus whitelist example to allow a range of ips
Securing the SOAP Messages
Is apache mod_spamhaus still being maintained?
How to study the packets sent by a keylogger
Picking an encryption algorithm for auth tokens passed via AJAX
How to secure a truecrypt container allowing access with multiple SSH public keys?
How do I deal with companies that call and ask for personal information?
Is there any way to know the contact email on a contact form?
PGP keys and security contact pages
If someone hacks my wi-fi password, what can they see and how?
Should users share OSX crash logs?
Encrypt+Signing data: PKCS#7 / CMS or do-it-your-own way?
Good ways to prevent spammers from registering
Is there any decompiled source code for the "Flame"/"Skywiper" malware?
Are file permissions set in Unix/Linux effective in Windows or Any other OS?
Cellphones IMEI public exposed?
Is using the md5 hashing algorithm as method for authorization in an HTTP POST request unsafe?
How to secure a certificate internally
How does a PCI QSA audit a company?
What is the current status of trust management?
why blocking incoming traffic does not block chatting or VOIP
Weakness of AES OFB mode
Firefox pre-downloading
Determine hashing algorithm only with known input and output
Fixing the high-bit problem in PHP's crypt() implementation
Attack Vectors for Purely Static Website (HTML and CSS)
Are there any solutions available which conform to AAA protocol?
Can wifi administrator see data transfer over android phone. precisely gmail app communication
What is the method used in the New York Times attack?
Do javascript: URLs starting with // allow XSS?
Wildcard SSL Cert and Client Authentication
Using RADIUS for host authentication
Safer way to access paypal, Mobile or Pc?
Why does OpenSSL not include AES-256-GCM?
how to mitigate a DDoS from botnet on your website that comes from random IPs
Is decompiling software considered unethical or illegal?
What unique risks does MVC model binding bring to a website? What additional vigilance is needed?
How do antiviruses scan for thousands of malware signatures in a short time?
JavaScript eval() to parse JSON after sanitizing with regexes — is XSS possible?
Apart from the lack of native Oultook support, why should one prefer S/MIME over PGP/MIME for email?
Secure Web application Password vault/manager
Are intermediate signing certs the only secure+practical way to manage OpenVPN client certs?
Secure design for handling mail attachments
How to set up OpenSSH to use x509 PKI for authentication?
Windows App Store security
Retrieve header from SMS on iPhone
Should SSL be terminated at a load balancer?
What are the basic implementations that make a network secure from the inside\outside?
Why are vulnerabilities and lack of security possible in computers?
How do I know a piece of software only does what the author claims?
Server Certification Processes
Minimum size of input text box required for XSS attacks
keylogger detection by listening network
Options for simple phone verification with pin delivery
Saved passwords (use case)
Ssl certificate rekey or revoke
gpg --perfect-code
Cannot use HTTPS or download stuff from sourceforge with a mac, what kind of soft does that?
Slow down symetric encryption
Central authentication
What is this hashing algorithm?
Hidden directory with 0x0d0x0a
Our logs showing a lot of SSH brute force attacks originating on Port 11
Does a binary executable have to have some critical plain-text components?
Creating a rainbow table with predefined text
Why do I need both root password and user password in Fedora Linux?
NOPS in Metasploit
How to red team against firewalled architecture?
Insecure to require numbers in passwords?
How can I constrain or limit 3rd party Javascript (*.js) files that can DOS my site?
Which is better for SSL: TLS_EDH or TLS_SRP?
Secure transmission for desktop applications
Utility to hide several encrypted messages in single file
How to filter https traffic in mod-security WAF?
Security implications of storing email attachments on Centos Server
Prevent cross domain form submission with nonce?
OpenID without SSL certificate
Credit card data - sharing and storage
What is required to ensure users' information being sent over my website is secure with the use of account log ins
Does S/MIME provide means to propagate a certificate's revocation?
Is it safe to use flex and bison as a protocol parser?
February 7th 2013 Facebook integration error implications
setting up website for logged in users, anyone, and files no one should see (via the web)
Using John the Ripper to crack SHA hash w/ partial knowledge
Does not having https moot this entire site?
How to avoid to lose data encrypted because it was encrypted by no longer supported software?
Android Runtime Code Injection
How to deal with a person who gets easily fooled by internet and mail scams?
For a desktop application, why use an SSL certificate from a trusted authority?
What is a reasonable expiry for user authentication certificates?
Protecting against SSL Strip
What is the fight-back mechanism in OSPF?
My website has been hacked, what do i do next?
How to debug/reverse engineer java applets?
What is more risky? Database Server in DMZ or Trusted Network?
sha-512 vs sha-3?
Brute Forcing Password to a Truecrypt-encrypted file with Partial Knowledge
Securing Time Sensitive Data
Proxy server and IP address blockade
Need a time consuming symmetric encryption
Is there is a way to lock my USB port over the device physically?
Os command injection privileges
How content-type:image can lead to infected JAR file?
Authentication system against the user
Packet-filtering firewall evasion (Scanning)
Protecting an admin area from the public
Why doesn't Microsoft implement salt on users passwords in Windows?
How do you detect load balancing?
Good Practice: Storing Passwords in general
A simple but dangerous vulnerability in windows7?
Auto encrypt chunks of content for backup, best practice?
Error using ncrack
Strange android app … possibly a mass malware?
How to defend against HTTP request flood
Situations that a firewall should use rule for all packets
Email hacking myth
How to prevent code injection like automatically adding extra character?
Demystifying Web Authentication (Stateless Session Cookies)
Tracking a user who has posted abusive messages
How can be detected connection throttling in response to portscan detection?
PHP injection on 777 file
Generate DB Password from license key - a good idea?
Safest way to keep an offline bitcoin wallet
Why is it even possible to forge sender header in e-mail?
How practical/important is the Lucky Thirteen TLS attack?
How do I detect malware on Mac OS X?
Pure SRP authentication without TLS
Is it possible to use S/MIME in the web client of Gmail?
Is there a difference between GET and POST for web application security?
What knowledge is neccessary to work in computer security?
What is the difference between `extendedKeyUsage` and an application policy?
Requirements for a smartphone anti-theft App
What NFC protocol is used to read information on a Passport?
How does Near Field Communication (NFC) compare to RFID technologies? Looking for a functional primer
Can an attacker gain any information from an application/octet stream if they have no access to the sending and receiving code?
Is it reasonable to prevent timing attacks by using fixed processing time
Can I scan with nmap from cloud services?
Make the public key unrecoverable given the private key
How isolated are 2 operating systems on 1 harddisk?
certificate based network authentication
Apache/Linux server, DoS attack from own IP
Error code: sec_error_untrusted_issuer
How to use USB-Stick instead of passphrase?
Is there a reliable way to simulate "Evil Maid Attack" boot path tampering when using bitlocker?
AES encrypt secret key with plaintext
How can an Subject only read and write to its owned objects?
Is physical tape backup better than disk to ensure integrity
How vulnerable are passphrases with grammatical structure?
Implement server serial key for server software
Is there any risk related to allow user to give an URL as their image profile?
Loss of hardware asset(such as a laptop) that belongs to an organization
How to introduce delay in scanning tools that do not implement delay without touching source code?
How to store a private RSA key for an application?
What security issues are there when reading cookie with .htaccess?
web services: how prevent illegal accesses
Preventing online voter fraud
Mobile Broadband, e-Fraud & Anonymity Against My Website
Can Android phone running without SIM card be tracked (localized) by police?
What applicability does the Halting Problem have to infosec?
Stack Smashing problem
What are the dangers of client side authorization?
Cracking MS-CACHE v2 hashes using GPU
What is the risk and mitigation of accidentally typing a YubiKey password in an open forum?
Why some antiviruses detect viruses and some not?
Brute force a GUI login?
Blacklisting during a penetration test?
If my server was compromised, is my database safe?
Detect Bitcoin Mining
What do I need to be aware of to select a transfer method for digital forensic data?
What is the point of hashing passwords?
Security risk of adding a HTTP Header with server identifier
Hiding JavaScript source code
How to protect files (cron files) frome being executed by everyone?
SQL injecting a search form which uses boolean mode
Android / CyanogenMod encryption vs GNU/Linux
Is it possible to detect infection in PSP Go game console?
Can you really change the password to a mac on reboot without knowing the old one?
Why is this SSL handshake failing with iPad?
How can I protect against email tracking services?
Is it safe to mix authentication methods?
How to troubleshoot why Thunderbird rejects a PKCS#12 certificate with "Could not verify this certificate for unknown reasons"?
Which properties of a X.509 certificate should be critical and which not?
Can URLs be sniffed when using SSL?
An attack from my Employer
Is this SSO design secure?
Create a unterminable process in Windows
MACSEC nonce/key uniqueness
Could TOR nodes collect IPs and filter them to unmask .onion url IP addresses?
Problems configuring Webscrab to intercept trafic from localhost(Webgoat)
What makes EAP-SRP-256 better than SRP?
How does SRP prevent man-in-middle attacks?
Does chaos theory have any practical application in computer security?
Should I install an antivirus on my mobile phone?
eCPPT vs. OSCP Certification
How much can you trust a (banking) site after it spams you?
Need advice on linux server being hacked
Encrypt data within mobile app and send to web service
How to Secure My DropBox Installation?
Connect through two VPN clients
how is my router being modified to include WAN port-binding items for Teredo and Spotify
Is there cryptographic material in a phone's SIM card that can be used with RSA encryption?
if Noscript is secure is that possible our system still compromise by crypto?
Best beginning programming language for someone interested in IT security
What is better, an established framework or a homebrew solution?
Where to store Java keystore password?
What is ASN.1 usage in SSL protocl and What's the risk of using it?
Getting hmac_sha to work between Erlang and PHP
What risks are involved with installing gems from rubygems.org? Are alternatives safer?
When connecting to internet through VPN what precautions should be taken?
HTTPOnly Cookies: Security Depends on Client Cooperation?
Google Cloud Messaging Spoof
The security level in hash function
Are there any Benefits of Ajax Fingerprinting?
Black box testing javascript MVC web applications
How Do Spammers Exploit Mailto Fields?
Strategies to store/remember very long password?
Can my company access my computer via the VPN?
Can Jasper files be used as shells to attack java web apps?
GPG advantages / disadvantages, is it useful or secure?
How to use a Yubikey NEO (or any OpenPGP card or GnuPG in general) to sign X.509 CSRs?
How and where can I best announce an XSS vulnerability in a relatively well-known website?
bootp enabled by default on dhcp reduce security?
How is distributed computing security ensured?
Does pppd encrypt traffic?
Logging in a user after password reset via link
How to not reveal that you are using PHP?
CodeIgniter CSRF confusion
Exporting data beyond a cryptographic boundary
Does using GUIDs for IDs make IDs unpredictable?
non-periodic event detection
How X509 Certificates are used for Encryption
Is RDP an effective security barrier
Suspect Exchange Server appears to be hacked. How to determine if it was a false positive?
Windows 7 File Patching, Custom Visual Styles
Passphrase using same word several times
Tracing root compromises
What AES mode does SQL Server 2012 use?
What's the point of rejecting a cookie?
How to verify DNSKEY by using its corresponding DS
Are we obliged to provide a complete log should auditors ask for it?
How genuine are password entropy calculations?
My site just got hit with a SQL injection attack, how can I tell what they were doing?
How esignature verification process work?
What is this spam bot trying to do by filling in my PHP forms randomly?
Why does an nmap -sT scan show ports filtered but -sS shows ports closed
nmap: why is it "silly" to combine OS finding option (-O) with bounce scan (-b)
Confidentiality and integrity for web session
Google Chrome stores recent items I've opened in my computer?
SQL injection Are there any instances where a vulnerable url would not contain an 'equals' (=) symbol
Why do X.509 certificates have "Key Usage" attribute?
Arguments that proof a hashing scheme is sufficient
Did I get hit by the recent Java exploit?
Database hardening techniques
What is the purpose of the hashcode used in Exchange OWA HTTP requests?
IP forgery (theories are fine)
Ethernet security
Is password authentication worse that signed messaging if done over SSL?
An OS that does not trust its RAM?
How can I tunnel through an SSH server for application layer protocols such as HTTP/s and FTP?
Does disabling right click have any impact on security?
How to prevent attacks against client side validations?
How configure tomcat 7 SSL to use AES-NI?
Why are iframes allowed at all in modern browsers?
how to handle error reply messages?
How to enforce NTFS permission compliance?
Dynamic tools to detect vulnerabilities in software applications written in c?
Site backdoor & eval()
Is this a DNS attack?
Mechanisms to detect service abuse in the cloud
Actual issue? Phone switches from 3G to router makes session switch from https to http
Is IP restriction enough or should I SSL my web authentication?
What type of attack should be used in order to pass this authentication
Compromised server with psyBNC - what are our next steps?
Win server 2003 sp2 'local' Privilege escalation via thin client
HTTPS verification failed - get certificate information iPad/iPhone
Are there risks of using the same OpenID provider for sites with different security levels?
Preventing artificial latency or "Lag Hacking" in multiplayer games
Should a penetration tester have training in ISO 27001/ITIL etc?
What are the security risks when users upload their HTML and javascript to AWS S3 and the content is used in a webapp?
Methods for uploading shell to a website
Can I determine which algorithm was used if I know the matching hash of a given input?
SQL Injection How to inject Clean/Rest URLS
Web speech API security
How to remember a trusted machine using two factor authentication (like Google's system)
Websocket implication for firewalls
Is this a good way to handle login process
How is "<scrscriptipt>" or "selselectect" used to avoid filtering?
What is more secure for voice and SMS OTP: A random number or generated similar to HOTP?
Should Framebusting be used (not used) on an IdP login page?
How to proceed if a new hash algorithm for passwords is introduced?
Legality and ethics of cryptanalysis on password hashes
Password reset links: random value or authenticated message?
How do i protect my self from "Form grabbing" attack?
How to Secure a Stream from DDoSers?
Best practices for firewall hardware
Can I restrict a Certification Authority to signing certain domains only?
how does a return to system allow an attacker to evade a non-executable stack?
What's a good secure file deleter
OAuth: client credentials vs tokens
Is it safe to install metasploit in my daily-used computer?
Why is a separate reconnaissance server needed for DNS cache poisoning?
How can I set up signed downloads?
How to conduct a disguised LSA attack against OSPF?
Clean desk policy/No one giving me clear answer when asking about security procedures
How to protect against an attack where a person claims to be in a position of authority?
SMTP and SSL/TLS
Key distribution advice
how to trace a hacker
Source code auditing and fake builds
Is it secure to transfer an RSA public key by email?
How can I protect my domain names without exposing too much personal information?
All I see is RPC, how do I proceed?
How can I encrypt something user provided without risk of the key being exposed?
Why do we not trust an SSL certificate that expired recently?
What is a better practice - RSA Encryption vs Windows authentication
How to check whether the cookie is set securely
OpenVPN through company proxy and surfing history
Enhanced Key Usage vs. Extended Key Usage
Threat model for huge warnings on untrusted SSL certificates and no warnings for plain HTTP connections?
File security when encrypting files directly with the openssl command / and what about SHA1 hashing password first?
What justification is there for Comcast to block SMTP port 25 outbound from residential service?
I think I downloaded spyware from an ad on tortoise-svn site
How to test a proxy for tcp and udp traffic?
When, exactly, should old password reset tokens be deleted?
Why should an IKE responder change the cookie secret 'frequently'?
Is it safe to have the salt equal to IV?
Cracking CISCO ASA Passwords
When cellphone providers give "unlimited social networking", how do they identify the traffic?
Facebook data visibility to admin staff
How can an internet contest verify unique votes with only an email as an input parameter?
MAC spoof not working?
Need to ephemerally store third-party password
What measures should be taken when losing an iPad
What security risks does Firefox 19's built-in PDF reader (pdf.js) bring?
Penetration testing job entry exam
Securing a simple webservice against brute-force with mod-security
How can XML Injection be exploited , need example?
Key length and hash function in PBKDF2
How do I find a target on the wired network, from an attack system on Wi-Fi?
Potential issues with Kim Dotcom's new proposed "encrypted webmail service"
How effective is Activesync Certificate revocation using CRL or OCSP
When logging into a web page what exactly happens when a user types the wrong password?
Is every client-side language more vulnerable?
Internal CA for Digital Signature Solution - PKI Based
DNS Cache Poisoning and Snooping
Why would you want to run DNS servers externally?
What is the safest way to store a password in a single file?
Why is Tor safer than a proxy?
What is a good general purpose GnuPG key setup?
Perl CPAN modules in a PCI-DSS environment
Understanding nibbles & encoding using owasp EnDe tool?
Is it really better to use port 80 or 443 for outgoing traffic in order to bypass user firewall?
Affordable web application attack tools
How to set "Not Before" value to past when creating certificate request
How to change (sub)key usage of a PGP key?
LastPass One Time Recovery Passwords--How?
What is the difference between RSA1 & RSA in regards to SSH? Also when is the fingerprint & random art used?
icmp packets not able to reach the firewall despite of adding a specific rule, why?
Possible ways to test security for Windows Phone 7 or iOS devices
How high is the entropy of this salt-generating code? (No code-reading actually necessary)
What's the use of making users use digits, uppercase-lowercase combination password if the passwords are hashed?
How to mitigate SIP Reflection Attacks?
How to predict C rand()?
Are private keys generated by different software packages compatible?
Why do services like Twitter have tokens and secrets for 3rd party apps?
How to "demonstrate" man-in-the-middle attack?
How does PKCS#7 padding work with AES-256, CBC mode?
Testing for HTTP TRACE method
How do I know if my email account has been hijacked?
PKCS#7 message constructed by our code, any weaknesses in the output?
Yahoo Email Keeps Getting Phished
Encrypting sensitive data in software and storing/decrypting it on a server
Recovering encrypted SD card after Android Factory Reset
Do iframes maintain the security of the nested website?
What does working in cybersecurity look like?
Using ModSecurity as transparent mode
I managed to capture a botnet control host, what do I do with it?
UAC and Windows Services
Occurence of ROP gadget
How less secure is an encryption if we know something about the original data?
iOS auth/auth with a REST Webservice
Dynamic application security testing tools
tshark - dump the data section
static vs dynamic vs challenge response
Can active attacks really decrypt a particular AES-256, CBC, PKCS#7 encrypted file?
What key sizes are allowed within TLS if the DHE_RSA is the only key exchange allowed?
Why so long to break 128-bit encryption?
What about fuzzy passwords? For "correct" entry within a margin of error?
How powerful are top Verisign executives?
How could this file have been modified?
Can encryption twice with two keys in different sequences lead to the same result?
How to provide security for passwords stored in Database?
What are the good resources for learning Metasploit?
Credit card forms on HTTP pages a MITM risk?
Regedit shows strange chinese characters in my system - should I be worried?
What are my options for a career switch into IT Security?
How to Detect Zimbra Sniffing Trojan
What are those nul bytes doing in Certificate Subject CN?
Does DSA need padding?
Java SecureRandom generate secure random number
How to have Thunderbird include a root certificate?
Safely generate a non-log file within an application server
What elliptic curves are supported by browsers?
To DMZ, or not to DMZ
Why doesn't Advanced IP Scanner show machine name?
Normalizing Windows Advanced Firewall rules
Odd Server Logs
How can I practice using nmap without scanning some real site or performing computer trespass?
Entering sensitive information into non-SSL site that uses secure iFrame
NMAP scan fails
Necessary education for InfoSec?
Is it possible to exploit XSS inside User-Agent header?
Stack Overflow is www.doioig.gov/? If not, then could I be infected
No where to run, no where to hide - suggestions to improve personal security needed
how to bypass "header" in php
Why we use GPG signatures for file verification instead of hash values?
Automatic robot crawler to check web pages authenticity?
Can a virus infect source code files with dangerous data?
Security implications of forwarding ports 1-10000 on Airport Express?
What does -Pn option mean in nmap?
What are possible consequences for applications that depends on Safe Mode for security?
Evernote hacked - precautions?
Windows Update - Interception
Is it inconsistent to tell users to "not click on password links in email", and requiring clicks on "forgot password" links?
How dangerous is game guard?
DDOS protection for instant messenger server
Can I ensure that a public key derived from a private key is unique?
What are correct steps to setup this exploit execution(jboss_invoke_deploy)?
Choosing an SSL certificate provider
Can a Javascript - WebGL proof of work system prevent website spam?
Key authentication with ssl
Account lockout with human interaction required to unlock
How to install Cisco VPN Client on Windows 7 64bit
How to keep using Java 6 securely, despite its unpatch vulnerabilities
PHP attack string in access logs
Client-Side Hashing to decrease value of password guessing heuristics
Anything to do about old gpg keys?
Basic Algebra and How it Applies to Information Security?
How to configure iptables for must open ports?
Site constantly getting infected
FireFox's restore previous session restores logins authenticated by server's sessions
is it safe to allow external images to be attached to Blog or any Web content?
Tools helps: First time cracking passwords
Test firewall rules (Linux)
How do I sanitize and check large numbers that will be sent to an unmanaged BigNum library like GMP?
Hashing a key: less entropy than the key itself
Is it possible to block emails (to all email accounts) that contain certain word/phrase patterns?
Use client SSL certificates as web application authentication
Why are SSL certificates valid only from a certain date?
Does SQL Server CE 4 decrypt data securely?
How can i reject connection from LAN and WAN to some ports?
Authentication by Signing or MAC?
Is GPG suitable as part of a password manager and generator?
How does Google get information about FTP servers - and how to avoid it?
Is there any way I can block (or conditionally approve of) iFrames on the client side?
How does one go about network forensics investigation with no prior knowledge?
How are spoofed packets detected?
What is the cost of SSL encryption?
Passwords being sent in clear text due to users' mistake in typing it in the username field
Encrypting Fields in Database
Use Authentication using 2 encrypted strings
How to track down a rogue laptop connected to an un protected ethernet socket in a big organization?
ASP.NET vulnerability CVE-2008-5100 (assembly signing bypass): is there a fix?
I wonder if my MacBook Pro with OS X got hacked?
Is Username/Display Name Login more secure than email login?
Is it bad practice to send decryptable data?
What specific padding weakness does OAEP address in RSA?
Looking for URL Blacklists of Malicious Websites
Do WPA-Enterprise implementations have built-in anti-IP-spoofing?
At what point does something count as 'security through obscurity'?
Can we reverse engineer binlog with row format to make MySQL AES_ENCRYPT visible?
Is it possible to locate Tor/proxy users? Spam is getting on my nerves
OAuth in open-source plugin
How does a clean desk policy provide security benefits?
Fresh Graduate Going into Penetration Testing
Tacacs+ scenario: can I permit user to configure only for one interface and deny others
Return AWS signature over HTTP
Is there a need to define "language safety"?
How do I transfer the HMAC?
what is the difference between a mac and a digital signiture
Segmenting Virtual Network Traffic
Could once infected machine be ever trusted again?
Improving Digest Authentication using PBKDF2
A good privacy policy or pursue encryption for private community?
Newline XSS vulnerability
How to test for OCSP?
When logging out of a website is anything else required then destroying the session?
Securing Java web services called by web site in DMZ using web services for communication
certificate usage for signing and encryption
HMAC What is secure manner to distribute shared secret between client and server?
Satellite dish giving off RF signal with no reciever
What are Security Practices for NoSql databases
Password Protected Zip: if attacker had one file, can use it to decrypt all files?
ECDHE_RSA and gmail
How risky is it not to install ssl?
CSRF mitigation in MVC
Reading for starter in Computer System Security
Open an e-mail account from only one particular system?
Is it possible to get data out of running application from non-rooted phone
How do I get my Encryption Certificate back?
how to specify only the named curve in CSR request?
Symmetric key management
How can I monitor a named pipe?
Are password complexity rules counterproductive?
Is update@em.facebookmail.com legitimate?
Is advanced mathematics relevant to security beyond cryptography?
What are the disadvantages of Tor?
What is the meaning of .ini file in startup folder?
What hardware do I need to monitor mobile traffic?
Will double encryption increase the security of cipher vs bruteforce?
programming language and security threats
How did Evernote detect the security breach?
Is there such a thing as MySQL connection flooding?
Should hashing hashed hashes colide or not?
Infected usb flash drive detection and cleaning
Dual Linux System with Whole Disk Encryption
Security and authentication problem
Security on dedicated lines
How do anti-virus apps for Android work?
Can JavaScript be used to install malware?
What certification would be considered equivalent to the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework?
What's the risk in putting semantically meaningful data in an HTTP session identifier?
Is $_SERVER[ ] a safe source of data in PHP?
Admin area in my php website is vulnerable to sql injection without login
Should I change the default SSH port on linux servers?
Setting up home lab with Snort and Vyatta - looking for resource recommendations or advice
Will my USB modem send my MAC address to my ISP?
MySQL Access Control?
Many-time pad on image data, how to proceed?
What dangerous characters need to be filtered from user input prior to use in a DB2 SQL query?
"pagesinxt.com" links in the sourcecode, am I being hacked?
Tor traffic seems to be exiting from different Tor exit nodes - is that expected?
Snort, add TCP retransmission rule
Android shared library integrity protection
Why is it easy to detect network layer DDoS attacks?
DOM Based XSS attacks: what is the most dangerous example?
Why must all classes' data members be set to private?
What kind of attacks result in an attacker only being able to leak a site's database?
Are Kismet (on OpenWRT) and Snort IDS (on a linux server) compatitble?
Increase the security of an already stored password hash
Using a separate email address for each contact
What is the difference between https://google.com and https://encrypted.google.com?
Simple solution to XSS
How to run client's code on server securely
Recomended Nessus Windows-7 scan settings?
Can google detect tor browser
Why do PGP master keys only have a single subkey, and tie certification with signing by default?
What should someone learn to get into IT Security?
when to escape user input
Secure single page in a site if site is hacked?
Report an email address being used by a phisher
How can I ensure privacy when outsourcing authentication to an IdP (Identity Provider)
What statistics can be used to identify pseudorandom data?
How much information about the reason for an unsuccessful login should a web application give?
Is it secure to use a custom written Php extension for handling + hashing (db) keys?
Truecrypt compromised? (Coldboot attack)
Choosing the right tools
When secure email, is not really secure
What should I look for when auditing a Firefox extension / plugin?
Is authentication using personal pictures more secure than passwords?
Should private messages be encrypted?
Anti-Phishing Campaign Objective
VMware server 4.1 -how can I prevent VMs being exposed to each other through VMCI?
Can XSS vulnerabilities present in 3rd party js libraries be used to attack the app that uses the lib?
Writing application specfic rules for WAF?
Single File Encryption in a Windows Environment
PCI Compilance - Custom payment processor
PCI payment gateway and store
ASP.net vs PHP security?
Windows 2003 Enterprise infected by Conficker; post-infection problems continue
What role does a PC play when transferring from one attached usb-drive to another?
Web Applications (http): Don't get how token based authentication is secure
How can the low-water mark property apply to Bell-LaPadula?
Should I use SSL on my database server?
Tracing Wireless Card
Cryptography key gathering tool
What audit procedures are applied to ENotaries and to the software they use?
Where are the private keys stored in Persona/Browser ID?
TLS: RC4 or not RC4?
List of methods in iOS that have been deprecated for security reasons?
What is nuke it from orbit?
Statistics of attacks on unhardened Web Server
Are smartphones at least as safe as "regular" computers for personal data?
Pointers for john the ripper rulesets
Setting a limit on password recovery attempts
Bringing in an intern
Is there any risk in posting "local info" to the Internet?
Guarding against XSS when setting Cookies based on URI?
CSRF Login: can Attacker Login using valid credentials?
RC4 bias protection with padding in TLS
How to find injected code in SQL?
How to evaluate a password manager?
Windows "Send to compressed file" creates an image?
Does it make any difference of the order Hashing and Encrypting in terms of security?
What threats are posed by SSL connections?
How to support secure creation of a user account over an external API via a queued job?
SSL certificates published in Mandiant's APT1 report
Wireless Security: PEAP
CSRF with OAuth or Bearer Authorization headers
Is this a secure method for authenticating clients?
Is the aggregate severity rating of "Important" for MS13-027 too low?
What is the next step of this file upload attack?
What is the best practice for storing a secret on the cloud?
Temporary passwords e-mailed out as plain text
What attacks are most likely against SSL/TLS web service sessionid?
how does a sip flood attack work?
New Undetected Virus?
How to detect & prevent fake emails?
Is it safe to use public USB charging stations?
Can File Sharing being Controlled by Mac Address?
Are any Java Card 3.0 smart cards available?
Snort Parallelization Techniques and its effect on DDOS detection capability
HTML encoding to protect against XSS
Proper Linux user authentication through PAM aware applications
DDoS prevention (LOIC doesn't do the job anymore)
Create a SSL certificate and sign it with a personal certificate which in turn is signed by a certificate authority
Where do I securely store application-specific symmetric key?
Does the padlock on my browser really indicate a reasonable assurance against eavesdropping?
Can double encryption with different key increase the security?
State before getting whitelisted?
Implementing secure login for an API
How can I detect backdoors?
Is there multi-factor authentication for machines?
Retrieve auto saved Skype password from Ubuntu 12.04 LTS
Can files deleted from a true crypt volume be recovered?
Secure delete with urandom?
Solutions to TCP FIN Host Sweep (Signature 3032)
csrss.exe process
What exactly is the impact on security when forcing user passwords to contain a particular character?
Safest way for multiple users post to a single social networking account
Why not allow spaces in a password?
Is request signing (digesting the request body) in a REST API necessary?
Senario:SSL Enabled Online Banking Application. Question: Should card numbers be provided back to a user un-masked, when there is a failed login?
Standards for secure key backup of master keys with secret sharing
User friendly PGP email
Why does layer 2 IDS seem underdeveloped compared to layer 3 IDS, for wireless network?
If a “man in the middle attack” obtains the username & password of user, are there mechanisms that can prevent them connecting to server?
Proxy / VPN Quality Check / Detection
How to completely password protect login into Ubuntu 12.10?
Concrete figures on password cracking in the wild
Is pixel based image encryption secure?
Hiding emails from Google
When taking ownership of a TPM in Windows 7, how is the SRK derived from the password?
Is it safe to sync private keys between iOS devices using iCloud?
Can a user's Apple Keychain be opened on a different computer?
Does allowing everyone know when a server process was started pose a security risk?
How to do security configuration for ibm http server?
Storing anti-CSRF token in cookie
Converting keys between openssl and openssh
How can I portscan large subnets?
How would one crack a weak but unknown encryption protocol?
Anonymized Votes
Exchange of DEK and KEK (encryption keys) between app server and key server
Where to draw the line with password managers?
Two-way SSL Performance
Recover password or password hash from locked account
Automating tests for XSS in bash?
Device fingerprinting & Mass Computer Surveillance
Why are GPUs so good at cracking passwords?
Why don't major browsers currently support TLS above version 1.0?
Security of JVM for Server
Script injection on different hosting servers = FTP hacking?
CRIME attack clarrification
What is SPL exploit?
Is there any way of recover a locked drive using TPM?
Where can I find articles about identity disclosure attack?
Database security: Remove superuser role
Mutual Anonymity in key exchange
Looking for feedback on my REST-style API authentication design and two-factor authentication
For how much time should I randomly move the mouse for generating encryption keys?
Risks of a PHP image upload form
Could I delete .csr files once the key was signed by CA
How would you detect whether customer data has been leaked?
OTR encrypted chatroom or IM
Certificate Chains When Importing Signed CSR Response
Stop code injections into page code
Is it still possible to sign up for a Google account without SMS verification? (March, 2013)
Evaluating candidates for Hacker/Pen Test Positions
Is it safe to abandon a free webmail account that has been in use for a significant amount of time?
7zip AES encrypted archive, padding oracle attack
Is it safer to compile open source code vs simply running the binary?
How can I prevent people from duplicating my barcodes
Is a VM only as secure as its host?
Why do APIs use API Keys instead of Usernames?
JInitiator is obsolete and I should reject it on grounds of security, right?
How is an ATM secure?
How do I safely inspect a suspicious email attachment?
Is there an anti-proxy detection available?
Migrating GPG master keys as subkeys to new master key
What type of PCI Compliance do I need if I don't hold any card data
Reducing password length with hash function
Setting up two way SSL
How does Binding Images with Malicious Patches happen?
What information should I provide to a website or organization when notifying them that their domain may be sending out spam?
Best practices for setting up client connections to a server with app credentials
UUID and Open_id in cookie 'good' enough?
Is it possible to execute a php script in an image file?
nmap.online inconsistent results
how to specify pkcs#7 requirements for a third party you are exchanging data with?
is pkcs#7 suitable for signing and encrypting zip files?
Does using ssl matter if I am connected using a VPN?
Incident Reporting or Notification Policy domain?
How easy is it to find a password in a huge text file?
Protection against screenshot key loggers
How do cellphones discover wireless APs?
How to guarantee counter synchronisation between client and server for counter in hmac-based one time password implementation?
Brute Forcing Domain Controller
Spike in TCP port 5904 activity - what for?
Authorising use of apps from a public store with no back end service
When checking a session variable to see if a user is logged in, is it enough to check to see if the variable is set?
How to determine source of e-mail and verify if the source is/could be legitimate?
Using linux to combat windows flash drive malware?
How can one recover from the Yahoo! XSS attack?
How does DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA compare to RC4 as the Cipher for SSL?
Is it safer to design websites and servers with HTML5 rather than flash?
Can I use any ssl certificate to sign and encrypt AS2 message?
What asymetric scheme provides the shortest signature, while being secure?
How will IPv6 affect DDoS mitigation techniques?
LUG war games — suggested strategies?
Recognizing malicious URL attempts against your website
Internet connection for POS of a Third Part
What websites do you visit for up to date Malware info?
Why is NIST removing & not updating TLS guidance? What is the replacement?
How would one go about becoming a Security Researcher
If an ATM is stolen, how easy can the personal information of the users be recovered?
Is using Google Voice number for two-factor authentication a big mistake?
Why is ECC more vulnerable than RSA in a post-quantum world?
What general security issues could arise from using UUID version 1 which exposes the MAC address?
Zip file with two password
user authentication by decrypting a random blob
Does PGP key I created and uploaded have any legal value?
Why guest's connections can pass host's firewall?
Setting up Windows laptops to require a smartcard for unlocking
Why does getting a password wrong takes more time than not
Anti-CSRF mechanism with referer header
Is appending a double quote at the end of an input query a valid XSS prevention method?
Why does some popular software still use md5?
GPG warns about unprotected subkeys while using monkeysphere
404s with /like and /undefined
Intrusion Prevention Systems: NIPS vs NBA
Should an invalid user name be logged?
HOTP with as HMAC hashing algoritme a hash from the SHA-2 family
Would introducing client certificates for a mobile app improve security?
How secure is a static site hosted on Amazon S3?
Pedometer with strong privacy (no data in cloud, local analysis software, no iOS)
Defense against same origin attacks?
x509: must the signature algorithm and public key algorithm match?
Techniques for fingerprinting a web based content management system (CMS)
Software security V.S Hardware security
do different subnet masks on home network provide any security?
snort ignores packets with matching src/dest IP address
What is the best way to protect a captive portal againt MAC spoofing
Has my network/computer been breached?
What security purpose do hashes of files serve?
ALERT - ASCII-NUL chars not allowed within request variables
Snort (IDS) Don't show Port Scans
How to bypass Nmap blockage?
Parameters in output of password hashing function
Where is RSA Digital signature used in the online banking world?
Tools and methods for analyzing RNGs
Inspecting “tidynetwork” element in chrome to find its origin on my laptop
Keyloggers - Ports used by keyloggers
Security measures for a WiFi access point?
Custom Python Server - how to secure it?
generating RSA keys through the browser
Is there a length beyond which increasing password length provides no additional security?
What possible use does an iFrame have for security?
How can i calculate the number of possible passwords?
How safe is FireFTP?
Relation between boolean blind SQLi and time blind SQLi?
Is TLS 1.2 client authentication really different from that earlier ersion of TLS
Does the Windows Surface RT or Pro (Windows 8) support local encryption of Activesync data?
Symmetric or asymmetric encryption for JSON Web Token?
ECDH and Forward Secrecy
Resources for building a network security curriculum
Brute forcing ssh keys
How long it will take to crack a RAR password?
Web service HMAC authentication/anti-replay
DNS Spoofing vs DNS Cache Poisoning
MySQL database access prevention
How to open a .txt.enc file?
How does paypal store credit card numbers?
Keyboards with built in SmartCard reader. PIN/Password to unlock not via Computer
Email instead of username
How do private photos get stolen?
Is it safe to suspend my computer if I'm using encrypted hard drive?
Has the WPS brute-force cracking issue been fixed?
What mode of operation is secure for block ciphers?
What are the ports used by Online Email Accounts such as Yahoo Mail, Gmail, etc.?
Keyloggers and Email Accounts
Can exploit vulnerability if program started with gdb, but segfaults if started without gdb
Secure Development Environment for University dealing with private data
Task Manager and Keyloggers
How to insert custom packets into SSL handshake?
Why on earth would anyone use the 'top secret' option of IPv4?
Website vulnerability scanner in Java && Open Source
Java applet authenticity problem
Does Web Apps and Databases running on AWS EC2 need a IDS/IPS?
Does "loose source and record route" drop the source address?
What is zero day?
What is the easiest way to search massive, leaked databases for persons and personal information?
Would it be possible to overload a large part of the internet, and if so then how?
Suggestions for secure fax SaaS
Changing locks on server cabinet
How does DOCTYPE selection affect security of my AJAX app?
Sanitizing JavaScript to prevent XSS
How do browsers know which cookie to get?
some questions about DOM based XSS
zero knowledge proof - where do we use it?
What is closed system esignature?
Using /usr/bin/passwd as login shell
Detecting Virtualization from web browser
Questions to hybrid encryption. RSA with AES
Browser cache, cookies, active logins and other data
Pre Installed OpenVAS , light way Linux
PCI DSS 11.2.1/11.2.3 - Internal scans scope
What's an easy way to perform a man-in-the-middle attack on SSL?
SSH password vs. key authentication
What is the "about:blank" context for browser security and privacy?
Will using SSL to secure Wordpress admin area only still actually be secure?
What kind of privacy leakage do stuff printed to stdout pose?
Can password-protected zip files be broken without brute force?
Unlock hard drive vs full-disk encryption
Time zone settings and leakage of location
Is time zone information saved in files?
How to get the prime number of a secret key in GnuPG?
Is a password in the clipboard vulnerable to attacks?
Is connection to keyserver encrypted?
Do keyservers keep logs of who adds whom to their keyrings?
RSA maximum bytes to encrypt, comparison to AES in terms of security?
Secure OS deployment
How do I diagnose client-side SSL errors?
How to assess severity/impact of vulnerability
undetectable virtualization apps to spoof web browsers
Does Java's implementation of OCSP and CRL checking handle intermediate CAs?
Secure erase iOS devices
Can someone break my anti DOM-based XSS javascript function?
How to secure a website against a ping of death attack?
What are the vulnerabilities of VOIP-specific security protocols?
What technical reasons are there to have low maximum password lengths?
NTLMv2 resistance to bruteforcing
Should a full disk encrypted hard drive on a live system be considered encryption at rest?
user/pass auth vs hmac signed for REST API
How to find bugs/ vulnerabilities in web apps/sites?
Is BackTrack 5 really the best OS to have in IT Security?
Why use random salts?
bypass a regex filtration to perform an xss attack
Is it ok to cut some digits from the front-face of a credit/debit card?
When hashing passwords, is it ok to use the hashed password as the salt?
How dangerous are direct references to database keys?
Is it safe to reinstall Windows without first decrypting the whole drive?
Force all user processes to be ptraced
Sharing encrypted data
Why improvising your own Hash function out of existing hash functions is so bad
BOTs C&C channels
Canvas and Firefox
Use brute force to mitigate brute force
SSL Encryption (for HTTPs) & Security vs Performance
Security of data distributed to different cloud providers
DNS Amplification DDOS attack
Why do you need message authentication in addition to encryption?
Using SSL on my sites for everything or just some things?
Voice Call Safety
Linux forensics questions (ssh config, user activity)
Is there a spam storm?
What do I need to do to secure log-in and registration for my website?
Will using external OAuth providers for authentication protect users better than custom authentication?
VPN using SmartPhone Location
How Do I find Out the Username And Password Of Wifi Windows 7?
Securing USB flash drive on linux
find hardware and OS specs on routers
How to stop a (malicious) endless loop
Why is application crash considered insecure?
How much are security tools audited?
Is this Scenario Exploitable?
How to whitelist an Amazon ELB in a(ny) firewall?
Password and Generated number - How does it work?
How secure is Integrated Windows Authentication for IIS SMTP?
Can a good SSO protocol be built around a server signing tickets rather than validating them on demand?
SQL Injection - MSSQL
Is this fprintf statement potentially vulnerable?
Does prepending "http://" to a user-provided string yield a safe-to-use URL?
How general should a vulnerability be to be eligible for a CVE?
Man-in-the-middle scenario for TLS
How does LSA authentication on Windows work?
isaac random number generator and the type of encryption it is used for (game packet encryption)?
Need a software that can monitor and log network traffic of installed applications
Following redirects from HTTPS to HTTP - Secure?
What does this injected code do?
What is the origin of the three factors of authentication?
PINsentry PRNG and Bank Cards
opening up Active directory to cloud services?
Using SSL Certification in Multiple Locations
How do I build a secure signing mechanism on top of HMAC
Strong encryption for base64 encoded public key in Android
Is there a public database of mutex names that are associated with malware?
What typically is the expiration date of a session cookie?
What devices/types of devices typically have unique associated ID numbers?
I have a client that is worried about DDOS attacks on their site, and they want penetration testing. Will that help?
Why a web server HTTPS certificate can't sign its subdomain HTTPS certificates?
Preventing Voter Fraud on a Social Media Contest
Is it the default in billing systems to send out the users password by email?
Prevent unauthorized workstations from joining a Windows Domain
3DES with fixed-encoded random key
For a Broker/Dealer, what technology is appropriate to limit transaction to a given state?
XSS MySQL Database Accessible?
What are the security threats of zip file uploads and what preventive actions should be taken?
Drawbacks of storing an authentication token on the client side?
Client authentication vs. user authentication
Looking for general guidance on securing web API application for client applications and users
Are secret URLs secure over HTTPS?
SQL Injection - UNION SELECT and returning a 'keyword' to find exploitable columns
Will encrypting the same file with GnuPG and the same key produce the same ciphertext?
Online banking proof of transaction for vertification in court
Expanding/Inverse Hash function
Accessing hidden partitons
Encrypting short identifiers?
SANS Forensic Course -worth it?
rancid like tool for config files
Security seals and the "perception of safety"?
Why are UNIX-like ACLs not a form of MAC
The importance of changing DNS when Using Antifiltering software
Is it compulsory to have https on e-commerce site?
Handling passwords in a web application
Extract cookies from pcap
Can one reliably show HTTPS status in browser (not just the lock in the URL bar)?
DDoS - Impossible to stop?
I need a good cryptography algorithm that can be encoded and decoded
Why isn't AV software configured to recognize installed program vulnerabilities?
SSL Cert Types and Key Usage
Getting exploit reliability when using the off by one framepointer overwrite on linux
Removable FireWire port blocks
Any tool for scanning vulnerabilities in browser extensions?
GET vs POST, which is more secure?
Server root attack?
Getting credentials using proxy server
Protecting against cross-subdomain cookie attacks
SAML2 vs. OAuth - What are some reasonable relationships?
How does hashing work?
Distributing API Keys to Mobile Apps
SYN scan, determining scan vs large file upload
SYN scan, TCP packet question
Prevent request forgery attack
SYN scan victim sending back RST
Why is S/MIME (instead of PGP) recommended for such an scenario?
Why do browsers allow public websites to attack intranet sites?
Decoding SMS in Chinese extracted from a Blackberry
Mark parts of strings as unsafe?
OTR and/or SecureIM library for C# .NET
how malware is added to android app
SQL Injection: Drop All Tables
Preventing a spoofing man in the middle attack?
Computing entropy for a passphrase ( minimal word length ... )
Securely store two values per user in SQL
Generate openSSL certificates from within C code using commands?
WPS vulnerability scanning for handshakes to detect the attack
Is leaking the hash of your encryption key a security risk?
COMMUNITY SIP TCP/IP message flooding directed to SIP proxy
Use additional "password" in Referer to hide private site?
SSL: How to send generated client certificate from server to avoid MITM?
Is there additional security value in using passwords with words or phrases in non-English languages?
Hardening JRE deployment - webjava
Man-in-the-middle Blue Coat proxy SSL or what?
What are the TCP/UDP ports used by torrent applications?
Is interpreted malware easier to detect than compiled malware?
What are the parameters to be logged in a web application?
Is there a secure way to have a publicly facing terminal server?
Does excluding username letters from passwords increase security?
How a DOS TCP packet different from normal Packet?
I found a virus on my USB stick. Now what?
Approaching a steganalysis challenge
Self signed certificates for https
Implication of URL injection in an URL shortener service
How can I protect my internet-connected devices from discovery by Shodan?
Is it possible to "protect" against MITM attacks over HTTP?
Protect against attack that modifies .htaccess?
What does having an internal two-tier PKI protect against?
The security of sending emails with SPF/DKIM, but not signed
How does VTP authentication prevent unauthorized access (Can the password be cracked given captured packets)
For TLS how to instruct IIS 7 to include Intermediate CAs to be included in the Certificate Request frame?
How to hide local network traffic on my computer?
How can I allow local pop3 but enforce remote pop3s on my ubuntu/postfix/dovecot OS/MTA/MDA
Using OpenSSL as a library versus calling output from standalone command in a program being written
Segregation of Duties of 3 tier Applications
Should web sites disable form autocomplete on all forms?
What is the value in asking for a second password for sensitive operations?
What's the most secure technique for authenticating user in a website?
Is there a way to bypass Django's XSS escaping with "unicode"?
Does the HMAC of symmetric key revealed weakens the encryption?
Is it illegal to test a website and report the security bugs to them?
Why have username AND password?
What rules should be enforced for users to create a strong password?
Picking exponents for Diffie-Hellman
Does ciphersuite ECDH / ECDHE need hardware acceleration
Can't figure out how to get rid of Snap.do
Finding spam sending scripts?
What bad coding practices makes a browser extension vulnerable?
Is there a way to encrypt an existing ext4 filesystem with already data on it?
Bypass va_randomize_space and stack-protector
SQL Injection - Automating the fingerprinting of the DBMS
BEAST mitigation on a Cisco ACE 4710 load balancer
Was DSA invented from RSA?
How does a function certificate work?
Is it possible that my home router is preventing my ARP poisoning attack?
Is it possible for someone to send a spoofed text message via iMessage to my iPhone4?
Why regenerating a password's hash?
PIV or GIDS compatible token availability
What are good tools for CRLF discovery?
Microsoft Office 2013 File Encryption
Privacy violation even when queries with too few results are rejected
Cryptography Online Education
Basic Authentication with WebAPI and HTML/JS Client?
How can I identify / discover files hidden with ADS?
How is "hacking" even possible if I "defend" properly?
Benefits of Content Security Policy
Security Practices by Employees in a Corporate Environment
Automated scanning of personal email
How to secure SSH such that multiple users can log in to one account?
What SSL options should not be used?
Is it possible to get the encryption key when you have the plaintext?
Using 'sudo vim' to spawn a shell
What is the notion challenge in authetication?
What does GUID have, that a Whirlpool, MD5 or SHA-2 hash don't?
Why should I use the VPN?
Botnet Attempting to Login to Website
openssl EVP_aes_256_gcm - what's inside?
How do I ensure that a VPS host will keep my information private?
User privileges for unsanatized code
SHA256 security: what does it mean that attacks have broken "46 of the 60 rounds of SHA256"?
Client code tampering detection
Secure login system - using sessions?
What is Virtual Machine Introspection?
Best practice for securing user credentials once they reach the server using Basic Auth + SSL
how can you inject malicious code into an innocent-looking URL?
Is OpenSSL AES GCM standardized?
Two-factor authentication with ssh key authentication and yubikey?
Avoiding direct object references
secure certain data on my webserver
What keeps Facebook information safe from botnets and infected computers?
Why can't the police/government shut down black market websites?
How to manage team passwords?
Stopping DDOS TCP SYN and UDP flood attacks
Encrypt then checksum or vice versa?
Offline registry analysis - Hardware info?
Remote System Administration of an Encryption-Switch-Encrypted Infrastructure
Can DD on its own be used to acquire a hard drive?
DoSing my Home Network with only a Public IP address
Aviation security - Lessons to learn from PlaneSploit
Make online payments anonymously?
Vulnerable code suggested on OWASP?
With full access to the disk of an IIS web server, could you access the database server?
Exploited by newbie3viLc063s
SELinux and text relocations exploitability
Question about HTTPS
Is it possible to catch a virus on my LAN without clicking on anything?
CSRF protection - 'back pages'
Is it better to choose a single vendor or multiple vendors
What are the ways to implement two factor authentication?
Redirect attack
Dataflow diagram - how far do I need to drill down?
How non-executable are implemented?
Identifying strange Perl CGI script
With ASIC bitcoin miners, should SHA256 be considered insecure for password hashing?
How to encrypt packets in network?
RECon 2012 and before
how can an attacker use a fake temp file to compromise a program?
What is the distinguishing point between a script kiddie and a hacker?
What are security implications of enabling access to performance counters on ARM Cortex A9?
IIS 7.5 impersonation threat?
Signing a browser extension
Integrity check against package repository?
What is the difference between Exploit and Payload?
The best ways to persist the license client information in the database
TCP Sequence Prediction and it's prominence in modern systems/networks
Sharing Nmap scan results in a web page
how can my bank have a wrong phone number entered with my personal account information?
Bypassing Web Application input validation
Ingress and Pokémon GO collect a lot of data - what impact could this have on my privacy or security?
How do random attackers discover websites to target?
Automatic router admin password change
Using a Web Server to steal NTLM credentials
User Authentication API
Security concerns with malicious NFC tags?
How can i deal with management who want 'Domain Admin' access?
Should the requirement of admin privileges be extended?
Understanding what bot was used for a Botnet attack
Using MD5 for file integrity checks?
Authentication concept for sites served to another site
Is Using MD5 Sufficient Reason to Reject This Payment Processor?
How to increase VoIP call security?
WAF SQL evasion using HPF technique
How can police find out about criminal activity on an iPod Touch?
What are the risk implications of not verifying referer header on login form?
Can Skype chat be protected from snooping? Are there safe alternatives?
Are there any cross platform firewall solutions with a central management platform?
Spam that comes from names in my address book, but not their email addresses
multiple hash values in a single malware file
Is it appropriate to use haveged as a source of entropy on virtual machines?
What service could penetrate my Firewall via UDP on Port 17275?
What's an attack's 'computational complexity'?
How to use information from GHDB and FSDB (Google-Dorks)?
How was this token decoded?
How can Antivirus differentiate between a Trojan and a normal remote desktop application software?
Vulnerability by leaving an open port in a pc
How to hack a switch connected network with static ARP?
Using / finding covert channels in inter-process communication
ECC in (Open)PGP
Organization like OWASP for network security?
SSH Protocol classification version exchange messages
How to hide victim pop-up in clickjacking?
TrueCrypt External Multimedia Hard Drive
Could you attack a port without knowing what service was listening?
How to you manually decrypt a SOAP message using openssl?
Is there any sense in using two-step authentication for personal email address?
External network DNS spoofing
how secure is passwordcard.org?
How do I make or get computer certificates to use with IPSEC user authentication on Windows?
Isolating database? Is it possible?
Why is the server returning 3 SYN + ACK packets during a SYN scan?
If someone steals my laptop while I'm logged in, how can I protect my browser?
Can robots.txt for your face be made effective?
Unencrypted data over Magnetic Card Reader. What are the security risks?
Secure yet reversible encryption for local data store
In the Clark Wilson models, why can't the TPs be executed in parallel?
SPAM postscript
how to identify plain text from cipher
Security difference in wardriving open network versus monitoring traffic on a network to which I am authenticated
Are latency based Proof-of-Work systems capable of preventing DDoS attacks on popular hidden tor services (.onion websites)?
Measuring SNR to detect jammers in Wi-Fi networks
Size of ECDH-P521R1 Private Keys
Message ID and Real IP of the email sender
How to Block a url not a website
Webapp2 security
What should be backedup periodically?
Is there any SQL injection for this PHP login example?
how is BAT_VOBFUS (or similar) dangerous?
IPSec AH + ESP used together
How to find IP Addresses that have been attacking my Computer Ports ?
How to use NMap to portscan a SonicWall that is blocking all attemtps?
Facebook Login for Intranet
What is the disadvantage of using spoofing protected version of ARP protocol
Switching to new encryption method (without losing data?)
"Please Enter Nth Character" without HSM
Truly deniable encryption
How can I circumvent the lack of Java updates?
Does password-protecting a server's BIOS help in securing sensitive data?
Truecrypt - One keyfile multiple passwords
How Secure are Authenticity Token in Rails
How can browser select suggestions for my private searches?
Barracuda antispam access to active directory in dmz : opening port or not?
How can JavaScript be tampered with while viewing a web page?
Enable RDP for internal network only
How do I make SQL injection harder but not impossible?
What are good free opensource tools for helping in manual source code reviews?
Is there any public information on audited Java open source projects?
What manufacturers create OATH HOTP cards now that InCard Technologies is no longer in business?
Remote File Injection in ARGS blocking form updating database
krb5 and pam_mount
Is it possible to configure any of wifi protocols so that the network is undetectable?
Encryption of headers in IPsec tunnel mode
what is a security association and how does it relate to ipsec?
Are there any serious problems with this method for generating single-use tokens?
Do telecom operators listen to every phone calls
How WEP/WPA authentication works in a WiFi environment?
Is there any security threat with open WiFi connection?
How to select secret identifier?
Creation and deployment of self-signed certificates for a two-machine scenario
How to add wildcards to snort rule ip address?
Has a HTTP server access to SSL session ID?
Checking client hello for https classification
How to identify the Java program that is maliciously accessing my web site from many client addresses?
SQL Injection - Extracting database data from the page content
OpenSSL vs FIPS enabled OpenSSL
If SSL encrypts urls, then how are https messages routed?
Truncating the output of SHA256 to 128 bits
are organizations that receive certificates considered "end entities" in a PKI?
What's a good fuzzing framework for fuzzing a local standalone application?
How safe is Tor from MITM/snooping attacks?
Possibility of SQL injection on table name that filters backticks?
Dom xss posibility question?
Mitigating the loss of a mobile phone used for second-factor login
How large RSA-keys could the worlds combined computer power factorize in reasonable time?
Why clients offer handshaking with SSL 2.0 protocol
What are the valid characters which can be present in a session ID [can it have spaces]
Authenticating a ciphertext
Is it safe to log into my bank website over a public wifi?
Candidate authentication in large scale assessment
The request was aborted: Could not create SSL/TLS secure channel Exception
How to specify a Snort rule connection duration?
PCI 3.6.6 cryptographic key procedures include split knowledge
Security Scanning for Desktop Applications
Do Mobile Device Management solutions provide a mechanism for an internal website to know what kind of device is connecting?
Working from many places <-> being able to restrict SSH access to server to IP range
How to determine hashes/second in password cryptanalysis
Filehosting - Malicious or not?
How web browser can shutdown computer
I work on an open source project. Is there a "standard" to reporting security vulnerabilities that we can use?
Security precautions for shared iPads in a customer facing corporate environment
How should this system be protected from ARP spoofing?
Is it safe to allow users multiple login at different browsers & computers?
Why a symmetric key for HMAC?
Odd user registered and strange behavior. Is it sinister?
Configure SSL Mutual (Two-way) Authentication
Prevent DOS against RSA authentication
Does there exist software that will scan a filesystem for possible files containing PHI?
A practical .NET Remoting Architecture exploit
How can I find the source of traffic allegedly originating from my IP address?
Is the GTK or MIC in the unencrypted portion of a WPA protected frame?
A customers site had a big mysql injection attack on it, just want to learn from it
What is the actual value of disabling remote root login using ssh?
Will "upgrading" www-data user open up known security issues?
Securely notify users about account changes
Security Certificates - Tools to Generate Security Certificates
Hash extension(padding) attack
Sending Digital Certificates
Clarification on Digital Certificates
"You have new mail" message
Is ECDSA breakable by quantum computers?
Any browser that supports script-nonce?
Best option to fuzz a C Network Program
What are the practical uses of large asymmetric keys?
Are there any uses of having a non-deterministic salt value for hashes?
How are large tech sites such as LivingSocial, Zappos, LinkedIn and Evernote hacked?
Should cookies that contain non sensitive information be encrypted?
Web & insecure HTTP - Using RSA for encrypting passwords on the client side
Spoofed DDoS mitigation / DNS amplification mitigation
Are there any situations when one can only mount a passive MITM?
Asymmetric encryption algorithms
Is there any malicious reason to block CRLs?
What's the rationale behind Ctrl-Alt-Del for login
Determine the Identity of Caller
Symmetric Key Cryptography vs Public Key Cryptography
How often should passwords change?
What is a man in the middle attack?
SSL Communication and Proxy
Lessen impact of DoS attack on cpu-expensive login?
Why are lengthy passwords stronger than complex ones?
RSA Possible Vulnerability?
Safe to reply to a suspicious email?
How to securely audit passwords using John the Ripper
How long will it take to crack a 10-15 character winrar password?
Does HTTPS Encrypt PHP Arguments?
.JPEG File upload shell via EXIF comments
TrueCrypt and Keyfiles hidden among 500,000 other .pdf files
Is an encrypted connection to MS-SQL Server really safe?
What are the risks of a localhost signed cerificate?
Different performance of openssl speed on the same hardware with AES 256 (EVP and non EVP API)
Windows Phone and Hardcoding Values
How to Verify the Identity of the Caller of a Web Service
Does hash solve passwords in parts?
Create additional database in server using sql injection
Avoiding Brute Force Attacks in a Web Based Login Form
Do users of non-latin character languages suffer from spyware and trojans?
Breaking into your own systems
Is stripping out < and > characters an effective way of preventing XSS?
User Groups (Circles) Inside a Web of Trust
How good is validating source with request.referer than checksum?
How does an end user differentiate between OV and DV certificates?
How can I find subdomains of a site?
How secure is wiping an encrypted Android device?
Does the ability for a user to choose the value of a session id cookie constitute a security flaw?
Security of Javascript in mobile browsers
Web application security standards/certificates
Can anyone determine what kind of encryption this is?
PHP - Serializing user inputs
How does an offline CA revoke certificates?
How to allow only the public key owner to submit requests to my site? And what is this type of security called?
A standard way to manually add a digital signature to a pdf file?
Masking password when typing vs hiding input when typing
Why one time passwords using nested hash chain are not used?
How do proxy servers sniff data?
Can Penetration Testing be considered as a part of a Vulnerability Management Program?
How is the TLS protected against length field of the header being modified?
How does Google Authenticator work?
Is publishing your public IP address a security threat?
How to interpret specific NIST 800-57 cryptoperiod advice?
How to know what domains other clients visit if I have no access to the router?
Do email clients reduce security?
Allow embedded videos while keeping youtube blocked
Online Payment Gateway Requirements
Are these two ways safe?
Security / logging on a Xen-based VPS instance?
Reconstructing bittorrent data from PCAP
Getting strange texts to an iPhone #PWD123456#00X
High-frequency noise deterrents
How secure is my private key in the Windows Digital Certificate store?
What access does UK Police currently have to ISP logs, and what information can said logs provide?
Encrypting using AES 256, do I need IV?
How to remote monitor a computer network traffic?
Relationship between penetration testing and false positive results
Why is RSA using fixed point type numbers?
How to figure out if someone has been using TeamViewer 8 to access my computer when I was not here?
Is the execution time for bcrypt independent of the length of the input string?
How to effectively save database password inside desktop application?
US Department of Labor Watering Hole Attack
Is there a way to get Tor "for free"? (free as in time, not money)
Do the new instruction sets found on Intel's Haswell Architecture make any difference in cryptographic operations?
Self Tests for cPanel Server PCI Compliance
Company computer use from home - how much can they see on the desktop?
HMACSHA512 versus Rfc2898DeriveBytes for password hash
Example of malware that spreads via USB?
The safest way to circumventing Iran's Internet censorship
Is access to the caller API in mobile phones a real security threat?
Could a password hash that's prone to more collisions provide better overall security?
How can a DoS attack be used as part of the 'Gaining Access' phase of a hack?
Why would a website allow answers to security questions to be used interchangeably?
Database encryption or filesystem encryption?
I'm being followed on the web. Explanations for mysterious behavior
Bruteforce on 10 characters length WPA2 password
How do you evaluate and audit Central Authentication Service (CAS)?
Is IP Forwarding a risk by itself?
Blocking network access to host(s) at the kernel level in Linux?
Confidentiality without Encryption - A way to circumvent Internet censorship
Send credentials by sms
How to camouflage at the best on internet?
How to camouflage the IP packages in a Home share wireless router?
How to protect source code that resides on virtualbox web server which starts at boot?
How can I stop this DOS attack?
which certification course should I choose?
Stopping js malware injection on our Wordpress site
What is the difference between a Gateway and a Firewall?
Open DNS Dynamic and Static IP
Cleartext password in HTML
Configure Wireshark to capture preformatted data from pseudo-device
Resources/materials for implementing secure web services?
Full-disk encryption and theft mitigation?
how to monitor a Wifi (802.11) network?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of different types of motion sensors?
Unable to get rid of Sality on my Dropbox
Backup media storage strategy
A filesystem with chunks hidden all over the internet?
Penetration testing Windows Phone 8 apps w/o source
How to make sandbox-only internet access?
Are phone calls on a GSM network encrypted?
Snort/IDS detect and alert on possible DoS/DDoS attack?
What is the collision chance of a 128-bit hashing function if it is always fed with 256-bits of data?
Help in understanding an application's crash - exploitable?
Is it okay to reveal database's table names?
What are the tradeoffs in allowing logouts of other logged-in sessions?
Do the Owncloud clients use encryption when transferring files to and from the server?
Security Onion: Snorby alerts show all local network source IP (public and private)
How can Bank of America tell that I'm logging in on a computer I haven't used with them before?
Random connections to meterpreter reverse tcp listener
Using Tor from behind a Proxy (like Burp Suite)
Alternative to VPN
Safe to connect to external drive?
Securing a network attached storage on the internet
VCS to manipulate returned trees to prevent leaks?
Is it advisable to fully record terminal interaction for incident response?
Security Testing AngularJS Web Application
Does prompting for security questions on new computers add any security on banking websites?
Filtering In Iran
Man in the middle attacks for Out of band Authentication
How does a firewall help to protect a server?
Simple and secure remote installation method that accepts input via a web page?
Recognizing PGP-encrypted disks
How to encrypt data on the server?
HTTPS firewall rule
Is there any particular reason to use Diffie-Hellman over RSA for key exchange?
Do honeywords add any real security?
ROP Gadgets from executables?
IPSec, hubs, crypto maps
Is it possible for a hacker to download a php file without executing it first?
Does escaping quotes protect me from SQL injection?
How can I implement authentication in my proxy server?
Android soft keyboard architecture
Don't allow access to phpmyadmin page over the network? XAMPP Windows
Can clients execute my python CGI at will?
Generic defense againt SQL injection
Implications of using domain\computername$ account to serve SQL data to IIS
Is salting a hash really as secure as common knowledge implies?
Per-transfer authorization of file transfers on a per transaction basis
Using JTR to crack Skype Passwords
Should I enforce a password policy on a web site?
CAPTCHA Weakness to Automated Attack
When salting and hashing passwords, any advantage to including password length?
What's a secure firewall rules using UFW?
Is writing shellcode still a valid skill to have/learn?
Security of viewing a website containing Java applets offline
What precaustions should be taken when the file displayed by a webpage is specified by the GET value
how does a reflection attack work?
Two-way secure communication using two pairs of public/private keys?
What's the difference between an application-level and circuit-level gateway?
Failed PCI-DSS Compliance | Submitting Evidence
If a hacker gets into my PC can he get to my saved windows live mail passwords?
Password list generation
How to handle two sets of OpenID credentials providing the same information, on the same or different OpenID providers?
Responsible Disclosures and Getting Sued
Linux Runtime Memory protection
Hacker problems - They stole my backups
Good Password Length
Can a firewall tamper with email attachments?
What are the security risks of pirating video or music?
Standard algorithm for WEP key generator 64-bit
Intel How Strong is Your Password page, good advice?
Prove that you deleted the file
Pronounceable Password Generator
Is OpenGL a security problem?
Is showing your IP address in the URL a bad practice?
Decrypting TLS in Wireshark when using DHE_RSA ciphersuites
Are there any Windows permissions management applications?
Can you tell if your computer was hacked and pictures stolen from 2-6 months ago?
Eavesdropping a communication between a local application and the network
Somehow unexpectedly my computer got infected with malware
Forensics after web server compromise
Is it okay to sign a PGP key without an IRL meeting?
Does Disabling Right Click In Windows Explorer Do Anything?
MPPE-Send and Receive key derivation from MS-CHAPv2
Who to assign read/write access rights for a single-user application to run correctly?
Password storing in Google Chrome content scripts
Is this Data Encryption/Storage Method Secure?
What is the difference between serial number and thumbprint?
Does ssh-keyscan tell you if a server supports RSA or DSA keys?
Security of web services (REST & SOAP)
Technical security issues with proactively executing a phishing campaign targeting your own users
Can a cracked antivrus software do the job?
Securing Downloadable Files on Website Per User
Protecting Password Hashes with Stored Procedures?
any reason not to run tmux/wemux on a bastion host?
Can I safely use an encrypted URL parameter for the session id?
security implications of Java's System.load vs System.loadLibrary
Overwriting hard drive to securely delete a file?
What is the danger of the "FTP RNFR ././ attempt"?
Does compromise of one cPanel / WHM account on a server mean the other accounts are at risk?
How can I punish a hacker?
XSS via Unicode
Where can I find a vulnerable operating system to practice pentests on?
XSS: Parsing Javascript
RFC 6637: Algorithm-Specific Fields for ECDH
Disk Erasing Security - Odd Number of Writes
How can I block an IP, if I'm getting many http requests in a second?
Type 2 XSS vs CSRF
Why is WPA Enterprise more secure than WPA2?
Activation Protection Technologies in Windows 8
Vulnerability of the open port
What are some signs that a certain degree in information security will be a quality one?
User Account Control and outside processes
Can particular object be detected and extracted from RAM?
sql injection, exec and preg_replace filter
How are IP addresses traced?
Homomorphic encryption used for e-voting?
Web GUI for Snort + ModSecurity
Are password-protected ZIP files secure?
Making undeterminable containers inside existing file system
Obfuscating JavaScript code
Does versioning an encrypted file make it less secure?
Multiple SSL connections in a single HTTPS web request
Cascading Encryption Algorithm using mcrypt or GnuGP
Virus with PGP Encryption Preventing Virus Scan
How can I send and receive untraceable emails?
Why isn't open WiFi encrypted?
Does IPSec use IKE or ISAKMP?
CSRF protection with Session Id
What kind of attack was this?
Salting in encryption (rather than hashing)
How secure are iPhone/Android/Windows 8 "PIN"/Pattern Lock features?
Database connection from front end
Securing my firewall (both dedicated and iptables-based)
Source where you can find if a CVE has a patch or not
Bruteforce Passphrase of Dictionary Words
Wireshark Decode HTTPS Root Certificate
Nessus HTML5 version 5.0.3 - PCI Scan
Are CSRF Attacks Really Blind
Security test lab setup
Data needed for why not to load third party JavaScript on web page with credit card form
How can I spoof the Mimetype of a file upload?
Tools to extract code comments from sites?
Block unauthorized user from getting access to intranet
Certificate authentication with jQuery's ajax() function
How can I find the malicious/backdoor codes without knowing the last modified date?
What does the question mark in nmap output indicate?
Is it possible to write shellcode in C++?
Designing a Sandbox for Windows
Unsolicited Password Request from Facebook
Password Verification Server
Session Cookie Stealing Protection
Hack a LAN with low security
Malicious Links that Respond to Browsers but not curl or wget
w3af plugin development example
Plain Text Password Reset Vulnerability
Vim Modeline Vulnerabilities
How to secure a script that generates an HTML file from other websites?
Shared vs unique credentials for remote support vendor accounts
Touch Screen Password Guessing by Fingerprint Trace
Does glibc2 version of the crypt function still use DES for alternative hashing methods?
Backup schedule for Encryption Keys
Commonly observed attack patterns modelled in Honeypot configurations
Starting point for Mobile Device Security particularly in a MDM setting?
Vulnerability testing without the use of exploits?
Security comparisons between two approaches: how to distinguish FUD from Substance?
How was Lulzsec caught?
How does YouTube prevent automatic piracy?
AppEngine Sandbox
Security differences between Passive and Active RFID tags
Use Client Certificate using Self Signed CA while using Web Certificate of a publicly trusted CA
What can be used to keep xp_CmdShell in SQL Server disabled?
What is inside a Kerberos TGT ticket?
Security concept
How to avoid scripts with hardcoded password?
Install Metasploit under Cygwin?
How can I crack ArrayOS password
Application to monitor software activities
SAM Card deployment best practice
Force SSL/TLS client cert authentication even if server does not request it?
Trying to firewall ports 1863, 5190
Executing arbitrary commands through iptables-restore input
What is the difference between Key Escrow and a Recovery Agent?
Isolating Web application hosted on same web server
How secure is using CRAM-MD5 for email authentication, when not using an SSL connection?
Do SSD's offer significant performance boost for Scrypt?
Change 'Key Usage' of a certificate
Why can't we block DNS Amplification attack by blocking UDP packets or DNS response packet?
Detecting skimmers and other ATM traps
How to prevent restrict access to a web application to authorized devices only?
Is it safer to store the XSRF value inside your JavaScript?
Login with a hash. Is this secure enough?
What do web trackers know about/think of me?
User entered Javascript security implications
Do WebSocket-powered web apps (e.g. "comet" apps) have to worry about CSRF?
Can a Windows phone be traced without a SIM and the battery?
How can I verify the identity of a US | UK -based person and prevent *fake identities* from being accepted?
'Trusted CA Certificates' and 'Trusted remote Certificates'
Known plaintext; What cipher is being used here?
What triggers a firewall to block a TCP socket?
Is cookie-based XSS exploitable?
"Friend" stole SD card. Tracing an SD card?
How to secure application VM?
How to find live hosts on my network?
Using EnCase to recover InPrivate browsing history
Can Windows 7 hibernation files be recovered?
Looking for safe, simple way to store passwords with PHP 5.2.17
Is KeePass a good defense against keyloggers?
What about AD2P vulnerability?
What cellular network is used for automobile theft recovery? Can that be used for PCs and mobile devices?
Validate XML-DSig by DVCS
What is the entropy of just 1 Diceware passphrase like my passphrase?
SSH says Authentication tried for XX with correct key but not from a permitted host
Routable Domain for DC?
Considerations for information exchange agreement between governmental agencies
How to allow only some specific computer systems to access website?
Is there a dictionary of visibly similar Unicode characters for Spam processing?
Free space shredding
If a hacker is on the same Wifi Network as I am, what can he do?
Can attacker break out of apparmor jail with the following profile?
Secure way to establish PHP database connections
How to make a site vulnerable to SQLi?
Ways to look for changes on a PC
How to know if two IP addresses point to the same web server?
Can't connect to network after spoofing a MAC address
Force clients to use proxy
Identify code being run on website
Storing config securely in a semi trusted shared hosting environment
SQLite database iPhone data
Tor detection in network
Bridge Exploit of Network Multi-function Print/Fax Devices
Why do a lot of Android apps (like Linkedin) require many unrelated privileges?
POC of a Java exploit using leftover JREs
Store username in cookie for a web site
Is a full backup the quickest or the longest on restoring
Becoming a malware analyst?
iPhone\Network Security
Is "non-repudiation" automatically proven, given the other three tenets of info security?
Does providing OAuth for mobile apps pose a security threat?
Why standards organizations give so short protection times for 128 bit encryption?
Decrypt from cipher text encrypted using RSA
Protect java WEB application inside the server(against reverse engineering)
Best source(s) for security related news?
Can attackers steal SSL certificate from server and use it for MITM attacks?
Brute-Force GPU Password Crackers
Does it make sense to hash a session id before passing it to an advertisement partner?
PDF files on webserver file system
PKI integration in MAC OS
Definitions of computer forensics and information security
What are the tradeoffs in cost, effort, and value in moving a database server to a virtualized DMZ environment?
Is it possible to encrypt a virtual machine using virtualbox?
What is the better way to share files between a server in DMZ and a server in the internal network?
Reason for writing Self-Decrypting Virus
AES in CTR mode with same random IV to create same ciphertext
WPA2 audit tool
Reseting my computer to uninstall LogKext
Security implications of an exploited router
How can a website find my real IP address while I'm behind a proxy?
Pen Testing ASP.NET application with Backtrack
How do I obtain user info from SET?
Enforcing personal firewall for OS X
How can I view the NTFS $MFT using correct field names?
IMG tag vulnerability
Is TextKey SMS 2 factor authentication secure against cell phone cloning?
Estimated cost to make a brute-force WPA2 attack feasible
How long does it take after a card is skimmed (unknowingly) at an ATM for the thief to be able to steal cash from the account?
CentOS - Local privilege escalation - CVE-2012-0056
Remote network security option
How does ASCII-Armoring help to prevent buffer-overflow attacks?
How can using a VPN increase network speed?
CSRF protection and Single Page Apps
“Official statement” on php.net : CRYPT_BLOWFISH is strongest hash algorithm. Why?
Understanding JVM zero day in relationship with other runtimes
Virus affecting MS Office files
Enforcing software expiration on virtual machines
Does the md5 (or any hash for that matter) of a string include the null terminator?
Malware persistence past a drive wipe?
Is it safe to have a DNS record pointing to 127.0.0.1?
Why do we allow SSL certificates to be replaced before their expiry date, without revokation of others?
Is AES more secure than Rijndael?
Why is it hard to prevent scalpers from using bots to buy up lots of concert tickets?
Interpreted VS Compiled web frameworks and trust
What is the best place to put my IDS network sensor?
What is the security purpose behind the "enable editing" of MS Word?
the Informix password crack
What simple security considerations can I / should I make for a read-only API?
How can I determine the encryption used by knowing input and result?
Exploiting PHP via GET params
Out-of-the-box Network Intrusion Appliance for non-Power User
How do I block LinkedIn from extracting data from Microsoft Exchange Server?
How secure is the Windows event log, and how is it secured?
How do I verify versions of Adobe?
How can I better protect my LAN from Internet Hackers
Why can a Tor exit node decrypt data, but not the entry node?
Best practices for integrating external javascript?
Malicious script analysis
Is my computer being hacked? How can wireshark reveal if I am being hacked?
Can a website still detect my real MAC address even if I use different virtual machine each time I visit the website?
Can linux (be made to) detect foreign connections to the ram bus?
How I can prove that SSH attacks are not from my application?
How actually is Tor hidden service hidden from public?
Could my bank's two-factor authentication be hacked?
How is an HTTPS login secure when pages use HTTP?
What kind of security injection are these traces of, SQL, javascript, or otherwise?
What attacks, if any, are possible against Security Support Provider Interface (SSPI)?
Security benefits of Single Sign-On
Cross Site Scripting without special chars
How to use public key in ~/.ssh for asymmetrical encryption with OpenSSL
Can unencrypted keys & logins be kept out of program memory?
Where can I find a list of Indicators of Compromise (IOC) conditions?
Does disabling .htaccess improve security?
Do keyfiles actually add any meaningful security in the presence of strong passwords?
Is Taking advantage of the IsNumeric() Function In VB.Net Through SQL Injection Possible?
Where else is IPSec used, besides with VPNs?
Criteria for Selecting an HSM
Do I need logging enabled in my rules in IPFW for sshguard-ipfw to work/blacklist ip's?
Does Chrome OS Allow Executable Files?
CSRF Token in GET request
Shutdown: Clear virtual memory pagefile
Router password vs MAC filtering?
Why are Certificate Revocation List periodically renewed?
Once VPN is unplugged can work still monitor?
Is there any good reason not to salt/hash passwords you store?
Why does this XSS vector work in svg but not in HTML?
Can I properly make password-protected 7z archives secure?
Should magnetic locks automatically release in the event of a fire alarm?
What are the vulnerabilities of reusing passwords for generation of keys and encrypted files?
Does storing your files as single compressed archives compromise integrity?
How do some sites detect AdBlock Plus?
Motorola Human Authentication Pill/Vitamin Security?
Can a hard drive be destroyed by drowning?
Can the use of GPS devices leak personal identifiable information?
Should I escape numbers in Django?
Can your Windows or Linux username be exposed to websites?
File shares from a DMZ into an internal network
How do you search for new vulnerabilities?
Terminology: authentication vs verification
Is "Fingerprint Check" enough to verify HTTPS certificates?
Designing single-sign-on with JSONP/CORS?
Do I really need an Anti-Virus software if I'm careful about where I browse?
Properties for cryptographic hash functions (preimage, second preimage and collision resistant)
Secure authentication cookie for web site
hide dhcp/ip request, traffic under lan router
Blackbox vs whitebox testing your own site?
Is it possible for users to insert forbidden characters into sites with htmlentities or mysqlescapestring?
Recover Server 2008 R2 Domain Admin Password
How CA ensures that a certificate request is coming from me?
Design of system based on HTTPS, Client Certificates and custom CA
Problem with Encryption Protocol
To-dos when taking over an existing webserver
Security consequence of Javascript hole in an online chat?
How to properly delete all data from cell phones?
How often is cryptography cracked in a pentest?
Is there a way to get OS X to start a VPN connection before allowing network traffic?
Website URL to point users to in order to "make a point" about security
How to stop/detect someone else registering a certificate for my domain
Is it worth following OWASP AppSensor for an open source web application?
Why should I hash passwords?
What is the difference between APSA and APSB?
How is a website determining my location even via VPN?
Is copying & pasting to the clipboard vulnerable to keyloggers? (CTRL+C and CTRL+V)
Reassemble sniffed packets
Is it possible to force a new SSL session
Should I put a potentially insecure program online?
Is it worth padding passwords?
How to make a website patch their poor security?
Is including a secret GUID in an URL Security Through Obscurity?
How does SQL injection work through URL?
Why store the password salt instead of generating it?
Obtaining e-mail address at registration
Force a subordinate CA cert to be signed to include a the CRL distribution point extension?
my websites got infected with a malware i cannot get any info on
Is it common for a One-Time-Password system to become unsynchronized?
Similar passwords can't be used again. A sign of unhashed password storage?
How secret are secret forums?
App uses html_safe method, possible issues
Client-side attacks with custom malware in penetration tests
Adding self signed certificate to trusted store
How can I monitor traffic of devices on my WiFi?
Verifying the authenticity of a public key without manual intervention?
How does websocket frame masking protect against cache poisoning?
What is the difference between SSL and X.509 Certificates?
How to MiTM insert an iframe using burp or another tool?
What are the statistics on how often client form submissions fail CAPTCHAs?
Android Encryption and USB Access
Preventing fraudulent access to restriced resource on the web?
What's the best route to watch network traffic on our networks?
Why are some ports reported as closed by nmap?
Is enabling PHP script execution on HTML document file extensions a security concern?
What are Non-linear/backward overwrites?
Is it possible to make a phone call appear to come from another phone, even to the network provider?
Is it safe to store password in HTML5 sessionStorage?
Connect to Mysql database from remote host without remote access
Is user password in ubuntu 13.04 in plain text?
User login monitoring tool
Extract SquashFS filesystem with shsq magic number
What's wrong with using AES directly/"raw"?
Random pages getting created on classic asp site
How to know, in Windows XP, if files were copied, deleted or moved from a pendrive?
How can I spoof a phone call and make it appear to come from another phone?
What are the requirements to sniff UDP packets in a Wireless Ad-Hoc network?
Where is my password stored on Windows 7?
Can I spoof IP addresses when attempting to brute force a login?
What is the difference between Promiscuous and Monitor Mode in Wireless Networks?
Can a captive portal be secured
Why is 8ms a goal for hashing?
Password and username used to connect to database in source code
Why does Hydra return 16 valid passwords when none are valid?
API message verification without storing private key?
Stateless REST API and secure server side password storage
How long does it take to crack a 100-letter long winrar password?
Multi-tenancy, SSL Certificates, and Subject Alternative Name
Secure information exchange between web applications using browser redirection
MITM and replay attacks prevention
Composition of passwords
Stack smashing protection, reordering variables
Where is my password stored on Linux?
Password on login idea
RSA vs PBKDF2 for password storage (theoretical)
Can botnets be injected through open wifi to smartphones?
What is connect() method in NScan?
What is the difference between an HTTPS traffic setup with Stunnel and a SSL-VPN
Is there a Skype plugin that uses TLS and ZRTP
What exactly is 'single' mode in John the Ripper doing?
What are the implications of NSA surveillance on the average internet user?
I'm an IT consultant. Should I discourage a client from telling me his password?
Would using Websockets cause PCI compliance failure?
Bot detection ideas [php]
User specified iteration count
WordPress Hacked - Found a suspicious "class-wp-style-table.php"
How can a server recover from its secret key stolen?
Track an Android phone through its IMEI
What makes a SQL Injection count as blind injection?
Authenticating users on offline devices such as ipad
How does Google detect new devices for two factor authentication
How secure is using a blank index.html / index.php?
Are there any HTTP servers that can detect two cookies with the same name, but issued from different subdomains?
Stopping spam and worms with SPF
Should I run my password through Bcrypt before using it for encrypting a file with AES-256?
Does hashing a PRNG make it cryptographically secure?
CSRF protection with cookie and AJAX
How are IaaS Virtual Machines Isolated?
how to access to arachni scanner web interface?
Share certain information only after death
Flaws in Crypto Cat
Side Channel Attack Query
Can BitTorrent clients be fingerprinted?
Who can view my https browsing habbits?
does switching to linux remove existing computer virus
Feasibility of brute-force on online password
Is it safe to derive an IV partially from the secret data if it is hashed before use?
Site Hacked - Where to go from here?
Encrypting an empty database field versus leaving it empty
SSL vs TLS, which is less vulnerable to DOS attacks?
Login system using authenticated encryption without storing user password
What are the implications of including binary blobs in the Linux kernel?
What are the security implications of using TOTP for single factor authentication?
Obtaining an S/MIME certificate without disclosing my private key to the TTP
Open exploits database, with structured data (CMS name, version, etc.)
Can a VPN avoid the Prism Surveillance Programme?
How likely/possible is it that the NSA have broken common encryption techniques such as SSL/TLS?
Key distribution and key exchange for simple secure FTP implementation
Totally different IP addresses assigned when using the same router
Checklist for securing smtp
Somebody bumped into me, next day my storage unit was burglarized
Files to monitor in linux
Emacs and EasyPG not performing public key encryption
Does Windows keep an Active Directory user token while locked?
Generating session CSRF token based on SSL session ID
Is any company or group working on secure hardware architectures?
How does Wuala store symmetric key?
Rsync without ssh access
Can cloud based password managing services be trusted?
My Computer hacked?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of attribute-based access control?
Understanding a key establishment protocol
how to make socat ignore client certificate?
How to convert some packets in a readable format
Security and privacy in email and other communications
Tracing nuisance or malicious cellphone calls
Are different top level domains somehow different security wise?
How to minimize your fingerprint, or become invisible on the web?
Is it possible to create a secure chat web application relying on HTML5 web sockets?
Is it legal to find bugs on a website and report them to the website's owner?
Server checking client's password without ever coming into possession of it
Secure wiping of EEPROM and flash memory
How to prevent CAS from leaking user identity to arbitrary visited websites?
How Browsers prevents Malware and Phishing attacks
How to use VirtualMerchant without PCI-DSS?
ASLR Randomization and different regions
How to implement shamir's secret sharing algorithm using AES_ENCYRPT
Couldn't websites that want to track our activity just store the data in the DOM?
Using Private Browsing mode while connected to organization's network
Security-themed Masters Thesis Topics
What are the security implications of (not) expiring login screen session?
Hardware Level Write Protection for a CD-R
Why is the Samy Worm considered XSS?
GnuPG/OpenPGP in the corporate world
Chrome does not show green bar with EV SSL but firefox and IE does
Client-side encryption, but cloud service can still decrypt data in the event of a death? Is this possible?
ASLR Randomization BSS
How can an attacker abuse a distributed system?
Are there faux/fake malicious websites to test web reputation services similar to EICAR?
Can my web accesses be known by individuals?
What would be the application-level equivalent of dynamic communication secrets?
Can viruses transfer from phone to computer over the network?
When to use SSL ? / When to send passwords via mail?
Online only encryption
How to manage company passwords when employing temporary freelancers?
oauth2 account authentication
DBus proxy Javascript binding issues
Certificate Chain checking
Known examples of spoofed Change Request?
Why did Apple think OS/X was virus proof?
Is it secure to use a URL to automatically authenticate to an OAuth-protected API?
What process on my jail broken iPhone is listening on port 80
Why do websites limit password length?
Is the fact that Tor's development is largely government funded cause for concern?
Why is blog spam always written so badly?
Unknown Asian/Chinese registry keys
Guest user on Mac Book Pro is suddenly on. Was I hacked?
Why are MD5 collisions dangerous?
Dangers of client & server package, communication over HTTPS using user's own self-signed certificate?
What other place (besides libc) attacker redirect control flow to after an attack such as buffer-overflow succeeded
Building's server room is unlocked: What danger is my building in?
Protect an application that uses internet from packet sniffing
How can I recover the password of a TrueCrypt vlume?
User agent information from HTTPS flow
Files deleted by some Employee . How to find what time it happened and whether done from another computer on network?
Is it possible to pass TCP handshake with spoofed IP address?
Does Gmail 2-factor auth increase security on smartphones?
Where to store sensitive client details (MYSQL DB credentials)
Can I use the same password both for SRP and for client-side encryption?
FIPS Compliance for my Android project
Recommended authenticated stream cipher for minimum overhead?
A Secure Email Host Architecture
Does CSRF work when the target site is not open on a tab?
When changing a PGP passphrase, does it only affect the private key?
Encrypt a textfile with gnupg on the console
Risks of Microsoft Remote Desktop access behind a secure VPN
Are there any customizable vulnerability notification services?
Dual control / key encrypting key required?
Is there any way to get Chrome 27 to trust a self-signed cert?
Are very short messages secure using Public Key Encryption?
Can the U.S. goverment crack encryption?
Online POS terminal?
How to implement canaries to prevent buffer overflows?
Storing Credit Cards
using two passwords for normal and security critical functions
Licensing/selling digital certificate to another company
Preventive Measure for detecting Session Fixation attacks
Free collection of virus test samples
SSL: MITM possible if private key is known?
How does Perfect forward secrecy work in https?
Loading of fake Library attack
Securing a REST api at the message level
Backdoors after SQL injection?
Why does PGP use symmetric encryption and RSA?
Pursue career in Network Security
How secure is the Windows 8 included Anti Virus known as Windows Defender?
Any obvious flaws in this protocol?
How to use public WiFi safely?
NFC used in place of contact based smart card two-factor authentication
How can I encrypt my router admin page login session?
is it possible to sniff email content inside network?
Allow read-only access to server-side pages for security review?
HTTP Basic Auth is enough?
Is revealing your residence physical address when browsing the web a security risk?
Spam mail from my yahoo mail
RSA key length vs. Shor's algorithm
How to fuzz proprietary protocol over SSL?
Virus Removal Boot Disks -- a few questions
public key distribution from a central server
Using Old version of mysql connector's security issue
Build a secure channel without SSL/TLS
Working out how to decrypt encrypted string when knowing the plain text
What method of secure erase is sufficient for MacBook Pro SSD Drives?
After salting my passwords, are they protected against dictionary attacks?
What are the security implications of STARTING a reverse proxied origin server as an unprivileged user?
Vulnerabilities with DB backed session tokens
Allowing user to access password protected website without disclosing the password
Is there any way to tell if CCTV is on or not?
Asynchronous vs. Synchronous authentication process
Disabling/Destroying CCTV/IP Cameras with Lasers?
How to encourage responsible disclosure (and react appropriately otherwise)
How to be sure content was generated on a specific software?
Is encryption in HTTPS done by the browser or by the system?
Is it safe to connect mobile devices to rental cars?
How does does the "Sign out all other sessions" feature work in Gmail?
Auditing, accounting, logging, and accountability... What's the difference?
If a user visited a malicious website a year ago, should we nuke from orbit to be safe?
personal studies to become a security expert
Man-in-the-middle attack over an encrypted channel
How can I create a secure password?
How to manage passwords in a multi-tenant surrounding?
API authentication without Oauth2 server
Why isn't TLS just called SSL v 4.0?
No single quotes is allowed, Is this SQL Injection point still exploitable?
Does a commercially available self destructing HDD (set in BIOS) exist?
Safety of publishing last 4 credit card digits in age of fast computing?
Credit card data security - hashing, truncation and encryption
Possible to safely send money via Paypal on public wifi networks?
Can you protect corporate email on personal phones without the option of wiping all personal data?
How do I secure my network with an open wifi?
Have the police placed a bug on my line
Is there a risk in sending the username in a password reset email?
Best security practices for software development and release?
What can and can't a malicious DNS do?
How does non-ephemeral Diffie-Hellman key exchange become compromised in SSL when the RSA private key is leaked?
Should user IDs be implemented in online banking?
Why are signatures considered a valid authentication method?
Where can I find resources to help me implement a key server?
Can unencrypted email be read or altered while it is in transit?
How should I diagnose a macintosh laptop running OS X Lion 10.7.5 automatically booting at 12:00:09 sharp every night?
VM Guest network security with NAT?
Why do embedded systems store server's public certificate in ROM?
Why use OpenID Connect instead of plain OAuth2?
Hosting an "IP Rental" address. Is this common, safe?
How to protect integrity of resource files in a white-box attack context?
Is there a known vetted alternative to this key-exchange protocol?
How to ensure two messages are from the same party
CSS based attacks
Should both user ID and Password be masked for online banking?
Strange GET requests to my Apache Web Server?
Google Chrome & Spear-phishing
Can someone scan a website from a remote address and steal users login information?
Strongswan crypto
Oauth2 - in traditional enterprise applications
Role vs Identity based authentication? What is the difference?
How effective are anti-virus products against real-world threats?
What fraction of software bugs are vulnerabilities?
If you want to implement a XSS scanner, is it absolutely necessary to use a JS interpreter? Why?
Is personal email hosting really secure?
URL & address bar spoofing, only possible on rogue access point
Does setting a user password on Windows XP help protect against remote exploits compared to no password?
Storing credit card data on behalf of customers: and transfer the data later
Why can't I use the same key for encryption and MAC?
Are Linux vendor-supplied security updates enough for PCI Compliance?
Store private key on server, then use k1 to log in, k2 to verify HMAC and k3 to decrypt private key
Why aren't infinite-depth wildcard certificates allowed?
Where to get/buy a CSR generated S/MIME certificate
Sqlmap fails at enabling xp_cmdshell procedure
Trust among the root-CAs
Possible to limit server connections to clients with a specific certificate?
How long is a 2048-bit RSA key?
Which one is best, host or guest encryption?
What are the purposes of these security policies?
Windows PE file and Malwares
WSS (WSS4J): cleartext password in UsernameToken vs salted password hash in database
Can a connected USB device read all data from the USB bus?
Performance issues while applying encryption at host or guest level?
How easy is to track someone exploting a XSS vulnerability?
How safe is a PGP private key that has “escaped”, but without its password?
Cross-site request forgery attack. How can we stopped this?
Do I need to keep certificate signing requests and public keys?
IPTable Security between two servers
ARP Poisoning effects
Are there any vulnerabilities when making cross-domain HTTP requests during an SSL connection?
How do you keep track of numerous keys in the workplace?
Storing passwords on a home computer
How to avoid GAE app traffic being abused?
Mixing stateless and stateful firewall rules
Is accepting old passwords a bad policy?
If windows already has all admin rights, wouldn't a malicious program just need to pretend to be windows?
Using X-actual-recipient to divert email
Study roadmap to write a crypter / backdoor
What is a buffer overflow?
Why does Assembly seem so important in IT security?
How secure is ionCube compiled code?
Are GET, POST and windows.location vulnerable to XSS in a Wordpress theme?
Encrypt-function inside PHP code that you have to publish
Secure OS for Website managing
What would a hacker do if he got your router password over the internet?
XSS prevention through Content Security Policy
Taking root ownership
Why can't a AES256-encrypted file be decrypted on machine other than the one it was encrypted?
Key size difference between AES and RSA
What is the safest way to close a popup window?
Use Tor when testing on web apps that allow testing & have bounty programs?
Are official browser add-ons really safe?
In what way is a partially encrypted webpage insecure?
High Interaction Honeypot design
Advantages of using a Digital Signature Scheme (DSS) with Appendix instead of DSS giving Message Recovery
Is XML encryption actually broken?
Why does AES encryption take more time than decryption?
How to secure database table of users for an application?
How important is patch management?
Why some sites are not shown when embedding them in an iframe?
How reliable is ASP.NET's Request Validation feature?
XSS JavaScript Double Quoted String with HTML Escaped Possible?
What anti-keylogging programs can you use when using a public PCs
Is there a tool to rate browser TLS/SSL configuration?
Certifications that involve practical knowledge
CERT FOE Fuzzing Framework documentation
Firewall & TCP Traffic
Asterisk trunk config 'insecure=very'
Authentication for Mobile Devices
How can I protect myself from Evercookies?
How to set up a smart card for web login?
How to encrypt files without giving the user access?
Configuring election website to prevent MITM attacks
How do INFOSEC competitions deal with social engineering?
Why is "MIME type mismatch on image file" a security vulnerability?
Is there a list of phone numbers Facebook uses to send auth tokens?
House owner can see who's connected to WiFi; what more can he see?
What are the risks of SSHing to an untrusted host?
Response to script-kiddies "scanning" website for vulnerabilities?
What are realistic rates for brute force hashing?
Are there implementations of password hashing algorithms for major frameworks that utilizes specialized hardware like GPUs/FPGAs?
If hashing is one way, why can we decrypt MD5 hashes?
Hardening an old SRP3 protocol setup
How to check if your computer has a backdoor installed on it?
Why is malwarebytes.org's SSL certificate from someone else?
How to detect and exploit an SQLi in a POST method
They think I am their IT Dept....What to do about it?
Recovering from malware in the registry
In U-Prove, what is the purpose of "Pseudonyms", "Committed", and "Scope" values and how are they used?
What flexibility does a "Third party gamma" offer to U-Prove deployment?
Methods used to reverse a hash
What are the performance and security tradeoffs when selecting "ECC" or "Subgroup" in a U-Prove token?
Breaking into the IT Security Industry as a pentester
Decrypt cipher texts encypted with the same one time pad key
How to protect my Exe file which written in c#.net?
Retrieve Admin Password from router
How to protect Linux partition from access from Windows partition?
AES + CBC to encrypt individual local files, fixed IV?
How to deal with MySQL's Errcode 13 when trying to write a shell
How can I get the IP address for a Tor Hidden Service (HS) with a .onion address?
Can a nation-state adversary perform a MITM attack by compelling a CA to issue them with fake certs?
Can someone explain what exactly is accomplished by generation of DH parameters?
Excluding executables in winsxs folder
Why should I pay for an email S/MIME certificate?
Security of running openpgp.js in a browser with the private key in HTML5 localStorage
Should I test my SSL certificate for "RSA Shared Primes" before using it?
Encrypting Backups on Linux
Securing a web service consumed by chrome extension
Does Apple maintain the security of the built-in Ruby?
Detecting Pass-the-Hash
How does this test prove my application is vulnerable to clickjacking attacks?
Regarding Session management
A DOM-based XSS is a vulnerability in the application or in the browser?
Allow or Deny Access to a Network Based on Client Hardware
Regarding cross site scripting?
Why isn't sophisticated malware written with .NET?
How can I interpret openssl speed output?
How does a virus scanner inspect URLs entered in a browser?
White Hat Communities
Besides IP addresses, how else could one be identified?
Session token is not changed on login?
How to capture wireless data from an intruder using a home router
HKDF and key stretching
Ways to obfuscate web browsing habits
Tor and regular browser side by side. Does that make sense?
Specific risks of embedding an HTTPS iframe in an HTTP page
How to estimate the cost of an application vulnerability?
Injecting information in a web page (Gmail). Does it raise security problem?
How this test prove my application is vulnerable to clickjacking attacks?
Risks of software backdoors
Multiple OCSP calls
Can I develop an SSH client for iPad in Sweden and sell it in Apple App Store?
different portscan tools give different results
Is it legal to hack a website that distribute my copyrighted materials?
Why was ECMVQ dropped from NSA Suite B?
Is there a combination of Windows permissions that allow execution of a .NET executable but not reading nor copying its content?
How risky is connecting to a hidden wireless network?
Development of asymmetric encryption algorithm?
How dangerous is it to store password in plain text on sites like GitHub?
Steganograpjy or Digital Watermarking
Becoming HIPAA Compliant
mprotect at kernel level
SSL vs Encryption
Reversing Password Hashes
Control over IT security
SJCL : convert ascii to a BitArray & compute random numbers
Malware not showing up in virus scan
SQL injection using letters and numbers?
SSL - Null Prefix Attacks Still Possible?
NIST test vectors for HMAC-SHA-256
Why does OpenSSL need the private key to revoke a certificate?
Privacy risk in using Google APIs
Web application vs web service security
Uploading files through an HTTPS web application
Protection of online image file (ancient manuscript)
Security of remailers
Can you track someone using a proxy?
How to manage known infected network
Javascript Diffie-Hellman and AES protocols
How Facebook Determines User Browser Change?
Check integrity of GnuPG inside of GPGTools?
Can the Gmail password be recovered from the Android Gmail app?
Prevent my site from being copied
Is there a way to verify a binary against the sources?
ModSecurity errors related to REQUEST_METHOD HTTP/1.1 and GET
Centralize Linux System Management
Encrypton method that would encrypt alphanumeric data to alphanumeric data
What is the impact of the Bluebox Android APK integrity vulnerability?
Remove RC4 from SSL/TLS ciphers in Chromium
Block all kind of querys from ip
Detecting Tor proxy by reading request headers
Linux Memory Protection from buffer overflow
Buffer overflow stack adjustment
Is it dangerous "Powered by..." tag
Protect against Tamper Data add-on
Suspicious entries in MySQL database from user input forms - sql injection?
Fragile digital watermarking algorithms suitable for PDF embedding
Is it possible to use Greasemonkey to hack a website?
How to get an NT hash from registry?
Assuming no MITM, is Gmail communication 100% secure and private?
Should I take care when entering incorrect passwords in untrustworthy websites?
How can I make sure the mic input of my laptop/computer/cell is not secretly scanned for keywords and sent to the government?
Why would a remote desktop connection harm my PC?
Small encrypted network setup
Changing User Account Type - User to Guest - File Deleted
NTLM security and password complexity
Faster methods for decrypting a TrueCrypt disk, esp. knowing the algorithms used
Preventing DoS in Ajax Calls
What are ports?
How is storing an API secret key in plaintext (in a database) secure?
How can someone access data that I am requesting when I use HTTP?
What Digital Fingerprints Does a Browser Leave Behind?
Is it possible to recognise and prevent MitM attacks on devices which use self-signed SSL certs?
Is there any security benefit of not using email services recently associated with PRISM?
Can HTTPS server configured without a server certificate?
Certificate Hostname Mismatches - Why do they matter?
BitLocker with Windows DPAPI Encryption Key Management
Is there a Security/Privacy risk in storing computers' hardware thumbprint?
Serving data from an encrypted database over an encrypted connection
Alternatives to the "open PC" security model
Is a short sudo password ok?
Is Torrent safe for sharing legitimate files (file verification)? Does it use SHA1 or SHA256?
What are the security implications of enabling UPnP in my home router?
How is HTTP PUT and DELETE methods insecure, if they really are?
When performing a PenTest against a WAF-protected site, what should a Pentester know to enhance the Test-Quality?
What to do with expired certificates as a CA?
Is it possible to share BitLocker decryption keys between multiple TPMs?
How can I misuse the information of DCE service enumeration?
Why a self-signed digital certificate (X.509) cannot be altered?
Sqlmap and multipart/form-data forms
Firewall defined Akamai IP Range
What steps are performed when a serious event reaches an Intrusion Detection System?
Code-signing application from different locations
How to identify call stats about 2/3/4G users in a room?
Is it possible to prove which public key was used to encrypt a message?
Why is secureserver.net (GoDaddy) showing up blacklisted from my domain blacklist checker thingy?
Building access card that has an identification role
AWS VPC - should connections between instances be over SSL?
Are GET parameters secure over https?
Is there a security reason for a site to limit the number of times a user can change their password?
Preventing LSASS from storing clear-text passwords in Kerberos environment
Gamification of IT security - any applications yet?
need guidance for cybersecurity job
Using Apple NSKeyedArchiver class without encryption to save score data locally
Comprehensive & current book on native application exploit research & development
Encrypted files storage. How to simplify the password management scheme?
What CWE can be used to best describe ASLR being disabled on a process?
Is + as an alternative to %20 an attack vector?
Implementing ACS with REST + many Identity Providers - Problems - Azure
Event monitoring for a home network
Is a self-signed SSL certificate much better than nothing?
Does Centralisation Decrease the Probability but Increase the Damage of Exploits?
How to encrypt a short string to a short ciphertext using an asymmetric encryption?
Taking password letters not whole one, is this secure?
Should the password field be cleared after an unsuccessful login attempt?
How can I use linux and disguise myself as a windows computer over a LAN?
PCI compliance simple questions
What are the advantages of multi-level authentication?
Securing an appliance
Storing session key for iOS app
How do indirect, session-specific resource tokens increase security?
Encrypting All Network Traffic
SSL/TLS - Distinction between self-signed cert and self-signed CA, and other questions?
Most secure way to partition linux?
How to get other people's bcrypt hashes to add to htpasswd file
How can I audit which type of Block Mode encryption is being used when no source code is available?
How exactly is MD5 vulnerable to collission attacks?
How is SAML solving the cross domain single sign-on problem?
How do I generate a blowfish password hash in Ubuntu?
Security instructions for a mobile banking REST API
How to diagnose and handle unexplained open network connections?
Would a predefined shared secret key be good here
How to remove ssh rootkits?
How important is it to protect demo data by HTTPS enabled server?
How can I securely convert a "string" password to a key used in AES?
Windows groups and permissions: Authenticated Users group meaning
Should a site have SSL if it doesn't have a login form?
Can hackers access wireless traffic between me and my ISP?
How can salted, hashed password storage be combined with a plaintext, nonce and hash based authentication?
US Export Laws (Encryption Cloud Service)
Safe user/group for rsyslog to read application log?
When a browser extension or user script pulls a JS file from Google's CDN, how does this compromise the user's privacy in terms of Google's reach?
Is it possible to automate use of passphrase-encrypted private keys?
Windows' default certificate store for intermediate vs trusted root certificates - my self signed root CA cert goes to 'intermediate' by default?
Mysql database password and webform password
Authenticate users through Google using only an OAuth2 access token
Infection risk downloading one’s own file from Gmail
One time password over SMS - exposing the Authentication Server to the internet
How to detect whether my network's key is being attempted to be cracked?
Is it possible to set up my own VPN using an ISP without having to open a 3rd party VPN account?
Exploiting HTTP content in HTTPS page
Which IP address in email headers is the sender's?
"ScriptResource.axd" vulnerability in Windows Server 2008
Openssl speed block size
Why can I see the Basic Auth credentials in plaintext when using SSL
How can I securely identify mobile devices on a network without a lot of overhead?
Is it nescecary to wipe and reset the MBR when laptop changes owners even if full disk encryption is used?
Does turning off an iPhone make it safe from "juice jacking"?
How to determine the size of payloads available in MetaSploit
How does storing GPG/SSH private keys on smart cards compare to plain USB drives?
Why does broad based malware use XOR obfuscation?
End to end cryptographic methods/solutions
Isn't MongoDB actually storing plaintext passwords?
MD4 or MD5 speed depends on data or just on data size?
Are there any systems to mitigate the risk of losing a Signing Key?
How to protect against "padding oracle attacks."
How secure is the Windows 8 "Reset your PC" function?
Disabling SSL v2 and weak ciphers on client PC's
Understanding SSL certificate signing
What are the privacy pros and cons of using a public DNS server vs. your own?
Does Microsoft Remote Desktop require a VPN to be secured?
Intercepting and reading SSL traffic generated by Android
What does it mean by the 'Hash of a malware'?
How to ensure that files uploaded by users do not contain any XSS code
Mifare DESFire EV1 UID Uniqueness?
How can I see traceroute details in NMAP?
Is there a reason to encrypt an encryption key with a certificate before storing it?
Stealing WiFi Internet connection
Can you make a digital signature using the receiver's public key?
Thales HSM LMK keypairs: 00-01, 02-03, 08-09, 10-11, 12-13
What is the purpose of "Variant" LMKs?
Can I listen to a remote IP's traffic using Wireshark? (Man in the Middle)
Securing a Site: Diversity over Simplicity?
How could an iPhone be transmitting abnormal loads of data without apparently running anything?
Checking if TLS 1.1 and 1.2 implementation in a webserver is upto standards
TLS Handshake gets torn down
Is it necessary to test all input parameters of a web application when testing its security?
Which signing strategy?
Least insecure way to encrypt a field in the database so that it can still be included in queries
Metasploit Get Shell Through NAT
Building a web app with encrypted MySQL database entries?
Attack on the custom token-based sha256 security scheme
The basics of cryptanalysis
How would you find a complete list of a software's vulnerabilities?
Would a massive blacklist of guessable passwords be useful?
Can I avoid DNS spoofing by typing the IP address?
Prevent my site to be sniffed and changed by man-in-the-middle-attacks
Write & "WHERE" Clause Only?
Are keys or RFID tags more secure access control solutions?
To get security clearance, do I need to be national of the country?
Security of PGP for Long-Term Storage
Why do we need to differenciate between External Interactor and a Process?
How to show XSS popup without using alert and script keywords?
Ubuntu LVM Encryption
How to intercept url to disallow Forced Browsing in simple Dynamic Web Project?
How much detail to publicise when a software vendor patches and issues an advisory?
Modern, security-conscious, PHP book?
Time based event, console application on Windows Server -- security implications
Is this a valid Windows update page
Is it acceptable that a skilled professional pentester deletes or modifies sensitive data in production unintentionally during a pentest?
NTRU java attack implementation
Is there an alternative to TCP/IP that encrypts end-to-end?
Disabling built-in Wi-Fi adapter and protecting Wi-Fi's MAC address on a laptop
Are there any public examples of an encrypted attribute in a Verisign-issued certificate?
How can I protect myself from this kind of clipboard abuse?
possible exploits through avahi daemon
What security measures does Chrome have in place to sandbox different user accounts?
I am always Hibernating my System, is there any risk for my Encrypted drive with BitLocker?
OpenSSL dgst authentication failure
Degree of Obfuscation
Are 500 responses or specific error codes more secure for REST services?
How do open (no password) wireless networks deal with abuse?
Elgamal algorithm PHP code
Are the Trends of Type II Hypervisors and Newer Applications a Security Issue?
Am I covered with GPL If I want to share open source code of project developed in my company?
Securing JSON? Is it justifiable to return html code instead of json to prevent copy cat?
Unique SSL keys for load-balanced hosts
Encrypted disk at risk if laptop stolen while turned on but locked
Why do most cars use physical keys and no PIN?
Fake Websites: How to avoid?
How does "traceroute over TCP" work, what are the risks, and how can it be mitigated?
Protecting IP on a remote server
Why is unshadowing needed?
What is the most "safest" architecture to run in QEMU?
2 routers, a desktop and an Android
Find out how my server is being used for DDOS attacks
Is using a numbers station to transmit a one-time-pad as key actually insecure?
SNMPv2 and Community Security
Is it dangerous to place ~/ssh/config on GitHub?
How do I deal with a compromised server?
Antivirus scanning
SSL Handshake takes much longer in LAN than in WAN
Session Cookie HttpOnly Set After Initial Server Response Showing as Vulnerable
Understanding PRGs: How can we expand randomness?
Why Google and smartphone manufacturers don't care about updates?
Correct way to get a number from 0-9 from a random byte?
Should I trust URL based on file extension like this: http://example.com/image.jpg
stronger encryption for SSH keys
How does one evaluate tamper-resistant envelopes/packaging?
SQL injection not returning expected results
Ways to protect source code from theft
Is this a security threat?
Possible to detect and log CORS and preflight requests in IIS?
How to prevent malware infection and file accessibility through a wireless router?
Is this cross-site password model secure?
Can Cain&Able Crack SSL?
Should I trust and play every embedded video on Facebook?
How secure is Ubuntu's default full-disk encryption?
SQL injection can bypass login but not drop table
Checking SSL/TLS servers for NULL encryption support
Encrypt web.config file using Data Protection API
Should I use FileZilla?
SFTP or FTPS for connecting to a VPS?
How does the TPM perform integrity measurements on a system?
Eye-Tracking, Public Access Points and Password Protection
Generate Keytool Object from CSR
WAF Process Creation for Integration of IT and Business
Sending HTTP 403 as. 200 - "Silent Identification of Admin"
In-office Flask app on port 80 - is it safe?
Is using RC4-MD5/RC4-SHA as SSL ciphers enough for most purpose?
Nessus Report Total 0?
Should I customize my Root CA's thumbprint/fingerprint? (SHA1 or MD5)
Network Security Design Resources
PHP web application security
How do I unencrypt emails from a pst file without a digital certificate?
Retrieving client certificate using Tcpdump results in zero length certificate
Can a web application administrator access the database of that application?
"Forgot my password page" best practice
Want to authenticate oracle login using encrypted password...how to?
Is an outbound firewall connection 'safer' than an inbound
How to know if mail is for tracking our IP
Is it a good idea to use an input by the user as SALT?
Is decryption using Java+JSF safer than using JavaScript?
SSL/TLS Client Authentication by IP
What is the meaning of the term "simple string" for the SALT string in Unix crypt using SHA-256 and SHA-512?
Rounds of MD5 and SHA512 Hashing Algorithms
BitMessage : Key authentication?
Can I use the same keyboard on both my infected and non-infected computers?
Is Signal a secure and secret way to communicate via voice calls?
Does padding an AES key hurt security (besides lowering the strength of the key)?
Deduplication of Encrypted Files
SHA-512 unix passwords. How secure are those hashes, really?
What does "Change your password everywhere else" e-mail from compromised service mean?
OS reinstallation security contribution
Is this code snippet good enough for password hash and salt
How to save the random salt to the database
A "new domain registration" spam?
How do I forensically determine whether a mobile phone has been infected with a spy suite?
Mobile Device Security
What is more secure: single long hash, or combination of two shorter?
Penetration/Vulnerability testing for REST web services
Is it acceptable to generate salts with a hash of the username?
Tagged website malware
If a login/session cookie is stolen,does changing the password void it?
How to determine if ViewState has MAC enabled when crawling a page?
Pros/cons of using a private DNS vs. a public DNS
How do I ensure there is sufficient entropy on an embedded system at first boot?
What's the best way to send and receive lots of login credentials?
Ways to keep AES encryption key safe.?
Cross site scripting and the use of http-only cookies?
Generate CSR with 2 OU Names
If a service that I registered with FB/Twitter/G+ is hacked, what mischief can be done with the oauth token?
If encrypted data in a database are accessed by application, does that mean that the application has the decryption key?
What's the best duration for storing e-mail?
best place to store backup encryption key
Is my SIM card vulnerable to DES cracking?
CAPTCHA enough to thwart user enumeration?
Network enumeration protection
Avoiding MITM attacks when using HTTPS over mobile
Question about authentication cookies?
Password strengthening for PGP
No advanced settings option in router
How do I capture POST data then forward user to another page?
Can one connect to wireless router without cracking WPA2 handshake?
My VPS has been shut down now again for the second time for TOS violations, and I really need some help.
Root SSL certificates and browser support
User password as key instead of hashing it
Is committing credit card data to this website considered safe?
How does sensitive information leak assist in exploit development?
Single point of failure: can US government requests for passwords be a vector for attack?
In which ways could a javascript making a cross domain HEAD request be a threat?
What's the hash for in ECDHE-RSA-AES-GCM-SHA?
Isolate a Virtualbox VM from local network
Is it possible to block URL using manageable switch
What's the modp length of diffie-hellman-group-exchange-sha256?
If a MITM has your public key and you are SSH-ing through the MITM, what is the maximum attack it can perpetrate?
Odd "duplicate" HTTP requests
Is my domain registrar storing my password in cleartext?
Best Practices for verifying a users identity for helpdesk
What's this kind of authentication scheme called?
What are some good user login/authentication libraries or protocols to use with Python on Google App Engine?
Instrumentation vs virtual machine introspection
Custom programming language, and translator that translate it to Java to make more difficult to get source
A protocol to authenticate users without login/password
Encryption algorithm encryptable by md5 of key and decryptable by key
Preparing for a stolen physical server
Getting in to the security side of things
Converting Negative Decimal to Hex
Is a passphrase-protected SSH private key susceptible to a dictionary attack?
Speed of key generation - Is old hardware safer?
What are the vulnerabilities on port 23?
A DDOS attack by uploading a few hundred large files - whats stopping anybody?
Secure password management
How to download data anonymously?
Why is this response splitting attack not working?
Why doesn't Google 2 Factor Auth ask for a code?
Do Google 2 Factor Auth backup codes work for logging into Google or other sites?
How to log into sites that you have set up Google 2 Step Authenticator if you lose your phone?
What are the risks of uploading and downloading data in binary (non-encoded) format to servers and browsers?
I copied my .gnupg folder from Mac OS X, and now Seahorse lets me sign my own key. Is this normal?
What kind of monitoring system can we have for existing security systems in the vehicles?
How do I securely identify a remote (self programmed embedded) device in PHP?
Is this GET request an exploit attempt?
Exploiting flash XSS holes
Can AES-256 encrypted data be changed?
What is the use of the "secret" displayed when setting up 2 Factor Authentication?
Secure Configuration of Ciphers/MACs/Kex available in SSH
Is mt_rand() suitable for generating a salt?
Encrypted view state vulnerable?
Public keys on OpenSSL vs PGP?
Security of RDPs and infected host system
DDoS -- null route everything not approved
Is brute-forcing the only way to crack WPA?
IS TDE PCI-Compliant?
Security for REST api (user/pass auth vs hmac vs oauth)
How can you be caught using Private VPN when there's no logs about who you are?
Is secure Caller ID possible for SIP / VOIP?
How to white hat Pen Test SQL injection
How to get an exhaustive list of ciphers for TLS 1.0, TLS 1.1 and TLS 1.2
Splitting up symmetric key to be able to encrypt using 1024 bit RSA public key
How bruteforce works code wise
How easily can the key of a .NET assembly be cracked?
How could the string \";alert('XSS');// be used for XSS?
How often should I reset my salt?
How to Protect SQL Server 2005?
How can i secure my web server
Is this HIPAA-protected health information?
Are there any tools for scanning for SQL injection vulnerabilities while logged in?
Does ssh-agent store the SSH key passwords in cleartext in the memory?
Getting "SSL: alert ["write"]: fatal : bad record mac" during openssl Handshake
Does bcrypt have a maximum password length?
Is secure web-app off-line auth possible?
Does the NSA X-Keyscore apply for HTTPS traffic?
Downloading files using Tor
Transparently authenticating users or devices on mobile devices
Why did my provider reset my password after someone else attempted to gain access to my account?
Backing up SSL certificate private key files
NSA and facebook chats
ESAPI: Input and output validation
Hide XSS payload
Bootstrapping an EC2 Spot Instance
Notification or report for security problem of unix systems?
How can I check the iframe on my website is secure or not?
very secure router and advice to prevent intrusion
How to get a 'million rounds of PKCS#8 + PBKDF2' with OpenSSL?
Remote Administration Tools and firewalls
Twitter.com in private browsing leaks data to normal browser. Other sites as well? Bug or feature?
How to run any application through a proxy with PUTTY?
Impact of using map APIs without SSL support?
What is wrong with those calculations md5 gpubruteforcing
Whats the best custom compression method to use when I have SSL?
MS-SQL Monitoring/Auditing of PHI for HIPAA
Why would one increment card security code for a new payment card
BREACH - a new attack against HTTP. What can be done?
Software library for 1-2 oblivious transfer?
Automated URL Discovering
OWASP ZAP does not properly proxy my HTTP responses?
Is using a WebServer as a proxy a secure solution
Using authentication only one time passwords
stay anonymous in wireless network even if you are part of it
Does excluding Tor nodes by country improve privacy?
Custom web authentication scheme
Modes of Attack on Time-Bombed Password
Can Exchange/OWA still compress static images and be immune to HTTP compression attacks?
PCI-DSS Network Segmentation and encrypted administrative interfaces
Why is SHA-3 (keccak) considered more secure than DES when you can attempt to crack it 3x faster?
How to audit web servers for resistance/vulnerability to BREACH
How can we trust the tools?
Microsoft password email reset link leads to different url?
What's the point of public key servers, if they usually don't require any authentication at all upon upload?
Is it safe to disable SSH host key checking if key-based authentication is used?
Is it safe to use rng-tools on a virtual machine?
buffer overflow attack scripts
Encoding an Address that contains a null byte in a payload
How to know if a specific address is on stack or heap using immuntiy debugger?
Extended Basic Authentication
Writing Android Exploits
Name of security system
SSL Client Certificate authentication
How to expose a client's real IP address?
OpenSSL, x509: what's the significance of CN (Common Name)?
OpenSSL, x509: what is the correct way to picture signing authorities?
How to make nmap list an unfiltered port?
Formatting before encrypting
Verification of applications on Blackberry Store
Relationship between FISMA and OMB Circular A-130?
How to encrypt by AES-Twofish-Serpent
Best Practice: ”separate ssh-key per host and user“ vs. ”one ssh-key for all hosts“
When do I use NIST AES key wrapping?
Unknown encryption string
OpenSSL generates 1032bits when I request 1024bits
Alternative Email Provider
AV boot disks and Truecrypt encrypted drives
Could someone explain parts of the FBI's Firefox 0-day?
Slowloris attack?
Should we protect web application source code from being stolen by web hosts through obfuscation?
Get info encrypted across a MITM proxy
auditing open source compiler binaries for trojans
Should we protect web application source code from being stolen by web hosts through obfuscation?
How could I totally secure a connection between two nodes?
Pre / post disk encryption wipe?
Is initializing variable to NULL or 0 or -1 a bad practice from security standpoint?
What's a good tool or website to help learning about security?
Import Public Private key pair to a Keystore
What risk does EC2/Ubuntu User-Data pose
Examples for practicing reverse engineering/disassembly of win32 .executables
ASP.NET SQL Injection
Ban or delete abusive users
Implementing 'Remember Me' for a mobile application
How can this web page access the USB?
Is it feasible to make an IMEI sniffer the size of a matchbox within EU legislation?
ISMS for SMB (Small And Medium Enterprise)?
Danger in opening spam emails on Ubuntu operating system
Does adding a non-entropic part to a password makes it less secure?
Does adding an extra, non-entropic keyfile lower security?
Network ARP poisoned with Cain but Fiddler not modifying HTML.
Seeking security help as a non-technical manager
How to check if range of IP addresses are SPAM blacklisted?
Is there an SSL / TLS Certificate state-cache on Windows, IE, and Outlook and how it it managed?
Preventing access to file for process running as root
Ethical approach about corporate website and vulnerabilities
What are the consequences of turning on Apache AllowEncodedSlashes?
Is a cookie safer than a simple HTTP header?
Should admin make SMTP to do sanity checks?
Why would Keepass2 decrease the password quality after adding another character?
PHPMyAdmin vs Remote client restricted by IP address
Accessing keystrokes directed at iframe?
Why IE/Windows forces you to install self-signed certificates as root CA to make them work?
Recommended options for LUKS (cryptsetup)
Apple AirPort w/ open network + Time Capsule backups
Designing a secure information system
iOS data protection: Who decrypts files transferred over USB?
What is the optimal result for the elliptic curve patent issue?
Are there any guidelines for passwords that need to be read out loud?
I found obfuscated code in a comment on my blog. What should I do?
Pin + guid in URL secure for a web app?
wpa2-psk + wireless isolation = secure connection?
XSS: What type of text encoding is this?
backdoors in hardware (ie. intel/amd cpu) possible?
Do I need to expire a session cookie when sessions are handled server-side?
Security checklist for hosting a website on dedicated server - Linux
How can i protect myself from tor vulnerability on windows
How can I detect which background application is using the camera, microphone or GPRS?
Malware for testing
EMET and AntiVirus
Strange requests to web server
Which keys are transferred to Apple during an iCloud backup?
Do obscure image URLs prevent image harvesting?
Stack buffer overflow confusion
How to secure an open wifi access point
Incentives to Support Adoption of the Cybersecurity Framework
Access router if you don't know password
Generating an unguessable token for confirmation e-mails
Deciding whether to sign someones key
Openvpn in front of proxy?
Security behind the windows 8 eye
Top 10 dangerous mistakes in C programming?
Parameterization strategy for hazardous character injection
Is there any danger in the preview button in blogs?
Are local firewalls necessary
What expectation of privacy is there with US-based vendors with the LavaBit and SilentCircle shutdown?
Shorewall stopped policies - routeback
Full Disk Encryption with GPT disk support
A thought experiment about obfuscating the location of a smartphone when it is in use, is it possible?
General User Authorization Security
Is there any reason I shouldn't use SHA1 of salt + website name + master password for my password in websites?
fail2ban and iptables
Cheating or service disruption by altering client-side code
How do i know if I have moved or copied a file from my SD card to PC?
Decrypt "key" that is encrypted with LMK or TMK
Analysing server (VPS) before hosting a government website
WAF testing frameworks
Javascript containing a long hexadecimal string and eval: is this suspicious?
Secure alternative to e-mail
Why oauth use a secret with temporal credentials?
Tor via Python - can the real IP address leak?
Is there a way to configure WPA2-PSK to provide Forward Secrecy?
Why do browsers leak their version info to the webserver?
My WiFi (with my own password) is connected to our office network. Is it secure?
Is there a generic list of IT Risks that can be used as a reference to prepare an IT Risk Assessment report?
Suspected of hacking Windows 7 SP1
Is it possible to execute a command on the local computer in meterpreter?
Is PGP combined with a regular web-based email service secure?
Is Windows BitLocker secure?
Is off-the-record style encryption possible with email?
smartphone pentest framework
How to reduce the size of a key established with Diffie-Hellman?
Alternative to charging 2 small amounts for credit cards authentication?
How can I protect my eCommerce site from stolen credit cards?
Signed URL's as a security measure
Need references about why public access to a password hash and salt is poor practice
New gTLDs are coming. How will browsers handle cookies, SOP and certificates?
Level of Data Security in iOS
Preferred access list (WPA2 rogue AP)
Remove CA from trusted CAs list while trusting it older certifications
What are techniques for end users to select keys on a smartcard?
Door locks & deadbolt appropriate for exterior office door with decorative glass next to it
Why do major sites (eBay, Github) not ask for a password when I attempt to change email addresses?
When TrueCrypt prompts to re-enable automatic mounting, should I be worried?
How long should an e-mail address confirmation link last and why must it expire at all?
Reusing the same session-ID necessarily bad?
What risks are there with a Bluetooth based door lock, and are there any mitigations?
Salt placement prior to one-way hash
Cross site scripting prevention removing &lt and &gt
Is it possible to War Drive for specific Bluetooth devices? What is the range?
Is it possible to respect a user's privacy while collecting phone MAC addresses?
Does a network behind a NAT\modem firewall need a firewall?
How do key servers resolve conflicts?
Security measures for "Forgot password" link
WSO 2.5 Found on Apache
Why Parallels 8 installer looking into my Chrome's Cookies?
Are there any risk in serving static assets via compressed SSL protocol from 3rd party domain?
An attempt to overcome the key distribution problem inherent in one time pad cryptography
Is it safe to show users why their password is not allowed?
Create RSA public, private key pair having numbers generated already
Track IP address of criminals
Is splitting up an AES Key a problem?
Is it possible to determine if some given data is not encrypted?
Generating API keys within an OAuth2 session for non-web-browser clients
Site Executing control characters in title tag
A scammer placed a remote file on a Wordpress website?
Is server-side cryptography with user-only access possible for email services?
What needs to be encrypted for FIPS 140-2 compliance?
Wildcard SSL Certificates & SAAS
GnuPG/KGpg Sign PGP Key - Sign User ID : What is the difference?
Why is the issuer name field signed in X.509?
Can manual hash verification defend against a DH MITM attack?
Security Implications of Private/Corporate APNs
Why is JavaScript disabled in the Tor Browser Bundle?
Hardened SSL ciphers for Nginx as AWS/Cloudfront Custom Origin
Java SecureRandom doesn't block? How?
Application level security...won't I end up just duplicating TLS?
Protecting Website Static Resources
Should the email address in the SOA be used to validate domain control?
What are the pros and cons of using fail2ban when using SSH key auth?
Crypto Browser add-on
How to safey interface with compromised USB device?
Browser based virtual machines
Do any Exchange hardening guidelines recommend disabling OWA Webready? Should they?
In a LAN environment, can you fake the IP address while also being able to receive the response?
IPsec using pre-shared keys
WCF - Is this a good security Architecture?
Cookie stealing, what prevents a rogue wireless AP from stealing website cookies?
IP packet generate manually?
What is the easiest way for a newbie to RSA to create & use a key pair on Windows?
Error150 (net::ERR_SSL_PINNED_KEY_NOT_IN_CERT_CHAIN): The server's certificate appears to be a forgery
Repair Truecrypt NTFS-partition with undetectable filesystem
email on hosting company's site hacked?
Disclose to user if account exists?
Atm/Debit card Security
How does the authentication flow with Azure Active Directory differ from Azure ACS?
Web redirecting to porn site
Website Link Spam Hacking Protection
Are voluntary / manual DDoS illegal?
How to block some websites and torrent usage in a small office?
Is it safe not to encrypt ping packets?
Chrome torn down the TLS connection after received server ChangeCipherSpec
Is the connection between Gmail server and Apple server encrypted?
Why do you need to login after you change a password?
Is writing a document, not saving it, and printing it wirelessly 100% secure?
Relative merits of Heimdal and MIT Kerberos?
Using a Common Private Key for Digital Signatures
Web Services and WSDL Documentation Protocol
Why do some people think Linux is more secure than Windows?
Proper storage/use of salted passwords?
Is it safe to show user a message if account is locked
Manual DNS change
What are the benefits and drawbacks of emailing a user a login token/link?
Uploading images safe of XSS, php code and virus
What are other channels Botnets can use for command and control except IRC
How long would it take to brute force the AES encryption?
Pros and cons of having two identity providers
What techniques do web services use to identify password theft?
Finding the method of attack
Is it wise to log failed login attempts of non-existing accounts?
SQLMap: How to test JavaScript generated field names?
What are the security implications of storing password blacklist?
Secure browser storage
If my website does not take any user input, is there any danger in showing my code and folder structure?
Wireshark Trace containing SSL RSA with RC4 128 md5
Sending Syslog/SNMP information over the internet using standard UDP port 514
What are the risk associated with granting full permission (Any) to DB Admin users to the Database?
Does anyone know how Avast File Reputation works?
How much space is needed?
How do you bruteforce decrypt data if you don't know what you are looking for?
How to secure MySQL data from changes?
Can hardware firewalls be infected?
Who tells that TrueCrypt is secure?
Can malware come in any format?
Clear the DNS server's cache?
Unusual ownership-ID using localStorage; any possible issues?
Is it possible to make a living selling exploits?
What are the security implications of linking a domain account with a personal Microsoft account in Windows 8?
Is saving passwords in Chrome as safe as using LastPass if you leave it signed in?
Public Key → Certificate?
My Apache log is kind of freaking me out
What are the security implications of the POLi Internet Payments technique?
What are the risks associated with SSL interception in an Organization?
SVG-Snippets in Access-Log: Probe or Error?
Tools to analyze Hooks on Windows 7 / 2008, x64 platform
Dual Authorization (Social Auth 2.0)
Configure Firefox against malicious 302 redirect from a embedded image resource?
pgp decryption on public pc
Encryption key exchange for Tor
How is OTR messaging with Socialist Millionaire Protocol (SMP) protected from Man In The Middle?
How do WPS (Wi-Fi Positioning System) databases have the MAC Addresses of the networks?
How to sniff Bluetooth traffic using Android?
I want to store a large number of relatively short-lived symmetric keys
NaCl: US Export Regulations
Is PGP secure against a rogue keyserver?
How can I know that the CA certificates in my computer have not been spoofed?
Telemedicine on Google+ Hangouts or Skype. Is it encrypted?
hijacking fedora or ubuntu or windows upgrades on the fly
Why is Access-Control-Allow-Origin required for uncredentialed cross-domain requests?
Slowing down repeated password attacks
What causes "High Risk Website Blocked" on Chrome?
How to sniff traffic on my wireless network?
It it a good idea to whitelist inbound email using a Hash on the address? (Similar to BATV, but with DKIM)
CSRF possible if params are not passed through query string?
Is there any anti-spam solution focused on preventing Replies from hitting spam?
Bootstrapping dual SMIME certificates for signing and encryption?
HIPAA: How am I required to secure PHI database access creds on my web server?
Safe to email images with personal information? or use encryption for images?
Designing a cryptographic file-sharing protocol
Comparison between Firefox password manager and chrome password manager
Is double hashing bad?
Lua loadstring, whitelisting against injection
Is there any reason to allow Python fetches of my Web server's pages?
Extremely big HTTP chunk size
Why does a spam sms contain a link to an email address?
How to detect if a site is using a JavaScript exploit?
How deeply is Adobe inside your Windows environment?
Java is running even after it is disabled
What is the risk of cross site scripting if I embed javascript into a website
Is it possible to use wildcard certificates on multiple devices?
Is Postgres password-based authentication secure?
SIEM log pre-filtering question
Is 1Password more secure than an AES encrypted text file?
url from another domain in my access log
What iOS apps use data protection?
Bank Fraud Deposit
How to attract hackers?
Strategies against jamming attacks?
419 Nigerian scam problem
How to detect social engineering attack?
IP address of an iPhone
Android Device Support Lifecycles
How can a malicious URL affect a computer?
What's a trustworthy S/MIME Certificate Provider that generates my private key in my browser?
How to remove rootkits and malware?
Windows user: Is having many active TCP connections normal?
Getting a SQL injection past a given regex
Wireshark detecting suspicious messages through jabber protocol, It says it is from my website, no idea what it is
Hybrid Encryption System - Is this unnecessary in this case?
CGI generic sql injection
What mechanism to use for simple and secure HTTP API access?
How to prevent man-in-the-middle attacks beside of SSL?
State transition Analysis Technique
Reference for Insecure password by email
Inputting user ID's in URL?
Secure Portable Mail Client
Store hash password and encrypted data with this password in db?
Does the VPN provider will have access to my content?
Diffie-Hellman and its TLS/SSL usage
How to hack a Win95 machine?
What is the exact meaning of this gpg output regarding trust?
Password management in Firefox, Chrome and Safari
Fake GSM mobile number?
Make OSSEC ban ip on remote firewall
Is this REST service authentication system secure?
How can I prove that I wrote a certain blog post?
How signature validation would be checked on server side?
OFF Pocket or switch off your phone?
How does WiFi password cracking work?
How to implement client side encryption for CalDav & CardDav content?
Using HTTPS GET from app to server
Risks for a new type of website login feature
Do SPA applications have different security considerations than HTML5 sites?
How can I best manage root passwords for many servers?
Changing picture as characters entered into password
How to view extension privileges in Firefox?
What are the alternative to PKI certificates in mesh networks?
Temp file deletion / encryption
Why do some passwords not allow certain types of characters?
Physically Blocking All PC Ports?
Is changing default admin URLs an effective security measure?
Are there any dangers in exposing git sha1 commit hashes?
Please help verify my understanding of Domain Validation (DV) SSL Certificate
What to do when GSM/Wifi is jammed and ethernet cables are cut?
Help configuring Cisco router
configure squid to use another digest proxy
Difference between Privilege and Permission
What does capture filter means in wireshark?
Credential (et al) storage on Android - And general application credential storage inquiry
Multiple encrypted messages known to have matching (unknown) content
Does validating a mime-type reduce or stop the need for virus scanning?
Server Detection Vectors
Can malicious phone software mount a MITM attack on a phone call?
How to keep website passwords safe among employees?
Why is RFC4255 (SSHFP) not used for https?
Man in the middle attack still possible against ssl?
What settings should be entered into the blacklist file for zmap to map a local network instead of the entire internet?
Is encrypting home sufficient?
Is there any risk to enabling CORS with a wildcard on S3?
Average user reaction to SSL certificate error pages
Are duplicate SSH server host keys a problem?
Does Metasploit's packet sniffing run in promiscuous mode?
How does Look Out Secuirty and Anti-Virus determine if an app is harmeful?
Need help deciphering malicious JS code
OpenSSL PKCS#7 vs. S/MIME
Persisting data and programs by continually overwriting?
Adding one's own cryptography implementation on Android
In which country can you host a service which honors privacy?
How can I implement DVD copy protection?
SQLMap extracts weird chars in one column
Devising encryption schemes and protocols
Is there a way to keep sudoers from editing stuff in /etc/ssh/sshd_config?
Authentication and removing the ability to replay information from a compromised machine
Reason for using Asymmetric encryption along with SHA256
How to authenticate to racoon with a certificate chain if only the root CA is known
Is there a hard-to-spoof identifier associated with a physical hard disk
How do I report a vulnerability to a large organization that doesn't believe it has a problem?
How to find the pharmacy hack in a Joomla website?
How do I share my S/MIME public key?
Why is password hashing considered so important?
IT Security Internship
There could be still buffer overflows in ex.: C?
Sandboxing user input html
Do I need to be PCI compliant?
Which part of the eapol packets contain WPA password Hash?
question on hashing an aes-encrypted file
xmpp ssl cipher negotiation
how much of a security threat would this be?
DirBuster request found in my log files
Should we allow JSPs to change on a running application server?
How can Stripe be PCI-compliant?
Password Security and ocl-Hashcat-plus
How to store an encryption key on shared hosting?
How is the key obtained when I login via VPN?
Is the following password-generator secure?
Would IT Security professionel people notice a backdoor in Windows 7 or SBS 2011 implemented by Microsoft?
how to know what hash function have been used
I recently discovered that dsniff had been installed on my computer. What do I do?
What is "download-new.com"?
Can anyone tell if a wireless router is plugged into an Ethernet port (without actually seeing it)
What are the security measures to be taken before launching a site with credit card payments?
Is the Web browser status bar always trustable?
How do I mitigate a MITM on https?
Can a file .exe.part already have caused damage?
How does Tor protect against an attacker just running thousands of nodes?
Ideal way to store unhashed passwords
Encrypted data transfer with middle node and asymmetric key
How should a webmaster manage all her passwords and keys?
Is HTTPS still secured with a known server certificate (private key)?
Selinux: How to log/monitor all accesses to a file?
Queues for Mobile Web Application Security Architecture?
Storing the MAC Address of a computer in Active Directory
Are hash functions "strongest link"?
Why does Google SSL cert change so frequently?
Possible to use a YubiKey in HSM mode to secure a Windows CA infrastructure?
Are Yubi Keys secure "out of the box" when purchased for use with Yubi Cloud?
Is Opera spying on its users when traffic conpression is enabled?
Scan Source Code for Potential Viruses
In Visual Studio, what are the risks of simply opening an untrusted project? What are the mitigations?
If my users use Google OAuth for authentication, can I allow 3rd party apps to read data on my site?
Web App Protection and Sign On
Why don't we have any popular decentralized chat systems, social networks etc.?
Text changing virus
How does Windows know which part of memory is "intended to hold data only"?
Why is OAuth 2.0 being used for mobile devices, and not OpenID?
VPN and Firefox proxy
Do salts have to be random, or just unique and unknown?
Incorrect file permissions for LAMP
How do I know if a font is malicious?
How to check my application passes multiple virus scanners
What was SSL 1.0?
Are kiosk-style, full screen apps possible on iOS, Android, or Windows phone?
How does IIS persist identity credentials? Does it create any security issues?
Does using Google DNS make extensions like AdBlock Plus useless?
Does ZRTP provide useful protection, given that the SAS is not verified?
ATA security erase on SSD
elapsed time from the time of opening of a container
Can risk mitigation controls bring down the impact?
USB to Firewire converter is a security issue?
How effective is Caja at preventing XSS?
Is it possible to execute xss under these conditions?
Why doesn't Linux randomize the address of the executable code segment?
Does a maximum length of password mean non-hashed storage?
Using Volatility Framework with Linux memory dumps
How do poor-quality initialization vectors affect the security of CBC mode?
firewall settings for VPN
Vulnerability scanner shows SQL errors were disclosed.How Severe it is?
To What Extent does an Attacker Have Access to the Browser History through the CSS Pseudoclass :visited Styles?
Are there any obvious flaws in this anonymous-receiver communication method using Twitter?
Safe parental control app for Android?
Safe to drop email verification when using Facebook login
Trust Issues Relative to Open Source
Different AES 256 algorithms produce different results?
How many bytes should an authorization token have?
ECC based Client Certificate import in Chrome/Mozilla in windows
Is it possible to find who posted comment on my blogspot anonymously?
What is the purpose of a Pepper?
Practical attacks against WPA2
Best practices on securely storing access tokens
What is the meaning of http://uri.etsi.org/TrstSvc/eSigDir-1999-93-EC-TrustedList/SvcInfoExt/RootCA-QC from ETSI TS 102 231 V3.1.2
Requirements for qualified certificates in DIRECTIVE 1999/93/EC
Can the client certificate authentication process treated as a user digitally signed the content(and then get verified on the server)?
How do new security and cryptography techniques/protocols avoid the chicken-and-egg problem?
Is it reasonable to do a pentest (or other non-theoric security audit) over a critical infrastructure?
Is it safe to store hashes of possibly non-existing passwords in a less safe way?
How much information can be obtained from observing someone type their password?
Is it possible to decrypt a satellite TV signal without using a smart card?
Child iFrame hash verification of parent iFrame content
Kerberos authentication over the public internet
What extra protection is added to an REST API over HTTPS by the use of some kind of HMAC?
Does a rewritten file on NTFS use the same blocks?
Why my proxy is still having some connections blocked
Is there a way to block Ultrasurf OR can I have McAfee nuke it?
Do any web browsers create cached copies of local HTML files?
If someone downloaded 600GB , can that be ddos attack
What security risks are associated with DLP Systems?
How do I map all active wireless devices inbound?
Can I communicate with a wireless device, without logging in the same LAN?
Restrict access to a specific type of entity
OS fingerprinting protection - why not by default?
Email headers from messages sent via Gmail online client contain private IP addresses. What are these addresses?
Hashing passwords before inserting into database
Do we need to use separate IP ?
How to securely login over HTTP when you have SSH access?
How can I generate a unique SALT for multiple apps sharing one user database?
Why should I log successful log-ins to my server?
Course project that teaches secure design
Does PCI ban using MD5 to store sensitive data?
Grant permission to read java home from untrusted java code
Did US and UK spy agencies defeat privacy and security on the internet?
If we can no longer trust NIST, what are viable alternatives?
Single domain SSL certificates, actually support 2 subdomains?
Static analysis of Android applications using Androguard
Cain and Abel Sniffing vs APR
Properly implemented strong crypto systems
SSL is cracked. What is the alternative?
How come MIM is getting through outlook SSl security
Which public-domain encryption framework to use with .NET
Would secure storing of past used/generated passwords be a good idea?
Linux Hydra issue - random correct password success
Does DUKPT support offline mode?
How to find vulnerable sites on a web server
Is my network being sniffed?
Wireshark Gratuitous ARP
Why is Bruce Schneier recommending symmetric crypto over public key crypto
Figure out how internet access is being monitored
PGP RSA key size - encryption/decryption time
Two-Step vs. Two-Factor Authentication - Is there a difference?
Consequences of tampered /etc/ssh/moduli
What vulnerabilities does a malware exploit?
How can I report a security flaw - such as using plaintext passwords - and get a positive outcome?
SSL-certificates for overlapping domain regions?
Gaining sensible information from advertisement displayed in web pages
ARP poisoning between a wired and wireless network
Do the Windows shared source files compile into the same binaries as the retail version?
I've encountered JavaScript attack code - how do I search for information on the exploit's specifics?
Why can't home internet users communicate with their peers?
Self-Executing Files
Can a USB device read data from the internal HD of a PC when it's turned off?
Questions towards my application that uses bouncy castle crypto
What risks are involved in exposing our home computers over the public internet?
Sniffing From Squid SSL
How does SSLstrip work?
What is a good way of preventing captcha jacking attacks?
How to interpret encryption round diagrams
Is there any risk in allowing more failed login attempts before autobanning for a longer time?
Germany: Privacy Protection Regulations and Response
How much does unknown PBKDF2 iteration count improve security?
Windows: Any method to enforce user confirmation before the browser opens a URL requested by an external desktop app?
Where's the virus in this web site?
How to check if my files were uploaded via cloud storage?
How stack smashing is prevented?
Protecting data through an XOR operation with sufficiently long keys
How can we trust PKI, for example, Verisign?
What is "KDV" in antivirus databases?
Securely render SVG
how to experiment with BEAST attacks
Explain real world symmetric key encryption
Securely transferring data from service provider to client
Is it possible for a NFC-enabled device to emulate a Visa card with PayWave?
What do the dots and pluses mean when OpenSSL generates keys?
Symmetric encryption involving load balancers - can't randomize key?
Is it possible for someone to figure out my WIFI password by following me?
How do you verify if an app is using secure comms?
secure authentication between subdomains hosted seperately
What are the hardwares used to protect against a DDoS attack on Network layer
OpenSSL: Enable cipher suites per protocol version
Can custom elliptic curves be used in common TLS implementations?
sslstrip works with Internet Explorer only?
CSRF prevention for RESTful services
XSS prevention for RESTful services
Which is a safe way to record Firefox passwords in Gnome Seahorse Keyring?
Is it insecure to ask for the current nonce from server?
CSRF and Flash/Flex
Comparing Man-in-the-Middle with Man-in-the-Browser
Can a computer's contents be downloaded wirelessly?
ISO 27001 failure to comply
Can i compare linux user permissions without root access?
Verify a user's affiliation with an organization
How to generate dictionary for a dictionary attack?
Finding out whether a website uses unsalted MD5 for password hashing
Is there any point in using 'strong' passwords?
Does it have sense to fuzz a ASCII file format with mutators that mess with Unicode or String Case?
While copying data from any email client to a USB device what residue information is left on the PC?
How to effectivily block torrents on my network?
Does it make sense to choose a longer password than the output of a hash?
Configuring GCM cipher suites in Jetty based server
RdRand from /dev/random
applications of double DES and triple DES
Exploiting an Open Redirect in POST body?
Any not totally insecure browser vulnerable to BEAST?
Why two key DES algorithm provides only 80 bits security
Is there any Linux distro or kernel patch that wipes a process memory space after the process exits?
Privacy of Gmail for business?
Is it possible to reliably derive a key from a biometric fingerprint?
How does CVE-2013-4287 make Rubygems any more vulnerable?
Disadvantages of a single administrator checking all file permissions
iPhone 5S security: Given someone's fingerprint can I use a 3D printer to create a fake finger with a real fingerprint on it?
How to get URL behind REST-style
How does Activesync security policy affect the usage of the iOS fingerprint scanner?
How can I generate custom brute-force dictionaries?
What block ciphers and algorithms are now safe?
Using only private non-government resources, how can something be sent such that the NSA will see it?
Are there any reasons why browsers should block mixed passive content by default?
How To Track Down Who Initiated A Remote File Transfer Via TeamViewer If I Have Log File
What can a web application developer do to protect user information from powerful adversaries like the NSA or China
Running arp command on public wifi network
Which cloud providers can be used for the simulation of DDoS attacks?
What kind of Wi-Fi security protocol does not use encryption?
Securing an IMAP service
How can I make sure password hashing is secure on computers while not being prohibitively slow on mobile devices?
What effect has MaxAuthTries=1?
Should I know my users passwords so I can check they can logon?
OpenSSL DH modp size
How could `iptables -F` lock me out of the server?
Is it possible to inject values in a drop down list?
How do I get the RSA bit length with the pubkey and openssl?
How can you I detect low frequency brute forcing over multiple connections?
Is there a pre-existing taxonomy of attackers?
Why are some DLLs not randomized? What makes it hard to deploy full ASLR for all DLLs?
What is a stub?
MAC spoofing preventing connection
DNS Redelegation - Security Risk?
Timing analysis attack and cryptosystem
How does SEH based exploit bypass DEP and ASLR?
How to protect the code of Windows applications against path traversal?
Hiding backdoors in Open Source code in other languages than C and C++?
How important is CAPTCHA on registration pages?
Are there any real life cases, where using final keyword in Java increases system security?
Google Chrome is keylogger?
How does a weakness in a random number generator lead to a compromise of the entire cryptographic process?
What is this for a Request?
Should you use VPN if the website uses HTTPS?
Does a OS manufacturer have permission to access your computer unauthorized?
Android side channels: what can one app observe about other apps?
How to check www.abc.com/?page=xyz is vulnerable to RFI or not?
Suggestion on how to be PCI Compliant
Do I have to validate Saml2 InResponseTo?
ECC Brainpool Standard Curves and Curve Generation with Bouncy Castle which seed to use?
Is there symmetric encryption like AES or Camelia with keys longer than 256 bits?
anti-replay attack for secure cookies?
Remote desktop connection different networks password non VPN
SQL Injection with pass MD5
Double encryption with different keys
How trustworthy is SELinux?
Is there any way to cryptographically hash a human thumbprint?
Best security practices in internet cafe
Abusing write permission on Apache logs dir to escalete privileges
Can you sniff broadband connections? And how you secure that?
Honeywell WiFi thermostat security
How to defeat software keyloggers
How to detect the NSA MITM attack on SSL?
What is cleardot.gif next to the senders signature in Gmail?
Are self-signed certificates actually more secure than CA signed certificates now?
SYN flooding attack causing high CPU on hardware firewall
OpenVPN dhparam
Are most app OAuth implementations vulnerable because of an obscured URL/origin?
Restrict file access in php.ini
Why should web applications use multiple gatekeepers?
Is generating random numbers using a smartphone camera a good idea?
Security Standards for storing private customer data
Alert correlation benchmark
Web Service Security Checklist - Tracing and Debugging
How to remove popup malware - sponsorship/bigfintuna/milesandkms
Security w/ Router Behind a Router?
Is it really true that Google knows most of the worlds wifi passwords
Does adding two-factor authentication by OTP really make KeePass more secure
Website: Pre-Shared-Key Authentication
Avoid being implicated in criminal activity when using Tor
How does SSL protect against network level attacks on integity?
GnuPG inner workings (encryption scheme, mode of operation, ciphers)
Is EAP-MSCHAP v2 secure?
Is it necessary to use PEAP for L2TP/IPsec?
Reflected XSS attack via POST request and XML payload
Random File downloaded
Securing Publicly Exposed MySQL Database for Group CS Project
IPS fail close vs IPS fail open, what are the risks and benefits?
zip file downloaded: is it enough to remove it to be secured?
Does Windows 8 UEFI Trusted Boot protect SSDT table from modification?
Is it safe to use TunnelBear VPN
Which is the best way to sanitize user input in PHP?
Popular Security "Cargo Cults"
How is the FileVault master key protected?
What is the heapspray technique and how to use it as reliably as possible?
How long should a browser session last?
Malware Suddenly Uploaded To My Website!
Recover Windows Server 2003 admin password through restricted user
Calling JavaScript functions from within a Style tag XSS
Utilman.exe command prompt hack prevention?
Reverse shell in gzip
Avoid third party access to system
Secure API access over SSL using oauth token
MySQL SQL injection without stacked queries - what is actually possible without affecting the FS?
Suricata IPS rules for honeypot
Entering passwords at public computers
Is it OK to generate a token for a credit card without the user's permission? Is that PCI compliant?
Is there a key length definition for DH or DHE?
Apparmor system-wide security -- white-listing
Alternate Workstation Lock mechanism
SSL Auth to proxy using Certificate on Client-side
How difficult is it to crack salt portion of hash
What are the reasons this SQL injection code wouldn't work?
Ensure web service only accessed by authorized applications
Identifying Visitor's using Proxy
What are covert channel algorithms?
Alternatives to SELinux and AppArmor?
Alternative to AirPcap for Linux?
Securely access OwnCloud & MediaPortal
Continuous Integration for Exploit Development
Is it safe to expose an SHA1 hash of an encryption key?
Edit virtual host file using php
Create netcat listener and execute reverse shell in the same script
How To Protect Tomcat 7 Against Slowloris Attack
Does a DDoS attack have other purposes beyond a lack of availability?
Are RESTful sites safe against CSRF attacks?
How can I migrate from filter-on-output to filter-on-input?
Requirement to send username and password in distinct email messages
Show another number when calling mobile phone
Should AES always give the same output?
In a SAML2 FSSO Web Browser profile (HTTP POST), should the IdP analyse the AuthnRequest before asking the user to authenticate?
Remotely destroy all the data from a laptop having windows?
How is using acces() opening a security hole?
How effective is the iOS "Send All Traffic to VPN" setting at deterring Wifi-based attacks?
Security implications of hosting third-party Javascript
Is OATH TOTP and / or Google Authenticator vulnerable if an attacker has (N) previous codes?
USGCB on a non-networked computer
Does RSA encryption always pad small amounts of data to some larger size?
How to uniquely identify / tag client devices to whitelist VPN access?
Can the random keys generated during handshake be guessed
What is this QR code authentication scheme called?
PHP gethostbyname security implications
Encryption - which are/aren't NSA backdoored
How safe is the new iOS Keychain that stores credit card numbers?
Reaver returns different WPS PSK and AP SSID each time it finds correct PIN
What's ownership concept for?
Special form of file system to prevent recovering after secure wipe data
What can be done to bridge the Air Gap, except autorun?
How to deal with biometric major flaw: non revocable identification?
John the ripper passwd file format with salt not working
Offloading private key operations to a trusted device
Hide a machine on LAN
Work on fuzzing of PDF file format
SSL VPN Detection and possible to block
Challenge, Authentication and session key
gmail account hacking
Attack on Tor with stolen private keys of main nodes
How does dnsleaktest.com find my DNS provider
Elaborate Hacking attempt detected - now what?
Ethics question, post-publication of 'DIY hack' that implies security hack
Using Multiple Keyfiles in Truecrypt
How to tell what encryption is being used
Functional Specification for Common Criteria EAL 1 evaluation
Any comments or advice on OWASP-2013 top 10 number A9
Could a user never store a password if a username/email hash was used instead?
Securing WebHosting Shell Access
Practical and Secure use of KeePass
E-Commerce website with REST backend : do I have to secure Backend URLs accessed by Front end public pages?
Storing Seed for TOTP
Why: Default salt and cipher seed value at Cake PHP Framework?
how secure is an iPhone 4S+ with iOS 6+ in 2013?
Man in the middle attack
Is it possible to detect host-machine of my virtual-machines?
How to "normalize" an html file?
1024-bit DHE vs 2048-bit RSA
Is running a Windows service as a (standard) user a risk?
What are the accepted naming convention for the terms "public/private keys" and "certificates"?
Web Applications terminate strings on null-byte
Reading to Decide on a career switch
How can a network observer identify computers running old versions of Java?
What are the features of Dual EC DRBG that are lost when using a different cipher?
SSH authorized_keys
Insert string to memory with null character
Which are open problems on policy-based access control system?
How to fetch and update all my friend's keys?
What is the job of an IT auditor?
User name enumeration?
Pad encryption against eavesdropping
Reducing crypto-random values to a useless entropy
Hotspot with same SSID, how does authorization work?
Why does everyone require certain password characters now?
Permutation in Block Ciphers
CRLF Injection into Web Page
Google Calendar has events that I didn't create and it's not shared
What information can be seen from HTTPS to HTTP?
Flash ignores Content-Type header, allowing XSS?
Which IP / Client is being Ddosed?
Using a virtual machine as a buffer between USB media and OS
Main requirements to secure my Application in any database related features
Can a PGP private key be deduced if the email text is known?
Afraid about SSH on my Linux system
Security risks monitoring JMX
SIEM DSCC - Upgrade Fails and then web console doesn't shows anything
Where can I find all SSL CA certificates
How can I measure (and increase) entropy on Mac OS X?
What is the purpose of Rb in the 3rd step of the 3-pass mutual authentication in ISO/IES 9798-2?
Android OS Security
How do I setup honeypot server on Windows 7?
has scrypt withstood the test of time?
Is there a way to process a credit card transaction asychronously and be PCI compliant?
China CCTV System UDP protocol isn't working
Is it illegal to use Fake User-agents?
What's the point of storing an copy of args? (the /gs flag)
Configure Asterisk for lan with SRTP enabled SipDroid
Which is better for server-to-server-communication: IPSec or TLS?
mifare classic security
Hide logging server from DMZ
What are the benefits (if any) of changing TLS certificates frequently?
Deep international spy forensics: what hw really needs to be destroyed?
How dangerous is Exploit.LNK.BadLnk.a (v)?
ReverseProxy and PCI Compliance
Can Paypal be used to verify a user's identity?
Why is /dev/random so slow on Linux?
Secure authentication: partial client-side key stretching... please review/criticize my idea
Can IPS system be used as IDS and vice versa
Algorithm to generate NTLMv2 Hash in PHP
In C, not using 'void' if a function does not accept any argument is a potential vulnerability
Force browser to use higher security connection
How to respond to a request for information on a system's architecture without compromising security?
Vehicle remote key security
Password-less network in skyscraper office
Email spam targeted at a pair of users
Is using a CA more secure if I'm self-signing anyway?
How to modify data sending by application to the server?
Dangers of hosting an internal web application on a public web server?
Is SSL terminated at a load balancer PCI compliant?
Does Google Analytics collect any information about the contents of the web page?
Tools to perform benchmark of block/stream ciphers on Linux?
Removing PHP Shell from server
On a public wifi I just tried to access google over HTTPS and was forced on to HTTP, how?
What is the most secure operating system out there?
Can plain text be hidden/accessed in laptop Firmware? (or elsewhere, not HDD/SSD)
Explaining a buffer overflow vulnerability in C
Issues setting up DVWA for SQLMAP
Is my invitation based file access authorization scheme worthwhile?
System for securely authenticating content acquisition
Google Authenticator - Counter Based
Handling security with sub-domains pointing to boxes
How did these websites see through the VPN tunnel?
Infecting a vehicle with a virus?
Test suite for a white-box fuzzer
Luhn algorithm applied to file access
Does Google's SSL encryption for searches thwart NSA spying?
PCI Compliance customer data being made available to another system?
Storing email adress encrypted but deterministically
Is there a problem with issuing a HSTS header in PHP?
Sending a skype message by ip or mac addresses
Is it possible to spoof the mac address of a wireless adapter so that windows sees the spoofed mac as the physical?
In this case, does Virtualization gives more security?
Which products are affected by NSA's ability to crack pseudo-random-number generator Dual_EC_DRBG?
Keeping a user's passwords, but can't hash them
The Pirate Bay's new Hosting Architecture
How to jam wireless AP?
Evaluate the signature of an X509 certificate in .NET
Reflected XSS Prevention plugin
How do vulnerability scanners detect when DEBUG is set to True on ASP.NET applications
Can older or custom web browsers override the same origin policy?
Is it possible for a hacker to bypass upload php file?
Trace wireless connections in airplane mode
Is it safe to use VPNbook or similar sites?
Google Chrome - How to save usernames only
Attack on authoritative DNS server with high TTLs
Skype chat history and web browsing history CHECK
nf_conntrack: table full, dropping packet
I know the WPA-PSK secured wifi password, If I use the wifi, will I be caught?
How does the Mega-D BotNet send spam?
Which information does a standard router see?
What is ("ASCII" redundancy) which is said to be required to retrieve the original plain text in 2 times pad?
What can a zombie computer feasibly install and run?
Browser Extension to show how your session is being shared
Oracle database privileges
Limit BitTorrent Sync connections to a specific network
How does time-limited trial software work?
Plausibly deniable SSH - does it make sense?
MySQL AES Encryption - Is it good idea to store 3rd Party Auth Tokens using AES Encryption?
Is packet sniffing a risk on VPS? If so, what precautions should I ask my host if they take?
non-MiTM Reverse SSL
Possible to determine what plugins and versions are being used in a wordpress site?
Communicate between two sites both with SSL
Transparent way to send logs from honeypot to logging server
Is it true, that using symetric encryption, if attacker knows encrypted text, original message, and algorithm means he can calculate the secret?
Authenticating users to Web Apps without sending password — can anyone suggest improvements?
In the SilkRoad takedown, what does it mean "An IP address was leaking" in Tor?
How can I block flash from obtaining a list of available fonts in my browser?
Danger of peer to peer software
How to defeat CRIME, BREACH, TIME etc... server side (without sacrificing compression)
Is it practically possible to spoof a WLAN access point?
How can a non-technical user verify a message was sent "securely"? ...or over TLS?
Is it possible to do SQL injection (HIGH Level) on Damn Vulnerable Web App?
Where does the WPS Pin fit into the 4-way-handshake?
SSL on domain will affect un-secured sub-domain
How to force all connections to my Apache server to use TLSv1.1 or TLSv1.2?
Using Remote Desktop to bring a 3rd party application to all my employees
Why Qualys SSL Server Test is giving me 80 and not 100 in Key Exchange?
Should a hostname ever be considered a secret?
Can a steel woven wallet prevent RFID scanning of credit card information?
The Hash header in GPG ASCII armor
How can I check the integrity of the downloaded files?
What are the security features of the proposed "secure email" from Brazil?
Would this form of more seamless e-mail confirmation be secure?
Torception: An onion within an onion
Open-source alternative for CryptGenRandom?
Extracting the PGP keyid from the public key file
What could be the order of these ciphers following as first criteria the security and just then the performance?
What are the implications of using the same DH parameters in a TLS server?
Techniques for web-user communication across an untrusted server
Is possible that a TLS server send more than one certificate to the client for the same site?
Authentication of support engineers on client systems
Best practices for Tor use, in light of released NSA slides
Can he see the websites I visited?
how to prevent arp poisoning on my network?
Could SQRL really be as secure as they say?
Force https, complex implementation
Strange packets coming over wireless, looking for clues
Bitlocker lock drive on standby or switch users
Best way to allow sudo access when using ssh keys
how is Google Ads managing to track me? (even if I don't keep cookies!??)
Which encryption schemes have been designed without involvement from the NSA
Brute force password cracking with a GPU
Exploiting memory corruption issues using a DLL file
Is it safe for GPG to compress all messages prior to encryption by default?
Can skeuomorphic UI design create security vulnerabilities?
Is it possible to detect SSL private key changes?
Twitter's HTTP response vs Google's HTTP response
Will an IP camera still work if the wifi router breaks or is turned off?
Using google dorks for a specific site?
Is Password Complexity required at all
How to be secure your page from Zeus Trojan?
Is it secure if we purchase through a website that is loaded in iframe
Is the following environment contained?
How can I be secure with a global salt?
Open ports on mac. Safe?
Using GET to submit username/password?
Is there an internal equivalent to fail2ban?
Environmentally friendly ways to destroy hard drives
Can I use an AP "Bridge" with password to imporve security over an open, unencrtyped WiFi signal?
What is the most secure way to set up web server user permissions?
Can I read/write canary values from %gs register?
Can someone remotely get into my computer and make it look like I typed something in a search?
What's recommended for performance & security : Server as PC or Server as HDD
How to share CSRF token to client application?
What are the security concerns when connecting to a WiFi network?
Website data security using HTTPS / ELGAMAL
Passphrase generator and strength & recovery time estimator. Right strength and randomness?
Corrupt password being pulled from wireshark data?
Why do outgoing rules have priority over incoming rules?
Why doesn't XSS vulnerability from the site launching the CSRF attack make the Synchronizer Token Pattern insecure?
Authorization in offline application
TextSecure protocol
Possible to detect packed executable?
Does setting httponly prevent stealing a session using XSS?
Orbit Downloader botnet program removal [solved]
Is the system bios and network card protected by the OS firewall?
Can any asymmetric algorithms work with only a key-sized amount of randomness?
Totally secure public key distrubition
Why does MYSQL's LOAD FILE only read some files and not others?
Does rooting an Android Phone make it Vulnerable?
How to prevent ASCII Encoded / Binary String SQL injection in CodeIgniter
How should I store and maintain secure configuration documents?
Revoke a certificate without index.txt
Is there a simple and highly secure office suite?
Is there a security advantage to requiring a user id instead of just /me in an api request?
How is printf() in C/C++ a Buffer overflow vulnerability?
Are virtual "canary" systems used to detect malicious programs?
How to get the output of a SQL injection?
Is iPhone's fingerprint signature a one-way hash?
PGP - Why have separate encryption subkey
How secure is automatic authentication in Skype?
Security principle regarding softwares
For a simple purpose, a simple httpd server is more secure?
How could malware like Stuxnet be detected?
FIPS compliant application based on OpenSSL
Does any PXE/Full disk encryption password concept like this exist?
Security goals vs ITU-T security services
Theory about split data in several isolated (different physical server) DBMS to gain in security?
Why is the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header necessary?
Does using Bcrypt to encrypt credit card numbers satisfy PCI compliance?
Isolating host machine from external network
Free Alternatives in Web-Application Mapping Software
Setting expectations of a vulnerability assessment?
Configuring SSL certificate on OS X 10.8.5 produces "Chain issues Contains anchor" error
How to write an authentication module for my website?
With BREACH attack, is session-based CSRF token still secure?
Increasing website data security level
Does google use browser fingerprinting?
How can I detect (or inventory) all DLLs that don't use ASLR?
Is it possible to brute force all 8 character passwords in an offline attack?
Export Restriction of wrapper for existing crypto library
How safe are CD's for Air Gapped computers?
TCP syn attack prevention
Oauth Consumer Secret?
Key-agreement protocol in a REST API
Is HTTP Digest + MD5 still an alternative to consume my own api?
VM security, how to access main OS
Would multiple exposed bcrypt hashes of the same UUID v4 with random generated salt be too insecure?
Why would Tor not be vulnerable to this easy-sounding attack?
Mac OS: keylogger vulnerability & FileVault 2
MacOS: quarantining data for import
Intrusions attempt monitoring (on MacOS X)
Does encrypting the same file twice with two different keys present a security risk?
Can someone please briefly explain HIPAA compliance?
IIS 7.5 WebDav Security Issues with Students
How can a gmail recipient open email in two different countries, at the same time?
Encrypting something with multiple keys such that k out of n keys are needed; what's it called?
TCP IN connection from another user in my home network. Is it safe?
Android: Are locally-stored encryption keys readable by attacker who gained root access?
Is cookie information hackable by "Man in middle" Attack over HTTPS?
SSL (TLS v1.2) - Can i offer fallback CAs when upgrading Certificates? (Java)
comparing password hashing algorithms - PoC ideas?
Manual Checks for Signs of Infection on Windows 7
Are subdomains a cure for phishing?
Certificate Mapping in IIS
Expiring Decryption Key
Ensure data doesn't linger after being deleted
Can someone tell if you are using a VPN by your IP address?
Set Gateway for our LAN
WordPress Comment Hacking Attempt
Benefits of REJECT over DROP on a single PC
Statistics about malware targeting different OS
Pentesting my Own Server File Upload
Is it safe to remove these groups from the Local Security Policy area?
Biba and Bell LaPadula together
Does a malicious android WebView break the DoubleSubmittCookie countermeasure against CSRF?
Spoofing OS during browsing
Is Adobe Flash Player installer redirect due to a malware?
Forgot Password? - sends email with plaintext password
Is this password hashing + salt method the most secure way possible?
Linux: Blocking outside attempts at attacking computer
Kismet Output Shows 3 Possible Encryption Options, Which one?
Fuzzer causes crash. Now what?
How secure is Android's facial recognition?
Do we need to logout of webapps?
How to track MAC policy violations back to HTTP request?
Spam title includes unusual words from my recent emails
Payload authentication + HW-SW Binding
Benefit of having strict ACLs
Open source video conferencing software with encryption
Different SSL states as seen by Safari, Chrome and Firefox
SSH Access using private keys
Do on-demand SSL certificates exist?
Android, how do I prevent Confused Deputy Attacks?
Have there been any instances of malware in custom ROMs for Android?
Random Oracle existence and real world
Remote IP scan detected
Why would someone create an OpenPGP public key with my name and email address?
Is exposing the psk in /etc/network/interfaces a security risk?
oauth and passing received toking to other application
How do I prevent copying of my PDF files?
Why are the first 16 bits of the message digest not encrypted in PGP?
Problems with intermediate SSL certificates and SSL proxy
Reflected XSS - Automatic understanding of filters
Reverse-engineering password salts
Clients breaking after avoiding RC4-MD5
Can I say "session data is available on the client temporarily for surfing period but stored permanently on server"?
Memory Protection Unit/MMU in context of multiple cores and security issues
Alternatives to sending out passwords in plain text via e-mail?
How to secure my network, laptop, ipad and email accounts which are possibly hacked?
Scan password protected email attachments for malware
Can we make sure that the new Lavabit certificate is not under control of the FBI?
sqlmap unable to find SQL injection vulnerablitity
Expose web service in a secure manner
Does this show the need for a two-factor authentication?
Does returning Access-Control-Allow-Origin: * weaken the security of JSON GET responses?
What is the safest way that you could hash/encrypt a password?
Can you get rid of the ZeroAccess botnet without a complete reinstall?
S/Key as an alternative to UNIX passwords
mutual authentication between two clients
Is my RSA signed data secure?
Additional security for WebRTC/DTLS-SRTP with PGP?
In theory, can x509 certificates use Accumulator-based revocation schemes? How do these schemes work?
Tokenless REST API security concerns
What order is best for nesting VPNs?
How to restrict access to a resource based on frequency of access?
Security of the KWallet password encrypting application?
Is it ever safe to install patches in parallel on a Windows OS? When must I reboot after each patch?
OpenSSL ECC named curve support
Is there any functional distributed timestamp server available? If not what about this homebrew solution?
To disconnect or not disconnect an intruder?
Is it possible to use a GPG or SSH key for web based authentication in a secure fashion?
Packet filtering firewall - (Network Layer)
Is this accidental incident considered hacking(illegal)?
Altering passwords before storing
Disabling Ping/ICMP Requests
If I find a Microsoft Vulnerability do I get credit for reporting it directly to Microsoft?
How secure is a Windows PC that is routed through a Linux PC?
SIEM v/s Network Forensic
what info can web bugs track?
Would re-salting passwords regularly in-/decrease security?
Possible DOS Attack? And solutions for it?
How does Eve monitor and obtain ciphertexts?
With IPv6 do we need to use NAT any more?
How is the HMAC key exchanged?
How does Dropbox keep files secure
"Must have" and "Preferred Cipher" suites terminology
How does a key file increase the security of a password manager?
Securing your virtual machine
Isn't all security "through obscurity"?
google states connection is encrypted. Should I change that?
Why are security-crucial software written in unsafe languages?
Understanding a Zenmap output
OpenSSL vs NSS from FIPS-140-2 and Suite B perspective?
Protecting personal documents in cloud
Could server honesty be audited by remote peers without said peers having sole (or any) control of the server?
Can you trust the URL shown when 'hovering' on a link?
How to Choose and adopt information security model
Stack Guard vs Stack Shield
May I `store` the password, by making it the key in AES-256?
At what point is a cryptosystem "rolling your own"?
How is a Tor hidden service immune to exit node attacks?
Preventing exploits like ROP and Return-to-libc in modern Operating systems
Don't use encryption without message authentication
SQL injection with "INSERT" statement
What type of SSL certificate do I need for communications between an Android app and a web service?
Asking for an SSL Certificate from the Client
Are there sha 512 rainbow tables available?
Where to perform authorisation in a web app?
Can Cross site scripting lead to database access?
What is the need of security token to prevent CSRF attack?
Protecting Backups from Viruses
Anonymity on the Web 101
How can these spam emails be accessing email accounts on respected domains?
Antivirus / Wireless PCI v2 Controls Scope
How would one know if they have a rootkit?
What are the main differences between the network-level and the application-level regarding information security?
Hardening Services, Ports on OSX
What is the purpose of OAuth 2.0 redirect_uri checking?
Crypter Anti-Virus Test
SQL injection across multiple tables
How safe is it to provide my administrator account password for a 3rd party software: EasyUS Todo Backup?
What's the purpose? Strange login attemps "sshd[***] Received disconnect from **.**.**.**: 11: Bye Bye [preauth]"
How can you securely generate keys on AWS?
xss Scripting on clean-urls
How can I detect that steganography has been used?
OpenSSL generate different types of self signed certificate
Are there any security related rules in PCI-DSS that govern when I can capture a payment?
Defence Against Keyboard Keylogger
How secure is MongoDB wire protocol?
Is TLS 1.0 sufficiently secure for a bank?
Optimise user data fetch using S3
What can't a packet sniffer troubleshoot
How can you know what is distributed with your Linux
Why is it not possible for an ISP to man-in-the-middle attack an SSL connection?
Possible to submit multiple POST requests using CSRF?
Can you force your ISP to delete IP address log?
Is bugged CPU mean "gameover" for whole Computer?
Where are USB drivers stored in Windows?
TLS_RSA type ciphersuite and PFS
Subdomains a possible defense against phishing
Can WiMAX track its users' geo position?
Can an SSL client send CLIENT HELLO with version 3.2 and NOT negotiate 3.1
Export ciphers prevalance
How is time-based SQL injection different from other types of SQL injection?
What steps need to do to identify security hole
Identifying the source of a Crypto Locker attack
Basic self-signed certificate questions
Local Admin has Domain Admin rights
Techniques for Anti Virus evasion
ICO compliance and Google Cloud SQL
What are the risks posed by "pass-through authentication" and how are they mitigated?
At what point does adding more iterations to PBKDF2 provide no extra security?
How to generate cryptographically strong pseudorandom data very rapidly?
Storing passwords and other data for coworkers
Are the SS64.com password generators a good approach?
Is it possible to assign MAC-address-specific passphrases for a WiFi network?
How is the iCloud keychain protected from unauthorized access?
Is this a phishing attempt? if yes where to report?
Securing MS Exchange
Is there any point to keeping a "Verified by X" image on the page for a page secured by SSL?
cold boot attacks
Safe to expose Active Directory via LDAPS externally?
How Secure Rooted or Jailbroken Devices are?
Scanning for files than have been encrypted by CryptoLocker
Are RADIUS and TACACS+ Ever Allowed in FIPS 140-2 Compliant Scenarios?
Understanding certificate security
How to stop other websites from sending cross domain AJAX requests?
Secure system generated symmetric keys
Are there any web services which use any other form of authentication, than passwords?
If the code to shuffle an array is known, is it possible for the randomized shuffle to stay secure?
Do i need SSL certificate signed by a CA for hybrid mobile apps?
Return-oriented programming: how to find a stack pivot
Is this site vulnerable to sql injection?
PCI-DSS - key-based shell access to internal servers?
Securing an automatic updater
Using AesCryptoServiceProvider in C#, should using an incorrect IV mangle just the first block?
How to create an anti-flood mechanism without leaving VPN's out?
Is using an old Android phone for 2-factor authentication safe?
when integrity is implemented using encryption arises any problem?
Exploiting SUID Binary that connects to SSH server
Two way delegation?
What is the best way to manage gpg keys across multiple devices?
How to properly implement TLS on an ejabbered server
Compromised mobile device on a company network
Hacking Windows Box via Directory Traversal
Is generating an RSA key with password and then stripping it off more secure than no password at all?
Vulnerability of Chrome's "Login Data" file after being orphaned from the host system
SQL Server of my hosting provider allows me to see all databases. How secure is my mine?
Cable modem/router hidden internal ISP network?
What stops a hacker from installing its own CA certificate?
What does Mark Shuttleworth mean by "we have root"?
SSL/TLS in Jabber
Routing Protocol Encryption
Why does DestroyFVKeyOnStandby no longer work to secure Mavericks?
Location of server affects the speed of page loading?
Man-in-the-middle SSL generation on request possible
Preventing XSS for REST API
Disabling SMEP on x86_64
Is "Small HTTP server" malware?
scrypt strength with "weak" salt
Openssl view csr extentions
Should I use a firewall even though I am on a private vlan inside a data-center?
Is SSL required for sites hosted behind WAF?
Brute Force In Order Or Random?
Message authentication code based on a single AES block
Protecting computers from quick physical access attacks
Is phpseclib a secure and reliable alternative to OpenSSL?
Protected Client Server communication advice
Setting up a ram based VPN
AES key management
How to use sqlmap to perform SQL injection on a clean URL?
Is it possible to detect when a device has been MAC filtered on a Wi-Fi network?
Is this a security issue at the Remote Host or the Local Host?
Is it possible to restrict USB keys to only certified ones, and block that key's access on other computers
Protect session id without SSL - Accepted answer on Stack Overflow seems wrong?
Difference Between OAUTH, OpenID and OPENID Connect in very simple term?
Efficacy of Chrome incognito mode
Security implications for two applications communicating with TCP/IP on localhost
Can I use tor browser to make myself anonomous?
Helping developers find logic and authorisation flaws
Security of different OS
Does a flatbed scanner remember any of its previous scans?
Session IDs number repeated under mac
Reversing a block hash of SHA-1 with known Plaintext?
Securing data on a mobile device (even from the user/owner)?
Port Scanning Host that has Rate Limiting Enabled
What is the weakness of OFB in 8bit mode?
Could my computer be infiltrated if someone knows my external IP?
Configure OpenVPN as a local proxy to use it only when needed
SSL certificate for testing
What's The Easiest Way To Maintain Remote Users Access to a Webapp
Securing REST API for mobile use with OAuth
What are the risks of setting a cookie to have a more global scope?
Is there a way to access PKCS5 or 7 padding in OpenSSL without encrypting something?
Moving all servers to routeable IP Addresses
How can I detect if someone is using an ssh tunnel as a proxy to connect to a VPN?
Is this adaptation of using a One Time Pad safe?
How secure is OS X's Keychain access control?
Which PCR we can extend by using our own code?
Error 150 (net::ERR_SSL_PINNED_KEY_NOT_IN_CERT_CHAIN): The server's certificate appears to be a forgery
How to manage pen testing byproducts?
What's malicious about file links?
How is the iOS KeyChain master key derived?
I need help figuring out the meaning of a potential hijacking script
How to figure out who is pummeling my WP install with bogus login attempts
How to secure my captcha application?
What's the limit on the size of the data that public-key cryptos can handle?
Uploading Shell Using SQLI
Is $_REQUEST['id'] vulnerable to sql injection
Is there a way to notify me when my Android phone connects to an unencrypted GSM network?
Best practices when classifying log messages severity in an SIEM
Finding out what headers are visible
Is it possible to intercept https traffic and see the links?
API - Security design issues
How do I determine S/MIME encryption used?
Why is compression done between hash function and encryption in pgp?
How secure is WD MyPassport lock
Can I limit PHP include() to specific directory trees?
Fully encrypted social network theory
Defend against HTTP fingerprinting
How reliable is virtual hosting?
Is there a hash algorithm that can identify similar files or strings?
Malware that can survive BIOS re-flashing
Is disaster recovery a requirement for any and every application that uses any ePHI?
Using FileVault on a Mac with existing data
What output can a program, when executed from a command line, output to generate behavior that is a vulnerability on the terminal emulator?
Is Vimium (Chrome extension) really safe?
Who watches the watchmen? User empowerment over firewall behaviour on a personal computer
How does nmap determine if it's running HTTP service on a port? Fails here
Detecting SMIME type using OpenSSL CMS
Security provided through MAC filtering: Wired vs. Wireless Networks
PFS on nginx: only RC4 gets used (TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA)
Symmetric encryption with different encryption and decryption keys
Are there any potential security risks in connecting to a Murmur (Mumble) server?
Changing private keys
Uploading JSP (Any kind of java code) to Tomcat without manager
When do you use OpenID vs. OpenID Connect
Smashing the stack if it grows upwards
How to tell if a site is securely storing passwords?
How can someone sinkhole domains?
How can I block bots that consistently hit the same URLs?
Is HTTPS and Basic Authentication secure enough for banking webservices (RESTful)?
Does including the username in a password make it less secure?
What does the email header-line "message opened by mailclient" mean?
Is there a way to safely exchange two different informations like a sliding door?
Which URL is revealed when using wildcard SSL?
WPA 4 way handshake and authentication
Transmitting malicious code over audio speakers
How secure is redirecting user from http://normal.bank.com to https://secure.bank.com?
Security of an initial redirection from http://example.com to https://example.com
Is it possible to encrypt WiFi connection?
SMTP injection, how it is done and what can it cause?
Exploit Compilation Problem
Phone Privacy for Small Business
Android access tokens and access to all Google services
What is it common to only say "username or password is incorrect" in case of login errors?
How does an attacker abuse Facebook Connect with a leaked secret key?
How do worms spread over LAN?
SSL and Strategy to prevent destination URL from being revealed
Multi-key encryption algorithm
An analysis of storing hints for passwords?
How do shared folders work with Lastpass
OSSEC on an existing running machine
Untrusted central server and self-hosted/local client
Why do some websites increase the number of characters in the password field when logging in?
DUKPT - more specific materials
Is there a supported way to run a custom log export script at boot time in Checkpoint's Gaia OS?
Tracing security policy permissions in JavaScript
Difference between IDS and IPS and Firewall
What utilities can be used for Ping of death attack?
Convert a DER encoded Certificate to PEM encoded Certificate
Malware hidden on a USB drive, does the malware always need to run to hide itself?
Can I trust large companies like Google not to store failed password attempts?
How to track a Spoofed SMS on Iphone
Fishy: VMware sends traffic through akamai
DLL preloading attack - are IAT libraries affected too?
Creating a custom restore disk to prevent data mining?
Is Port Forwarding for bit torrent risky?
Visual fingerprint verification
What is the attacker trying to do? (maybe just spam my form)
Are these both cross frame scripting attacks?
Preventing DDoS from faked IP address
someone claims to have created such a malware, can he be true?
https://www.truecrypt.org forwards to http://www.truecrypt.org
Server attack attempts, what are they trying to achieve?
Is it safe/correct to grant full access to Everyone on a Windows symlink?
Invalid Certificate when adding Gmail account to Apple Mail
Is it important to keep my pastebin developer key private?
Safe communication via rest api between two known servers
Any risk of email configured for pop/imap access?
Cryptolocker: can servers be protected?
Authentication for external applications
Is badBIOS real?
Black-box fuzzing a TCP Port running an unknown applicaiton
A problem with the cookie theft detection mechanism of Barry Jaspan's Improved Persistent Login Cookie scheme
Recommendations about procedures and policies for an application security strategy?
How do I ensure secure communication and inter-process authentication in a multi-server application
Long-lived SSL connections to dynamic IP addresses
Access-Control-Allow-Origin wihout AJAX
How to secure a login.php file?
Encrypted chat using any smartphone. Is it legal?
Is using 'dot' and 'at' in email addresses in public text still useful?
Using only a firewall, how do I protect a database server from be exposed?
MITM vs. data leakage
In what sense is Knock to Unlock safer than a password?
Why does Google cripple the 2FA Google Authenticator PAM module?
Is honeywords different from k-anonymity?
symetric key encryption vs hashing
Does the average user really need a password manager?
Antivirus keeps blocking connection from a file I don't recognize
XSS scripts in console
Can Your ISP use a Packet Sniffer?
Using Diffie–Hellman key protocol to create a safe secret key
How reliable are device IDs provided by PhoneGap on Android and iOS?
Are KIS 2014, Malewarebytes Pro and SpyBot sufficient to prevent internet attacks?
Smart card + GnuPG: what is stored in my keyring/how to adopt smart card?
Is there any live ZRTP mitm attack demostrtion?
How does DES provide confusion and diffusion?
How to deal with a hacked laptop that's being remotely monitored
PGP: Including your public key as a recipient? Any less secure?
Discovering a vulnerable service on a machine
Why don't banks get hacked?
How to calculate combined false acceptance/rejection rates of multiple biometrics authentication systems?
DNS queries to compromise DNS cache
Using SSL for a single request
access control-intersection of subjects’ permissions
Purpose of key confirmation
Cryptography that looks like ordinary email
PHP null byte include failing explation seeked
how to store key securely
Tor alternatives (change IP address often)
How safe are password managers like LastPass?
Suspicious VMware connections that bypass firewall
OAuth for Multiparty Authentication/Authorization
Open Source tool for analysing javascript for security vulnerabilities
How did Snowden do it?
In what ways does increasing SSH host key length increase security
Bounds checking using Intel's MPX
3000 new contacts being added to gmail after receiving an email
Is there a standard, storage algorithm or protocol for fingerprints?
Is blocking UDP and TCP sufficient to prevent unwanted network activity?
SMIME email decryption key with OpenSSL
Identify if files are being transferred from my computer over the internet
Trust vs Reputation
Lightweight block ciphers definition
vsftp encryption algorithm
Decentralized online shopping service
question on rooting
OWASP Recommendation on Client-Side Password Hashing
SSL/TLS Question
What is the best practice to save encryption and decryption method in an application?
How to check whether a link is safe or not?
Are there any holes in this security design?
Role Based Authorization vs. Claim Based Authorization
Storing KeePass database in cloud. How safe?
Emails about Referrer Bombing
Is it possible to digitally sign information with a password?
Are web sites with non-https login pages secure?
Can I use Kali Linux when I learn Backtrack well?
Virtual Box security
Can I use a CDN for static content without sacrificing SSL keys?
Can a physican website be on a non-HIPAA server?
Why do I get all of these bad header checksum messages?
Single user mode for Windows
Is there a way to evade -Wformat-security?
Unsanitized HTML input
How long (in letters) are encryption keys for AES?
Is a return to libc attack possible without the system function?
How is "security word" safe from man in the middle attack?
Creating a domain admin account from NT\System access
Using Random Numbers As Session variables
TLS 1.2 Server certificate and signature_algorithms
How safe is Money Toolkit?
user identity certificate
Is it useful to protect hashed password with encryption?
Why not simply backup the TrueCrypt container file?
Google's Mobile Authentication for REST APIs
Disable local/KVM access on a Linux VPS (allow only SSH)
How does YubiKey protects it's secret key?
BSD encryption advantages
Should I do science of computing or systems analyst?
What is a good way to be alerted of major security patches for software I use?
What are some good design practices for cross-platform certificate storage?
Why is cross site scripting in URL dangerious if I don't use cookies?
How does nmap do a zombie and decoy scan?
How can I secure IP Multicast traffic?
Are there any web application security standards?
What type of information should be shown to an end user for a logon session summary?
Forensic analysis of Android SQLite DBs
Using AES to encrypt user data
Achieving End to End encryption with TLS
Securing multiple connections with different protocols all together
How to mitigate SSL based DDoS attacks?
How do I decrypt an Adobe Triple DES ECB-mode encrypted password?
How do you secure service account password on enterprise windows enviroment?
If I want to protect a string from modification, is it enough to salt and hash it?
Do normal SMS risks apply to DigiCel mobile banking? What mitigations are likely in place?
What key needs to be used to compute HMAC?
Is what flexi_auth does with its use of its $this->auth object good practice?
Validating correctness amongst untrusted answers
Is it possible to create secure streaming server
What is the difference between SSH and IPsec?
Security implications of shared credentials on private APN
What was the Lavabit's backdoors to their customers' e-mails?
Security: Oauth and Mobile apps
Determining false positives when scanning for live hosts with Nmap
Is MS-CHAPv2 incompatible with securely stored passwords?
Is using Git for deploying a bad practice?
Should I tunnel multiple TCP connections through a TLS/SSL tunnel or use TLS/SSL for each connection?
Which security standards define the time of inactivity before locking the screen
Block all Nmap scan methods on Windows
Secure the Datacenter, untrust the LAN?
Am I correctly preventing XSS in PHP?
List of social engineering hacks and defenses
Guidance for "image based" password reset challenge
help me about salting passwords
Why are we still using HTTP?
What is setuid based script root spoofing?
Why can SSL certificates not be free of charge?
Transmission of messages
Is it possible to scan a remote host in another network if I know a port that is opened?
Are there any known vulnerabilities in PPTP VPNs when configured properly?
Throttling DropBox behind a firewall
Trustworthy Android recovery image that allows rooting?
What details does my iPhone reveal about the user (if any) when I connect to a wifi network?
encrypted emails and keyservers
Key Management: storing encrypted key in database and decrypted key in session variable
Any Suggestion Exchanging shared key between process via port in untrusted machine (infected my malware)?
What key to use in HMAC
A new virus with unknown function
Data categorization: tools?
GPG good signature but Warning: untrusted signature
Nmap reporting almost every port as open
Free/Libre software to handle TCG OPAL 2.0-compliant Self-Encrypting Drives (SEDs)?
Does a PCI DSS category 2x device require the same physical security as a 1a/b?
How to get Service_key and the corresponding function call interface from the Samba source TGS_REP part
Which is safer, GSM or CDMA?
How to restrict access to unwanted sites?
How do Java applet exploits work?
Generating a TRULY random string in PHP
Caught this hitting our webmail server, any ideas?
Do disassemblers detect standard functions?
Is it possible to store an android apk in SIM card and install it from there?
Running browser as different user (in Linux)
Email hacker, what to do now?
Vulnerability Scanner vs Security Audit
Would this idea for a password be secure?
Are there "LAN IPs" on the internet?
On Hawkes' technique to bypass canaries
Should user's password strength be assessed at client or at server side?
How to alert webmaster if he does not put contact address
How Tor, Privoxy, Vidalia and Polipo are getting together?
usernames and passwords
Where to download a list of email accounts hacked from Adobe?
Secure storage/retrieval of data in a database
Creating New Acc in Mac Mail 1st Connect to Server not SSL is uname & pw tx secure?
What are the security implications of a device like Coin?
Applications security review
Can smartphone spyware work even if there is no data connection?
Is it possible to install spyware in password protected android phone?
The need for created timestamp in tokens
Is there any virus that deletes Personal Folder?
Why block network ports?
How to properly configure OSSEC for Web Application Security ?
How to investigate this anomaly?
Strange Virus Infecting My Server
Main difference between Yahalom and Needham-Schroeder key exchange protocols
OpenSSL create both keys at once
What SSD maker has implemented Secure Erase to spec?
What types of hacking attacks happen alongside a DOS or DDOS attack?
What does Django's ALLOWED_HOSTS variable actually do?
How to prevent other hosts on the same LAN from seeing my IP and host name?
How can I test that I have correctly disabled unnecessary HTTP methods?
Using Selenium tool for xss scripts
When paying online with a credit card, what is "3D authentication" and is it reliable?
Choosing the right X.509 certificate infrastructure for securing LAN communications between a PC and a device
How secure is NOPASSWD in passwordless sudo mode?
Is it possible that the same VISA debit card numbers could be issued to different people by different banks?
Can query string command line exploits in older CGI implementations of PHP be protected against without updating PHP versions?
Using secp256k1 and ECDSA with IKE
Network and Security Associates v.s. CISCO Security Associates
hardware firewall placement
Fundamental differences between digital ID and SSL security certificates
Prevention against Cryptolocker virus by requesting password for all installing apps in Windows 7
How can I stop this attack on my router?
Managing and deploying web app passwords
Storing credit cards to use for purchases on customer's behalf
How to Man in the Middle Internal AD Traffic
Where to publish security research?
Why does MySQLi using question marks (?) instead of the sprintf formatting?
Removing Persistent MBR Malware
Does any OpenID identity provider allow site-unique arbitrary email addresses?
Sensitive data and phone calls
If DNSSEC is so questionable, why is it ahead of DNSCurve in adoption?
Verifying one specific attack vector of Cross Site Scripting
how does IE or chrome verifies certificate?
Website Authenticity/Verification without SSL
Storing opened mail attachments unencrypted in /tmp is a normal thing?
Is there a foolproof method to remove spyware from Android smartphone?
Port list according to vulnerability
S/MIME doesn't protect against a stolen password, right?
Security concerns with a "fiddle" site?
How secure are hashed passwords that are salted too?
ISP and ssh tunneling
Can Tor browser bundle be attacked like this?
Safe way of accepting customer-supplied private keys?
Does Internet Explorer handle Extended Validation properly
How to check if our clients were compromised by security breaches in other web applications?
Do I need to salt PBKDF2 when it's used for AES encryption
backtrack or kali linux ??? Which is best for a beginner pen tester ?
How were weak passwords brute forced in github?
Is "Why Should You Avoid AES In MySQL?" true?
Why am I unable to connect to an address spoofed with arpspoof?
Wordlists on Kali Linux?
Do corrupted pdfs become a virus?
Can SHA-1 PRNG still create secure cipher keys?
Self-teach pentesting/CEH skills ethically
How do I convert from this weird John/Asleap format to lc (for HashCat)?
How do I verify exactly which cipher suite is in use for this Remote Desktop session?
Is HTTPS based on a private key on the user side?
Commonly used url parameters
Uses of Threat Modeling outside of application development?
(Why) should the clipboard be cleared when it contains content from a closed program?
Does Ubuntu Server have a "phone home" feature?
ufw, system-config-firewall-tui, or firewalld vs iptables
Is there a down side to how so many security products bundle multiple components into one these days?
Determing live hosts past a restrictive firewall with nmap
What security products are necessary or advised for a home computer running Windows?
Should I use sudo with the normal user or root or sudo with another user?
Does bcrypt on top of md5 reduce its security?
Is HMAC-SHA256 and HMAC-SHA512 able to act as drop in replacement for HMAC-SHA1 in HOTP/TOTP?
Camellia and ECDHE_ECDSA -ECDSA in TLS1.2
How to MiTM SSL on a device with no proxy settings
Reliability of windows OS security for "program files" safe guard
TLS v1.0 best cipher for OpenVPN setup
Sonar power saving. Attacks and how to mitigate
Does semi-sensitive information demand encryption / security?
Is it safe to give an Oauth token to client side javascript so it can directly make requests to a server?
How authentication using md5 works in this ospf example?
What is the hack attempt going on when I see: did not issue MAIL/EXPN/VRFY/ETRN during connection to MTA
Use the hash of the password to encrypted password
Does nmap limit probes when using time limiting on decoy scans?
How to secure and limit access to a web based application hosted on a local server
Is this good management of the Encryption Key
Trying to verify my X509 certificate "could not verify this certificate for unknown reasons"
What does it mean to have a "file name with NULL bytes in serialized instances"?
Does Thunderbird send IP address?
"Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange" in plain English
I don't quite understand the principle of "use after free" and CVE-2010-1119
How to sign and encrypt mails using firefox
How secure is the private storage of a mobile app
How does ssl prevent MITM attacks
Evil maids in the server room
Windows certificate store suddenly changed security level of one of my certificates
SSLv3 or SSL Certificate Version 2?
Security risks if a server in not supported anymore
Why don’t SMTP servers just require all senders to be authenticated before accepting mail?
Pentesting Cleanup
How to keep Mac secure from viruses, malware and keyloggers?
Hydra gives wrong answers
how can I secure my static ip router?
How do I know if I have a keylogger from my Flash client on Windows 7?
Speaking Plain HTTP over an SSL enabled Server port
How to do server side validations in Java to prevent XSS?
What is a pen tester?
Is CISSP suitable for a Java architect?
How should developers handle Form POST variables that conflict with route variables?
Are there any reasons to be concerned about the security of "Coin"?
iOS: sandbox of an iphone app
Irreversible hashing without collision
can one stop spam with my name but not my address
How to destroy VOIP phone in a proper way?
Who other than my ISP can perform man-in-the-middle attacks?
Password sending through network
Resources for determining if Metasploit has exploit for given CVE
Restricting locations for unzipping a zip file
Lost user password in Slackware 14.1, how to resolve encryption in /etc/shadow?
Why is ICMP timestamping disabled on OS X?
Suspicious activity on contact form, what are their intentions?
Submit form with token
How to interpret these (en|de)cryption instructions?
Starting a new shell in a strcpy exploit using buffer overflow
How much are 0-days worth?
A crash/mini dump concern
Can you securely wipe an SSD by filling the remaining space with bogus data?
Would SSH MitM attacks utilize spoof IPs?
company is sending md5 string via GET['password'] dangerous?
Using timeouts to automatically detect blind sql injection exploits
Should all Server Certificates from one CA have the same CRL
Does the ordering of encryption and hashing matter?
Client Authentication by certificates in Google APP Engine java
Security implications of adding all domains to CORS (i.e. Access-Control-Allow-Origin: *)
What are the risks if a weak ciphers are accepted by a technology that uses SSL
finding bot generated traffic through object requested behavior
using counter instead of salt for hashing
What to do when I found a spyware that my spouse has installed?
Why should one avoid chains of SSH sessions?
PCI Compliance Distibution
File-structure when using token
What level of PCI Compliance do I need to adhere to if I do not store, but transmit data?
Security of cloud-based password manager (Dashlane, LastPass) vs. federated login (OpenID, Google, Yahoo, Microsoft, Facebook)
Server security experiment?
Sqlmap - appears to be UNION injectable
Is it a good practice to show 403 unauthorized access error to user?
TrueCrypt on shared cloud folder (Dropbox, Skydrive,...)
Encryption method and other security concerns for a simple password manager
Sending Client Certificate to Server
How does the MITM (Man in the middle) attack happen with respect to SQRL
Protocols that are highly resistant to code injection attacks ?
Force a specific SSL cipher
Access-Control-Allow-Origin header spoofing?
Two-factor port-knocking via SMS (TXT)
how to find out if a program sends data to internet (without permission)?
Does bcrypt compare the hashes in "length-constant" time?
OpenSSL get key length of all certs
Installing SSL on load balancer and the internal IP
Explanation of open ports
Digital Certificate "Signature and Fingerprint"
Why doesn't the CPU verify/enforce matching call/ret addresses?
How to store user credentials like Mint.com
City Government Emailing User Name and Password
Intercepting business calls and forwarding them back to me
I accidentally installed an adware filled Firefox [solved]
What are the implications of running a Tor non-exit relay node?
How do you limit javascript api to a domain?
What methods are there of protecting a VPS from DDOS attacks?
Site preventing user from closing tab/closing browser
Is it safe to do full disc encryption without ECC DRAM?
A low tech yet secure way to keep track of passwords?
Installing Joomla with nobody:nobody user/group (CentOS/cPanel)
For DHE_RSA_.. Cipher Suites what is RSA used for?
How to detect authenticity Of Client and Server Certificate?
How to detect Network Address Translation (NAT)?
What is Open Resolver Project and how does it solve DNS reflection attacks?
Renting a remote server with IPMI: is one vulnerable?
Suggestions on easy distribution/installation of self signed certificates & roots to mobile devices
Why is always possible to discover and exploit new zero-day vulnerabilities?
Botnet callback patterns
DNS Domain Issue
Read-Only USB thumb as Linux boot encryption authentication
Security on Ubuntu 12.04 LST Server for Business App
Does changing the keyfile of a LUKS volume after opening it increase key security?
Can my customer's ISP trace who visited my business website?
Why EMV cards cannot be cloned?
Lots of bot hits, referer seems to be the variable
Proxy aware or DNS capable meterpreter?
Browsers silently adding trusted root certificates in Windows
Can a mismatched server encoding on HTTP POST or GET result in a security issue?
Are there any Layer 2 Wifi RFC proposals that isolate each connection from each other? (like a switch)
Does having non-ECC SDRAM affect security of the system?
How does IPSec protect against IP spoofing?
How is DDoS different from DRDoS?
Difference between free ssl and non-free ssl?
Token based authentication under http
How to extract the top-level of protocols into the csv file by using tshark command?
Best practice for accessing management port of firewall
What is the difference between antivirus and firewalls
Implementation of different BCrypt versions
Purpose of using base64 encoded urls
Hardware encryption for mobile data
What kind of software can be used to remove Rootkit.Sirefef.Gen?
MD5 Algorithms in web development
How to properly select a code audit company?
Efficiency of Steganography with Linear Codes
VPN Authentication over WiFi -- Is it secure?
Service TO Service Authentication & authorization
PPTP and Split Routing
Network and data security for small online businesses?
What are the MitM implications of a stolen client-side private key?
How to circumvent compromised CPUs in major FOSS operating systems
can Veracode be taught to accept mitigations that it does not yet recognize
Home network website tracking
Access control of Linux and Bell LaPadula Model
Backup personal email on VPS - privacy, security and trust risks
Is there any security threat due to advertisements?
Why is my Mac trying to connect to an http://akamai.com server
Advice on using encryption for self training app
Risks and prevention methods associated with flagging or downvoting?
Layered email encryption with multiple private keys on separate media
What's the difference between Anti-malware and antispyware?
Organizing scheduled vulnerability scans
OpenVPN Tap vs Tun Mode
What are the realistic chances of email being intercepted via SMTP/TCP-IP?
Rainbowtable - Start with plain text
Authenticate user without knowing their password
Computer sending unstopped ICMP echo request to an IP
Can a program change the shortcut location of a browser to itself without UAC (Admin) in Windows?
NAT traversal for IPsec AH protocol
How secure is the web-based file browser that comes with my NAS?
Tumblr app on while Android phone logged onto work wifi
Should the root Unix user have a shell?
How could someone create a Facebook account with my email address without stealing it?
Securing REST API for use by mobile apps
How are WPA Keys stored on a router?
How to verify a message?
Denial of service when uploading a file
Certificate for Email Encryption and signing
Bridge Firewall vs Routing Firewall
Confused about symmetric 128,256 key and the secret provided
Shared hosting vs VPS
Is applying AES multiple times safer?
If I send someone a google search results link, am I sending them any information about me?
Is there a way to put a self destroy password on Ubuntu disk encryption?
Rainbow Tables: What is the Reduction Used for?
How common is Perfect Forward Secrecy in HTTPS clients?
Read-write mount both hidden + regular TrueCrypt volume at same time?
Getting more users to use PGP
Data integrity of malicious content in the database
Is SSL secure enough for a REST API - has anyone used PGP or AES to encrypt the actual data inside SSL?
Are there risks associated with connecting to a public hotspot?
Pf rules configuration
What method for CSRF token generation should I use in my scenario?
Does a simple mobile REST API need HTTPS?
Is it a good idea to hash a string and use it as a passphrase?
For remotely unlocking LUKS volumes via SSH, how can I verify integrity before sending passphrase?
What are the security benefits of reset all fields if captcha was failed?
Trace facebook user ip. Is it even possible?
What protection certificates would be required for an application that consists of setup, loading utility and main application?
Protect against POST //cgi-bin/php attacks?
Is it bad practice to use your real name online?
PCI-DSS Is the infrastructure really in-scope?
Seeking help with implementing SCRAM in .NET
How does tunneling actually work?
How do I montior exactly what a program does?
What trust level should I give keys I need for encryption?
Encryption of PCI data, and PCI-DSS scoping
What is the purpose of 'Version:' in PGP public key
SSL what's the client write key used in application layer?
the possibility of man in the middle attack
Pentest -- handling multiple reverse shells
Should digital forensics examiners avoid the term "evidence" outside legal proceedings?
Is it legal to publish viticim's password and email?
Why not hashing and salting passwords?
How would a keylogger bypass Wireshark sniffing?
unexpected thumbprint when connecting via remote desktop - what now?
Transport Layer Security for multiple persons
Inform someone about a hacked account
Evil certificate authority in public-key-infrastructure
Is there an advantage to applying pbkdf2 to a key that's used to generate a MAC?
Why do some certificates specifically identify a corporation and most don't?
How does a client know that a DNS zone is DNSSEC protected?
Can I ask GPG keyservers to name all keys signed by a particular key?
Are strong WPA2 passwords "good enough" for WiFi security?
At what length does a password stop making sense?
Subdomain-only SSL security/availability
Does using WPA2-Enterprise just change the attack model vs WPA2-PSK?
How do time-limited keys work for e.g. DCP files?
Putty Event Log
Is my computer trying to download something malicious from Dropbox?
Verifying NLA support on Remote Desktop
Is there other vulnerabilities than CVE of NVD
Write-protection at hardware level for security
Should I trust my bank after this
How can an out-of-the-box (Windows) server not be secure?
How to secure API (private key) for mobile apps
How can I control the content of the HTTP HOST header in requests issued from my website?
Is there an attack that can modify ciphertext while still allowing it to be decrypted?
Can a zero knowledge proof of voting be made using a trusted auth server (without client side crypto)?
Do modern Android devices provide access to their Secure Elelement in some way?
Associate guest orders with account if email matches?
Hiding BitTorrent clients
Broken/halfbaked security with this implementation?
Advice of responsible disclosure
Metadata-free Email: How can SENDER directly, anonymously, and securely ask RECIPIENT’s mail provider to deliver a metadata-free email?
Questions on IDS, IPS, VLANs and VPN
Installed new Wildcard certificates on my server, but still appear as expired on browser
How do arbitrary payloads execute on the remote machine?
ROP resistant gadgetless binaries
Can we identify if someone is keeping an eye on our computer usage?
Safe to utilize "unknown" SSH-server?
Tricky code to make memory-safe
What is the difference between SYN cookie, SYN cache, and SYN proxy?
Does CRIME also compromise basic access authentication?
Java SSL factory connection to SSL server (with just public-key and certificate)
MiTM attacks SSL to SSL
Would PGP/GPG have been a better choice than SSL for browsers and http servers to encrypt traffic?
MAC changer and VPN can be trusted?
Why is ActiveX said to be insecure?
Sniff HTTP(S) from PPTP VPN server
How to retrieve the admin's password of a webapp?
What is the difference between DHE and ECDH?
XSS when <, > and " are escaped?
What does chacha20-poly1305@openssh.com mean for me?
Import nmap scan results into OpenVAS
What is best method for retest blind sql vulnerability
What kind of requests are those?
TPM- Symmetric key storage
forcing a traffic redirect?
Is QuickVPN Secure
Secret Santa and Windows Security
How to prevent user's mobile phone position tracked
What is mutation XSS (mXSS)?
How secure are the new TLDs ( .us, .io, ...) and do they compare to .com?
Password algorithm to be integrated on a website
Does WPA2 Enterprise mitigate evil twin attacks?
My Email Security is Low
Building a website with MAXIMUM website security
Nessus No host data is available for this scan error
Why is there a minimum username length?
Can a site I browse in private browsing mode tell if I visited it in regular mode before?
Windows Authentication and Session Ids
Is every hash format that nginx accepts for HTTP Basic Auth weak against brute force?
How can I protect myself against programs that turn the webcam on without the indicator light?
Helpdesk role and local admins
Making a content injection target
WordPress theme infected by 5a9fa481.megaline.co malware
Deny Skype video access in Linux?
handle user-session-cookie and csrf token correctly for javascript app
very bad malware that masquerades as spyware?
security performance criteria in employee reviews
How To Recover EFS Cert From Backup?
Is Gmail showing images by default a good idea for privacy?
Encrypting content using same secret key as hash?
using asymmetric encryption to encrypt private key
How to ensure an email address is not free webmail or ISP address?
Does an email signature increase security?
DSA Generates different signatures with the same data
Can a Vulnerability Management tool highlight BIOS and driver-level vulnerabilities?
Handle snort's rules remotely
What is a company's benefit of training employees in cybersecurity?
Does it make sense to keep RC4?
Is scanning via source ports still relevant/advised?
PHP on IIS 7.5 Hacked - How do I find and fix the XSS Injection?
Do any tracking networks or ad networks not use JavaScript and only track based on IP address? If yes, how can they be prevented?
DSL Modem Compromised?
Why does OAuth2 demand client credentials in an authorization header?
encrypting a file with an RSA key
Keyboard firmware hack - Linux vulnerable?
How to Check if my mail is classified as Spam
How are "security levels" of identities in TeamSpeak 3 implemented?
Wifi security SSID clarification
Why should I run OWASP Broken Web Applications Project as host only or NAT?
If you connect through a website via a proxy, and the proxy doesn't save information, can you still be linked back?
Is it technically possible to configure two different SSL certificates for the same domain?
How can attacker bypass this dom xss filter?
Open VPN has DNS leak
Why these 2 regexp won't work as expected in ModSecurity?
Securely passing critical data to other domain
Trusted Platform Module, daughterboard vs onboard TPM?
Security Certificate not from a valid authority
Application security architecture framework
Isn't it less secure to use something you are for authentication?
How to make authenticity of text verifiable without third party services?
How much security information to publicise?
Is there man in middle attack when using mobile phone calls?
"Scanner" tab disabled in Burp Suite
Suggestions on how to capture network connections/traffic for determining browser/SSL versions?
Using public key infrastructure or hashing for personal identification privacy?
What are the major vulns that affect the Dalvik VM of Android?
Outbound proxy which whitelists by server certificate?
Can a VPN connection established by running a VPN client from an arbitrary location increase security?
Does HTTPS encryption work when there is invalid or there is no certificate?
What are the dangers with creating MySQL databases on the fly?
Is it possible for me to extract my own AES disk encryption key?
How do I protect myself from clickjacking attacks?
How secure is XMPP with self-signed SSL certificates?
WiFi Direct/WPS key question
Does Skype Trump SSLStrip?
Can "remember me" be done securely on an accountless website?
Getting rid of trojans on Windows XP - the basic toolkit
Sniffing 3g network Pockethound
NTKRNLPA.EXE connected to strange IP
How are zero days found?
Where did common "minimum password length" guidelines originate?
Can't brute force password cracking somehow be throttled?
Course of action with this malware
NGO Joomla! site: Infected with malware? JavaScript injection?
Microsoft IIS Express
Stolen Laptop - Next steps
Does Google/Dropbox/Github Two-Step Verification count as Two-Factor?
Protecting sensitive content in JS source code and Ajax cals
Challenges in authentications
Password management
When using private browsing can a website view data stored before private browsing was turned on?
Use Metasploit to exploit SMB through Conficker
Regarding SQL Inject me Firefox add-on?
Self-signed CA and combining wildcard and SAN certificates
Use nmap correctly
storing username/email and password with a hash of the hash of the email/password?
2 AP (TP-LINK) - bridge mode - security issues
When is it appropriate to challenge with a secret word?
How can I succesfully pentest site with two factor authentication?
Security risks of leaving open a VPN connection
'Remember Me' combined with Auth Token
How to find list of open ports in any given ip without using common scanning tools
Privacy/Security with SSH Tunnels and QuickVPN
Pop-ups in Private Browsing?
What kind of attacks can be performed off a local network?
Is it safe to use PBKDF2 for hashing?
Why Apache runs as unprivileged user?
Automated tools to test Struts OGNL security vulnerabilities
How does SSH defend against keystroke-timing attacks?
Is Django's built-in CSRF protection enough?
Can one be infected just by reading an e-mail
DH parameters recommended size?
Hacking through a browser?
Token authentication and storage / websocket issues
PCI DSS 2.0 and ssh keys
How to use one time pad if the key is shorter than the plaintext?
How to detect changes to client
How does a website get pass my server firewall and attempt to hotlink to my server resources?
Are Modern Servers susceptible to HTTP Splitting Attacks
Is Webgoat's HTTP Splitting Attack corrupt?
Certificate Transparency
Why should double submit CSRF tokens be cryptographically strong random numbers?
Is DNS service secure?
How a database connection makes mysqli_real_escape_string more secure?
Why there are uninvited incoming packets to my ADSL connection?
Hacked site - encrypted code
What permissions should I give to a MySQL 'user' that searches my database?
Benefit to using PBKDF2 on key generated by RNGCryptoServiceProvider?
Would siloing passwords into their own locked down schema improve security?
How to stay anonymous in public wireless network?
Does the Oracle Database Built-in Password Protections prevent pass-the-hash or replay attacks?
How do I securely separate a wireless subnet from the wired network?
Can I buy a signing-valid certificate for internal use?
Client certificate for 2 way SSL works in some programs, and fails in most
Salt usage for Spring security?
Unrestricted File Upload - Possible exploits
What's wrong with this authentication system?
Why not plug DeAuth
How is an Authenticode timestamp verified?
How can someone go off-web, and anonymise themselves after a life online?
Is it typical to create both x509 and OpenPGP key pairs?
How do I educate others about social engineering?
Grey vs Green padlock in address bar - technical difference
RSA key recovery using sound - How does it work?
How to select the right SSL cipher suite for low powered hardware?
Bcrypt SHA-256 implementation
How does the stack cookie protect return address from being overwrite
Surveillance: blocking laptop's microphone from spying on you?
Why is Google trying to communicate with svchost.exe
How to achieve seamless SSO without having the user to login again (SAML 2.0 & ADFS using OpenSSO)
How does an IDS identify a computer ?
Storing product keys on same server as shop?
How does Windows/IIS keep a certificate protected or should I never run Apache Webserver on a Windows server?
Verizon wireless router is pinging my web server - is this ok or bad?
Which BCP/DRP sections are solely related to the software vendor?
Are all cipher suites with rc4 in them intrinsically flawed?
For someone who has a key and ciphertext, is it possible to find out what encryption algorithm was used?
Google Open ID connect and ID token
Should an administrator be able to turn off TFA for a user
Is it possible to steal a non secure Cookie when the Web Server (IIS) only allows Https?
ASP.NET Web API and potential XSS
Any eventhandlers that apply to hidden elements?
What is this encrypted with or where can I find examples of encryptions to compare it with?
Can anonymizing techniques make you less anonymous?
Cracking passwords after a pattern with John
How is password character validation in 3D secure is implemented?
Trust a non-root CA in OpenSSL
If Apache is configured to parse PHP can users see PHP source code?
MiTM not working --rejected by router?
How can I use a proxy appliance as HTTP Proxy & Reverse Proxy at the same time?
How bad is exposing valid user names?
Consider a "zero-knowledge" file host such as mega.co.nz. How can one prevent users to upload unencrypted content?
Is my service provider hacked and what can I do to protect myself?
How secure is a partial 64bit hash of a SHA1 160bit hash?
Can the xor of two RNG outputs ever be less secure than one of them?
Do generic custom scripts avoid detection more than common security applications?
physical access proof smart card for disk encryption
Securing wifi with encryption
Can a website determine what OS or webbrowser a visitor is using if the useragent is blanked/changed?
Testing a hardware random number generator
Safely Use sudo Without allowing Other applications root privileges on Mavericks
Increased HEAD traffic to my website
Any good tutorials / libaries for implementing TLS-SRP?
UTF-7 XSS attacks in modern browsers
Buffer Overflow on Raspberry PI
Is it possible that my home ADSL router firmware was hacked?
4096 Bit RSA Encryption Cracked
Basic simple encryption with already installed tools
Does the haystack theory work
Do I need to password protect [web] services that are only accessible internally?
Setting up a Secure Home Proxy for VPN Service Providers
Look over my Web API Authentication Scheme
Is PPTP VPN ever secure? Under DD-WRT?
How to pass an email address securely to a web application X embedded inside a web application Y
How would I give an encryption key to only one person?
PHP Handlers and Caching
Is knowing 'a' encrypted with 'b' and 'b' encrypted with 'a' a possible threat?
arp request to a ghost host
Is Chrome in Metro Mode more secure than Chrome in Desktop Mode?
How dangerous is it to allow arbitrary webhook urls to post to?
What is the safest way to copy a file from an untrusted system?
What are the pros and cons of using yubikey with ssd hardware encryption?
Considerations for security release notes
Why is there a "show password" functionality in some login forms?
What are the vulnerabilities of using a 256 bit encrypted PDF file over email?
One or two machines in a network have been compromised. How to proceed
How to measure the integrity of the OS (Linux)?
Do simple Linux servers really need a non-root user for security reasons?
"holding open" encrypted home with local ssh
HTTPs token Parameters : UDIAuthToken
Does it make sense to use two factor authentication with password protected wp-admin folder?
Is there any other way to trace a computer besides its IP?
SPAM Email Analysis
Why OpenSSL can't use /dev/random directly?
What datastructure would/have you used to store ACLs within a hybrid ACL/RBAC system?
How should we announce vulnerabilities in our application?
How to learn programming from a hacker's prospective
Risks of client-side encryption using Stanford Crypto Library
How to harden SSH on CentOS 6.5
Authencity of information displayed on an untrusted device
How is DOM XSS possible here?
How much can someone see from my iPhone by connecting to my wifi
Regarding SQL Injection at Back End?
How can I keep another device from being able to see my iPhone messages and documents when they are connected to my wifi
Are VPNs using shared secret susceptible to trivial MITM attacks
Photo Attachment's Feature For Some Mail Servers
Best way to store passwords for a LAN tool?
Shall I enable 'send all traffic over VPN' on my Mac?
What are the steps to securing encryption keys/databases on an unsecured DAAS provider?
What hacking risks a site has if it has no input boxes?
Tracking down the source of email attacks
Can non-https assets be tampered with?
How can I be sure my former employer no longer has access to my computer?
How to prevent email discovery in forms?
Is an SSH session to a mistaken site a security exposure?
What is a good XSS vector without forward slashes and spaces?
Using the same base string for a password in several different logins
Who is the creator of the CIA triad?
Signing session cookies
How to change TEA round count?
False positive Apache version in scanner results on Centos
Any issues with this security design for cloud storage? Server doesn't even need to know password to log someone in
Arbitrary methods directly callable with Front Controller pattern
How to Minimize Apache Loadable Modules (serving MediaWiki)
Is there any useful Android app for security assessments?
Is SSH secure and what are the recommended modes of operation?
Does iptables work in kernel mode?
Question about a "Password Space" definition
Wifi pineapple "Karma"
how to continuously caputre all my network traffic?
How secure is "Secure Keyboard Entry" in Mac OS X's Terminal?
How can brute force scripts tell once they're found the correct key?
Teaching Introduction to Information Security as a mandatory course. Please your advice
What are the Security Risks of Disabling Reverse Path Filtering
SSL handshake: what makes it unforgeable?
Learning to script tools in Python and general Pen Testing
Is asymmetric encryption vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks?
HOTP/similar - how about standard backups of mobile devices?
Does an SSL Certificate (https) guarantee security without every page being SSL secured?
Questions about in-scope information assets for an ISO27001 ISMS
Are cross site scripting attacks and sql injection a good topic for my thesis?
What criteria should be used for manually reviewing / prioritizing failed logins?
Which signing key should I use for certifying other peoples public keys: master or subkey?
does a public key work with all encrypted programs
Detection of function hooking in iOS
NX bit: does it protect the stack?
Cross site Scripting in HTTP Method?
OpenSSL Secure Renegotiation
Identify users accessing hidden link in a website
Which part is the longest when gerating RSA key pairs?
is 'mysql_real_escape_string' enough
How does the 'QuantumInsert' attack work?
How could disabling 'Hide File Extensions' in Windows make a system more secure?
OAuth2 - Is it safe to return the access-token to the user?
Password security
Can malicious code be contained outside the filesystem on a USB drive?
Should we bother with cell-level encryption for an ASP.NET/SQL Server web application?
Chrome inline JavaScript string interpreatation
Facing hard encryption
Key Exchange algorithm to be used for REST framework
Missing Secure Attribute in Encrypted Session (SSL) Cookie Recheck
How securely random is Oracle's java.security.SecureRandom
I'm getting my masters in cybersecurity and I have a bs in criminal justice... need guidance
ISP can detect DNS requests for a website. Can it do the same for websites embedded inside other websites ?
How can I store a password history to prevent reuse?
Just found out my internet was routing through a proxy, how screwed am I?
When does a PA-DSS certified application expire?
How to safely use a Key Derivation Function to secure private data - need guidance
What are the difference in which different website that are built by different technologies prevent the occurrence of cross site scripting?
Ways to completely spoof browser user agent and hiding OS to a webserver
If I am not logged into my company's WIFI, can they view my information? Or am I transmitting?
What are good ways to check for tampering/bad behaviour on a linux server that has already been set up but it's your first time logging into it
Company Laptop and iTunes/iPhone
How secure are credit card readers?
How does Authy's 2FA work, if it doesn't connect to the server?
validate file encryption without decryption key
What is a self-contained cross-platform encryption for USB drive?
How to check if the HTTPS connection is using perfect forward secrecy?
Is the concept of Authenticated Anonymity possible?
Website login protection with chrome extension
How secure are the GPG/PGP keyservers?
Question: How to plan email policy for start-ups?
Can I use a vpn to securely use prototypes of webapps from my phone or laptop?
Why is a CA certificate required for EAP-TLS clients?
Ideal cryptocurrency digital signature
Detecting Malware in the android App
Is there any reason in particular encryption keys aren't arbitrarily large?
Is it ok to email someone their password from a newly created account?
Signature instead of PIN, Visa card
What does Gazzang zNcrypt actually protect against?
LDAP and anonymous bind for PCI compliance
Banking platform accepts password containing subset of real password
Custom rest api / client security scheme
Are HTML Components (HTC) files a potential attack vector?
How to write a rock solid TOTP implementation?
How to check if wifi is safe while travelling?
Are USB thumb drives inherently more dangerous than other removable media? Why?
Learning recommendation for Enterprise PKI design and management?
Separating Apache and MySQL over Tor for security, performance, and reliability
Ways to Redirect URLs
Why would you need a salt for AES-CBS when IV is already randomly generated and stored with the encrypted data?
Netgear WNDR4000 open port 53
With a 'man in the middle' attack, can the attacker find out Client/Server session keys with a compromised AS/TGS secret key?
What kinds of encryption are _not_ breakable via Quantum Computers?
Should we encrypt in-app user messaging?
Proof of quantum safety of the Merkle signature scheme
After having confirmed a computer is infected by a Botnet.
I don't understand how BIPS got hacked
Enforce a time limit on the number of uploads per user
What security exposure (if any) can result from lots of apparently odd referrers in server log
Location to store an encryption key
Self-changing javascript characters in text editors
opening random extensions with notepad
iptables: plaintext password protection
Is exploit researching different from penetration testing
Can kali linux be hacked
Is there any solution for block the HTTPS traffic using URL filtering?
Tell and sell a (web app) vulnerability legally
Using multiple hash-functions along the line
Can I trust the details given in Resource Monitor?
DDOS slow-http attack prevention
Is my information secure when using Private Tunnel?
Best practice for informing a website they've been compromised?
IP cameras or webcams and wifi/network security
What approach would you choose to defend againt DDoS attacks from Nginx level?
Intrusion Detection and Prevention technologies
XXE and its impact
What security mechanisms enable a user to change their password under a Kerberos environment?
How can I ensure that an android app was installed on a physical device and not an emulator?
Help to understand secure connections and encryption using both private/public key in RSA?
What are good resources to do hands-on practice on network penetration testing?
OpenPGP keyserver URLs: what are typical or meaningful use-cases?
Hotmail security
Algorithms to store and send data
Cellular Mobile Network Vulnerabilities - Is VPN the solution?
How do phone location services get their information?
Can signature-based Antivirus detect encrypted malware?
Can a sql query with both user input and parameter be prone to sql injection?
Security of several files all using same password/key (7zip, AES256)
Sharing login session from one website to another?
How to check if computer is controlled remotely
How a provider can tap an internet line even for SSL encrypted connection
If I use a good Master Password in Firefox, is security improved when I Remember Passwords instead of re-type?
Privacy-preserving authentication with unique user identification for Web applications
For security reasons, can I block ping response on my router without disabling my network?
Hiding process from Task Manager
Does a chain of proxies (e.g. one connecting to another and another and so on) make tracing the original IP harder/impossible?
Null byte injection on PHP?
Someone faxed me a bunch of black paper
Skype Audio / Video Session over VPN?
Nessus scanner and Red Hat backport security updates
I want to implement UART module in Xilinx with Encryption functionality so which algorithm i shuld choose RSA or AES
Penetration testing reported ZERO vulnerabilities. Does this mean my web app is secure?
Why P2P need portforwarding when behind NAT?
Difference between key generation and key agreement
How to send GET/POST requests without header and agent information
Windows privileges to escalate?
Is data exposed in a CSRF attack?
Supplying a password to PBKDF2 in raw binary vs. base64?
Someone logged on my Centos VM; Can they attack the host OS?
Protection against Keyloggers?
Host Header Attacks
Performance of biometric authentication on cell phones as of 2014?
List of NSA spyware - remote bios exploits
Are there any security concerns for CGI scripts written in pure bash?
How to detect anomalous activity in web server traffic?
Is HTTPS + FacebookID + Secret Header token sufficient for a user login?
Is it possible for an attacker to change my sent emails content before arrival?
Is it possible to sign a certificate such that the issuer is different than in the CA's certificate?
Given a Gnupg Public / Private key pair, how can I identify the strength of the encryption used?
How do I find out if I'm connecting to a spoofed server after getting "The authenticity of host [hostname] can't be estabilished"?
Javascript http to https redirect - how vulnerable/how secure?
Writing Security Functionality Requirements
Why isn't there a Global Root for SSL?
Anonymous website
How to generate Initalization Vectors correctly
Why should the dh keylength match rsa length in tls?
Can you be DDoS'ed even if you are behind a home router with no open ports?
Where does Active Directory store user hashes?
How to enable a http post form penetration test?
What steps remain for a robust, neutral and surveillance-proof Internet?
Encrypting data in a load-balanced application - am I doing this right?
Executing PHP WeService script by clicking a link within an e-mail
"Safe" public WiFi
Identify and disable weak cipher suites
Can we control the SSL version for ClientHello
If a remote user types in a password in a LogMeIn session, can the controlled computer extract the characters?
Remove a privilege from a Windows admin account : good or useless idea?
How secure is Windows EFS on Amazon?
Documented Best Practices for Reverse Proxy Implementation
Security considerations for SQL database with employee data in blob field
Wordpress - cleartext admin credentials disclosure
SSL/TLS in-memory data interception after decryption
Encrypt user data when they log in with Facebook, Gmail, etc
Can ISPs log IP connections?
Credit card information being sent over HTTP?
Anti-DoS WebSockets Best Practices
What is the full extent of information about my computer that a website can get?
What are the security implications of pairwise master key caching in Wireless Networks?
Caching Behaviour on major browsers
How online document signing services guarantee non-repudiation?
Possible exploits for PHPword/ PHPexcel
Is htaccess secure enought to whitelist clients IPs?
How much safe is "the cloud" ? What is the simplest and safest approach in storing everyday personal data?
Governement like classified information system
What are the pros and cons of using a password safe instead of writing passwords on paper?
Is my ISP BGP/DNS hijacking?
Security implications of setting the same password on private key and PKCS12/JKS?
Regarding Cross-Site Scripting attacks
Are these SQL injection checks a bad idea?
Anomaly detection in HTTP REFERER
Using skype for an attack
Required skills before jumping into vulnerability research
How to securely provide data to a web server using a data warehouse?
What do people mean by "top-down manner" in X.509 certificates?
How can you check the installed Certificate Authority in windows 7/8?
Getting detailed information about an infected website
What unique fingerprinting information can an iOS7 app collect?
Security risks of typing wrong password
PC showed evidence of a phone being attached for no obvious reason. Theories on why?
Problem with qgankgyefx..vbe virus
Is Domain Logins a potential attack vector?
Java Drive By & Stub - Explanation
I got a python script decrypted out of a pcap from a botnet
Who is this strangely named Certificate Authority?
How to make a strong password?
What is the best approach to protect against BYOD?
Is it possible to make a "proof of anteriority" for sites content?
Should I decode a base64 password before hashing for storage?
Trust a possibly compromised system for iso downloads
How does an encryption key work?
How to go about an SSL certificate renewal
How does an encryption key work?
Tor traffic correlation attacks by global adversaries
What is the advantage of using a symmetric cipher like AES to generate a keystream?
Can hackers detect my operating system?
Google's usage of RC4
How does VPN (IPSec) work?
How to find the actual address of spoofed IPs?
What info to log/store about a user login?
RK Hunter Warns about /usr/lib/apache2/mpm-event/apache2 uses deleted files, how to further investigate the matter and how shall I treat it?
Is setting up my own VPN more secure than buying from third party vendors?
If someone has access to VPN and your computer, is there a point of using VPN?
Getting access to MAC address of access point from a device wired to the network
How does a Distributed Denial Of Service Attack work
MS12-020: Remote Code Execution
Protecting user data via encryption
Is embedding the EAX nonce inside the Associated Data considered safe?
Surfing web anonymously on a mac using Firefox SSH and Tor
From where I can get a list of trusted certificates fo HTTPS?
How to trust ICs?
Limit attempt of user login against PBKDF2
Is sshpass utility insecure than manual ssh password authentication?
Localhost WebSocket defense
Am I right by changing the default algorithm on a web app?
Reasonable way to store encrypted passwords in a webapp's database, Linux
Login details security using salt and hash, and a login role in postgresql
SAML2 encryption
Security against IP Spoofing
Should Content in <noscript> Blocks Be Escaped
What is the strength of the key derivation function on Android device encryption?
Any MITM tool for forcing weak SSL cipher suite?
Using buffer overflow on word with macro injection
Can we build a key exchange protocol without certificates?
How to use WinObj for detecting security issues?
How much is ASLR effectiveness impacted by different ABIs?
How can I protect files on my personal home PC for when it is connected to my employers network via VPN?
IDS false positive rates
Forcing IE11 to use perfect forward secrey on AWS ELB
Use of openssl could be a weak point in an Android App?
Does critical SubjectAltName IP:x.x.x.x on an SSL client certificate limit where the certificate can be used from?
Forward secrecy for kids
Isolating guest networks
How do I restrict network access to LAN for visitors
RSA encryption confidentiality
How does Ram Scraper work?
Main factors that influence information security effectiveness?
Hash algorithm without ASIC's
How to pass credentials across applications securely?
Help investigating potential website attack (URL rewriting and ROT-13 obfuscation)
Builder vs. Breaker - Do developers make good pen testers & vice versa
How to store passphrase in this situation?
Prevention of netcutter use in the College LAN
What is the ultimate goal of hacking a webserver?
What kind of dictionaries can be created from a normal dictionary?
What are good approaches to modify TLS/SSL trafic in order to make a HTTP bot?
Packet size and flood attacks
What options are available for implementing DLP?
Hydra bruteforce is giving wrong passwords. Can't seem to work any help?
Intercepting HTTP requests from a Java Application
What information can be gained from an Email Header?
Contents retrieved from a not protected url from content owner's server. Legal?
Is there a way to get information out of the router
Sql Injection - Possible exploitations on a real case
Meaning of webpage link containing www23
Nested encryption for multiple users
Does setting up a DMZ for a home consumer "cloud" appliance make sense?
How to guarantee privacy on files that I store
Can I exploit Windows kernel from user-mode application?
Forgetting passwords typed in too frequently
Sending Salts For Key Generation
Can I trust profile data a 3rd party auth provider send to me?
Examples of images causing buffer overflows?
What is the most secure way to send emails using PGP?
search CA for someone's public key
Identify HTTPS vs Application SSL Traffic
Server not requesting for certificate in SSL handshake
How to validate a client certificate
Proper way to target spammers on pages such as user registration, password recovery, etc
If I visit a HTTPS website when using Tor, is my IP exposed?
How do I sign another person's key and make the signature expire?
How can I determine the Java version running on a remote server?
How do vulnerability reports work?
Valid Characters For Magnetic stripe
HMAC needed with SSL/AccessToken in place?
Android and FIPS
Snort alert log simple question
Is using an SSL Session ID along with a cookie based session verification more secure or not really?
Need help to Webservice in Axis2 with https in java
After the Cryptoperiod timespan, do we need to encrypt all the data again?
Tails like OS for Smartphones
Is AES feasible for secure hashing files?
Why does Directory traversal attack %C0%AF work?
Advantage Mutual authentication over PSK
Inversed Data Direction on the Stack
Is it possible to block requests for my MAC address?
Is there a benefit to having SSL connections on localhost?
Which digest algorithm to use with creating a public/private key pair
Why are OSX users of my TLS-only site being asked to supply a client certificate?
Decrypting a Truecrypt system - how to make deleted files unrecoverable?
Blocking Internet Monitoring Software
Hiding Keepass databases and Truecrypt containers
how to create an encrypted ssh tunnel between local machine and final machine?
How many security holes were discovered in the original version of Windows XP?
Which is best DPAPI or HSM?
Spoofing and guest network security
What is the excellence of RSA vs my algorithm
Reverse TCP connection from exploited SearchIndexer.exe failing
DNS Cache Poisoning as a Foil to SSL
Requiring 2 keys to access a content
Exploiting free WIFI security
How does a Short Authentication String (SAS) mitigate MITM attacks?
A fake phone tech changed my start up password.
Is there a chance USB files once opened by TV, PC etc. have any footprint, backup or residue files left on the hosting device it worked on?
Why check to see if a password is already used by another user?
How can a trusted intranet certificate be issued if they are being phased out?
Is Java relevant to Information Security?
Fake email messages via List-Unsubscribe header
Form submissions over HTTPS are not encrypted?
Why change password?
Danger of hidden html form uploading users local files without their knowledge
Does sending two different hashes of the same password reduce security?
Automatically search Metasploit for useable exploits based on vulnerabilties in the database
What happens if you run out of password attempts?
Service banner checking for vulnerabilities offline
How can I recover a GPG private key from a PC which has died?
Modifying SSL Certificate once created, Multi domain
PCI Complient Storing Credit Card Data On Offline Tablet
Would encryption of RAID6 arrays of SSDs be secure?
How do fake emailers work?
WDF-based vs WDM-based drivers
Secure chat -- is CTCP a good option?
List of certificate authorities in browsers and mobile platforms
Password stretching using concatenation of hashes
Why is it dangerous to stay logged in as root for an extended period of time?
Is it posible to bypass BIOS password without owner knowing later on?
How to check if a transaction on a web connection is encrypted
How is the widespread design of ATM rooms more secure?
Preventing softwares from leaving traces in Windows | deleting the traces easily
Is it possible to prevent a physical attack on full disk encryption?
Is it safe to write the salt AND/OR the IV at the beggining of an encrypted file?
Is a separate server needed for remotely accesing accounting software?
Is the standard scheme of RSA CCA and CPA secure?
Strange activity on Apache httpd access log
Understanding WS-Security and XML-Enc parts of a SOAP Request
Attack on old OpenSSL/Debian vulnerability doesn't work on a vulnerable box
Viable way to ruin a milk corporation?
Should things that need to be reversed be encrypted?
IPSec optional advanced questions [homework] AH/ESP and Tunnel/Transport modes
Windows 7 password recovery
In Tor, what stops the end server from following the breadcrumbs back to their origin?
Basic Security Knowledge
Erasing encryption (LUKS) keys before suspend-to-RAM?
How to find malicious images in server?
How does one decide whether to block malicious scanning activities?
Where to keep key file used as composite key for Keepass 2
Is authorisation with token secure?
Protecting against Firewire DMA vulnerabilities in Linux
Should I install an SSL certificate for a website that uses a third party payment gateway?
What kind of virus attack is this? And what do I do now?
nmap no ping returns host is active and all ports are filtered
What is the impact of the recent GPG acoustic key sniffing research?
C++ or Java for a career in Information Security
How to minimise risk to sensitive data in temp files in shared hosting environment before encryption?
Have I crossed my t's and dotted my lower-case j's? (or, implementing AES, please help get some eyes on my code)
Cryptography - Perfect Secrecy
How to deny shell execution in all sub-directories?
Email Spoofing by SMTP Message-ID?
avoid hitting DB to authenticate a user on EVERY request in stateless web app architecture?
Hashed Database: Hash Functions
Is cloud hosting allowed for FIPS 140-2?
Idea for hiding your mobile phones' location, and still be able to place and receive calls. Any suggestions?
How can we get the second id for sqlmap
Is filling up the empty space in a disk with any data enough measure against file recovery
Bank accepts different password to the one that I set
How to Encrypt Credit Card number for storing it in sql server database according to PCI DSS Requirement?
Is sqlmap tracable?
XSS cookie stealing without redirecting to another page
Comparison of bcrypt and scrypt
Best practice for forgot password form, ok to leak that a given e-mail is invalid
Apparently PayPal-affiliated site with very suspect security
Indirectly relaying intranet server to outside world
DPAPI equivalent on linux?
Internet and Email privacy in an "internet-enemy" country
What are the security risks associated with storing passwords on the internet?
3rd party SSL security and having an extra layer of SSL
Hashes of overlapping data - does it make them easier to crack even when neither is cracked
Are non-personal AD users a security risk?
How to process or manage Key-Encryption-Key using HSM?
How does IP Spoofing increase the upload speed?
Root certificate key usage (non-self-signed end entity)
How are private keys handled in an enterprise?
Why are chips safer than magnetic stripes?
Can isolated forms be dangerous for my server security?
What are the benefits of having multiple overwriting patterns for secure deletion?
Are userid and password needed in order to pentest a website?
Has there been any documented cases where hackers have hijacked the phone number to a business?
Is a Pattern Lock any more secure then a typical text password?
What are the major security concerns for smartphones?
Security implications of granting IIS user group folder modify permissions
Cryptography behind chip based credit cards (smart cards)?
Compilation Error "fatal error: openssl rc4.h: No such file or directory"
Retrieve, from a failed wifi hotspot connection attempt, the password posted
Why are Windows computers open to network file access by default?
attack signatures
Bank cards - chips vs mag stripe security
Is there a way to split up my SSH Key using Shamir's Secret Sharing?
Sending messages using OTR & and GPG -- is it detectable?
Escaping rich text editor output
Can a Java servlet filter be used to pull out scripts that aren't whitelisted?
Is a simple Whirlpool hash with random salt secure enough?
Difference Between Binary Exploitation and Reverse Engineering?
Should websites be allowed to disable autocomplete on forms or fields?
USB Flash drives and data theft: x355
What is LFI vulnerability
Secure data with server and RSA?
What is the risk of leaking IMEI / IMSI numbers over a network
Why does not GSM use any stream cipher mode (OFB, CFB)?
Block Cipher Pseudocode
Building an VM with Vagrant and connecting with ssh+2FA to protect a bitcoin wallet?
What features boost security for a home edge router?
Is dd-wrt generally more secure than manufacturer's firmware?
Which exploit types does software diversity have a benefit against?
Can I get a malware on Windows without administrative rights?
Adding plugin to meterpreter
Can be WiFi credentials obtained by autoconnection feature + a mimicking hotspot?
How to prevent user from recovering my iPhone data?
How to run a tor hidden service from home securely?
How to manage security for multiple PC and VM?
Possible ways of exploiting PHP register_globals
Is it ever safe to skip server-side validations?
Is it possible to use AH in transport mode on an IPSec channel with mediation?
Does Gibson's fingerprinting service add much additional security?
Building a web application security focused team
How did the spammers get this address?
HTTP Reverse Proxy: Correct way to do SSL to backend
understanding the point of VPNs
Digital signatures and truly validating what was actually agreed to
Are there any mail services that don't store encryption keys?
Potential damage of someone getting your online banking password
Suppressing broadcast traffic in honeyd logs?
Hardware USB Key to Reset Any Windows Password
Injected Images
Can one use IP-spoofing to anonymize DDOS attacks?
Keyed-hashing a password with a hash of the password + salt as the key, is it safe?
Ways to authenticate client with a server
Keeping TrueCrypt keyfiles in plain sight
My Home Phone is being used to place calls to fax numbers
Should login pages be cacheable?
PCI DSS compliance for storing PAN and PII in multi-tenant environment
How to avoid log4j output external modification
Are OpenPGP Robot key signers useful?
Can a firewall blocking a guest virtual machine secure the host?
What influences the speed of rendered php page using encryption
What additional mitigations are necessary due to "Continue where I left off"?
Security against IP Spoofing without consulting network administrator
Brute force on Hydra with non-ASCII usernames and passwords
How does a CA add www and raw domain names to my cert when my CSR doesn't have them?
Should police departments recommend the securit.leadsonline.com website as a secure place to store information about our valuables?
Is it safe to use the official Facebook apps in a public Wifi?
Creating Client Certificates
Best practice for data security on a web application
In Same Origin Policy, why are different protocols considered a security violation?
CakePHP Set-Cookie Response Header
service providers and web activity
Does a TLS interception proxy present the user's browser with the end server's certificate?
My home PC was hacked and accessed my bank! Advice on next steps?
Is there a point in restoring from backups if you don't know where the virus came from?
What are the implications of storing sensitive data in bookmarklets?
OAuth2 with client credentials v/s other auth mechanisms
Does two-factor authentication reduce the need for a long password?
RHS Blocklist, Other blocklists and impacts of RHS blocking on similar domains
Encryption and Deniability
Use of pwgen with sha1 to create recreatable passwords
Why is no cloud allowed in this brief?
How can I view the contents of a web page without running malicious code?
Java Applet - Need Code Signing Certificate vs SSL Certificate
Session id on page html source code
How to verify full USB drive's digital signature
Hack profile identification
Distributed IMAP-Dictionary-Attack-Tool?
SCADA, ICS Specfic Testing Tools and Methodologies
why are the first few characters of a DSA Private Key similar?
A Question about Database Encryption
Protecting MYSQL with Fail2Ban?
Bouncy Castle C# API and NTRUEncrypt
To what extend can a DOS attack succeed even if it was detected?
HTTPS Proxy Everwhere?
DHE Verification
On what layer should password hashing and/or encryption take place
How strong is this encryption?
Extracting Facebook ID or email from browser's history
Securing a prediction about a future event
How does DigitalOcean DNS verify the owner of a domain?
How does Windows 8's Microsoft Account authentication work?
How can I allow access to encrypted data if only 2 out of 3 users provide a secret?
Ips used by the same person?
Zeus for iOS devices
Can sessions be handled securely with cookies disabled?
Cryptic threat names
Why does changing physical router not warn of possible man in the middle attack?
Can a webpage read another page's cookies?
Industry standards for threat names
New to security, is php password_hash() good enough?
WPA/PSK Dictionaries
Only one entry in No-SQL database needs encrypting
Actually, isn't it bad to redirect http to https?
Base Programming for vulnerabilities
Why not use client certificates for premaster key generation
Email rejected by the server
How is it on some removable media, when enabling/disabling password protection the changes happen immediately?
How do we know if the hard disk we just bought is "clean"?
Contact person by phone, when their phone might have malware
RSA vs ECDSA for VANET Security
Do you need to use the same number of rounds for everyone with bcrypt?
MySQL encryption without knowing key
How to Protect JSON Data
Are smart watches secure?
Difference between password expiration and account expiration
How do clients enroll using SRP?
Does server RAM count as storage for PCI Compliance?
is it possible to write php code in address bar and its gonna work?
Is it worth it to get paid anti-virus software?
iOS, Android, and OS X SHA-2 support (in the context of SSL/TLS certificates)
Unknown Website Linking to my Local Files?
what is differential privacy?
Can authentication in social networks through VPN defeat the purpose of the latter?
Is there a way to be 100% sure that your computer is clean of viruses?
Is it really secure to store API keys in environment variables?
Defamatory post - obtaining evidence tracing perpetrator right to his laptop
Website doesn’t always log me out – Privacy concern or am I overreacting?
Why do multiple IP Addresses in my local network point to the same computer?
How to safely mirror network traffic for audit reasons?
Securely transmit sensitive data
best practice for encrypted filesystem inside a file
What are some good ways to prevent a malicious visitor from maxing out our customer's API maximum allowed service calls?
Protecting data on an embedded device
Is Telegram secure?
What if user can't answer the security question during password reset?
Implementation language for crypto
Downloading through Tor or not Tor?
How hard is it to read flash memory off a chip?
how to protect my linux pc from wifi sniffing
Why do client certificates not protected against improper server certificate validation
Is there such a thing as a non-expiring SSL certificate?
How are ACK storms created and what's a good mitigation strategy for them?
Determining if company is considered a business associate under HIPAA?
Scapy capturing Dot11 headers windows
Is it PCI compliant to send credit card details to the server without saving them there?
Encrypting user details
Is it dangerous to sync my data with my personal server through unencrypted http?
CentOS for security testing?
Timing Safe String Comparison - Avoiding Length Leak
Any residual effects after SQLMAP has been run?
Why should XSS filters escape forward slash?
Why does this buffer overflow have payload &system-&exit-&BINSH
Managing and storing lots of SSH keys in the cloud
Does checking the fingerprint of a self signed certificate improve security?
About password_hash() in PHP and storing (part of) its salt outside DB
Different certificate information for the same website?
Security controls to implement on a private environment
ECDSA vs ECDH vs Ed25519 vs Curve25519
Should I publish my public SSH key with user@hostname at the end?
Locking IP addresses to try and improve security
Is there any documentation or reviews about LINE messenger security?
RatticDB for passwords is not encrypted. Is this good approach?
NetFlow IP Spoofing/Reflection Attack Detection
BIOS spyware query
Are there any working proof-of-concept string comparison timing attacks?
Using Gmail in China triggered lots of Two Factor SMS
Are there GPS tracker for laptops?
Hashing Passphrase in Client-Side JavaScript Rather than Server-Side -- Is it Viable?
What are spambots doing with unintelligible login attempts?
Where do suspect requests from logged-in users to my website come from?
Secure uploading file
www-data is sending rogue mails through sendmail. How do I find the source?
What is the best way to generate a password/pin like string using brute force method?
What is best way to encrypt a blob with public key?
Using unique email address for online signups?
Describe an example of indistinguishability obfuscation or functional encryption
PCI DSS - only one primary function per server
Are longer passwords more secure?
What is the incident Plan and Disaster recovery plan for Fire
ASLR: why do only 12 bits change on 32bit system?
Public Key Cryptography : Key length
Dangerous to open a unix socket within www root?
SSL Handshake failed
How to check executable code signing signatures?
Sharing passwords through email can be considered insecure?
What is the purpose of changing the default SSID?
Extracting the GPG userid from the Public key file?
Is it safe to use createHTMLDocument to sanitize HTML?
Secure communication between server and client
Protecting client's data over the wire
Using public/private key without signed certificate
OAuth2 authorization - save token in the cookies or in the session?
Pattern based password cracking
Cross-checking Driver's License Against DMV Using MySQL DB or PHP Script?
Do the Linux binary blobs contain any intentional security holes?
How can I prevent my database from being compromised if my CakePHP app is compromised?
Is it safe (or a good idea) to advertise the use of bcrypt?
Malware stole an executable file on my computer? Seems unlikely
Can cookies reveal my email address?
API Security Testing Methodologies
Does the principle of the CRIME & BEAST attack affect VPNs?
Do known plaintext attacks lead to exposure of the key?
Snort not showing dropped/blocked packets
Way for two parties to establish that they are not previously known to each other
Preventing reverse-engineering of client application
What can an attacker do if he knew my database credentials?
What are industry-standard recommended practices to protect user information in an Android app?
Does password "strength" matter anymore?
Does reverse proxy between two web servers impact security of both?
Should I reject obviously poor passwords?
what freeware tool for java source code review?
POST over HTTPS "secure enough" for sensitive data?
Zlib DEFLATE decompression bomb
Block Packets in snort
How to secure data in a stolen raid disk?
side channel attacks - powered off system with physical access
How to log packets which are allowed by SNORT?
What is the meaning of "Key Deletion" operation?
How to detect bots clicking a link?
Why do GUI terminals allow the pasting of control characters?
Ensuring security in Token url authentication
Weird condition in blind SQL injection point, substr() is valid for exactly two chars
Any reason to use bcrypt, pbkdf2, scrpt for other things than passwords?
Bad practice to have a "god" password?
Internet monitoring and DNS encryption
When using keyfiles with TrueCrypt how does the file size and/or number of files affect the difficulty of breaking into the container?
How to prevent malware to know when removable devices are plugged in
Problems with undefined password requirements
Can you generate Diffie-Hellman parameters quickly
How can I ensure that Dropbox is using only its folder?
Does the .net mvc/iis stack support whitelists for bidirectional authentication for SSL/TLS connections?
Is it bad practice to add an encrypted private key to source control?
How CDN operator will decide content fo me if i am using google public DNS
Duration of torrent activity and ISP tracking
Malware getting root access via "sudo" and "sudo -s"
Why can't just any program use his own file-system-access-system?
Is my hashing technique secure?
Advantages of multiple valid CSRF tokens
Username and password stored under form data in Chrome Dev Tools
Cookie+session based CSRF protection
Encryption key generation performance
Detecting(and locating) rogue DHCP server on a local area network
Clamav can't detect encoded virus files
Hash the signing key of an authentication token in database
How should IPSec be configured to provide a protection at least as good as my current Stunnel configuration?
Is ASP.net More Secure than PHP in GENERAL?
websites with vulnerabilities INFO
Hardware Dependent Encryption
How to hide the sensitive data from the developer of the application and the DBA of the database
What are the Standard Practices for Securely Storing Encryption Keys in Databases
What could be the reason for the high traffic on the local network?
Key-Exchange Algorithms VS Local Key Generation?
What is an offsite facility as per PCI DSS requirement 9.5.1?
RESTful API URLs and Denial Of Service attacks
How do I determine whether a Linux-based router still has the default password?
Forensic research: What OS to use
WPA2 enterprise credentials involved in encryption?
how to implement 4-legged authentication for mobile application?
Does my UI need to be secure if my API is?
How can this input-sanitizer function be defeated?
HTTP security headers on non HTML (images, JavaScript, etc)
International bank transfer, what is safe to share?
SSO via HMAC and shared key. Can this be improved?
Is my approach to anonymous certificate based HTTP(s) authentication and secure private messaging sound?
If a site says its API for login can't be made available for "Security Reasons" should I be worried
Someone keeps using my email address. What to do?
Using 1-day expiration GPG keys only... any disadvantages?
How is HTTPS Everywhere leaking my Twitter session from an incognito window?
Is anti virus software supposed to clean up registry entries made by malware?
Does (online) poker require cryptographically secure randomness?
JSON Web Tokens (JWT) as user identification and authentication tokens
How can we know which debian package correct which CVE
Will deferring password choice until after account activation improve security?
Windows XP expiry security vulnerability of POS
Restrict request to Android and Iphone App only?
Does ISP have control on all routers in their network?
Is authentication through proxy sites safer?
What patterns does a signature based anti-virus look for?
Security Measures For Banking Information
Password prompt before en-/decryption to prevent Side Channel Attacks on FPGA?
Is there an other place than the changelogs to see if a debian package is corrected or not?
Could using a generated key from an online service be considered a risk?
in which format this code is encoded ? and how i decode it?
SAML and kerberos what to use where
Design a webapp that uses OAuth, but with tokens that can't be used by the operator?
Why would a user agent string be executed?
Does PHP have a XSS API?
Are there any fast Homomorphic Obfuscuation techniques available?
inquiry about SHA1 with RSA for certificate signature
Is Certificate pinning different from CA pinning?
Revoke decryption capability
Looking For Compiled Version of Metasploit Local Windows Exploits
RSA key exposure
Is winmail.dat a malware propagation vector?
How can mp3blaster vulnerability affect my linux OS?
Why stack is not at the same address when exec running in GDB
Resetting passwords howto
Facebook iOS SDK Authentication
Statistics about Significant security breaches in 2013
cURL and custom Rest API authentication exposure
Password generation - too primitive?
How do you know if blowfish key is correct?
Why are private certificates not trusted?
Corporate IT monitoring and access to user private data (keylogging? https data transmission?)
True/false statements in MSSQL without < > and =
DNS cache poisoning in LAN without MITM
Current industry standard key management solution for web app on linux host
does any botnet/malware traffic use ssh or anything else other than TCP/IP?
AngularJS Static Analysis Tools
Malware threats from other mounted hard drives
How secure is a Python Pyro daemon for storing a password?
Authenticating Users from Android with PHP Webservice
How does a third party file encryption get along with OS native file encryption?
Simple Session Management Across Multiple Application Servers
How to simply and efficiently generate different keys from one password?
Make firewall management public?
Home banking site request, it possible for a small web agency?
Is the connection to Tor hidden services encrypted?
Splitting IP suite?
Uploading Disabled for executable file during change of Extension
Prevention from cross site scripting in different scenerio?
Security of carrying passwords on person
One public key contains all subkeys?
How to calculate CVSS of an attack so that it matches those in CVEs?
What Information is Exposed When I Send A Message From My Mobile Device
manually approach to check vulnerabilities?
What is the definition of "multi-failure" disaster recovery?
What does Windows's built-in encryption do, if I can seemingly always read my encrypted files?
Why can't someone break email or https encryption by somehow getting access to the encryption key?
Is 'Forge' Javascript crypto library secure?
Is there a theorem that states "whatever can be done with trust can be done without"?
Appropriate way to encrypt passwords/financial info?
In regards to GPG4Win, what does "use NAME as default secret key"?
role based access control - same role, different departments
what will happen if us government shutdown Tier-1 internet backbone?
Key Management in Interception Proxies?
What causes wifi network connections to timeout?
Trojan TCP and UDP ports removal solution?
Why pull upgrade from production server rather pushing them from development server?
Is it useful to use 'dot' and 'at' in email addresses in documents on the web?
Pgp Private key storage on windows server advice
How to configure Kismet to redetect same BSSIDs in a loop?
Want to implement a really good authentication mechanism for REST API
How do I use nmap to scan a range of IPv6 addresses?
Should a user be able to change another user's role to match their own?
Does it make sense to implement OAuth when no 3rd party is involved
Legacy system PCI Compliance
Where does a Hyper-V guest get its entropy when generating a certificate authority key pair?
How do I solve a lot of Failure Audit (529 680) which are appearing in event viewer “Security” tab?
Should IBAN and bank details be considered private data and encrypted?
Why would an attacker try to guess random email usernames on a small domain?
How to use an OR condition with the content of a snort rule
How (in)secure is POP/IMAP/SMTP
Is Temporary XSS a Problem?
What is a Certification Path in SSL certificate?
How are client side hacks created?
Why is password strength often underestimated and uncertain in the context of password hashing?
Why are DSA keys referred to as DSS keys when used with SSH?
Automatic connection from LSASS to different IPs. Is this the usual behavior?
Log Attacks in Different Files using Snort
Do the BEAST and CRIME attacks apply to an IMAP service?
MSSQL injection help
Protecting wireless network
How can I recover from a hacked WordPress site and prevent future attacks?
Is IP whitelist sufficient to protect a server?
How do SSL authenticated users prove authenticity through UDP packets?
wifi devices connected even if they give a wrong password, how can i use this vulnerability
Snapchat clone: How do I secure pre-downloaded notifications so that they cannot be opened outside of the app?
Is it bad to use the same sequence of characters in each password?
Are there any known attacks for a laptop with the wifi connection turned off?
Is encryption less resistant to brute-forcing compared to hashing?
Allow access only for some Mac Ids
Is it possible to hash bcrypt passwords more securely?
Are there any logic-bombs that execute when the file is deleted?
Security of login form
Is it bad practice to use the same password on different sites?
Time Memory Trade-Off Attacks
HIPAA compliant on Azure cloud?
Where is the Line?
ensuring that compiled (and signed) packages don't contain malicious code
MSSQL injection convert syntax error
What's the best way to secure inter-server communication for cloud servers?
Does my account lockout policy makes sense?
Provider can access my local network?
Internal code-signing certificate on Windows
Security related code in Open Source projects?
Breaking encryption with hash value of password?
Removing Unnecessary Services & Packages in a MySQL Ubuntu 12.04 Server
What if I've been hacked and my IP is static?
Can closing port 80 lead to more security?
Can local Admin on Windows be given restricted permissions?
What does the field vuln-security-protection stand-for in the NVD cve lists 2.0?
Does Diffie-Hellmann (DH) key exchange protocol lower Off-The-Record protocol (OTR) security level?
Major differences between Kali and SecurityOnion
Use TLS certificate as both server and client?
"Optimal" Web Server SSL Cipher Suite Configuration
How secure is EncFS compared to TrueCrypt?
Confused about career path
Root certificate from an CA company which can be encrpyted by SoftHSM
Bridged routers security
Disk Wiping - How can I be sure
Secure 'pg_settings' for PostgreSQL
How to best use JavaScript to encrypt client side so the server never sees it?
How to airgap a smartphone?
Is it secure to access web with Xubuntu in VirtualBox running in Windows XP?
RBAC and assertions, which authorization flow is better?
Proxy traffic via MITM script
Will the “Tor Browser” maintain a safe & anonymous internet connection over a computer's sleep/standby-and-resume cycle?
Should I encrypt Long-lived Facebook Access Token when storing them in my DB?
Lost Smart Card - extract private key?
Private Key and Public Key Serial Number and Thumbprints
What are the pros and cons of using live CDs vs VMs for malware analysis?
Convert RSA SSH public key file into x509 certificate
Does connection that use 0.0.0.0 in Foreign Address secured?
Where do you store your personal private GPG key?
Can XML attributes be exploited?
Best way to set up SSL certificates for consuming web service from Azure
Securing an IIS application with a complex configuration
VPN Client - Addtional Security Layer or a Useless Feature
Is it normal for a payment procedure to ask for third party cookies to be turned on?
Code injection in files with 0644 permissions
valid PDF signature without using hardware HSM or usb Token
sqlmap: testing javascript or json parameters
Frequency Analysis
What do Msgsrvr and Scientia-ssdb do?
Why did Facebook not use HSTS for a long time after it became available?
Problems with l0phtcrack
Why does the RFC 5280 dictate the CAs not to issue certificates with negative serial numbers?
How to diagnose No Certificate alert
Do I ultimately have to hold a key in my head?
Storing third party auth info; Is this secure?
Hydra gives wrong passwords
How should I authenticate my SPA frontend with my API since I´ve got no authentication process in the site?
Emails are forwarded to wrong addresses and possible hacking?
Are Internet speed tests an attack vector?
Setting up NAT with firewall for RDP connection
Disable HNAP on D-Link router
Security of Moblie Hotspot (4G LTE, WiFi) vs. Apartment Complex Cable Internet
New to ossec - what does active response do out of the box
bin_random_table and RANDOM_BOOT_ID
How much harm can an attacker do on the Diffie-Hellman exchange?
Why is my browsing history visible outside my network?
Retrieve RAR Password through Extracted File
Is it possible to insert data into UUID?
Why are PSTN lines not encrypted?
E-mail already in use exploit
First steps in preventing DOS attacks
Legality of downloading leaked hashes / attempt cracking
Gmail, Google, and privacy
Server Encryption - Best practice
The best way to change my pgp key
Trying to reproduce a file upload compromise on Joomla
Is it possible to sabotage google bots?
How can it be possible to have encrypted communication between a server and a client if the server has only a public key
why credentials are not shown in mitmproxy?
Proxy via pfSense and exclusions for DNS
Is it safe to accept the security certificate from AOL chat?
How do vlans improve security?
What are the steps to take in order to securely transmit credit card information via a standard web form?
Forgot password to 7-Zip archive
NGINX Hacking Attempt
Cetificate Pinning. How do we handle the situation where a website is visited for the first time?
How to modify a certificate using getTBSCertificate() method
Is it possible to hack my encrypted session and hijack the session by electromagnetic waves?
Rainbow Tables: Why do we need to store the last value of a chain?
Preventing body onload xss that is injected as a request parameter
Ping Of Death reconstruction against a Windows 95 virtual machine
Is there a place where we can see which Microsoft's KB replaces which Microsoft's KB?
Is there a way of determining if tor is running on a remote machine?
Risk management with software code analysis
In a 3 tier (or more) PKI, is it permissible that a Name Constraint only be defined on the middle tier?
Is it possible to modify a support .js file in a web application by injection?
Bypass cookie validation
Is mosh now recommended by the security experts? (2014)
Is sending authorizing links through e-mail a vulnerability?
Is it okay to normalize unicode passwords with NFC/NFD?
Wireless Security Pen testing Setup
Why are salted hashes more secure for password storage?
user roles or access levels
Improving magnetic stripe card security with a "magnetic noise" hash?
Mechanisms to offer inexpensive https to all second level .wiki domains
Is 2FA really necessary with long, high entropy passwords?
How to check if URL/ IP belongs to a zeus bot
How can I be sure that my browser does not exfiltrate my passwords to some server?
What is the difference between ordinary XSS and Dom XSS vulnerabilities?
spam: several secret inboxes targeted at once. risk or coincidence?
A service that claims beyond army level encryption
CSRF prevention understanding
What good does the Kerberos Authentication Server
WireShark and Facebook
Can an inaccessible uploaded PDF harm a server?
“Keyset does not exist” when using SignData function with RSA
How could a comments plugin be securely loaded from domains people are already logged into?
Google Chrome Apps phishing
Why does password strength matter?
Questions about RSA/asymmetric key encryption?
Is using SHA-512 for storing passwords tolerable?
Keep receiving delivery failures for emails im not sending
Ads embedded in phone apps - what is accessible?
Should I log wrong passwords?
Retrieve files from possibly infected USB
Secure channels without web-of-trust or CA
How can I prove to a third party that I'm sending the emails I'm supposed to?
Directory traversal & default filesystem permissions (755) for web server
Should you notify software vendors that their software has been cracked?
The overlapping fragment attack using Scapy
Is Enabling DEP (Data Execution Prevention) For All Programs Worth the Risks?
Security implications of putting virtual hosts source code in /var/www/[domain]
Why don't servers vulnerable to NTP and DNS reflection attacks get blacklisted immediately?
What makes it difficult for Facebook to implement restriction/ACL for accessing uploaded photo?
A special file as the second factor in 2FA
Security Consequences of compromised passport data
How to use ESSIV to avoid seeing repeated patterns?
External hard drives: 'date last accessed' file?
GPG key trust after a signing party
What is the correct way to make a password salt?
EIP pointer is overwritten but EBP remains intact
XSS attack vector without forward slash?
How to encrypt more than 16 bytes using AES?
Don't understand how my mum's Gmail account was hacked
How to decrypt passwords gained by wireshark?
security clearance for programmers
TLS with non-repudiation; what happened with 'TLS Sign'?
Any vulnerabilities in allowing users to choose path of S3 file?
Is BitTorrent Sync a spyware?
Storing original length of encrypted message
Optimal flags to specify when using nmap to guess the OS on remote devices?
How big is the threat of Desktop Linux malware?
Identify SSL version and cipher suite
What attack requests "wp-admin" URLs without login cookies?
Is a pre-shared secret enough for encryption?
Is two phase authentication using SMS/voice dead?
How are .NET websites hacked?
Where to offer money for cracking check
Starting out, where should I be looking for vulns? Big bounty sites vs. smaller projects?
Hash user id securely
Why are SSL handshakes secure and why can't a hacker look at that and decrypt the data?
Does restarting an encrypted session increase security and deter attacks?
Wireless Positioning System (WPS) works without Internet?
Theoretical key encryption question
What are the arguments for and against having anti-virus on domain servers
Statistical Anomaly Detection with machine learning applications to IDS
Signing my certificate by using my smart card and eID card?
Tomcat 7 and ETags
Can a rogue app hijack an ssl session of another app on the same phone?
Are there any tell-tale signs of self-hacking?
Displaying a video through the web whilst hiding the location
What is the current best practice to secure an executive's laptop?
Documentation on Meterpreter Shells
Do you think it's a good policy to disclose your password encryption method to users?
A pair of 'self-signing' hashing functions?
CSRF: Random value or HMAC
Snort / PulledPork event filter via modifysid.conf not filtering traffic
is this code valid for securing passwords?
Storing Recoverable Passwords In An App
How to implement PCI DSS requirement 3.5.2?
What is the diffference between HSM and PTS-approved point-of-interaction device?
Is it safe to save customer information from Stripe? Do we need to be PCI compliant?
Compliance with an industry recognized framework - ISO27k
login not working using hash_pbkdf2
Security standard for web-based Tele-Radiology software
Reading older mails signed with a certificate that has meanwhile expired
Tracking checkins from generic users
Is SSL a mitigating factor for HTTPonly not set on cookies?
What is the best approach for securing log-in credentials on an HTML form?
Security Implications of a ssh proxy vs ssh tunnel via a box I don't own
2-Factor Auth with SSH
copying roaming profile credential file of another computer
Is it applicable to use Google Authenticator against TEMPEST?
Can ophcrack crack credential files?
Why does host's antivirus detect guest's malware?
Using a Hash as a Salt?
How to decrypt the Encrypted DEK using KEK which are separated in servers?
How to find out the email host of a vanity email address?
Why the ARP entry of the router recover so quickly after ARP poisoning?
Preventing interaction among web application on a shared hosting account
Recognize site vulnerable for SQL injection
What is a good rebuttal to users who wish all data WITHIN Db be encrypted?
How secure is to seed PRNGs with the sequences from CSPRNG?
How do you overcome the problem of the salt being public and known by the attacker?
Is it a good idea to give users an additional password that they do not control?
Are WhatsApp or Telegram secure enough to use for office communication?
How to generate DSA keypair for browserID
X509 Certificate Thumbprint
How do I determine where ssh login attempts are coming from?
Use the same IIS RSA key on all servers
Application Server <-> Database Firewall
programs or methods to review Internet browser applications for security
ASIC/FPGA hardwares to compute Scrypt hashes
How to identify a specific operating system with port scans?
What are the main security considerations that must be taken into account if you intend on creating a (localised) whistleblower website?
What things should I check for when giving a client control of the filename parameter to C's open() function?
.net System.Security.Principal.WindowsPrincipal user namespace ldap injection
Secure installation of KVM VPS?
How secure is the PwdHash algorithm and system?
What is going on with my download of the recent Apple security update?
Is Adblock (Plus) a security risk?
Will sabotaging a shared web hosting account threaten the security of sibling accounts being that they are shared on the same server?
Is CVE-2011-1571 fixed in tomcat?
How to treat/hash ECDH shared secret to use as keys for AES?
What does the PCI-DSS statement "Store separately from the data encrypting key" mean?
Securely share audio files
Are there Ciphers designed to be slow?
Is it possible to change IP after each request
Does Google use extended validation certificates?
How to use encryption on proprietary software
SHA1 Hash Find Salt
Are post requests secure?
Is it insecure to send an email from a PHP script to an email address on the same domain?
Yahoo Account hacked, changed pw, spam still going out elsewhere?
Snort Rule Writing (Alert Fires But Traffic Does Not Match *Intended* Rule)
Can I reliably identify Apple devices that have not patched against the gotofail vulnerability based on user agent string?
Can you make someones phone make a call with your phone?
Specify multiple ips in a certificate
Python exploit question?
Locate rogue wireless access point using Kismet data
PHP: if charset mismatches (htmlentities UTF-8) viewed by client as ISO-8859-1 (or vice versa)
How can I Hide my Public IP Address
Is jQuery.val() enough to prevent XSS
Intrusion prevention in windows azure?
Is it reasonable to use a security proxy when integrating two web applications?
Should I restrict Core Networking firewall rules in Windows server?
Fuzzing shared libraries
How weak is MD5 as a password hashing function ?
How can users be sure the browser's URL bar is not faked?
Do Chrome/browser extensions break the tab sandbox?
Specify port for cRLDistributionPoint?
Potential problem in public Maven repository
Why does Firefox not trust this US government SSL certificate?
Do voting machines rely on "security through obscurity"?
How to crack SHA512 hexdigest passwords with John the Ripper?
What is truly unbreakable these days?
Does using Chrome bypass the Apple iOS gotofail bug ?
Can RSA keys be swapped?
Store which parts of an IP address, for user to remain anonymous?
Are there any secure ways to store the secret key used in a TOTP scheme?
Why don't we do dual password instead of forgot password?
Virtual private server security
String sql injection vs sql injection
How could be my skype password stolen?
Is it html escape enough for mitigating all xss, if html is going to be generated only in client side?
SSL certificate to protect spoofing of API server
Data protection laws and regulation for storing IP addresses for registered users
Retention periods for web logs
is this optional keyword redundant?
Why doesn't Bitlocker mix the password with stored key?
Self-encrypting drives, certification for tamper-protection?
WEP > WPA? Why?
How do I properly bury a hard disk drive to keep it healthy?
Anti Virus Intergration
two encrypting / hashing case, which one is best
Do i need to have Airpcap?
exploit document.write with unsanitized user input
Message and Key Security
Multiple Independent Levels of Security vs Multilevel security
Matching vulnerabilities with upstream versions
Increase speed in nmap UDP scan?
safe methods of generating session keys
Social login - authenticate if email exists or create new user
Possible attack on website
How are CVSS scores used in security risk management products?
Security design behind google's application specific password
OWASP ZAP Proxy HTTP issue?
Why can we still crack snapchat photos in 12 lines of Ruby?
What is the difference between HSM and Key server?
How to store Initialization Vector securely for AES Encryption?
Is Tweetdeck authentication really safe?
Techniques for enumerating enabled apache modules
IPS/IDS and Firewall Solution(s) to a Small Office
Checklist for securing JBoss
How much faster would computers be if not for security?
How to secure my website's FTP?
Is storing plaintext passwords for email accounts any less bad?
Is a Diffie Hellman Ephemeral key good material for being used as a symmetric cipher algorithm key?
Locality Sensitive Hash (LSH) function to approximately match old passwords
Password history with PBKDF2
Designing a security and encryption strategy for MongoHQ
Why does DNSSEC have a ridiculous keysigning ceremony?
Are two anti-virus better than one in protecting your computer?
Why does Debian security guide recommend md5 hashed passwords?
Legitimate use case of man-in-the-middle attack for DPI?
Risks associated with distributing encrypted private key with our software?
Debian missing security features?
False Positives- Server side protection against XSS
What is the difference between claims, attributes, and roles?
Automatic exploit searches
Which is the Best Cipher Mode and Padding Mode for AES Encryption?
Why is it so hard to trace origins of DDOS attacks?
Man in the middle and goto fail
How to prevent DHCP Starvation attack?
Protecting <a href='{{ my_model.some_url }}'> in Django
Is my user authentication method secure? Am I reinventing the wheel?
Wouldn't transient cookies for session management increase effectiveness of MITM?
How can one secure a password/key in source code
How to prove the integrity of a digital file if certificates are not an option
.NET provides 8+ ways to encode data to prevent XSS attacks. Which one should I use when?
How do you protect strings in code from users decompiling them and seeing them
Whole system ACK flood attack making internet slow
Is OAuth always the right choice (and when isn't it)
How secure is Samy Kamkar's Anti-MITMA Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange Technique?
Certificate authorities: history and registration
Cracking DES(Unix)/MD5 ARP
How long does it take to break 128-bit key
Cisco ASA5505 ASDM Access Issues
Hacking through a firewall
Does Windows 7 have built in wifi deauthentication attack protection?
How can I store information securely when I can't use crypt or a hash?
Why does my bank bother asking basic personal questions to log in to online banking?
PCI approved device, does it matter if my POS is PCI compliant if it just passes info to the gateway and does not store the encrypted card data?
RKHunter and CHKRootkit Warns About /usr/lib/pymodules/python2.7/.path
What kind of attack is this?
Bitlocker on a laptop without carrying around recovery key
What Ubuntu packages are still affected by gnutls bug CVE-2014-0092?
Can this code be expoited using Buffer Overflow?
Are cloud-based collaboration tools "safe"?
802.11 Authentication/Association and WPA/WPA2 authentication (Four-way handshake)
What is wrong with a confirmation page displaying my password?
What if anything is the security differences between team viewer 7 and team viewer 9?
Are files created in Chrome OS developer mode tracked by Google?
Found this weird code in my Wordpress under wp-includes
How to use a token to differentiate between a valid logged in user and an attack?
Hacking attempts: SQL injection adding script in.js
I'm getting DoS'ed
why gmail's phone verification code not encrypted
oracle weblogic vulnerability
PHP encrypt and decrypt with certificate
Import securely RSA private key through PKCS#11
Have I done enough not be compromised through image uploading
What does hardware full disk encryption imply?
Assuming a good hash system, if 2 hashes has about 50% of their bits the same, what is the likelihood that the corresponding plaintext is the same?
Is it safe to use Diffie-Hellman public keys as nonces to protect against replay attacks?
Which is better in "DH-group14-sha1 with hmac-sha2-256" and "DH-group-exchange-sha256 with hmac-sha2-256" from performance and security perspective?
Installing profile on "Good" Mail application give someone admin permission on my iPhone
JS code vulnerable?
Does it make any sense to alter a hashed password?
What exactly does it mean when Chrome reports 'no certificate transparency information was supplied by the server?'
How to start career as Penetration Tester?
Monitoring file copy on external devices
Credit card number entropy?
Can anyone explain how to use an X509 client certificate to securely authenticate a user?
How to deal with websites with poor encryption?
Why do websites use HTTPS when they don't need to?
To which extent are paid alternatives to Apple's Xprotect worth it?
Is Google API Key a sensitive information that needs to be protected?
Is "bug banking" occurring?
Impersonating Law Enforcement
DOM XSS attack failing in Firefox
Why does Android mix phone state with phone identity?
How secure is Java's hashCode()?
What is the security flaw in this example of "magic parameters"?
Authorization with MD5 imlemented in Javascript
Why is monitor mode necessary on the NIC used to attack WPS with reaver and other tools?
What version of TLS does any web browser use when connecting to server where all SSL Protocols are enabled?
SSH Security allowing only certain users to connect to the server
Chrome extension sends browsing information
Use same PGP key for private and business mail addresses
DNS: Conditional Forwarding
Given a hash, salt, charset and password length, how do you get the password without brute-forcing it?
File upload vulnerability
Is Salt, IV and Key necessary when encrypting password in a database using AES? If so, how should they be used?
What to do if you ever lose a smart card?
What are the strengths and weaknesses of using a single 'burner' computer vs. many public access computers over a sustained period?
Are there software solutions take encrypted credit card data taken straight off a square credit card reader and insert them into a standard web form?
Should Access-Control-Allow-Origin need to be domain specific
Is a PGP revocation certificate sensitive?
How could a third-party know the contents of an email I sent to someone?
How to secure communication between server application and client mobile application through HSM
How to protect against a determined harasser
Protecting the remote database against tampering in a mobile app
How is a "commonly used password" determined?
Why are there few (none?) easy to use encryption libraries?
How does encryption/decryption work when one generate random key?
Is it a bad idea to use port forwarding as a long-term access strategy?
Why is it bad encrypt to with plain passwords as encryption key?
How does my bank knows my second and forth chars of my password
Is my AES/CTR/RIPEMD encryption correctly implemented?
Are clients blocking all incoming connections secure?
Sniffing, Snooping, Spoofing
How do I find out what kind of encryption this is and how to decode it?
understanding and getting over the SSL performance issue
entropy of FIPS-181 automated password generator
Can a Ubuntu live usb be infected with spyware/ virus?
Storing database password in application
blueimp jQuery-File-Upload getting PHP Hacked
What causes a powershell payload to run the first time but not the second?
PGP keys varying only in attached signatures
How to force "expensive calculation" when clients connect to my server?
wireshark does't show HTTP requests from other devices
Which Secure Development Lifecycle model to choose?
Why am I allowed to access protected Windows files when I boot Ubuntu from USB?
Digitally signed scripts as a way to thwart XSS
Does reinstalling ubuntu eliminates all existing rootkits/ malware/spyware/ virus etc?
Storing passwords in reversible form - a genuine use-case
Is the Litecoin Scrypt hashing technique a threat to hashed passwords?
How bad is to buy domain name with .ext from another country even if they allow non citizens to own one?
DOS safe alternative to delay response to an attacker with sleep()?
Hash Security of Windows 7 Password
Is there a way to exploit unused GET POST parameters in web application?
Does hiding version numbers increase my security?
Recent Fritz Box exploit
Howto pass overly protective corporate firewall
msfelfscan with x64 support?
Protecting against/detecting a specific Man in the Middle attack
Danger of having my website make arbitrary web requests
Outsourcing software development and its effect on security
Is my hashing method secure?
Snort sfportscan does not log in unified2 file format
What does a Remote Desktop Connection risk for both computers?
Is bcrypt suitable for modern use?
Are some passwords more vulnerable to password crackers?
What are the benefits to a two-page login system for a webapp?
Is this where a nonce comes into play?
Using EncFS on a USB drive
Exploiting through a filtered port
Yet another newbie security paranoid user authentication
Why is the read write speed of a Protected DVD so slow?
When implementing an OAuth provider, what is the right granularity for a "scope"?
How to know which output length to request from PBKDF2?
What Trusted Root Certification Authorities should I trust?
What would be a valid approach to store private keys?
Is there any way to restrict multiple access to my server at the same time using one client certificate?
MCRYPT_RIJNDAEL_256 max key allow?
What RHSA, RHEA and RHBA stands for in the RedHat Erratas?
Relationship of password strength and key strength
Increasing tomcat session id increases security
IPSec sequence number
Does Active Directory Certificate Services support Card Verifiable Certificates?
Is STARTTLS a security-vulnerability?
Criteria for an ADSL wireless modem
How can this be possible? (malware autoinstall on chrome)
Is it possible to boot an encrypted server remotely and securely?
Internal / external Penetration testing a webserver - PCI
Behavior of trusting a self signed SSL certificate
Isolate dual system
What's wrong with a website including a password in a confirmation email?
How to know the time of compilation
Encrypting files on Google Drive
Security checks on file transfer
php crypt - trailing dollar sign - extract only the salt part from hash - padding the salt
What to do with the extra bytes in ECDHE-RSA-AES-GCM-SHA?
Would using Google reCAPTCHA allow Google to cheat?
Preventing access to my public REST api from my trusted client application
Download mirror security
Why is Windows auditing svchost by default?
What's the use of certificate on Load Balancer and Keystore on Service?
google certificates correct CA
HMAC solution for a rest API
Windows Authentication to protect API
Detect blocked reverse shell
Is it ok to send user's private key away, even if protected with a SSL channel?
Digital Signatures of XML, PDF and Office Documents on every platform
Should I set different passwords for different Wi-Fi bands?
Why do some websites enforce lack of SSL?
Is it possible to recover securely deleted data from a hard drive using forensics?
Dynamic vs Static root of trust
Using "Dynamic Hash Technique" to protect cookies from XSS?
Avoiding Replay Attacks on Lightweight Channel
Is it a good practice to include a download URL of my GPG public key in my email signature?
Wireless entry systems why not use pre-shared noise?
Would disabling resumption/renegotiation mitigate the triple handshake issue?
XSS - Quote Breaking
gpg --encrypt fails
Protecting server from physical access?
Does it makes sense to change the LUKS password in every 90 days?
Can an iOS 7 app access either device camera without user knowledge?
Malicious query string removal ASP.Net MVC5
F4 Algorithm for Steganography
Logging in after password reset email sent (but not acted on)
One user ID of a trusted key has unknown trust
Can any one see if I'm surfing the web via remote control?
Is a file hash checking system 100% secure and non-bypassable/fakable?
How to secure my REST implementation for an ember.js app
Is there a way to program to discover sites transmitting user/pass in plaintext (Not using SSL) for penetration testing?
Does allowing the <cite> tag create any XSS vulnerabilities?
What to do with the shared secret?
Can pipe | shell | nc > pipe achieve remote shell?
Passwordless login over email - security considerations
Why did firefox remove Javascript injection on address bar?
Hydra https-form-post
What packet parameters should be checked to detect layer-7 DDoS attack?
OS/Host age as a security attribute
Are HTTPOnly Cookies submitted via XmlHTTPRequest with withCredentials=True?
Employee Snooping
Is the SD card write protection hard-wired or optional?
Is OpenDNS safe to use?
Test S/KEY support for PCI compliance - CVE-2007-2243
DNS zone size overload?
Does anything gets written to disk when doing a DLL injection?
Prevent a page from appearing in browser's history
Does shodan JSON API use my IP address?
Visitors logs show \x80w\x01\x03\x01 the HNAP1
HIPAA Compliant App, using Encypted Core Data vs Core Data Attribute Encyption
Unusual image may contain hidden data
Is the digital declaration just an obscure proposal?
WLAN disconnected for sure?
Open ports and SSH Tunneling to shared hosting
Can the wifi administrator in a shared office see mail sent through outlook?
How can I prevent that my users get a certificate issued for my domain on my behalf?
How do I get the Access-Token and Access-Token-Secret?
Finding Hidden Keylogger Through Forcing a Computation Error
veil framework, reverse https and tcp payload differences
Unknown hijacker/popups on the browser
If P=NP, what is still cryptographically secure?
Email activation string with MD5'd random number and email secure?
How likely would /var/mail be encrypted in a paid host?
Persistent login by hashing password hash
JPEG file SOS marker before SOF
Virus scanner on server
VPNs vulnerable to MiTM because ANY certificate goes
Strange TLSv1.2 Handshake
What does this sh script do if executed?
Is it safe to recycle unshredded credit card receipts?
Data Protection act, who is liable?
Is it safe to rely on UUIDs for privacy?
OID for creation date/time (X509 certificate field)
How to trace virtual phone number?
Why the data in Aircraft's Black Box is Encrypted?
How to react when under attack
File Vault 1 password from memory dump
How much time / "entropy collected" should generating a RSA 2048bit keypair take?
What are the risks of connecting via VNC to an untrusted host?
Is Chrome completely secure against Reflected XSS?
Securely erase data from a flash drive vs hard disk
Does Facebook store plain-text passwords?
Which mail clients support PGP/MIME - is there an overview?
Sending passwords securly over the net: javascript?
DoS stress test not working
Access an ftp server gives me the passwd file though no shadow
Detect message tampering without shared key and without certificate authority
MITM Attacks with Web GUI
What is a good algorithm for memorizing a password in a few minutes?
Separation of secure login steps
Simulation of security against IP
Isn't a HIDS, NIDS and WAF complementary?
Can software projects which accept government funding be trusted?
File encryption for a storage API
Best practice for sending IP Addresses
Setup of Kali Linux for reverse shell connections over the internet
How safely allow users to run arbitrary JVM code on a server?
How to get an "A" on Qualys SSL Labs with Apache 2.2?
CAPTCHA Bypassing with Captcha Clipping Attack is Like MiTM between servers, Is that even Possible?
Why warning sign when visiting https-website?
Safe ways to store passwords without hashing them
Secure Communication Between .Net Application and Website
Is hashing the HMAC secret key a good idea?
Suspicious http requests in my logs: *.html/RS=^
Which OpenSource Proxy is Better and easier to use?
Is a console application with NT Authority/System rights dangerous?
Using a Proxy to Log Http/s requests and Performance Evaluation
Timing Attacks in RSA
vsftpd metasploit evidence in logs?
How to setup cronjobs that do scp without saving the .pem file on either of the machines
Is it possible to locate a cellphone's location just by ringing it?
SqlMap bypasses OWASP ModSecurity Core Rule Set for SQL Injection
Embedding hidden data inside files
How do I identify a DES encryption key in a dump file using winhex?
EICAR alternative for IDS/IPS
How to hide real IP from browsers while using VPN?
MitM Attacks - Iptables?
Why is client-side hashing of a password so uncommon?
How safe is SSL?
Review of approach to client-side only hashing and encryption for web application
What prevents the Intel TXT boot loader from being maliciously altered?
Verify external data files for an application
Is it safe to store the reset password token in PHP session
Comprehensive audit of firewall - is Internet truly not accessible?
GSM A5/1 encryption: Key management
buffer overflow in python script
How to securely share key between two remote devices?
What TLS and SSL protocols should I have turned on
Why do you need to encrypt symmetric key?
Could a neighbour see my traffic when we have cable Internet?
Why does Facebook bother comparing old and new passwords?
Is this password generator safe?
Generate Passphrase from the data & encrypted data
Best approach for restricting remote ssh session
Mainframe security
Should generating gpg keys ever result in an identical key to an older key?
How does the authentication in the new UK £1 coin work?
What are the problems that Chip card technology solve? and what are the problems EMV solve? Are the separate things?
Windows XP has many security vulnerabilities, So why many bank using Windows XP until now?
Anonymizing data for applications
Detecting and removing Absolute persistance technology
How could someone exploit the OS an ATM is running?
Is there a widely used protocol which builds on AES/GCM, and defines serialization formats of A, IV, C and T together?
What are the possible rules to identify password sharing- to prevent fraud
Non-Repudiation that can Never be Proven
What are reasons why one shouldn't run Tor at a network level?
Achieving PFS with public key cryptography
Is there a book about secure system design?
Backdoor file with custom payload
Is this API Token scheme secure enough
Log in security - saving a session
What needs to be focused on when hardening a LAMP stack?
How would I know if my Apple Mac has a virus, and what can I do if I have?
How to securely delete an OpenVPN connection profile
If I change my private key PGP passphrase, will the old private key+old passphrase work to decrypt already encrypted data?
Router detecting port scan and ack flood attack
What are these long www bitnik URL?
What are the security features of JRE 8?
Is a web application firewall necessary if the application is secure?
Is rolling my own firewall on top of my normal firewall dangerous?
A clear definition for procedural security controls?
How to maintain security and trust with a PGP keypair for a team or group of people?
How can I protect myself from the VPN operator when using a VPN to gain free access to the Internet?
Is this anti-forgery scheme secure?
API deployment infrastructure
Is it secure for a site to serve the login page with HTTP, but have the actual site in HTTPS?
Fingerprints of my computer
Alternative to security questions for account recovery when email isn't an option
How can you prevent employees of your company from creating valid ssl certs?
Is it possible to keep several files on windows partition after re-installing windows?
EMV(Chip) Cards - What's the point of having the chip card communicating directly to the authorising server? & Clarification of CDA in EMV
Https forms on tens of domains
Secure a string in PHP
Why is it not standard practice to run password-based KDF's client-side?
How secure is switching keys if breaking the key is an intractable problem?
Uploading Executable Files
How do I Mitigate Directory Traversal when User-Supplied Input is a Mandatory Business Case?
Will separating internet activity and offline activity secure a host?
Using Encrypt-then-MAC in SSL
How do I allow websites to call my desktop app over HTTPS?
Why use PBKDF2 over multiple iterations of a another cryptographic hash function?
Trying to identify what a scanner was looking for
My WCF application uses 2 way certificate message encryption - does it still need SSL?
Exploitability of use-after-free vulnerabilities
FIPS 140-2 C# Password Hash
How to prepare a report on security weakness in our software
How to explain buffer overflow to a layman
Securing internal REST service call via JavaScipt
How secure is my system?
Can MiTM and similar attacks be performed on separate networks
Logging in as administrator in windows 7, is there a downside?
Sniffing WiFi with tcpdump on an iPad
Hacking an aircraft
Outbound DDOS attack from a centos server
Which approach to encrypting data on a per-user basis is more secure?
Drive-by downloads
Is checking against password lists a good way to enforce a secure password policy and possibly detect dictionary attacks on a web-based app?
Is there a decentralized version of LastPass?
Why ARP Poising is not working for some sites?
Twofish gpg:WARNING: message was not integrity protected
Up to date books for OpenSSL coverage of TLS 1.1 and 1.2
REST security standards
Are there any free, premade penetration testing labs?
what information can be accessed with just the bank account number?
Malicious code in image. Harmful?
Can I use elliptic curve DSA in a secure message service?
How to get MAC addresses of devices which are not in the network
Can IP phones be eavesdropped upon if administrator access is available?
WordPress Hacked. Deny access via admin - helpful or not?
Why should I care if a site uses encryption or not if I'm not exchanging any sensitive data?
Bittorrent Sync encryption
TLS encrypted passwords on my Android - safe?
SSL can stop MiTMs ... but on the long run, can it really?
Why do public key certificate "Trust anchor"? Does this introduce a single point of failure?
Unsolicited credit card in email?
session security in php
Is compiling source code from github a big security risk?
Can viewing an email message in Outlook 2013 install malware on my computer?
What is the exactly mean of these CPE file fields?
Does RNG play a role in PGP signing?
SSL Certificate for an email server
Username Enumeration as a Threat
Implementing a product key system?
What kind of encoding/hash it is
Why should one not use SSL?
Is it possible to produce incorrect Metadata?
XSS with style attribute background-image
How to detect the "Hello packets" sent by a wifi enabled smartphone
Why does Evil twin works?
Making a bitcoin-like secure mail protocol, how to tackle public keys?
Linux security books
A renamed exe automatically running
GSM mobile messages with the first octet 01000000
Random salt - necessary for a single user?
Webpage sent me my password in clear text can it be secure?
Does a stolen phone mean losing access to Gmail?
How one would typically detect systems vulnerable to “NULL Session”?
When and where do I hash a password?
What threats come from CRLF in email generation?
What is the purpose of derivation of encryption and authorization keys from master key?
How does gpg know that a passphrase is bad in symmetric encryption?
What popular online services allow passwordless authentication using digital signatures?
How to protect myself from future fraud?
SSL/TLS : Authentication mechanism
Is Google overreaching by forcing me to use TLS?
Good reason to continue using fraudulent certificate?
security management and security engineering difference
Need help designing an encryption workflow
Possible to Derive Private Key from Public Key Given Enough Computing Power?
Is it ok to send user's private key away, even if protected with a SSL channel?
Are invalid card numbers under PCI compliance
True?: "Nearly all encrypted passwords are stored with the last character in clear text"?
Can a web server be secured with just a firewall?
How can I verify the GPG signature is valid?
WordPress Private Expoit?
Fuzzdb detected as Trojans
Better than brute-force way to find the "lowest" sha1 hash?
Can HTTPS or VPN connection be sniffed through UTM device?
How are shopkeepers getting the MAC address of wifi enabled smartphones?
Why does the linux XRDP module use a 512 bit RSA key?
Any alternative available for RSA? Is the web still visible to NSA?
Why aren't we all compromised on the internet?
How to check the safety of a link?
Using pattern matching to make a port more secure
Deploying software that requires X.509 certificates
Is it possible for someone to modify keepass code, recompile and make it available for free download?
DNSSEC signing algorithms
If an attacker has the ability to modify data transferred over an Internet connection, can he or she affect TLS?
Cascaded Sudo for privilege elevation
What are common problems that reveal PHP code?
Does WiFi SSID spoofing also affect known password protected networks?
MySQL authentication, how to pad the 20-byte salt
Scan All private subnets with NMAP
Do I keep my PHP simple auth session secure enough?
server with eth0 promisc-mode vulnerable to attacks outside firewall?
PCI Definition of "Transmission"
How does a system authenticate a user using a hash function, after it has been salted?
Public keys without the certificates
Does WPA2 Enterprise also authenticate clients to the 802.1X protected switch port?
SSL is Extended Validation more secure?
Is there a way to report IP addresses scanning for Exploits?
Dual Firewall DMZ
PGP-encrypted Email or SSL/TLS Webform for Responsible Disclosure Communication?
How can I see if SSL Certificate is Business SSL?
Are there any systems out there that use a one-time pad?
Certificate verified using two different paths
P2P sharing of uniquely encrypted files
Is it a real security benefit if a host uses static IP Addresses for authentication?
Intercepting wifi traffic
can you update a one-time pad, over one-time pad encryption (compressed)?
Free SSL Certificate when encryption is needed and not trust?
Should I worry about this UAC bypass exploit for Windows 7?
How can I verify my machine is not vulnerable from a specific exploit?
How do large companies and wealthy individuals secure their information?
How exactly are physically unclonable functions used in authenticaton if they are unclonable?
How can I Bypass ip block mechanism?
how to stop people hacking a website build in cakephp with linux host
How dangerous might be publishing a public key?
How to get orignal ip of user even if he is using proxy
What is the difference between Diffie Hellman generator 2 and 5?
When should I use symmetric encryption instead of RSA?
Deanonymizing users by introducing structured delays to the network?
Securing mobile app rest requests
Is all RSA encryption now considered insecure? (Notably SSH and SSL)
Looking for approach to implement attribute based access control (ABAC)
Hashing algorithms
Current Encryption Algorithms?
What are some examples of a block cipher's versatility over a stream cipher?
What's the point of the pre-master key?
Are there limits (or, what are the limits) to our understanding of AES's resistance to known plaintext attacks?
Access control on a primarily windows LAN
BeeF - How does it work?
Windows DLL Injection
Finding hidden cameras
Safely creating and communicating within a fully decentralized p2p network
How do I prove for my client that unused ports are closed and unused services are disabled?
Verifying integrity of text files
501 Not Implemented ServerInfo.jsp
Does HDCP impose HD-playback restrictions for sinks?
Can ISP detect a proxy connection's contents?
If there is no handshake, then it is worthless to check for passwords?
How can SSL vendors limit the amount of servers they can be installed on?
Msfpayload: Exe within an exe?
HTTP/HTTPS on the same site
Was I a victim of an "Apache PHP Remote Exploit" attack?
Snapchat clone: How do I secure pre-downloaded notifications so that they cannot be opened outside of the app?
In SSL/TLS, what part of a data packet is Encrypted and Authenticated?
Effectively Pentest a Wordpress Site
running firefox as unprivileged user on Linux
Find out who has hacked your gmail account
Are Truecrypt volumes safe from the government agencies?
For how long ISPs keep record of Internet usage?
Someone knows about online labs?
Sky Broadband Shield
Password capturing from dump file or browser after log out
My router is opened to the internet
Should I encrypt data sent via Android intent?
What does the "period" of a random number generator measure?
Does SNI reveal the virtualhost during the CONNECT query to a HTTPS proxy?
How does LM hash deal with passwords that are between 8 and 13 chars
Bypass proxy using another IP address
Can full disk encryption make malware recovery more difficult?
Does whosthere.exe of pth toolkit have to run with administrative rights?
Hardware-restricted root login
Hashing PAN numbers
Are the problems with Window's CSPRNG still an issue on modern Windows?
IIS Host Header Attacks
How does an attacker authenticate to a service using just the hash of the user (after performing a "pass the hash"-attack)?
WebRTC P2P SSL - Where are the keys generated?
Enterprise Anti-virus for Linux?
Is it possible to completely wipe a flash memory?
Do PHP frameworks such as Zend, symfony and CakePHP provide default protection against cross site scripting?
can a x.509 certificate alone be used for user authentication?
Securing Docker and LXC
RAM memory data remanence and double boot, risky?
If someone knows my wi-fi password, will he know what I am doing?
Full disk encryption for server running virtual machines
PFS incentive during IKE Phase 2
I get the feeling that Microsoft and Mac use two different forms of AES
Is it possible to create your own security updates on Ubuntu 12.04?
What can I do with private 128 bit AES Keys?
IDS in combination with vulnerability scanner
How to use TPM to perform platform authentication?
Threats against website running without TLS but with PGP messages
What is the preferred way of using AWS (specifically S3) from mobile apps?
Why is ettercap targetting the whole network?
Digital Signature Software
Registration Password
Can I use 2 factor authentication for shared accounts?
Recommended ssl_ciphers for security, compatibility - Perfect Forward secrecy
Self-signed SSL certificate on chromebook (and android)
FIDO, U2F Compatibility
Does http support encryption without https (like STARTTLS)?
Protecting form post values when on https
Hashing the cookie token for persistent login
Why do banking websites always log you out after inactivity?
Accepting an untrusted security certificate?
OpenPGP Master Key Size
Is giving out login information to a read-only mysql database to the public a security threat?
What features should I look for in a Wifi card used for wifi snooping / penetration testing?
I authenticate my users through Facebook's Oauth client and want to secure my own called APIs
PHP and max_input_vars configuration
ssl client authentication: check only one certificate VS certs signed from a ca
How to stop Forced browsing ? - Saving information from being compromised by url change
Multi Tenant Database - HIPAA
PCI compliance over two domains
REST security using only API key and SSL
Why are cryptographic algorithms implemented in the data-link layer in wireless networks?
How to prevent XSS from url
Get PGP Private Key from RAM analysis RSAKeyFind
Is it possible to encrypt a file so that it can not be brute forced?
How to handle CRLs correctly in long-term electronic signatures?
TPM PCR value unchanged with BIOS configuration changes
Is sqlmap traceable?
Security of a Windows XP system after April 8th when running the latest Firefox or Chrome
SQL Injection via Unicode
How Web-proxy and Virtual-Hosting are complications for HTTPS?
HTTPS login vs MITM attack
SAML for transporting authorization information
is IPSEC Authentication between local domain hosts a part of normal behaviour in a Windows network?
An attacker got a few 128bit TrueCrypt keys from a RAM analysis. What can he do?
Attack Signatures books
How secure is PKCS #12
Finding the type of SSL certificate with cURL
Apache, DocumentRoot and path traversal - /manual/ query
After I downloaded Adblock plus on my computer, ads still popped up on youtube? What gives?
Why is symmetric encryption still used?
How does a country block its citizens from accessing a site?
File encryption with external key
Watching for applications like WireShark and other eaves dropping on corporate network
How can I analyze password recovery tokens?
Is long-term validity definitively corrupted upon TSA certificate revocation?
What can be done to prevent disruption of hardware in the event of a powerful solar flare?
Is it possible to use a .Net payload with metasploit?
Detect xss from httprequest and response
Per Vendor/Publisher Device Unique Identifier, How is it and how much secure?
Multiple user encryption-key store
How can an email from a Yahoo address be sent through Yahoo without authentication?
Tools for Verifying Secure Deletion
Any way to obfuscate *when* two end hosts are communicating?
How can I reprogram a USB to appear as a CD or HD?
How do I know that I'm vulnerable to the: " Coordinated Website Compromise Campaigns Continue to Plague Internet "
Proving SSL need
Email hacking/masking prevention
Active Directory - Certificate Based Authentication - Multiple certificates for user
How many bits of entropy should I aim at for my password?
What is default mode for AES encryption
How does the Subterfuge toolkit bypass SSL?
Server side SSH keys compromised
Using same CSRF Token for Multiple account creation
How can an ISP throttle encrypted connections?
Effectiveness of Interactive Application Security Testing
Can any Google Play Store tampering be detected?
Certificate extensions - specific constraints
Is using MD5 in NTLMv2 protocol to store Windows passwords is secure?
hiding javascript in image
How many possible symbols and punctuations in a password?
Is the Station-to-Station protocol secure?
When you buy a certificate, does the certificate authority have (a copy of) the private key?
How to protect JSON
How could police identify digital contraband and charge someone if it's encrypted with keys?
Learn penetration testing in home environment without a lot of money
Recommended symmetric key usage period
Certificate services will not start with "server is offline" error
How to identify and analyze malware that checks for security tools before running?
How do bots communicate in the zeus botnet?
How do crackers upload php scripts to Wordpress' wp-content directory?
OPAL Hardware Encryption
Strange Apache access logs
Safety while ciphering data
Devices with cryptic names and Chinese ip addresses connected to my router
Why are apps for mobile devices more restrictive than for desktop?
How to prevent popping up a login dialogue using a malicious hotlinked image and HTTP Basic Auth header?
Unknown device accessing my WiFi hotspot?
is there any 100% secure way for form authentication and sending information from client side to server side over internet pages?
Enabling virutalization, addressing the bluepill risk?
Is it illegal to publicly reveal security flaws in a service?
Is it safe to back up passwords to the "cloud"
Why do we trust organizations that certificate ISO 27001?
Are there any exploits that would allow a user to "spoof" a screen capture system?
How was the Xbox One password verification compromised?
Un-redacting analog redactions on variable width fonts?
What methods can be used to prevent mistyped usernames?
My website redirects to an unknown website
Neutralizing or Migitating ARP spoofing once detected
Can a smart card with PKI certificate be used to protect a document?
Securing single page application
Can you listen to your last GSM call recorded when calling back a user?
Privacy vs monitoring cyber crime
How can NSA see everything without us noticing that?
Is PCI Compliance mandatory?
Why do I need a certificate to pin an SSL connection with AF Networking 2?
Why did Java (JRE) vulnerabilities peak in 2012-2013?
PCI-DSS Requirement for Application Level Security?
What was so dangerous about PGP that its creator was charged in court for it?
Is there a way to prevent software from accessing hardware IDs?
Is BSI’s process good? (Informing email address owners that their address/password (of unknown/different accounts) was stolen)
Deleting undeletable files on a hacked Linux machine
Are SSL encrypted communications through a company network safe?
Identify an attacker's web vulnerability scanner by IP request rate
How does CryptoDefense ransomware encrypt large data with a (relatively) small RSA key?
Is there a TOTP variant that does not require the user to type in a code?
Lots of failed outgoing sshd attempts. Am I hacked?
Mount Iphone for Forensic Analysis or Take Forensic Image
DNS causing SSL errors
Can malware be attached to an image?
Lock Windows to a specific app
At what point does a piece of code become a virus and at what point does this become illegal?
What are the implications of publicizing a consumer secret for sharing between developers doing local website development?
Simple methods of preventing infection from external drives
Does Heartbleed mean new certificates for every SSL server?
What should a website operator do about the Heartbleed OpenSSL exploit?
What should end-users do about Heartbleed?
Heartbleed and Routers/ASAs/other
Are networks using EAP-TLS affected by Heartbleed?
How does the Perspective addon work?
Can Heartbleed be used to obtain memory from other processes?
Secure sensitive data but still allow admin access
Fixing large number of SQLi, XSS, RFI/LFI in a PHP application
What are the fields needed to check for SQLI, XSS, XSRF and Remote file inclusion attacks in apache access log file
Heartbleed how to find out applications using statically compiled version of openssl?
How exactly does the OpenSSL TLS heartbeat (Heartbleed) exploit work?
Does the heartbleed vulnerability affect clients as severely?
Should every SAML identity provider provide a unique public certificate to the service provider?
Where is the first online reference to the "HeartBleed" bug?
Is there an equation to calculate the number of instances of a series of characters exist in a given key space?
Can I use 777 file permissions inside server virtualisation (that only I have access to) without worry?
HeartBleed - How to detect compromised websites
Does the HeartBleed vulnerability affect Apache Tomcat servers using Tomcat Native?
Cryptographic patterns a security risk?
Which Browsers support TACK?
user data accessible through javascript in browser
What are the side effects of recompiling OpenSSL with -DOPENSSL_NO_HEARTBEATS?
Why does my debit card have a stripe AND a chip?
Does Google Global Cache let the ISP intercept encrypted requests to Google?
Would the Heartbleed bug have been prevented if OpenSSL was written in Go/D/Vala?
Does OpenSSL leave any traces that a server uses it?
Fixing security issues without boss/client's authorisation
Are there any known Heartbleed attacks?
Does Heartbleed vulnerability affect other libraries (like BouncyCastle, .NET's SslStream, etc.)?
I don't use TLS extensions, I'm safe of HeartBleed?
How can get email about latest vulnerabilities
Where/what is the actual HeartBleed bug?
Does Heartbleed affect servers if OpenSSL was only used to generate the certificate?
Is logging in using OAuth/OpenID also vulnerable to heartbleed?
Would there be MITM attack even fix the heartbleed vulnerability?
Blocking incoming traffic from privileged port (< 1024) to mitigate DNS DDos Amplification attacks
How can I tell if a site is using open SSL, and which version?
Has Linux Mint updated the OpenSSL library for LMDE (Heartbleed bug)?
Specification Document
Doesn't the same string encrypted with the same key generate the same encrypted value?
Purpose of Secure Key in Facebook(and other provider) in OAUTH?
Failed to connect to netcat reverse shell
Is Apache serving over HTTP vulnerable to Heartbleed?
Is a mongodb build that uses the -ssl option vulnerable to heartbleed?
What is the point of certification authorities that are not trusted by browsers (=trusted by Root CAs)?
Hash function with configurable length
Why does TLS need an explicit heartbeat protocol?
Which services are affected by Heartbleed?
How paranoid should the average user be about heartbleed?
How can I know when a certificate was created?
Which is safer as a URL storage, favorites or browsing history?
Why isn't it possible to do SQL injection (HIGH Level) in this example in Damn Vulnerable Web App?
Trusted Certificate Authorities - how do they work?
Does the Heartbeat Openssl Bug also affect Servers who enforce Client Authentication?
OpenSSL exploit
Does using NAT-T for L2TP / IPsec VPN pose a realistic security risk?
What clients are proven to be vulnerable to Heartbleed?
OVPN Connections vulnerable to Heart Bleed?
Method/program for editing secure files
Does heartbleed have any effect if OpenSSL was only used to generate the certificate
Question about the Perspectives add-on, is this dangerous?
Digital signature based authentication schema using two passwords
Does xkcd.com/1353 overstate heartbleed's capability?
Heartbleed and Facebook logins on (once) vulnerable sites
Minimum SHA256'd UTF8 encoded passphrase length not stored anywhere
Does "heartbeat extension disabled" mean that the site was previously vulnerable?
How easy is it really to do IP spoofing?
Should I change all my passwords due to heartbleed
Where to find or purchase non-SSL certificates
Heartbleed - Blown out of proportion?
Is it possible to stack encryption algorithms with SSL?
Do I need to worry about my SSH keys if my system was vulnerable to Heartbleed?
Would memory of EC2 instances behind a vulnerable ELB be readable by heartbleed exploit?
HeartBleed - how do I invalidate all session cookies?
Windows Firewall netsh equivalent of iptables u32 module
Would designing a crawling bot to detect and inform vulnerable website owners be legal?[Heartbleed]
Does having 2-factor authentication help with HeartBleed?
Heartbleed: OpenSSL v 0.9.8o and OpenVPN v 2.1.3 Reporting Vulnerable
LastPass login security
Why not ask for a password and 2-factor token at the same time?
Why wasn't heartbleed fixed before?
Does TRESOR protect against attacks like HeartBleed
Why is 3DES not used to store passwords?
What is HeartBleed?
How to explain Heartbleed without technical terms?
Can we create custom APDU for non-smart (memory type) contactless card?
Ping response contain subnet ip
Can an external tool accurately determine the current vulnerability of a site to Heartbleed? How? Was vulnerability remediated?
Could a router protect our network or need we use an hardware firewall?
Heartbleed client side attack: What can the attacker obtain?
OpenSSL Heartbeat (Heartbleed bug) - what's the payload used for?
Auto deploy war file (backdoor/shell) to particular folder
My machine is hacked by someone and used to attack others via ssh, how to stop it?
Handling passwords in wicket
Doesn't the Heart Bleed vulnerability imply that we need to change passwords for *all* systems?
Is it reasonable to keep control panel in separate subdomain or domain?
Heartbleed - Read only the next 64k and hyping the threat
Is there an anti virus that protects processes from being injected code to?
Does heartbleed effect effect electronic voting
How to encrypt entire HDD without any password prompts?
Does the Heartbleed vulnerability affect signed java applets
Is the Common Name mandatory for digital certificates?
Harden a server against mass SSH DoS attacks
The Problem with Changing All Passwords for HeartBleed
Heartbleed - impact on iOS apps?
HIPAA compliant blob storage architecture
Is 1password vulnerable to NSA spying?
How is password stolen over non-SSL connection?
Can Hydra crack a flash-based login?
How do I store a user's secret key on a server?
Are there stories of any individuals being affected by Heartbleed?
Windows Scheduled Task passwords
Botnet fingerprinting
How long does an HTTPS symmetric key last
Heartbleed - is this scenario possible? how bad would it be?
How to configure Browser to detect revoked certificates?
Using multiple AV's
Why can't we create a new SSL implementation?
Does this reflected XSS vulnerability pose any real threat?
Should I cancel my current credit card because of heartbleed vulnerability?
Local network proxy/spoof
How would you know a certificate/private key if you extracted it from RAM? Or would you?
How can I confirm that my server is protected against HeartBleed?
Using client certificates for website authentication
Why don't more websites implement Perfect Forward Secrecy?
Api authorization basic concepts in detail
HeartBleed ReKeyed Cert with old creation date
Firefox can import the .p12 format, but that contains a private key? Isn't this a security risk?
Defending against private key leaks such as those enabled by Heartbleed
Multiple websites hosted on same server
SmartCard Key Extraction / Alternatives
Google ads and/or DoubleClick wants to access the keyboard API in Firefox?
Local lan drive by download
How to verify OpenSSL's Heartbleed patch is the correct one?
Check logs for Heartbleed exploit use?
How can an attacker use a leaked private key?
After heartbleed, how can you safely distribute new certs?
Is there an actual use for OpenPGP authentication keys?
What part of the browser is typically attacked?
What causes an Operating System to become Corrupted?
Encrypt Android app data and send to web service
problem upgrading openssl on ubuntu servers
Does HTTPS retrieval, among its other effects, sign a document?
Password security on lost or stolen smartphone
Which information does a whois lookup reveal about the registrant of the domain?
Ethicality of websites that test other sites for Heartbleed
API to change passwords?
What are the serious weaknesses in this free password management system?
I login to Stackoverflow (vulnerable) with Google (not vulnerable). Do I need to change my password?
Cryptographic Hash function
Heart Bleeding Bus
Can a VM be used as a home computer?
How secure is OpenSSH on FreeBSD?
After restoring from a (valid) full disk backup can malware still persit?
Gladman's file encryption library = AES in counter mode with HMAC-SHA1 authentication?
Will the recently found OpenSSL vulnerability Heartbleed affect my public site for which I obtained an SSL certificate from a CA?
When given a SSL-Private-Key, how would one generate a valid SSL-Cert from this?
Password Managers: encrypted database vs hashing strategy
Heartbleed and heap management - Why user data and passwords are kept in memory?
How to calculate FAR and FRR in pattern recognition?
Perplexities about TLS handshake
Heartbleed: Why does the client supply the length of the message at all?
Is a C plugin safe if I read it through an echoing parser before?
Is DNSSEC immune to stripping signatures?
I only use windows for games. Do I need anti virus protection?
Heartbleed: hackers have already used the vulnerability?
Ability to decrypt intercepted encrypted SSL traffic when having private key
Alternative to ICANN?
/WEB-INF/web.xml showing MySQL credentials?
Who proposed adding heartbeat to SSL? And who proposed it's form?
Protect from Facebook like clickjack
Is Google Drive security compromised?
Getting an employer to secure their website immediately
How to store passwords in a text file in USB securely?
Heartbleed detection
What security does an ISP provide for its customers?
Secure Way of Encrypting Your Bash Shell Script
VPN Vs Hotspot Shield
Need to prove someone sent an email, not me
DOCSIS modem only authenticated by MAC?
TLS sequence number
SQL Injection via Unicode
List of PKCS7 certificate file extensions
Is sharing the Membership Provider with other devs a security risk?
Cryptosytem Question
how to verify file signature by client PGP
Securing passwords for REST Authentication
Detecting unknown keyloggers
Advantages of one time pad
What can a hacker do to my home router if I have the admin page enabled externally?
Client authentication flaw in old Netscape SSL protocol
Is crypto.js vulnerable to heartbleed attack?
Can anyone DDOS my server with jmeter? Do they need a powerful server for that?
Is forwarding a port(s) a security risk to all computers on the network or just one?
IMEI and phone number given to unknown sources. What are the risks?
Are there "secure" languages?
Are custom protocols insecure?
I have discovered a botnet during testing
SSL cert minimize downtime key rotation strategy
How source port field in firewall rule is used
Would encryption bypass some firewall rules?
Is it possible to use SSH agent for generic data encryption?
Should service accounts be set to never lock out
Location of passphrase digest in opengpg secring.gpg
What can I do to increase security of a small open source application
Testing your site for the heartbleed vulnerability?
If bruteforcing a password goes aaa, AAA, aab, AAB, etc, all the way to ZZZ, wouldn't ZZZZZZ be the most secure password?
Is Google Chrome Extension access to SSL certificate validation output possible?
Certificate Revocation List
Security in large-scale SOAs
Barnyard2 Can't pull xref from unified2 format
Secure Custom Registration Links
nginx - How to prevent processing requests with undefined server names with HTTPS
Can malware cause firefox to send GET requests?
Decrypting Engima messages
Considerations when implementing a key based SSH-like auth scheme
Minimize collision risk for any hash function?
How to prevent users from downloading information from our search engine?
How are CRLsets more secure?
Chinese or "pinyin" wordlists for dictionary attacks
Brute-Force/Dictionary attack against encypted file using PBKDF2 key derivation
Multi-tenancy and Heartbleed
SQL Injection and JavaScript Regex Bypass
Is it safe to sign in to Google with password from desktop app like BlueStacks?
HTTP Status Codes - security considerations
How to minimize security risk when having to work with decrypted (plain text) passwords due to 3rd party API design
Save application autostart login token on computer
Using Proxy Server, can gateway know which URL i am trying to open
BYOD - Looking for Secure means of Wiping Data Remotely
Explain the Heartbleed Python code
When using PGP/GPG, is it safe to use the same public/private key pair on multiple computers for the same person?
TestSSLServer Results
Issues of using HOTP w/ iteration window
One computer with multiple OSs in different drives
what are the current best practices for key generation
Why does a web site operator need to trust an openid provider?
I believe my Domain has been hijacked I am not receiving in sales in shopping cart
Decrypt Passwords based on using a user's password
Understanding Session Fixation Vulnerability
Is it possible to slow down the Blue Midnight Wish cryptographic hash function?
Is there any point to connecting to a VPN server while on the local network?
Does analyst API Flurry break Australian Privacy Act or any other Legal, Regulations, Compliance?
Can an attacker sniff physical network traffic through WiFi?
Why do some websites need time to log you in securely, while others can do it instantly?
How can I verify if a website revoked its old SSL certificate keys?
Is a VirtualBox Host-only Adapter safe?
IE11 on windows 8.1 and ssl fallback
What to do with .hash files when cracking WPA2
Find out what Linux software is trying to phone home
CNN Money Portfolio and Heartbleed
Is it possible to sign/verify a key-pair?
VB.NET stored procedure implementation?
Why would the BBC web site always ask for a personal certificate, and how do I avoid giving it away?
Hacked HTML page - what's in the comment following the obfuscated code?
How does SFTP function without a manually generated public/private key pair
How are two systems able to set up a secure SSH tunnel over a public connection?
Kohnfelder Certificate
What happens if biometric data is stolen?
Can you write OS-related virus using high level languages like Python
Pattern extraction
What's wrong with my own authentication scheme?
How to generate a CAPTCHA?
Using the Synchronizer Token pattern, should you ensure the CSRF token is only communicated via HTTPS?
Go through proxy server to Find an original IP Address
Hashing password for secure storage (generating salt)
Why is the SSL handshake not shown in Wireshark?
Secure Azure to Data Centre Web Service Calls via Trusted IP?
How to prevent attacks before HSTS is established for the first time?
Why does MD5 hash starts from $1$ and SHA-512 from $6$? Isn't it weakness in itself?
Nmap SSL service detection: How to check all open ports only for SSL service?
How do you identify a website's form-type?
What can my university see if they have my MAC address?
Can you get someone's IP address using Skype?
Does DNSSEC provide signed statements that a certain domain does NOT yet support DNSSEC? If not, why not?
Unsafe sanitization? Is this code SQLi vulnerable?
Cracking encrypted SQB databases
How to build a secure affiliate network
X509Certificate - How to set validation Policies?
Risk analysis Information Security Checklist
What makes it illegal to use the information learned by exploiting a bug?
-bash: -sudo: command not found
PCI Compliance relating to 'other' passwords
Simple protection against reflected XSS
How many Stack Exchange logins should I have?
How to sign data with OpenSSL 0.9.8?
Any known protocol for establishing trust between an inherently untrustworthy source and a server without a 3rd party?
Confused about the most relevant way to secure my APIs
Does TCP/IP protocol offer a reliable way of determining who the actual sender was?
Would usage of jCryption 3.0 + SSL have mitigated the Heartbleed vulnerability?
What prevents me from using ARP poisoning to force a client to use HTTP?
TrueCrypt vs "native" whole-disk encryption on Linux?
What security mechanisms are used in BGP and why do they fail?
Is there a way to get msfpayload to generate a regular cmd.exe reverse tcp shell?
How does the NSA restrict public access to cryptography?
OpenSSL Code Review
How can you detect an insecure, non-random token?
Is a properly configured server secure against unauthorized data access?
How do two Tor relays communicate with one another?
Are backups really secure?
How do password suites store and encrypt their metadata and prevent attacks based on that knowledge?
How do I hack this login page by using SQL injection?
Content-Security-Policy & Facebook login
Is it secure to have two password managers?
Is there anything standing in the way of email encryption going mainstream?
Risks associated with compiling open source projects
Is there any mail service accepting real id?
openssl aes 256 cbc strange bug
How can I allow only authorized browsers to access a website?
Hidding ip address in a peer to peer connection
Sql injection is not working on my site?
Why an attacker would use a trojan over a spyware?
Is it safe to use localstorage to store session variables and user password?
Is it bad to put a certificate as CA in Firefox?
Client-server authentication protocol suggestion
What is the different between CMP and SCEP protocol?
Downloading list of pinned certificates
Booting into Live USB Linux
How difficult it is to solve a salt if knowing the original data and the hash output that uses the SHA-2 algorithm
Simpler idea for protection against reflected XSS on client side
Login Authentication with SSL and HMAC
Storing encryption keys on a server using Node.js and MySQL
How to make an efficient bruteforce attack on Windows?
Why is GPG file encryption so much slower than other AES implementations?
Is it legal to hack forum bots?
Storing private messages in a database
Wipe free space or take image and wipe entire disk?
How to know what personal information companies know about myself
Encrypting multiple blocks with an asymmetric scheme
WPA/WPA2 networks cracks methods
Hack into a computer through MAC and IP address
How does BGP filtering work to prevent routing hijacking?
How to decrypt javascript code extracted from PDF
Allow loopback in Iptables?
Can Heartbleed expose a TOR user's IP address?
Apache 2.2 mod_ssl configuration Forward Secrecy/BREACH/BEAST/CRIME
Evaluation of cryptosystem for authentication and keyexchange
Metasploit Pivoting on loopback?
Does the ARM TrustZone technology support sealing a private key under a code hash?
Linux kernel 3+ system call table modification detection
How secure is JavaScript based OAuth 2.0
What are the OpenSSL standard Diffie Hellmann parameters (primes)?
Keepass Dictionary Attack Protection Strategy
Using Fiddler to capture few important Details
Web Application Authentication Using Computer Properties
NTLM/LM Hashes on Domain Controller
Risk in buying an SSL cert from a not well-known party
Length-constant password comparison in scrypt?
Secure connection failed (OCSP)
Instant Messaging End-to-End
Outbound Port 443 Open but Not Allowing SSH
Sql Injection and no priviliges to write files
Python SSH vs SSL?
How to detect Snort on the network?
How does Shodan crawl internet-connected devices?
HeartBleed and Closed Source Hardware like Cisco
Enabling port forwarding on port 53 on a DNS server, why is it a risk?
SSH: benefits of using hashed known_hosts
SQL injection: real escape string function
Encrypting files in .NET?
Field-level encryption vs disk encryption for PCI compliance
Is this "Domain Registration Service" email a scam?
How do you manage credentials to multiple remote systems?
How does anti-phishing software work to identify phishing sites?
Is there a value in using portable programs on a USB key?
Prevent CSRF using ViewState?
Can "cat-ing" a file be a potential security risk?
If I change any character in a private PEM, should the public PEM be different?
Audiobooks to learn about Infosec?
OpenSSL: Bad Record MAC on TLS Heart Beat
Repercussions of hacked router?
How different should passwords be?
Determine if Tor works
Whether heartbleed is attaked while we are using heartbeat with apache(httpd)?
Identifying SSL traffic?
Is there a way to attack the SHA-3, GOST, and WHIRLPOOL hash functions?
How do I securely deal with SSL certificate validation failure when the client date is incorrect?
Is my WiFi and computer hacked?
How to avoid DDOS against Kerberos Authentication Server
Should I obscure database primary keys (IDs) in application front end?
How easy is it to make a malicious bank/identity card?
Can a Tor exit node be reliably identified?
Do Javascript malware signatures exist?
Do I need an SSL Certificate for a HTTP only site?
How can I create a password that says "SALT ME!" when hashed?
Server Infection: post-cleanup best practices
Worthy security related certifications for a software engineer
Random token and email confirmation key of 10 chars sufficient?
App permissions to access hardware "at any time without your confirmation"
How can I add a layer of security to cleartext passwords and SSL?
SSL Certificate framework 101: How does the browser actually verify the validity of a given server certificate?
Is there a maximum allowed key size in the USA?
Which hashing algorithm is ideal for use on the web?
Retrieving CSRF token cross-domain using JSONP, risky?
Detect possible router attack attempt
Understanding Hearthbleed attacks
Challenge Response Login Authentication with Password Salt
NTP DDoS Attack on Home Servers
What is the point to the IPEK in DUKPT?
Is there a general name for this sort of cryptographic protocol?
OpenSource considered harmfull?
How do big companies ensure that other people don't register a new top level domain with their name?
Is hashing a DLL useful to protect from DLL hijacking?
How to avoid session sharing inside the same network
How to install Metasploit on Mavericks + MacPorts?
Understanding the details of SPI in IKE and IPsec
Reverse proxy and corporate PKI
Use SSH config file with Putty
Is it good idea to rely on Mifare UID for security/authorization reasons?
Check if i'm using a filtered network
OpenVPN seamless migration from 1024-bit RSA to 2048-bit RSA keys
Most secure SSH server
What's a good time period before refreshing CSRF token of the user session?
Is the following code seeding OpenSSL's PRNG necessary, superfluous, or harmful?
Can you export a report from OWASP ZAP based off a individual website?
What should I do when I need to store passwords for usage in 3rd party software?
DTLS CertificateVerify doubt
How are private keys stored on disk?
Google Accessed My MSN Account!
Letting users pick up where they left off...without logging in (is this bad form?)
Does having a separate e-mail account only for security, increase security?
PHP files browsable: is this a vulnerability?
Spyware for feature phones
IKEv2: Why is it important "that each side sign the other side's nonce"
Is wiping memory at code/end good practise?
How to get top management support for security projects?
Forensics in the cloud
SmartCard for private keys - personal usage
Robots.txt and admin areas
How can I get confirmation of new security problem in struts2?
What makes iOS more secure than other phone OS
"No hack no fee" pen-testing agreements
Does my brokerage/bank use poor password security measures?
Does Google 2-step verification protect user from session hijacking?
Crypto software: overwrite sensitive buffer
Can someone launch a DOS attack on my IP
Understanding the order by clause used in SQL Injections
Which is more secure - a VPN, a proxy-server, Tor, etc.? And why so, exactly?
What is the security benefit of Per-File Encryption key architecture?
Does methods such as Generalized Mersenne are safe way to find p and q?
Load balancer and two machines - how many SSL certificates do I need?
