Was the 16th Amendment (income tax) improperly ratified?
Was beer the most popular drink for breakfast before coffee became popular?
Is using a standing desk for several hours healthier than sitting at a desk all day?
Do 20% of Australian children think pasta comes from animals?
Does Aderall make you less creative?
Is this graph of life expectancy pre and post Chernobyl accurate?
Is coffee anti-cancerous?
Do Facebook and email have "wide ranging biological effects" and potentially cause cancer?
Does drinking coffee greatly reduce the risk of developing Alzheimer’s disease?
Can a Renault Megane drive 1700 km with 1 tank?
Are cosmetic/pharmaceutical products without parabens healthier than counterparts with it?
Does drinking alcohol help a sore throat?
Does sodium bicarbonate reduce the risk of cancer?
Can a commercial airplane fly in an inverted position as depicted in Flight?
Is Mary Ann Schinfield a real person?
Can MRI machines induce a sensation of extreme heat?
Is sleeping on airbeds unhealthy?
Was there 100% turnout and 100% Obama support in Cuyahoga County in 2012 Presidential Election?
Is Mungiki one of the world's most dangerous gangs?
Does food aid cause famines?
Death by exploding office chair?
Is voter fraud practically non-existent in the United States?
Is it possible to dodge the fire of matchlock muskets?
Does the combination of red wine and cheese cause bad dreams?
Did children in Ethiopia hack Android in five months?
Does Texas have the right to secede from the United States?
Is typical indoor concentration of VOC correlated to concentration of CO₂?
Can a bullet ricochet back at the shooter?
Is it possible to stop a hurricane by nuking it?
Is intelligence declining due to the lack of selection pressure?
Are more sunglasses sold in Seattle than in any other US city?
Is it possible to recover data on a zeroed hard drive?
Is the climber's head-lamp backstory for this long-exposure photo feasible?
Does "red rain" contain extraterrestrial cells?
Is Diet Coke 99% water?
Did George Washington support the sowing of Hemp?
Are there more American houses with dogs than with children?
Did John McAfee, the anti-virus creator, found an alternative medicine company?
Is the heart symbol based on female anatomy?
Is cleaning of teeth necessary for healthier gums?
Can the over-use of energy drinks cause a heart attack?
Has the primary benefit of statins in reducing early deaths never been fully tested in comparative trials?
Can optimism "boost" the immune system
Can BCAAs be beneficial for recovery and performance for weight lifters?
Is Islamberg a terrorist training camp?
Does your stomach shrink if you eat less?
Were the terms "Dilscoop" and "Carrom ball" coined by Mahendra Mapagunaratne?
Was polo the first sport to be played on earth?
Did Lloyd George say, "We must reserve the right to bomb niggers"?
Does a gene predict the time of day one dies?
Is there a worldwide helium shortage?
Is there a "sweet spot" of secondary engagement that makes driving safer?
Can an RFID tag be identified at distance in the real world?
Is it possible to banish jet-lag with hi-tech sunglasses?
Does sex cure headache's symptoms or causes?
Is this map of Israel-occupied territory accurate?
Do earthenware pots contains lead?
Do hovercraft trigger minefields?
Is avoiding global warming by preventing CO₂ emissions far too expensive compared to geoengineering or adapting to a warmer world?
Can Tummo yoga practitioners withstand extreme cold?
How did Yasser Arafat die?
Does Barack Obama have an aunt who was a homeless illegal alien that used government housing for 10 years?
Does knowing Latin help learning English?
Does the Retina Display cause less eyestrain than other screens?
Do wind turbines kill many birds each year?
Does the human appendix have a purpose, or is it more of an evolutionary leftover?
How did Bruce Lee die?
Does a cell phone emit 1000 times more radiation when its battery is low?
Is there such a thing as an aphrodisiac?
Can a lower core temperature, lower caloric intake and low blood pressure prolong life?
Did the US military pay $600 for a hammer?
Can a man survive in snow-covered car for two months?
Does chlorophyll have any health benefits for humans?
Is Coltan the main cause of conﬂict in Congo since 1997?
Now that Facebook is a PLC does this change the privacy of your profile contents
Are vets legally allowed to treat humans?
Is the hominid skull discovered in Petralona 700,000 years old?
Do frank (but not gratuitous) discussions or depictions of sexuality traumatize children?
Is the rate of Human Evolution Slowing down?
Is today's unemployment worse than the Great Depression?
Does this audio of Delta Brain Waves help with mentality and emotion?
Who writes congressional bills?
Was homosexuality an integral part of samurai life?
Does a UN Treaty force gun control in the USA?
Has copyright piracy halved in New Zealand since their "three strikes" rule?
Does chewing coffee grounds or beans give you more caffeine than drinking coffee?
Drug addiction: "You can only help if the person wants to be helped"
Has India invaded any country in the last 10,000 years?
Do Christmas celebrations have these diverse non-Christian origins?
Will 25% of people in Western society develop a mental disorder during their life?
Does the Catholic Church prohibit abortion?
Can blue light therapy contribute to Age-related Macular Degeneration?
Are delayed food allergies a recognized medical condition?
Do bullfrogs sleep?
Do solar cycles influence life expectancy?
Do humans share 99% of their DNA with rats?
Does drinking cold water help to reduce weight?
Does the ripeness of a banana have any effect on causing constipation?
Does a turbo-charged engine require a "cooling down" period?
Does Gallagher have a twin brother?
Does drinking milk at night help one to sleep better and absorb more calcium?
Does the QNET Amezcua Bio Disc work?
Does the brain limit muscle strength in humans, but not in other apes?
Did the psychic Sonja Grace find the body of Austin David King?
Can food allergies be detected by holding tubes of food samples?
Is spider silk stronger than steel?
Does the "Eatwell plate" cost £16.70 per week?
Did Victor Hugo work naked to prevent himself from leaving his desk?
Are North Korea launching satellites to provide cover for testing of long-range missile technology?
Do peoples' names affect their choice of career?
Did a banned treatise claim Leonardo da Vinci converted to Islam?
Can boneset cure dengue fever?
Did Sir Arthur Conan Doyle call J.B. Rhine a "monumental ass" in print?
Is sense of humor somehow related to intelligence?
Does "Sugar feed infection"
Can artificial sweeteners make you gain weight?
Could an adult mind automatically adjust if a person was to wear glasses that inverted/flipped all vision?
Are "black-box" data recorders to be installed in all new US cars?
Could obligatory screening for Thalassemia in Cyprus violate the bioethical rules?
Do the 3 red stars on Washington DC's flag represent 3 city states?
Are there 263 Sri Lankans working for NASA?
Does money correlate with happiness at a certain level?
Did drinking milk cause an evolutionary change in the human genome?
Are 1 million people a year date raped?
Can those limited to the left side of their brains only describe the left half of one's face?
Does working over 40 hours a week make you less productive?
Did the Nazis maliciously fluoridate drinking water?
Did astronauts or cosmonauts have sex in space?
Are Auto Manufacturers required under US Federal Law to provide parts for a set period of time?
Are lax gun laws responsible for the high rate of handgun violence in the United States?
Is "face reading" accurate?
Does stretching before exercise raise the risk of injury?
Is every 13th wave larger then the rest?
Has Verizon filed a patent for a device to watch you while you watch TV?
Did Japanese people misspell "We pray for MacArthur's election"?
Does the use of tasers by the police lead to an increase in people killed by police?
Did Reverend Mezzofanti fluently speak thirty-four languages?
How often are guns used by private citizens in self defense per year in the United States?
Are all the citizens of UAE very rich?
Are carrots orange because the Dutch loved orange?
Do the commercially produced toilet seat covers significantly reduce the spread of disease?
Are bleaching powders effective cleaning agents?
Do workplace smoking bans reduce the number of heart attacks?
Did the Large Hadron Collider end up costing 10 billion dollars?
What is the value of armed bystanders in preventing gun deaths?
Is Autism in Children frequently due to low Glutathione Levels?
What info should I keep secret to avoid identity theft?
Are humans incapable of digesting gluten?
Can headbanging cause brain damage?
Was Dr. Joseph Bell able to determine the occupation of a stranger by observation?
Did more than 660 High-School students die as a direct result of Football injuries?
Are perpetrators in mass killings more likely to play violent video games?
Were the Egyptian pyramids wireless power stations?
Is it illegal in any U.S. jurisdiction to be in neutral at a red light?
In medieval times, were children beaten at Christmas to remind them of the cruelty of King Herod?
Is it illegal to air a prank call in the United States because of FCC regulation?
Is Khan Academy effective at teaching?
Recommendation of the Canadian Paediatric Society to never clip tongue ties for breastfeeding
Does United States have no technology to allow Internet voting in a secure way?
Is poker more a game of skill than chance?
Does smiling too much indicate low social status?
Did this US judge rule that poker is a game of skill and not chance?
Are men smarter than women?
Is it possible to gain an edge in roulette through physics?
Do chameleons change colour for a reason other than camouflage?
Can dolphins learn a symbol based language?
Does drinking fluoridated water prevent cavities?
Does a column of marching soldiers have to break their rhythm while crossing a bridge to prevent its collapse?
Does every North Korean home have a radio that can't be turned off?
Do higher mathematical abilities inversely correlate with good communication skills?
Is sea water suitable for human consumption?
Did chess not appear until after the death of Mohammad?
Was Phyllis Mullenix fired after publishing research on neurotoxicity of fluoride?
List comparing countries attacked by Iran and the USA accurate?
Are heart attacks due to Vitamin C deficiency?
Are most people right handed, because they had to protect their heart?
Did Newton discover that white light consists of various rays of coloured light?
Did the EPA fire a toxicologist, Dr. William Marcus, for refusing to remain silent on the cancer risk of fluoride?
Is the "Reader voices strong opinion on atheists" letter a hoax?
Are there currently any tests available to diagnose fluoride or fluorine toxicity?
Can permanent magnets be exploited to create energy?
Does your body suffer one mutation for every 15 cigarettes you smoke?
Does listening to complaints damage your neurons?
Was there a deep US involvement with Saddam, Osama and Gaddafi?
Is Frontline (fipronil) an effective treatment for cat fleas?
Did the democrats win the popular vote in the 2012 US congressional elections?
Can the dead speak via Electronic Voice Phenomena (EVP)?
Can drinking coconut water harm sperm production?
Do casinos have a negative economic and social impact on the neighborhoods they are located in?
Is Red Bull and Vodka more dangerous than other spirit cocktails?
Does Chess ELO correlate with IQ
Can excessive exercise cause long term heart damage?
Can egg shells be digested?
Is testosterone responsible for typically "male" behaviour?
Does rubbing hands on a steel block reduce the smell of garlic?
Does homosexuality preserve the species?
Can a woman lift a 1.5 ton car?
Is the judicial system biased against men?
Do fingerprint scanners cause skin cancer?
Is there such a thing as "leisure sickness"?
Does increased gun ownership in the US correlate with a reduction in violent crime rates?
Is there a single US tax law that allows profits to be moved offshore to avoid taxes?
Is lead exposure responsible for the rise and fall of violent crime in the US?
Have throat lozenges been shown to be ineffective?
Police tip lines, are they huge source of false reports?
Is Coca-Cola effective at removing blood-stains?
Do copper bracelets help arthritis?
Can increased doses of morphine speed up dying?
If a defibrillator is correctly applied to a person with a normal heart rate, what consequences will they suffer?
Is La Palma the steepest island in the world?
Have Time Management Techniques Been Shown To Be Effective
Did George W. Bush spend 32% of his presidency vacationing, versus Barack Obama's 5.2%?
Is drinking a cold drink and drinking hot soup unhealthy in any way?
Are apples better than coffee to wake up?
Is hand gel effective against Norovirus?
Is non-ionizing radiation known to cause any health issues?
Did the moon's tidal effect sink the Titanic?
Does drinking milk make people produce more phlegm?
Was superglue invented to seal bullet injuries in Vietnam?
Are air humidifiers necessary, does low humidity have negative heath effects?
Did/does the US government keep secret papers by Nikola Tesla?
Does chewing on gum help clean your teeth?
Were more than a half of all Silicon Valley tech companies founded by immigrants between 1995 and 2005?
Does cryogenic treatment of automobile rotors increase performance?
Do mobile phones interfere with bees communication?
Is "strawberry quik" and chocolate flavored meth going around schools?
Was Oppenheimer a spy passing nuclear secrets to Soviet agents?
Do the number of myofibrils increase with exercise?
Did Abraham de Moivre Predict His Own Death?
Does replacing sweet drinks with coffee make you less depressed?
Does Chronic Lyme exist?
Did the Harvard Museum of Natural History put this label on their display?
Can blue light from LCD panels cause damage to the eyes?
Would we see a doomsday asteroid beforehand?
Can plants sense human intentions?
Is a short-term fast beneficial for maintaining good health and extending life expectancy?
Is the Comic Sans font easier to read for dyslexics?
Do light boxes help Seasonal Affective Disorder?
Have we only mined 16 tonnes of platinum in the whole of history?
Are over 90% of school shooters on anti-psychotics?
Does Heattech clothing generate heat?
Do lingerie bags protect delicates from damage in washing machines?
Does chelation therapy for artherosclerosis, clogging of our arteries, work?
Does the average European adult weigh 71kg?
Does lead used in electronics leach into the environment via landfill at detrimental levels?
Did lead poisoning contribute to the fall of the Roman Empire?
When fed to rats, does GM Soy cause smaller babies?
Are there fewer women available at the higher end of aptitude in the sciences?
If comparing white populations, does the U.S. have the same murder rate as Belgium?
Did Akakhievitch open up the patient's brain and, one by one, ablate several thousand neurons, each of which related to the concept of his mother?
Did Muammar al-Gaddafi have 95% popular support even when he was being overthrown
Did Libya's Central Bank offer loans at 0% interest?
Did Allied forces use chemical weapons in Okinawa during World War II?
Is eating boogers good for you?
Do consumer-grade body-fat scales provide consistent results?
Does Monsanto have a bee patent?
Does coconut oil work as an antibiotic and as a treatment for AIDS?
Did the Aurora, Colorado movie theater killer select the only nearby theater where guns were prohibited?
Is there an iPhone app that can make corn kernels pop?
During the decade of the Clinton ban on semiautomatic rifles and high-capacity magazines, did crime not go down?
Do (some) Louisiana schools teach the Loch Ness Monster as evidence for creationism?
Was a semi-automatic rifle used in the Sandy Hook massacre?
Did Lance Armstrong Have Cancer?
Do Elite US military units use Kalashnikov weapons?
Which are the oldest pyramids?
Did banning lead additives in petrol (gasoline) make a large contribution to lowering lead levels in people's blood?
Do some ingredients in lip balm cause dry lips?
Does the bulletproof diet work?
Goat's milk as an anti-inflammatory?
Is there any correlation between sleeping position and personality?
Does ringing ears after a concert mean hearing loss?
Are Taiwanese people gambling on when cancer sufferers will die?
Does anyone know what cyanide tastes like?
Does chicken soup helps fight the common cold more than other hot beverages?
Are there 10 time more home invasions in the UK than the USA?
Did a US software developer outsource his own job to China?
Do girls mature more quickly than boys?
Did the Vatican build a secret property empire using Mussolini's millions?
Do memory foam mattresses help reduce back pain?
Are businesses required to cut up credit cards?
Is a lack of breakfast the #1 brain damaging habit?
Does fluorescent lighting in schools correlate to increased illness and behavior problems?
Are refined edible oils unhealthy compared to unrefined ones?
Do depleted uranium shells cause birth defects?
Do married people live longer than single people?
Was there an "expressionless" woman admitted to Cedar Senai hospital in LA in 1972?
Do folks who live with a pet have a longer life?
Do murderers tend to return to the scene of the crime?
Did scientists discover a way to live without breathing for 30 minutes?
Can the useful lifespan of razor blades be extended by stroking them over jeans?
Was every Republican President since 1923 a Member of the Bohemian Grove?
Was there a recent spate of violence against Indians in Australia?
Do death penalty cases cost the state more than life-long imprisonment?
Are Instant Noodles bad for people's health?
Is there a "red shift" in U.S. elections — a significant shift to republican votes between polls and voting? Does this imply fraud?
Did medieval Russia reject Islam because of its prohibition against alcohol?
Did the USSR have 21 thousand tanks at the beginning of WW2?
Roe v. Wade: was the rape claim used or influential in the case?
Did Barack Obama receive 108% of the vote in one Ohio county?
Does putting a reflective screen inside your car against the windshield have a meaningful impact on internal temperature?
Is it harmful to read while moving?
Does McDonald's periodic release of the McRib sandwich drive up market prices for pork trimmings?
Is the the "civilian casualty ratio" in modern day warfare about 3-4:1?
Did James Lovelock deny that CFCs destroyed ozone?
Was the 2010 Polish presidential Tu-154 plane crash set up?
Does the decision to fly or not have no impact on GHG emissions inside the EU?
Is there any data on how efficient Tesla wireless power transmission was?
Would baking soda and vinegar clean hair, and how?
Is the eye-movement aspect of EMDR therapy more effective than other available therapies for treating trauma survivors?
Did the USSR have better tanks than Germany in WW2?
Are the IPCC climate change models overestimating sensitivity to carbon dioxide?
Does milk cause heart attacks and cancer?
Did Iran launch a monkey into space and safely return it to Earth?
Does this creation model conflict with modern science?
Does alcohol-free "essential oil" mouthwash kill bacteria in your mouth?
Did Canadian company HyperStealth invent an invisibility cloak?
Was time travel achieved and then hidden from the public?
Span of Control: 5-7 direct subordinates of one manager
Has a programmer ever embezzled money by shaving fractions of a cent from many bank transactions?
Is the pharmaceutical industry the most profitable business in the United States?
Could the Australian Aborigines have Descended from Three People?
Is this picture of Beyoncé Knowles real?
Does "hard water" cause eczema?
Was there a cocktail named 'Mickey Slim' that used DDT as an ingredient?
Are drugs, sex and weapons the largest three markets?
Does the South Park episode "Trapped in the Closet" accurately depict the beliefs of Scientology?
Were there only two cars in Ohio in 1895, and they managed to crash into each other?
Is eating meals at irregular times unhealthy?
Are women weak in religion and reasoning as compared to men?
Did lightning strike the St. Peter basilica the night the Pope resigned?
Do non-educated people tend more to the right/conservative political wing?
Is it not possible to swim in crude oil?
Do Acupressure Wristbands help with nausea?
Do banks typically lose as much money as they make in the long term?
Does the Japanese medicinal tonic, Yomeishu, help with fatigue, poor circulation and gastrointestinal illnesses?
Does a -9 dB room cause hallucinations?
Are locks as easy to pick as in the movies?
Shouldn't an electric car be thermodynamically at a disadvantage towards one with a combustion engine?
Is there no link between the meteor that affected Russia and the asteroid 2012 DA14?
Are women more likely to be speakers at tech conferences than men?
Why does small amount of night time sleep makes a person more tired when he wakes up?
Is kidney theft happening in real life?
Does popped popcorn have less calories than unpopped?
Does illegal downloading of music significantly damage sales?
Are Americans less prosperous and less educated than their parents for the first time?
Is or was the husband's knot/stitch a medical procedure?
Can they calculate how close 2012 DA14 comes to Earth for the remainder of this century
Is there an active international arrest warrant against Henry Kissinger?
Has a mass murder ever been prevented by a good guy with a firearm?
How well does "insulating paint" insulate (if at all)?
Can a skunk spray with its feet off the ground?
Can Scopolamine turn people into mindless "zombies"?
Are ants afraid of the smell of lemon?
Are ants afraid of chalk and won't cross a chalk line?
Is the typical female porn star a big-boobed blonde?
Do not eat garlic in the evening
Who killed Martin Luther King Jr?
Are only 5% of Americans naturally blonde?
Are ecinacea-based products effective against a colds and flu-like illnesses?
Did rescue St. Bernard dogs carry barrels of brandy around their necks?
Is the gender gap in male dominated areas possible to overcome by a simple self-esteem exercise?
Did the Republican Party in the House of Representatives recently propose not a single job bill, but many morality and gun-related bills?
Is Coca Cola harmful for one's health?
Did only a handful of people in Europe know how to do division before the 13th century?
Did clergymen contribute more to science than scientists in the 19th century?
Can you get high by smoking oregano?
Does honey with warm water and lemon reduce tummy fat?
Is the U.S. Tea Party astroturf or a genuine grassroots movement?
Is cooked protein less digestible than raw protein?
Does positive thinking have any effect?
Do eggs have DHA? If yes, then how much on an average?
Are there over 4000 chemicals in tobacco smoke?
Is "peak wind" coming?
Was Greenpeace ever sponsored by KGB?
Will your eyes pop out if you sneeze with your eyes open?
Does a burger require an hour of jogging to burn off?
Are intelligent people more nocturnal than people not considered intelligent?
Will using auto-darkening welding helmets damage your vision?
Does it take the same force to bite through a finger as a carrot?
Did Swedish tax rate ever exceed 100%?
Do cats have a chemical in their brains that resembles LSD?
Will the Affordable Care Act negatively impact radiologists in America?
Is Tehran suffering from a plague of mutant cat-sized rats?
Can irregular sleeping hours cause developmental issues for the brain?
Were most gladiators volunteers?
Is the Lindy effect well supported by evidence?
Did big projects used to get finished on time and on budget?
Does the US have $54 trillion?
Was the Mayo clinic one of the safest due to hypnotic anaesthesia in its early days?
Does masturbating everynight cause problems in the future?
Did Hugo Chávez have a net worth of 2 billion dollars at the time of his death?
Did Dave Elman contribute to an open heart surgery with hypnosis as the only anesthetic?
Are slow metabolisms to blame for obesity?
Do ripe bananas combat abnormal cells and cancer?
For the same size, is real estate cheaper in Australia than Japan?
Is rape a crime about violence and power, or a crime of passion?
Is Walmart the largest company in history?
Does drinking water from plastic bottles contaminate your blood?
Did the Irish Catholic church have slaves in Ireland as recently as 1996?
Did cobblers nail Thomas Paine's initials into shoes to scorn him?
Does painting your radiators black make your heating more efficient?
Do adults sleep better when they sleep alone?
In the USA, do supporters of the Republican party make more charitable donations than supporters of the Democrats?
Could Fukushima daiichi cause the health problems suffered by the USS Ronald Reagan crew?
Was it common among soldiers to put boot blacking on other soldiers' private parts during WW I?
Did the Dogon tribes discover "Trans-Pluto"?
Did the newly elected pope, Jorge Bergoglio (Francis), play any role in the 1976-1983 military regime in Argentina?
How many almonds does it take to get cyanide poisoning?
Do fish feel pain?
Is it possible for a pine tree to grow in your lungs?
Is washing your body too often bad for your skin?
Did ancient Chinese frontline troops decapitate themselves to scare their foes?
Did Pope Francis say that women are "unfit for political office", and merely the "helper of men"?
Does the Veterans Health Administration (VHA) provide higher quality, cheaper care than most other US health systems?
Would the US deficit disappear if the costs of medical activity were more like the rest of the world?
Do firefighters avoid eating pork?
Are women physically weaker?
Alcohol good or bad?
Are pigs man-eaters?
Are fossil fuels making the world greener?
Could McDonald's pay a $10.10 minimum wage with an increase of only 4¢ per meal?
Did 2.5 million Americans serve in the Afghanistan and Iraq wars from 2001 to 2013?
How legit is this graph of heart disease and cancer vs unrefined plant foods?
Do North Koreans resort to cannibalism?
Can Chinese people read the literature of 2,500 years ago as easily as yesterday's newspapers
Is de-extinction possible in the near future?
Does pumping gas when the tank is half full and on the low flow setting provide an economic benefit?
Will entering the ATM's PIN in reverse notify the police?
Can a Bitcoin Exchange manipulate the exchange rate in a way that defrauds its users without consequence?
Does Scotland receive more public funding than its tax-payers contribute?
Does this audio track create a bond between the brain and the central nervous system whilst stimulating the pineal gland?
Is Australia the highest per capita emitter of greenhouse gases in the OECD?
Does menstruation affect the ability of women to do blue-collar work?
Is a large percentage of human communication non-verbal?
Is CICO (calories in, calories out) a useful concept in diets?
Can a loudspeaker make water stream form a zig-zag flow?
Does the number of lobes on a green pepper indicate any specific culinary traits about the individual pepper?
Does adding a dry towel to a load in the dryer make it dry faster?
Does urine have health benefits?
If the universe is just a Matrix-like simulation, how could we ever know?
Is the key legal, historical reason that marriage exists in the United States to regulate procreation?
Are tomatoes associated with increased risk of prostate cancer?
Does aspartame "eat" holes in your cellular membranes
Does donating blood boost the immune system?
Could El Hierro eruption cause a mega-tsunami?
Are there 40,000 children of same-sex couples in California?
Are "vanishing caloric density" and "designer sodium" real?
Does Yasuhiro Kubo own the world record for Banzai Sky diving?
Does turning your eyes away from your monitor once an hour help your eyes' health?
Are there 60,000 miles of blood vessels in the human body?
Do people tend to have a particular language representational system (visual, auditory, or kinesthetic representational)?
Does Coca-Cola kill germs in the stomach?
Is having a "sign waver" an effective marketing strategy?
Will applying beer on my hair make it appear shiny and lustrous?
Does Hijama (cupping) alleviate pain and other ailments?
Are mixed-blood children smarter than their non mixed-blood parents?
Does the fasting two times a week diet (the 5:2 diet) provide health benefits?
Did the French Revolution cause people to give the Ace (in a deck of cards) rank above a King?
Did the National Rifle Association (NRA) block research into statistics related to gun control?
Can lightning restore sight?
Does the "Flynn Effect" in a way discredit the notion of IQ tests?
Can blackheads be removed with egg white?
Can HAARP warp space-time?
Were lice used for election in medieval Sweden?
Do workplace performance appraisals and workplace goal-setting exercises hurt morale?
Did Studio Ghibli send a katana to Disney that said "no cuts?"
Did Lewandowsky use dodgy data in his paper showing correlation between free market and anti-science views?
Can coughing help you survive a heart attack?
x percent of people own y percent of the wealth
Has nuclear power generation saved millions of lives from avoided air pollution?
Has North Korea threatened a preemptive strike on the USA or its allies?
Wi-fi is more power-efficient than 3G?
Do modern turbo-diesel car engines fail significantly more often than gasoline ones?
Are wind turbines harmful to human health?
Was the USA colonized by criminals?
Have extra-terrestrials ever been in contact with humans?
Was a 5000 year old flying machine discovered in Afghanistan?
Are atheists barred from holding public office in Texas?
Is it dangerous to stand or squat on a toilet seat?
Is there a herbal tea that cures malaria that the world health organization is discouraging
Was Australian colonisation started as a penal colony?
Are low-spec computer parts just faulty high-spec computer parts?
Have people died of cancer from the Fukushima daiichi nuclear accident?
75% of headaches due to poor bite?
Is cancer a trade off to enable faster evolution?
Did Fukushima cause babies on the US West Coast to be more at risk from hypothyroidism?
Is there any difference between milk from rBST treated cows and non-rBST treated cows?
Are viruses man-made nano-technology?
Are yowies real?
Do body piercings lead to fat gain?
Is "Limitless" pill is for real?
Do women drive 80% of consumption?
Does water therapy provide measurable benefits to childbirth?
Does covering one eye for an extended period of time increase the other eye's function?
Does Hamas execute drug offenders?
Does North Korea have largest special forces in the World?
Is vaccination from polio necessary in first world countries?
Did Kim Jong-il Score 11 holes in one in golf?
Has a carbon price lead to a 8.6 percent drop in electricity demand in Australia?
Were flu vaccines 9% effective for the elderly in 2013?
Does the HPV cause cervical cancer?
If attacked, does having a handgun increase your chance of injury?
Is the recent surge in bitcoin prices driven by Cypriot investors?
Are there fewer Americans in the labor force than in 1979?
Misconceptions about electric theory
Did Australia ban small-breasts pornography?
Can overheating laptops cause fire?
Does legalizing prostitution decrease sexual violence against all women?
Did 25 people die because of H1N1 vaccine of 1976?
Does a mobile phone send signals when it's off?
Was sexually transmitted disease rampant amongst troops occupying Japan?
Are the leaves of bean plants effective for controlling bed bugs?
Did journalist Amber Lyon claim that the US Government paid CNN to control content?
Time traveling machine invented?
Can you get addicted to cheese?
Can the rhinoceros beetle carry 100x its own weight?
Are there mobile phones in North Korea?
Does the EPI-NO device prevent perineal injury during childbirth?
Do Americans spend 9.14 billion hours on government paperwork every year?
Can a plant survive bottled in its own ecosystem for 50 years?
Does excessive menthol cause sleepiness?
Are humans the only animals that kill for pleasure or no purpose?
Is there a mechanism to stop theft of supermarket trolleys?
Have all sustainable cultures been illiterate (or not made a fetish of reading)?
Are biofuels environmentally friendly?
Are United States scientists building a Stanford Torus space station in the Ukraine?
Has Phish "never played the same setlist twice"?
Could smoking cause erectile dysfunction?
Is there a disparity between the number of US schools teaching creationism and the population's desire?
Is it possible to fix stuck LCD pixels using flashing colours?
Are Kinder Surprise eggs banned in the US?
Do wild dogs use trains to commute to and from Moscow?
How many Americans support background checks for person-to-person gun purchases?
Are Americans ignorant about the geography of the world?
Did CNN journalist say that Chechens are from Czech republic?
Do ad blockers in browsers save significant energy?
Can butterflies break off tree branches?
Did a firefighter rescue a cat from a still-burning house?
Do sea otters rape baby seals to death?
Did Hitler borrow his mustache from Chaplin?
Is more than 25g or 38g of sugar per day harmful?
Does juggling increase gray matter/size of the occipito-temporal cortex?
Is the "I before E" English spelling rule wrong more than it is right?
Does Lumosity increase your intelligence?
Is the immigrant/crime correlation simply explained by lower wealth?
Is McDonald's exempt from the HHS Contraception Mandate?
Does physics give a climate sensitivity to carbon dioxide of about 3°C?
Did former president Woodrow Wilson extensively rely on Napoleon Hill's work during the World War?
Does milk sold in a store with good product turnover lose a significant amount of Vitamin B2 from light exposure?
Is Boston bombing victim Jeff Bauman double-amputee soldier Nick Vogt?
Does going to church add up to 3 years of life expectancy?
Did oil come from Dinosaurs?
Does alcohol consumption have an effect on radiation poisoning?
Was George Washington the source of this quote equating government gun control with evil intentions?
Does the 'Mafia' still exist in Italy?
NAET - is it a hoax or does it have any merit?
Was Omar Borkan Al Gala removed from Saudi Arabia for being "too handsome"?
Was Silvio Berlusconi working together with the Italian mafia?
Does ignoring the extent of death caused by medical error distort the public perception of the quality of US healthcare?
Does Queen Elizabeth II own 6,600 million acres of land?
Is the value of a tree $193,250?
Is the US Government buying extra ammunition in order to deny it the Civilian Population
Is sleepiness after a goods night's sleep a sign of dehydration?
Have the USDA bullied (allegedly criminal) raisin-marketers?
Can CT scans performed on a child's head lower his or her intelligence?
Are you more likely to suffer a head injury walking than cycling?
Is it possible to officially Buy A Star?
Does North Korea have the third highest IQ?
Do lemon and yogurt remove tan when applied on the skin?
How many days can you live without food?
Did some Johnson & Johnson's cosmetics contain Ethylene oxide?
Do children who attend pre-school get sick less often when they start kindergarten?
Does prison work reduce recidivism?
Were the reported number of injured people at the Boston bombing accurate?
Does Japan export food that is unsafe to eat in Japan?
Did mosque restorers find a 400-year-old letter from the architect with instructions?
Radiation dangers with GPS/navigation cellphone apps
Is the bible the most shoplifted book?
Were chemical weapons used in the civil war in Syria by the Assad regime before 2014?
Is a repaired car tire as good as a new one?
Does warm water freeze faster than cool water?
Is D-Wave Systems's "D-Wave One" a quantum computer?
Does the human body need alcohol?
Was there a sex hormone plan to feminise Hitler?
Is it unhealthy to live with cockroaches?
How much does an ISP pay for traffic?
Are manual transmission cars stolen less?
Can certain broadcast frequencies be used for mind control?
Is laetrile an efficient drug against cancer?
Could life begin by chance?
Can satellite jamming by Iranian authorities cause medical side effects on the Iranians health?
Was the 2003 Bam earthquake caused by nuclear testing?
Are tattoos (particularly Japanese) carcinogenic and do they prevent sweating?
Did Abraham Lincoln say "I would rather be a little nobody, then to be a evil somebody."?
Does Israel have nuclear weapons?
Do antibiotics reduce the efficacy of birth control?
Did Obama tell people to ignore those warning against tyranny?
Are any fragments of the True Cross authentic?
Are guns in the USA used 80 times more often to protect life than to take it?
Was Leonardo da Vinci homosexual?
Is it possible to do astral travel?
In Pre-WWII peacetime Germany, were there about 18,000-20,000 suicides per year?
What is the Atacama Humanoid?
Do a third of Italian men live with their parents?
Is Netherlands the least racist country in the world?
Can some species of jellyfish live forever?
Is the intelligence of people going down?
How sensitive are human ears?
Did Jews claim to be asians to Imperial Japan?
Graphene "heat sink" sticker for your mobile phone battery
Is sex slavery active in the Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates?
Does one acre of hemp yield as much paper as 4 acres of trees?
Is eating fruits separately/on an empty stomach healthier?
Can hearing aids "repair" hearing issues thanks to brain plasticity?
Was the penal system used to colonise Australia?
Is pornography addictive?
Did Adria Richards tweet "Black people CANNOT be racist..."?
Did Heineken knowingly sponsor a dog fighting event?
Was slavery the principal cause of the American Civil War?
Do "liquid solar blankets" work to stop heat from escaping a swimming pool?
Does the Gruen Transfer exist?
Do bedbugs spread disease?
Is this video of Bruce Lee playing ping pong with nunchucks real?
Can we preserve youth wearing a magnet?
Can eating the right foods avoid BRCA1 breast cancer?
Is it accurate to say that 97% of experts agree that global warming is anthropogenic?
Does beef meat have twice the amount of oestrogen as soy?
Do removable faceplates on car stereos deter theft?
Does the Hueyatlaco site show human habitation in Mexico >50,000 years ago?
Is there evidence that competition between hospitals creates better quality and lower cost healthcare?
Does "liquid-injection damp-proofing" work to water-proof walls?
Can people lift hundreds of pounds or run faster due to adrenaline?
Is sitting straight up the healthiest way to sit?
Is President Obama or his administration responsible for failing to transfer some prisoners out of Guantanamo?
Is Islam banned in Japan?
Does high dryer heat shrink clothes?
Is "Oil Pulling" an effective treatment for arthritis or other chronic diseases?
Is T. Rex more similar to sparrows than to stegosaurus?
Were giant human bones discovered in Castelnau?
Are Orthodox Jewish women suffering from a Shidduch (Marriage) Crisis due to an "Age Gap"?
Is Vitamin D production related to skin pigmentation?
Is it beneficial to treat a burn with ice?
Did the FBI agents responsible for killing Tamerlan Tsarnaev die together during a FBI training exercise?
Does Impatiens capensis (a.k.a. jewelweed) relieve symptoms caused by poison ivy or other irritants?
Is global temperature significantly affected by time of galactic year?
Is bentonite a hair clarifier?
Does the Catholic church accept evolution?
Do muscle systems operate exactly the same during a hangover?
Does ChiRunning reduce number of injuries experienced while running?
Do Punjab Board of Pakistan textbooks contain hate speech against non muslims?
Did an orangutan learn to pick locks?
Does the Gravitational constant fluctuate?
Can exercises be used to balance the brain's hemispheres?
Does putting warning on Cigarette packs reduce consumption?
Does Calendula ointment or cream promote healing of scrapes/cuts/burns?
Did Massachusetts have a higher literacy rate before compulsory schooling?
Can Type I diabetes be cured with a raw food diet and exercise?
Do 90% of new drugs not improve over previous drugs?
Do typical modern pharmaceutical firms spend more on marketing than on R&D?
Is there formaldehyde in the glue of bamboo cutting boards? Is it dangerous?
Does wifi stunt cress growth?
Can humans functionally move their eyeballs independently of one another?
Does flour or rice make an ant's stomach explode?
Are artificial sweeteners useful as insecticides against ants?
Was Edgar Cayce visited by Rockefeller and other important figures from that era?
Can voice signals be radio-transmitted to a human head acting as a radio receiver?
Did Incas use potatoes as a measure of time?
Is it more expensive to employ a smoker than a non-smoker?
Can oral sex cause throat cancer?
Are we running out of drinking water so that we need to be frugal with it?
Do running shoes prevent injury?
Are rising temperatures making fires worse?
Are bikinis banned from the 2013 Miss World competition in Indonesia?
Is there a trend in western publishing to obscure depictions of ethnic minorities on the covers of Young Adult literature?
Does apple cider vinegar help with dandruff
Did the Ancient Egyptians use twenty-sided dice?
Does treating people with mild hypertension improve their outcomes?
Does Nutella contains subtances that destroy neurons?
Can you recharge a phone battery in the microwave?
Do programming aptitude tests provide a reliable measurement of skills?
Can hypnosis increase breast size?
Does immigration have a positive economical impact on Sweden?
Is the hunt for Osama bin Laden responsible for the setback(s) in Polio eradication?
Compared to Japanese people, do Koreans have narrow eyes?
Did native americans ever used the practice of a "Rain Dance" in order to encourage rains?
Can hypnosis music improve your quality of life?
Have US judges ever declared someone not guilty due to determinism?
Is it possible to solve problems without active thinking?
Is drinking a soda as bad or more harmful than smoking a cigarette?
Was Chinese water torture ever used as a torture method?
Do Americans have on average seven operations in their lifetime?
Is Rolfing an effective treatment for bad posture?
Did native North Americans have cities before colonist times?
Are 'wind drops' (active ingredient Simeticone) effective in relieveing wind and colic symptoms?
Do major events on tv have the potential to wreak havoc on utilities such as water and electricity?
Does (liquid) nitrogen react with chlorine or other chemicals in a swimming pool?
Does 51% of CNBC climate coverage deny that climate change is caused by man-made pollution?
Does the CDC over-report annual flu deaths in the U.S.?
Are Vitamin D pills toxic for humans in the long term?
Does Australia label GMO foods?
Do some foods burn fat?
Are there no rules mandating disclosure of conflicts of interest for academic economists?
Can a body be dissolved by a few liters or gallons of Hydrofluoric acid?
Can you cause mosquitos to explode from drinking too much blood by flexing your muscles?
Does drinking a glass of water 30 minutes before meal have any positive effect on your health?
Can boiling water break car windows?
Can differential friction explain a statue turning around?
Do 1.4 million Americans have Top Secret clearance?
Does honey and cinnamon cure any diseases?
Anti-inflammatory property of food
Was David Cameron linked to "Hang Nelson Mandela" posters in the 1980s?
Are any animals nocturnal?
Is cows' milk bad for cats?
Do electronics have a startup cost?
Have the NSA spying programs stopped any terrorist attacks?
Is dietary cholesterol related to blood serum cholesterol?
Is using cruise-control dangerous in the rain?
Does Masaru Emoto's experiment show human consciousness affects the aesthetics of water crystals?
What health impacts, if any, does consuming a large number of eggs each day have?
Do international laws require the detention and extradition of suspects?
Is spelling (orthography) correlated with adult intelligence?
Do the Celestial Seasonings teas contain dangerously high pesticide levels?
Is storing food in opened tin cans dangerous?
Do fire shelters save lives?
Oxygen buildup in the atmosphere
Do longer yellow lights increase traffic hazards?
Is the Greek government rounding up "undesirables" into internment camps?
Will NSA's Utah Data Center be able to handle and process five zettabytes of data?
Will fluoride and chlorine dissipate from tap water left to sit overnight?
Is the Maldekian crop circle a hoax?
Was everything Hitler did in Germany legal?
Is the story of a divine miracle at Mt. Sinai, witnessed by a national audience, unique among cultures or religions?
Did the lead developer of the HPV vaccine come out against it?
Do Europeans have a greater chance of making it into the top 1% of income earners than Americans?
Has European Patent Office granted Monsanto a patent on natural broccoli seeds and florets?
Did Bill Gates tamper with his school's computer system?
Were Christians ever publicly executed for their faith in Ancient Rome?
Is a clean, well painted house more likely to survive a nuclear attack than a dirty, unkempt one?
Is wheat the cause of numerous, serious health problems?
Did Texas ban tampons and diabetes supplies from the Senate Chamber while allowing guns?
Did a Florida woman get 20 years jail for firing warning shots in the air?
Was an air hostess electrocuted by her iPhone 5
Do US senators and congressmen make abnormally high returns on their stock market investments?
Is the "Necronomicon" book historically real?
Do cows lie down before rain or thunderstorms?
Were snakes an ancient symbol of wisdom, fertility, and immortality?
Does United States throw wheat in the ocean to keep the prices high?
Does eel help relieve symptoms of summer fatigue?
Does being rich increase unethical behavior?
Was the NAACP slow in acting for the rights of Sherman Ware?
Was Roscoe Filburn ordered to destroy his crops?
Does putting salt into a wound make the wound worse?
Do fingers in water get wrinkled due to a nervous system response?
Can people castrate reindeer by biting off the testicles?
Did audiences throw tomatoes at performers they disliked?
Was an argument over how many telegraph poles Germany needed to deliver cause to WW2?
Was there a downturn in the South African economy after the end of apartheid?
Do men with no prior exposure to child pornography go on to harm children once exposed?
Did Monsanto buy and/or hire Xe/Blackwater/Academi?
Can mobile phones be tracked when they're switched off?
Life expectancy of girls born after 1970
Are 42% of human deaths worldwide from abortion?
Is it possible to generate all photos ever taken by random sequencing of bits?
Has it only been about two hundred years since women gained access to literacy?
Is golden ratio the most aesthetically pleasing ratio?
Did a radio DJ lock himself in the studio and play the same song on repeat?
Can a combination of wind and ice move a 700 lb (300 kg) rock?
Why can't Japan have a navy?
Evidence that girls/women feel pain greater than boys/men?
How much traces lasting a million years would human civilization leave after perishing?
Is "cracking your neck" harmful?
Is Eşref Armağan an eyeless painter?
Has the Quran (the recitation) been preserved since Muhammad?
Was Kurt Cobain listening to R.E.M.'s Everybody Hurts when he killed himself?
Do peer-reviewed scientific journals reject articles that propose intelligent design, regardless of merit?
Did the Soviet Union ban microwave ovens in 1976?
What is Jacob Barnett predicted to win the Nobel prize for?
Can some simple, old models of the effect of CO₂ predict temperature better than complex modern climate simulations?
Is xenoglossy a scientifically verified phenomenon?
Can coconut oil work as a natural sunscreen?
Any science behind folk remedies for mosquito bites?
Is it safer for bicyclists to be allowed to roll through stop signs?
Are many US Army Rangers young people with no combat experience?
Does green cause less eye-strain?
Is this "Ghost Detector App" photographing paranormal phenomena?
Do out of sync propellors make passengers more likely to be airsick?
Did a US court rule that the MMR vaccine causes autism?
Did a 19 year old Egyptian student invent a new space propulsion system?
Is Japanese technological innovation less ground-breaking than Western technological innovation?
Do Ashkenazi Jews have the highest IQ in the world?
Can an air-bubble in a syringe kill the patient?
Does the increase of automation lead to unemployment?
Is there is a significant association between (whole) milk consumption and cancer
Does the color red have measurable psychological effects?
Do professional software developers write an average of 10 lines of code per day?
What is the largest amount of protein the body can absorb in a single meal?
Are oil supplies virtually endless?
Did this study on British pupil intelligence include all ethnic groups?
Does "Obamacare" require the disclosure of medical records to the government?
Does eating raw garlic prevent lung cancer?
Did an 'angel priest' pray for a Missouri woman trapped in a car crash?
Does lemon juice help remove warts?
Do all Wikipedia articles lead to Philosophy?
Are SWATs in the US mostly used for serving marijuana warrants?
Could phone and electronics batteries be recharged by a lightning strike?
Do spiders intentionally wear water droplets on their heads?
Do forests increase atmosphere's oxygen?
Does conventional medicine only treat the symptoms?
Were the Japanese suing for peace prior to the bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Airplane software crash caused by zero/negative altitude at Dead Sea
Did the victim of neo-Nazi violence as reported in Pink News die?
Would Elon Musk's Hyperloop be cheaper than high speed rail?
Did an Indian baby spontaneously combust 4 times?
Is Soylent a nutritionally complete shake?
Is yogurt affected by human emotions?
Do "Toilet Magnets" help prevent staining due to hard water build-up?
Can mobile apps monitor your sleep cycles?
Is coconut oil better for your heart than typical vegetable oils?
Are badminton shuttlecocks made using feathers from only the left wing of a duck or goose?
Can a US veteran who died after their discharge from the service be buried in full military honors?
Does the phase of the Moon affect human sleep patterns?
Is Gasification of Garbage a Viable Energy Solution?
Did Steve Jobs steal the die for the Apple II case from a vendor?
Do fish oil or omega-3 fatty acids increase the risk of cancer?
Replace toothbrush every 3 to 4 months
Does ultrasound reduce joint inflammation?
Does marijuana impair driving?
Did someone die in a dutch oven?
Does Germany want their gold back?
Do lemons help cure cancer?
Is vinegar an effective treatment for arthritis?
Does Montessori daycare lead to higher educational achievement?
Can the UK fire its nuclear weapons without US agreement?
Has New York City's Stop and Frisk program resulted in a reduction in crime?
Can you "reset" your taste buds?
Fan death in Korean and outside Korean
Have there been 28 years of "above average temperatures"?
Did UK Met Office claim in 2012 that global warming stopped 16 years ago?
Does HONDA have a model called CBR 660RR?
Does chain mail protect against arrows?
Was "Gangadhar Nehru" a pseudonym, which he adopted after 1857?
Are suicide attempts via wrist cutting likely fatal?
Are liquid Thorium reactors safe?
Do sharks die if they stop swimming?
Does eating soy affect men's virility?
Does Emacs cause "Emacs pinky"?
Do we judge people consistently based on what they eat?
Did any aspect of the Affordable Care Act take effect March 23, 2010?
are defaced coins considered legal tender?
Can Broccoli stop or slow Osteoarthritis?
Did Biden ever threaten to impeach any president who went to war without congressional approval?
Has the congress opted out of Obama care?
Can you knock someone out with pressure points, in the style of a Vulcan nerve pinch?
Are specific scents sexually attractive to women or men?
Did production of "The Adventures of Milo and Otis" involve a dramatically high rate of animal deaths?
Did von Braun say "The rocket worked perfectly except for landing on the wrong planet"?
Is there a text string that crashes iPhones?
Do household air purifiers prevent illness?
Can high doses of niacin (B3) effectively treat psychosis?
Can a clinically dead person be revived several hours later if the body was cooled?
Can smoking marijuana reduce the risk of cancer in cigarette smokers?
Does human survival depend on bees?
Does MTX treat Psoriatic arthritis?
Does a Geyser Blanket save electricity?
Is Australian fauna more dangerous?
Is margarine healthier for you than butter?
Does the US spend 10 billions per year to crack encryption algorithms?
Are chickens fed arsenic?
Do LED lights of any colour damage your eyes?
Can people detect "heart waves"?
Did 9/11 lead to many deaths due to car accidents "dwarfing" the attacks themselves?
Is the cost of preventing climate change 50 times higher than the cost of adapting to it?
Do nettle stings help reduce joint pain?
Did this building cause carpet to burn and cars to melt?
Does Nestlé contribute to infant mortality in developing countries?
Is there any reason to tear basil instead of cutting it with a knife?
Does chlorine in water harm soil bacteria?
Is there a high ecological impact from buying a new car?
Does being abused make someone more likely to be an abuser?
Can cardiac rhythms be used to uniquely identify a person?
Are there scientific studies of remote-viewing with negative results?
Can the amount of tryptophan one might consume in a turkey dinner cause drowsiness?
Is buying organic vs. conventional products better for the environment?
Was the "Worst Twerk Fail EVER - Girl Catches Fire!" video staged?
Does blowing your nose and clearing lungs help you get better?
Does it take 20000 L of water to produce 1 kg of cotton and 130 L to produce 1 cup of coffee?
What significance levels are usually required to accept a phenomenon as real?
Was Wendi Deng, Rupert Murdoch's ex-wife, a spy?
Are green potatoes unhealthy to eat?
Does Fenugreek increase breastmilk?
Does this graph show climate-change predictions don't meet observations?
Are our minds quantum entangled with people we are (emotionally) close to?
Does a Rotational Field QMR-Cytotron cure arthritis?
Does KFC serve chicken?
Can a sandpaper-thick layer of ice reduce lift by 30 percent and increase drag up to 40 percent?
Did Diana Nyad swim from Cuba to Florida?
Does Fenugreek help in breast enlargement?
During EAA Airventure Oshkosh, is Wittman Regional Airport the "world's busiest"?
Did one Avro Arrow (CF-105) avoid being scrapped?
Was a German WWI soldier made into a hat rack by a furious Scottish Lord?
Did the Arctic Ice Sheet grow by 60% from 2012 to 2013?
Could Shanti Devi remember a past life?
Does reversing a clip of Obama saying "Yes We Can" become "Thank you, Satan"?
Does parsley help in cleansing the kidneys?
Is Intra Juice as described?
Do monkeys love bananas?
Has backmasking any significant effect as subliminal stimulus?
Have remote viewing tests shown a positive effect, 5-15% above chance?
Do cats and dogs only see in grayscale?
Did the Miracle of Lanciano turn bread and wine into flesh and blood?
Are narcotics too dangerous?
Does canned beer taste better than bottled beer?
How long does it take for renewable technology to recoup its energy cost?
Did Pascal write: "Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction"?
Importance of teacher diversity in closing the achievement gap?
Are Generation Y yuppies unhappy?
Were two ballistic missiles fired from Spain towards Syria?
Is it possible for Armavir to see ballistic missile over Mediterranean (how high was it)?
Were the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany de facto allies in September 1939?
Did Gandhi express admiration for Hitler early in WW2?
Did the Germans invent Radar first?
Is 70% of your immune system "located" in your gut?
Is this a true demonstration of using a stove to power a paper airplane?
Was George Bernard Shaw a Nazi/Hitler sympathizer?
Did an elite Kenyan athlete help an armless runner drink, losing $10,000 prizemoney as a result?
Are teacher salaries lower in high-need (low-income) school districts?
Do Macaque monkeys steal money from wallets and use it to buy food from vending machines?
Is Polish the hardest language to learn?
Has David Martines found a picture of a space-station on Mars?
Are E-Cigarettes as unhealthy as conventional cigarettes?
Did Harbhajan Singh Yogi say "... to learn something - read about it ..."?
Did British officers in Egypt use Indian soldiers to translate all radio messages into Hindustani?
Are GMO crops to blame for farmer suicides in India?
Are dental X-Rays safe?
Did Konstantin Korotkov take a photograph of the life force leaving a dead body?
Is the US government preparing to remove religiosity in the population with a virus, using vaccines as a vector?
Are there back doors in Lenovo-built PCs?
Is there any other skyscraper that was destroyed totally just by fire except the three World Trade Center towers?
Did Mt. Etna cause Sicilian clocks to run fast?
Did/do women select for protectiveness in their mates?
Was most of western yoga invented in twentieth century?
Did Thomas Edison say "If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves"?
Is sleeping on your left side bad for your heart?
Does microwaved water kill plants?
How much has Magnetic North shifted in the last few years and would this affect aeronautics?
Can smoking marijuana from a young age cause emotional immaturity?
Does the video Experiments in the Revival of Organisms depict genuine results?
Was the molten salt reactor (MSR) at Oak Ridge shut down over weekends?
Did USA send Federal Reserve System officers to Iran to print cash for Iranian oil
Will elephant dung paper infused with flower seeds grow when planted?
Have US deficits been cut in half since Obama came into office?
Did Darwin self-identify as theist?
Does the carrot on a stick method work on a mule?
Do elephants "trunk" themselves (masturbate)?
Does a screensaver save the computer display screen?
Are we getting smarter?
Do 15% of elite college students in the US not meet the admission requirements?
Did the IPCC obfuscate the evidence in a way that obscures the discrepancy between previous climate models and recent observations?
Does language acquisition become more difficult after a "critical period" linked to age?
Do (or did) post offices in Singapore have a policy of attending to men with long hair last?
Did Taro Aso say that Japan should emulate the Nazis in amending the constitution?
Is it possible to grow a nose on a human forehead?
Does smoking cannabis kill 30,000 people per year?
Is consuming drinking water stored in PET bottles harmful
Does working at a standing desk consume more calories than sitting?
Was Columbus involved in sexual slavery?
Do students on paediatrics rotations get sick a lot?
Are EEG recordings required to declare brain death?
Did Ancel Keys disregard reliable data that did not fit his conclusion that saturated fat was a leading contributor to heart disease?
Is comet ISON going to kill us?
Did Nobel Peace Prize winner, Martti Ahtisaari, threaten to bomb Belgrade and kill half a million people?
Is "Fukuppy" a mascot of the Fukushima nuclear accident?
Did Columbus order atrocities against the Lucayan people?
Has Reidar Finsrud created a perpetual motion machine?
Do radiation hotspots occur "naturally"?
Do US congressman spend most of their time fundraising?
Is necrophilia legal in California?
Did Christopher Columbus ever make this statement?
Does a full grown oak tree expel 7 tons of water from its leaves in a day?
Is there a link between hair color and the number of hair follicles?
Do modern toothbrush features remove more plaque than regular toothbrushes?
Did Malala Yousafzai ever say "socialism is the only answer"?
Did Roosevelt's New Deal Program Prolong the Great Depression?
Do lithium ion batteries double effective performance every 18 month similar to Moore's law?
Is Herbalife safe, and can it actually promote sustained weight loss?
Do falling bombs make whistling sounds?
Do situps and crunches cause lower-back pain?
Is gratuitous farm animal abuse condoned by the USDA?
Is there a correlation between the quality of alcoholic beverages and the likeliness of a hangover?
Is climate change currently good for the world economy?
Does the extent of illiteracy in children correlate with future criminality?
Did Einstein say "Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe."
Do management consulting firms add more value to their clients than the fees they charge?
Has the cost of wireless services in Canada fallen nearly 20% during 2008-2013?
Does raw cows' milk contain lactase?
Does fructose release a high number of oxygen radicals and damage cells?
Does a waning moon have a positive influence on recovery after surgery?
Do people with more moles live longer?
Do scientists use monosodium-glutamate (MSG) to fatten lab mice/rats?
Can you punch someone's nose into their brain?
Was John Wilkes Booth killed in the Garrett barn?
Do US preschools ban lunches being brought to school?
Does The LEGO Group produce more tires than any other tire manufacturer?
Are aluminum antiperspirants unhealthy?
Is aluminum in pans, soda cans and antiperspirants correlated to Alzheimer's?
Is Champix safe?
Is this guitar player capable of playing as fast as depicted?
Is US ahead or behind of EU in terms of broadband Internet access?
Is plutonium the most toxic substance known to man?
Is scientific racism a pseudoscience?
Did Ralph Nader say that a pound of plutonium could cause 8 billion cancers?
Flu vaccination opponent attempts to assess effectiveness rather than efficacy
Do restaurants in China recycle 'gutter oil'?
Did Henry Ford predict revolution if people understood the banking and monetary system?
Is this "facial expression reading" test scientifically reliable?
Do 50% of prostitutes have HIV?
Are these "necropants" trousers made from human skin?
Was the official language of the Union of India selected by a single tie-breaker vote?
Is duelling legal in Uruguay if both participants are registered blood donors?
Does the phase-out of incandescent light bulbs measurably reduce overall electrical power consumption?
Are these "mystical caves" in China antique, or modern?
Does marriage between first cousins double the risk of birth defects?
Does filtering cheap vodka improve taste?
Does the practice known as MBP cause HSV-1 in infants?
Do fluorescent lights use more power to turn on?
Was Einstein's riddle (the zebra puzzle) created by Albert Einstein?
Has any person ever died from a tarantula bite?
Do vitamin D supplements help against winter depression?
Does Roundup harm mammals?
Is this tealight-flowerpot heater more efficient than just tealights?
Did Obama give $195 million to Syria for the Muslim holiday Eid al-Ftr?
Are there enough unused houses in America for each homeless person to have six?
Were "comfort women" well-paid?
Do memory foam mattresses cause inflammation?
Was Typhoon Haiyan influenced by man-made microwaves?
Does healthcare.gov contain 500 million lines of code?
Do bodybuilders achieve 2-4% bodyfat percentage during competition?
Does England devote as much land to Golf as housing?
Do Asian (esp. Japanese) people have longer intestines than people of European descent?
When and how does the consumption of fluoride cause health problems?
Was 31.5% of Medicare payments in 2006 the result of fraud?
Did Jean-Claude Van Damme do a suspended split between two trucks?
Did the EU threaten to sue in connection with "Comic Sans" having an eye on the Euro symbol?
Can yoga or stretching aid in cleansing organs?
Do photovoltaic solar panels need replacement after 20 years?
Is helium being "wasted" on party balloons?
Can scaring a person cure hiccups?
Has climate change measurably increased the likelihood of tropical storms such as Haiyan?
Are all the atoms in our bodies replaced on a regular basis?
Trolling and young people
Are fairness creams effective?
Does eating vegetarian kill more animals than eating meat?
Is Beckham's Pepsi beach commercial real?
How fair is "N% lower environment load" claim for lower grammage paper?
Does eating grains cause alzheimer's?
Is umami a real flavor, or a marketing strategy?
Does notetaking that does not involve writting by hand help remeber information?
Did most people self-identify as Bulgarians in first census of Macedonia?
Did the Earth have so little oxygen that dinosaurs couldn't exist?
Did a group of U.S. women propose to send black kids instead of dogs to space?
Has income tax been found unconstitutional by a court?
Is reaction time correlated with intelligence?
Does storing ground coffee in the fridge preserve its flavor better?
Does natural selection have less impact on modern humans?
Is 90% of the large fish biomass gone, when compared to pre-industrial levels?
Has Angola destroyed all its mosques and banned Islam itself?
Was Truman told that the first atom bomb was going to be used on a military target?
Does eating cheese help one to fall asleep or have a sound sleep?
Was Barack Obama nicknamed Barack Oganja?
Is it possible to "swallow" your tongue?
Does drinking warm milk help people fall asleep and if so what is it about it that does?
Is 80% of childs intelligence acquired from mother?
Is there a negative correlation between intelligence and being religious?
Does the alcohol content of drinks make you fat?
Is the Japanese emperor forbidden from eating fugu (puffer fish)?
Why was the tuning standard changed from 432 Hz to 440 Hz?
Has Stack Overflow saved billions of dollars in programmer productivity?
Is this tapeworm diet ad real?
Was the US nuclear missle launch code set to 00000000 for 15 years of the cold war?
Are Vertical key layouts more ergonomic?
Is the Pareto Principle applicable to national alcohol consumption?
Were Roman engineers required to stand beneath their bridges as they were tested?
Do long-haired men have better intuition?
Does auto-suggestion work?
Could some pacific fish (export, or migratory) be dangerous for those at-risk of certain cancers?
Does the DVORAK keyboard layout reduce the risk of Carpal Tunnel Syndrome?
Have Iceland's police only ever shot one person dead?
Can eating too much fibre cause Hemorrhoidal disease (or piles)?
Is transcranial Direct Current Stimulation beneficial for a healthy human brain?
Can you get ink poisoning from drawing or writing on your skin with pen?
Is homosexuality primarily genetic?
Is paying your bill online more environmentally friendly than post?
Did the Paul Walker crash happen at ~45 mph speed?
Can "Current Mohan" conduct high levels of electrical current through his body?
Was Nelson Mandela a killer?
Do Monsanto GM foods cause gluten-related illnesses?
Is it harmful to eat microwave heated food on daily basis?
Was "bug" used to refer to software bugs before being popularized by Grace Hopper?
Is Halal meat healthier to consume?
Was Paul Walker killed by a US Government drone?
Does chicken meat from the US contain arsenic?
Is there no Nobel Prize for Mathematics because of an act of infidelity?
Do retailers make all of their money for the year in last 45 days?
Did a man jump to his death after too much shopping?
Did the Porsche which Paul Walker was in at the time of death have a different number plate to the one he was last seen in alive?
Did wheat nutrition change in the 1960s, causing health problems?
Did people use to urinate everywhere at fancy balls?
Did the Stuxnet virus attack the International Space Station?
Is it dangerous to vacuum-clean motherboards (and other electronics)?
Did Nelson Mandela die on June 26, 2013?
Do we catch a cold when we get wet in rain?
Do heavy drinkers outlive nondrinkers?
Was Christian Europe the first place to abolish slavery?
Is Jesus Christ's birthday March 28th?
Can "binaural beats" alter your state of consciousness?
Did the Britons start growing crops before 1500 BC?
Do over 80% of day traders lose money?
Can Thamsanqa JantjieIs (from Mandela's funeral) actually act as a sign language interpreter?
Did Muslim immigrants rape over 300 Swedish children in seven months of 2013?
Does snail cream have a positive impact on the skin?
Are frat members more often involved in rape?
Did Uruguay become the first country in the world to legalize the cultivation, sale, and use of cannabis?
Did Nirvana ever do a cover of "I Smell Sex And Candy"?
Can phobias be genetic, but created in one generation and not by natural selection?
Did the Britons stop growing crops in the time between 3300BC & 1500 BC?
Do BT routers secretly connect to a NSA/GHCQ network?
Are there any historical records of Gospel miracles?
Is water that can be set on fire safe to drink?
Was American intelligence caught by surprise by every nuclear test since 1949?
Can teeth cavities be cured through diet?
Can hot-plugging an HDMI cable damage the HDMI port?
Did Michael Jackson sexually abuse children?
Do Crisis Pregnancy Centers lie about the results of pregnancy tests?
Are the innocents in US prison a single digit percentage?
Did any armed forces, or units give pets to their soldiers at the start of their training which they were required to kill at the end of it?
Are Roman numerals used in the end credits of films to mask their age?
Have 50 million Eastern Orthodox Christians been killed in the 20th century?
Did the Palestinian Authority exaggerate their census numbers by 50%?
In the USA, are there more African American men in prison than in college?
Do 'washout periods' in drug studies lead to underestimates of side-effects?
Did violent gun crime rates rise in Australia after the 1996 gun control laws?
Does science fiction inspire significant amounts of people to pursue STEM careers?
Was the Marijuana Tax Act of 1937 passed because of the commercial interests of Dupont?
Does a dog's brain secrete the same substances when it sees its owner as humans do when in love?
Has Britain invaded most countries in the world?
Are electric toothbrushes better than standard ones?
Dragon NaturallySpeaking's accuracy improvement over versions
Does the US army use unlicensed copies of Windows 7?
Is a billion dollar lobbying campaign primarily responsible for opposition to climate policy?
Was French spelling artificially altered for longer words?
Were technologically advanced artifacts found at the Durupinar "ark" site?
Which of these deities were believed to be born on Christmas?
Is active recall testing more effective than passive study?
Can maggots live in your digestive system?
Do longer work weeks result in less productivity for knowledge workers?
Have statins been responsible for a major reduction in cardiovascular disease?
Is practical psychophysics based on science?
Did the Qur'an predict the defeat of the Persians at the Battle of Issus?
Does animal experimentation delay results in medical research?
Does taking more steps lead to better health outcomes?
Do lakes and seaside areas have less snow? Why?
Do US agents intercept and install spyware on new computers ordered by persons of interest?
Is the Newborn Vitamin K Injection Linked to Cancer or Leukemia?
Did Amazon remove copies of 1984 from Kindles?
Are there no courses to teach medics how to handle pharmaceutical marketing?
Is "treatment induced injury" one of the leading causes of death and disability?
Has the Catholic Church lifted more people out of poverty than any other civic institution?
Do medical screenings improve health outcomes?
Is Flexarome effective to relieve aching joints and tense muscles?
Is sulfur a "miracle cure"?
Do magicians in Egypt turn sticks into snakes?
Is Swype faster than typing?
Did a Jewish prisoner write this quote about God and forgiveness?
Has knowledge in mathematics in teenagers decreased through time?
Do the Jewish control a larger proportion of U.S. wealth than their proportion in the population?
Was it illegal to discriminate on the basis of intelligence in the United States?
Was Flight 93 shot down?
What is the best way to sit while having food?
Are green clay cataplasms effective to treat tendinitis?
Does the inclusion of whole population medical screening undermine the benefits of wellness programmes?
Does prohibition make illegal drugs less safe?
Has medical prescribing become dominated by marketing rather than evidence?
Does this video show Fukushima Daiichi radiation in San Francisco?
Can reading a word trigger a trauma flashback?
Are eggs more likely to contain salmonella in the yolk than the white?
Are there three pyramids in Antarctica?
Do sugary drinks make you fat?
Were the Jews the first to believe in monotheism?
Does eating sugar feed yeast in the gut?
Did Nietzsche ever state “The world is beautiful, but has a disease called man”?
Do maximalist shoes reduce injuries?
Are some people born funnier than others?
Does drinking cow's milk make children grow taller?
Do charcoal bags help removing volatile organic compounds (VOCs)?
Did the Nixon administration use anti-drug law against anti-war movement?
Does unanaesthetized circumcision result in neurogenic shock?
Were giant skeletons found in 1936?
Does higher education increase international competitiveness?
Did Khamenei issue a fatwa banning development of nuclear weapons?
Are Lottery Quick Picks independently and uniformly distributed?
Is the US debt between 15 and 20 trillion dollars?
Did Socrates say “The secret of change is..."?
Are sharks immune to almost all known diseases?
Will coffee increase the growth of white hair?
Do intelligent people tend to stay up later?
Can the body never lose fat cells?
Can NSA's portable surveillance radars emit 1kW of RF energy?
Does reading off a self-luminous tablet impact the quality of sleep?
Can this drug make "zombies" out of people in the sense they will do whatever they are told?
Is Sensodyne recommended by "nine out of ten dentists"?
Is cannabis bad for your health, when not smoked, in the long term?
Was 9-11 planned by the US Government?
Can eating sugar result in addiction?
Did Colgate face marketing issues in Argentina because its name meant 'go hang yourself'?
Does taking paternity leave make you live longer?
Does Gripe Water work for fussy babies?
Do plastic single-serve brewed coffee packages leach toxic chemicals?
What was the density of prehistoric Earth atmosphere (dinosaurs buoyancy theory)
Did Adolf Hitler offer to make Dhyan Chand a Field Marshal in the German army?
Can second-hand marijuana smoke cause somebody to fail a drug test?
Did war in the 20th century murder more than "all previous deaths"?
Did tax and inflation consume more wealth in the 20th Century than previously produced?
Does wheat cause coronary heart disease?
Do obese people have lower lifetime healthcare costs?
Are there benefits to holding a child back a year before starting kindergarten?
Has the Canadian government recently dismissed a net of 2,000 scientists?
Is the "Maharishi Effect" real?
Are Americans ignorant of geography and the world?
Are oranges actually green?
Does government spending on healthcare promote economic growth?
Did the ocean freeze suddenly, trapping fish?
Does getting a flu shot every year help prevent cancer?
Did the Pakistan government accidentally cause YouTube to become unusable in 2008?
Does one out of every hundred peanuts produced end up in Peanut M&Ms?
Are there places you can't go in the US without paying tolls?
Did Winston Churchill say we should not cut art funding?
Do headless chickens run around?
Do humans sleep better in darkness?
Can humans "feel" the earth's magnetic field?
Can the events of the Ramayana and Mahabharata be astronomically dated to around 7300 BCE and 5561 BCE respectively?
Is Tegarome effective to treat minor skin injuries such as sun burn, insect stings, scratches?
Is Tai Chi effective to treat tendinitis?
Does the Theradome Laser Helmet deliver around 7 J/cm2 to the head?
Did Charlie Chaplin write this letter to his daughter?
Has olanzapine (Zyprexa) caused 200,000 deaths?
Is it good to drink Coke when sick?
Does baking soda remove stains from your teeth?
Does cooking with extra virgin olive oil cause cancer?
Does grilled meat cause cancer?
Do males commonly use lubricant for masturbation?
Was Leonardo da Vinci a polyphasic sleeper?
Did Einstein talk about creating a new theory being like climbing a mountain?
Does everybody have almost same brain-waves while they're thinking about the same thing?
Have surgical guidelines on the use of beta-blockers killed tens of thousands of people?
Is shaving your pubic hair bad for you?
Are positive ions bad for you?
Can I add around 10 years of wakeful time to my lifespan by practicing polyphasic sleep vs. an average Western lifespan?
Did the original snake oil work?
Will the bytes of data stored in 2020 be greater than the number of grains of sand on the world's beaches?
Must Japan's population pay for any accident caused by nuclear power plants sold abroad by Japanese companies?
Does honey, applied topically, cause your hair to go white?
Do pendulums have any explanatory power?
Does Blue monday exist?
Did India declare dolphins "non-human person" status?
Do stress-protection deodorants work better for stress sweat?
Did CIA plot to overthrow Fidel Castro by staging the Second Coming, making him lose his beard or getting him high on radio?
Is Bach's flower remedy 'rescue' effective?
Do people's IQs change?
Does drinking recommended amounts of alcohol do more harm to children aged 13 to 18 than it does to adults?
Was the radical change in art in the 15th century assisted by technology?
Does the average human take 14 minutes to fall asleep?
Is it better to wake up in between sleep cycles than during one?
Can a raw-food diet allow someone to "switch" from one side of his brain to the other when he gets tired?
Does drinking alcohol dehydrate you?
Is there a connection between the declination of a last meal and whether or not a person’s guilt has been posthumously disputed and challenged?
Is the 500-mile email case true?
Are neanderthal skull fossils just skulls of very elderly humans?
Have global surface temperatures not shown significant warming since the late 1990s?
Has hypnotism been used to enhance memory?
Do 52% of computer users lose irreplaceable documents, photos, music and videos every year?
Is inhaling helium dangerous?
Has this 2006 experiment about the effect of distant intention on water been challenged?
Do cleaning agents in the gym stop the spread of disease?
Is nuclear winter a doomsday scenario like the media depicts it?
Do expensive mattresses give better quality of sleep?
Did Americans leave behind over $1bn in tax refunds in 2012?
Does a start-stop system for a combustion engine pay off?
Are these claims about what reduces abortion correct?
Did cows in Germany blow up their own barn by farting?
Creating realistic latex "face masks" from fotography
Are people thoughts broadcasting on their brain-waves frequency?
Were deserts once oceans/seas?
Did Jeremy Hammond use 60,000 credit cards to give to charity only?
Was the combination of yoghurt and honey called "the food of the gods" in ancient Indian records?
Is the Q-on-the-forehead test a valid method of determining extraversion and ability to lie?
Did January 2014 American snowfall char and burn when exposed to fire?
Do salt lamps produce negative ions?
Is there a letter from Bohr about the 1950 Nobel prize?
Does food on blue plates look tastier?
Does majority-white and majority-republican Owsley county have the highest SNAP usage?
Does a lack of hand-washing by health-care workers cause 100,000 deaths per year in the USA?
Are there no identical human bones found in any pre human fossil records?
Are the origins of Rh- blood unexplained by science?
Did NATO instruct anti-government neo-Nazi groups in Ukraine on conducting diversions and waging guerilla?
Do the types of food affect a calorie restricted diet?
Did Sandahl Bergman lose a finger during the filming of Conan the Barbarian?
Can burning potato peels clean a chimney?
Can wisdom teeth replace 2nd molars?
Did a man survive for 13 months on a boat in the open ocean?
Can the health of an alkaline battery be determined by bouncing it?
Did the British attempt to rename the Taj Mahal?
Do low-income Americans drink more Coca-Cola than their counterparts?
Do Jews mostly descend from Shem, son of Noah?
Does sneezing repeatedly lead to orgasm, or a similar sensation?
Did the Lenski experiments result in additional genetic information?
Will wrapping a bottle in a wet paper towel make it chill faster?
Do ants feed on pure honey?
Are Scotland's oil and gas reserves dwindling?
Does lengthening prison sentences reduce crime rates?
Are the footprints found in Great Britain 800,000 years old?
Can the digit ratio predict personality or behavior?
Is a better work ethic correlated to the level of education?
Do fleas jump lower after being covered by lid? If so, do their offspring adjust to this lower height?
Is there a coffee shop called "Dumb Starbucks"?
Did World War II propaganda posters tell people to "Speak American", rather than languages of the enemy?
Will intranasal application of breast milk treat colds?
Does garlic prevent the spread of colds?
Does the BRAT diet help stop diarrhea?
"Stress is bad for you, unless you don't believe it"
Did deep learning start at Microsoft?
Does any police/emergancy services department in the US/UK/Australia/Canada employ a Psychic Consultant?
Does learning Latin first dramatically improve the ability to learn more languages?
Does speciation occur?
Does Islam lead to higher crime rates?
Did a magnitude 8.2 earthquake hit Jerusalem in 33AD?
Was Hitler a vegetarian?
Will Lego people outnumber people by 2017?
Is this man holding his own heart after getting a transplant?
Einstein: "Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind."
Are 1 in 5 pieces of software in the US unlicensed?
Does Marijuana deposit four times the tar in the lungs as tobacco?
Is pouring liquor from a bottle onto a flambé an explosion risk?
Do penile traction devices work to straighten curved penises?
Are gem-quality diamonds common?
Can people run on water?
Is the Deep Web is orders of magnitude larger than the surface web?
Is Switzerland vulnerable to aerial threats outside office hours?
In Canada, are Safeway and Thrifty Foods owned by the same company?
Do vitamins improve memory abilities?
Is speaking in tongues real?
Does breathing through one nostril affect the nervous system?
Can the UltimEyes app improve distance vision?
Can reflexology diagnose and cure disease?
Does size 12 Times New Roman font receive better grades in school?
Do tinfoil hats protect against any sort of radiation?
Has a company fired its employees by deactivating their access badges?
Has lead poisoning in kids in St. Louis (Mo.) decreased since 2001?
Does white noise improve sleep quality?
Does red meat increase the risk of heart disease?
Would an MRI of a shoulder cause hot sensation in left chest, left breast has a titanium marker
Did a new study prove that relaxing gun control increases murder rates?
Is there such a thing as the "Babushka Bomb" (i.e. Eastern European women age quickly in appearance)?
Do Japan's teachers need to bow to the Emperor?
Is the US economic downturn slowing scientific research?
In Milgram's studies (1963) were the volunteers alright after?
Was the Taj Mahal originally called Tej-o-Mahal?
Is whole-grain bread healthier than white bread?
Does Artemisia annua kill 98% of cancer cells in 16 hours?
Is Moore's law just a special case of an experience curve?
Does driving affect women's ovaries, pushes their pelvis upwards and cause clinical problems in their children?
Will a warming climate cause more crime?
Is the etymology of quack from quicksilver?
If American churches paid taxes, how much revenue would that generate?
Are pets as bad for environment as cars?
Can pregnancy tests check for testicular cancer in men?
Did Lyndon Johnson have an amphibious car?
Is 'Higgs Boson' called the 'God Particle' because of a book by Leon Lederman?
Does Alabama or Arkansas have (unenforced) laws permitting men to beat wives up to once per month?
Is the popular (Western) depiction of Jesus based off of Cesare Borgia?
Do hieroglyphs in Egypt depict aircraft?
Was there an unsuccessful raid by a SWAT team on the CyberBunker?
Did Einstein write a brilliant discovery with coal?
Is it bad to wash your face with regular soap?
Is the peel of commercially-grown apples toxic with pesticides?
Does an alkaline diet help to prevent kidney stones?
Were birds used for communication historically?
Did Soviet miners drill a hole to Hell?
Does the Thompson maneuver decrease sacroiliac pain?
Can WiFi waves cause headaches?
Does US law leave walk-shoveling homeowners open to lawsuit more than those who don't shovel at all?
Did the NSA pay RSA $10 million to make Dual_EC_DRBG the default in BSafe?
Did René Descartes say “People would get rid of half of their problems if they could agree on the meaning of words”?
Is the "Back to the future" Huvr board real?
Does a mobile plugged in to the charger produce more EM radiation?
Does a high protein diet increase your risk for cancer?
Did planes crash into the WTC on 9-11?
Do "License Plate Blockers" work?
Do directional tread patterns on tires reduce hydroplaning?
Are there any underground cities in the United States?
Have more people been killed by automobiles than by all wars combined?
Was Andy Garcia born with a Conjoined Twin?
Is the Satoshi Nakamoto outed by Newsweek the creator of Bitcoin?
Is the new "Livr" social network a hoax?
Has Phil Karlton ever said "There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things"?
Is it possible to survive a plane crash on water?
Are approximately 95% of the Mayan ruins of Palenque still buried and unexplored?
Does regularly playing music to cows increase their appetite?
Is it good (for your health) to shower/bathe daily?
Did the plane that crashed into the first World Trade Center fire a missile towards the tower before it crashed into it?
Were terror attacks proposed to gain political support for a war against Cuba?
Did the Zohar predict 9/11?
Has Realview Imaging created a 3D holography device?
Does an average criminal with a gun hit a running human target only with 4% probability?
Is it harmful to exercise when on antibiotics?
Did Nizari Ismailis assassins commit murders under the influence of hashish?
Do we need to fast before thyroid testing?
Is cash value or whole life insurance a bad investment?
Is "Laying Low for Awhile" an Effective Tactic in Avoiding Felony Questioning?
Does lowering speed limits by 10 km/h have any impact on air pollution?
Does the establishment of a legal upper speed limit on highways lead to a reduction in traffic deaths and accidents?
Does blowing on food cause stomach cancer?
Do 95 percent of the world's ATMs use Windows XP?
Have there been any fatalities caused by octopi?
Does Habitat for Humanity hire professional "cleanup crews" to fix poor construction work done by volunteers?
Did St. Patrick rid Ireland of druids and other pagans?
Can the Xbox Kinect sensor accurately assess your heart rate across the room?
Are "ectomorph", "mesomorph" and "endomorph" valid and useful descriptors?
Have chronic conditions such as heart disease, prostate cancer, infertility ever been linked to everyday exposures to chemicals in food?
Do ionizers in air conditioners promote cardiopulmonary health?
As seen in movies, is it medically sound to treat a bruise with raw meat?
Is it possible to (reliably) diagnose malaria with a noninvasive device/smartphone app?
Are American media controlled mostly by Jews?
Do water molecules change when you talk to them?
Are these curses real?
Can looking at pictures tell you something about your personality?
Do M-Discs last for 1000 Years?
Does the means of slaughter affect meat quality?
Was pepper once worth its weight in gold?
Do cellphone towers cause health issues?
What do we know about red mercury?
Is optometry a pseudoscience?
Does running, short or long distance, cause muscle loss?
Does regular self-induced vomiting provide any health benefit?
Is anti-glare 'computer' glasses effective at relieving eye-strain?
Was Shakuntala Devi able to perform complex computations far faster than the best living human calculators?
Is refusing to decrypt data for the police illegal in England and Wales?
Did JPMC CEO author the circulated letter to 25 y.o. golddigger?
Does the lifespan of laptop depend significantly on its usage?
Can a plastic tent keep contaminants out and emulate a safe clean room?
What is the five-year failure rate for condom-usage?
Amongst the 60% of the population that have different size feet, is the left foot 80% of the time the larger foot?
Is there a conspiracy to prevent testing of the actual caffeine content of energy drinks in the United States?
Would an EMP in the US Cause all of our active Nuclear Power Plants to melt down and explode?
Were younger people more likely to support Vietnam war than people older than 50 years old in the 60s?
Is Shaolin monk Hu Qiong using "Chi energy" to withstand an electric drill?
Are swastikas commonplace in Japan?
Do water bottles on sidewalk/corners prevent dogs/cats from peeing?
Is the flavor of artificial banana flavoring based on the "Gros Michel" banana?
Metal objects through X Ray (cabinet scanners) daily
Is waiting until 6 months to introduce solids to babies better?
Is cancer linked to having an acidic body?
How many people have lost their health insurance as a result of the ACA (Obamacare)?
Do those hearing for the first time via cochlear implants understand speech immediately?
Do pain killers "target" pain?
Do cyclones or hurricanes form near the equator?
Is ocean acidification happening?
Did Pangaea exist?
If the viewable part of lightning goes from the ground up, why does it look like lightning goes from the sky down?
Does NASA use whale oil in the Hubble Telescope?
Did an MH370 passenger text a claim of hijacking?
Do races/ethnicities have different odors?
Did a soldier fight off 40 train robbers?
Did such a medical device ever exist that blew air into the anus?
Terabytes of data generated by Boeing Jet every hour
Did the wild Parakeets of Austin originate as housepets?
Do poor children hear 30 million fewer words by age 3?
Is mentally practicing a skill more effective than physically practicing?
Is food in Alberta, Canada contaminated with radioactivity?
Can the GoBe devices measure your caloric intake?
Are the tigers at Tiger Kingdom in Phuket drugged?
Did most of the American riflemen in combat during World War II avoid firing at the enemy?
Are actuarial life expectancy tables based on information that is 40 years out of date?
Is using "sleep mode" wasteful and harmful to a computer?
Is it possible to have a split personality like those seen in the movies?
Has anybody flown to Diego Garcia to look for MH370?
Is Fukushima Dai-ichi responsible for earless bunnies?
Is the inside of a field cucumber 20 degrees Fahrenheit cooler than its surroundings?
Does the US government have secret research projects?
Is an imminent volcanic eruption the most plausible explanation for the Yellowstone animal exodus?
Are animals fleeing Yellowstone park?
Is life expectancy of an Amish person same as average in US?
Was Mao's Great Leap Forward responsible for 30 million deaths?
Does carrageenan cause gastrointestinal inflammation and higher rates of intestinal lesions, ulcerations, and even malignant tumors in humans?
Was sucralose accidentally discovered in the course of insectide research?
Is sugar one element away from cocaine or any other drug?
Did the US ban the Volkswagen XL1 for being too fuel efficient?
Are birds magnetically repelled from high-voltage power lines?
Do vitamin supplements have any health benefits?
Does GPS use General Relativity?
Can a car run on water? As per this experiment
Do functional programming languages offer significant advantages?
Is tax wedge 80%-90% in most of western Europe vs 50% in US?
Do US food stamp recipients outnumber women who work full-time?
Are incarcerated pedophiles protected by special laws in federal prison in the US?
Do car theft victims have to pay around 1,000 USD to have their cars returned in the US?
Did the Ourang Medan "ghost ship" exist?
Do they grind up chicks for breakfast omelets?
How effective is electroshock therapy?
Low level laser therapy for pain
Does potassium deficiency cause cramps?
Does McDonald's use worm meat filler in their "100% beef"?
Will only 10% of the New Zealand population be religious by 2050?
Can vegetable oils, extracted from seeds, be shown to cause health problems?
Did Gandhi trump Professor Peters in a number of interactions?
is fracking inherently more contaminating than extracting or transporting crude oil, coal and non-fracking natural gas?
Is Easter named after the Canaanite goddess Ishtar?
Does standing as opposed to sitting or lying improve brain activity?
Did Todd Standing video a sasquatch?
Is this video of the Soviet Dog Revival Experiment real?
Are these gigantic stones in Russia from a technologically advanced ancient civilization?
Are Mars One sending people on one-way missions to mars, starting in 2024?
Was the Education of Little Tree written by an ex-Klansman?
Does forcing a young child to smoke a cigarette discourage longer term use?
Are the latest estimates of the cost of climate policy five time higher than the projected benefits?
Has the Holocaust been exaggerated?
Were thousands of people executed by "Breaking On the Wheel" for copying fabrics in pre-revolution France?
Are the majority of EU member-states' local laws made in Brussels?
Do smoke alarms save lives?
Are the USHS and/or PETA secretly against all pets?
Are discussions about suicide themselves suicide triggers?
Are there US military bases where only singles can work?
Can a blow to the head make a person learn something or given them a higher aptitude for learning something?
Does eating yeast stop you from getting drunk?
Can you get sufficient protein from a vegan diet?
Does saying "off the record" allow lawyers to make admissions without legal ramifications?
Does eye exercises help improve your eyesight?
Does intermittent opioid abuse have a long-term negative effect on health?
Is a car's fuel consumption increased when the headlights are on?
Have textile workers created such finely detailed textiles that they have gone blind?
Does limewater cure cancer?
Did a Hungarian bus driver scare his passengers with these pranks?
Was every programmer at Microsoft given a copy of Code Complete?
Is the novel "Sleepers" a true account?
Did Neil Armstrong find aliens on the moon?
Did Churchill have a hand in the sinking of the Lusitania?
Is this Indian Man, Mûrasi, 179 years old?
Does stress make you age faster, biologically?
Do cats like keeping warm on car tyres in winter?
Does eating food which was exposed to *ionizing* EM radiation pose a health risk?
Has anthropogenic climate change been disproven?
Did Christians burn the Great Library of Alexandria?
Does fish oil “fail”?
Are people dying of starvation because we cannot produce enough food?
Are 1 in 5 college women raped?
Did the vast majority of animals escape 2004 December Asian tsunami?
Did Frane Selak survive a fall from a plane?
Can a gun be silenced like in the movies?
Does paper beat rock in RPS due an ancient Chinese tradition that draping paper over rock mean rejecting a request?
Did Benjamin Franklin almost cause a war between England and France over a hoax letter to a London newspaper?
Did Japanese people eat pickled fish eyes?
Do ancient Hindu texts predict the future expansion of the Sun?
Were two brothers killed on the same moped by the same taxi driver, exactly a year apart?
Could meteors have been been formed with lead, and mislead radiometric dating?
Can bentonite clay remove radiation from the human body?
Were there 1 million fraudulent votes in the 2012 US election?
Does Aloe Vera cure diseases?
Do foods rich in Estrogen increase breast size?
Sharing tool claims files can be "unshared"
Does fetal tobacco smoke exposure cause permanent harm?
Does the time for evolution make sense?
Is cryolipolisis effective as a fat reduction method?
Is BodyTite effective at tightening the skin during liposuction?
Do Japanese fishermen put sharks in their tanks to keep fish fresh?
Does cutting or shaving the hair of infants cause better hair regrowth?
Can you deduce the quality of watermelons by tapping on them?
Can hemostatics like QuikClot and Celox get into blood stream and cause embolic clots?
What is the mainstream position of biologists and anthropologists on the issue of human race?
Is humanity becoming more genetically homogenous?
Does ginger help against the common cold?
Is everything staged on Discovery channel?
Does the Australian government spend more on welfare than on defense?
Are tears structurally or chemically different depending on the reason for crying?
Is carbon dioxide from a mosquito trap potent enough to attract mosquitoes?
How correct are some dramatized documentaries about proto-humans?
Does toothpaste get rid of cold sores?
Does using a matched pair of memory sticks provide any benefit?
Did Chuck Norris participate in Czech T-Mobile adverts?
Are there lots worldwide filled with thousands of unsold new cars left to ruin?
Is the risk of explosion increased by calling and charging a cell phone at the same time?
Was the Meridian of Antwerp indeed the prime meridian of Mercator's Theatrum Orbis Terrarum?
Can "Continuous Passive Movement" help cartilage healing?
Do cigarettes emit three times as much particulates as an idling diesel engine?
Is a fistula through a torso possible?
Are 75% of cells in the human body non-human?
Does a carbon fiber seat help karting performance and protect ribs?
Did a man buy a house to show a middle finger sculpture to his ex-wife?
Is it possible for dogs to have a vegetarian diet?
Do onions become toxic or otherwise dangerous within a day of a being cut open?
Did the Quran predict the speed of light?
Is this André the Giant's hand holding a can of beer?
Are live monkey brains a traditional cuisine?
Does Roundup (glyphosate) cause kidney disease in farmers?
Did 8 out of 10 millionaires make their fortune in real-estate?
Does taking a bath at night have any bad effects on health?
Who determines portion size in food?
Does this video depict an accurate example of a Common Core math problem?
Is a weaver's knot more secure with both ends on the same side?
Does Triclosan effectively treat skin infections?
Summer Mathematics Workbooks for Elementary and Middle School
Is the idea of solar roadways practical?
Did the Kinki Nippon Tourist Company change its name?
Is weight-loss almost always temporary?
Are snowflakes incapable of four-fold symmetry?
Do full-time working women earn 77 cents for every dollar a man earns?
Is it possible for ingested dsRNA (or other genetic materials) to affect human gene expression?
Are harmful chemicals leached from ordinary Ziploc bags when used for sous vide cooking?
Do onions enhance immune system?
Does garlic enhance immune system?
Does Carbon Dioxide mix well in the atmosphere?
Can X-ray scanners damage mobile SIM cards?
How many people does it take to keep a secret?
Do fenugreek tablets increase stamina and assist in weight loss?
Can cold viruses remain dormant in your bones, and later emerge when you are exposed to cold temperatures?
Will 1 in 4 American children grow up illiterate?
volcanic CO₂ emission estimates increasing
Did Fred Smith, founder of FedEx, gamble on blackjack to keep the company afloat?
Are white people more likely to commit mass murder in the United States?
While driving (or otherwise), do people experience microsleep and are unaware that it happened?
Wearing Steel toe boots will burn more calories than normal shoes
Would a human shield work?
Is the chemical composition of genetically modified crops tested?
Have airlines as a whole been unprofitable over their history?
Are Japanese authorities cracking down on adult themed entertainment in preparation for the 2020 Olympics?
Is domestic violence the leading cause of injury to women between ages of 15 and 44?
Does a dishwasher consume less water than manual dish washing
Is it actually beneficial to reduce water consumption?
Alkaline diet afect cancer?
How responsible was Christianity for the Dark Ages of Western Europe?
Is the mustard seed the smallest of seeds?
Will a bullet be split in half if it hits a butter knife that is fixed in place?
Can Jarzębiak (rowan fruit nalewka) lead to dangerous blood pressure drops?
Can ceramic ball bearings function as lethal projectiles inside a bomb?
Do bananas last 3 to 5 days longer if you wrap plastic around their stem?
Did goldsmiths invent fractional reserve banking?
Are bodily deficiencies "mapped" to facial acne?
Did John Langdon Down say that persons with Down's Syndrome have an evolutionary "reversion"?
Is there a nutritional difference between Grain-Fed and Grass-Fed beef?
Can daily disposable contact lenses be safely re-used?
Did the head of the Joint National Committee on language claim Jesus spoke English?
Can sighted people learn to read braille by touch at a level comparable to blind individuals?
Does Yelp "extort" money from businesses?
Do firstborns have a higher IQ?
Does "learning by teaching" have a 90% retention rate?
Did doctor/journalist Sanjay Gupta perform brain surgery on a wounded soldier in the heat of war?
Did the isolation condensors fail at Fukushima Daiichi? Was human error involved?
Are there criminal Lamborghini gangs in Japan?
Did the appendix evolve independently in marsupial and placental mammals?
Were Alpine glaciers much smaller in Roman times?
Were firearms prohibited in Dodge City, Kansas in the 1870s?
Was this 4th grader's creationist quiz real?
Do mechanical keyboards improve accuracy?
Does getting married prevent violence against women and children?
Were US crime rates significantly lower in 2011 than in 1992?
Do people think from their heart?
Is it hard to make a fire in the wild?
Were there Hungarian speaking Indians in South America?
Earth's distance from the sun affects nuclear medicine
Does neck-strengthening exercise prevent knockouts in boxing?
Does a kneeling chair reduce back pain?
In the USA, is AIDS most prevalent in the gay male population?
Do U.S. police (sheriff) departments earn money with drug busts?
Do Florida woods cockroaches (aka Palmetto bugs) commonly sell for ~US$80/kg in China?
Is gearing down more energy efficient than braking?
Do roaches die (naturally) on their backs?
Have Bobby Fischer, Einstein, Hawking and Kasparov all had their IQs tested?
Does the Quran promote violence?
Does eating high cholesterol foods impact cholesterol blood levels of 30% of population based on Web MD article?
Have giant human skeletons been found?
Experimental proof that eating more causes weight gain via calories in minus calories out = weight gain formula
Someone speak fluent germany after coma
Does garlic improve hair growth in androgenetic alopecia?
Are some software programs "illegal" in Germany?
Does this study show the CDC has covered up an autism/thimerosal link?
Do illegal immigrants in the US get a bus ticket to wherever they have family or friends?
Does high CEO compensation correlate with poor performance?
Does Guillermo Ochoa have six fingers on his right hand?
Is there a pressure point under the nose that can eliminate the urge to sneeze?
Did Winston Churchill say "those who kneel for peace ... get humiliation and war"?
Did JFK say that "you can win with half the people's votes but cannot govern with half against you"?
Did JFK Attempt to eliminate the power of the Federal Reserve Bank to loan money to the US?
Did the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) increase individual market premiums by an average of 49% nationwide?
Are there animals that cannot feel pain?
Can acupuncture increase blood flow to a muscle?
Does talking in another language actually change your personality?
Did Alan Turing have "overwhelming statistical evidence [for ESP], at least for Telepathy"?
Is our moon moving away from earth?
Do financial institutions have a legal obligation to reopen a closed account if money is sent to that account?
Does nuclear deterrence work?
Have multiple intelligence services estimated that 15-25% of the Muslim population are "radical"?
Do plastic bags of water deter flies?
Was the Jenkins Continuous Build Integration server named after Tom Jenkins, Thomas Jefferson's slave master?
Can freezing make water cleaner?
Is the US more tolerant of failure than other cultures?
Is Matt Ridley's assertion that the most extreme of the IPCC climate projections is based on very implausible assumptions correct?
Are excessive selfies a "cry for help" from "sexually abandoned" people?
Do a high number of human deaths in a given location correlate to an increase in reported ghost sitings in later years?
Does eating a low yeast diet help control recurrent candida albicans (vaginal thrush)?
Did Gandhi support homeopathy?
Does unadjusted NASA climate data show no long-term global warming?
Do babies born with lots of hair cause heartburn during pregnancy?
Did fertilising the ocean with 100 tons of iron sulphate increase the salmon catch by over 100,000 tons?
Does the Millennium Challenge Compact require El Salvador to use Monsanto seeds?
Does Beck's chemical analysis of CO₂ discredit the Law Dome ice core findings?
Are powerful entities preventing the development of free or extremely low cost energy sources?
Do pregnant women "glow"?
Are the location of brain-tumours linked to which ear you use a cell-phone with?
Do 3.5 billion people watch Tour de France on TV every year?
Is downloading copyrighted material legal in Switzerland?
Why don't polygamous societies have a bunch of angry single men?
Will the Solar Wind Energy's Downdraft Tower plan produce more energy than it uses?
Does temperature drive CO₂?
Are there signification health risks with long term use of headphones on a cellphone?
Should the foreign object in a deep puncture wound be left in until medical care is available?
Did Richard Nixon commission a study on the effects of THC and then have the results classified?
Does Manuka Honey work as an effective bactericidal agent?
Did life expectancy increase by 6 years during Great Depression?
Do 7 to 12 year olds need 10 to 11 hours of sleep per day?
Are Fairtrade farmers paid worse than other farmers in the same regions?
Is it possible to determine dishonesty in a person through body language?
Do US Military personnel have to observe Ramadan while Gideon volunteers are banned from bases?
Does the Piri Reis map demonstrate the Antarctic coast was ice-free?
Did Facebook permit researchers to alter data feeds without users' permission?
Is using a phone while driving more dangerous than driving while drunk?
Was July 1936 the hottest month on record for mainland USA?
Did CNN fake footage during the Gulf War purporting a live gas attack?
Do young black males have on average higher testosterone than other races?
Does tetrasilver tetroxide cure AIDS?
Do European countries maintain Air Force on high alert?
Could Detoxifying Foot Pads help someone pass a drug test?
Is there a viable design for a thorium car that can run for 100 years without being refueled?
Is it true that Prince Charles can be bypassed in the line of succession?
Can manipulating a lucid dream change the future?
Does the Earth revolve around the sun?
Are Facebook Likes similar to cocaine addiction?
Did radioactive snow from Fukushima fall on the USS Ronald Reagan?
Have scientists successfully cloned a dinosaur?
Did irradiated Chernobyl firefighters re-volunteer to avoid others being affected?
Is medical marijuana prescribed to be smoked?
Does it rain more often on weekends than weekdays?
Does nuclear radiation increase the risk of heart attacks?
Are youths that watch violent X-rated material 6 times more likely to force others sexually?
Does drinking water after eating watermelon cause cholera?
Is it healthy to sunbathe without sunscreen?
Do headers in football (soccer) cause brain damage?
Do infants have fussy periods at well-established periods after birth?
Do lemons act as bases in the body?
Is the 'internet charging' described by the WifiEX Indiegogo campaign possible?
Is it possible to measure ground water level by using coconut?
Is the United States now the largest oil producer?
Is there more global sea ice than 35 years ago?
Does sniffing rosemary improve memory?
Has the climate not warmed in 17 years?
Did the U.S. median unemployment duration drop by the steepest amount for any six month period ever in the first half of 2014?
Can ultrasound be passed over the skin to be heard by the ear?
Did President Obama issue an executive order to delay deportations of children?
Can scorpion venom be used to help to identify cancer cells?
Are these metrics regarding the 2009-2014 recession accurate?
Did both higher temperatures and an ice age exist at CO₂ levels ten times the present?
Does drinking beer help to cure a hangover?
Are your chances for surviving blunt force trauma better when drunk
Do higher CO₂ concentrations increase plant well-being?
Do women have smaller bladders than men?
Are humans the only species to have permanently enlarged breast?
Does China have the death penalty for spammers?
Does North Korea propaganda falsely claim 2014 World Cup participation?
Does the IRS claim that 7 out of 7 specific hard-drives crashed in a single month?
Did Hitler say: "I would have killed all the Jews of the world, but I kept some to show the world why I killed them"?
Are there 24 empty houses "available" per homeless person in the USA?
Alien craft design - Would it work?
Did the Twitter account Fifndhs predict the exact World Cup results ahead of time?
Did Germany build their own training camp in Brazil in preparation for the World Cup?
Are sans serif fonts easier to read than serif fonts?
Is the Craigslist rant saying people stay in restaurants on average a hour longer a hoax?
Did global warming cause temperatures to drop because of polar vortex episodes?
Are men more likely to be LGBT than women?
Do you bleed more when drunk?
Do styrofoam cups cause health issues?
Did a Soviet nail factory produce useless nails to improve metrics?
How did people sleep in the past?
Do RSS satellite samples show no warming since September 1996?
Are medics often incapable of understanding or communicating statistical results to their patients?
Does flushing the gallbladder have any positive effect on one's health?
Do airline pilots decide on flight plan and receive personal bonus for fuel saving?
Does Beijing still see natural sunrises?
Will Lori Robinson command the largest ever theater of operation for a non-pilot?
Did the ballet/orchestral work 'The Rite of Spring' provoke a riot?
Does beetroot cure cancer?
Did Snowden reveal that ISIS is a USA-Israel tactic?
Do animals commit suicide?
Is there a non-ionizing, non-heating mechanism by which cell phones can damage sperm?
Does sleeping naked in a sleeping bag keep you warmer?
Does chocolate have caffeine?
Did Ukraine set up Russia on the MH17 incident?
Is this a way to survive a lightning strike?
Was the video about MH17 done the day before it crashed?
Are Soldiers Overdiagnosed with PTSD in the US Military?
Was MH17 shot down?
Could we buy every homeless person a house with the money spent on the F-35?
Have one million Christians been persecuted to death or exile in Iraq by jihadis?
Is fibromyalgia a discrete clinical entity?
Did the Curiosity Rover take its own hands-free selfie?
Can a commercial flight be mistaken for a fighter jet?
Can we see a single candle X miles away?
Do North Korean men have to cut their hair like Kim Jong Un does?
Is Israel's Air Defense System, Iron Dome, 90% successful?
Is Gallup's Clifton StrengthsFinder able to identify the strengths of an individual?
Was the MH17 video taken in Ukraine-held territory?
Did Jews "take over" 73% of their land from Palestinians?
Did the Free Syrian Army take a (pictured) toddler hostage?
Would humans starve if spiders disappeared?
Does or did Russia support the Donbass People's Militia?
Is Michael Moore worth approximately $50 million?
Are women more attracted to "bad guys"?
Does this video show a sniper shooting a Palestinian?
Is MarsOne a hoax, or are their claims reasonable?
Does the "Nonstop Elevator Hack" work?
Did Nazis use alternatives to Zyklon B?
Did more than 10 million people get health insurance due to the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare)?
Are there enough IPv6 addresses for every atom on the surface of the Earth?
Does the "True Colors Personality Quiz" predict behavior?
Can PTSD be a factor in causing one to plagiarize?
Is federal firefighting the cause for the increase of US forest fires and their severity?
Was an amendment proposed making everyone in favour of a war liable for military service?
Do crabs exemplify "crab mentality" behaviour?
Are these quotes by Malcom X, Albert Einstein, Nelson Mandela and Mahatma Gandhi about the Israeli–Palestinian conflict correct?
Is there a 12% chance that a solar storm does damage to the electrical grid in the next decade?
Why aren't the Jewish settlements legal under International Law, Canon Law, US domestic law, and historic rules for obtaining sovereignty?
Does the intensity of one's sex life influence the probability of getting cancer?
Does the average American unwittingly commit three felonies a day?
Did "Max the Hacker" manipulate autocues and traffic lights?
Does the UK have enough wind to power the country five times over?
Did Gandhi make racist statements about black prisoners?
Does rubbing a bruise help against haematomas?
Did Coca-Cola contain cocaine?
Did Julius Caesar tell his captors to double their ransom demands?
Is prone masturbation detrimental to your sex life?
Do artificial sweeteners trigger insulin releases?
Is it possible to get a suntan while wearing suntan lotion?
Is it safe to stand by the windows during a thunderstorm?
Who fired rockets at Malaysian MH17 flight?
Is this Strelkov?
Has Dean Radin's Love study been independently confirmed by three dozen groups?
Are British plugs safer than all other plugs?
Was a real hologram of Homer Simpson used at Comic Con 2014?
Can lightning bring down a plane?
Has a famine ever taken place in a functioning democracy?
Does delayed umbilical cord-clamping reduce the risk of anaemia?
Determining your ancestry through the shape of your feet?
Does a carpet made from wool have better acoustic properties than a synthetic carpet?
Is this CCTV video about a chair moving by itself in Essex theatre fake?
Is $77/week the weekly budget for a minimum wage worker?
Does organic food have more antioxidants than nonorganic food?
Who fired the rocket that hit al-Shifa Hospital and playground in Gaza on July 28, 2014?
Are 35% of Americans currently in collections?
Is there a way to tell if the sun is rising or setting by looking at a picture and not knowing which coast it was taken at?
Does drinking water at certain times help digestion, prevent high-blood pressure, strokes and heart-attacks?
Have 107 billion people lived?
Did Nintendo own Love Hotels?
Is it true that when a person dies he/she will lose 21 grams?
Was MH17's flight path rerouted?
Is Google Chrome killing my laptop battery?
Can the explosion of a pressure cooker kill you?
Does Ebola pose "little risk to the U.S. general population"?
Does using headphones to listen to music damage hearing
Is beer safe after a nuclear event
Does heavy exercising increase beard growth?
Are atheists more generous than Christians?
Do barking dogs seldom bite?
Stalin's absent-minded signature resulted in Hotel Moskva having two designs?
Do dogs bite more during a full moon?
Was Hermann Göring a transvestite/cross-dresser?
Can emails in draft box avoid detection?
Is a 23andMe customer's genomic data used in 230 studies on average?
Is papillary thyroid cancer benign?
Does eating brewer’s yeast increase hair growth?
Is the UN letter advocating the rule of Ali the fourth caliph authentic?
There isn't "a single case - not one - in which it is clear that a person was executed for a crime he did not commit.”
Did MIT develop software that can recover sounds from video of vibrating objects?
Do terrorist organizations have "sleeper cells"?
Do video games improve reflexes & reaction time?
Did US intelligence community ever claim that Iraq had WMDs prior to 2003 inavsion?
Are Aikido joint locks harmful to children?
Does drinking coffee reduce breast size?
Is the O-type blood used as a universal donor?
Is the total cost of Sovaldi, the $1,000 pill, comparable to conventional long-term treatment?
Has the average Somalian's quality of life improved under anarchy?
Was Aeroflot SU2074 intended target in MH17 shooting?
If I am holding the pins of a plug whilst plugging it in, will I be electrocuted?
Does onion juice increase hair growth?
Is tequila a depressant?
Did SF grocery bag ban cause at least an additional 5.4 deaths a year due to bacteria in reusable grocery bags?
Is ISIS beheading children in Mosul, Iraq?
Was Napoleon right that "there cannot be a great nation without great mathematics"?
Did David Blaine hold his breath for 17 minutes?
Was Elizabeth Báthory a serial killer?
Has the cure to cancer been hidden by pharmaceutical companies?
Did ISIS bury women and children alive?
Did Russian hackers obtain billions of passwords?
Is CPH4 from science fiction movie 'Lucy' real?
Does Charles Shaw wine contain animal blood & feces?
Are Easterbrook's oxygen-isotope paleo-temperature reconstructions credible?
Does orthokeratology cure myopia?
Did US troops drop aid without parachutes?
Does Hunter Biden work for a Ukrainian oil company?
Did a computer algorithm predict the 2014 Ebola outbreak 9 days before WHO?
Has ISIS forced 1500 Yezidis and Christians into sexual slavery?
Did Moshe Feiglin call for concentration camps?
Do societies that are less abstemious have more sensible drinking patterns?
Does stretching help children grow taller?
Did Benjamin Franklin perform an experiment by flying a kite in a lightning storm?
Did a baboon work for a South African railroad?
Did smiling, female Israeli soldiers pose with "We kill Children" placards during Gaza War?
Should I cut off black banana ending before eating?
Did the US create and fund al-Qaeda?
Did Horace say this quote about money?
Did Norman Borlaug save a billion lives?
Does Calendula Gel promote healing of minor burns?
Are regular tea bags effective in treating pink eye?
Is this an authentic photo of a parasite infection on a man's shoulder?
Was an unidentified spaceship recorded by the International Space Station, August 4, 2014?
Did Bin Laden warned his people from ISIS?
Are smartphones, keyboards, and tablets more contaminated with Staphylococcus aureus than a public toilet seat?
Did the IDF inflate the numbers of rocket casualties?
Does unflavoured carbonated water cause damage to teeth?
Can morning sex strengthen your immune system for the day?
Is "Foot Fetish" caused by cross-wiring in the brain?
Do celebrities/famous people get preferential treatment when convicted of crimes?
Does Shh.. sound help kids to urinate?
Is Philip Nitschke the first doctor in the world to administer a legal, voluntary, lethal injection, in 1996?
Are sharks a threat to undersea cables?
Did Giant Humans exist?
Is there as many media staff as protestors in Ferguson?
Is Tonsilotren homeopathic medicine effective for the treatment of pharyngitis?
Do world's multilingual individuals outnumber monolingual ones?
Is viewing extremist material a terrorism offence?
Is it possible to smoke a McDonald's french fry like a cigarette?
Is it illegal to drive with a dirty car in Belarus?
Will there be 50 billion devices connected to the internet by 2020?
Is sleeping with your head pointed north dangerous?
Does raising your arm in the air help when you are coughing/choking on something?
Is Social Security headed for insolvency?
Is Starlite a hoax?
Does green tea help with dental hygiene?
Is the Heimlich maneuver the most appropriate response to choking?
Does the Westboro Baptist Church get most of their funding from lawsuits?
Can a "brain-sensing headband" be used to train to be less stressed?
Does student selection by private schools negatively affect nearby public ones?
Does text highlighting distract from reading comprehension?
Did scientists warn of the possibility of a zombie apocalypse?
Does the shape of a wine glass affect the taste of the consumed wine?
Does habitually performing detailed work in low light cause permanent eye damage?
Do quinoa flakes have the same nutritional profile as whole quinoa?
Did David Attenborough say that Israelis are more cruel than any animal?
Can you determine the type or quality of illicit drugs by tasting them?
Is McDonald's supporting Israel?
Does soya milk decrease testosterone?
Is there any benefit to leaving Animal Planet on when leaving a cat alone?
Was St Peter a bishop of Rome?
Do horse chestnuts deter spiders?
Does contact with metal surfaces reduce the vitamin levels of vegetables?
Is there only one known death caused by a falling elevator?
Are Americans more likely to be monolingual?
Does everyone have a unique set of fingerprints?
Sophocles — "Success is dependent on effort"?
Is this newspaper clipping about Dave Prowse revealing a major Star Wars plot twist two years in advance, genuine?
Should you regularly replace your pillow?
Does topical application of turmeric lighten skin color or make skin fairer?
Do Jet Skis produce in an hour equivalent pollution to 100,000km of a new/small car?
Is Turmeric better than prozac to treat depression?
Did Hitler say "We'll work a hundred years without physics and chemistry"?
Are earth-grounding mats (designed for connecting humans to earth-ground) effective and safe?
Do College Cafeterias Put Laxatives in Their Food?
Is looking at an IR transmitter bad for your eyes?
Do mosquitoes urinate on you when they bite you?
Did Niccolo Machiavelli advocate to fake your own death?
Should we prefer organic lemon and orange peels?
Can you generally learn any skill, noticeably well, with 20 hours practice?
Can a person "suspend their pulse"?
Did Esurance put up a billboard saying "Cover your home in a dick"?
Is Midol more effective than OTC painkillers when used to treat cramping?
Is coffee the #1 source of anti-oxidants in the US diet?
Is Ryder Hesjedal's bike motorized? Is this 'motorised doping'?
Is it very difficult to kill a whale at sea humanely?
Can you buy a gun from a vending machine in Georgia or South Africa?
iOS app listening to my calls, or giant coincidence?
Were fathers arrested while trying to rescue their daughters from rape in Britain at least on two occasions?
Have you shared (one water molecule of) your glass of water with a dinosaur?
Do the mother's genes almost exclusively determine the sons' intelligence?
Did the Lydians invent games?
Does rubbing a rejected coin against the ticket machine make it likelier to be accepted?
Do Sugar-Free Gummy Bears cause gastrointestinal distress?
Are there more than 50,000 people in Japan over 100 years old?
Does a monkey/ape flee from half peeled bananas?
Does fluoride cause the body to absorb extra aluminum?
Are US government agencies' ammo acquisitions unjustifiably large?
Did Napoleon write an elegy to Imam Hussain(a.s)?
Is it possible to cure drunkenness?
Does "Garbage Enzyme cleaner" contain enzymes?
Is it estimated that nearly half of USA jobs be low wage service jobs by 2040?
Does the US rank worse than other developed countries in infant mortality mostly because of differences in the definition of "infant mortality"?
Was there a coordinated action on 9/11 to crash an unarmed F-16 into a hijacked plane?
Where is the science behind "Bamboo Charcoal"?
Do humans, pets and livestock drastically outweigh all other land mammals?
Were the Pollock twins reincarnated?
Does vegetarianism cause any decline in the slaughter of animals in the food industry?
Is it a felony in Montana for a wife to open her husband's mail?
Did Osama Bin Laden immediately deny involvement in the 9/11 attacks?
Did Martin Luther refer to physicians who assume diseases come from natural causes as "ignorant blockheads" (or the German equivalent)?
Are there laboratory tests for mental disorders?
Do trees die of cursing in Solomon Islands?
Is it more environmentally friendly to stir hot drinks with pasta?
Did Colorado replace any 420 mile markers with a 419.99 mile marker to deter theft?
Is Issels Combination Therapy an effective method to treat cancer?
Are there ways to "photoshop" a picture with no trace
How many calories is starving?
Does 0.5% of the world's population make at least $1 million USD per year?
Do women need more sleep than men?
How effective is guarana for cognitive enhancement?
Are wisdom teeth disappearing?
Has Jack the Ripper been identified?
Do higher rates of lithium in groundwater lead to a decreased suicide rate?
Was there an electoral fraud during the referendum for the independance of Scotland?
Does increasing water intake during a diet help with weight loss?
Can chickens be hypnotized by drawing a line in front of them?
How accurate are estimates of death tolls attributed to Hitler, Stalin and Mao Zedong?
Is rice water a good fertilizer?
Does baking soda eliminate a cockroach infestation?
Is there a church in Ireland that has as its ministry providing toilets for local pub patrons?
Did Jasmine Tridevil have a third breast added surgically?
Were Native Americans given blankets intentionally contaminated with smallpox?
Can hypnotherapy help focus/productivity
No Wipe Poo - Possible?
Is it possible to identify one's nationality through one's handwriting?
Is coconut oil the best for high-temperature cooking?
Did Volkswagen, Chrysler and/or GM cut diesel tailpipe emissions by ~99% over a decade?
Are Muslims allowed to deceive non-Muslims through a practice called Taqiyya?
Are claims about saving power by turning appliances off instead of leaving them in standby accurate?
Does Bamboo Charcoal clothes help to improve one's health?
Does Calcium Chloride remove bad smells?
Do probiotics help to reduce gas and bloating
Did Abbott oppose Mandela, and play rugby in South Africa during apartheid?
Were our ancestors taller than us
Was the Sandy Hook massacre an elaborate hoax? (and other conspiracies)
Is there rampant sexual assault of women in Australia?
Is Miss America Organization the world's largest provider of scholarship assistance for young women?
Does Apple install suicide prevention nets at their Chinese factories?
Is there a correlation between voting for the Democratic Party and gun crimes in the USA?
Did this couple lose 500 pounds of weight in 2 years?
Is the declining desirability of marriage gender specific?
Is it healthy to "Eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince and dinner like a pauper"?
Does speedtest.net give an unbiased answer?
Did a war memorial in Australia have a Japanese flag on the floor to trample?
Is reheated water less effective for skinning goats?
Is Stevie Wonder blind?
Quinoa chips are too high in protein?
Was there inscribed over the gate of Agra this story about divorce?
Was Johnny Cash the first American to learn of Stalin's death?
Is it lawful for a cheated woman to kill her husband with her bare hands in Hong Kong?
Does tapping on "acupoints" during an emotional problem change chemistry in the brain?
What happened to Jaco van der Westhuyzen's knee?
Is arthritis a symptom of boron-deficiency in the diet?
Is Amovir an effective anti-viral drug?
Can domestic cats be healthy as vegetarians?
Does a pair of trainers (shoes) hanging on a telephone wire mean the house nearby is a crack den?
Do women blink more than men?
Can drinking beer cause hairloss or more shedding?
Does colonoscopy screening reduce the risk of death due to colon cancer?
Did some Romans clean their teeth with urine?
Have farmers been sued because Monsanto seeds are blowing into their fields?
Is Microcurrent Therapy effective to treat tendinitis?
Turkish soldier with ISIS?
Do women take more sick days than men?
Is (or was) there a military service where women are officially addressed as "Mister"?
Are US businesses paying historically low proportions of income as wages?
Is tennis elbow surgery considered successful in 80% to 90% of patients?
Are "burglar codes" used to target homes for crime?
Did Republicans cut the budget of NIH and CDC in years leading up to Ebola?
Can the use of technology result in addiction in kids?
Are there mainstream medical schools that teach homeopathy or alternative medicine?
Do vacuum wine stoppers help preserve wine?
Does eating dark chocolate reduce the risk of heart diseases?
Does drinking juice help to remove toxins?
Does fastening airplane seatbelts reduce the risk of death and injury?
Do Chromium or Manganese supplements have any benefits?
Did lions in Ethiopia save a 12 year old girl from rape?
Do "accountability partners" increase the chance of achieving personal commitments?
Are there health benefits from using a massage chair on a regular basis?
Does trimming your hair regularly make it grow faster?
Does stress-related tension account for 80%-90% of disease?
Is only 1-2% of the population in Myers-Briggs' INTJ category?
Does having more stool test help to improve chances in catching polyps bleeding?
Does eating Vitamin C and drinking green tea helps to counteract the effects of secondhand smoke?
Is Idaho forcing pastors to conduct same-sex weddings or face penalties?
Do 15-25% of all computer users worldwide (both vocational and recreational) have some computer-related injury (CRI)?
Can SSRI make things worse in the long term or cause delayed depression?
Do babies dream in the womb?
Can dogs detect human cancer?
Does drinking black tea increase prostate cancer risk?
Do airbags reduce the risk of death or serious injury, assuming seatbelt is properly worn?
Did Obama say the USA is "no longer a Christian Nation"?
How true are the "True" stories in Beyond Belief: Fact or Fiction?
Does Helminthic Therapy help in the treatment of Crohn's Disease?
Is it against the law to mispronounce Arkansas?
Are men raped at a higher rate than women, after considering prison rape?
Are movies with aircraft incidents not shown on planes?
Are Jim Rogers, George Soros, Warren Buffet converting their stocks into cash holdings?
Is this video of a man pouring boiling water on himself real?
Are these photos strong evidence of mermaids?
Did the US Government invent ebola to test bioweapons in Africa?
Does Lego increase a child's IQ?
Is "Dabiq" an ISIS-produced magazine?
Is a Boeing Honeywell ‘Uninterruptible’ Autopilot System pre-installed on any in-service airliners?
Can ANESA be used to diagnose pathologies?
Is there a cure for Ebola?
Are the top ten flashlight apps maliciously stealing data and sending it to China, India, and Russia?
Is concern for equality linked to logic, not emotion?
Would Mefloquine be approved under today's regulations?
Does Bee Pollen reduce inflammation?
Are chicken haunches especially toxic?
Would lowering the speed limit in NYC by 5mph lower the number of pedestrian deaths by a factor of 2?
How many pedestrians die a year in NYC from being hit by a car?
Was inbreeding responsible for haemophilia in royalty?
Is this Halloween campaign from Pepsi and Coca Cola real?
Are the UK and Sweden in violation of international law with respect to detaining Julian Assange?
Do more "animal sacrifices, desecrations of cemeteries" happen at Halloween?
Are 95% of the world's roads unpaved?
Are sharp knives safer to use than dull knives for preparing food when cooking?
Can hypnosis make things subjectively disappear?
Has cessation of water fluoridation lead to a 90-200% increase in cavities in children?
Is Carbon-14 found in all strata?
How long did the crew of the Space Shuttle Challenger survive?
Is standing near Lake Karachay for an hour fatal?
Do specific exercises target specific fat deposits?
Does extremely high intelligence correlate with poorer social skills?
Do 25 million meteors enter Earth's atmosphere each day?
Do cloves in an apple repel fruit flies
Does the NSA deliberately and systematically spy on US citizens without warrants?
Was the North Korean leader, Kim Il-Sung, an imposter?
Does the "Re-Timer" device help to alleviate "winter blues"?
Is voter turnout inversely correlated with Republican success?
Is Science Diet cat food brand a nutritionally poor and relatively unhealthy option for cats?
Is there a cancer avoidance diet that is backed up scientifically?
Has a company ever used a drug test as a cover to test for pregnancy or disease?
Does using paper contribute to deforestation?
Did humans almost become extinct about 70,000 years ago?
Was SS Californian intended to be a rescue vehicle for the passengers of a deliberately-sunk Titanic?
Do mice sneeze?
Do Arnica homeopathic tablets reduce bruising?
Is it more dangerous to ride a motorcycle [with a helmet] than to drive a car?
Did Hemingway beat drunks with a club at a bar in Key West?
Does LSD use correlate with high achievement?
Does eating the apple skin alone help to reduce cancer cells and liver cancer?
Do humans normally pass gas 6 to 21 times per day?
Does extremely low frequency radiation from mobile phones and tablets have adverse health effects?
Did Hedy Lamarr and George Antheil invent frequency hopping or spread spectrum communications?
Can mice find their way back to your home from 1+ miles away?
Did Malian sailors reach the Americas in 1311 CE?
Has a human ever been eaten by an anaconda?
Did a hospital employee put up "ebola" signs to cover up he was making fries?
In the movie "Life of Brian", were the guard extras told that they couldn't laugh?
Has Russia invaded Ukraine?
Life (i.e. cells) originated from clay
Is it illegal to sell dolls that do not have human faces in France?
Is the cause of stomach cancer known?
Did Adolf Hitler's family make a pact to ensure the line died out?
Has anyone been caught using inductive coupling to steal power?
Has an organ donor ever been at risk of having organs harvested before a sudden recovery?
Do calcified water heaters use more energy?
Is the WHO tetanus vaccination campaign a covert sterilisation campaign?
Are polyamorous people happier?
Do US farmers apply Roundup to non-GMO wheat crops 7-10 days before harvest?
Does sleeping in a cold room reduce the risk of diabetes?
Does consuming a surplus 3,500 calories lead to the gain of one pound of body fat?
Did Thomas Edison test 1600 materials for the filament of his light bulb?
What's the deal with applied kinesiology?
Can dreams be interpreted to obtain novel information?
Could pain through stretching increase general pain tolerance?
Is this photo of a jet firing at MH17 a fake?
Is it routine for Sweden prosecutors to travel to the UK to question people they are looking to arrest?
Do covered [drinking water] reservoirs cause health risks compared to open-air reservoirs?
Are rape vans real?
Does wetting your toothbrush have health effects?
Have prior U.S. Presidents used executive actions to change immigration policy
Did a pastor undress and kiss his female church members' behinds to help them find a husband?
Is the reason for crying related to which eye releases tears first?
Do blue lights on railway platforms reduce suicide?
When is the origin of Datura in India?
Was the Emancipation Proclamation an Executive Order that bypassed Congress and freed 3 million slaves?
Are these claims about Owsley County, KY factual
Is suicide caused by or correlated with living at high altitude?
Will criticizing immigration be illegal in Sweden?
Does ethanol activate any taste or smell receptors?
Does a video show Michael Brown robbing a store in Ferguson the day he was shot?
Are (former Australian Prime Minister) Tony Abbott's Indian Facebook likes fake?
When will humans become immune to antibiotics?
Did Darren Wilson make this statement?
Can eating human hair cause a blockage in the digestive tract?
Do 99.99% of federal grand juries indict?
Do Föhn winds cause migraines and mental illness?
Does the average American Thanksgiving meal contain 4,500 Calories?
Is some better technology suppressed in favor of profits?
Is this a ship-shipping ship, shipping shipping ships?
Do 3% of the Swiss eat dogs and cats?
Is animal agriculture responsible for more greenhouse gas emissions than transportation?
Does one hamburger take more water to produce than 2 months worth of showering?
Do 2500 cows produce more waste than 411000 people
Do only 40 countries have rule of law?
Did men sell their wives on Wednesbury market?
Do abortion procedures ever result in live births?
Is it almost impossible to find animals that are not contaminated by chemicals?
Did ancient Egyptians look white?
Are members of organized rape gangs in the UK mostly of Kashmir / Pakistani origin?
Are sharks primarily hunted for Chinese cuisine?
Does orgasm trigger menstruation?
Was research by Nazi doctors use as a precursor for some cancer treatments?
Does giving legal advice make you liable?
Is this picture showing an eagle flying upside-down genuine?
Has carbon dating indicated that live humans are 4000 years old?
Is immigration causing unemployment among low-skill workers in the UK?
Were Michael Brown's hands up when he was shot according to grand jury testimony?
Does SNAP have the lowest rate of fraud of any federal program in the US?
Did a successful businessman once fail an interview for a menial Microsoft job for having no email?
Did NATO promise not to expand into Eastern and Central Europe?
Does the Cuban healthcare system perform better than those of countries of similar economic strength?
Has the snowball approach to debt repayment been shown to have any advantages?
If smoking causes lung cancer, why has a decline in smoking not led to a decline in lung cancer?
Was Colonel Sanders rejected by 1009 restaurants before he started his first franchise?
CPH4 is exist or not
Have cats hunted at least 33 species to extinction?
Is Sweden's economy deteriorating fast?
Do private school students attain lower GPAs in college than "equal" public school students?
Did the "Russian Sleep Experiment" happen?
Is being able to talk evidence that you can breathe?
Did 80% of Soviet males born in 1923 die in WWII?
Does IQ testing show that blacks on average score worse than whites?
Did a Russian Orthodox priest sprinkle holy water on Russia's Central Bank's servers?
Have there ever been any real, credible bomb threats?
Did Gandhi tell this story about sugar?
Was the Eric Garner grand jury shown the video of his death?
Did the NYPD use an ambulance to trick protesters into cooperating?
Is Obama the first President of the US to write a computer program?
Did stone age people have an income of slightly below $2 a day?
Did a woman find a chicken head in her McNuggets?
Is there any proof that blackle.com conserves energy?
Is it dangerous to use wooden cutlery and cutting boards with raw meat?
Did switching to a common currency cause prices to go up in European countries?
Does technology exist that can read memories from human brains?
Did Neil Gaiman say "A book is a dream you hold in your hand"?
What is the original source of "Everything in the world is about sex, except sex. Sex is about power."?
Is DDT significantly less harmful than claimed by the EPA?
Were postal stamp depicting LTTE symbols and its chief, Prabhakaran, released by government of France?
Is it "perfectly legal" to walk topless in New York City?
How fully-informed was President George W Bush about CIA interrogation techniques?
Do high immigration levels lower quality of life standards?
Is racial income inequality currently in US worse than it was in Apartheid South Africa
Is anti-whaling activism almost as big an industry as the whaling industry?
Did a broadcast of the US National Anthem in the 60's use subliminal messaging?
Can Hydrogen Peroxide administered via ear drops reduce the duration of the common cold?
Will 1 out 4 women be a victim of domestic violence?
Does pair programming improve the correctness of software?
Did Saint Charbel Makhluf's body remain intact for 50 years?
Did this baseball bat stand up after been thrown?
Does a deep freezer use more energy when there is a layer of ice in it?
Does keeping your carbohydrate intake at 20-25% of your total caloric intake reduce insulin-resistance diseases?
Does an empty stomach cause gas?
Does water bring out the flavor and aroma in scotch?
Did a cop get fired after stopping police abuse?
Did Hiroshima change the layout of its streets subsequent to the war?
Are these suppliers providing Macbook Pros for only US$230?
Does zinc help with colds and flus?
Does the 'B' in 'Benoit B. Mandelbrot' stand for 'Benoit B. Mandelbrot'?
Is the spread of internet porn reducing marriage rates?
Did Fox News win a court case for the right to lie?
Is it legal to shoot groups of Native Americans in some US States?
Did Seal Team Six fire more rounds in one year than the entire Marine Corps's ammunition allowance?
Did banning abortion in Chile lead to lower maternal mortality?
Did priests use maces because they did not spill blood?
Does drinking hot water have positive health effects?
Does the "chalk code" exist?
Are soaked almonds easier to digest than unsoaked almonds?
Does staying married "for the kids' sake" benefit the kids?
Did Russia use drunkenness to promote soldier aggression in WW2?
Have 36 bankers died in 2014 from accidents, suicide, and murder?
Do less-intelligent people vote right-wing because they feel safe?
Was swastika a popular symbol among Slavs and/or Proto-Indo-Europeans?
Is it possible to make it rain in the desert by burning cactus fields?
Do glyphosate-based herbicides cause autism?
In Chinese culture is it good luck to let facial mole hair grow long?
Do electric cars create more fine dust pollution than comparable petrol cars?
Does boiling milk reduce the Vitamin B12 content?
Were the Space Shuttle's computers incapable of handling end-of-year roll-overs?
Did Muslims discover the Americas in the 12th century A.D.?
Does shampoo containing pro-B5 affect the appearance of hair?
Does rifaximin (Xifaxin) treat irritable bowel syndrome?
Do police interrogation techniques "work" on the innocent?
Is salt an antihistamine?
Does Chicory Root Extract cause high flatulence?
Are most adults lactose intolerant?
Does stopping urination mid stream lead to urinary tract infections?
Are there more outstanding warrants in Ferguson than residents?
Did Einstein ever remark on compound interest?
Is a human on a bike more efficient than a fish in water?
Is toilet paper roll orientation related to personality?
Is it common that North Americans who call themselves 'vegetarian' eat fish?
Is there any legitimate reason as to why airplane mode should be used?
Does the New York Times refuse to publish material that offends religious sensibilities?
Is only one in seven medical interventions supported by reliable scientific evidence?
Does John of God do any healing?
Does the body require essential fatty acids for good health?
Are most women incapable of orgasm through vaginal stimulation alone?
Did James Buchanan say there were "too many educated people in the world"?
Is eating fruits in an empty stomach healthier?
Are there officially pronounced "no-go" Islamic zones in France?
Did the policeman in charge of the Charlie Hebdo investigation take his own life?
Are winter babies better at music?
Are 'user-adjustable' thermostats in offices usually 'dummies'?
Does stale toast contain fewer digestible calories than hot toast?
Does "power posing" affect testosterone and cortisol levels?
Was Licio Gelli nominated as a candidate for the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Can you sharpen scissors by cutting Aluminum foil?
Do I need to wait for my car to warm up before driving off?
Is driving stoned safer than driving drunk?
Have there been US legal cases where CPR patients sued their savior?
Are Muslim headscarves banned in France?
Does the Gokhale Method improve spine-related medical conditions?
Is Lyme Disease endemic in Australia?
Are vaccine antibodies different than natural antibodies?
Can Okra treat Diabetes?
Do small dogs live longer than large dogs?
Have refrigerators become less reliable over time?
Does an old car with engine turned off pollute more than a new car going 60 mph?
Did Two Eagles tell this joke?
Do the Amish have a lower rate of autism?
Does smelling alcohol makes you drunk?
Did food industry make their instant cakes harder to cook in the '50s?
Do girls get better grades than boys at school?
Was Isaac Newton responsible for the loss of Robert Hooke's work?
Are any commercials "banned" for public display?
Did the Hebrew exodus from Egypt ever happen?
Do desktop computers catch fire (often)?
Do two spaces after a period make speed reading easier?
Is cash confiscated upon arrest in the US?
Do marine invertebrates outnumber plants in the fossil record 19:1?
Is height about as heritable as obesity?
Did someone using a private jet tell Americans their expectations are too high?
Do African countries have to pay a "colonial tax" to France?
Do internet-based petitions to foreign governments have an influence?
Is there a link between blood pressure and salt intake?
Can thunderstorms curdle milk?
Did Gandhi call vaccination a barbarous practice?
Is this "Remove child before washing" clothes label real?
Is this list of Killings Ordered or Supported by Muhammad accurate?
Do the world's eight richest people have as much wealth as the poorest 50%
Was 2014 the hottest year on record?
Do smartphones and computers cause skin to age via "tech neck"?
Do police issue more citations near the end of each month?
Will food go sour faster during dog days, as according to Scandinavian lore?
Is steam cleaning any more effective than 'normal' cleaning?
Can the shampoos harm the hair or the head skin?
Do individual heart cells "beat" when isolated?
Does blending food to "break down the cell walls" make it healthier?
Do granite tiles emit radioactive radon gas?
Did Lars Andersen perform the stunts in "A new level of archery"?
Is there a correlation between cold and illnesses generally perceived as cold-related?
Can the special sound frequency make addiction?
Did astronauts leave footprints on the moon?
Are there no matriarchal societies?
Does drinking coffee, or any other activity, help sober a person?
Is it better to floss before or after brushing the teeth?
Do Bluetooth headsets pose any health risks?
Are there health risks to not washing hands after urinating?
Can Master Zhou use Qi Gong to heat aluminium foil?
Does a dog have a larger carbon footprint than a SUV?
Does the nose stop smelling a scent after a few minutes?
What is the *causal* link between smoking and lung cancer?
Can lions sense menstruating women?
Do orangutans rape women?
Did Thales conduct experiments in electricity?
Would measles be no great health risk in the US, even without vaccines?
Is this 90 year old mummy "not dead, just meditating"?
How effective are reflectors at preventing pedestrian deaths?
Can one's favorite color accurately predict one's personality?
Did Mozart improvise?
Can nasal spray with eucalyptus help prevent further infections?
Is the city of Marinaleda a socialst utopia?
Do pigeons and doves refrain from mating after their lifelong mate dies?
Do you understand (reading comprehension) more from reading on paper than on screen?
Do cat owners have a lower chance of developing allergies?
Were slaves only allowed to play the black keys of a piano?
Is diet soda as bad for your teeth as regular soda or methamphetamine?
How should we evaluate the evidence for the miracle of Lanciano?
Did Elvis Presley ever tip a limo driver with a limo?
Does soap help prevent body odor?
Is/was there an illuminati founded in 1776?
Did modern birds exist during the Cretaceous period?
Was Turing's team involved in the development of the Ultra system to determine which decrypted Enigma messages to act upon?
Did Alan Turing publish a paper called The Imitation Game (as claimed in the movie)?
Are there any geological periods found on top of each other that have dinosaurs of that period with in them?
Is or was Australia an egalitarian country?
Were staff at Bletchley Park predominantly male?
Do Silicon Valley tech workers' kids have low vaccination rates?
Are heroin/cocaine not as physically addictive as previously claimed?
Have there been documented cases of "blood pumping from the trunks of trees"?
Did witchcraft testing inevitably result in death by either drowning or execution?
Is approximately 80% of a child's intelligence acquired from the mother?
Was Pope Francis a Black Sabbath fan in his youth?
Are secular/atheist adults less vengeful, nationalistic, militaristic, authoritarian and more tolerant?
Do atheists commit far fewer crimes?
Can this Ayurvedic concoction reduce chances of swine flu?
Do honeybees disrupt native pollinators in North America?
Is smoking marijuana while breast feeding dangerous?
Does the UK government have only 300 staff investigating tax evasion of £70bn+ vs 3250 staff investigating benefits (welfare) fraud of £1.2bn?
Can triple antibiotic ointment in the nostrils prevent flu?
Does a physical barrier such as Vaseline help prevent a cold or flu during air-travel?
Is Holocaust denial illegal in the West?
Did Comcast attempt to coerce Netflix by slowing down its traffic?
Is this video of a boxing kangaroo match authentic?
Do more people die of drinking related complications than smoking related complications?
Is the “Asshole Effect” a phenomenon correlated with wealth?
Could a grid-iron football deflate due to weather conditions?
Is there any correlation between temperature and illness?
Does drinking beer help to prevent Alzheimer/Parkinson diseases?
Has every U.S. presidential election been won by the campaign with the most money?
Is food handled in China but available in Australia less safe than food handled in Australia?
Do professional beggars earn six-figure amounts yearly?
Does frequent sex cause vaginas to become permanently stretched?
Does marrying a relative confer fertility benefits?
Does the availability of modern contraception only explain 10% of human fertility reduction?
Did scientists in UK find a sphere that is of extraterrestrial origin which contains alien biota?
Did a dust storm in Saudi Arabia cause it to "rain" money?
Are diet soft drinks linked to depression in women?
Does the human body crave missing vitamins?
Is this dress blue and black in colour?
Does mandatory registration of SIM cards reduce terrorism?
Does bilingualism prevent Alzheimer's?
Can kitty litter cause adverse health effects in humans?
Would life not exist on Earth if it was one kilometer closer to, or farther from, the sun?
Was Harrison Ford the janitor or carpenter on the set of Star Wars?
Can joints withstand greater compressive forces than shear forces without injury?
Do Irish locals urinate on the Blarney Stone?
Did a Jewish rabbi precisely calculate the duration of the full moon cycle 1800 years ago?
Are polar bears doing well despite a reduction in sea ice?
Is Yuri Bezmenov still alive?
Could people perceive the color blue in ancient times?
Are U.S. Torture Techniques Tied to MKULTRA Experiments?
Is Singapore the most expensive city in the world?
Is peanut butter a choking hazard for animals?
Does putting our head to the ground remove "positive electromagnetic charges"?
Is Tetris by Electronic Arts the best selling video game on mobile?
Did global warming exacerbate the Syrian conflict?
Water swirl according to hemisphere: video
Did granite form instantly?
Did Willie Soon fail to disclose a conflict of interest with the fossil fuel lobby?
Is fluoride an ingredient in Prozac and rat poison?
What formula gives the solunar periods of the Solunar Theory?
Did women in New York textile factories strike on March 8, 1857?
Did Pablo Iglesias post this sentence on twitter?
Did Feeras Antoon cheat porn star Mia Khalifa up to number 1 on PornHub?
Does white background increase battery consumption of a smartphone?
Can overuse of smartphones cause the pinky finger to become deformed?
What is the importance of having different timezones all over world
Was a pair of handcuffed hands found near the World Trade Center after 9/11?
Does copy paper become "old and yellow"?
Is this video showing an Apple engineer discussing the new MacBook (2015) authentic?
Do 2/3 of "vegetarians" fail to stick to a vegetarian diet?
Do antipsychotics have persistent negative effects on the brain?
Did Gandhi say "The most violent weapon on earth is the table fork"?
Did Canada go from 2.5 million protected lakes and rivers, to just 159?
Is regularly viewing internet pornography unhealthy?
Does a transgender woman in Olympia, Washington receive frequent complaints about indecent exposure in the women’s showers and locker room?
Did Ireland ever have snakes?
Are dogs loyal to their owners?
Were three journalists (Bob Simon, Ned Colt and David Carr) investigating a plausible relation between the CIA and 9/11?
Is Diet Soda making older people fat?
Is the video of Greek finance minister Yanis Varoufakis showing a middle finger fake?
Does Nd:YAG laser help tissue regeneration and pain relief?
Is this a genuine 1965 literacy test?
Is this claim that "vaccinations are associated with heroin use" made in good faith?
Do loud motorcycles prevent accidents?
Did Jews own most of the plantations that deployed slaves in the United States?
Does Disney's Ducktales say "Ask About Illuminati"?
Could you survive a vertical 100m drop in a BMW hatchback?
Are state officials in Florida prevented from saying the term "climate change"?
Is the curtain behind Obama in this picture a "muslim prayer curtain"?
Do you need specialist filters to look at the sun?
Does gaunyle, derived from cow urine, work as a disinfectant?
Are male nurses salaries higher than female nurses salaries?
Does this video of electromagnetic radiation from energy efficient bulbs indicate any danger?
Is dolphin hunting in Taiji unsustainable?
Can the president and vice president of the United States be from the same state?
Did the Philadelphia Experiment ever take place?
Is GHB safe to consume?
Is profanity correlated with trustworthiness and honesty?
Are there certain sounds that cannot be heard through the phone?
Does exercise make you healthier?
Are people with depression more likely to commit murder?
Is assuming that tomorrow's weather will be the same as today a good model?
Is brown rice healthier than white rice?
Do holes in pot lids make water boil faster?
Does exercise affect the number of muscle cells?
Will people automatically look at the person they feel closest to when laughing?
Does gelatin aid hair and nail growth?
Who said "You can kill a man but you can't kill an idea"?
Are razor blades tax-free in the UK?
No creams or ointments for first aid of a child with a large scald?
Non-alcoholic fatty liver and juvenile type 2 diabetes: rising incidence or just more diagnosis?
Does "Top Gear" have 350 million viewers worldwide?
Is vertical farming viable?
Can bouncing batteries tell you if they are charged or not?
Is being a professional logician associated with serious mental health issues?
Did BMW recall their GPS system due to its female voice?
Did Iraq have the use of electricity 5000 years ago?
Was Mikhail Bakunin a murderer?
Are these pictures of the recent terrorist attack in Kenya (NSFW)?
Did Guru Padmasambhava say this?
Do non-religious people make more money?
Do homeschooled kids lack socialization skills?
Are people happier when they spend money on experiences rather than physical objects?
Did Rockstar Games post this tweet about EA games?
Was Germany's reunification an annexation?
Do homeschooled kids perform better academically?
Did the Saudi mufti issue a fatwa saying that men can eat their wives?
Could the 2001 anthrax letter attacks been connected to the disclosure of Project Jefferson?
Is radioactive milk being sold in inner-city black neighbourhoods in New York?
Did Pope Gregory IX call the Holy Fire a fraud?
Do Russians need to disclose their encryption keys to the Federal Security Service?
Why should we try to reduce swelling after injury?
If you have half of a Canadian $20 bill, is it worth $10?
Is this video by Carl Sagan?
Is drinking while standing unhealthy?
Are the bones of puppies not joined at 2 weeks old?
Were Mermaid passengers shipwrecked by 5 different vessels before being successfully rescued?
Is Finitro Forte Plus an effective treatment for arthritis?
Does reading what you listen parallely improve your ability to speak English?
Do watches break very often for some people?
Have more British Muslims joined Islamist groups than serve in British armed forces?
Does a swelling make an X-ray photograph or MRI scan harder to interpret?
Do reverse phone lookup services work?
Did an octopus visit another tank to hunt?
In Canada, will there soon be more female doctors than male doctors?
Does the Netherlands goverment fund 'Hookers for the Handicapped'?
Are 1 to 4 tons of coal required to create only one solar panel?
Is it legal to hire only beautiful people?
Was this Indian from British India the first to strike Berlin during World War I?
Does a human on a bicycle travel more efficiently than any other species?
Has anyone ever memorized the entire bible?
The Yogi that Never Eats, is it true?
Has the documentary hypothesis become invalid?
Is there an epidemic of sexual harassment on the NYC subway?
Did Hitler say "Who speaks today of the extermination of the Armenians?"
Is Falun Gong worse for its practitioners and society than other religions like Christianity?
Do airliners use single physical network for both avionics and passenger wifi access?
Does placing onions on one's feet purify the blood and kill bacteria, germs and pathogens?
Is this photograph of Frank Sinatra as a 10 year old real?
Does the Red Cross sell $2.1 billion worth of blood annually?
Are people physically sensitive to light from LEDs over other sources?
Does Conversion Therapy cause harm?
Are LDS missionaries taught languages to a level of fluency in under three months which takes other schools years?
Can the concussion of a .50 calibre bullet from a sniper shot kill you even if the bullet misses?
Is exposure therapy is the only effective treatment of PTSD?
Does less than 30% of donated used medical equipment ultimately become operational?
Was measles vaccine introduced after the disease was under control
Does the word "butterfly" stem from an erroneous transcription of "flutterby"?
Did the Ottoman government kill ~1 million Armenians during and after World War I?
Did Christians seek out martyrdom during the Roman empire?
Did Edgar Allan Poe predict a shipwreck?
Is this a US military armored vehicle modified for railroad use?
Did a 700 percent increase in pencil sales occur in Britain on the back of the Sudoku boom?
Do body wraps have slimming effects?
How long does it take expanded Antarctic sea ice to reach New Zealand?
Is it unhealthy to lick the lid of a yogurt cup?
Does sunlight cause most of the wrinkles on our faces?
Is there any archaeological evidence for Norman Invasion of Britain in 1066?
Has NASA discovered a possible "warp-like" drive using the EmDrive?
Are coffee grounds effective as a cat repellent?
Did Freeman Dyson say that atoms have awareness?
Does this line appear in 50 Shades of Grey?
Have many Falun Gong practitioners forgone medical treatment and died of treatable causes as a result?
Was Monsanto the primary manufacturer of Agent Orange?
Did Donnie Decker exist and could he make it rain at will?
Was the Anarchist Cookbook created by the FBI/CIA to sabotage insurgency?
Does giving a drug to a former addict cause reestablishment of chemical dependence?
Did an experimental Oral Polio Vaccine (OPV) cause the AIDS pandemic?
Did Spam sue a 'popular email service' in the early days of the internet?
Did a Chinese zookeeper lick a monkey's anus for an hour in order to save its life?
Does shaking breastmilk damage it?
Is this video of a guy at the top of a building authentic?
Is the practice of circumcision in the US an attempt to stop masturbation?
Have there been only 26 days of peace since 1945?
Is this an excerpt of a police report by Floyd Mayweather's son?
Is dishonesty more prevalent in certain cultures/countries?
How many people died at the Tulsa Race Riot?
Is listening to hypnosis tracks dangerous while driving?
Did Manahel Thabet develop a groundbreaking formula to measure distance in space without the use of light?
How often do witnesses fail to report violent crimes as they are occuring?
Did Emil Krebs master 68 languages?
Is there a relative dearth of older black men in West Baltimore?
Did Nikita Khrushchev make this remark about Switzerland?
Can vinegar and essential oils repel ticks?
Does baby powder cause ovarian cancer?
Are smarter people more likely to be happy?
Does smiling make us more happy?
Is it possible to train dogs to detect hypoglycemia?
Are some beards dirtier then toilets?
Are there more open jobs than available developers?
Can a strong solar storm knock out our power grids for months?
Does the amount of land needed to get the USA to zero-carbon electricity correspond to a small area of Texas?
Do 4% of Americans say they believe in "lizard people"?
Did classical Greeks claim that children are solely products of the father's sperm?
Did Jonas Salk say "I have had dreams and I have had nightmares", etc.? Where?
If someone dies during a test, does everyone else pass?
Can a thrown knife be used to kill silently?
Are over 20 of the US Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden now dead?
Are psychiatric disorders curable?
Have 95% of climate models over-forecast the global warming trend?
Are latex balloons biodegradable?
Will visiting a sauna help you quit smoking?
Does war accelerate invention?
Is there any research which supports the use of probiotic yogurts?
Does the "Lightning Process" successfully treat Chronic Fatigue Syndrome?
Are sprout seeds safe to eat?
Can pre-2009 BLC U2 data be compared to Post-2009 U2 data
Do Greeks evade taxes by not finishing their houses?
Does an avocado ripen faster in a paper bag?
Can we end chronic hunger?
Does dairy milk and meat decrease your overall health and make you live less?
Can meditators collapse Quantum Systems at a distance?
How are airplane contrails linked to climate change?
Do 80 percent of sexually active people get infected with HPV?
Does increasing the middle class result in lower birth rates?
Are there more Mormons in the world than Jews?
Do Ostrich Eggs repel Spiders?
Does microwaving breast milk cause dangerous hot spots?
Can you quit smoking overnight by drinking a dangerous dose of nicotine?
Is homeopathy ever used in official medicine?
Is this video of a Muslim cleric denying heliocentrism authentic?
Is CancerTutor.com reliable?
Is this tweet about classes one month after the Hiroshima bombing, and the 2011 tsunami accurate?
Is it true that the best programmer in the office is 30 times faster than the worst programmer in the office?
Does the USA grant citizenship to whomever is born in their airspace?
Does eating dark chocolate eliminate night terrors?
Did we receive a signal from outer space in 1977?
Do calorie charts in restaurants affect peoples' choice of foods?
Are Earthquakes on the rise?
Does rabies have an almost 100% mortality rate with around 160 deaths per day?
Is half of all domestic violence committed by women against men?
Can we tell our origin based on foot phenotype?
Does the oxygen level in the air drop at night or in the early morning?
Does the death penalty in California cost more than $300m per execution?
Has it ever rained fish?
Do Super PACs have to report their donors?
Does getting a running start increase your vertical jump?
Does diet affect the intensity of allergies?
Is this ad with a German coast guard mistaking "sinking" with "thinking" by Berlitz?
Is there any scientific explanation for this trumpet noise from the atmosphere?
Is anything about the 1999 NOAA "Julia" recording prevented from publication as being classified?
Can a wasp ingest and use a snake's venom?
Do one third of American 8th graders think that Canada is run by a dictatorship?
Are nontraditional family units less likely to produce a well-adjusted child?
Is a new case of dementia diagnosed every 4 seconds?
Is it true that no indigenous people exercise sovereignty over any part of the Americas?
Will 62 workers may lose their lives for each game played during Qatar’s 2022 World Cup?
Is about 50% of world population middle class?
Does heating breast milk in a microwave oven destroy nutrients?
Did JFK earn $150,000 a year as president, and donate it all to charity?
Are current climate models too vague to be physically or scientifically meaningful?
Are there high levels of dioxin in Vietnamese coffee?
Does ghee help burn body fat?
Can abdominal muscles take over 75% of the workload of a diaphragm and restore 100% lung function?
Do commercial DNA synthesis labs maintain a "watch list" of dangerous DNA sequences?
Can you legally drive away when Wisconsin police officer knocks on your car window?
Is China creating fake rice which includes resin?
During pregnancy, do babies send stem cells to their mothers to repair organ damage?
Can acidosis be diet-induced?
Did Chinese philosopher "Tson Tse" anticipate key ideas of evolution 2500 years ago?
Did BBC ignore 50,000 people protesting against austerity?
Did Ray Bradbury ever claim that "Fahrenheit 451" was not about censorship?
Are babies natural swimmers?
Do GMO companies forbid independent research on their seeds?
Are confident guys more likely to get a girlfriend?
Does the Charlie Charlie Challenge demon exist?
Are people overdosing as part of a "Paracetamol Challenge"?
Do colors change your mood?
Can credit cards be cloned remotely with an RFID reader?
Did the US create ISIS?
Is Israel the only "Free and Democratic" country in the Middle East?
Do pesticides containing EDCs cause IQ loss, obesity and cryptorchidism?
Did Switzerland declare a "Science day" in honour of Dr APJ Abdul Kalam?
Did the Roman army have more servants than soldiers?
Does speeding increase the risk of accident?
Has the US already taken in 25% of Mexicos population as immigrants?
Can tortoises become deformed by growing up inside rings of plastic?
Do extreme homeopathic dilutions still retain quantities of the starting materials?
Is the United States bankrupt?
Is the Indonesian army torturing and murdering civilians in West Papua?
Did cats evolve meowing in order to manipulate humans?
Can Chris Jones cause positive hallucinations and put people to sleep through the power of hypnosis?
Has any programmer ever been paid per line of code?
Does one in six Americans struggle with hunger?
Did an experiment show none of 680 Air Force cadets were of "average" size?
Does "geopathic stress" cause illness?
Is obesity correlated with solitary and/or social eating?
Has the Red Cross raised half a billion dollars for Haiti to build 6 houses?
Is eating rice harmful to birds?
Are those claims from Linda Bacon's Health at Every Size accurate?
May only licensed electricians change light bulbs in Australia?
Did Gina Grant serve only 12 months in prison for killing her mother?
Is this how to say Steph Curry in American sign language
Is all gold ever mined able to fit in a 20x20x20 meter cube?
Is meth widely consumed in North Korea?
Are more than half of scientists who have ever lived alive today?
Could the Nokia 1100 be hacked to sniff SMS messages intended for third parties?
Are the citizens of Milan legally obliged to smile?
Is it illegal to hang lingerie on a clothesline near an airport in Kidderville, NH?
Is stair climbing linked to heart disease?
Were the families of the protesters killed during the Tiananmen Square Massacre billed for the bullets used?
Is any money being spent on hunt for intelligent aliens or is it only for a habitable planet?
Have US Navy SEALS used tomahawks?
Does coriander juice help in chelation and excretion of toxic metals?
Is a 'crooked tongue' a new stroke indicator?
Was the word 'racist' coined by Trotsky in 1927?
Are male and female brains connected in a completely different manner?
Does Zeolite remove heavy metals and radiation from the body?
Does the HPV vaccine have more frequent adverse reactions than other immunisations?
Is human hair used to make bread?
Does leaving the fan on during an RV a/c cycle time save energy?
Is it true that if you are pregnant you should not walk bare foot?
Can Magic Leap deliver its claims about their future augmented reality product?
Does the hops in beer cause sleepiness?
Can hernia be cured without surgery using hernica sachets?
Is this shoe lacing technique effective at preventing blackened toe nails?
Does chugging Gatorade before going to sleep prevent a hangover in the morning?
Does placing an ice cube on your neck provide health benefits?
Did Hedviga Golik sit dead and undiscovered for 42 years in front of her TV?
Are sprouted sweet potatoes safe to eat?
Did Dr. Benjamin Spock recant his child-rearing teachings later in life?
Is the Chelmsford England / "Hawaii" UFO Lights sighting video faked?
Does the average software developer not own (or has never read) a book on software development?
Are the 'Family Feud' surveys systematically fake?
Is the lighthouse and American navy story a real event?
Is water from a sink different from water from a water fountain?
Is pedophilia a mental illness?
Did Thomas Edison say the "...faith in fiction is a damnable false hope" quote?
Are Chinese companies dumping defective solar panels in other countries?
Is the average life expectancy of an pornographic actor significantly lower than the rest of the population?
Is tickling a form of torture for slow lorises?
Is this picture of Rachel Dolezal reading a book called "How to be Black" genuine?
Is Sodium Nitrite (food additive e250) carcinogenic?
Is this picture of UPS man with burning Twin Towers in the background genuine?
Does gender reassignment surgery increase quality of life of transgender individuals?
Is the US FDA policy of deferring blood donations from MSM justified by increased STD risk?
Have one out of every two people who have ever lived died of malaria?
Is the 12-inch foot based off the foot of a King of England?
Is nitrous oxide not used during labor in US hospitals because it is cheaper?
Are beggars in the Nordic countries cities typically part of organised networks?
Is a woman murdered every 20 minutes for dowry?
Is the Earth experiencing another mass extinction event?
Are annual female rape and male "made to penetrate" rates similar in the US?
War veteran who didn't speak for 30 years until he heard a sports match over the radio
Did a Michigan jewellery store keeper successfully scare off his attackers with a shotgun in 1995?
Is there a correlation between mass-murder and use of psychoactive prescription drugs such as SSRIs?
Does media coverage of mass shootings leads to more mass shootings the same week?
Did Nylon eating bacteria come about due to an increase in genetic information?
Can you use a computer's CPU's electrical noise to extract an encryption key?
Did Margaret Sanger say "Colored people are like human weeds and are to be exterminated"?
Do dietary vitamin supplements like Berocca help improve mental performance?
Can pesticides from conventionally grown food be detected in urine samples?
Is cold-pressed juice higher in nutrients?
Is there a subgroup of Asians that have slanting vaginas?
Deaths due to firearms in the US since Civil War
Does the Google Chrome browser spy on users?
Did Stalin's Russia ban Jew's Harp?
Did a poltergeist move furniture around in this CCTV footage?
Is shaving Siberian Huskies harmful?
Did Lexus create a "real, rideable hoverboard"?
Do homosexuals have a shorter life expectancy than heterosexuals?
Did 15 doctors save a woman who had a heart attack on a plane?
Do yaks get shaved?
Do nightlights during childhood cause myopia later in life?
Are there discriminatory laws against Israelis marrying Palestianians?
Is it prohibited to marry more than one woman in US?
Is Roberto Nevilis the inventor of homework?
Can someone get pregnant merely by using the swimming pool?
Does your brain keep thinking for seven minutes after you die?
Did Palestinians from the PA with family reunification based IDs engage in terror activities, pre-2003?
Did WW2 pilots lead a swinger's lifestyle to ensure that their friends would take care of their family if they died?
Did Yanis Varoufakis tweet to Lagarde about repaying dues?
Are there any laws preventing the copying of keys containing a DO NOT DUPLICATE stamp?
Did a United States government official state that refusal to recognize the ICC was due to fear of George W. Bush would be prosecuted?
Do civil servants in Greece receive 3 days of holiday for donating blood?
Was the 30th of June the closest Venus and Jupiter have appeared since 2 B.C?
Did Michael Jeffery (Hendrix's manager) kill Jimi Hendrix after tricking him into signing an insurance policy?
Proof that the earth is round?
Does the average Russian drink 250mL of vodka a day?
Does closing a window reduce a serious risk of harm due to ball lightning?
Was this video about a person who can withstand electricity staged?
Was there a study finding that being an atheist is viewed on the level of being a rapist in the US?
Is Queen Elizabeth queuing for a sandwich in this photo?
Is combining different types of foods unhealthy?
Was Mahmoud Hessaby a student of Albert Einstein?
Was Walt Disney a Freemason?
Is there scientific justification for the Hindu gotra system?
Are these real badges for Richard Nixon's 1972 Presidential campaign?
Was the footage showing the policeman being shot in the Charlie Hebdo shootings a hoax?
Is this urban mosquito drone real?
Is the creator of Hello Kitty a satanist?
Is there any evidence of Planet X / Nibiru?
Did thousands of people claim to witness a strange solar phenomena ("dancing sun") at Fatima?
What is the origin of this photo of an unexploded bomb?
Do London underground drivers earn more and work less than NHS doctors?
Do prairie dogs die when they eat bubblegum?
Have 'upland farmers' struggled to protect livestock from foxes since the fox hunting ban in the UK
Are there 30 million non-legal immigrants in the United States?
Was NYSE outage on July 8th, 2015 a result of a cyber attack?
Are a majority of the FBI's most wanted fugitive murderers born outside the USA?
Did a criminal call smartphone encryption a "gift from God"?
Did the USA kill thousands of people between 2001 and 2013 using UAVs to inspire terror?
Was prophylactic appendectomy or tonsillectomy ever performed upon children?
Does Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) exist?
Did Madeleine Albright say that "Siberia held too many resources for Russia alone"?
Is this "Cooking Your Dog" book photo digitally faked?
Did Nazi soldiers cut off their own eyelids?
Has the legendary city of Dwarka been found under water?
Did a man sue himself and win?
Does different sampling rate make a difference human can hear?
Do Samsung phone batteries contain secret chips and antennae for stealing data?
Does the TSA have a fail rate of 95% in breach tests?
Has anyone died from eating fruit pits that contain amygdalin (cyanide)?
Does Planned Parenthood sell the organs of late-term fetuses?
Has the US Government tagged people to be killed with stickers on the mailboxes?
Does freshly-boiled water contain more oxygen?
Do beard growth oils increase beard growth speed?
Is water with extra oxygen tastier, healthier, or otherwise desirable for humans?
Is the US government murdering "natural" doctors?
Have the ending credits of Rambo III been changed?
What church prayed for Hitlers survival and well-being?
Was this image used in an anti-rape advertising campaign?
Did George Bush take over a year of leave as President?
Is "Better to see something once, than to hear about it a thousand times" used by Asians?
Does turning off cellular data when connected to WiFi extend a phone's battery life?
Is America's prosperity the result of slavery?
Was Messina destroyed by earthquake three days after local newspaper dared God to do so?
Does Frankincense cure cancer?
Does dyeing elephant tusks help discourage poachers?
Did Richard Feynman see Josef Papp's machine explode?
Did Fidel Castro ever make this prediction?
Are the lips of this illumination of St. Mary moving?
Does James Woods have an IQ of 180?
Did people long ago used to drink beer because water was dirty?
Does this 2015 draft of the Armenian constitution propose to allow killing people when "absolutely necessary"?
Are the methods and conclusions of the study "Clear connection between wireless devices and cancer, experts say" sound?
Are "Hitler" brand ice cream cones sold in India?
Does low-intensity radio-frequency radiation lead to cancer?
Did Neanderthals keep Cro-Magnons as sex-slaves?
Is (cow) milk's consumption bad for humans?
Do drumstick flowers reduce sexual dysfunction?
Does homogenized milk pose a health risk?
Is female squirting involuntary urination?
Are GMOs dangerous to the environment?
Did the crime rate drop after mandatory gun ownership in Kennesaw, Georgia?
Would eating a packet of cigarettes be fatal?
Does wearing linen reduce skin temperature by more than 3°C?
Did Nutrasweet industries pay for 100% of the research showing aspartame is safe?
Did the then Commissioner of the FDA resign in 1983 and get hired on by Searle 3 months later?
Did UN observe Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam's 79th or any birthday as "World Student Day"?
Has a "chariot army" been found at the bottom of the Red Sea?
Are US cops trained to escalate the violence?
Is this description of the processes which take place in the body for an hour after drinking Coca Cola accurate?
Do hand dryers in public bathrooms spread bacteria?
Do Ukranian MPs have regular fist fights?
Do geniuses die younger? If yes, why?
Is the Windows 10 upgrade event the largest upgrade event?
Was the mileage of the Apollo spaceships 7 inches to the gallon for their moon flights?
Does sealing electrical outlets reduce heating costs?
Did Planned Parenthood fake being hacked?
Was this pile of code written by a single team of software engineers?
Are Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen fraternal twins?
Does abortion decrease fertility rate?
Do abortions make up only 3% of Planned Parenthood's services?
Will stretching help me have lean, shapely muscles?
Did Brian Blessed punch a polar bear in the face?
Is Obama the only president who has been denied by the opposing party when trying to raise the minimum wage?
Do teachers make more per hour on a career basis than doctors?
Is nearly 50% of Planned Parenthood's earned revenue from abortion?
does this picture give an accurate account to what happens after drinking diet coke?
Has someone been killed or injured by being 'struck by a turtle'?
Can a camera flash blind the eyes of a baby?
Did the Greeks provide Turks with ammunition during the Greek War of Independence to save the Parthenon?
Did paleontologist Stan Taylor discover human footprints dated from the period of dinosaurs?
Is this a video from the Tsar bomb?
Is the derogatory meaning of the term "conspiracy theory" something that was specifically promoted by the CIA?
Are dogs excellent wingmen?
Did Lenin say this about guns?
Did an Algerian man sue his new bride for not looking pretty without make-up?
Was the term "goosebumps" ever used to refer to venereal sores?
Is it unsafe to write personal checks to random strangers?
Have 1,822 people died in Fukushima as a result of the nuclear accident?
Is dysharmonia a recognized medical condition?
Does Mexico have stringent voter ID requirements?
Is it possible to block the radiation emitted from cell phones?
Does sweating help to cure the flu
Did A&W customers think 1/3 pound burger patties weigh less than 1/4 pound ones?
Does sleeping on your left side improve digestion?
Do Shade Balls conserve/save water?
Are new parents generally unhappy?
Does drinking coffee or tea dehydrate you?
Are motorists in Washington entering city limits with criminal intentions required to phone to chief of police?
Did nude pictures kick off the industry for photographs?
Was Russian Su-24 fighter able to disable electronics aboard USS Donald Cook and thus lead to personnel aboard the ship to resign?
Did Brodie Smith throw a Frisbee to somebody on a zipline?
Is the Pintubi-1 skull representative of a modern Aboriginal?
Did Donald Trump ever say illegal immigrants should have a path to citizenship?
Can straining to defecate be lethal?
Did a police officer hand back a weapon after disarming a criminal because of bad habits learned in training?
Was wife of Emperor Bayezid forced to serve naked at a party?
Does butter increase nutrient uptake of other foods, especially compared to using margarine?
Does Lebanon ban the diary of Anne Frank?
Did Native American trackers lose their tracking abilities when their hair was shaved?
"Fable should be taught as fable..." Is this quote from Hypatia a fake?
Does Windows 10 send your voice samples to Microsoft?
Is one guilty until proven innocent in the Mexican legal system?
Pedometers / fitness trackers and setting stride length from your height - how accurate?
Are 95% of Ashley Madison dating site's accounts male?
Is activist Shaun King's biological father African-American?
Does/Did the USA support terrorist organization like IS/ISIS or Al-Qaeda with weapons or money?
Did the Mexican Government publish a manual for how to illegally enter the US?
Does 32 g of Gatorade powder contain 33 g of carbohydrates?
Is very young lamb poisonous?
Was Jean-Hugues Anglade mildly wounded in the Thalys shooting?
Do trackers hold their ears to the ground?
Can reducing DHT by dietary means reduce or reverse hair loss?
Is Snopes.Com funded by George Soros?
Did only 9700 women reply to messages on AshleyMadison.com?
Did Turkey and Greece attempt to gain control of NATO nuclear weapons to use on each other during the Cyprus crisis of 1963-1964?
Can ionizing radiation be seen in videos taken on a mobile phone?
Did Nelson Mandela order the Church Street bombing?
Are there people who do not sleep at all?
Can earthquakes and volcanoes be due or overdue?
Were 53 terrorist attacks thwarted in New York City since September 11, 2001 and June 2015?
Does painting a room pink make it calming?
Did humans kill 50% of the world's trees in the last 100 years?
Do roosters let hens eat first?
Are child slaves used to produce chocolate?
Is measuring the size of a nuclear cloud with your thumb an approximate indication of whether you're in the radiation zone?
Is Russia currently deploying troops to Syria?
Is it plausible that one of the explosions at TianJin was of nuclear origin?
Does one Volcanic eruption release more CFC's into the atmosphere than all man made CFC's combined since their invention?
Do ~25% of Japanese people believe that USSR dropped nuclear bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Are stomach noises normal for healthy stomachs and diets?
Does availability of birth control to adolescents lead to premarital sexual activity?
Does taking birth control pills make you 99.9% protected from pregnancy?
Is the world record for staying in an anechoic chamber an hour or less?
Was it common in the USSR for an enterprise to buy steel knives so to melt down them for steel?
Can the world economic crisis affect Brazil that much as stated by our President?
Did Nike get its slogan "Just do it" from the last words of a murderer facing execution?
Can one hour of TV per day worsen GCSE grades?
Chemtrails : A dangerous govt. plot or just another debunked theory?
Does eating certain food types alter your body temperature?
Did Libyan brides get a USD 90000 dowry from the government?
Did Target send pregnancy-related flyers to people taking folic acid?
Is the FCC planning to restrict installation of custom software on radio-enabled devices?
Did Thomas Edison say "There is no substitute for hard work"?
Has Kim Davis been divorced three times?
Is Elvis the individual who has saved the US healthcare industry the most money in the last 100 years?
Can weight gain be due to underlying health conditions?
Does Lemmy Kilmister from Motörhead have toxic blood?
Is Saudi Arabia funding 200 mosques but not accepting any refugees?
Do Chinese drivers intentionally hit to kill pedestrians (after injuring them)?
Does our subconscious not understand negation?
Does it cost £1.5 to clean up every piece of gum left on UK Streets?
Does Viagra become less effective at tackling Erectile Dysfunction with repeated use?
Can taking Cialis cure Erectile Dysfunction permanently?
Does Coca Cola taste different in glass bottles?
Did Einstein said "God plays dice with universe"?
Have the rich Arab states accepted almost no Syrian refugees?
Did Ratan Tata rebuff an Indian minister asking him to meet with Pakistani businessmen?
Was marriage defined as "selling your daughter for three goats and a cow" in the Bible?
Is Saudi Arabia hosting ~2.5 million Syrian refugees?
Do the Alberta tarsands/oilsands potentially contribute significantly to greenhouse gas emissions?
Were 70,000 caucasians killed in South Africa since Apartheid?
Is any unconscious person capable of full splits?
Did Thomas Edison kill elephant Topsy?
Are Ashkenazi Jews genetically more European than Semitic?
Do Vacuum Constriction Devices (penis pumps) work 50-80% of the time for erectile dysfunction?
Is icing a soft tissue injury helpful to recovery?
Can Danish policemen refuse to provide ID when asked?
Does the Brilliant Blue G food dye halt spinal degeneration?
Did a man from a non-existent country, Taured, appear in a Japanese airport in 1954, and then disappear?
Does Hungary still allow refugees to enter if they accept registration?
Is there a place where kefir is considered an alcoholic beverage?
Did the Center for Naval Analysis recommend that the damaged areas be reinforced on all bombers, creating a famous case of survivorship bias?
Are women's public restrooms dirtier and/or more bacteria-laden than the men's rooms?
Ethnoreligions: what religions explicitly claim heritability?
Does eating bananas prevent eyelid twitching?
Is a giant wolffish the result of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear accident?
Did Donald Trump file for bankruptcy four times?
Did Maggie Smith compare religion to a penis?
Microbeads - Exfoliating and Deadly?
Has the historical average temperature stayed the same since 1980
Did Prime Minister David Cameron commit necrophilia with a pig's head?
Do old dogs run away to die?
Is Donald Trump's ratio of bankruptcy to businesses consistent with the success rate of other entrepreneurs?
Does usage of hair care products lead to male hair loss?
Did the No. 303 Polish Fighter Squadron score the most kills in the Battle of Britain?
Did Columbus have Jewish ancestry?
Does eating sweets cause you to 'spoil your appetite'?
What is 'Dharan(Navel Displacement)' in Scientific terms?
Can you guys help me debunk this anti-gay statement?
Can teasel root cure Lyme?
Can Porn lead to Erectile Dysfunction?
Do Vietnamese schools officially require students to write with their right hands?
What are the effects of a Big Mac on our bodies?
Did Saddam Hussein have a Quran written in blood?
Is there an imbalance between males and females in: problem-solving speed, aptitude to group work and emotional influence on actions?
Are mass-bred chicken fed with hormones or other substances that, when you eat their meat, can have significant negative effect on your health?
Do long-time students at this particular school have an average IQ of 152.6?
Did Howard Hughes store his urine in Mason jars?
Catholic church owns 20% of all real estate in Italy
Was the "Irish ghost video" staged? If so, how?
Did Donald Trump erect a flag on a man-made hill to skirt the law?
Did the Nazis meet in a “gay” bar?
Is Kegel exercise useful for combating erectile dysfunction?
Are there 141 US Counties that have more registered voters than residents?
Are nuclear warheads sold on the black market?
Do different locks ever have the same key?
Would drinking a glass of glyphosate be harmful
Was the original version of the Statue of Liberty of a Black slave?
Are Planned Parenthood videos edited to distort truth?
Is ignoring a bully an effective means to prevent bullying?
Do UV furnace filters kill germs and reduce allergens?
Did Rachel Scott draw This Picture? and was the Picture dreamt about?
Do people fall over when shot because they've seen it on films?
Does deepnet have only 7100 onion sites?
Did a talent show judge a girl based on her belief in God?
Is the "Dr. Visser Seal of Approval" an accurate quality mark for good children's shoes?
Did Philippine farmers vandalise a field of Golden Rice GMO?
Are you more likely to be struck by lightning than to win the lottery?
Did the United States annual free tax credits paid to illegal immigrants quadruple to 4.2 billion in 2011?
Was the oven mitt first developed by Earl Mitt?
Do [US] states with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths?
Are mass murderers in the US mostly white?
does Homeopathy medicine work
Getting ill because of staying in a draft/draught?
Was Martin Luther King taped by the FBI while committing adultery?
Is there one climate model equation or are there many?
Is Triclosan safe for use in toothpaste?
Does birth control decrease gray matter in the brain?
Is there such a thing as a “GPS ID card” or GPS tracking on an ID card?
Was Benedict XVI blackmailed into resignation?
Did Six FBI Agents die before they could testify before the House Select Committee on Assassinations?
Was poisonous gas used during the Sep 2015 Mecca stampede?
Do rice products have high levels of arsenic?
Has 98% of Europe banned water fluoridation?
Has Syria received proportionally more refugees than other countries in recent history?
A century ago, was giving birth a major cause of death?
Have German citizens been evicted to make room for refugees?
Does defecating while sitting cause more strain than squatting?
When asked, "How much is enough?", did John D. Rockefeller say, "One more dollar"?
Does China have motorways with 50 lanes, or at least with 20?
Was the wild west less violent than the current west?
Are child thyroid cancer rates around Fukushima 20—50x higher?
Are elliptical trainers the least accurate cardio equipment for estimating calories burned?
Can blood transfusions lead to neurologic rejuvenation?
Did NATO Air Forces start shooting down Russian fighter jets?
Can nearsightedness be cured with yoga?
Does honey contain traces of alcohol?
Has Russia asked EU to join the Eurasian Economic Union?
Does the Salvation Army pay female pastors?
Is extreme poverty in the world getting worse?
Are fresh tomatoes more healthy than tomato paste?
Does government funded R&D promote economic growth?
Are men naturally inclined to be better at STEM subjects than women?
Did Albert Einstein say "the only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once"?
Did Pope Leo X say that Christianity is a fable?
Water exploding upon microwaving
Did Noam Chomsky make the statement on privatisation that's attributed to him?
Is aspartame a mind control drug?
Is Hitler's book "Mein Kampf" a bestseller in Muslim countries?
Does Arabic graffiti in "Homeland" criticise the show?
Is the skull fragment, said to be Hitler's, from a young woman?
Can microbes live on surfaces with less than 10% humidity?
Are fashion models sexy?
Has a holographic library been found in tunnels under the Bucegi mountains?
In literate countries, does more education lead to more economic growth?
Asch's Conformity Experiment (1951) ; different sources have different results
Did the Nazis kill Jews with gas chambers?
Did Ancient Roman bureaucrats file data only by year?
Can WiFi cause health problems?
Is there a benefit in ingesting cough medicine as a syrup?
Do only 1-4% of the population self-report/self-identify as homosexual?
Is it true that the amount of debt is (always) equal to the amount of credit?
Do bees pollinate 1/3 of the world's food sources?
Are objects such as towels, bank notes, carpets, shopping trolleys and light switches dirtier than a toilet seat?
Is it true that online therapy for mental conditions is as good, if not better, as in person?
Has first cancer case been directly confirmed to Fukushima cleanup?
Did Marilyn Manson kill a chicken on stage?
Is the Treblinka Archaeology study a hoax?
Does Extremely Low Frequency (ELF) radiation induce emotions or hallucinations?
Did Kashpirovsky successfully heal people through psychic healing?
Is Hyland's 4 Kids Cough and Cold medicine effective?
Did Haj Amin al-Husseini tell Hitler to exterminate the Jews?
Is the egg much more active during conception than commonly assumed?
Is a woman more likely to get pregnant by a sperm containing an X chromosome than an Y chromosome?
Are Malays in Malaysia descended from Yunnan, China?
Does ProBiora3 promote tooth and gum health?
Can this new study on aspirin and cancer possibly produce accurate results?
Were Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy the only two presidents who ever attempted to end the Federal Reserve Banking Cartel?
Following the attacks on Benghazi, did "thousands" of Libyan people show their support for Chris Stevens?
Did Assad use chemical weapons in Syria?
Do most women who lose their virginity between 15 and 19 years of age wish they had waited longer?
Did 4 patent holders die in MH370?
What does science say about GM cow research in New Zealand?
Does masturbation increase self-esteem?
Do the plastic shade balls in Los Angeles leach chemicals into water?
Does the E-Kaia device harvest electrical power from small plants?
Did Exxon suppress its own scientific results on climate change?
Is the optimal temperature for human productivity 13°C?
Which typically comes first: basic science or technological advance?
Is the Stockholm Syndrome a real effect?
Is this a photo of the result of a kamikaze attack on a ship in WWII?
Is yellow the most conspicuous color?
Is up to 95% of the human population genetically safe from leprosy?
Do processed meats cause cancer only insomuch as they contain preservatives?
Is it possible to increase the breast size of a woman through massage?
Was the Sphynx at Giza originally carved with an eagle head?
Have Islamic prayers been introduced into Ontario public schools while Christian ones have been removed?
Did China's "One Child Policy" cause or make worse parental gender bias in China?
Could this monk have lived nine days without food, water and sleep?
Can Lithium Ion batteries explode or self ignite?
Is the "Right to Bear Arms" an Individual Right or a State's Right to Defense?
Did early Hamas receive some support from Israel?
Does regular tongue scraping improve overall immune function?
Did political analyst, Larry Sabato ever say "The higher the education level, the more likely they are to vote Democratic."?
Do certain Indian beggars earn in excess of INR 50k per month?
Can a single sperm travel alone to an egg and fertilize it?
Has Sam Harris ever 'sanctified' violence against Muslims?
Is the withdrawal/pull-out method efficient if used correctly?
Is it possible to survive longer without drinking water by eating ants?
Is a higher masturbation frequency correlated with suffering of schizophrenia?
Was Colin Kaepernick listed for sale on Amazon after the November 1st, 2015 loss?
Do saliva glands emit urine?
Is the US the only country where anyone can declare their own candidacy for president?
Does Burmese lack a word for "vagina"?
Is "If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear" a line used by Joseph Goebbels?
Is widespread adoption of the electric car unlikely due to lithium scarcity?
Does Bernie Sanders have more individual donors than any candidate in history?
Did two people in jetpacks fly with an A380?
Did the LDS church make a policy forbidding children of homosexual couples from joining?
Is it fair to say that "everything we think we know about addiction is incorrect"?
Is 2.4GHz IEEE 802.11 (WiFi) Dangerous?
Was the phrase "hello" popularized because of the name of Alexander Graham Bell's wife/girlfriend "Margaret Hello"?
Was X-ray crystallography used in DNA sequencing mostly developed by the wool industry?
Is it more harmful to eat sugary food when sick?
Did Tony Benn say this about "the establishment"?
Was Mozart black?
Do sleeping pills have a comparable mortality hazard ratio as cigarette smoking?
Did Al Pacino say "I asked God for a bike..."?
Is Jeet Kune Do's direct punch method more powerful than traditional punches?
Is Antarctica gaining or losing ice?
Has Saudi Arabia banned 50 names?
Has a human baby's heart started beating only 18 days after conception?
Has a serial killer ever targeted a policeman's family?
Has the Eiffel Tower gone dark in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks?
Is Toms Shoes business model harmful to local businesses of its target area?
Is this comparison of wedge tailed eagles and bald eagles accurate?
Is Columbia's Omni-Heat Reflective technology effective?
Did this Twitter bot predict the Paris shootings 2 days before they happened?
Did Woodrow Wilson say he was a 'most unhappy man' that 'unwittingly ruined' the USA?
Is an anti-Muslim backlash an explicit policy goal of ISIS?
Does injecting Bacillus F improve one's health?
Were more than half of the US soldiers who served in Gulf War I on permanent medical disability by 2000?
Did birth defects in southern Iraq rise enormously after the US war against Iraq?
Does Brain Toniq soft drink improve cognition?
Did a Muslim security guard stop the French stadium bombing?
Is removing hairs from a mole harmful?
Does approving a new generic drug often cost $20 million?
Does Vitamin C in Indian Gooseberry have skincare benefits when applied directly to skin, or when eaten?
Did Putin say: to forgive the terrorists is up to God
Is the cause for the Berkeley Boom "unknown"?
Did 800 children in Hong Kong protest against dolphin hunting in Taiji?
Did radically fewer new banks open after Dodd-Frank was enacted?
Can children with peanut allergies be triggered by the mere presence or smell of peanuts nearby?
Did Senator McCain ever meet ISIS leader al-Baghdadi?
Does milk from Holstein cows cause diabetes?
Did Turkish football fans shout "Allahu akbar" during a pre-match moment of silence for the Paris attacks?
Did BBC change an article title about Israelis shooting dead a Palestinian in a hospital?
is it illegal to coast down a hill in New York State?
Did a Russian Judge meet with Supreme Court Justice Souter?
Did the United States' internment involve Japanese foreign nationals?
Do 3400 Americans die from household firearms every five weeks?
Do "Studies Show Ginger to be More Powerful than Chemotherapy?"
Can all new gasoline vehicles run on E85 ethanol-based fuel?
Do sports drinks such as Powerade and Gatorade help prevent or shorten hangovers?
Did Donald Trump say that muslims should be visibly marked?
Can a human generate a significant amount of electrical energy?
Do setback thermostats cause more energy to be used, and does the heating type matter?
Do rusty nail wounds cause tetanus?
Did Cargo Cults involving the imitation of western society exist?
Does this video show an ISIS car bomb sent flying by an explosion?
Do crystals have healing powers?
Are there 'friendly' fire restrictions programmed into exported (american) weaponry?
Was Ignaty Karpezo buried alive and then found alive?
Are booster shots for pets required annually to maintain rabies immunity?
Does "reverse sound technology" make headphones safer?
Was the Original Statue of Liberty a Muslim Woman?
Are engineers more religious than average faculty?
Is this image of eye colour inheritance accurate?
Did Stephen Hawking say that blackholes don't exist?
Does Shell's "Nitrogen enriched" gas have positive effects?
Have any Freeman of the land applications been successful in court?
Air travel risk vs taxi risk
Does breathing Beijing's air for one hour reduce life expectancy by 20 minutes?
Is AGW a scientific theory?
Were the Paris attackers youths from Syria?
Did the Russian SU-24 enter into Turkish airspace?
Did 12 Michael Jackson fans die by suicide in wake of his death?
Is Turkey trading oil with Islamic State?
Are "the Psychic Twins", Linda and Terry Jamison, psychic?
Does one's personality set in at seven year's old?
Is the Stuxnet worm a government facade?
Can Mormons distinguish Mormons by the texture of their skin?
Did Obama admit training IS?
Did over 1000 people in Haiti report seeing Tupac a week after his death?
What is the source for the supposed "sound of hell"?
Are people who love inspirational quotes less intelligent?
“War never changes”: Fallout or Ulysses S. Grant?
Do trees soak up pollution?
Are there sections across Europe that are so radicalized by Islamic Jihadists that police refuse to go there?
When they say "error rate" for identifying hand writing, do they mean false positives, false negatives, or both?
Does Holmes's Loch Ness video show Nessie?
Did Bill Gates say that vaccines and health care could reduce the population growth by 10-15%?
Do predators assault women in female toilets pretending to be transgender?
Can you tell someone is hungry based on stomach rumbling?
Was a note from a Chinese political prisoner Ting Kun Ding found in a Primark sock?
Do most black scientists come from non elite-universities?
Does the bible explicitly forbide homosexuality?
Do children raised by mothers who choose to conceive as single parents suffer relative to children of traditional nuclear familes?
Did Howard Stephen Berg comprehend 80 pages per minute?
Will storing plastic water containers on concrete cause contamination?
Do peanuts contain high levels of omega-6 fatty acids?
Are people unable to legally immigrate to the United States for a better life?
Did U.K. nuclear power plants of the '80s play a continuous sound and indicate emergency by stopping it?
Does the "Caveman Regimen" reduce the incidence of acne?
Does an e-bike produces only 1/10 carbon emissions for each mile of an conventional electric car?
Did Canadian children sing the Islamic song "Tala'al badru" to welcome Syrian refugees?
Did an American woman give birth to 17 babies at once?
Did the town of Woodland, North Carolina, USA reject a solar plant because of cancer and photosynthesis concerns?
Is the correlation in betwen childhood trauma and addiction stronger than the correlation in between diabetes and obesity?
The candidate with the bigger campain budget is allways elected
Does drinking milk increase risk of death?
Can blow drying be beneficial for hair and scalp health?
Are there US labs that sell testosterone (free) tests for $130?
Is Daniel Tammet a savant?
Thoughts affect water?
Is this what "happiness looks like"?
Is Donald Trump's campaign a false flag?
Does Theranos produce radically cheaper tests for cholesterol than their competitors?
Is Theranos the first laboratory that publishes their prices and lab proficiency-testing scores on their website?
Did Theranos have a test FDA cleared?
Does Theranos offer 200 blood tests at half the Medicare reimbursement rate?
Gun control: are domestic disputes a major cause of gun deaths in the US?
Is the placebo effect getting stronger?
Is Sweden experiencing a "rape epidemic?"
Do 1.4 million Chinese people die each year because of air pollution?
Is the Chinese “Sesame Credit” system a government propaganda tool?
Was Mother Teresa a fanatic and a fraud?
Was a self-driving car pulled over by police for the first time last month (November 2015)?
Has the average standard of living in the United States decreased in recent years?
Did a department store in Tokyo crucify Santa Claus?
Can a "special resistor" save a water heater tank from rust?
Do more than 1/3 of Kansas residents own guns?
If NLP is pseudoscience, (how) can it be used to manipulate people?
Did Puritans punish people for celebrating Christmas?
Did Google's analysis of 41 shades of blue lead to 200 million dollars in extra revenue a year?
Are 3 in 4 attenders at hospital emergency departments on weekends there because of alcohol?
Did two people get arrested for "manspreading"?
Does taking flu vaccinations annually reduce their effectiveness?
Are these homeless people drug addiction figures accurate?
can an acid alkalinize blood
Do almost half of Londoners think that cutting immigration would help London's housing crisis?
Did war veteran, Bob Wieland, crawl across America on his hands?
Has the US given more aid to the average Israeli citizen than the average American citizen?
Does lifting weights inhibit growth in kids?
Can hypnosis be a contributing factor to suicide?
Did Marie Curie say "Nothing in life is to be feared, it's only to be understood."?
Are roses popular on Valentine's Day because they are durable to transport?
Can bee stings be treated with onions?
Protein Per Every Pound You Weigh for optimal muscle building?
Did Edison refuse to pay Tesla, saying "You don't understand our American humor"?
Was there a law ever passed that prevented two trains from proceeding at a crossing?
Are squatting toilets significantly healthier then conventional toilets?
Did Rousseau say that equality of conditions is not possible without slavery?
Could the dinosaurs in the novel Jurasic Park possibly survive in modern climate?
Is urine the cause of redness of eyes (in swimming pools)?
Is the handprint on the Carbon County jail wall uneraseable?
Can StoreDot batteries be charged in two minutes?
Are men genetically programmed to seek multiple sexual partners more than women?
Does washing hands with soap remove more germs than plain water?
Does "startup employee effectiveness follow a power law"?
Does low frequency sound cause people to see apparitions?
Were beavers once classified as fish for religious reasons?
Is a large percentage of Dutch people bothered by cursing?
Was the term "conspiracy theorist" made popular by the CIA?
Were the Cologne attacks under-reported by the German media?
Did Golda Meir make this quote about curfews for women?
Does Manchester United have 659 million fans worldwide?
Has Cologne's city council declared the town center a "no-go" zone for women?
Is Ted Cruz a "natural born" US citizen?
Is the moon artificial?
Are the 2016 UK guidelines on alcohol consumption evidence based?
Can mobile phone cell towers be spoofed in ways that allow interception of calls?
Did a survey of conservative Christians show 85% would disown their child if they turned out to be homo sapiens?
Were German police instructed to give information about crimes committed by refugees to the press only upon request?
Should I refrain from putting my clothes to dry outside on a full moon?
Does laser phototherapy treat male pattern hair-loss?
Do private prisons have 49% more inmate-on-staff attacks than publically run prisons?
Did Frances Coppola tweet about immigration opponents organising the Cologne sex crimes?
"The Vietnamese plant rice, the Cambodians watch it grow and the Lao listen to it grow."
Did Microsoft say that our attention spans are less than that of a goldfish?
Is Stack Exchange the only major network where moderators are democratically elected?
Does doubling the atmospheric pressure make its gases toxic to humans?
Is wireless charging harmful?
Is adult life expectancy the same in hunter-gatherer tribes and in industrialized societies?
Does not wearing a coat when it's "cold" out make you sick?
Is it dangerous to run with scissors?
Do LED light bulbs last as long as claimed by the manufacturers?
Does lavender repel moths?
Does winning the lottery increase odds of committing suicide?
Were these 'Communist Rules for Revolution' written in 1919?
Did Boeing and Douglas know about the dangers of square windows before the Comet accidents?
Can classes reduce unconscious racial bias?
Do loopholes in the Great Wall face the China side?
Did George Washington say it was impossible to govern without the Bible?
Did ancient Peru use electroplating?
Is a child raised bilingually more likely to have a language delay?
Do 22% of Muslim women in the UK speak little or no English?
Is Spain ”the second most mountainous country in Europe”?
Do nails and hair continue to grow after death?
Did Francois Valentijn say that Malay language in 16th century was understood by even people living in Persia and beyond?
Is the poison of the Giant Monkey Frog one of the strongest antibiotics ever found?
Are American courts and federal agencies foreign-controlled private corporations?
Are 41% of Donald Trump supporters in favor of bombing Agrabah (the country from Aladdin)?
Have local/state common law courts been replaced with federal martial/maritime courts in the US?
Are the ABA and IRS foreign-owned private debt collection agencies?
Are those born in the US considered non-citizen wards of the state and/or corporations?
Does turning off a light truly help the environment?
Does regular earplug usage come with health risks?
Is it dangerous for vaccinated children to be around unvaccinated children?
Is eating food with your bare hands more tasty?
Is it illegal to leave your house without underwear in Thailand?
Any scientific evidence that bubble wrap on windows lowers energy bills?
Do 80% of people "hate their job"?
Is it harmful to sip a little alcohol in the cold?
Have more U.S. senators been arrested for sexual misconduct in bathrooms than trans women?
Do 30% of seniors get a heart attack each year?
Does UAE screen people with HIV/AIDS at the airport?
Did Gandhi supporters block trains by lying down in front of them?
Does innovation or productivity per resident increase by 15 percent, every time the size of a city doubles?
Was this Jet Blue airplane snowed in?
Does Paracetamol reduce fever?
Was ISIS created by the USA?
Does locking one's knees lead to fainting?
Is this video of someone dodging cars authentic?
Do men feel threatened by intelligent women?
Were the Ten Commandments taken from the Egyptian Book of the Dead?
Is breastfeeding while drunk dangerous?
Have only 5% of U.S. inmates received a trial?
Did Hillary Clinton admit in her memoirs to creating ISIS?
Can the Ocumetic bionic lens give flawless vision?
Do women always bleed from the hymen when losing their virginity?
Did Soviet soldiers commit two million rapes of German women in 1945?
Do L-lysine supplements help cold sore outbreaks?
Do mirrors decrease perceived waiting time
Were lawn jockey statues used to indicate stops on the Underground Railroad?
Can magnetic resonance through TV and cell phones control your mind and emotions?
Is "Syphilis: All of these men have it" a WWII propaganda poster?
Does jet fuel have a maximum burning temperature of 980 °C?
Is this a photo of Margaret Hamilton standing next to Apollo Project code that she wrote?
Have humans been entirely at peace for 268 out of the last 3400 years?
Did the average Linux Symposium T-Shirt size increase from 1999 to 2008?
Is Belgium restarting a nuclear reactor that suffered a fire and explosion and contains 16,000 cracks, without safety checks?
Is using vim faster than a mouse-based editor for source code?
Was this "Buy a wife from Vietnam" advert genuine?
In the UK, are young white men the most derided ethnic/gender/age group?
Is the Zika virus a serious threat?
Does Ubuntu have 40 million users?
Do 5 percent of cancer patients in the U.S. end up in a clinical trial?
Did Native American have a Zodiac-like birth sign tradition?
Was the Brazilian Zika virus outbreak centered in a place where GMO mosquitoes were released?
Eagles vs. drones: Are Dutch police training drone-hunting eagles?
Are annual contributions to carbon in the atmosphere due to human activities increasing by 6% per annum?
Does stopping antibiotics early increase risk of antibiotic-resistant bacteria spreading?
Is the use of antibiotics justified for respiratory viral infections?
Is sex only mentioned in one of the 200 tantric scriptures?
Do gay individuals' voices sound different than straight individuals?
Does the Graston Technique effectively treat limited mobility due to scar tissue?
Are piracy rates for PC games often 85-90 percent in 2016?
Do Lovoo and Ashley Madison use chatbots ("fembots") to flirt with male customers?
Does smoking tobacco increase work capacity?
Is catnip ten times more effective at repelling mosquitoes than DEET?
Is soap foam better for cleaning than soapy water?
Did NASA receive a tax refund on a diamond window when it left the Earth aboard a space probe?
Are Australian Teachers only paid for 25 hours/week?
Are skin moles linked to telomere length?
When was Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl deployed to Afghanistan?
Were there ice-cold whiskey vending machines in the 1950s?
Microbeads - needless and damaging?
Is ISIS committing genocide against the Yazidis?
Does the average American eat 7,000 animals during their lives?
In fields dominated by white males, do white women impede full equality?
Have the Clintons received $153 million in speaker fees?
Does copper react differently with different people?
Does the cardboard box cost more than the corn in cornflakes?
Did Chipotle give away free burritos on Feb 8, 2016?
Do lactic acid and licorice improve skin tone and appearance?
Was Julius Caesar good at multitasking?
Does the tradition of Sabbath originate from the Babylonian rest day Sapattu?
Can a person end up with a masculine jaw line from chewing gum?
Is duct tape an effective treatment for warts?
Does low-calorie/ high-protein diet + fitness regime allow simultaneous muscle growth and fat loss?
Does the "Sono" system for noise canceling on a window work?
Do researchers receive no income from revenues arising from their published papers?
Was a new deep learning toolkit released once every 22 days in 2015?
Is Colloidal Silver an effective medical treatment?
Can google misuse important information from my documents?
Are organic vegetables higher in carcinogens?
Does eating birds' nests stimulate the regeneration of cells?
Is Ativan addictive?
Do cold baths prevent flu?
How common are air marshals?
Are these entrances in Antarctica evidence of secret underground facilities?
Is AD/HD over diagnosed within the US
Do pulses of lunar waves traverse across the moon?
What is the cause of Brazil's microcephaly outbreak?
Did Donald Trump say republicans are the dumbest voters in the country?
Is there any DNA evidence that show that Chinese discovered America before Columbus?
Do iOS developers earn more than Android developers?
Does rabies in humans cause aggression?
Is Islam the fastest growing religion in the world?
Is castoreum, from "a beaver's butt", used for substitute vanilla flavoring?
Does placing metal inside the microwave damage the microwave?
Was Napoleon Bonaparte short?
Does alum heal canker sores (mouth ulcers)
Is New York City Council considering making public urination legal?
Do these photos from the Civil Rights Era show Bernie Sanders?
Is the chance of an obese person attaining normal body weight 1 in 210 for men and 1 in 124 for women?
Does low-dose radiation from X-rays or CT scans cause cancer?
Can commercial super glue hold several tons of weight?
Can Hemp free us from oil dependency?
Does glyphosate herbicide break down into more toxic substances in the environment?
Do veterans account for one in seven homeless US adults?
Did just 18 people die from prostate cancer in Japan in 1958?
Do fruits and vegetables sold in supermarkets taste worse than those grown on local farms?
Are artificial football pitches linked to cancer?
Does stress cause hair to go grey?
Do large companies pay for shills?
Do "nightshades" and tomatoes cause inflammation?
Is there a link between strabismus and psychiatric illness?
Do frozen foods remain safe indefinitely?
Can alcohol trigger insomnia?
Is Barack Obama descended from slaves?
Did Bernie Sanders never "earn a steady paycheck" before 40?
Is the increase in microcephaly in brazil caused by the zika virus?
Is this protest sign referring to Europe?
Is Obama the first U.S. President to skip the funeral of a sitting Justice?
Does water always boil at 100°C under normal atmospheric pressure?
Did Food Prices Spur the Arab Spring?
Do the older slower wolves lead a wolf pack?
Is dream interpretation superstitious?
Has Barack Obama achieved these goals in the last six years?
Is Reiki scientifically valid/proven?
Is there an anti-masturbation dolphin mascot named Fappy who was arrested for public masturbation at Sea World?
Did Leopold Godowsky perform the entire 19th Century piano repertoire?
Can aircraft be hacked and "commandeered remotely"?
Do people's backs arch when receiving an electric shock?
Does the 3M mouse pad extend battery life up to 50% or 75%?
Did the FBI not require assistance from Apple to unlock the San Bernadino terrorist's phone?
Did the German navy use UV lights for communication from submarines?
Geico "Call us 75 years from now" radio commercial
Is the NYC Financial district build on top of an African slave burial ground
Do these household substances repel wasps?
Did civilian fatalities in wartime climb from 5% in the 1900s to over 90% in the 1990s?
Can Clonazepam (Klonopin) use result in addiction?
Did Al Gore invent the internet?
Can one permanently enlarge their breasts with the use of a breast pump?
Was there a time when the RSL banned Japanese cars from their carparks?
Have two out of only 27 Muslim refugees in Japan been arrested for sexual assault?
Does Netherlands accept child marriages registered in the country of origin?
Can the human sense of touch work at the atomic scale?
Are there around S$800 billion unaccounted for in Singapore's public finances?
Is most of London's air pollution 'is caused by drivers from outside the capital'?
Does the See Clearly Method of vision improvement work?
Did the Trump family change its name from Drumpf to Trump?
Does 70% of our brains cells change every day? If yes, how significant is that?
Do the ulna and radius in the left arm take up more volume than the ulna and radius in the right arm?
Studies on Nominative determinism (That persons name plays a role in his life)?
Did 800 people estimate the weight of an ox within 1% in 1906?
Does PMS cause mood swings?
Do cheetahs die after sprinting for 30 seconds?
Did almost half of 1000 adults fail a fifth-grade math test?
Is this picture of Trump making people swear to vote for him genuine?
Did the Special Virus-Cancer Program (SVCP) exist?
Did Aldous Huxley turn out to be reciting not reading when lecturing on the Bates Method?
Can you charge your phone using a non-electrified railway?
Does the 7speedreading software allow people to read over three times as fast?
Does Flint have a much lower rate of lead poisoning than it had two decades ago?
Are there more pedophiles in the Catholic Church than other religions, or professions
If one man is shot in the head while holding a gun to another man, can the former get a shot off on the latter?
Does hair fall first from the top of head because of reduced blood supply due to lack of movement?
Is the "Alpha Wolf" theory debunked?
Minorities and Prejudice.
Does the Facebook smartphone app listen to users through the installed phone's microphone?
Is it possible to bake a cake with a phone inside, leaving the phone intact?
Is Giardiasis a significant risk of drinking untreated water in pristine backcountry areas in North America?
Did Apple help the Chinese government unlock thousands of iPhones?
Does short hair reduce (or mark reduced) sex drive in women?
Does the gorilla, Koko, have an IQ in the range 70-95?
Is prone masturbation harmful?
Were there cases of protesters starting violence at Trump rallies?
Is this document describing pedophile logos an authentic FBI document?
Do most patients with chronic fatigue syndrome have low thyroid activity?
Does drinking hot tea (or hot drinks) help when you're sick?
Is 8% of human DNA from viruses?
Did Steve Jobs compare Apple's market share with BMW, Mercedes-Benz's and Porsche?
Until 2016, did Germany require rape victims to physically resist their attackers?
Does a tax on drinks with high sugar content reduce sugar consumption?
Did Charles Dickens write this quote about Husayn ibn Ali?
Does supplementation of garlic/allicin reduce the risk of catching the common cold significantly?
Did Ed Trice force the rescoring of a national standardized math test?
Does apple cider vinegar repel fleas?
Are 100 million sharks culled per year for safety reasons?
Did Ehrlichman claim the reason for the Nixon drug war was to criminalize black people and hippies?
Does the US spend more on prisons than public education?
Can MSG be made from petroleum
Were videos of the Flydubai Flight 981 crash published before the official crash time?
Did Sky TG24 broadcast video misattributed to be the 2016 Brussels attack?
Does using a fluoride-based toothpaste or fluoride-supplemented tap water lead to higher fluoride concentration in the pineal gland?
Can you measure the quality of fish oil by trying to dissolve styrofoam?
Did "The Boy in Striped Pyjamas" have this quote, which has been compared to Trump's slogan?
Is the first stall of a public restroom the cleanest?
Does taking birth control pills alter your preferences for a partner?
Have jumping vault gymnasts improved immensely in the past 80 years?
Did Russian scientists manage to remove black skin from a man?
Is this statement about crime in restrooms accurate?
Are the outcomes of evolution too improbable to have occurred in the Earth's lifetime?
Will cooking with a Lucky Iron Fish add dietary iron to food?
Has the Gympie Gympie tree driven humans to commit suicide because of the pain from its sting?
Does caffeine from cold brew coffee get absorbed slower than normal coffee?
Do dogs tend to distrust men with beards?
Are 1 in 12 men color blind?
Did Borat originate the notion that Jews shape shift?
Do antidepressants cause brain damage?
Does the U.S. government spend four times as much on welfare as it would take to eliminate poverty by giving the necessary cash?
Do over 20 countries have zero tax, but high-quality services?
Cholesterol Lowering Statins
Does the IntelliGender gender prediction test have 78% accuracy?
Do overpopulated rats have extremely high infant mortality rates caused by competition and stress?
Are imported, machine slaughtered meats served to pilgrims in Mecca?
Have ISIS publicly expressed a desire to bring on the End of Days?
Is it dangerous to feed powder-based infant formula that has been left at room temperature for more than two hours?
Did the ancient Egyptians call aloe vera "the plant of immortality"?
Did Homo sapiens have children with Neanderthals?
Did Persian rug makers traditionally include deliberate imperfections?
Are the Vitamins L1 and L2 necessary for rats to lactate?
Does fluoride supplementation lead to girls reaching puberty at a lower age?
Does Propolis in toothpaste protect the gums and the mouth area?
Are rich, black kids imprisoned more often than poor, white kids, in the USA?
Does the H-1B visa program cause a net decrease in the employment prospects of skilled U.S. job applicants in STEM fields?
Can 100 bicycles be made from the materials used to build one car?
Did "thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife" originally refer not to sex but to housework?
Are there approved drugs where it's unknown how they work?
Is 95% of the body's serotonin found in the bowels?
Did Herodotus call Egypt the "Gift Of The Nile"?
Is there evidence from controlled trials that tracheostomy works?
Is there evidence from controlled trials that automatic external defibrillation can start a stopped heart?
Does science advance "one funeral at a time"?
Can Zipf's power law be applied to the population of European cities?
Do high-fat diets causes heart disease?
Is it illegal in Germany to waste food at a restaurant?
Does over-training reduce muscle mass?
Does Himalayan Salt have positive effects on the pH balance inside the human body?
Are recent claims from India of a car fueled by water and calcium carbide legitimate?
Was this photo of MH370 captured after disappearance?
Was snowboarder Kelly Murphy chased by a bear?
Does standard table salt contain anti-caking agents that prevent salts from disolving in our body?
Were the measles outbreaks of this decade caused by people not vaccinating?
Did a lack of Muslims in Japan help prevent a 2002 AQ terrorist attack?
Did Einstein speak some unknown last words to his nurse?
Did Gandhi sleep naked with girls when he was elderly?
Is it illegal in Iowa to kiss longer than 5 minutes?
Do married cancer patients have lower death rates than single cancer patients?
Was the Gandhi in the Indira Gandhi name just a coincidence?
Was the Earth one big ocean once?
Is Michelle Obama a transgender woman?
Was Sun's distance mentioned correctly in "Hanuman Chalisa", the 16 th century poem?
Are phone calls unencrypted and forced by law to be unencrypted in India?
Did a computer server get accidentally walled in?
Does raising your body's temperature help cure flu?
Was Ankit Fadia appointed as ambassador of Digital India campaign by Indian government?
Could candy crush in-app purchases gross revenue keep over a million children fed in africa?
Can you use a normal Ball Point pen in space?
Can magnets be used to clean laundry?
Has there been no global warming for 18 years?
Will sleep deprivation kill you faster than starvation?
Does sleeping together naked help stay warm?
Is Canadian PM Trudeau's explanation about quantum computing accurate?
Does iodine prevent cancer?
Does the delegate system in the US make it possible to in any way shape or form financially benefit delegates for their vote?
Do informed, alert communities increase national safety?
Is the CDC engaged in a coverup regarding the Haiti cholera epidemic?
Do strobes on top of school buses improve safety?
Does a pear contain 600 times more formaldehyde than a vaccine?
Does Boltzmann's tombstone have "S = k log w" engraved on it?
Islamic and non-islamic terrorism: casualties
Does the Constitution of Bhutan state that 60% of Bhutan must be forested?
Is Aspartame being added to regular Coke?
Did a court rule that advertising claims by S&P that it has credibility and reliability aren't supposed to be taken seriously?
Does legalizing drugs (controlled substances) actualy lead to a decrease in their use?
Was Stonehenge built in the 1950s?
Do antibiotics weaken your immune system?
In 2014, did nearly half of all Americans believe in Creationism?
Was dark matter invented to explain the formation of primordial stars?
Did St. Augustine say God was busy preparing hell for people who ask about what was He doing before creation?
Did Einstein secretly swap roles with his driver?
Is 2016 cursed for celebrities?
Did Obama remove a Winston Churchill bust from the oval office?
Did Mike Webster pull out and glue in his own teeth?
Are the last two primaries and caucuses won by Hillary Clinton under investigation for major voting irregularities?
Is this picture of a bent propeller genuine?
Can cell phones be turned on remotely for surveillance by the NSA?
Has there ever been a company that has called their paperboys "Media Distribution Officers"?
Are paedophiles treated differently by other prisoners?
Can anxiety increase body odor?
Can one generate enough electricity from a plant to power a cellphone?
Is it safe to drink water from a bottle after exposure to xrays?
What is the source for these brain scan images?
Does Belarusian milk contain strontium-90 at levels above safety standards?
Does drinking water right after waking up reduce sleepiness?
Is 50% of happiness determined by genetics?
Will Europe soon have more Muslims than Christians?
Are these human rights in the UK derived from the ECHR?
Do people make 35000 decisions a day?
Are there only two remaining Holocaust gas chambers?
Did Hitler support zionism?
Are these logos properly attributed to their original users?
Are black Americans responsible for more than 50% of homicides?
Are five million Muslims marching on to Europe?
Is this video of harassment in an elevator staged?
Do aluminum-based antiperspirants cause cancer?
Are 30% of all putative fathers who take paternity tests not the biological father of their children?
Is the origin of the phrase "suck it up" referring to WWII pilots?
Can an iron + steam remove "heat stains" from a wood table?
Does this video show a water droplet in gravitational orbit?
Was a working prototype of the Warburtons toastie knife ever produced?
Does alcohol make you warmer?
Does a boxspring offer advantages over slats?
Are red-heads going extinct?
Is austerity effective at boosting an economy's growth or reducing a country's debt?
Can a person lose weight by being cold?
Was singer Taio Cruz's birth name Adetayo Ayowale Onile-Ere?
Is the same hep C medicine available for 900$ in India and 84000$ in the United States?
Are the vast majority of vegans Vitamin B12 deficient?
Does olive oil damage endothelial cells?
Someone told me elephants can be mean to each other. Are they?
Could Neolithic people outrun modern athletes?
Can all administrative procedures except getting married or getting divorced be done online in Estonia?
Are American media controlled mostly by Jews? (2015 edition)
Is medical error the third leading cause of death in the US?
Is Leicester City winning the English Football premiership the most improbable single event in betting history?
How old is Judaism?
Is owning a bible punishable by death in North Korea?
Do Qur'an verse counts correspond to the moon landing date and take-off time from the surface of moon?
Does global warming even exist?
Has a bone marrow transplant caused confusion in criminal investigations?
"One year without beef saves 3432 trees"
Are a large proportion of programming job applicants unable to implement FizzBuzz?
Did toddlers with guns claim more American lives than terrorism in 2015?
Did Babbage write programs for the Analytical Engine prior to Lovelace?
Are vegetarians more intelligent?
Is the New Testament significantly corrupted from its originally intended form?
Does any high fructose corn syrup remain in bread after baking?
Was the Jewish flag one of only two flags allowed in Nazi Germany?
Did the Mayans believe the Earth was flat?
Can 3D ocean farms provide food and biofuel far more sustainably than other sources?
Do celebrities have their body parts insured?
Has a fifteen year old from Canada discovered a hidden Mayan city?
Do mechanical pencils cause problems on standardized tests?
Are there 14,000 abandoned wind turbines in the USA?
Was Glyn Barrett invited to speak at a meeting for an atheist society in Cambridge?
Is Arsenic Essential to Life?
Are people on average more likely to die in an extinction event than in a car crash?
Does fluoridation and chlorination in the US cause thyroid issues?
Did Donnie Yen beat up eight men in one fight?
Did the United States provide weapons to YPG members in 2015?
Does soaking in natural hot springs have any health benefits when compared to soaking in heated non-spring water?
Is this photo of a person with Ukrainian flags, swastikas, and a Super Mario T-shirt genuine?
Lung cancer due to inhaling oily steam in the restaurant kitchen for a long period of time
Did Lenin say "a lie told often enough becomes the truth"?
Do we dream every night?
Are fruits better than processed fruit juices?
Does broccoli have a nervous system?
Is the "Light Walker" dentist's tool effective at many issues?
Was a mirage involved in the Titanic's sinking?
Was Hitler the father of Obama?
Did the U.S. Army treat a President's cold using chlorine gas?
Did Crimean Tatars collaborate with Nazi Germany's crimes against humanity?
Does preservative and pesticides in food prevent corpses from rotting?
Does the right eye feed information to the left brain hemisphere while the left eye feeds information to the right brain hemisphere?
Do male human brains have better global efficiency than female human brains and female brains have better local efficiency in the right hemisphere?
Do supermarkets spray fruit to keep it from rotting?
Can audio played during REM sleep improve recall?
Is exercise on a full stomach more effective at burning Calories?
Does a child die from malaria every two minutes?
Is Russia generations ahead in hypersonic missile development?
Does alcohol help with HDL cholesterol level?
Does a SSD only store data for 3 months without power?
Are the top selling prescription drugs only effective for one in five patients?
Do certain colors fatigue eyes faster?
Do dealers give free drugs to teenagers?
Do artificial sweeteners raise the risk of diabetes?
Is Warren Buffett the "only ... man in history [who] has invested billions of dollars of other people’s money successfully over the long run"?
Is the Flat Earth Society for real?
Did Alan Turing commit suicide, or is it possible his death was an accident?
Does banning fictional portrayal of child abuse reduce actual child abuse?
Did Obama apologize for the USA using nuclear weapons on Japan?
Is Google using ReCaptcha as a free source of human-intelligent labour?
Is it possible for a working person remain healthy just by 4 hours sleep a day?
Are there more women in government in Afghanistan than America?
Did Stalin kill more than 10 million People?
Does Daylight Savings Time lead to an increase in car accidents and work related injuries the week afterwards?
Penis Growth After Puberty Possible
What is the relationship between Chirimoya fruit and cancer?
Did people run through the military graveyards at Verdun?
Did Tanya Plibersek call ISIS "not a terrorist organisation"?
Is there an EU regulation which says flags must be from non-flamable material?
Were the Dene people unaware they had mined ore for the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki until the 1990s?
Does Migaloo Submarines sell private submersible yachts?
Did Germany produce so much renewable electricity on May 8th 2016 that their power prices went negative?
Do the English eat "pork" instead of "pig" because they were servants of the French?
Will half of the human population born in 1960 develop cancer?
Does diversity improve organisational performance?
Would anyone other than Hillary Clinton be imprisoned for improper data access?
Was a misplaced decimal point responsible for the popular belief that spinach has a lot of iron?
Was Ignaz Semmelweis ignored by the medical community when he advocated hand washing?
Did Patrick Matthew came up with the theory of natural selection before Charles Darwin?
Is this true that addictions happen due to lack of bonding?
Can Black Seed Cure Any Disease?
Do consumer computers include components that can connect to the internet when the computer is apparently turned off?
Can the oxygen levels in a polluted city be as low as 11%?
Can humans digest the iron present in spinach?
Does a lack of radiation shadows disprove the Big Bang Theory?
Is sexual harassment of girls increasing in schools?
Does aluminium hydroxide provoke allergies?
Does Michio Kaku claim he has found proof of God's existence?
Did people blaspheme deliberately to be tried in the Medieval European Inquisition courts instead of other secular courts?
Is this measurement of data to grains of rice accurate?
Is there a link between ADHD and drinking fluoridated water?
Did 'Key Parties' ever exist?
Do Duracell batteries last longer than normal batteries?
Is part of Himalayan mountain Kangtega a secret base?
Did Christians kill thirty to fifty times as many people in political violence as Muslims in the 20th century?
Did Google censor autosuggest results for Hillary Clinton?
Has the United States had 7 mass shootings in the past week?
Are humans descended from chimp-pig hybrids?
Do bears get a taste for human flesh?
Do hockey players sniff smelling salts?
Did Pablo Reyes post a Facebook update that predicts the future?
Did the Orlando mass shooter attend gay night clubs and use a gay dating app?
Does the Silva method of meditation enable transcendence of pain?
Does fluoridated water increase the risk of fractures amongst osteoporosis patients?
Does the Eco-Cooler reduce temperatures in tin huts by around 5° Celsius, compared to simple windows?
Is this graph of "mass shootings" backed up by reliable data?
Do sandwiches taste better when someone else makes them?
Is the NSA installing surveillance codes in iPhones by calling Sprint customers?
Do trains/boats/planes involved in accidents have a lower occupancy?
Did Einstein say this about his marriage?
Is coconut oil effective as a toothpaste or in promoting oral health?
Was the vertical cannonshot related by Samuel Rowbotham ever performed?
Do Republican legislatures tend to relax gun laws after mass shootings?
Does this video show the US arming Islamic State?
Was child porn found in the possession of Michael Jackson?
Does the UK send the EU £350 million a week?
Any explanation for the Shaolin stomach bowl trick (besides Chi energy)?
Is Edge (significantly) better than Chrome for laptop battery life?
Does cow urine contain gold?
Does playing electronic games interfere with a child's healthy dopamine response?
Does the STS103-734-73 NASA picture show another spacecraft?
Did Kali Muscle weigh 99 pounds when he was 16 years old?
Did Democrats protest lack of vote on a bill that ACLU argued as "undermining civil liberties"?
Did the term "meritocracy" originate in a dystopian satire?
Are sexual/romantic characteristics correllated with blood type?
Did this woman die of a heart attack?
Do EnChroma glasses "cure" color-blindness?
Did Kim Davis just want her name removed from the marriage licenses?
Did the UK slip to sixth largest world economy from fifth, less than 24 hours after the EU referendum vote?
Will global warming reduce available oxygen?
Did Washington Post report US diplomats claiming that Russian agents break in their home and shat on their carpets?
Did Hamza Tzortzis have a paid account on the Ashley Madison web-site?
Are warts always killed by the body's own immune system?
Did Martin Schulz say that it is not the EU philosophy that the crowd can decide its fate?
Has freedom of movement of people lead to a reduction in wages and worsening of working conditions in the UK?
Are there 80,000 unoccupied residential properties in Melbourne, Australia?
Has ISIS and Al Qaeda sent out a message telling their terrorists to only attack white people?
Did Kiranjit Kaur set herself ablaze?
Does the use of electronic health records make physicians less efficient at performing their job?
Did pro-Israel Americans convince the U.S. to initiate the Iraq War?
Do 60% of Americans believe a third major political party is needed?
Did an IBM manual say: "Undetected errors are ignored"
Does swearing give people the impression that you are from a lower social class?
Do women pay more than men when buying cars?
Does voice stress analysis work for Lie Detection?
Are the birth-control hormones present in the drinking water?
Did Tony Yahle die and come back to life?
Do 1.5 million children die from pollution?
Does writing about achieving future goals provide health benefits?
Did a German party ask a Holocaust denier to assess the antisemitism of a party member?
Can a trained person write twice as fast on a Velotype keyboard as they can on a traditional keyboard?
Is the average lifespan of a trans woman 30-32 years?
Does 80-90% of the environmental and health damage a car causes come from manufacturing?
Can a fingerprint be replicated to fool a security system?
Are foaming soap dispensers as effective as regular liquid soap dispensers?
Were Spaniards threatened with terrorist attacks by an ISIS leader if they didn't vote Unidos Podemos?
The problem with freezing oil gun for the firearms
Are countries that have kings and queens empirically freer and more socially just than countries that don't?
Do many of the most common foods in Australia have a halal emblem?
Is the Dome of Rock the oldest Islamic building in existence?
Is aluminum foil safe to use with food?
Is brushing your teeth after vomiting dangerous for your teeth?
Do 62% of gay men diagnosed with AIDS practice unsafe sex?
Is palm oil bad for health?
Is "No Religion" world's fastest growing religion?
Do Nervana earphones stimulate the vagus nerve to enhance mood?
Does 58% of Qatar's population live in 'labour camps'?
Does taking paracetamol when pregnant cause autism?
Are African Americans victims of a disproportionate number of police killings?
Did plane crasher Andreas Lubitz look for gay porn?
Does this map show every car bomb explosion in Baghdad since 2003?
Was text messaging originally developed for deaf people?
Did an Indian king claim to witness the moon split?
Did Yasir al-Ajlawni declare that it is lawful to rape any "non-Sunni Syrian woman"?
Do Danish and Canadian militaries exchange gifts on a disputed island?
Is it easier for a teenager to get their hands on a gun than a computer or a book?
Is this claim about 3-D printed rhino horns accurate?
What are the chances of female-to-male HIV transmission during straight sex?
Why do Syrian refugees try to reach the UK instead of settling for another EU country?
Did Mesoamericans eat Chihuahua dogs?
After 9/11 did the police find a fuel calculator with a copy of the koran belonging to one of the Hijackers?
Were the majority of people at the Pulse nightclub killed by police?
Does the Italian mafia account for 7% of Italy's GDP?
Did China plant 66 billion trees since 2003?
Did Albert Einstein say "Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler"?
Does having a spoon in the cup keep your coffee hot for longer?
Is the number of Muslims correlated with terrorist attacks?
Did ARM sell more chips in 2015 than Intel has in its entire history?
Carbon 14 in Coal
Does sharing earphones increase the risk of middle ear infections?
Does the President of the United States have the ability to deploy nuclear weapons at will?
Is Dr Manahel Thabet one of the 21 Smartest People in the World?
Were American female soldiers in Iraq or Afghanistan more likely to be raped by their fellow soldiers than attacked by the enemy?
Can cell phones be remotely converted into listening devices?
Is an amber background color better for reading at night?
Was the ancient Indian city of Mohenjo-daro destroyed by a nuclear weapon?
Does Asclepias gigantea cause blindness?
Does washing salad remove E-coli?
Do we "live" further in the past based on how tall we are?
Are The Young Turks Funded by George Soros?
Was Obama's JAMA paper the first academic journal article authored by a sitting president?
What are the chances of female-to-male SOA/STD transmission during straight sex
What happens if cow is not milked?
Are towers being built in China that can turn smog into diamonds?
Apple cider vinegar in bone broth soup extract minerals and nutrients
Do only 49% of Americans know which country bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
Does drawing diagrams lead to 36% higher scores when solving science problems?
Was electricity ever free in Gaddafi's regime?
Should a tick be removed by pulling (with tweezers)?
Did a 16-year-old high-school girl in Iran produce nuclear energy at her home in 2007?
Does eating multiple small meals boost metabolism?
Can this Indian teenager resist 11kV electric shocks without dying?
Did Eric Trump say Melania is smarter than Michelle Obama?
Was there a molecular test of Lanciano and Buenos Aires Eucharistic miracles?
Did Hillary Clinton ask L.F. de Rothschild "what penance" she owed her?
Do small businesses that are on the Internet grow twice as fast?
Is microwaving Styrofoam hazardous/toxic/unhealthy?
Are these statements about Trump accurate?
Is GcMAF effective against Cancer and Autism?
Do 42% of young muslims in France support suicide bombings?
Did Nazi Germany use the German census in its targeting of minorities
Did Donald Trump say this about Republicans?
Is this photo of a LGBT protest march digitally faked?
Are wages stagnant over the past 40 years in the USA?
Did David Prowse do the lightsaber duel in Star Wars?
Did Augustine of Hippo warn Christians to beware mathematicians?
What is happening in this photo?
Are the Apollo astronauts experiencing heart disease at a higher than average rate?
Does radiation from sleeping next to your smartphone affect your brain patterns negatively?
Is this graph of changes in real wages since the recession correct?
Did Mao say "There is great chaos under heaven - the situation is excellent"
Can you determine the gender of a baby by the shape of the mother's belly?
Are 55,400 people injured or killed by US police every year?
Are one-third of human deaths from "poverty-related causes"?
Is it true that 4th century Christians "destroyed all they could reach of ancient learning"?
Methane inside colon catching fire during a colonoscopy?
Are thousands of Islamic terrorists entering the United States?
Did 9% of the US population decide our presidential nominees are going to be Clinton and Trump?
Is Fructose the #1 source of obesity in the United States today?
Did soldiers of Alexander's army settle in Malana?
Did the Hague Tribunal exonerate Slobodan Milošević for Bosnia War Crimes
Did trevor smith found a cure of cancer?
Did Skydiver Luke Aikins jump 25000 feet without parachute?
Is biochemical transmutations of elements possible?
Did fewer Jews die of the Black Plague because of ritual washing?
Are fat people kidnapped less frequently?
Did Stalin personally tell Churchill that "the great bulk" of "10 millions" people were "wiped out" during collectivization?
Does the body get rid of alcocol first before metabolizing food?
Does the WHO recognise acupuncture as effective?
Did Alexei Ananenko, Valeri Bezpalov, and Boris Baranov die of radiation poisoning?
Can a person submerge their hands in hot frying oil without adverse effects?
Did Iranian media pixelate most of a female beach volleyball player?
Are refugees in the UK holidaying in the countries they fled from?
Does exposure to cold make body fat easier to burn?
Did Iranians kill "the scientist who helped the US"?
Was the Australian Bureau of Statistics website "attacked"?
Does cupping have medical benefits?
Has fracking caused tap water to become flammable?
Does nearly half the world's population live on less than $2 a day?
Is there good evidence of sitting being unhealthy?
Is a vegan diet nutritionally complete and suitable for babies?
Has the CERN LHC Muon Detector caused mini singularities within Earths atmosphere?
Has Any Conspiracy Theory Turned Out To Be True?
Did Seth Rich give Wikileaks the DNC leak emails?
Can iron supplements help underdeveloped infants catch up?
Were Irish prisoners shipped to America as slaves?
Are German families migrating in some noticeable number to theoretically non-Muslim-friendly countries because of fear of Muslims?
Did Albert Einstein never learn to drive?
Has Google Maps represented Palestine as a country in the past?
Have edible jars of honey been found in thousand-year-old Egyptian tombs?
Did NASA refuse to pay a $400 fine for littering caused by the deorbiting of Skylab?
Did Vince Foster take his own life?
Was John Ashe about to testify about Clinton before he died of a crushed throat?
Did Shawn Lucas die a month after he served the DNC a lawsuit alleging “fraud and other claims”?
Do scorpions sting themselves to death if they can't escape a threat?
Did Hillary Clinton refuse to designate Boko Haram a terrorist organisation when the FBI, CIA and the Justice Department asked?
Does eating food cooked with a microwave reduce the haemoglobin count of the blood?
Does "packing" a pack of cigarettes before opening make them last longer?
Can China's "Quantum Satellite" transmit messages faster than light?
Did Germans receive corn instead of wheat and rye after WW2 due to a translation error?
Did Saul Alinsky dedicate a book to Lucifer and act as Hillary Clinton's mentor?
Were Tyrannosaurus Rex herbivores?
Is Bhutan an extremely happy country?
Does Texas have the worst maternal mortality in the developed world?
Does eating Diatomaceous earth have these benefits?
Should you get out of your car in a tornado?
Do Scandinavian-Americans have a higher standard of living than Scandinavians?
Is this fruit naturally shaped like a woman?
Does homework improve student performance?
Are Falun Gong members killed and their organs harvested?
Different Human species?
Is school homework beneficial?
Was Hitler a necrophiliac?
Do children in daycare have elevated cortisol levels?
Did the U.S. sign a treaty with another government about the legality of a single coin?
Are scary fairy tales beneficial for children's psychological development?
Are there more than 20 million pieces of art in London's galleries?
Is this Indonesian man, Mbah Gotho, 145 years old, as he claims?
Do some game developers use tests to measure dopamine and adrenaline levels?
Does Windows 7 make up almost 50% of the desktop operating system market share?
Was Isaac Asimov notorious for groping women?
Does a female breast shape predict personality?
Does being near the surface of water increase the risk of sunburn?
Can Stephen Wiltshire draw an accurate and detailed picture of a city based on single, brief helicopter ride?
Did unrestricted speed limits lead to fewer deaths in the Northern Territory of Australia?
Do more DUIs occur the morning after drinking rather than the night of?
Are antibacterial soaps better than plain soap and water?
Have more US veterans taken their own life in the last six years than died in Iraq and Afghanistan?
Does the Wall Street Journal change headlines based on location?
Do swimmers' lungs use oxygen up to 3 times more efficiently than an average person?
Are activities in which both people bleed on each other considered "No Risk" for the transmission of HIV?
Would a fingerprint scanner still work as you age
Do stainless-steel soap bars work to wash hands?
Did Donald Trump make campaign contributions to Attorneys General who then decided not to prosecute him?
Should 20-35% of calories come from fats in a healthful diet?
Does South Korea have more institutions teaching German literature than Germany?
Is the solarized color scheme easier on the eyes?
Is it true that a male's intelligence is solely affected by genes inherited from the mother?
Can a face roller slim your face?
Do sales of baseball bats in Russia greatly exceed the number used to play baseball?
Is most truffle oil artificially flavored olive oil?
Does consuming foods rich in phytic acid prevent mineral absorption?
Will most tropical and temperate areas be uninhabitable with a 5 degree increase in temperature?
Strange sounds from sky.
Can Vitastiq make good enough vitamin and mineral level measurements?
Is refined table salt bleached?
Can hickeys induce a heart attack / stroke?
Did George Washington say no political parties?
Does grounding (earthing) reduce inflammation?
Did Muslims celebrate the attack on 9/11 in New Jersey in 2001?
Does Halal certification fund terrorism?
Uniqueness of the Bible's Exodus Narrative
Does the meat industry cause 414 billion dollars in externalized costs?
Do drop bears exist?
Did ABC News briefly report that Hillary Clinton had died in the hospital, and did ABC confirm it on the phone with Infowars?
Do immigrants to the US commit less crimes that native born Americans?
Does every major pipeline in the US cut through Native American lands?
Did a Duke University study find these 8 factors as contributors to "peace of mind"?
Does this viral video show a man's head explode while inflating a dinghy?
Were the "DNC leak" emails stolen by the Russian government?
Is it true that "People Over 40 Should Only Work 3 Days A Week"?
Does YouTube send every video to every subscription inbox?
Why corelate charity to an unrelated event?
Does converting handedness lead to memory disorders?
Do vinegar or salt prevent the cloth colors from bleeding?
Did 96% of Hillary Clinton's 2015 charitable donations go to the Clinton Family Foundation?
Does men's testosterone increase with age?
Does sitting whilst peeing reduce prostate issues?
Was Mahatma Gandhi gay?
Has the synthetic bacteria Synthia become a rogue flesh-eating disease?
Do 26% of Americans believe the sun revolves around the Earth?
Is Mexico building a southern border wall that the United States is helping to pay for?
Did Marilyn Monroe say that she could stop giving oral sex after signing her first contract?
Did Paul Combetta ask for advice on reddit on how to strip emails for Hillary Clinton?
Does the probability of entering and remaining in an intellectually elite profession peak at an IQ of 133 and falls with rising IQ?
Do humans share 50% of their DNA with bananas?
Do soldiers intentionally miss their targets?
Effectiveness of Cold-EEZE, zinc gluconate glycine lozenges
Do fitness trackers make you fatter?
Is this "whites killed by whites" diagram wrong?
Does this video show a very localised rain shower falling on one spot?
Is WIRA, “water filtered Infrared A”, therapy effective on warts?
Can Methylsulfonylmethane make human hair grow faster?
Did Palmer Luckey, founder of Oculus, back pro-Trump group?
Do AVS/Psychowalkman/Mind Machine devices work?
Has the Orca infant mortality rate been 100% since the Fukushima disaster?
Does releasing hydroxyl (OH) into the air purify it safely?
Is there scientific evidence to support a distinction between "Ask" and "Guess" cultures?
Did Hillary Clinton's Campaign Fake a Rally in Greensboro, North Carolina?
Do people who like Lil Wayne score low in the SAT?
Does small talk not build relationship and is it not great for our happiness levels?
Can you be drunk by drinking too much alcosynth?
Did the Red Cross cure 154 Malaria cases with MMS within 48 hours?
The "10 bn people could be fed if everybody were vegan" claim
Are the subtitles of this video from an arabian tv program accurate with what the man is telling?
Is there an alignment between Giza pyramid complex and Orion's Belt?
Do pathogens have a negative ORP and beneficial bacteria a positive?
Are low SAR phones better for health than high SAR phones?
Are there ancient Chinese crossbows that can fire twice as far as a modern rifle?
Could you drive a tank through London and not have to pay the congestion fee?
Did Donald Trump express support for the Iraq war?
Did Donald Trump only tell the truth in 22% of his fact-checked statements?
Do religious people score more favorably on most common social indicators than the non-religious?
Did Babylonians in BCE used geometrical methods in mathematical astronomy to calculate planet positions and its motions?
Did Donald Trump call Alicia Machado "Miss Piggy" and "Miss Housekeeping"?
Have 8 out of 10 police officers in Sweden seriously considered quitting due to the danger?
Is it hazardous to bend one's head backwards to stretch the neck?
Did DUI fatalities increase or decrease due to legalization of marijuana?
Does visiting an A&E in a NHS hospital cost £111?
Are our gut microbes responsible for 50-90% of our behaviour-regulating neuro-transmittors?
Does Barack Obama have an active quora profile?
Does it take time for the brain to realize that you have eaten too much?
Did Christian soldiers commit the first recorded suicide bombing?
Was Donald Trump's father a member of the KKK?
Is the hand in this video of feeding hummingbirds an actual human hand?
What percentage of white people owned black slaves in the US?
Did Gary Johnson not know who Harriet Tubman was?
Can learning to be Ambidextrous harm Brain Function?
Did DR Congo use banknotes with hole where Mobuto's face used to be after he was deposed?
Were Vincent Van Gogh's final words "the sadness will last forever?"
Did family members of Osama Bin Laden get to leave America during the no-fly restrictions after 9/11?
Is this a declassified photo?
Did Secretary Clinton suggest killing Julian Assange with a drone strike?
Is vinegar dangerous for dishwashers?
Is the UK's trade with the EU artifically inflated by having to ship its exports via Europe?
Does fasting improve your immune system when you already have an infection or a disease?
Did unit confusion lead to a house with enormous doors and windows in Ypres, Belgium?
Is a highly variable diet better than a steady one for human health?
Does South Carolina law prohibits anyone over age 18 from dressing up as a clown?
Did the Department of Justice drop charges against an arms dealer in order to cover up Hillary Clinton’s private emails?
Is Tupac Shakur alive?
Are new born mice an available dish in Chinese restaurants?
Did John Nash Jr. write equations on the windows of a Princeton library?
Does Stanford University conduct research into psychic spies?
Did Thomas Jefferson say it would take "a thousand years" to settle the Mississippi Valley?
Do Australian cyclists need to pay registration fees?
Did big investors use pre-knowledge of 9/11 to short American stocks?
Was Princess Diana murdered?
Can the "Xtra-PC" USB device make your old computer faster?
Are the chances of contracting HIV from an infected person this low?
Do 87% of female rape victims experience an orgasm during the attack?
Are the youngest siblings the most likely to become millionaires?
Was the Pentateuch dated back to the second millenium B.C.E?
Can aspirin revive a flat car battery?
Did Trump fight against racial segregation at his golf resort?
Do members of Skull and Bones at Yale University wrestle naked in mud?
Was Christopher Columbus involved in the slave trade?
Does Mint tea help alleviate the symptoms of a cold?
Is this a photograph of 23 year old Joseph Stalin?
Is there correlation between vaccination rates and autism diagnosis?
Did the walls of Jericho fall outward?
Do some people have aphantasia - the inability to visualise images in their mind's eye?
Does esbiothrin kill mosquitos?
Can Waterseer extract as much as 37 L per day from the air?
Did Hillary Clinton say this quote about Donald Trump and equal pay?
Was Gagarin the thirteenth person to be sent to space?
Does Google hire "human filters"?
Did Hillary Clinton tell a Secret Service agent to "F off" when he said "Good Morning" to her?
Did India's population decrease "by 80 million between 1000 and 1525" CE?
Did Muhammed al-Arifi issue a fatwa permitting rape of Syrian women?
Are cheap tea bags dangerous to your health due to high fluoride levels?
Is chocolate consumption correlated with per capita Nobel Laureates?
Did Obama call for online "truthiness tests" to "curate" news on the internet?
Has the Swedish government determined flying the ISIS flag is not hate speech?
Are women in burqas never strip-searched by the TSA?
Were feasting caterpillars used to make very light veils, as reported by Charles Babbage?
Could "only Russia’s senior-most officials have authorized" the efforts to leak sensitive emails related to the 2016 U.S. presidential election?
Are expensive placebos more effective than cheap placebos?
Is it illegal for regular US citizens to possess or read the Podesta emails published by WikiLeaks?
Is Linux less prone to getting infected by viruses than Windows?
How do I refute skepticism towards radiometric/carbon dating?
Does artificial sweetener consumption by women reduce IVF effectiveness?
Did Saddam Hussein have a secret torture chamber in New York City?
Is visiting a banned torrent site punishable by 3 years jail in India?
Is "We, the willing, led by the unknowing" correctly attributed to Konstantin Jireček or Mother Theresa?
Were students "forced to recite 'Allah is the only God'" in Tennessee public schools?
Is polygamy allowed for Hindus in the state of Goa, India, if there is "no children or no male child"?
Can fermented human waste ("jenkem") be used as a hallucinogenic drug?
Do the vitamins in a smoothie degrade when put in the fridge?
Are jihadists returning to Örebro, Sweden given psychological help?
Is the four minute nuclear weapon response time classified information?
Was this video of a home made phone charger faked?
Was the contraceptive pill originally created for men?
Do cell phones relay their locations to emergency services?
Were there 19,000 rapes in the US military in 2011?
Did the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee's report say NATO's intervention in Libya was based on "lies"?
Has Egypt sold two French-made Mistral warships to Russia?
Does teaching 6-12-month old infants to back float reduce their risk of drowning?
Did Sam Harris "argued that Muslims are driven to violent actions by their violent religion"?
Does Liberation Theology have its roots from the KGB and the Soviet Union?
Are "young people aged 14 and 15 are allowed to have sex with each other" in Germany?
In the US, are illegal immigrants more likely to commit crimes?
Are most medical studies too badly designed to improve patient care?
Are one in five children in Europe victims of sexual violence?
Does immigration to the USA increase the unemployment rate?
Was Sigmund Freud "deathly afraid" of the number 62?
Is the name "Ahmad" mentioned in the dead sea scrolls?
Is this metal artifact 250,000 years old?
Does your hair grow faster when you're sick?
Is the RS-28 Sarmat missile capable of destroying an area the size of France?
Did John Lennon say this skeptical thing about foreign aid to poor countries?
Are the claims in this infographic about the UK Prime Minister accurate?
Is the "Mosul Sniper" a real individual or a propaganda stunt by US and its allies?
Is trichina a deadly parasite?
Did Obama secretly visit Antarctica?
Is animal agriculture the leading cause of species extinction?
Were 3/5 of the people involved in the Cliven Bundy "Oregon Standoff" government informants?
Are Muslims 25 times more likely to commit terrorist attacks within the United States than non-Muslims?
Was Fred Hampton murdered?
Has the Libyan Investment Authority had $150 Billion of overseas investments frozen?
Are there textual deviations between the Dead Sea Scrolls and the Old Testament?
Is this a video of Russian high school children assembling an assault rifle as part of their core education?
Are the voting figures correct in this image about historical US decisions by party?
Was a server owned by Donald Trump configured to selectively communicate with a Russian bank?
Can I avoid property tax by showing a judge my land grant?
Was Bhai Mati Das sawn in half on the orders of Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb?
Can this dress change colour dynamically?
Is the safety advice regarding asbestos consistent with advice about other risks?
Does a 'soda bath' help internal inflammations/infections in toes and fingers
Is tequila a probiotic?
Do transparent beer bottles allow UV rays oxidise the beer faster?
Is the swastika over 11000 years old?
Did Russia warn the people of besieged East Aleppo that "If you do not leave these areas urgently, you will be annihilated"?
Does the Middle East Institute partner with Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, Chevron, ExxonMobil and Saudi Aramco?
Do cats avoid water when it is placed near food?
Was the Cubs World Series celebration the 7th largest gathering in human history?
Are the claims about reading after graduation in this photo accurate?
Was there no tax before 1913 in the United States?
Is there a wage gap between smokers and non-smokers?
Was a massive case of voter fraud uncovered in Florida?
Does the following banner mandate wearing a hijab in an Egyptian school?
Were 700000 Arab Palestinians forced out of their homes by Zionists?
Did Albert Einstein say World War 4 would be fought with sticks and stones?
Are forced marriages allowed in Iran?
Does the Assisi loop heal injuries?
Did Newton declare that he had never lost a single drop of his seminal fluid?
Did a thief think he could conceal his identity from security cameras by putting lemon juice on his face?
Has Hillary Clinton been a Cubs and a Yankees fan for years?
In states where medical marijuana laws are passed, did prescription painkiller sales decrease?
Do minimum wage laws disproportionally negatively affect African Americans and Hispanics?
Can Currency Notes be tracked with GPS?
Was Lincoln's Mom the best wrestler in Kentucky?
Does the Rothschild family own most central banks?
Is this photo depicting Dalits from India genuine?
Did Mike Pence advocate conversion therapy for homosexuals?
Did Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan ask "Trump towers in Turkey to remove Trump name in Istanbul urgently"?
Are teens who vape more likely to become smokers?
Was there a spike in hate crimes after the Brexit referendum?
Do Australian Aboriginal people have low intelligence and sexual control?
Did the BBC fake scenes in Planet Earth 2 with composite shots and CGI?
Is Arizona's sheriff Joe Arpaio being considered for Secretary of Homeland Security?
Is Trump's election the first successful presidential election campaign with a female campaign manager?
Did Trump call Belgium a village in Europe?
Is it possible to cause a skin burn by telling a hypnotized subject they are touching a hot object?
Have paleontologists systematically ignored dinosaur DNA that does not match the evolutionary model?
Does the 'super-moon' have a measurable effect on probability and magnitude of earthquakes?
Did George Soros say he helped a Nazi confiscate property?
Are there 2-3m illegal migrants with criminal records in the USA?
Has Steve Bannon expressed anti-semitic or racist views?
Is this claim about Turkey's restriction on Zorok TV accurate?
Has "the destruction of the space shuttle Challenger... been linked to insufficient sleep"?
Did every signer of the Declaration of independence (US) said they believed that men and women were created?
Are human fetal cells used to produce Pepsi?
Did Edison publicly electrocute people's pets to present AC current as dangerous?
Do many people write down their safe combination?
Were 3 million votes cast by non-citizens in the 2016 US presidential election?
Are we in a low CO2 period, compared to the last 590 million years?
Did Hussam Ayloush tweet that the [US] people want to bring down the [Trump] regime?
Are democrats more likely to commit crimes then republicans in the United States?
Is this a genuine photo of the supermoon over Gdańsk?
Can mountains surrounding a certain region protect it from rain/wind/cold?
Did an anti-Trump protest hold up a "Rape Melania" sign?
Is half of the climate change in the past 110 years due to natural variation in the Sun's output?
What is the real history behind of the Ford GAA engine?
Did increase in minimum wage cause a decrease in crime in NYC?
Are most gamers unable to complete the first level of Super Mario Bros.?
Are three quarters of immigrants "flooding Europe today" from central Africa?
Did Muslims in the Middle East cut off the breasts of Christian women?
Are two thirds of CEOs in Silicon Valley from South Asia or Asia?
Did Obama give an iPod pre-loaded with his own speeches to the British Queen in 2009?
Can "Seismic Blasting" from a ship induce massive earthquakes?
Do American foods contain unsafe levels of glyphosate?
Does Dubai impose prison time or even the death penalty for victims of rape?
Is MSG excitotoxic?
Has the Council of Europe called for the banning of British newspapers mentioning when a terrorist is Muslim?
Do 40% of U.S. Americans think that global warming is unproblematic since Christ will return soon?
Did the police in Italy force an elderly hotel owner to house African Illegal Immigrants on his property?
Did Genghis Khan forbid the selling of women and exempt the poor from taxation?
Did Genghis Khan outlaw hunting during breeding seasons?
Are working class individuals 70-80 percent less likely to be accepted as patients by therapists if they are black?
Does Twitter censor content with a double standard?
Is the "Most people are sheep" video genuine?
Did Krishna live?
Did Omar Khayyam say this about religion?
What makes up $17,500 cost to outfit a U.S. Soldier mentioned in War Dogs?
Do babies from the United States cry more then babies in other parts of the world?
Is this refutation of Climate Change scientifically valid?
Can protecting Trump cost $1m a day?
Have 5% of Australian Catholic priests been charged with child sexual abuse offences?
Did Gen. Patton say "We defeated the wrong enemy?"
Does the EM drive (electromagnetic drive) work despite the apparent lack of propellant?
Does the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL) meaningfully increase the risk of water contamination?
Do Chevrolet commercials feature "Real people. Not actors."?
Did Fidel Castro ever say "I will not die until America is destroyed"
Did lightning strike Major Summerford three times and his gravestone too?
Were many Ukrainian and Polish women raped by Soviet soldiers during the WWII?
Is drinking water stored in copper vessels (copperware) good for your health?
Did Joseph Figlock catch the same baby falling from the same window, twice?
Did György Sherfezi fall from the 10th floor on a passing Laszlo Karvasha and both survived?
Is Melania Trump a Slovenian-American dual-citizen?
Did Will Durant say "The Islamic conquest of India is probably the bloodiest story in history"?
Does discarding the California vote numbers make Donald Trump lead the national popular vote?
Are the letters claimed to be sent by Muhammad authentic?
Did Hillary Clinton propose to punish flag burners in 2005?
Did Tamerlane express the desire to rebuild the empire of Genghis Khan?
Are there 76 different law enforcement agencies providing officers to control the DAPL protests?
Is the average temperature of a healthy human adult 98.6F/37C?
Did Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, The Supreme Leader of Iran, say this about pedophilia?
Is Trump the first politician to go on a victory tour since the Nuremberg Rallies?
Did millions of illegal immigrants vote in the 2016 USA election?
Can removal of a cubic millimetre of tissue lead to a person's death?
Does the the US Department of the State regularly send out Passport Surveys to random people?
Is the book "Confessions of a Sociopath" written by an actual sociopath?
Are there too few Supernova Remnants to support the Milky Way being billions of years old?
Did the Republican and Democratic parties swap ideologies at one point?
Are white people who believe Obama is Muslim largely Trump sympathisers?
Would it cost $370 million (probably more now) for NASA to move to SI unit of measurements?
Is it legal in the Philippines to kill a spouse caught cheating?
Do Rohingyas speak in a Bengali dialect?
Does mixing genders in an army lead to a lower incidence of sexual abuse by male soldiers?
Did European Muslim protestors carry signs "Shariah for the Netherlands", "Islam Will Dominate the World, Freedom Can Go to Hell"
Are there more tigers in private ownership in the US than there are in the wild?
Were 900,000 US troops injured in Iraq and Afghanistan?
Are John Podesta, a number of pizzerias, and DNC members involved in a child-sex ring?
Does Maryam Namazie identify as a Muslim?
Has Stephen Bannon ever used the word "nigger" publicly?
Are Caesarian births having an impact on human evolution?
Is Muhammad (pbuh) mentioned only four times in the Quran and in three of those instances could be used as a title the praised one or chosen one?
Does memory and learning decline with age?
Are 550 people still losing their jobs at "Trump's" Carrier plant?
Did Siad Barre condemn atheism?
Did Apollo Moon landing program cost less than lipstick used by American women during same 11 years?
Is global warming impossible because of CO₂'s dilution?
Did a study found that 21.4 percent of women working as escorts in Chicago, US had been raped 10 times or more?
Is water vapor responsible for 95% of the greenhouse effect?
Did CIA fund abstract artists to take attention from Social Realism?
Were Emanuel Celler's paternal grandparents and maternal grandmother Jewish?
Does Saudi Arabia have 100,000 tents equipped with air-conditioning systems sitting empty in the desert?
Are 11.6% of world's billionaires Jews?
Does "midbrain activation" cause clairvoyance?
Does WordPress power 27% of the Internet?
Did the Quran make an impressive prediction about a Roman Victory?
Were 14 million abortions performed on African Americans from 1973 to 2006?
Have numerous people disappeared "without trace" at Black Mountain National Park?
Were three brothers killed while trying to have sex with a crocodile?
Is Ayurvedic Herbal "Triphala Churna" helpful?
Did Petra Klamm-Rothberger, from German Green Party, say that Maria Ladenburger had to be killed as raped women are killed in Afghanistan?
Is there a Hindu cult in India that drink cow urine to cure diseases?
Was there a general consensus from a Royal Society London meeting that a significant portion of evolutionary theory had to be rethought?
Did the Deputy Chief of Staff of the Israeli Army say this about human trafficking?
Is this photo of a receipt stating "Tip for U.S. citizens only" real?
Do many people die because of shovelling snow?
Are left-handed people better at mathematics?
Has Jesus been declared the king of Poland?
How much is the new Air Force One projected to cost?
Did 50% Americans believe "the movie and television industries are pretty much run by Jews" in 1964?
Does this photo depict the Sabra and Shatila massacre?
Are children's baby/milk teeth a potentially useful supply of stem cells?
Did the Obama Administration only complain about Russian hacking after the election?
Did Donald Trump tell people to "check out" Alicia Machado's sex tape?
Do 80% of gender-dysphoric children grow up deciding not to change their gender?
Did Donald Trump say that "global warming was a hoax invented by the Chinese"?
Are there up to 100,000 people in Eastern Aleppo as of December 2016?
Were 14 US-Led Coalition Military Advisors captured by Syrian Special Forces in Aleppo?
Do Ultra-dense H11-grade HEPA filters remove up to 99% of PM0.3 particles?
Was a "new world religion" memorandum signed in Strasbourg in June 2014?
Is the Greek/French macaronic phrase written by an ancient author?
Did Dr Jacques Grancher accidentally infect himself with rabies during Pasteur's rabies vaccination experiments?
Did Pasteur's MD assistant accidently inject himself with rabies?
Can you power a smartwatch by your body heat?
Are people more careless with their mobile phones when an upgrade is due?
Does it take the average US worker in 2015 just 17 weeks of work a year to earn the average living standard of 1915?
Is Casey Neistat's video of himself flying under a drone genuine?
Can you eliminate La Guardia Airport and still move same amount of NYC passengers by air, but faster?
Could a man survive in the belly of a fish for 3 days?
Is the difference between men and women' estimates of their number of sexual partners caused because men estimate rather than count?
Did three people turn down a meeting in Zuckerberg's dorm room about founding Facebook?
Do those receiving blood transfusions have worse outcomes than those with bloodless corrected anemia?
Do sports compression clothes give their claimed benefits?
Is there a woman named Lilly who is engaged to a robot she built?
Can anyone function on just 2 hours sleep per night?
Did Fethullah Gülen "publicly boasted about his “soldiers” waiting for his orders to do whatever he directs them to do"?
Does using a neck brace reduce damage taken in a car crash?
Is Russian TV airing a "hunger games" like reality series where contestants can rape, kill or be killed?
Did Malcolm X say that Islam has shown him that a blanket indictment of all white people is wrong?
Did US forces use tens of thousands of Japanese women as sex slaves after the WWII?
Did Putin give this talk about the cultural preservation of European tradition, religion and race?
Do Christian pastors in India pay people to convert to Christianity?
Is light text on dark background less harmful to the eyes than dark text on light background
Does the Quran say in its verse 4:89 that "Those who reject Islam must be killed"?
Did a disproportionate number of celebrities die in 2016?
Is there any evidence of Dr. Zakir Naik paying people to convert to Islam?
Did Trump win every income bracket over $48,000, but lost all below?
Did US Consumer Confidence Index rise up to the highest level in more than 15 years in December 2016?
How accurate are these nine charts of the economy under the Obama Administration?
Were 10 ISIS fighters/members crossing from Mexico to US caught by US security forces in 2014?
Did Angela Merkel push to allow refugees to be employed as truck drivers?
Does eating pork increase promiscuity?
Can brain tests on toddlers predict future criminality?
Are top quartile teachers radically better than their colleagues?
Are Dr. Zakir Naik's speeches banned in the UK, Canada, and Malaysia?
Did Elijah Muhammad admit having extramarital affairs with young Nation of Islam secretaries?
Are Silvester (New Year's Eve) fireworks as pollutive as cars in one year?
Did Turkish people commit 70–80% of the rapes in Cologne around the year 1996?
Has Vladimir Putin been dead, and replaced by a body double, since 2014 or 2015?
Are 30% of U.S. prisoners deaf or hard of hearing?
Do construction workers usually work for 14 hours a day in Dubai?
Did a Charlton goalkeeper stay on the pitch for 20 minutes after the match was cancelled due to fog?
Is this pie graph describing US government spending accurate?
Is Coober Pedy derived from an Aboriginal phrase for "White man in a hole"?
Has Israel broken over 60 UN resolutions?
Has Julian Assange been missing since October 4th, 2016?
Does "Plan B" (Levonorgestrel) prevent implantation of fertilized eggs?
Is Russia funding environmentalist groups to protest fracking?
Have climate models in the 80's and 90's accurately predicted today's climate?
Who coined "gamification" term?
Is the statistic "8% of People Achieve Their New Year's Resolutions" based on facts?
Are men attracted to women that look like their mothers?
Do people who swap sugary sodas for diet sodas lose weight?
Do 1 in 2 Swiss citizens have guns and do they have the lowest crime rate?
Was John Podesta's email password "password"?
Did Emma Watson's movie The Colony gross £47 in its UK opening weekend?
Does the higher accuracy of smart meters lead to higher electricity bills?
Does inhaling steam from fresh-boiled potatoes help with a cold/flu cough or congestion?
Did Muhammad al-Arifi describe non-Arab Muslims as cowards?
Did the U.S. government try to rename hamburgers to "liberty sandwiches"?
Are there any historical records that say Christian colonizers viewed the American Indians as Amalekites?
Did 17 U.S. intelligence agencies claim that Russia was behind the DNC hack?
Are new genes created through duplication?
Did Massachusetts assume "a right to treat the Indians on the footing of Canaanites or Amelekites"?
Do Japanese police roll drunks and criminals into giant futons?
Did Jamshid Piruz enter the UK unchallenged?
Are people of Nordic Nations "happier, healthier" with "a higher standard of living overall than Americans"?
Is the adrenalline in steak, mutton or other animal meat, poisonous or harmful to us?
Is it possible to gain a "new sense" of where north is?
Has power been stripped away from the US Constitution, during the Obama Administration?
Can we find water with wood sticks?
Did Elvis consume 100,000 calories a day at the end of his life?
Do gun homicides and suicides kill more Americans than war?
Can current flooding in California end the years-long drought?
Did a TV news show cause lots of Amazon's Alexa devices to try to order doll houses?
Is this Buddha portrait genuine?
Were majority of those killed in the Sabra And Shatila Massacres women, children and the elderly?
Did Tsar Nicholas II write “1916 was cursed, 1917 will surely be better”?
Can you predict a number that is "randomly" chosen by a person better than chance?
Did Rasputin have an affair with Tsarina Alexandra Feodorovna?
Which Martin Luther said "Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree."
Can speakers of Kuuk Thaayorre navigate much better than Western speakers inside unfamiliar buildings?
Can you become a genius by a hit in the head?
Did Obama order the drop of over 26 thousand bombs in 2016?
Has spreading out the vaccine schedule been empirically shown to have any negative effect?
Are these reports alleging the existence of blackmail material by the Russian intelligence on Donald Trump a hoax perpetuated by 4chan?
Do people feel indebted when they receive a free sample and are therefore more likely to buy?
Is there a publicly available video that shows Ali Erdoğan instructing a police official to abuse detainees?
Did Vinayak Damodar Savarkar say, “Nazism proved undeniably the saviour of Germany”?
Is Barack Obama's Birth Certificate a Forgery of Johanna Ah'nee's birth certificate?
Are there 96 million workers in the US who want a job and can't get one?
Is RSS offering Rs 500000 to Muslims to convert to Hinduism?
Was a man forced to pay a dowry for a goat after getting caught having sex with it?
Did Benjamin Netanyahu say this about Christian Zionists?
Did a large number of celebrities threaten to go on strike until Trump resigns?
Are the papers shown by Trump in the 1/11 press conference a genuine sample?
Will 36,000 people die per year due to the repeal of the ACA?
Are men with shoe size 40 more faithful, and shoe size 43+ less faithful?
Does paraskevidekatriaphobia (fear of Friday 13th) cause a decrease in commerce?
Is this picture of a man in Colorado Springs nearly being blown away, genuine, or a hoax?
Does the act of placing a bet make people much more confident in the outcome of a prediction?
Did Donald Trump "[imitate] a disabled reporter"?
Did Daesh execute 5000 Yazidi men in August 2014?
Has Trump exonerated Russia for the downing of flight MH-17?
Did Michelle Obama create a policy at the University of Chicago Medical Center that was called "close to 'patient dumping'"?
Does Melatonin help support sleep?
Evidence for and against (verbal-IQ-based) Smart Fraction Theory
Is this a credible video footage of an unidentified flying object or unidentified aerial phenomena?
Are Asian women better at maths when they think they're competing against European men?
Were 48% of American billionaires Jewish in 2014?
Did Ivana Trump claim under oath that she had been raped by Donald Trump?
Is Adiel Tel-Oren an MD?
Are 10% of food stamps put towards soda?
Was #itAintRape every used seriously to justify rape?
Is 15 percent of the U.S. prison population Muslim?
Are cell phones harmful to male fertility if kept in trousers pocket?
Do Virgina and Connecticut have the death penalty for those who work on Sunday?
Did Tecumseh Predict the New Madrid Earthquakes of 1811-1812?
Do blacks in the US get arrested more often for drug usage despite using drugs at the same rate as whites?
Does PETA euthanize unwanted pets at its Virginia headquarters?
Do single, childless women earn more than their male counterparts in urban USA?
Will tuning your TV to a channel that isn't the presidential inauguration lower its ratings?
Is Ellen DeGeneres legally married because of Obama?
Did Plato & Socrates make these quotes about politics?
Did the @POTUS Twitter account use a picture from Obama's inauguration for its cover image?
Did Trump's inauguration draw the largest ever audience to a US inauguration?
Am I owed a refund of "between $45 and $70" for buying milk in California in the last 14 years?
Were additional fencing and magnetometers used on the National Mall for Trump's inauguration?
Was President Trump's inauguration "the first time ... that floor coverings have been used to protect the grass on the Mall"?
Did more people use the DC Metro transit system on the day of Trump's inauguration than on the day of Obama's second inauguration (in 2013)?
Did Trump's inauguration have the "largest audience to ever witness an inauguration ... both in person and around the globe"?
Did Trump's inauguration cake copy the design of Obama's 2013 inauguration cake?
Were these photos of presidential inauguration crowds taken at the times claimed on the photos?
Did Steve Mnuchin's OneWest Bank foreclose on a 90-year-old woman's house after a 27-cent payment error?
Did President Trump sign an executive order defunding Planned Parenthood (International)?
Has there been a dramatic expansion of the U.S. federal workforce in recent years?
Is this a photo of Trump's inauguration crowd?
Life extension and medical care
Has fracking caused hundreds of earthquakes in Oklahoma?
Is Melania Trump barely able to speak English?
Is pubic hair important for keeping pathogens from entering the vagina?
Is Donald Trump forcing the EPA to take down all climate change information?
Did John Safran get a fatwa placed on Australian television host Rove McManus?
Do higher levels of medical intervention lead to better outcomes for patients?
During the presidential campaign, did Donald Trump say he'd require all Muslims to register in a database?
Will plant-life on Earth end due to too little CO2?
Suicide and social networks
Did the Trump administration issue a blackout to the EPA?
How can a skeptic benefit from placebo effect?
Did Hitler ever make this quote?
Did most Mexicans who are in the U.S. illegally, enter through legal means?
Did Sean Spicer tweet a password twice in two days?
Is "Calling your congressmen" in the US effective?
Were men in the USA, from Muslim countries, required to register with the federal goverment?
Did Ariel Sharon say that the Jewish people control America?
Was it harder for Syrian Christians to immigrate to the US than Muslims?
Can the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter be detected by WW2 era radar?
Did Donald Trump exclude Muslim countries in which he does business from the recent entry ban?
Did the Obama administration halt processing of Iraqi refugees back in 2011?
Did 20 million people die because of Nationalism in Europe before the formation of the EU?
Was Sergei Brin a refugee?
Did President Obama institute immigration restrictions in 2011 that were similar to Trump's Jan 2017 immigration restrictions?
Are 90% of Middle Eastern refugees on food stamps in the United States?
Has any immigrant from any of the countries named in Trump's executive order been guilty of terrorism on US soil?
Comparing deaths on American soil, from banned versus not banned countries
Can you lose child access in Germany because you made "xenophobic" comments?
Did no citizen of countries banned by Trump's executive order kill any american since 1975?
Are flu shots harmful because they may contain antibiotics?
Is hair charged with static brittle and susceptible to breakage?
Do majority of Trump supporters think that black people are less evolved than white people?
Does Trump have bathmophobia-- a fear of slopes?
Does the US National Security Council have the ability to authorize assassination as described in this post?
Were the nuclear capabilities of the F-35 decisive in the decision to have it replace the Dutch F-16s?
Are Americans more likely to be killed by vending machines than terrorist refugees?
Did the Cleveland Cavaliers basketball team lose $40 million dollars in the 2015-2016 NBA season?
Is cost the #1 reason why Americans fail to take their medications as prescribed?
Did Trump replace Joint Chiefs of Staff & Director of Natl. Intelligence with Steve Bannon?
Has one of the claims in the Steele Dossier come true?
Did Muslim women lose property rights during the British colonial rule in India?
Do more than half of Ontario residents believe that "mainstream" Islamic doctrines promote violence?
Did 5 million non-Jews die in the Holocaust?
Were ISIS soldiers ordered to rape women 'to make them Muslim'?
Did 20-30 roving Somalian immigrants threaten to rape a Lake Calhoun, MN resident?
Did the Standing Rock protestors potentially damage the environment and the local watershed through their own human waste and garbage?
Are "young white boys... educationally underprivileged"?
Is the ageing population a major cause of higher healthcare costs?
Are milk and butter from grass-fed cows better for you?
Is "the funniest interview you will ever see" genuine?
Does Melania Trump's security cost double the National Endowment for the Arts' budget?
Did Frank Gaffney compare Muslims to termites?
Has Iran gained 150 billion dollars due to the "Iran Deal"?
Has Kuwait banned several Muslim-majority countries from entry?
Did Neil Gorsuch found the ‘Fascism Forever Club’ while in school?
Was there a Bowling Green Massacre in 2011?
Do homemade pregnancy tests with sugar work?
Does Germany use the Euro to exploit the US and the EU?
Did a 3 year old remember his past life and murderer?
Did the ban on Israeli travellers postdate the construction of Israeli settlements which displaced Palestinians?
Does black seed oil help in regrowing hair on bald regions of the scalp?
Were the Secretary of State divestiture rules applied inequitably to Rex Tillerson vs John Kerry?
Did Fidel Castro put gay people into concentration camps?
Did China say that war with the US over the South China Sea dispute is now a "reality"?
Was Jesus a refugee?
Does Lee Hadwin have "artistic ability" only when asleep?
Did the Rotherham rapists shout Allahu Akbar at their sentencing?
Is Twitter "Throttling" its users
Did NOAA publish a fake map with temperature data it doesn't have?
Does having a natural birth offer health benefits to the child vs. use of pain medication?
Is horse riding the most dangerous sport you can do?
Is the total cost of treating the uninsured in emergency rooms more expensive than government-subsidized urgent care would be in the US?
Is the level of support for evolution decreasing in Europe?
Did the White House fabricate an Iranian attack on the American Navy?
Did Rohnert Park officials justify a police officer pulling a gun because he was being filmed?
Is it true that Donald Trump has "no deals in Russia"?
Is the Rogue POTUS Staff Twitter account an actual POTUS Staffer?
Is the USA murder rate at a high? Specifically is it at a 45 year high?
Did Isaac Newton give lectures to empty rooms while he was a professor at Cambridge?
Were only 17 of 500 sexual assaults on Cologne's Silvesternacht reported in crime statistics?
Do 75% of new Muslim converts in the US leave Islam within a few years?
Did Russian Hackers beat slot machines with an app?
92% of left-wing activists arrested in Berlin lived with their parents and one in three were unemployed?
Does Planned Parenthood impose abortion quotas on its clinics and provide incentives to its workers to meet those quotas?
Is there systemic bias in the approval ratings for Donald Trump?
Was Steve Bannon's appointment to the National Security Council done by mistake?
Does the Kiri Tree reduce carbon dioxide emissions ten times more than the average tree?
Are chain gangs a deterrent to crime?
Did Jeff Sessions receive a 2009 NAACP Governmental Award of Excellence?
Is the Australia Post CEO the highest paid postal executive on the planet?
Did Robert Putnam find that diversity has "incredibly negative consequences"?
Has the 9th Circuit Court been overturned 80% of the time?
Did the New York Times publish an article in 1945 saying "1,000,000 to 1,500,000 of Europe's 6,000,000 Jews were now left on the Continent"?
Did Trump say he wanted a piece of the Keystone XL Pipeline profits?
Is honey toxic when heated up in tea?
Did CNN use these 3 different photos of the same girl being rescued?
Did George Washington sell a slave for a barrel of syrup?
Would Trump be worth more if he simply invested in mutual funds?
Did the same Mexican citizen vote illegally in the United States 5 times between 2012-2014?
Did John Stuart Mill write a history of Roman law at age 10?
Does consuming Vitamin C after eating shrimp result in death by arsenic?
Does TNVR work to reduce cat populations?
Do a third of Trumps twitter followers also follow white supremacists?
Is the NSA withholding information from Trump?
Do Kaziranga National Park workers shoot and kill poachers?
Does ingesting baking soda prevent and reduce symptoms of a cold or 'flu?
Can the size and shape of penis be enhanced permanently?
Did DNA, in a quartz container, absorb every photon in the room?
Does the Talmud say, "The Jews are called human beings, but the non-Jews are not humans. They are beasts."?
Are Twitter censoring positive responses to President Trump's tweets?
Did Hillary Clinton give Russia 20% of the United States' uranium?
Is the majority of the human body water?
Did Khalid Sheik Mohammed claim that Bush's actions prevented a second wave of attacks against the US?
Can I get high by snorting chocolate?
How many non-citizens were removed from the US from 2009--2015?
Did "four out of 10 British Muslims want Sharia law introduced into parts of" Britain in 2006?
Was the investigation of the DNC Email Hack performed by anti-Russian activists?
Was the Muslim population of India in 1850, 16% of the total population?
Is this a real astronaut quote?
Was a practice of making non-Muslims wear special markings introduced by Umar II?
Did Zakir Naik say "every Muslim should be a terrorist"?
Do 40% of illegal immigrants to the US from Mexico use planes?
Are there 130 Research papers supporting Vaccine/Autism Causation?
Is cannabis curing stomach and bowel diseases considered incurable by modern medecine?
Only the US, Liberia and Myanmar are “not metric”?
Should you chew your food 50 times?
Are 2 million non-citizen Hispanics illegally registered to vote in the United States?
Does leaving a tooth in coke overnight dissolve it?
Does particulate pollution in outdoor air kill tens of thousands every year?
Do an estimated 1 in 3 Americans have an undiagnosed thyroid disease?
What known toxin(s) would fit the scenario of the alleged/reported Kim Jong-Nam poisoning?
Do smoking-related deaths save cost to health service?
Do Testofen supplements "increase drive, improve performance, and enhance muscle mass"?
Did Hillary Clinton represent someone accused of rape in court?
Did Buzz Aldrin take communion of bread and wine on his first landing on the moon?
Can Doom run on a car's infotainment system?
Do "popular revolts" usually occur with the support of the ruling dictatorship's army?
Do we need less sleep when the Sun is shining at night?
Electro sensitivity - is it a thing?
Was Timothy Leary affiliated with the CIA?
Are Doctors in the USA forbidden from recommending natural health therapies?
Did the US Government try to use EMF rays to remotely affect the mental functions of their targets between 1978-1986?
Do the Swedish police have a special code for immigrant crimes?
Did the Obama administration ever attempt to ban Fox News from a Press Pool?
Do vaginal tightening creams work?
Did Edward Snowden leak documents on aliens?
Does water therapy make the body much more able to absorb nutrients from food?
Do millions of Hindus cremate their dead relatives in the Ganga river?
Was National Geographic just filming a snake attack a child and not helping?
Do eskimos have large numbers of words for snow?
Is this graphic about female executives accurate?
Does access to legal marijuana reduce dependence on opiates and other drugs?
Is there a Russian social media game called "Blue Whale" that incites self-violence and suicide?
Did CNN claim Richard Spencer likened Jews to soulless golems?
Was corporate personhood invented by a court reporter?
Do people not understand why Google's AlphaGo made a particular move?
Is colloidal silver an effective way to treat antibiotic-resistant pathogens?
Did Richard Nixon say, "Jews think they can run the world"?
When using a Known Sperm Donor is natural insemination (sex) more effective then artificial insemination?
Are there any women in the top one hundred chess players?
What if everyone in a city flushed their toilets at once?
Did a woman from Gaza give birth to 69 kids before her death?
Does the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights consider Christians a hate group "threat"?
Did 304 US soldiers kill themselves in 2009 compared to 149 killed in Iraq?
"For generations it was considered improper to die of cancer"?
Did Obama's administration bug Trump Tower?
In Iran, do widows get their husbands' occupational insurance as a monthly salary?
Were Israeli intelligence agents arrested after cheering 9/11?
Did the Dalai Lama cause Mongolians to significantly reduce their alcohol consumption?
Did Henry Ford say, "Jews control the business..."?
Do 48% of women in the Arab world not own a mobile phone?
Did Hitler receive congratulation telegrams from all corners of the Arab world for the introduction of Nuremberg racial laws in 1935?
Refugee Terrorism Rate Statistics
Are Jewish students over-represented at Harvard University?
Are 'white women' only 4% of the world population?
Was Hillary Clinton poisoned in 2016?
Did Hitler ban round goldfish bowls because he thought they were cruel?
Do long working hours in Spain affect birth rate?
Did 122 Guantanamo prisoners released by Obama return to the battlefield?
Are most christians evolutionists and most evolutionists christian?
Did an Equity Bake Sale charge Caucasian men more for the same product?
Were Buddhists murdered en masse during the first Muslim conquest of India?
Did Benjamin Franklin warn the young American Nation against the Jews?
Does mixed-sex education increase violence in schools?
Do Taiwanese-Americans and Filipino-Americans have higher median incomes than White Americans?
Are 91 percent of Fortune 500 CEOs in the United States white men?
Is Trump tweeting himself on realDonaldTrump?
Did the alleged victim of Julian Assange's Swedish sex crime say that police made it up?
Did the first Mughal emperor of India, Babur, write love poems for men?
Is 'elimination communication' a common traditional way to 'toilet-train' babies in non-Western countries?
Was a 15-year-old teen sentenced to 15 years because he took 5 seconds to stop intercourse with an 18-year-old?
A source for the monkey ladder water experiment?
How antiviral is coconut oil?
Does the combination of diet, exercising, sleeping and stress reduction help in the prevention of Alzheimer's disease?
Does porn addiction exist and if it does, can a prepubescent be diagnosed with it?
Is this an old church being destroyed in France?
Is the Great Barrier Reef dead after 25,000,000 years of being alive?
Is it possible to disable a vehicle with microwave oven magnetron from that distance
Will the healthcare premiums of a 64 year old making $26,500 a year grow to $14,600 under the GOP Health Care Plan?
Can blindfolded people read and see through extra sensory perception?
Did the shuttle cost more per launch than a Saturn V (after inflation)?
Are these photos of protests posters against the Obama Administration real?
Did Donald Trump leak his own tax returns?
Does North Korea require entry visas for its own citizens?
Are men expressing homophobia more likely to be homosexual?
Does parents drinking alcohol in front of their children increase the chance they become addicts in the future?
Will the United States be made up of more non-whites than whites by 2046?
Does pricking eggs before boiling them reduce cracking?
Does US governmental advocacy of drinking milk harm African-Americans?
Did Henry Ford say "If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses"?
Is there "no demonstrable evidence" that programs providing food during after school programs provide positive results?
Is this graphic comparing punishments between ISIS and Saudi Arabia accurate?
Did an Austrian court require a child to prove that they did not consent to rape?
Did the killer of Arminas Pileckas face charges?
Is Sesame Street at risk of losing funding with Trump's new budget proposal?
Did Einstein's brain weigh less than the average?
Does half of Tennessee lack health care coverage?
Did the US national debt fall by $100 billion in the first two months of Trump's office?
Did Amin al-Husaini say, "slaughter Jews wherever you find them"?
Did Richard Feynman say "Philosophy of science is about as useful to scientists as ornithology is to birds."
Is there any evidence that soldiers turned traitor due to Chinese "brainwashing"?
Was a class of Dutch school children required to learn Muslim prayer?
Do 82% of women making $100K per year in the US do it through home based businesses?
Is penis size correlated with size or expense of vehicle purchased?
Is this "fall of industrial production" graph accurate?
Are GMOs a threat to bee populations?
Is Amin al-Husseini's memoir being accurately quoted concerning eradicating Jews?
Is this a photo of an actual ad posted by sex traffickers?
Can coffee grounds clean pipes when disposed in the sink?
Does the logarithmic nature of global warming invalidate climate change claims?
Does talking to a rubber duck improve programmer performance when debugging?
Are humans getting dumber?
Can Master Kanzawa make animals sleep at a distance?
Is taking classes after school hours punishable?
Did training Bell executives in humanities subjects lower their interest in working?
Are two thirds of cancer mutations random and unavoidable?
Do the motors of washers last only 1/3 to 1/4 as long as they used to?
Do US laws define Ashkenazi Jews as "white"?
Would it have been possible for the ancients to have built a Tower of Babel?
Did Jesus use cannabis?
Have there been more than 27,000 Islamic terrorist attacks since 9/11?
Has Richard Spencer called for a "peaceful ethnic cleansing"?
Do some Jewish American charity organizations fund the Israeli military?
Is the self-driving car technology of 2017 less lethal than human drivers?
Are women in general more attracted to powerful men?
To what extent do needle trees contribute to fine dust pollution?
Did Trump hand Angela Merkel an invoice for $300bn, representing costs owed to NATO?
Has Telegram decrypted user messages and provided them to a gov agency?
Was Facebook cited as a reason for a third of UK divorces in 2010 in which unreasonable behaviour was a factor?
Did steel from WWI battleships make it into space?
Did the inventor of the polygraph regret inventing it?
Did a man in France sue his employer because he was bored at work?
Did a building supervisor in Spain get fined for not showing up to work for six years, unnoticed?
Did CDC cover up studies that show a link between Autism and vaccines containing mercury?
Does Trump spend $10m/month travelling compared to Obama's $1m/month?
Did the Nazi SS set up training camps to assist Jews travelling to Israel?
Do candles create more carbon dioxide than light bulbs?
Were there 600 millionaires in Gaza in 2014?
Can ingested alcohol be beneficial for infection treatment or prevention?
Were the works of Greek and Roman thinkers available to the West during the Middle Ages?
Do American sanctuary cities breed crime?
Did Joseph Goebbels say "Accuse the other side of that which you are guilty"?
Has California built only 1 University since 1980?
Do childrens' playgrounds designed to be safe reduce injuries to children?
Did a refugee evade arrest by three female police officers in Sweden, as shown in this video?
Do smaller albacore contain less mercury (by weight)?
How true are the claims about the dairy industry in this poster?
Was Pac-man originally named "Puck-man"?
Did Einstein say this quote about war & patriotism?
Was the tsar bomb ten times more powerful than all of the explosives used in WWII combined?
Did rape crime drop by 90% in Orlando in 1966 due to women firearms training?
Were Many of the people McCarthy Accused Paid Spies of the Soviets
Does removing headguards in boxing reduce concussion?
Did Elder Joseph of Vatopaidi start smiling 45 minutes after his death?
Did Galen Winsor swim in a spent fuel pool of a nuclear power plant?
Is this a chart of permits you need to build a highway in the United States?
Does this video portray Muslims being tortured?
Can very expensive sunglasses work better than cheap or mid-range ones?
Did Kim Jong Un have his Uncle's entire family executed?
Does Marmite improve the brain?
Do most Syrian refugees want eventually to return to Syria?
Did the Syrian government use chemical weapons in Khan Shaykhun?
Have there been polls in the UK that show that most British people support the idea of a Muslim ban?
Does the Netherlands allow letterbox companies to exist as long as they have a houseplant in their empty office?
Do cellphones damage male fertility?
Does Windows 10 defragmentation damage your SSD?
Are black cabs responsible for nearly a fifth of central London's road transport Nitrogen Oxide emissions?
Did E.E. Cummings say "I never saw a pessimistic general win a battle"?
Did Syria use chemical weapons (in the recent April 2017 ordeal with 30+ civilian casualties)?
Are Swedish police banned from describing criminals?
Were there bears at the Treblinka Zoo?
Did the world Jewish population increase between 1933 and 1948?
Is it illegal to drink beer out of a bucket in St. Louis?
Did the BBC alter an interviewee's words to use the term 'chemical attack'?
Of all humans ever born, did most men not become fathers?
Are suicide rates among millenials increasing?
Was Malala Yousafzai shot in the head?
Can drinking "harmonized" water prevent sunburn
Is credit card use more environmentally friendly than cash?
Did the Syrian government use Sarin (or other chemical weapons) in the 2017 Khan Shaykhun attack?
Does the "Blood of Jesus on the Cross" flower only bloom during the Holy week (just before Easter)?
Are the chemical compounds BPA, BPS and BPF harmful to humans?
Does wearing new clothes before washing them pose any health risks, like infection or skin irritation?
Did Kim Jong-un order the partial evacuation of Pyongyang in North Korea?
Is "five" removed from military countdowns because it sounds like "fire"?
Do airlines in North America make around $10 profit per customer?
Did 150,000 people march against Muslim Immigration in Poland?
Does the GRU-43/B "Massive Ordnance Air Blast" weapon cost $US16 million?
Does Female Genital Mutilation reduce the ability to feel sexual pleasure?
Will Bangladesh have 20 million environmental refugees in the next 40 years?
Were the first Americans from Africa?
Do half of Americans "live in areas that are deemed acoustically unsafe by [their] government"?
Did Ataturk say this about Islam?
Does an Epsom salt bath provide relief from muscular pain?
Do snowballs snowball?
Was a male birth control trial cancelled due to symptoms that were no worse than female birth control?
Did Einstein comment on feeling the presence of Jesus while reading the Gospels?
Did non-voters outnumber the supporters of each political party in the UK in 2010?
Was there a co-regency of Tiberius and Augustus?
Does having more women in a group increase its collective intelligence?
Are 95% of engineers in India unfit for software development jobs?
Are artificial sweeteners linked to strokes and dementia?
Do mangakas have long work hours?
Did the US Army use children to check for IEDs?
Does ISIS claim that every Muslim who doesn't give bayah to Baghdadi is an apostate/infidel?
Do comprehensive Sex Ed programs reduce teenage sexual activity?
Is whitewashing trees a good practice?
Are right-wing extremists a bigger terrorist threat than islamic extremists in the USA?
Could North Korea sink the USS Carl Vinson?
Are these clouds being engineered by chemtrails?
Do Republicans change their opinions based upon who is in the Oval Office?
Do wind turbines consume more energy than they produce in a lifetime?
Did NASA director Charles Bolden claim that an alien invasion will happen soon?
Is there no evidence that pre-publication peer review improves papers or detects errors or fraud?
Is this picture taken of the Armenian Genocide fake?
Did Fox News later "ban" a show that aired after 9-11?
Is flying the worst choice of travelling, considering the greenhouse effect and carbon-dioxide emission?
Did the United States reject an offer by North Korea to freeze their nuclear missile development?
Can Polaris be seen from the Australian tropics?
Does the temperaure anomaly correlate with solar irradiance?
Has Brilliant Light Power developed a new source of energy from water molecules?
Have fewer children with Down Syndrome been born in the United States?
Did Marie Antoinette say "Let them eat cake"?
Are liberal/left-wing people more intelligent than conservative/right-wing people?
Does Leonardo DiCaprio fly on private jets?
Did the DNC claim in court that it has no obligation to have a fair and impartial primary?
Are these figures about sexual harassment by Trump, O'Reilly, Ailes and Obama correct?
Does residential radon cause lung cancer?
Could the EU "take Britain to the Hague" over the "£50 Billion EU divorce bill"
Did "the UK court system abduct and murder a baby" with mitochondrial depletion syndrome?
Was UK national debt higher in 2016 than 2010?
Do Women Make Up 85% of All Consumer Purchases?
Do African Immigrants have the highest academic achievement in the U.S. of any ethnic group?
Is sexual assualt considered a pre-existing condition in the new US Health Care plan?
Did Malcolm X say this about Islam?
Do only 800K of 6M Muslims work in France?
Does eating burnt toast neutralize ingested poison?
Did Robert Conquest ever state his "Three Laws of Politics"?
Did a Chinese farmer spend 16 years learning law so he could sue a chemical company?
Is there hard evidence that non-leftwing academics are discriminated against in academia?
Do moon-landing deniers exist?
During Great Britain's coal-free day, were coal plants shut off, or active and generating power GB didn't use?
1 job to incinerate 10,000 tons of goods
Do Saudi authorities censor specific verses of the Quran?
Does Female Circumcision reduce urinary tract infections?
Do Roma people make up 60% of the Czech prisoners?
Did Donald Trump say this about his daughter and wife?
Does Sitt al-Banaat Khaalid exist, and did she write about the benefits of FGM?
Did Twain state: "Most people are bothered by those Scripture passages which they cannot understand...."
Did Emmanuel Macron say France deserved acts of terrorism?
Does Germany contribute 1/3 of the EU budget?
Are EpiPens still effective past expiration date?
Does the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier have unlimited distance range?
Can a lightbulb once inserted into your mouth be safely removed?
Are the statements attributed to Donald Trump and his sons about Russian connections accurately quoted?
Did Al Nusra carry out multiple terror attacks throughout Syria?
Is there any evidence that laptops in airplanes might be used for terrorist attack?
Do certain religious traditions believe that Eve had sex with the Serpent?
Is depression caused by an allergic reaction?
Does circumcision cause autism?
Did wind power supply less than half a percent of global energy in 2014?
Could global warming lead to an oxygen shortage by 2100?
Can reading fine print cause damage to eyes?
Does cold water boil faster than hot water?
Is it healthier to heat your tea in the microwave?
Is this 10 pack real?
Is this photo of Jeremy Corbyn and caption accurate?
Did the amount of bureaucrats increase in the immediate aftermath of the Soviet Union?
Did a British committee in 1907 recommend pushing Middle East into internal wars?
Are wind farms profitable without subsidies?
Do active-noise cancelling headphones produce ear fatigue?
Do hats or ponytails induce baldness?
Are Unvaccinated Children Healthier?
Does the United States have more tax preparers than police and firefighters combined?
Is the human genome deteroriating?
Did Einstein say this about education?
Are some oceans so remote that the closest person is in the space station?
Did the wind power industry produce more radioactive waste than nuclear power plants?
Did General Curtis Lemay say that 20% of the North Korean population had been killed?
Can Bioimpedance be used to prescribe essential oils and supplements?
Can mold cause GERD (acid reflux)?
In California, does it cost more to send someone to prison than to send them to Stanford?
Was there a secret plot by the US government to stage a false flag attack in Syria to blame Assad?
Are Common House Geckos poisonous?
Did a German judge acquit a man of rape because he is Turkish?
Would a full scale Thermonuclear War create centuries of Nuclear Winter?
Was Albert Einsten's wife, Mileva Marić, the co-author of the Theory of Relativity?
Is 1,7% of the population born intersex?
Do food proteins in vaccines cause the development of food allergies?
Is Kambo frog poison dangerous and/or useful?
Do antibiotic resistant infections kill 700,000 people a year in India?
Transdermal absorption of magnesium using "magnesium oil"?
Is Kim Jong UN a space alien according to new NASA evidence?
Could someone who sent a letter in 19th century London expect a reply within 2 hours?
Did Stalin say "...Roosevelt explained that democracy is the power of American people"
Do teenagers fall asleep and rise up later than kids or adults for biological reasons?
Did the US Department of Defense produce and release the poster "tweets sink fleets"?
Does area of the brain associated with the sense of self "shut down" when praying?
Did Master Stone Masons have to Bow to the King?
Was a package of McDonald's dipping sauce just sold for almost $15K?
Do four random common words make a stronger password than passwords like "Tr0ub4dor&3"?
Was the Speed of Light known in 13th century India?
Are sex slaves forced to use drugs?
Does flicking your fingers while your palms are on your ears cure tinnitus?
Does running cold water on your wrists cool you down rapidly?
Did Tomoaki Hamatsu live entirely on contest winnings?
Is paramotoring the safest form of personal aviation?
Does the CDC own vaccine patents?
Did Narendra Modi tweet this?
Does the owner of the Washington Post have a deal with the CIA worth 600 million dollars?
Do Australian pedophiles travel to Southeast Asia to abuse children there?
Do the seeds from 20 apples contain a fatal dose of cyanide?
Do cellphones pose any harm to pacemaker users?
Did the future Prime Minister of Poland help the future president of USA to pay his tuition?
Is eating processed meat as bad as smoking for causing cancer?
Is this map of terrorist attacks in Europe accurate?
Can USA's president launch nukes whenever/wherever?
Is possible for male human to breast feed?
Is this €150k beach club bill real?
Is washing hands with soap necessary when backpacking?
Were humans placed on Earth by aliens?
Did the Donald Trump organization cite "rising sea levels due to climate change" in a permit request in Ireland?
WhatsApp group "Interschools" linked to Daesh?
Are half of the donations to Democratic Party from Jewish sources?
Do some GMO plants provide bigger yields and more efficient use of land?
Did Theresa May say that girls' having male role models starts to curb the promotion of lesbianism in schools?
Did the Soda Pop Board recommend drinking cola earlier?
Was pink a boy color and blue a girl color prior to the 20th century?
Is it true that every McDonald's branch had a bunker in case of war?
Did Muhammad marry a 6 year old?
Is this chicken playing America the Beautiful on the keyboard?
Can plug-in electromagnetic pest control devices repel rodents?
Did Comey say that Trump did not try to obstruct justice?
Do about 10 people die from unintentional drowning daily?
Was this a fire brigade reservoir at Auschwitz?
Does radiation sensitivity decrease with age?
Transgender teenagers grow out of it 75% of the time
Do hot peppers kill cancer?
Did NASA have a simulator to practice the moon landings?
Were the London Bridge attack victims Londoners?
Was EU flag's design inspired by the statue of Virgin Mary?
Did Betsy Ross make the first US flag?
Do Russians get depressed the same way Americans do?
Are seat straps in child restraints less effective when they are twisted?
Did William T. Thompson design a flag with explicit white supremacist symbolism, which was adopted by the US Confederacy?
Does 40% of food in the US never make it to the table?
Does drinking matcha tea reduce LDL cholesterol in humans?
Does Blue Gatorade help with migraines?
Did Money Magazine say 78% of people have major negative financial event per decade?
Did Hillary Clinton destroy phones with a hammer?
Was Donald Trump's approval rating at 50% in June 2017?
Are Chinese authorities jailing, harassing, and torturing legal activists?
Do 7% of adults in the United States believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows?
Is olive oil sold in supermarkets largely made from other oils?
Do longer copyright terms encourage people to create more?
Did McKinsey & Co. tell AT&T there was no market for mobile phones?
"Chance for a Spinster": Is this a real newspaper advertisement from 1865?
Is the economic situation portrayed in "Loving" accurate?
Did Wonder Woman's Gal Gadot earn ~1/40th of Man of Steel's Henry Cavill?
Was the Inquisition a threat to science?
Has anyone used yoga to live for supernatural lengths of time?
Did Saudi Grand Mufti Abdul Aziz claim the earth is flat?
Did the US (ab)use the "deconfliction channel" with Russia to shoot the Syrian Su-22 plane?
Is looking at a computer screen all that bad for you?
Did the government of Nazi Germany sell Mauser pistols to an underground Jewish army?
Do cows produce more CO2 than cars?
Does Canadian law allow the government to take children away from parents that don't accept their gender identity?
When instituting Quds Day, did Khomeini say that one should emulate Imam Ali who killed 700 Jews?
Were 25% of newly-infected HIV-positive gay men actively seeking infection in 2003?
"In some cities, it's more dangerous to breathe than to smoke cigarettes."
Is drinking collected rain water proven to be beneficial for your health?
Did Muhammad behead 600 Jews in one day and torture unbelievers?
Are brothels to have sex with animals increasing fast in Germany?
Is this an accurate graph re lunar dust from Apollo?
Are private doctor's consultation fees higher in India than the USA?
Is charging your phone overnight dangerous?
Was the supreme court Executive Order 13780 injunction stay unanimous?
Does meditation increase IQ?
Does wealth reduce compassion?
Did Native Americans call European people "pale-face"?
Does the F-word constitute a third of all swearing on the internet?
Do vinyl records account for 3.6% of global music sales?
Is George Pell the 3rd ranking official at the Vatican?
Does vegetarianism save animals?
Did Camus say, "The literal meaning of life is whatever you're doing that prevents you from killing yourself"?
Can split personalities have different physical traits?
Does a sedentary lifestyle cause health concerns?
Did Queen Elizabeth attempt to warn her nation that "2017 will be a year of slaughter the likes of which we haven’t seen since World War 2“?
Was Suzanne Coleman killed when she was 7 months pregnant with Bill Clinton's child?
Ancestral DNA tests
Are Maryland's vehicle emissions tests a net benefit for the environment?
Did this study show that singing some vowels is "more joyful" than others?
Is driving car in first gear bad for gearbox (or maybe for other mechanical parts)?
Do solar panels create 300 times more toxic waste per unit of energy than nuclear-power plants?
Does charging a phone use the same power as a washing machine?
Is Pakistan or China funding and assisting terrorist insurgents in Afghanistan?
Are criminals wandering around with contactless POS sale terminals helping themselves to small amounts from people's RFID credit/debit cards?
Does Tilapia have a greater inflammatory potential than bacon?
Did almost all tilapia sold in US undergo sex change?
Is the West supporting neo-Nazis in Ukraine?
How old was Joan Lee upon passing away?
Are firefighters forbidden from talking about Grenfell Tower?
Did the police cover up their decision to allow mass-killer Thomas Hamilton to retain his gun licence?
Does Ginkgo Biloba "promote memory"?
Was John F Kennedy accidentally shot by a secret service agent?
Did White House staff have problems booking a hotel for Trump for G20?
Is the microorganism buildup in bedsheets harmful?
Does the PX Project increase reading speed by an average of 386%?
Can turmeric help you get better?
Did Jupiter enter into the body of the constellation Virgo?
Ancestry tracking DNA tests
Do Ultra-violet LEDs on air hand dryers help to kill bacteria?
Does this study give evidence that women are better leaders than men
Has Brigitte Gabriel ever claimed that “all Muslims are radical Muslims”?
Was 2016 the Deadliest year for the LGBTQ community?
Does nuclear power cause fewer deaths than other forms of electricity production, accidents included?
Does one kg of rock contain more energy in the form of U-238 than one kg of petroleum?
Is mustard oil dangerous for human consumption?
Is this weather forecast from Sweden?
Did eight Jesuit priests survive the nuking of Hiroshima without serious injury?
Did Franciscan friars survive the nuking of Nagasaki in a way suggesting a miracle?
Do women rate 80% of men as "below average looking"?
Is 19% of Planned Parenthood's revenue from abortion?
Did Scientists Teleport A Photon From Earth To Orbit For The First Time?
Would a ferret (or any other animal, for that matter) insist on its caregiver to handle its offspring?
Is the experience of unified perception produced by the (physical) brain?
Chinese behind the 2003 NY blackout
Do aftershaves products reduce skin infections?
Does NASA have a high ROI?
Does significant consumption of French fries double your chance of death?
Is humidity more relevant than high operating temperatures in hard drive reliability?
Has Trump proposed the following cuts to HIV/AIDS related spending?
Is Kaspersky Lab a military unit?
Can the US be powered by a 100 miles x 100 miles solar grid?
Does consuming bone broth reduce or eliminate allergies?
Is the EPA's regulation of particulate matter justified with evidence?
Did the Mall Robot Commit Suicide?
Can the US government garnish 100% of your income?
Is life expectancy "stalling" in the UK?
Does the US have the highest "natural" life expectancy?
Is it true that desert animals can drink seawater?
Are "Get Paid to Travel" ads part of a sex trafficking network?
Did Maxim Gorky say “You must write for children the same way you write for adults, only better”?
Do airlines have a "Do not pair" list of pilots who don't want to work with each other?
Did all of Germany's Muslim MPs vote in favor of same-sex marriage?
Do financial institutions specially approve loans to pay the Church of Scientology?
Are second children more likely to be troublemakers?
Does an Executive Order keep JFK murder evidence unavailable until 2039, 2038 or 2017?
Did Corbyn promise to write off UK student debts?
Are there "1,071 Proven Cases of Voter Fraud"?
Is Arabic the 4th most common language used on internet?
Did spaghetti originate in China?
Did Bill Clinton have his office rearranged according to Feng Shui ideas?
Was Lal Bahadur Shastri poisoned?
Is Snopes.com in Danger of Shutting down?
Did the Washington Post ever advocate Amazon's position on sales taxes?
In Miami, can you see fish from the ocean swim on the streets because of the sea level rise?
Does the USA have the highest taxes?
Did CNN broadcast this "fake news" in 1990?
Did Israel install cameras that can see through clothing on the Temple Mount?
Did JFK call himself a jelly donut in his famous Berlin speech?
What is the economic burden of having transgender people in the US military?
Is there a positive correlation between number of sexual partners and likelihood of failed marriage in the United States?
Has BrainHQ received 20 research grants from The National Institute of Health and other institutions?
Are these quotes from a book by Richard von Coudenhove-Kalergi?
Are Swans in UK property of Queen?
Did Morgan Freeman say this phrase about oppression?
How does this Craigslist scam work?
Do "Dog rocks" prevent yellow stains from appearing on my lawn?
Has Trump Pence Administration attempted to block rules restricting leaks of methane?
Will Australian unions be getting $AU22m per year from superannuation funds?
Do Jews joining the Chicago SlutWalk march have to be anti-Zionist?
Did Rote Antifa post an image of a "Will trade racists for rapists" sign?
Is the map about Islam and Aids in Africa based on factual information?
Did the Canadian government look through a catalogue of guns and ban the scary looking ones?
Is Afghanistan no more dangerous (for the population) than Brazil?
Is it best not to use Reg 85/86 petrol at an elevation in place of 87?
Does Shell get $2 billion a year in subsidies from the US government?
Was Jan Dzierżoń harassed for his work on parthenogenesis?
Does Alberta law require homeschooling parents to not teach that homosexuality is a sin?
Is it possible to get high smoking banana peel?
Can dogs have autism?
Did a lightning strike make a river roll and boil?
Has the Trump administration revoked these listed LGBT protections?
Why does the IRS want you to declare income from illegal activites?
Does Tesla's 70 kWh battery have 63 kg of lithium and if so, why?
Does the DuPont/Denka plant in Lousiana emit 250,000 pounds of chloroprene annually?
Does Congress appropriate 300 billion annually to agencies which cannot legally receive appropriations?
Has the marijuana black market in Colorado increased since the state repealed its state laws prohibiting it?
Do ultra-heavy blankets reduce stress and anxiety?
Does drinking distilled kerosene cure cancer?
Is this YouTube segment from the group known as "Anonymous"?
Do 38% of couples conceive within one month of trying to conceive?
Is this an image of Kim Jong-un with a nuclear warhead?
Does oral polio vaccine provide lifelong immunity?
Speed of light not constant as measured by many scientific / research groups, but averaged & politically standardized?
Are cheap scallops made from flounders or stingrays?
Did the Polish birth rate soar because of a curfew imposed in the 1980s?
Do utility bill printers place envelope contents to the left of the envelope?
At what age do children develop a sense of gender identity?
Was the KGB using leftists to "destabilize" nations?
Did some Moroccan teens contract rabies through bestiality?
Do inaudible sonic weapons exist?
Are global temperatures cooler in 2017 than 2007?
Did JFK have an affair with Marilyn Monroe?
Is the Specialty Coffee Association of America standard temperature for serving coffee 71-85°C?
Marriage never mentioned at UN world conference on family?
Was there violence on both sides in Charlottesville?
Is 7:30-8:15am the best time to have sex?
Did opposition fundraising stop neonazis marching?
Do biological males who were castrated at birth and raised as females often behave like stereotypical men?
Is a third of Earth's land desert?
Was Hoysaleswara Temple built with lathes?
Is this phrase attribution to BLM correct?
Did Antifa distribute this pamphlet?
Did a counter-protester at Charlottesville use a spray and lighter after being threatened with a gun and attacked with a flag?
Are black Americans more likely to commit crime against white Americans than other black people?
Did the story of Columbus and the lunar eclipse take place?
Can honey help heal wounds?
Does social media cause permanent damage to concentration capability?
Are statistics in controversial Australian antigay posters true?
Was the 2017 solar eclipse the most-observed in history?
Does stimulating the hypothalamus signal brain to store less body fat?
Do 40,000 people die in the United States for every 1% increase in unemployment?
Did Safeway help Seattle catch unlicensed dogs?
Is the Yellowstone volcano due to explode?
Has ESPN removed broadcaster Robert Lee from a game, citing the name of a confederate general?
Is this forecast predicting massive global depopulation until 2025 legit?
Do handwashs kill 99.9% of bacteria?
Did the average IQ score in France decline in recent decades?
Is there more salmonella in organic eggs
Were many vaccine-preventable diseases almost gone before vaccines were introduced?
Did a raid by a SWAT team from Joe Arpaio's office end with a house on fire and deputies laughing as a dog burned in it?
Is Mexico one of the "highest crime Nations in the world"?
Is this comparison of Carol Irving and David Laws MP accurate?
Is 90% of media in the USA controlled by six companies?
Was the disaster relief bill for Hurricane Sandy "two thirds pork spending"?
Is publicly-funded housing more likely to be in areas of large US cities with lower elevation?
Smell of a Body
Did the US / UK supply the Russians with machinery before or during the Cold War?
Do squirrels fed by humans develop cancer and heart disease?
Is there a risk to sleeping in a hammock long-term?
Are there as many neurons in the human gut as there are in the head of a cat?
Do FBI crime statistics suggest no-one died in the Sandy Hook massacre?
Do elephants rarely get cancer?
Did televangelist Joel Osteen say he would have provided shelter for Hurricane Harvey victims if asked?
Is Sports Direct 'using fingerprint recognition to ID unhappy workers'?
Is there a point of no return when starving to death?
Did Monsanto say that Agent Orange doesn't cause serious long-term health effects?
Will hair restart growing after a dietary protein deficiency is fixed?
Are these bugs baffling entomologists with their appearance and behaviour?
Is the Hindu deity Ganesha considered vegetarian by Hindus?
Is child's development in danger if living in institutions, like “orphanages”?
Did Brock Chisolm, the first director of the United Nations WHO, say this about a "world government"?
Was Hurricane Irma ever a Category 6 storm?
How much rational is RationalWiki?
Did Karl Marx write that slavery had good sides and abolishing it would indirectly destroy modern civilization?
Can a Diabetic Alert Dog detect changes in blood sugar 15 minutes earlier than a glucose meter?
Was a new monument or building discovered in Petra with Google Earth and drones?
Would Egale's recommendations for law reform make anal sex legal at any age in Canada?
Does Steven Milloy hold the degrees he claims?
Is any male over 15 years of age considered a combatant if killed by a drone strike?
Do Muslims call an inner layer of a hijab a "ninja"?
Did Yuri Gagarin end up in critical condition after coming back to Earth due to the missing magnetic field?
Does a personal choice to eat less meat help the environment?
Does caffeine increase productivity in office jobs?
Did an apple falling on Newton's head help him build his theory of gravity?
Did the bible say slavery was okay?
Did the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU) post this advert in Turkish?
Did North Korea shoot two missiles over Japan?
Were there depictions of Donald Trump holding Hillary Clinton's severed head?
Does dark chocolate benefit athletic performance?
Earned income tax credit 25% fraud?
Did Marx imply that indigenous Mexicans were racially inferior?
Did Einstein say imagination is more important than knowledge?
Was Zana from a relict hominid population?
Was there a serious campaign of women wanting to free bleed their periods in response to a 4chan prank?
Did The Beatles write "Norwegian Wood" after hearing Bob Dylan's "4th Time Around" as claimed by producer Al Kooper?
Does cubic zirconia jewelry get scratched in every day use?
Are these rape statistics correct regarding rapes of black women by white men between 2003 and 2008 in USA?
Wim Hof immune response techniques
Sexual assault epidemic on US campuses or up-playing of same situation as elsewhere?
Does the popular quote, "No artist tolerates reality", belong to Nietzsche (as people say)?
Does Kim Jong Un listen to Katy Perry?
AI can guess whether you're gay or straight – how do they get 91% success rate?
Did 13 men kill themselves after being rejected by Princess Qajar?
Does using the ZAAZ-20K engages over 90% of one's muscles?
Did a Jewish boxer survive the holocaust by fighting fellow prisoners?
Did NFL players used to remain in the locker room during the pre-game national anthem, prior to sponsorship by the Department of Defense?
Do medical studies suffer extensive publication bias?
Are Alaska, Arizona, Maine, and Kentucky net beneficiaries of the Graham-Cassidy bill?
Does the source code of the software for a high-end car contain on average around 100 million lines of code?
Are cornflakes more toxic to rats than cardboard?
Is this chart detailing incidences of homocide by race accurate?
Does hypnosis have a 93% recovery rate after 6 sessions?
Is there plastic microfiber in 83% of tap water?
Was US Marine Corps recruits' training debrutalized as a result of the publication of the movie Full Metal Jacket?
Is fear of flying far more pervasive than fear of driving?
Does the Jones Act double import prices in Puerto Rico?
Did Whiskey taxation make up 30%-50% of England's revenue?
Did a lawyer representing the Charlottesville flamethrower man say to kill little babies?
Did Trump help Puerto Rico actively?
Is this a woman imitating a robot or a real robot?
Is there any scientific basis to this "catalytic converter" to treat hard water?
Does mortality fall when doctors go on strike?
Does female genital mutilation reduce the risk of a woman's partner getting HPV?
Did the Soyuz 1 mission fail because of an ignored decimal point?
Did the North Korean Navy sink the heavy cruiser U.S.S. Chicago by torpedo boat in 1950?
Did Mormons protest social issues with the American flag in 1885?
"White people" crime?
Did an Indian man make an airplane or flying device in 1895?
Does Aloe Vera help pass drug test?
Are fully automatic firearms very hard for civilians to obtain in the USA?
Which secret societies is JFK denouncing in this speech?
Is sex a cure for depression in 50 percent of cases?
Did the Constitution of the Confederate States of America ban the slave trade?
Have parents been jailed in the USA for refusing to vaccinate their children?
Is 1 hour of shisha as harmful as smoking 100 cigarettes?
Did a woman go blind playing a mobile game?
Can someone survive being swallowed by a whale?
Did a casino in Las Vegas suffer its worst week in history after hosting a physicists conference?
Did House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi say that she hopes banning bump stocks is a slippery slope for more gun restrictions?
Does playing basketball help you grow taller?
Are there slot machines with wheels that use bingo internally?
Is divorce caused (or influenced by) genetics?
Is this a real photo of North Korean kids?
Did Islam dominate slave trade, and did Christians enter the slave market only later?
Are female surgeons less likely to kill you?
Do companies sometimes sabotage their products before selling them?
Did UNESCO pass 46 resolutions against Israel and 1 against any other country in one period?
Are more than 40% of millenials in Japan virgins?
Is the association between homosexuality and mental illness likely to have a genetic basis?
Electro-osmotic pump to keep bunker dry
Did commerical flag makers catalog and sell the second Confederate national flag as "whiteman's flag"?
Was it only Johnson & Johnson which hid the link between its Talcum powder and Cancer risk?
Do apes/monkeys open bananas from the floral end?
Was a patent ever granted for a method of making lines thicker?
Did Muhammad predict that Fatima would be the next family member to die after him?
Did secret police in the Eastern Bloc use X-ray machines to give people cancer?
Do green grapes cause more accidents on the London Underground than banana peels?
Was the cholesterol reference range set up to 200 mg/dl in order to to allow the research on statins on a wide range of population?
Did Gary Taubes prove that cholesterol levels between 200 mg/dl and 240 mg/dl are normal and healthy?
Was there any scientic research backing up the setting of the reference range of cholesterol up to 200 mg/dl?
Were the reference ranges of liver function tests set three times higher than their usual values during the research on the use of statins?
Is global persecution of Christians at historic peak?
Does porn destroy dopamine receptors?
Is there historical evidence for Christ's resurrection?
Did Harry Harlow's "monkey love" experiments cost $50M?
Did the DNC try to prevent Bernie Sanders from getting the Democratic nomination?
Does grabbing a fidget spinner in zero G cause your body to tumble rapidly?
Is it illegal to own a rabbit in Queensland unless you're a magician?
Was slipping on a banana peel an actual danger in the early 20th century?
Are the majority of modern cancer drugs useless?
Does plutonium exist in the world, apart from being manufactured?
Does placing a fly on a urinal improve cleanliness in men's toilets?
Does drinking alcohol improve foreign language skills?
Is there a Pearson's Nursing textbook that contains cultural descriptions of reaction to pain?
Does Smoking Marijuana Turn Users Tongue Green?
Are 4 out of 5 people persecuted for their religion, Christians?
Did Einstein say this about crisis?
Is bitcoin a pyramid scheme?
Has the George Soros's Open Society Foundation been banned from Austria by Sebastian Kurz?
Was there a "samurai duel" between a Montenegrin and a Japanese warrior?
Is there a scientific consensus that "no level of [ionizing] radiation is safe"?
Does keeping a robo-call telemarketing caller on the line waste the marketers resources?
Do first pregnancies tend to deliver later than the due-date?
Has any other president personally paid the family of a fallen soldier?
Did Germany's Supreme Court rule that the measles virus didn't exist?
Does yoga cause as many injuries as other sports?
Have 400 scientific papers been published in 2017 which cast doubt on Anthropogenic Climate Change?
Do the Finnish have a word for getting drunk alone in your underwear?
Do electric cars emit half the CO2 as diesel from a life-cycle perspective?
Are species becoming extinct at a rate of 0.01%-0.1% per annum?
Are Socrates' 3 tests from a historical source?
Does organic cotton use less water than conventional cotton?
Is air pollution reaching a crisis point?
Is landing in water worse than landing in trees when free-falling?
Was Carolin Gallego the secretary of Donald Trump in 1992?
Have people survived landing in swamps when free-falling?
Have people survived landing in trees when free-falling?
Is it possible to survive landing in water when free-falling?
Did the murder of Ernst von Rath partly provoke the events of "Kristallnacht"?
Are high temperatures the cause of nudity being not unusual amongst the Daasanach?
Is the cryptocurrency Bitcoin a pyramid scheme?
Killed by 9V battery (via multimeter)
Death by electroshock from 12V battery
Are Politifact's fact checks biased against Republicans?
Is a police officer 18x more likely to be killed by a black male than an unarmed black male is to be by a police officer?
Is the US tax code only 2,600 pages long?
Did only a few people in Trump's campaign know George Papadopoulos?
In the US, are three women killed each day by their male partners?
Is 90% of world trade conducted on WTO terms?
Do one out of four animal products come from sick or injured animals?
Is climate change causing jellyfish to wash up on the beach?
Do 7 out of 10 Australians support drug testing welfare recipients?
Has the American Congress blocked the CDC from studying why guns are so attractive?
Does one transaction on Bitcoin require 215 kWh?
November 4th Antifa Apocalypse?
Is tobacco smoke an antioxidant?
Was there electoral fraud at the Catalan independence referendum?
Does it take 30 seconds for a person to consciously realize that they're awake?
Was a shaved female orangutan used as a prostitute at an Indonesian brothel?
Was Swedish dentist Bernt Herlitz fired because he revealed that migrant adults were fraudulently posing as children?
Was there a Soviet anti-motorcycle-helmet campaign in the late 1950s and early 1960s?
Do fire drills make building occupants safer?
Was the Browning Automatic Rifle kept from US troops during WWI?
Is Computer Science the fastest growing science field in the history of mankind?
Did Confucius punish a correct student for arguing with an incorrect one?
Are 80% of migrant unaccompanied children in Sweden adults?
Does the fossil fuel industry benefit from trillions of dollars of subsidy from governments every year?
Did a ketogenic diet successfully treat epileptic seizures of a young girl?
Does hydrogen-infused water have these health benefits?
Could a single nuclear EMP kill 90% of Americans within one year?
Does the US Federal Government want to cut down and burn trees on a property to protect an extinct frog?
Are the new lower bounds for "high blood pressure" associated with a doubling of risk of complications?
Is austerity in the UK responsible for "120,000" extra deaths?
Did 79% of Greeks not have health insurance in 2013?
No gay porn star self-identifies as bottom?
Did NAMBLA march in Gay Pride parades in the 70s and 80s?
Did 60% of polled South Africans say the country was better run during apartheid?
Did René Descartes develop the Cartesian coordinate system by watching a fly on the ceiling?
Did Walt Disney accidentally kill someone during a game of polo?
Has net neutrality always been the way the Internet has worked?
Are there more trees in America today than there were during colonial times?
Does masturbation (or sex) help one focus better later?
Is self-discipline more important than IQ in predicting academic performance?
Do 60% of US anti-vaxxers identify as politically liberal?
Did ISP "pocket" $400 billion that was supposed to be dedicated toward fiber cable infrastructure?
Is job experience a poor predictor of job performance?
Did no genocide occur in Kosovo?
Is skepticism more influenced by one’s milieu than other personality traits are?
Do North Korean soldiers eat their leaders' feces?
Are Antifa movements also anti-government?
Has Pokémon Go caused hundreds of deaths?
Did the White House Press Secretary Lie about a Pie?
Has Trump's administration been making more human trafficking arrests than the Obama administration?
Is it healthy to sleep with the head under the blanket?
Were enough guns to arm the Marine Corps sold during Black Friday 2017?
Can venomous snakes be determined by these pupil, nostril and scale patterns?
Has the U.S. Army been conducting IQ tests on their recruits, unintentionally discovering a racial hierarchy of intelligence?
Have four out of five systematic reviews concluded that homeopathy works?
Do colder temperatures increase our hunger?
Is this true that few terror attacks are motivated by Islam?
Does Toomey's amendment to the GOP Tax Bill only benefit Hillsdale College?
Is changing what foods you like a result of changing taste buds?
Will parents be arrested in Magnolia, Texas for walking with their children onto school grounds?
Do voters refuse to believe accurate accounts of Republican tax plans?
Will the Republican tax plan cost Donald Trump "a fortune"?
Was there a picture of Freud above a urinal at Washington University?
Toy sleeping cats/dogs made from real dog/cat fur?
Do men prefer women with long hair?
Entire GOP voted against letting senators read the new tax bill?
Does too much sex, or STDs, cause urination after sneezing?
Are there fewer than 500 people researching antibiotic resistance?
Can 'resonant frequencies' kill cancer cells?
Is the average effective corporate tax rate in US only 15% in 2017?
Does the Bitcoin network consume as much energy as Denmark?
Did Russia have over a million universities in 2005?
Do we live in a post-truth era?
Did Abraham Isaac Kook say that Gentiles have different souls than Jews?
Is Britain's housing crisis caused by migrants?
Is Australia the worlds most successful multicultural country?
Do these foods affect healing after getting a tattoo?
"Women rate the strongest men as the most attractive" ...or is it always so?
Was Vladimir Putin born in Georgia and later adopted?
Is instructing a subject to crawl forward with crossed ankles standard arrest protocol?
Did tax revenue improve after tax rates were cut after Kennedy's death?
Do wifi and cellphones increase the risk of miscarriage?
Did a boy die after masturbating 42 times?
Does E15 fuel damage cars newer than 2001?
Do elevators increase radiation from cell phone use?
Is the GOP tax plan the 'largest tax cut in history'?
Did Trump predict Gillespie would lose?
Were nearly all founders of large companies existing in mid 20th century uneducated "rude mechanicals"?
Does watering plants with purified water yield better results?
Did the US spend 7 trillion in the Middle East?
Are headlines often not written by the person writing a newspaper article?
Fewer shared immune genes in a couple correlate with (or even cause) more female orgasms?
Does gerrymandering have a significant effect on the number of congressional seats won by Republicans?
Are mandatory influenza vaccinations to healthcare employees effective?
Was the UK forced to use burgundy passports by the EU?
Do elephants see humans the same way humans see puppies?
Is the Cobra 80 fire cracker "three to four times as powerful" as a hand grenade?
Was the Rotten Tomatoes audience score for “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” gamed by “trolls” and/or bots?
Are obese patients in the US commonly sent to zoos for CT scans?
Does Susan Crockford have any scientific credentials related to polar bears?
Did the fallout from American nuclear tests kill hundreds of thousands of American civilians?
Did Jodie Foster say all men over 30 are full-blown rapists?
Did Britain borrow $120 billion in 1945?
Was there a person made the quote about poetry that Poincaré responded to?
Is depression caused by chemical imbalances?
Did millions sign up for association health plans after President Trump's executive order?
Did actors playing different ape species refuse to eat together during the filming of Planet of the Apes in 1967?
"The Flat Earth Society has members all around the globe"?
Did the city of Berlin set up safe zones for women for New Year’s Eve 2017/2018?
Can men have sex every day of the year?
Did Winston Churchill say the King James Bible had been translated into more than 760 languages?
Could a tattoo encode a wave form to reproduce significant sound sample?
Has lower IQ been linked to Racism?
Are ladders more dangerous than guns?
Did the CIA hire mobsters to stage riots in Iran during 1953 coup d'etat?
Can gamma rays on an airplane damage a digital camera?
Was there ever a cable channel called The Puppy Channel which broadcasted for three years?
Are Americans besieged by high-crime immigrant communities?
Are the phosphors in fluorescent lamps dangerously anticoagulant?
Does humanity find it easier to adapt to a warm climate than a cold climate?
Is there an alignment in the separation of ancient temples / complexes?
Have public figures been recently fired for "touching a knee"
Is this a real photo of Australia?
Are raptors in Australia intentionally spreading brush fires to smoke out prey?
Do Electric Cars Inherently Consist of Fewer Parts than Combustion Engine Cars?
Were nuclear weapons not effective in ending WWII?
Does China control 85% of the supply of rare metals used in lithium batteries?
Was the Obama administration responsible for the decision to move the UK embassy and the sale of the old location?
Is this quote correctly attributed to Einstein?
Does the Gang of Six immigration plan expand Chain Migration and Visa Lotteries?
Is "Zuccarin"/"White Mullberry" effective for weight loss?
Does inserting soap into the rectum relieve constipation?
Can hypnosis drastically modify someone's behavior?
Is this a photo of a rough sleeper who froze to death?
Has president Trump been "very strict on Commercial Aviation"?
Has 2017 been the safest year in commercial aviation?
Russian scientist injects himself with 3.5 million-year-old bacteria, says he is now stronger and hasn't gotten ill in 2 years
Is stevia detrimental to reproductive function?
Mythbusters tested a material that was so explosive they didn't release the episode and contacted DARPA
Was this Harry-Potter themed text written solely by a computer program?
Does more than one unit of alcohol a day damage your long term brain function and increase the risk of dementia?
Is there a death penalty if you jump off a building (and don't die) in New York?
Is Donald Trump 6'3" and 239lbs?
Did Hitler say "Thank God I've always avoided persecuting my enemies"?
Did Obama use the Espionage act to put reporters in jail?
Is it true that in New York City there is a special law stating "It is Illegal to break the law"?
Are retail clothing prices going down significantly enough to impact the used clothing market?
Did doctors/scientists say that breaking the 4-minute mile was impossible?
Does the 'Quran Constant' tie together several aspects of the Quran?
Are 93% of meat worker marriages in shambles?
Does eating chicken during pregnancy make your baby's penis small?
Does saying "sorry" after an accident count as legal admission of fault?
Do airlines increase price on repeat visits?
Are a majority of grade-school children in Arizona Hispanic?
Do Tide Pods laundry detergent have 10 times the cleaning power of other liquid bargain brands?
Is female unemployment lowest in 18 years?
Do hallucinogens cause people to jump out of the window?
Were early hunter-gatherers monogamous?
Did Donald Trump say that the law allowing a baby to be born from his or her mother's womb in the 9th month is wrong?
Is obesity contagious?
Whose account of the response to Michael Mann's original "hockey stick" analysis is correct?
Is the Airtel music ad the most streamed song and most downloaded ringtone?
Are 19.6 pounds of CO2 produced from burning a gallon of gasoline?
Were iron nails at one time so scarce that pioneers in America burned down their cottages to retrieve them?
Were modern wheat varieties specifically selected because it was less nutritious?
Has Longitudinal Wave Interferometry ever been used to alter the weather?
Do premature infants who get massaged gain weight nearly 50% faster?
Are Indians immune to Israeli stink bombs?
Have badgers eaten coyotes?
Are Germans buying anti-rape "safety shorts"?
Do Americans use 500 million straws per day?
Have the ratings of right-wing talk radio hosts not been consistently established?
Are fish oil capsules beneficial?
Are "Confessions of an Economic Hit Man" truthful?
Does orientation relative to the Earth's magnetic poles affect humans during sleep?
Can you become immune to Snake Venom?
Has the Americans with Disabilities Act reduced employment for disabled workers?
Can a 7-Hz tone kill chickens via resonance?
Is immigration the cause of bad traffic on Queenslands M1 freeway?
Can canning tomatoes while menstruating spoil the tomatoes?
Are physically attractive people more likely to be right wing politically?
Can having parasitic worms prevent allergies or arthritis?
How lethal is Fentanyl in humans?
Has anyone ever attempted to give a cake—or other baked good—with a file or saw in it to someone in prison to help them escape?
Was the Super Bowl originally the Super Ball?
Is the BBC gender pay gap due to discrimination?
Is the US federal government still paying Civil War survivor benefits?
Did OJ Simpson murder his ex wife and Ron Goldman?
Have ATMs across the US "spat out money" in the second half of January 2018?
Was very little or no new medication developed in the USSR?
Did King Henry VIII of England explode in his coffin?
Was a teenager admitted to Stanford University after repeatedly writing #BlackLivesMatter on a supplemental essay?
Did some people in New York in 1918 board a subway feeling healthy and then die from the flu during the subway ride?
Do team-bonding exercises promote distrust?
Is there a French law governing the shape of the croissant?
Were Osama Bin Laden's family members flown out of the United States after the 9/11 attacks, during a time when there was a ban on air travel?
Is it true that besides Volkswagen, many other car companies also similarly cheated in the emission test but faced limited consequences?
Did Colonel Gaddafi have a harem of thousands of women?
Can psychedelic drugs cure depression?
Do about 100 Germans die every year due to risky masturbation?
Does anybody spend 6 hours each day just to get water?
Does the average Ivy League student have an IQ of 145?
Does each doubling of CO2 cause a 2-4°C increase?
Has anybody overdosed on marijuana and died?
Is medical self diagnosis (rather then seeing a doctor) harmful?
Did Einstein say something about stress and idiots?
Does drinking alcohol and smoking marijuana at the same time cause any trouble?
Can governments destroy the value of Bitcoin, if they wanted to?
Did Maxim Gorky say “The most beautiful words in the English language are 'not guilty'”?
Did the Garuda Purana explain the formation of embryo and consciousness before modern science?
Did the Vanderbilts from the Gilded Age bathe in saltwater?
Can people "wake up" with a new accent? (Foreign Accent Syndrome)
Can Joy Milne smell Parkinson's disease?
Does long-term marijuana use lead to a significant drop in IQ?
Was $262.9B worth of Star Wars merchandise sold in 2016?
Did archeologists find radioactive skeletons in Mohanjo-daro?
Does PETA euthanize 95.9% of all animals under its care?
Are the quotes mentioned relating to weapons similar to nuclear weapons correct translations?
Were there 18 school shootings in the US from Jan 1 to Feb 14, 2018?
Do SSRIs cause mass shootings/violence?
Did Polish government institutions collaborate with Nazis?
Were the BOSS Linux update servers hacked in 2015?
Did the UK homicide rate go up after handgun ownership was banned?
Is sponsoring a child responsible for people going to university in Mongolia?
Clifton StrengthsFinder
Is the rate of new job creation and destruction slowing down in the US?
How much does the White House pay to their employees?
Did thirteenth century scholars attempt to determine the congealing of oil by reading Aristotle?
Was Frank Pucelik's "House of Life" selected as the best young people’s treatment program in America?
Is there any evidence of individual Jews participating in the Holocaust?
Are violent video games a better explanation of school shootings than access to guns?
Is it true Democrats did not want to pass any gun control laws when they had majorities in Congress during Obama's presidency?
Did Hillary collude with Russia?
During WW2 were 2 broken ships each cut in half and welded together again?
Do these pictures depict David Hogg after two separate crises?
Did the Indian Mathematician Aryabhata discover that the earth was round and calculate diameter of earth
Did Marconi steal and patent Jagadeesh Chandra Bose's wireless technology?
Would arming teachers prevent or lessen US school schootings?
Did Donald Trump ever say whether or not to arm teachers?
Can Elderberries "beat the flu, prevent colds, and strengthen your immunity"?
Was Sargon of Akkad put in a reed basket like Moses?
Are most US mass shooters Democrats?
Are missing light bulbs a sign of P/meth use?
Were there armed guards at Columbine?
Are schools with armed guards or police safer?
Does roasting coffee in small batches produce more/better flavor?
Is the illegal nuclear waste at The Westlake Nuclear Landfill a risk to public health?
Did police search a student's home after a square root symbol was mistaken for a gun?
Did the USA used to have more guns per person that it does now?
Is Netherlands no longer able to start war without permission from Germany?
Can arming teachers prevent gun violence at schools?
Was 13 year old Tanmay Bakshi hired by Google?
Did "paranoid" crack dealers fuel adoption of semiautomatics?
Is the illegal nuclear waste at the Coldwater Creek Nuclear Landfill a risk to public health?
Did President Recep Tayyip Erdogan ask a little girl if she wanted to be a Martyr?
Did Trump promise to bring back waterboarding?
Does eating seedless fruit cause infertility?
Was Aryabhatta the first to invent place value system and zero?
Are more people killed with hammers than with guns in the US?
Did Donald Trump stop a mugger in 1991?
Did Einstein reply "Ask Tesla" when asked how it felt to be the smartest man alive?
Does the "4-7-8" method help to fall asleep faster?
Does 1°C warming increase the H2O content of the atmosphere by 7%?
Is generic creativity and critical thinking impossible to teach or assess?
Are Russian Twitter trolls exploiting the Florida school shooting?
Is there compelling proof against an alternative to the law of conservation of energy?
Is lard good for health?
Were George Washington's teeth ripped from the mouths of living slaves?
Can Rambo, the German shepherd, follow written commands?
What is the origin of this quote: "Humans live on one-quarter of what they eat; on the other three-quarters lives their doctor."
Does eating "Ganglia" cause leprosy?
Do women distinguish more colours than men?
Do only 0.6% of rapes lead to incarceration in the US?
Did Churchill come up with the idea of using civilian vessels to evacuate those trapped at Dunkirk, as portrayed in Darkest Hour?
Were there Christians trapped in the burning a Mardan church?
Have the sales of "Shape of water" dildos skyrocketed due to the success of the film with that name?
Did passengers of the Titanic predict/foreshadow its sinking?
Did the former prime minister of UK say this about the Koran?
Does the center of the Milky Way galaxy taste of raspberries?
Was there a nuclear explosion in Germany during WW2?
Are these images showing the European refugee migration to North Aftrica during world war 2?
Does drinking in moderation with parents increase the chances of alcoholism?
Is travelling by car better for preventing climate change than by plane?
How are vaccines tested for very young children or infants?
Is the recent media attention given to the USS Nimitz UFO incident a disinformation scheme?
Did Christopher Langan learn to speak when he was only 6 months old?
Did Putin threaten to have traitors assassinated?
Is oenology real?
Does Germany have a peace treaty and a constitution?
Did a Paul Ryan affiliated SuperPAC campaign to elect Democrat Conor Lamb?
Have Putin and his family stolen $300 billion or more from Russians?
Is Rub' al Khali the largest sand desert in the world?
Does Instagram withhold likes to increase usage?
Did Russia destroy all their (official) chemical weapons?
Does New Caledonia have a quarter of the world's nickel?
Is Gina Haspel wanted in Europe?
Did Thomas Jefferson predict that slavery would split the US?
Does Google Earth show missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 with "bullet holes"?
Do people become resistant to stinging nettles?
Do pricey medicines in the USA subsidise R&D for the rest of the world?
Is the US is heavily reliant on its richest citizens to support the tax burden?
Does your wifi router mess up your melatonin which messes up your sleep?
Do the mountains around this Norwegian valley act like a giant battery?
Root canals cause heart attacks?
Is this Donald Trump and did he slap the governor of Mexico City?
Does sensitatization require less allergens than elicitation?
Is high intensity interval training an efficient way to improve your cardio?
Have 5% of Danish men had sex with an animal?
What is the actual position of WHO regarding alternative medicine
Did Vichy France make shoes and sweaters from human hair?
Have the Russian state media spread 21 theories about the Salisbury chemical attack?
Is this Swedish government pamphlet a guide for men who have married underage girls?
Would eliminating cancer only change the average lifespan by 2.5 years?
Did Sultan Nur ad-Din stop two men from stealing the body of Muhammad in 1164 AD?
Did Thomas Edison steal inventions?
Has Trump freed hundreds of children per month and broken up trafficking rings?
Did Churchill say he would drink poison tea if he was married to a particular person?
Do people with mental illnesses die equal to other health issues?
Has Disney sued itself and won?
Did the study mentioned by "The virginity fraud" TEDx Talk happen?
Do defensive driving courses reduce car accidents in teenage drivers?
Was Theodor Herzl a self-confessed atheist?
Did Ben Gurion say this about conquering Palestinian land?
Can eating omega-3 enriched food improve brain capabilities?
Did Theodor Herzl adhere to Spinozism?
Did The Lancet publish an account of a woman who did not age?
What evidence would remain of the use of atomic/nuclear weapons 26,000 years ago?
Can using heated car seats reduce fertility?
Can the flu shot cause the flu?
Was a flamethrower used to incinerate Skripal's cat after its death?
Did Nobel Prize winner Linus Pauling claim that vitamin C could cure HIV?
Does tobacco kill half of its consumers?
Does corporate lobbying provide benefits to those funding it?
Is the overprescribing of pharmaceuticals now one of the leading causes of death?
Has fluoride been classified as a neurotoxin?
Are there 2400 bank robberies per year in the US?
Did al-Ghazali lead to decline of science in Islam as Neil Tyson claims?
Were Nezamiyeh (precursors to madrasas) responsible for stifling science [development] in the Islamic world?
Is llama meat popular amongst Britain's gurkha communities?
Are there more refugees now than at any time since World War II?
Was there a chemical attack in Syria in April 2018 and was Bashar al-Assad responsible for it?
Is Israel official story of the issue were correct?
Was the bombed Barzah scientific research centre inspected by OPCW in Nov 2017?
Did people in ancient times, who survived childhood and were not killed in wars, have roughly the same chance to reach old age as contemporary people?
Is Microsoft going to produce an operating system based on Linux?
As of Apr. 2018, is topical benzyl peroxide considered to be carcinogenic?
Is the Mona Lisa in the Louvre the Real one
Are records of people's deaths and births from ancient times wildly unreliable?
Are homeopaths using diluted saliva from a rabid dog as medicine?
Is a tow truck driver killed every six days on average in the US?
Were only 10% of the population vaccinated against smallpox?
Did Susan B. Anthony make these statements regarding suffrage for women and former slaves?
Do cars drop 7% in value every month?
Does atmospheric water contain minerals?
Do you need a passport to travel from Germany to the Czech Republic?
Did raising a Japanese freighter by means of ping pong balls happen?
Is this a real quote by M. Beddow Bayly and are the vaccination claims true?
Are there more performances of Shakespeare’s plays in Germany than there are in England?
Are angel food cakes cooked in tube pans because they need support?
Does the Lancet spend $5000 to cover all the costs of publishing an article?
Does SuperBrain yoga improve cognition?
Is non-fluoridated toothpaste any more effective in tooth decay prevention than mere mechanical brushing?
Is it illegal for pharmacists to tell their patients that their drugs are cheaper than their co-pay if they pay cash without using their insurance?
Is the silence of BBC Radio a key test for UK (submarine) nuclear response?
Did US flags on the moon turn white?
Is the Implicit Association Test effective at determining an individual's biases?
Did a French encyclopedia make a mistake in its Ivan the Terrible article?
Was the microwave discovered by finding food cooked in a pocket?
Is filling multiple vehicles in one transaction at a gas station a safety hazard?
Do people in only "a few countries" wear their shoes inside the house?
Was the tree planted on the Whitehouse lawn by Macron and Trump later removed?
Has the Javan devil leaf nettle (urtica urentissima) been shown to cause any deaths?
Are blue lights giving people cancer?
Are the locations of Roman roads still linked to higher prosperity today?
Did Netanyahus recent presentation on Iran's nuclear program contain no new information?
Does listening to classical music "Improve Cognitive Function"?
Does fully discharging a Lithium-based battery reduce its lifespan?
Do "crisis actors" exist to exaggerate or falsify an event?
Did all iron on Earth come from outer space?
Does Cristiano Ronaldo drink or smoke?
Is Iran in compliance with JCPOA?
Did Mueller indict a Russian company that didn't exist?
Did Jayabaya predicts cars and airplanes?
Was David Blaine's bullet catch real?
Was there a ML-backed algorithm that learnt to delete list instead of sorting it
Did a Hamas official claim that 50 of 62 fatalities in Gaza on 14 May 2018 were Hamas-affiliated?
Do US Pharma firms have an incentive to develop useless cancer drugs?
Is it true that other cultures don't see having two windows opened as a health risk?
How dangerous is removing a weapon from a heart wound?
Did the FBI plant an informant in the Trump campaign during the Obama administration?
Does going to concerts increase life expectancy?
Does SpaceX charge the US government more than European customers?
Is the laser built in Măgurele, România, the most powerful in the world?
Do Silicon Valley workers send their children to no-phone no-tablet schools?
Is "Islamic fasting" healthy?
Did Pakistan supply an F-16 fighter jet to China for reverse engineering?
Have more Americans been killed in schools than in military service this year?
Is the MacKeeper software service a scam?
Is NeuraSan effective for smoking cessation?
Did the UK pay for the prince's wedding?
Did Stevenson assert his moral right?
Does Australia have one of the Highest levels of temporary employment in the OECD?
Does using BlueTooth devices cause leakage of the blood-brain barrier?
Are handguns used in 80% of mass shootings?
Are most women sexually aroused by videos of naked women?
Do the owners of the typefaces Garamond, Times New Roman and Georgia charge businesses who use them?
Does "dressing for the job you want" help promotion?
Did Churchill urge the US to ‘wipe out’ Moscow with an A-bomb
Why do children commit mass murder in their schools?
Was the deposed Pakistani PM Nawaz Sharif working for India?
Is breastfeeding associated with a higher IQ?
Was Morocco the first country to recognize USA?
Did Valerie Jarrett say she wanted "America to be a more Islamic country"?
Does India finance terrorists in Pakistan?
Is Pakistan Military behind the deposition of former PM Nawaz Sharif?
Does drinking cattle urine have health benefits?
Did 64,000 married Indian men take their own lives in 2012 after charges of domestic abuse?
Did Pakistan military and allies rape 200-400 thousand women during the 1971 war?
Do more people die from flying champagne corks and golf balls than are attacked by coyotes?
Did India conduct a fake military strike across the Western border in 2016?
Does a dairy-free diet reduce autistic behaviour?
Does the President of the US have the right to pardon themselves?
Do people with centralist political views have a higher IQ then those with extreme political views?
Are Chinese companies hiring "developer cheerleaders"?
Is Al Qarawiyyin the oldest university in the world?
Did the Bush Administration threaten in 2006 to bomb Pakistan 'back to the stone age'?
Does each car in inner London cost society £8,000 in health and environmental cost over its lifetime?
Did Pakistan ever request China to market JF-17s to Bangladesh?
Are people who sleep on the left side of the bed happier in their job?
Does the sound of the Sun oscillate around 528 Hz?
Can “heart strings break after a deep emotional trauma”?
Can elephants be held by a single piece of rope if they grow up conditioned to believe they cannot break free?
Asking about suicidal thoughts won't push someone into doing it
Can one estimate accurately the time until sunset using the width of one's fingers?
Can Genesys' solar amplifier generate 40kW of power from a 200W solar panel?
Was Robert Capa’s famous 1936 war photo “The Falling Soldier” a faked photo?
In the American west—the world of cowboys and cowhands—was ammunition traded for alcoholic “shots” of a drink?
Is this graphic depicting Trump and Hitler accurate?
Are roughly 90% of H-1B visa workers in the IT sector paid below-market rates?
The average age of a highly skilled factory worker in the U.S. is 56 (or so)
Do the Crimean people prefer to be with Russia than with Ukraine?
Is the skeptical movement an offshoot of the Communist Party?
Did 61% of all Americans agree that 'a politician who does unethical things in their personal life can still fulfill their duties' in 2016?
Only half of students graduating with a STEM degree [in 2009] were able to find STEM jobs [then]
Melanie Shaw secret trial and incarceration
Does chlorine in water harm humans?
Is there faked Soviet footage of Yuri Gargarin's space flight?
Is it true that Trump can't watch porn at the White House?
Was Tommy Robinson transferred to a prison with a 71% Muslim population?
Did Marx's mother say she wished he would accumulate capital instead of writing about it?
Is it always snowing somewhere (on earth)?
Testing malaria without drawing the blood. Any source?
Did Karl Marx ever say "Life is struggle"?
In 1982 did then President Ronald Reagan send a letter to an 8-year-old kid congratulating him on getting a Pac-Man high score?
Did more gay men die in NYC during the AIDS crisis than US soldiers in Vietnam?
Are there shanty towns in Paris?
Is stem cell therapy effective against chronic Lyme Disease?
Has a finger grown back with ECM?
Did Hillary Clinton say that North Korea requires experienced diplomats rather than tweets?
Do the husbands of the British PM and the former drugs minister profit from the sale of medicinal cannabis?
Are crime rates up by 10% in Germany?
"Relax and Win" - Classified military method to fall asleep quick?
Did the Roman senate vote to declare Julius Caesar had been born of a virgin?
Can my coffee maker brew stronger coffee?
Can repeatedly turning on and off lights cause a fire?
Did Obama have a policy of "separating [migrant] families"?
Can the BCG vaccine cure type 1 diabetes?
Is this a real display in the United States Holocaust Museum?
Did a senior U.S. Justice Department official state that 3- and 4-year-olds can learn immigration law well enough to represent themselves in court?
Is Muhammad one of the most popular names for boys in England and Wales?
Did 5% of British users delete their Facebook accounts after the Cambridge Analytica scandal?
Did Emmanuel Macron call a teenager an "idiot?"
Does browsing Facebook make people more sad than browsing the Internet?
In Kentucky, did one man beat up another man after they both bought the same woman's vote?
Is black text on white background difficult for readers with dyslexia?
Did New York Times post this Hitler apology stating Jews baited the Nazis by trying to fight back on June 15, 1934?
Will the new EU directive ban memes?
Was—or is?—there an ICE checkpoint at the 23rd Street N/Q/R/W subway station in Manhattan?
Had ENIAC run more calculations than all mankind had done (up to 1955)?
Were the vast majority of lost manufacturing jobs since 2000 lost due to automation?
Was the Stroop Effect used to catch spies?
Did Robert Hooke publish his spring force law as an anagram?
Has the speed of light significantly slowed down over the past 6,000 years?
Almost all the US jobs created between 2005-2015 "are temporary" (alt-work)
Does Vitamin K2 MK-4 have a half-life of about one hour?
What was the real reason for India pulling out of the 1950 World Cup?
Are the claims made by Indian Ministers / personalities regarding ancient Indian inventions true?
Does vitamin D supplementation increase the need for vitamin A?
Is the MyoRing operation a successful treatment for Keratoconus?
Do we have enough renewable energy for a humanity only using electrical cars?
Can Male Giraffes Breed at 18 Years of Age?
Is this picture from an abortion clinic dumpster?
Are home owners required by law to connect gas in Victoria, Australia?
Does Condensed Milk Contain Milk?
Is there a surge in youth erectile dysfunction?
Does carrying or consuming onions help to prevent heatstroke and/or reduce your body temperature?
Did Obama defy precedent by not visiting the D-Day monument?
Did Simpsons predict President Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia?
Does attending a highly ranked high school in the US increase one's future success?
Does human excrement or toilet paper attract wild animals?
Will the new Royal Adelaide Hospital have a Muslim-only prayer room while other religions share?
Even the healthiest of elders show profoundly compromised decision making?
Does breastfeeding affect patience, altruism, and risk taking (even as an adult)
Are African-Americans more impatient than whites or Hispanics?
Are cars in Arizona melting in the 2018 summer heat?
Did 16% of French citizens support ISIS in 2014?
Is this picture from the flooded cave rescue in Thailand?
In USA the foreign-born are only a fifth as likely to be incarcerated as the native-born?
Is Boris Johnson the only politician in British history to set up a photoshoot of the signing of their own resignation letter?
Are gut bacteria a cause of depression?
Have any Ivanka Trump branded products been made in America?
Did Germany deny asylum because victim of blood feud could settle feud by giving two daughters to his enemies for marriage?
Have unions destroyed the US automobile industry?
Do diets containing meat and milk cause a large proportion of breast cancer?
Does George Soros support plans for immigrants flows into Europe?
Is there a distinction between esteem and confidence and are they independent of each other?
Are American standards on automotive turn signals demonstrably less safe than European ones?
Did Trump muse on the different names for the UK?
Were World War II scrap drives in the United States truly necessary for the procurement of raw materials?
Does Russia consider it unconstitutional to extradite its citizens?
Do Starbucks' new lids use more plastic than the previous lids plus straws?
Is Noam Chomsky right in saying the economic benefits of British colonialism to Britain were nonexistent?
Does this video show a sonic boom through a sun dog?
Were the responses in the "Can you name a country" video staged?
Did Colonel Sanders use an epithet to describe African Americans?
Is lactose intolerance an outdated diagnosis for discomfort after milk?
Are some vegetables from China being labeled as "Product of New Zealand" in Australia?
Are women biologically (rather than culturally) equally inclined to take technical jobs?
Can Flat Feet be "Corrected" through the use of Minimalist Shoes?
Is "tag" named for "touch and go"?
Was the UK's drive to acquire civilian metals to use in WW2 necessary for the war effort?
Are refugees forced across the Mediterranean Sea by traffickers against their will?
Does abuse of 'study drugs' increase school performance or learning?
Are drinking straws a minor source of ocean plastic pollution?
Did The Maharal of Prague claim this verse was recursive?
Has Richard Dawkins never learnt a language other than English?
Are dollar bills seen by the Turkish government as a secret sign of connections to Gülen?
Did Juventus sell 520,000 (or about €54M worth of) Ronaldo jerseys within 24 hours?
Did Jewish Ethiopians only discover the destruction of the Second Temple when they moved to Israel?
In the past did Martin Shkreli offer free medication for those who could not afford it?
Did Time and CNN conduct a poll showing that most parents believe their children are spoiled?
Can people identify narcissists by their eyebrows?
Drop in IQ due to immigration?
Are these women “for sale in the market in Libya”?
Is "Earth Overshoot Day" a useful or reliable metric of humanity's effect on the world?
Does a cruise ship emit as much particulate per day as one million cars do?
Does the Iranian Navy have long-range phased array radar systems?
Is British MP and Brexit campaigner Jacob Rees-Mogg receiving support on social media from known Kremlin networks?
Are most humans infected with parasites that water fasting can eliminate?
Does vegetarian sweat smell better?
Is the Katy Freeway the widest in the world?
Did 20th-century Marxists acknowledge that the central social predictions of Marxism were wrong?
Is fat as bad as we are led to believe?
Did NASA use CGI for the Apollo mission trainers?
Did Republicans select a nazi, neo-Confederate, pedophile, and pimp as general election candidates?
Do one in three workers in Romania work for minimum wage?
US trade deficit and the iPhone
Are a third of the crimes in Italy committed by migrants?
Quasi-consensus among economists that neither trade deficits nor surpluses are necessarily 'good' or 'bad' for an economy?
Will leaving a baby to cry cause brain damage?
Is the F-35 aircraft literally invisible?
Did President Carter state that the United States had developed "an invisible plane"?
Does Smoking/Boozing Cause Erectile Dysfunction?
Are discrepancies between exit polls and official election results in the US usually indicative of systematic election problems?
Did Odigo employees receive warning of the 9/11 terror attacks?
Did Air Force personnel tell Trump the F-35 is something "you can't see"?
Do you need photo ID to buy groceries in the United States?
Did Francis of Assisi say/write "Start doing what is necessary..."?
Was Paul Manafort exonerated for the crimes he’s now charged with?
Is this Singapore school letter about exams real?
Did Hitler use a verse from the Quran in one of his speeches?
Did Trump hire actors to support him at his campaign announcement?
Why aren't we using AI to inform our militaries?
Was Trump late for his meeting with the Queen?
Does Great Britain have the lowest state pensions (relative to average wages) in the OECD?
Do a majority of people believe the moon landings were faked?
Is Germany paying for vacations for refugees to the refugees' home countries?
Have coelacanth fossils younger than 65 million years been found?
Does the US military use an Xbox 360 controller to control one of their EOD robots?
"Give me a child" Quote from B. F. Skinner
Are there millions of cases of girls raped by Muslim men in Europe which resulted in only 222 convictions?
Did the vedas accurately describe the planetary system like elliptical orbits and Sun being the centre?
Neil Armstrong: “One small step for man” or “one small step for a man”?
Is it safe for a child to sleep near a baby monitor?
Does one SUV tank of ethanol "take as much grain as could feed a person for a whole year?"
Was an elderly woman forcibly euthanized in the Netherlands?
Is lack of adequate funding a substantial factor determining the poor accuracy of US state-level polls?
Is at least $70 million in health care costs in the USA directly attributable to low literacy?
Was Christopher Steele told to stop collecting information about a Trump-Russia ties?
Is the “climate change” responsible for the 2018 European heatwave?
How long do disposable plastic shopping bags take to break down
Does Florida have a law which states that unmarried women are not allowed to go parachuting on Sundays?
Is keyless theft/relay theft a practical threat for vehicles with fob/keyless entry?
Do the recent changes in US drug policy correlate with an increase in people moving from prescribed opioids to heroin?
Has Israel interfered in US Elections?
Do pharmaceutical companies contribute to anti-drug campaigns?
Antistatic bracelet without a ground connection
In California, is water from the north diverted into the Pacific Ocean?
Did Talleyrand say "If we go on explaining we shall cease to understand one another"?
Is this Pfizer’s official Facebook page?
Is Roundup weed killer carcinogenic?
Is this news article from 1912, essentially explaining climate change, real?
Is aerial firefighting an effective way of combating forest fires?
Is the discovery of tuff amongst dinosaur fossils in Utah incompatible with scientific consensus about dating of the fossils?
Does wearing tight boxers lead to lower testosterone levels?
Do certain fruit combinations ripen faster?
Is it possible have a cell fusion by just injecting human sperm to an unfertilized chicken egg?
Does light pollution matter for Insect declines and agroecosystems?
Did Monsanto know through internal documents that roundup causes cancer?
Is this meme about the former prime minister of India true?
Have phone scammers recorded "Yes" statements to fraudulently authorise payments?
Is "C'est pour cela que je suis née" a real quote from Joan of Arc?
Did Trump say that laziness is a Black trait?
Do (non-British) EU citizens make up 95% of the veterinary workforce in UK food production?
On average in the US, is there a mass shooting 9 out of every 10 days?
Do noise cancelling headphones protect hearing?
Will taxing EU-made cars at 25% invert the US-EU trade deficit?
Was JFK's 1960 election win due to fraud?
Do Rife machines kill viruses and bacteria?
Did a group meditation in Delhi (1988-1990) influence the world peace?
Is the crime rate for undocumented immigrants "considerably lower" than that of Trump campaign staffers?
Is the foreskin of a baby connected to the glans in a similar way to a fingernail on a finger?
In ritualistic use, did "virgin blood" originally mean "unused blood"?
Are there diseases that correlate with an “endocannabinoid deficiency”?
Is Boston Dynamics developing the quadruped robot in this video?
Was it facial comparison technology that caught an impostor at Dulles airport?
Has anyone been convicted of campaign finance violations by paying an informant before an election?
Is bare-knuckle boxing a safer combat sport than regular boxing in terms of brain trauma?
Can the Hyperloop infrastructure implode due to a single crack?
When John McCain was shot down was his mission to bomb a civilian light bulb factory?
Is Neil de Grasse Tyson's claim that the Gregorian calendar is the "most accurate calendar ever devised" true?
Was the Buddhist monk who self-immolated in protest of the Ngo Dinh Diem policies intoxicated?
Do large groups performing Transcendental Meditation lead to city-wide reductions in crime?
Did the maps for services such as Snapchat, CitiBike and StreetEasy label New York City as “Jewtropolis” for a brief amount of time?
Do most drug users not become addicted?
Did the Catholic Church forbid the use of forks in Medieval times?
Does the US spend more public money (i.e. tax/capita) on Health Care than other developed countries?
Has the claim that there's a causal relationship between poor air quality and death been debunked?
Did Jean-Claude Juncker claim that more than 80% of EU citizens want to abolish daylight saving time?
Do plastics lower testosterone?
Did any U.S. president try to set up an interest free monetary system in the past?
Does baking soda help reducing pesticides from fruits and vegetables?
Does putting silver into clothing reduce the amount of odor-causing bacteria?
Are American schools frequently short of essential textbooks?
Did over half of the women who had abortions in Canada do so because they were pressured to?
Male circumcision causes eardrum to burst?
Did climate scientists in the 1980s predict a 1 meter sea level rise by now?
Did Giordano Bruno say what is reported in this quote?
Are people happier in the countryside?
Were illegally immigrating children held in cages during the Obama administration?
Is the presidential family net worth growth/loss portrayed in this infographic true?
Did Donald Trump get America's GDP growth to 4.2%?
Did Tesla calculate the cubic root of the mass of his food before eating?
Did Barron Trump wear a "I'm with Stupid" shirt next to his father?
Have Nike's sales jumped 31% after signing Kaepernick?
Did some people in the UK get £100k in benefits?
Was there Cyrillic text visible on Intel 386 chips after decapping?
Does the Sargentini Report contain 37 factual errors?
Did a non-US Hungarian citizen get extradited to the United States for not reporting an American customer of his bank?
Does chewing gum increases the attention span?
Are people with a high IQ not allowed to become police officers in New London?
Is shooting a bald eagle a criminal offense in the US?
Did more Vietnam vets kill themselves after the war?
Do more Israelis die from peanut allergies than Palestinian conflict?
Does Flanders have the highest density of General Practitioners globally?
Did close to 3,000 Puerto Ricans die in Hurricane Maria?
Was the 2,975 death toll from hurricanes in Puerto Rico inflated, as President Trump claims?
Dose milk give or worsen autism?
Is a Belgian court letting Puigdemont sue for just 1€?
Updating voicemail when there is no service, wifi, or electricity
Is addiction a disease?
Drinking 3 glasses of milk per day doubles a woman's chances of death?
Is Melbourne the third-largest `Greek city' in the world?
Can robots develop prejudices on their own?
Is it true that Hurricane Florence saved lives?
Correlation between BSE/CJD and Brexit vote
Do 10 Asian and African rivers generate 90% of plastic trash in the ocean?
Is burning 1ha of grassland more environmentally damaging than 6000 cars?
Do conspiracy theories have an overwhelming tendency to be linked with the USA?
Do certain non-verbal physiological signs always precede the use of violence?
Using Ad blockers is good for websites
Has illicit cryptocurrency mining surged 459 percent in 2018 compared to last year?
Is Google causing 40% of the CO2 emission of all internet traffic?
How frequent is depression among phd students?
If a man gets raped, does he have to pay childsupport in practice?
Does the Wowfixit screen protector harden phone screens?
Did a Harvard teacher recommend thanking God to be happier?
Are humans and chimps innately afraid of and attracted to reptiles or snakes?
Is Moscow metro the only profitable metro in the world?
Do lobsters get stoned with marijuana?
Does boiling water with solid silver kill germs?
Does Alpecin Caffeine Shampoo help to reduce hair loss?
2 % of 'the rich' pay 50 % of taxes in Germany
Are black people disproportionately shot more than other people in America?
Do women earn less than men for the same exact work?
Was there ever a speech by USSR officials before 1950 where it was asked of Soviet women to uphold traditional female roles?
Do lullabies help children fall asleep?
Did GOP senators say these things about Kavanaugh allegations?
Does America not lead the world in mass shootings?
Are Russian made weapons poor in quality?
Is there evidence that women who said they were sexually assaulted by Trump lied for money?
Did Christine Ford testify both that she drank alcohol and didn't drink alcohol at the party where she was assaulted?
Do women in all-women shops earn less then men in all-men shops?
Indonesian adrift surviver water situation
Is this a picture of Ted Cruz as a mime?
Are results of carbon dating cross referenced by other methods?
Is China placing advertisements seeking to influence the upcoming American mid-term elections?
Did Senator Biden deny that FBI investigations can add anything to the SCOTUS confirmation process?
Has Dr. Christine Blasey Ford written over 65 peer-reviewed articles?
Are the various claims regarding Ancient Indian Science made in the AICTE/MHRD new book "Bharatiya Vidya Sar" for a Indian Elective Course true?
Was the SCOTUS the last thing on Dr. Christine Blasey Ford's mind when she made her allegations during therapy in 2012?
Does mifepristone (RU-486 / Korlym®) help cure depression?
Did Wario say a swear?
Were Dacians in North and South America 9,000 years ago?
About another answer; it seems to me not one, but two of the sources are irrelevant
Did the Israeli paper Ma'ariv run an article titled "The Jews Who Run Clinton's Court" in 1994?
Did Lord Kelvin say "If you can not measure it, you can not improve it"?
Are moral philosophers more moral than other philosophers?
Did The US founding fathers consider only property owning males over 21 could vote?
Is Youtube primarily a male domain?
Is Plant-e an actual company stating a serious premise?
Do rich Americans pay a lower portion of their income in federal taxes than the middle class?
Do 90% of rape cases in the UK go unreported?
Can the human brain move objects without touching them?
Did Johann Wolfgang von Goethe invent a speed-reading technique?
Did Martin Luther King Jr. say "Do you know that Negroes are 10 percent of the population of St. Louis and are responsible for 58% of its crimes?"
Are scammers using social media fake-news sharing behaviour to identify and target gullible people?
Do the "Presidential Alerts" give the government full access to all phone functionality?
Are *some* Democrats talking about ending pre-existing condition protections?
Does this statue outside a school in India depict a Hindu Brahmin begging in front of Virgin Mary?
Can wifi signals be used to read lips?
Is one in five women the victim of rape/sexual assault?
Was Ross Capicchioni shot by a friend as part of a gang initiation?
Did Aisha Poison Muhammad?
Was the German V2 rocket the only weapon whose production killed more than its use?
Do an overwhelming majority of rapes not involve relatives?
Have scientists found 700,000-or-more visible annual ice layers?
Was the Banksy painting 'Girl with balloon' shredded after its auction?
Is 49% of Indonesia's wealth owned by 1% of its population?
Is the median income for African Americans at an all time high?
Did Trump say “going loco”?
Could 100,000 lives a year be saved thanks to data-mining?
Would a hypothetical introduction of 2 swimming pools per second of water result in 6 inches of sea level rise this century?
Is Brian Kemp, Georgia’s Secretary of State, openly suppressing the right to vote?
Does Social Security have a $2.5T surplus?
Does China plan to launch artificial moons?
Do Americans tend not to travel outside the United States?
Is Facebook deleting Facebook Pages for criticizing the police?
Has regulated hunting never led to threatened or endangered wildlife populations?
Does the Caravan have Middle Easterners?
Did a victim of Weinstein testify in a letter that the acts performed were consensual?
Is this animation showing the moon's librations a real capture or generated?
Real Risk of Bankruptcy after a Lottery Win?
Does requesting a bilingual trial often result in dismissal?
Is the Taylor oil spill on the scale of Deepwater Horizon?
Do leftist groups claim that "the Caravan" was "cooked up by Republican operatives"?
Did Facebook ads significantly influence voting behaviour in the 2016 presidential election?
Did Antifa Exist as a Group in the USA Between 2000 and 2017?
Did Otto Warburg make this claim about diseases in an alkaline environment?
Does the US Army move tanks in bulk to Ukraine?
Does eating cucumber with tomato cause indigestion?
Can you extract over 500 gallons of water from the air a day for a few cents per bottle?
Is there any evidence of a secret level of deeply-hidden web-pages called "Marianas Web"?
Do video gamers tend to be conservative and have a large voter turnout?
Did a NY Supreme Court judge give positive reviews about USSR prisons?
Did a man get heckled for dressing up as a Nazi—and dressing up his son as Adolf Hitler—at a local Halloween event in 2018?
Are 2 million Uighurs and Muslim minorities put into political camps
Do spiders never stop growing during their lifetimes?
Does Chinese astrology influence death rates?
If cows were a country, would they rank 3rd in greenhouse gas emissions?
Were official poverty rates in India distorted by changes to dietary needs?
Have we wiped out 60% of vertebrate populations since 1970?
Does eating organic food reduce your cancer risk?
Do cars produce more emissions idling than when in motion?
Are US workers legally required to pay income taxes?
In Massachusetts, can someone be "arrested and fined up to fifty-thousand dollars" for reporting suspicious behavior in a women's bathroom?
Do more people drown in deserts than die of thirst?
Is the Worldview or any other satellite series going to provide global daily coverage at 30 centimetre resolution?
Do different colors of carrots have different health benefits?
Does Amazon use Oracle instead of AWS to run their business?
Was iOS twice as memory-efficient as Android?
Did a leaked email reveal that NATO and France had Gaddafi killed to prevent the release of a new gold-backed currency?
Is gender studies a science?
Does a vortex vessel affect water in these specific ways?
Did hundreds of birds die in a park the Netherlands? What caused it?
Are Republicans running ads with images of bundles of cash specifically against Jewish candidates?
Did the Neolithic Revolution increase infant mortality rates?
Would higher taxes on sausages and bacon save hundreds of thousands of lives every year?
Is this accident footage authentic?
Did Mussolini say it will be "a century of the Left"?
Were many former American slaves put back into virtual slavery after the civil war?
Does sitting on cold surfaces cause hemorrhoids?
Did Alan Turing ever say “Sometimes it is the people no one can imagine anything of who do the things no one can imagine”?
Do fireworks kills birds, dogs and other animals?
Is the USA “not even in the top 10 when one compares international death rates resulting from mass shootings”?
Was the video Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted out against Jim Acosta altered?
Does New York City have a room for teachers suspected of sexually assaulting pupils?
Did Republicans take 10 of 13 Congressional seats in the 2018 North Carolina general election with roughly the same number of votes as Democrats?
Are monitors with an IPS (in-plane switching) panel better for the eyes?
Are parents more supportive of their children transitioning if they are homophobic?
In the U.S., is more water used for electric generation, and more electricity used for water infrastucture, than anything else?
Did a malware using only sound transmissions between speakers and microphones to cause infection exist?
Was there a diorama at the Chicago Museum of Science where children could play shooting at a Vietnamese village?
Did the UN warn "we have 12 years to limit climate change catastrophe"
Did the 2008-9 flu shot increase the risk of getting the H1N1 flu?
Do people with flu shots shed the influenza virus more than those who aren't vaccinated?
Was cannibalism acceptable amongst the Aztecs?
Are some police in Mexico acting as hired killers?
Does this dog food double the lifespan of dogs?
Are most cases of polio derived from the polio vaccine?
Is redefining the kilogram useful for drug development and nanotechnology?
Was there DEA headquarters located on top of a strip club?
Did a UN backed police force carry out a massacre in Haiti?
Is there a relationship between the words "night" and "eight"?
Did Charles Dickens say “The New Testament is the very best book that ever was or ever will be known in the world.”?
Was the recent bust of 12 people in Florida the largest food stamp bust in history?
Do Humidifiers Increase Risk of Respiratory Infections?
Do electromagnetic fields affect stress and the fight or flight response?
Must the surface of all standing water have a certain degree of convexity (every part must be an arc of a circle)?
Did a baby named Netflix de Jesús get registered this year in Colombia?
Did the Virgin Mary, Mother of Jesus, wear a hijab?
Was Joseph Mifsud working for Western intelligence agencies?
Did the Falkland Islanders only have peat as fuel until the arrival of the Argentine oil companies?
Are these photos of burned home surrounded by pristine trees in California due to the forest fires real?
Do UV air purifiers reduce the risk of being infected by the common cold or the flu?
Does Sipping Soda Through a Straw Prevent Tooth Decay?
Does Honey Promote Tooth Decay or Prevent It?
Has the USA used CS gas at the Mexican border since at least 2010?
Do ultrasonic scalers produce shockwaves that damage bacterial cells in the mouth?
Was Kepler's sci-fi book "Somnium" used as evidence in his mother's witchcraft trial?
Does UV-A light from sunlight damage our vision?
Does CS tear gas permanently damage children?
Did Brother Yun escape a maximum security prison without help?
Did the number of U.S. Food & Drug Administration food safety inspections fall from the 1972 to 2006?
Authenticity of Quote - Eating with fork and knife like love via interpreter
Is this heart transplant denial letter from an insurance group?
Did Alfred Kinsey sexually abuse children for his studies?
Do "smart meters" bring about any significant savings?
Does normal paper currency contain enough narcotics residue to attract a drug-sniffing dog?
Was George H. W. Bush the "youngest pilot in the US Navy"?
Healing Tooth Decay via Electrically Accelerated and Enhanced Remineralisation?
Does General Relativity bring "Cosmic Time," which is the same for all frames-of-reference?
Do antibacterial coatings in fridges reduce bacterial load?
Will smart meters cost each UK household 420 GBP?
Is there a detectable bias in drug-sniffing dogs based on handler belief of presence of drugs?
Did Einstein say: "I'm doing just fine, considering that I have triumphantly survived Nazism and two wives"
Are polyfluorinated chemicals linked to men's penises being smaller?
Has Virgin Galactic flown any tourists yet
Is large Muslim immigration within an European country a cause for higher sexual violence in that particular country?
Is Dalmatia one of the rainiest places in Europe?
Are these 'French children held at gun point'?
Will the United Nations global compact on migration make it a criminal offense to criticize migration?
Were there fewer first-home buyers in Australia in 2017 than seventh-home buyers?
Have people died by being shocked through the headphone cord of their cell phone?
Is there as significant danger to frequent close contact with a pet dog?
Do "Zombie bacteria" live for millions to tens-of-millions of years?
Were Trump's tax cuts the largest in American history?
Does turning the lamp in my classroom off and on use more energy than it being turned on for 30 minutes?
Do day-care centres lower the IQ of children?
Does central heating contribute to obesity?
Is the US saving enough money from the USMCA to pay for the Wall?
Does Earthing Therapy reduce cortisol secretion and help sleep?
Does too much deuterium clog up our mitochondria?
Do lipid droplets in our skin create a laser?
Is in vitro steak, not ground or bits, possible in the near future?
Does the Black Knight satellite exist?
Do SOTHYS youth serums help prevent skin aging, sagging, and wrinkles?
Does Sandiaga have a 8.4 trillion rupiah debt?
Is the equity ratio of US banks around 3%?
Is the Clinton Foundation currently under investigation?
Was the Polish army the fifth largest in 1939?
Is this chart of executive branch criminal prosecutions accurate?
Does excess salt in food cause thousands of deaths per annum in the UK?
Did Facebook allow Netflix, Spotify, and the Royal Bank of Canada to read users' private messages?
Did Canada "mandate the content of voluntary speech"?
Do water pillows improve sleep quality?
Did Bob Corker ask Trump for his endorsement?
Can the US president order the army into construction?
Has Trump authorized the construction of 115 miles of border wall?
Is this picture of the melting ice at the North Pole legitimate?
Would the top 100 men in most physical sports beat each of the top 100 women?
Did A. I. Root witness a Wright machine flying on September 20, 1904, as he claimed?
Does commercially-produced cotton cloth contain unhealthy chemicals that cause fertility problems?
Could "Generation Z" be the most conservative one since WW2?
Will the US military receive a 10% pay raise in 2019?
Did Gustave Whitehead achieve powered flight before the Wright brothers?
Did Trump reveal the identities of a SEAL team in Iraq?
Do people in USA have to take an unpaid vacation day to vote?
Is it possible to die from overwork?
Was the United States the equal fifth deadliest country for journalists in 2018?
Do gang-members often hold their guns sideways?
Are eggs safe to consume once they reach 70 degrees celsius
Did 120,000 Egyptians die building the Suez Canal?
Can ridges on the bottom of shakers be used to help with dispensing?
Do vegan diets have lower environmental impact?
Did new Brazilian president Bolsonaro say he'd rather have a dead son than a gay one?
Did a prisoner die of needlestick injury when he was told that it was snake bite?
Are these claims about Japan’s health system true?
Is the biggest terror threat in the US white men?
Was it illegal in Venezuela for doctors to list starvation as cause of death for children?
Do Low-skill workers earn one cent in extra income for every 19 cents the government spends on walling off Mexico
Does homosexuality in males steeply decline with age?
Does drinking coffee interfere with magnesium absorption?
Is the Earth flat?
Is there a 2.5 mile diameter object crawling along the Pacific floor?
Does 5G pose health risks?
Did the Mayo Clinic in the 1900s find 4-5 quarts (~4 litres) of raw milk a day to be healthy?
Did an unmarried couple in Iran get shot for holding hands in 2007?
Did hominids and non-avian dinosaurs ever coexist?
Were there more suicides than violent deaths worldwide in 2018?
Is it less dangerous to box without gloves than with gloves?
Do illegal immigrants commit more murders than mass shooters?
Is only 4% of original forest left in the US?
Has the FTSE lost more value in 12 months than the UK has paid into the EU during the 45 years since they joined?
Was the wheel invented before the wall?
Have Democrats attacked Trump's proposed wall as "medieval"?
Did college students clamor for cyanide pills in student health clinics in the 1980's in America?
Will rats given the ability to artificially stimulate their pleasure centers starve to death?
Is the European NO₂ limit of 40 µg/m³ for outside air backed by strong evidence?
Does getting regular adjustments by a Chiropractor help prevent getting or lessen the severity of any diseases?
Does Heads Up Texas Hold'em have more possible hands than atoms in the universe?
Is this image of a skinny polar bear misleading?
Will the Sheikh Jaber Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah be the 'longest bridge' in the world?
Does elective single embryo transfer (eSET) reduce pro-life hangups against IVF?
Does YouTube delete video dislikes?
Did fake news on Facebook influence US elections in 2016?
Chocolate milk drink and brown cows
Was the quantity of Fentanyl imported in 2018 enough to kill every American?
Did only one banker in the US go to prison for the Financial Crisis of 2007-08?
Is vaping a healthier alternative to smoking?
Is fever (temperature) below 106° F harmful?
Do a significant proportion of the British public think "no-deal" Brexit means staying in the EU?
Does carbon dioxide pollute the atmosphere?
Do fevers caused by infection not exceed 105 °F (40.6 °C)?
Were 59% of British people unable to name the then Prime Minister David Cameron in 2015?
Does Saw Palmetto extract reverse hair loss?
Is it useful for K12 students to be equipped with laptops?
Did Gigi Wu ("bikini climber") die of hypothermia because she was only wearing a bikini?
Do Gunnar glasses (or similar) reduce eye strain more than changing the blue levels of a LCD screen?
Does the Earth only have 60 years of harvests before the top soil is lost?
Is the global inequality as measured by the Gini index rising or falling?
Does the UK subsidise fossil fuels more than other European countries?
Did Donald Trump dare Nancy Pelosi to cancel his State of the Union speech?
Did Hillary Clinton pay Russian officials 30 million dollars, through her campaign to get dirt on Trump?
Did Hillary Clinton support legalising such late-term abortions of fetuses as claimed by Ben Shapiro?
Does aluminium in deodorants cause cancer?
Does crop burning in Cambodia contribute to particulate levels in Bangkok?
"We do not need 2000 miles of concrete wall from sea to shiny sea. We never did. We never proposed that" Has Trump ever proposed a ~2K mi border wall?
Were the boys unconscious during the Tham Luang cave rescue?
Do spoilers increase enjoyment of a story?
Central heating cheaper to run 24 hours or on timer?
Can a US President's declaration of emergency be overridden by simple majorities of both chambers of Congress?
Did John Bolton hold a notepad with the text "5000 troops to Colombia" written on it when he announced new sanctions against Venezuela?
Were hunter-gatherers peaceful egalitarians?
Does the tipping function on Instacart pay the company instead of the shopper?
Was beer more important than food in the development of organised civilisation?
Did the Houston Police Department intentionally target the house on Harding Street?
Is the majority of milk in industrialized countries obtained from pregnant cows?
Are 30% of human embryos "spontaneously aborted"?
Is the apparent drop in insect deaths on windshields due to a decline in insect populations?
Is the restoration of peat bogs an effective way to slow down human-made climate change?
Are car headlights getting brighter?
Were 50°C (122°F) days recorded across Australia during the 1800s?
Did the restaurant chain Olive Garden have warranty terms for their pots that prevent salting the cooking water?
Did Neomi Rao defend dwarf-tossing?
Are roads more dangerous when it first rains?
Is Ruth Bader Ginsburg alive as of February 2019?
Are two layers better at insulating body heat than one double-thickness layer?
As of February 2019, were US wages rising at the "fastest pace in decades"?
Is the use of X for unknown quantities taken from the Arabic word "shay"?
Is forced organ donation widespread in China? (强制摘取犯器官的行为已经实施了?)
Did Jerry Rubin eat so many carrots he turned orange?
Is the Wonderlic test cross validated by any other test or data?
Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez or her office write and publish this FAQ concerning her Green New Deal?
Do night driving glasses make it easier to see at night?
Is this an authentic US army pamphlet about Red Army, issued to soldiers in 1945?
Is Collectivism the cause of the 10 worst famines of the 20th century?
Have the UK official alcohol limits been reduced to a quarter of the levels recommended in 1979?
Will koalas eat pre-plucked eucalyptus leaves?
Did Dr Ulrich Mellinghoff Suggest 140Km/h would be a safer limit on Australian roads?
Did a Tesla car collide with a Russian robot?
Were there no "white" people in Virginia between 1619 and 1679?
Does the Sion electric car solar cells provide enough charge for up to 30km travel per day?
Do Japanese crows use traffic to crack nutshells?
Does skip-lagging/hidden city travel make flights more expensive?
Is drug testing done on extremely poor people?
Was Opportunity's last message to Earth "My battery is low and it's getting dark"?
Was anyone murdered, disappeared, or died suspiciously to cover up the Deepwater Horizon disaster?
Are DNA testing companies building a DNA database for commercial applications?
Was the death rate in Boer War concentration camps the same as in Glasgow?
Do US sanctions against Venezuela outweigh the aid being sent?
Do 100,000 foreign spies reside in the US?
Is it possible to determine if a person has had receptive anal sex through a physical exam?
Does raspberry jam serve as fever reducer?
Did President Obama state he was close to starting a war with North Korea?
Did more than 900 people die of measles in Madagascar since October 2018?
Did diseases, decrease over 90% before the introduction of vaccines?
Are men more likely than women to accept an offer for casual sex?
Does Skippy chunky peanut butter contain trans fat?
Do transgender women athletes have an advantage over cisgender women athletes?
Would the Green New Deal cost 600k per household?
How many middle class families' tax burden was less in 2018 because of Trump's tax cuts?
Did this Facebook group criticizing Lady Gaga exist before 2008?
Did the Trump admin. hire an Israeli private security firm to spy on Obama aides?
Could Michael Cohen reduce his sentence by cooperating with, or lying to, Congress?
Did Michael Jordan sell a used shirt for $1250?
Does non alcoholic beer have roughly the same alcohol as orange juice or a ripe banana contain at .5% alcohol?
Are hogs scalded alive in slaughterhouses?
Does Denver International Airport have Pneumatic Tube Systems?
Are North American children adopting British accents because of Peppa Pig?
Does detergent help clean clothes in washing machines?
Was 38.2 billion tons of carbon dioxide added to the atmosphere in 2011?
Did Amazon pay $0 in taxes last year?
Did Paul Offit, MD, say that aluminum plays an important role in the development of a healthy fetus?
Are there major negative health effects from living next to a coal power plant?
Do the Irish have on average a 8 point lower IQ then the British?
Do organised anti-vaccination groups stand to gain anything?
Are sports drinks more effective at hydrating athletes than water?
Have textbook prices in the US more than doubled in the last 15 years?
Is the rate of food poisoning in the USA much worse than the rate in the UK?
Is Bhutan the only carbon neutral/negative country?
Claim that CO2 is less relevant because it is logarithmic
Does this video of collapsing warehouse shelves show a real incident?
Did Jim Lovell accidentally swear at Mission Control?
Do EU countries have the right to close their airspace to a particular plane model?
Is sleep "defragmentation" for your brain?
Was the debris of a missile presented by India authentic?
Did India shoot down any Pakistani F-16 on 27th February 2019?
Is this a real picture of Jordan Peterson in New Zealand with a fan wearing a shirt that says "I'm a Proud Islamaphobe"?
Has the US killed close to half a million since 9/11?
Has the laser at Magurele, Romania reached a tenth of the Sun's power?
Does the chemical in mint raise your tongue's perceived freezing point?
Does cutting paper dull a knife quickly?
Did Dubai sentence someone to four years in jail for possession of three poppy seeds from a bread roll?
Does the USDA burn food every week?
Do ice cubes with holes in them come from a purified water source?
Did US corporations pay demonstrators in the German demonstrations against article 13?
Do a diver and a clownfish share a 10 year friendship?
Does blue light from screens (phone, computer, TV) before sleep affect sleep?
Did Bear Grylls see Rob Hall's body on Everest?
Was breaking apart coins for change ever a common custom?
Did the IMF admit that capital controls have been successful in Malaysia?
Do windmills take more energy to build than they could produce?
Is Alnatura preventing unionizing of its workers?
Is drinking a half-bottle of wine a night ‘as bad as three cigarettes’
Why some nurses are getting pregnant simultaneously?
Do islamic countries have an higher than average porn consumption despite porn being banned in them?
Is micro rebar a better way to reinforce concrete than rebar?
Did the USS Buck (DD-761) send the message "Temper, Temper"?
Did a homeowner fend-off three armed intruders with a high capacity magazine?
Does Germany produce more waste than the US?
Does the Idaho Potato Commission associate potato skins with healthy eating?
Did Ayn Rand use the term "ineptocracy"?
Did Archduke Franz Ferdinand mow down animals with a machine gun?
Does the EU fund you only if you legally agree not to damage the EU's reputation in any way?
Can mercury inhalation from dental amalgams cause Alzheimer's disease?
Can light travel at 30x the speed of light?
Are white and non-white police officers equally likely to kill black suspects?
Did Xóchitl Lopez invent a water heater?
Do coca leaves help relieve symptoms of altitude sickness?
Does USA imprison people of color at a higher rate than whites for the same crime convictions?
Are US workers highly taxed if you count health premiums?
Is bread bad for ducks?
Do smart sensor posture trainer help people to effectively improve their posture?
Is the "walrus scene" a result of climate change?
Did Rudyard Kipling describe any drink as "from the clippings and shavings of angels' wings"?
Do only ~2.4% of participants in large-scale genetic studies have African ancestry?
Did Scotland spend $250,000 for the slogan "Welcome to Scotland"?
Did 3000BC Egyptians use meteoric iron weapons?
Did the Taliban shoot down a US B-52 Bomber on or around April 10th, 2019?
Are spiders unable to hurt humans, especially very small spiders?
Has there been a rise of flat-Earthers?
Were the people in "Inis Beag" the most sexually repressed and the people in "Mangaia" the most sexually liberated in the world?
Did the UK government pay "millions and millions of dollars" to try to snag Julian Assange?
Was credit for the black hole image misattributed?
Do European deer still stick to their sides of the Iron Curtain?
Did the CIA conclude that Uri Geller had psychic powers?
Did the creator of Unix say "One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code."?
Does illegal immigration in the usa strain social services?
Did David Prowse know his voice would not be used for Darth Vader?
Is Texas, a relatively warm state, one of the leading states in hypothermia deaths?
Did Craig Wright create Bitcoin?
Is it true that "carbohydrates are of no use for the basal metabolic need"?
Is pollution the main cause of Notre Dame Cathedral's deterioration?
Do crows like to get dizzy?
Do wooden building fires get hotter than 600°C?
Do dolphins intentionally intoxicate themselves with puffer-fish venom?
Is CEO the "profession" with the most psychopaths?
Are Carpal Tunnel Syndrome exercises effective?
Did the "Windows Web Browser Choice Screen" enforced by the EU make a difference?
Is it bad for an elephant’s back to carry a human?
Did "ancient people who spoke languages that didn't have words for numbers greater than three" keep track of sheep using stones?
Has ExxonMobil sequestered over 40 percent of all captured CO2?
Is there more forest in the Northern Hemisphere now than 100 years ago?
Is the Infinity MG10 a working generator that consumes no fuel?
Does UA Rush bodywear improve athletic performance?
Is the comeback of measles in the US "largely due to anti-vaxers?"
Does this video show the Notre Dame fire being deliberately lit?
Does a citizenship question on the US census affect participation?
Can skipping breakfast increase risk of heart disease?
Did the North Korean government ever say that Kim Jong-il never defecated?
Is there a better-supported explanation than economic hegemony, why "70% of firms targeted for anti-bribery by the DOJ are overseas"?
Have more people "been to space than have flown in a B-2?"
What are the "many falsehoods", according to Planned Parenthood, promoted by the movie Unplanned?
Did Aaron Levenstein say 'Statistics are like bikinis'?
Does eating nonsalty food with MSG make you thirsty?
Does the UK provide 50% of EU's waters? And does this imply anything about fishing rights?
Can fracking help reduce CO2?
Have any Olympic medalists suffered from asthma?
Is this an unaltered video of Joe Biden?
Did the myth of carrots improving eye sight begin as WWII propaganda?
Do recruiters hire people like themselves?
Did more than 300 polling workers die as a result of their work during the spring 2019 Indonesian election?
Were 51,000 Pennsylvania jobs lost under the Obama administration?
Does forest therapy (Shinrin-yoku) improve the immune system?
Is "tongue on roof of mouth" the correct tongue posture?
Does population growth stabilize when the mortality rate falls below 10 deaths per 1,000 people?
Is this cow urine study published in NCBI valid?
Are 700 more planes a day expected to fly because of the Heathrow expansion?
Is any special diet an effective treatment of autism?
Can Bitcoin's huge energy footprint be easily reduced?
Are participation medals / trophies a widespread phenomenon?
Does the FDA not pull life-threatening devices?
Will vaccines prevent an estimated 936,000 deaths for kids born 1994-2018?
Are there vaccine ingredients which may not be disclosed ("hidden", "trade secret", or similar)?
Was Mohammed the most popular first name for boys born in Berlin in 2018?
Was the Highlands Ranch shooting the 115th mass shooting in the US in 2019
Does smoking one joint give as much exposure to cancer-producing chemicals as smoking four to five cigarettes?
Did Solovief fire a rifle bullet through 8 people (and into a 9th)?
Did Ahmadinejad say that enriching Uranium to 20% made no economic sense?
Do many commonly consumed food items in Australia have the halal certification emblem on them?
Have heroRATS cleared more than 100,000 mines?
Is the March of the Immortal Regiment a cult of the German Third Reich?
Did the "The Hampshire Advertiser" publish an article about many droughts in Europe on Saturday July 17 1852?
Is 95% of what you read in the financial press "either wrong or irrelevant?"
Does salt (or sodium) not make you thirsty?
Is the US constitution based on the religious principles?
Is America "seeing a spike in celibacy fuelled by economics, technology and female empowerment?"
Is food becoming less nutritious because of depletion of soil minerals and nutrients?
Are Rembrandt's two anatomical paintings the only two where the identity of the cadaver is known?
Is new nuclear power cheap?
Are patterns of holes in surfaces surprisingly good clickbait?
Was this Communist Party Directive from 1943 genuine?
What effect does listening to music on streaming services have on artist revenues?
Did 295 of Marsh & McLennan employees die in the World Trade Center during 9/11?
Does science define life as "beginning at conception"?
Is the penalty for a woman having an abortion more severe than the penalty for rape?
Are fares for US transcontinental flights at an all-time low?
Does rubbing the end of a cucumber improve its taste?
Does Myanmar deny medical care, humanitarian aid, education, and food to Rohingya?
Do these five football players have exceptionally high IQs?
Who wrote “A writer only begins a book. A reader finishes it.”?
Did "hundreds of birds" fall out of the sky in the Netherlands due to a 5G test?
Did 20% of US soldiers in Vietnam use heroin, 95% of whom quit afterwards?
Have 1.5% of all nuclear reactors ever built melted down?
Is a Gazan woman running for Office in Belgium?
Did Lenin say he made a mistake, their actions caused oppression and massacres and what Russia needed was ten Francis of Assisi?
Is Feynman's claim about the history of measurements of the charge of the electron after Millikan accurate?
Did Mussolini say the state controlled three-fourths of the Italian economy?
Did Oliver Kahn deny children's penalty goals and thus, charity money?
Were pen cap holes designed to prevent death by suffocation if swallowed?
Do UK background checks successfully ‘prevent unsuitable people from working with vulnerable groups’?
Did thousands of women die every year due to illegal abortions before Roe v. Wade?
In the USSR's legal system, was everything illegal unless specifically allowed?
Does keeping a "gratitude journal" improve your life?
Are "softening blows" ("Lockerungsschläge") a legitimate technique to make arrests of an already fixated person possible?
Did Newton say that humanity would be able to travel at 40 miles a hour
Does the moon have all these powers?
Were Papadopoulos, Manafort, and Flynn subjects of FISA applications?
Did Trump fail to spot Rudy Giuliani who was sitting directly across?
Are individuals with severe mental illness "much more likely" to be victims than perpetrators of violence?
Did Einstein say this about philosopher Peter Deunov?
Did 57% of people in France believe that the USSR contributed the most to the defeat of Nazi Germany in 1945?
Did Jhering coin the bon mot "In Germany everything that is not allowed is forbidden"?
Were more Americans fatally shot by March this calendar year than died during DDay as the Washington post claimed?
Does the Chinese government officially have access to IT equipment sold abroad?
Does bodybuilding at early age stunt growth?
Does having one fewer child reduce my carbon footprint as much as 71+ people going vegan?
Did molten aluminum pour from the WTC towers before they collapsed?
Can marijuana cause seizures in children?
Are US sunscreens less effective due to FDA regulations?
Did the Snowden leaks result in the death of American diplomats?
Would a no-deal Brexit cause the grocery shopping bill of an average UK family to rise by £800/year?
Could a foreign head of government be inadmissible to the US because of past drug use?
Are there any dangers of aluminum-containing antiperspirants?
Is it illegal in Alaska to wake up a sleeping bear for the purpose of taking a photograph?
Did an American kindergarten teach children the alphabet using corporate logos?
Is the infant mortality rate among African-American babies in Youngstown, Ohio greater than that of babies in Iran?
Has Congress's Office of Compliance secretly settled sexual harassment lawsuits?
Have 82 officers been charged for on-duty shootings since 2005?
Has austerity caused the death of over 130,000 people in the UK?
Did the CIA blow up a Siberian pipeline in 1982?
Do historians agree the motive behind Catholic celibacy was primarily economic?
Does rocking a child help their brain to grow?
Is this "the largest single donation to Oxford University since the Renaissance"?
Do 90% of startups fail?
Are the diagnostic criteria of brain death reliable?
Is Iran recovering debris of the shot-down Global Hawk in its own coastal waters?
Do bimetal jigsaw blades last twice as long as HSS blades and ten times longer than HCS blades?
Does a "desirable difficulty" in reading font affect memory retention?
Can Technical Analysis (TA) predict future market prices?
Did Chinese school textbook maps (c. 1951) "depict China as stretching even into the central Asian republics"?
What is the impact on climate change of having a child?
Is there reliable evidence that depleted uranium from the 1999 NATO bombing is causing cancer in Serbia?
Do the 26 richest billionaires own as much wealth as the poorest 3.8 billion people?
Does a return economy-class seat between London and San Francisco release 5.28 tonnes of CO2 equivalents?
Do people with ADHD have a college graduation rate of 5%?
Does switching the lights off help avoiding mosquitoes?
If Americans wasted less food, would it reduce hunger for the less fortunate?
Were Oscar and Valeria Martinez denied the ability to claim asylum at a port of entry?
Can a new device uniquely identify people by heart beat from a distance?
Is this 1977 “thank you” letter from Joe Biden real?
Are 63% of Instagram users 'miserable'?
Did Winston Churchill praise Rolls-Royce engines?
Has the consumption of electricity, steel, copper, gold, water, paper, etc… decreased or flatlined in the U.S. since around 2009?
In Alabama, if a person is found not guilty of rape, is their accuser assumed to be lying?
Has student enrollment in economic degrees fallen?
Was the 45.9°C temperature in France in June 2019 the highest ever recorded in France?
Does the asteroid 16 Psyche contain this much gold?
Have more than a million people had their whole genomes sequenced by the end of 2018?
Did Bruce Lee have to slow down his punches to see his movements on camera?
Was it ever illegal to name a pig "Napoleon" in France?
Did depressed people far more accurately estimate how many monsters they killed in a video game?
Do the Republican tax cuts cost more than forgiving student debt?
Did a statue of Mary, mother of Jesus cry in St. Rita's church in Ja-Ela in Sri Lanka?
Did H. Ross Perot call Maya Lin an “Egg Roll?”
Is Trump personally blocking people on Twitter?
Is "artifical" fructose any different from "natural" fructose?
Is there more than one registered motor vehicle for every adult in the US?
Was adding milk to tea started to reduce employee tea break time?
Was the Ford Model T black because of the speed black paint dries?
Did Lincoln tell Stowe "So you're the little woman that started this great war!"?
Did Marriott International issue a statement stating that they would decline any requests to use their U.S. hotels as detention facilities?
Did Finding Nemo encourage people to flush pet fish down the toilet?
Did Henry Ford ever say "any color he wants as long as it’s black"?
Do humans need high-protein foods?
Are a third of the proteins we consume dependent on synthetic fertilizer?
Are these occurences of the mathematical constants e and pi in The Bible at all exceptional?
Did AOC ever make this statement about daylight savings time and global warming?
Did Hitler say this quote about education?
Can washing hands too often weaken the immune system?
Does exercise trigger migraines?
Has sea level rise slowed down?
Did Don Young threaten John Boehner with a 10 inch blade to the throat?
Do any people in South Africa traditionally spend two days together praising wrong-doers to help them?
Do anti-snoring acupressure rings reduce snoring?
Did Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez cry in front of a parking lot?
Is this photo showing a woman standing in the nude before teenagers real?
Was the person who was assaulted by ASAP Rocky a repeat violent offender?
Is there a wealth gap in Boston where the median net worth of white households is $247,500 while the median net worth for black families was $8?
Does the average two-year-old pillow contain 17 different species of fungus?
Was Donald Trump at ground zero helping out on 9-11?
Is The Venice Syndrome documentary cover photo real?
Are fussy babies more intelligent?
Are Nobel laureates "at least 22 times more likely to partake as an amateur actor, dancer, magician or other type of performer"?
Did EgyptAir publish this totally messed up map from Europe?
Does Floyd Mayweather endorse a teeth whitening product?
Did the 1994 US crime bill "bring down crime"?
Is this popular optical illusion made of a grey-scale image with coloured lines?
Did the precedence of operations in arithmetic change since 1917?
Is hemp 10 times stronger than steel and can it be used to build and fuel an aeroplane?
Does Oman evidence point to an (Iranian) limpet mine?
Does the pelvic clock help flat back syndrome as claimed
Did the chief baker of the Titanic survive two hours in ice-cold water?
Were some Russians killed in a fight with American forces in Syria in February 2018?
Did WWII Japanese soldiers engage in cannibalism of their enemies?
Does Microsoft's Hololens create true holograms?
Did China choose to finance the US after the 2008 crisis?
Was the first German bombing of London an accident?
Did France flood Guinea with counterfeit currency to destabilize it?
Did a Cypriot bishop claim that homosexuality is caused when parents have anal sex?
Could we nourish an additional 3.5 billion people if we just ate the stuff we feed to animals?
Was there a camera malfunction at the facility where Jeffrey Epstein was being held on the night of his death?
Were the Schutzmannschaft members mostly allowed to return to their former lives?
Home-made vs. commercial toothpaste?
Do beef farmed pastures net remove carbon emissions?
Does fossil fuels use since 1990 account for half of all the fossil fuels used in history?
Is having bike lanes safer than not having them?
Does handling your food release digestive juices and enzymes that enhances the meal?
Does an American taxpayer fund $870 in corporate subsidies for every $36 in food stamps?
What are the basis to claim the Easter Island statues as soul?
Did Michelle Obama have a staff of 23 people, while Melania has a staff of 4?
Did Police spray fake blood on themselves in Philadelphia on August 14th 2019?
Has shea butter been clinically proven to help?
Can you increase sleep quality by removing static electricity from the body with a specialized mattress/quilt?
In a lightning storm, is it safer to stand near a beech than near an oak?
Do predators tend to have vertical slit pupils versus horizontal for prey animals?
Did abortion rights activists burn effigies of fetuses at a protest?
Have only girls been born for a long time in this village?
Did President Trump receive Pentagon briefings on UFOs?
Does Denmark lose almost $700 million a year "carrying" Greenland?
Did Google search manipulation push millions of voters towards Clinton in the 2016 US Presidential Election?
How prevalent has psychoactive drug use been in the Syrian civil war?
Does sunflower oil reduce LDL ("bad") cholesterol more than olive oil?
Did the British navy fail to take into account the ballistics correction due to Coriolis force during WW1 Falkland Islands battle?
Do statins contribute to dementia?
Is the current number of forest fires in the Amazon right now considerably higher than usual?
Does storing medicine at recommended temperatures prolong its life?
Does sugar deplete enzymes, allowing partially digested protein into the blood, and triggering an immune response?
Do geoducks increase sex drive?
Is the internet in Madagascar faster than in UK?
Is there any connection from Rachel Chandler to Epstein?
Is the Amazon rainforest the "world's lungs"?
Are the 2019 Amazon rainforest fires only 7% higher than the 10 year average?
Are millions of chinese men without wives because of population gender imbalance?
Does a brain age faster when depressed? And would that be a bad thing?
Did Michael Mann based his entire pre-1421 hockey stick graph on one cedar on the Gaspé Peninsula?
Is back pain often caused by unconscious emotional issues, such as rage?
Does animal protein consumption cause inflammation?
